j Odds and Cuds. .-..j '. Showers on Monday. ; ?'? Plower Show next Wednesday. : ' Sir Julian Salomons going to Europe. . Cise against T. McKenzie adjourned for another wet-k. '? Dean, it is said, is going to ranke more confes sions. A. number of Chinese wera passengers for China by the s.s. Guthrie. There is a great influx of immigrants in t be Transvaal, South Africa, A large seal over ten feet long was killed at Two fold Bay on Thursday. -' Mr. J. P. Gut-van at present on a visit to his property near Byron Bay. Danish butter is selling at 118s; finest colonial is nominally quoted at 112a per cwt. The Queen of Corea has been assassinated. The crime was instigated by the anti-reform party. New South Wales Creamery Butter Company will probably erect a separator plant at Caniaba. Provision being mode at Byron Bay Creamery to get rid of refuse which creates the offensive smell. Mrs. Caswell, wife af Mr. W. S. Cns well, Police Magistrate at Goulburn, died on Friday afternoon The annual show in conneotinn with the Casino Agricultural Society luis been fixed for April 23 and 24.. " . ... An official order has been issued to add a star to the American flag on July 4, 1890, to represent the new State of Utah. Telegrams have boon received in Paris of the capture, by tho French, of Antananarivo, the capital of Madagascar. A: \- The smallest man in Chicago is George William; Steele, a negro " newsboy,'' 20 years of age. George is 42in.Jn height, and weighs 60H>; . ' . ; . ' j, .A. nuinberof tall trees1 close to. the' railway line, ^aVe been ont do wu by. order.:pf the Railway Com missioners. Others will bo similarly treated. ; An old man was drowned at Murwillumbah on Friday last while attempting to rescue a boat which had drifted out in the stream while he was landing. £1500 was paid last week for one cable message from Coolgardie to London. It is believed to bo the record amount paid for any message from Aus tralia. The Australian Star has apologised to Sir Julian Salomons for saying that he had in his professional career used bis best efforts to secure th* acquittal of men whom ho knew to be guilty. The Star admits their statement is untrue. Only small lot of cane from New Guinea, ordered by Clarence farmers, has reached Sydney. What hag como to hand has had a lough time, and the O. S. R. Co. advise waiting to see how this lot turns out before prooeeding further. A Buddhist magazine in Japan prophesies that the greatest movement, of tho twentieth century will.be an invasion of the East with "groat armies of Christian missionaries booked up by the wealth of Christendom." The Buddhists, it Bays, must arouse themselves to meet these invaders. . From a private oablo received from Europe it is stated that Mr. Henry Schwartz, head of the firm of Schwartz and Co., wool manufacturers, Mul house, Alsaoo-Liorraine, and also of Syduey, waa murdered on Monday ut noon by a workman, a stranger to tho manufactory. Mr. Sob war tz was stabbed in the abdomen, and died shortly after. 