New Publications. Christmas Numbers.--From Messrs. Gordon, and Gotch, sole agents, we have received the Christmas numbers of the "Illustrated Lon- don News" and "Black and White," and also the following, for which, this firm are the special agents: "Holly Leaves," "Graphic," "Yule Tide," and "La- dies' Pictorial." The "Illustrated London News" presents its rea- ders with two beautiful colored supplements, one of them a handsome reproduction in Sepia tints of Luke Filde's picture entitled "Playfellows," the other a gorgeous repro- duction of a painting by Arthur J. Elsley, en- titled "Young Britain." The features of the number are "The Great North Road," by the late Robert Louis Stevenson (Mr. Stevenson's story breaks off abruptly, it is unfinished; the death of the writer was its ending), and a story, "The Luck of the Susan Bell," by Sir Walter. Besant. The "Graphic" also has two colored plates, one entitled "Your Majesty," painted for the "Graphic" by Mary L. Gow, which depicts the historic moment when, on June 20, 1837, the Archbishop of Canterbury and Lord Conyngham announced to the Queen the death of William IV. ; the second picture is a reproduction, by permission, of the Duke of Devonshire, of Reynolds's Duchess of Devonshire, and her child Georgiana Dorothy Devonshire.' The "Graphic" has short stories by such writers as Kipling, Zangwill, and Flora Annie Steel, and is rich in many quaint and colored illustrations. Printing in colors seems to have become the yearly feature of the "Graphic." "Black and White's" Christmas supplement is a reproduction of "Comrades," from the painting by Robert Gibb. The number has good short stories, and many beautiful illustrations. "Holly Leaves," the Christ- mas number of the "Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News" presents its readers with a very fine reproducion of a picture by Fred. Roe, exhibited at the Royal Academy this year. It depicts Nelson leaving Portsmouth for the Victory, and is entitled "Bound for Trafalgar's Bay." The number itself is full of capital pictures, and well selected, enter- taining letterpress. It contains an illus- trated life of Nelson, and among the stor- ies is an Australian sporting tale by Nat Gould. "The Ladies' Pictorial" has a very fine supplement, "Day Dreams," from the painting by N. Sischel. The number like those mentioned above is crowded with good pictures, and its reading matter is all thoroughly readable, and written by first-rank writers. "Yule Tide" (Cassell's Christmas annual) has a fine supplement from the pain- ting by W.F. Yeames, R.A., entitled "Pri- soners of War," showing a couple of British midshipmen prisoners in a French port. "Yule Tide" is full of good reading matter by clever writers, and its pictures, some of which are printed in colors, are remarkably well done. The "Herons," by Helen Shipton (pub- lished by Macmillan and Company.) has reached us through Messrs. George Robert- son and Company. The author of this charming story introduces the reader to a delightfully original family, the Herons, whose ancestors lived for centuries at Herne's Edge, in an unnamed county, evi- dently intended for Devonshire, and to whose traditions of honor and loyalty the hero of the book, Cosmo Heron, clings faithfully. In his youthful belief in human nature he sacrifices himself in the cause of a disgraced and exiled elder bro- ther, only to discover in the end that this brother was unworthy of the old and hon- ored name he bore. Fortunately, how- ever, the very act which was performed in the truest spirit of self-sacrifice is the means not only of rescuing his brother, with his gentle wife and tiny daughters, from utter ruin, but of bringing happiness to himself, and all ends well as the cur- tain falls on a picture of peace, reconcilia- tion, and reunion. We have received the first number of the "Australasian Hebrew," published in Syd- ney. The publishers state that the central idea of the paper "is to establish a mouth- piece for Judaism in the Southern Hemis- phere; to institute a means for bringing about a closer union and interdependence between the scattered Australasian Jewish congregations; to cultivate a feeling of community of interest and of racial pride among the growing numbers of native-born and immigrant Jewish colonists; to serve as a vehicle for spreading and emphasising the noble lessons of our holy religion and unequalled history; to stimulate the ideals and to give voice and form to those noble aspirations which spring spontaneously in every generous Jewish soul, and which only require a little recognition and encourage- ment to grow to splendid fruition." The first number of the paper is a very credit- able production. "The Men of the Moss-Hags," by S.R. Crockett, Bell and Sons Indian and Colonial Library, George Robertson and Company, Sydney and Melbourne--is the most recent to hand of Mr. Crockett's works. Where Sir Walter Scott is entirely forgotten, it is pos- sible that Mr. Crockett may be popular, in such novels as "The Men of the Moss-Hags." His story deals with the Covenanters in the latter end of the seventeenth century, and, of course, Claverhouse and other notable people of the time are introduced. Mr. Crock- ett writes too well not to be readable, even in such a theme, but then--Scott is still re- membered by most people. The "Little Minister," by J.M. Barrie, in Cassell's Colonial Library, is to hand. The cheap colonial editions of good books such as the "Little Minister" is a boon to the general reader, particularly when they are printed in good type, as is the case with the work under notice. The author's delightful stories of Scottish life have obtained such a wide popu- larity that the present edition is certain of a hearty welcome. From Messrs. George Robertson and Com- pany we have received "Molly Darling" and other stories, by Mrs. Hungerford, published in Fisher Unwin's Autonym Library. Mrs. Hungerford's stories, although they cannot claim to have the merit of originality, are prettily told, are wholesome reading, and are sufficiently entertaining to beguile the tedium of a railway journey. "Clear Round." This is the title of a new! edition of the volume by E.A. Gordon, pub- lished by Sampson, Low, Marston, and Com- pany, giving "a chronicle of links and rivets in this world's girdle," the result of a trip round the world made by the author. So many people have gone round the world and then written a book about it, that the man who never, leaves his native village and writes a book about that will soon be sure of a welcome by readers. However, Mr. Gordon's book is by no means the least readable of globetrotters' experiences. The volume rea- ches us through Messrs. George Robertson and Company, of Sydney and Melbourne. We have received a copy of the "Austra- lian Photographic Journal" for November. The illustrations in this number are: "The Entranced Man in Sydney" (with an inter- esting article by Dr. M'Carthy), "Austra- lian Flowers and Ferns," "Sydney Har- bor," and the "Meeting by the Stream." There is a special article on "Carbon, or Autotype Printing," and a valuable table of photographic poisons and their anti- dotes, besides various other illustrated articles on photographic subjects, and par- ticulars of new inventions and novelties that should interest both amateur and pro- fessional photographers. "Battles of English History," by Hereford B. George, M.A., F.R.G.S:, is in its second edi- tion, and is a valuable and instructive work for students of all ages--that is, provided they are not military students, for, as Mr. George explains, his book is specially written for the general reader, and is free from military de- tail. Plans and maps help the reader to an easier understanding of the text. The number of important battles omitted is not great, but it is strange, to say the least of it, that the Battle of the Boyne should be among the omissions. In what was, no doubt, a desire to avoid controversial matter, Mr. George seems to have gone a little far. "The Calico Printer," by Charlotte Fennell (Hutchinson and Company), reaches us through Messrs. George Robertson and Com- pany. The story relates the trials of an aris- tocratic damsel among her vulgar but weal- thy relatives in the manufacturing city of Medlock, and if the hero whom she encoun- ters there and subsequently marries is some- thing of a prig, she herself is faulty enough to be interesting. The plot is of the slight- est, but the style is easy, and the story runs smoothly to a happy termination, which with large, clear type and thick paper makes read- ing pleasant. Gilbert Parker's stories of Canada and British Columbia, some of which are re- printed under the title of "Pierre and His People," have become famous. Those con- tained in this volume have appeared in English and American magazines, and few stories are so well entitled to take book form as those of this author. Mr. Gilbert Parker has pic- tured for his readers life in the great terri- tory with which he is so familiar, in a man- ner that gives him a place very close to Rudyard Kipling in the rank of storytellers. "Peter Simple" is the last volume to hand of Macmillan's illustrated standard novels, which reaches us through Messrs. George Robertson and Company. Marryat's famous novel ought to be a book always delightful to boys, and often welcome to grown-ups. In this very excellent edi- tion of standard novels, "Peter Simple" becomes a handsome volume for the li- brary, and the illustrations by J. Ayton Symington materially enhance the value of the book. "The Shoulder of Shasta," by Bram Stoker, is a recent volume in Macmillan's Colonial Library. Bram Stoker is Henry Irving's well-known and popular bu- siness manager in London, and is also a well-known magazine contributor. He can write, and this story of his with its excel- lent descriptions of Rocky Mountain scen- ery, ought to be well received. The volume, reaches us through Messrs. George Robert- son and Company. Danish v. English Butter Making.--From the Earl of Winchelsea we have received a work with the above title, by Mrs. Alec Tweedie, and published by Horace Cox, Lon- don. The book is valuable, inasmuch as it publishes numerous details of the handling of milk and the manufacture of butter, as practised in Denmark and England, and hence should be read with interest by Austra- lian dairy farmers. The "Pall Mall Magazine" for November, is to hand. The number has a beautiful frontispiece, "In Disgrace," and its pages are filled with beautiful illustrations. The letterpress is well chosen, every article being readable, and many of them far above the average. The "Pall Mall" has set a stan- dard for such publications that will make it hard for its contemporaries to outrival. From Messrs. George Robertson we have received Part I. of "The History of Man- kind," a translation of Professor Ratel's important work (Macmillan and Com- pany). This, to judge from the first number, will be a capital translation, printed in good plain type, and well illustrated, the frontispiece being a hand- some colored plate. From Messrs. George Robertson and Com- pany we have received "The Moving Finger,"' by Mary Gaunt, "Battles of English His- tory," by H.B. George, and "Pierre and His People," by Gilbert Parker. These three volumes are in Methuen's Colonial Library, which means that they are good books, wel printed, and inexpensive. "A Stepmother's Strategy," by Evelyn Everett Green: Hutchinson and Company, London; George Robertson and Company, Sydney and Melbourne.--This is the title of a story remarkable chiefly for the gorgeous green and gold binding in which it is is- sued. "The Moving Finger" is the title of a col- lection of Australian stories by Mary Gaunt. The stories are excellent, the writer knows Australia, is clever in her character sketches, and, having stories to tell, relates them en- tertainingly. The "Australasian Medical Gazette" for No- vember contains a great deal of reading mat- ter of especial interest to the medical pro- fession. 