OUR L0ND0JI LETTER. [FBOM OUH OWN COEBESPOKDENT. ] London, October 25. Walking past Trafalgar Square on the 21st of October, I was reminded by the wreaths deposited at the base of the Kelson Monu ment that it was Trafalgar day. The place of honour was allotted u- tbe Navy League wreath, below it was another laurel wreath decorated with red, white, and blue ribbons. UQ CUC eaUL Blue Ul LUC pilum naa ou on green tribute in the Bhape of an anchor from Admiral Chads, and on the west side a hand some wreath composed of arum lilies, autumn foliage, and white crysantbemums from Lady Middleton. Another coutributioo was a beautiful design, the gift of the of&cert; and crew of Her Majesty's ship Excellent. In the evening members of tbe Royal Navy Club of 1765 and 1785 dined together in the Whitehall Rooms, Hutel Metropole, to com memorate the uattle o! Trafalgar, 21 Bt oi October, 1805, and the Battle of Camper down, 11th of October, 1799. Vice-Admiral Richard Wells. Commander- in-Chief at the Nore, presided. And the gaest of the evening was Majar-Gencral Lord William Seymour, commanding the ^outh-eastem district. A copy of the prayer used by Nelson before the Battle of Trafalgar, to gether with a facsimile of his last, aod unfinished, letter to Lady Hamilton, pre sented to the clnb by Admiral W. G. Lnsrd, flanked by a portrait of the hero a year before tbe battle, and Romney's well-known picture of Lady Hamilton, occupied a pro minent position on the table. Was it, I wonder, by accident or design that the Peace Society chose the anniversary of the battle of Trafalgar, me greatest lesson that England has ever had as to the impor tance of her retaining command of tbe sea, for opening its siuinal conference at Birming ham and solemnly deprecating the amount of money spent on our national defences ? The interests of England have to be maintained in the face of the undisguised aggression of France at half-a-dozen points of importance on two continents, and all the Powers are elbowing each other in their haste to grab tbe remaining patches of the earth's surface suitable for colonising. And this is tbe mo ment when the Peace Society, if it had its way, would leave us without an army and without a navy. Theoretically every nation professes an ardent desire for peace ; prac prepare for war ; while each individual, as soon as the prospect beomes imminent, waxes enthusiastic, throws up his hat in the air, and cheers tbe equally enthusiastic soldiers as they leave for tbe frontier. Truly, as Lord Wolsely ays, ' The only way to keep the peace is to be prepared for war.' The vouug Duke of Marborough, when weds Miss Consuelo Vaaderbilt next month, will be able to boast of baring for his wife the most youthful peeress in England. Sbe will be only nineteen years old next birth day. On the day of her marriaeje she will noquMtionably get more than half a million for every year she hat lived, ia say nothing of what she may ultimately fall heir to on her father's death. Not the most beautiful young woman at Newport to look upon, sbe has charming manners, and ought to wear the houours of the Duehess of Marlborough with exceeding grace. Miss Vanderbilt is .ujdpln hi-;i, ,e mil nnH lithe of limb, ant is very girlish yet. But, in spite of her height, she is so well proportioned that one loses sight of the fact that she measures 5 ft. 6 in. Miss Vandtrbilts dowry, which it is said will be 810,000,000, will enable her to live with dignity aa the mistress of Blenheim, although it will not be excessive. As one of Mr. W. K.Vandcrbilt'stbreechildrcu.sbeuill inherit her shareof the following properties: — A forluue of .*7O,O0O,OU0 ; a bouse at Fiftu Avemie uil Fifty -second-street, New York, valued at Si.000,000 ; Marble Hall, Newport, valued at S2,O0O,O0O : a house and estate at Oakdalc, Long Island, valued it SBOO.WO : the steam yacht Valiaut, valued at RSOO.OOO -, rubies, diamonds, and other jewels, valued at 8300,000. The union cf the young Duke with Miss Vanderbilt is but one of a series of good financial marriages made by t'le v. nurcuiu family. The first marriage of lh« late Duke is said to have been the only exception in nvo generations, and be afterwards made up for t h is by marrvinrr Lily Hammer&ley;, a rkli Ameri can. The late Lord Randolph Churchill got u fortune with Miss Jcroni^, ad-1 bis six sisters, aunts of the present Duke, madt wealthy matches- One married Lord Wim borue, an enormously rich iroumttster, another secured Lord de Ramsey, one of ». wealthy family of baukers ; a third Lord Tueedmourh, who is a millionaire; a fourth wedded the Duke of Roxburfihe ; the fifth is the wife Viscount Cuczon, heir to the Howe earldom ; and the sixth married Captaiu lionion ftilsoD, son of the late Sir Samuel Wilson, the well-known Australian millionaire. Captaiu Wilson by the way accompanied by Lady Sarah has decided to pass a portion of feaerrforDthrTr0ap^ by tli^Tantallan Castle on the 30th of November. Miss Gertrude VanderbiU whose approach ing marriage is announced io the Americau papers must not be confouuded with Miss Consenlo, the coming Duchess of Marlborou^h. Miss Gertrude is the daughter of Mr. Cornelius Vanderbilt, and is oow in her niue teenth year. Of handsome appearance, she has received a sound common sense home training. After some year6 of tutoring under her father's roof. Miss Gertrude completed her education at a private school where she became an accomplished linguist and musician. Uke many Amencau girls she early learned to ride and drive, and is partial to tennis and dancing. Her fortune is reckoned to be about four miUioDS, and her lover, Mx. Moses Taylor, New York, is heir to quite oa Urge Irishmen in tbe solonies, and especially the admirers of Mr. John Dillon, will be interested to hear that he is engaged to be married to the eldest daughter of Mr. Justice Matbew— a lady well known in London and Dublin society and reputed to be an ardent Nationalist. Mr. Dillon is the eon of tbe late Mr. Blake Dillon, a Dublin barrister and landed proprietor, and was born in 1851. He graduated at tbe Catholic Duiveraty, Dublin, won distinction as a mathematiciftD, and then qualified as a licentiate of the Irish College of Snrgeona. la 1880 he turned to politics, got nunsell twice imprisoned oy ar. Foster and once by Mr. Balfour, the Utter Chief Secretary releasing him on account of hie health. The heir to the great fortune of Mr. J. \t\ Mackay, the American Silver King, has loat his life under peculiarly sad circum stances in the park surrounding the Chateau Mayet, in the Department of the Sartbe, France. Voong Mackav, who was only twenty-five years of age, was visiting the chateau with two friends for a few days' shooting. While amusing themselves by riding some imperfectly broken horses, tbe animal on which Mr. Mackay was mounted took fright and ran against &. tree with each violence that the rider had his teeth knocked out, and had a hole battered in his forehead. Tfja companions carried him to the chateau, bat he was past all aid. He died soon afterwards withont having recovered consciousness. Not much w&s; known about this unfortunate young man, except that be shared his mother's preference for European life and society. His father, Mr. J. W. Mackay, is at present in America. Although now an old man, bk body retains much of the suppleness of the hardy miner of former days who founded Virginia City. He dresses with almost oaten tattoos plainness, and rarely drinks anything stronger than tea. His wife is now a con firmed European. She lives in one of the most iDxnriooB houBes in CuUon House terrace, between the Earls of Pembroke and Caledon, and entertains largely. This is the house on which Mr. Sanford, Buenos Ayres, was lavishing money when the Baring crash put a stop to his operation^. Another very sad death is that of the Marquess of VVaterford. The first announce ments did not suggest that he had com mitted suicide, but that painful fact became known within less than twenty-four honrs. Twelve years ago, before the accident that doomed him to a life of pain. Lord Waterford was one of the gayest and most popular men in Great Britain off his own estates. He hod sown bis wild oats which included ooe of the most sensational elopements of the century, and bad settled down into a typical Tory land owner of Urge means, with a passion (or hunting and an eager love of life. Then came tbe terrible occurence that killed him after years of pain. He was out with the Cottesmore hounds in Leicestershire, and when passing through a gate his horse ebied and he was thrown. Although feeling that he was injured, he galloped home, and made one of the dinner party as usuaL Next day it was discovered that his spine had been injured. The injury developed until Lord Waterford was first debarred from taking horse exercise, and at last the big, handsome, fair haired head of the noisy Beresfords had to he wheeled about in a. Bath chair. Lord Waterford 's magnificent constitution enabled him after a time partially to throw off his injury, and a year ago an operation ?was per formed which gave him much relief. A few months later he tripped over a mat. This hmnrrht nn a recurrence of his former trouble. and tbe last months of his life had been months of agony. For weeks past be never left the grounds of his residence tCurragh uiore, in county Waterford), and spent the greater part of t'le day on a rocking chair on rhe lawn, silent and depressed. The hope lessness of his life made him take a short way out of it with a revolver. His widow, the Marehiouess, uho is herself an invalid, \x said to be prostrated with the shock. She is the Marquess's second wife. His first wife, the unfortunate Mrs. Vivian, died a year after the elopement. The new M^rqueas is a. Lord Dunraven's return to England ou board Mr. Laycocfe's ship-ric^ed ValhalU has not been celebrated by any renewed dis cus.-ion respecting the Valkyrie -Defender match for the America Cup. When asked. for his views with recard to the racing of the Valkyrie and Defender, his lordship said he had nothing wore to say ia reference to the matter than bad already appeared in the presb. It was past, and nothing further nt*d be said about it. Lord Duu raven, wheu asked what he intended doing w ith Valkyrie, which had been laid up at Brooklyn, replied ih&t; he had not yet quite made up his mind, but sbe would be useful for trial purposes with any vessel that might go out to America to race for the Cup. He declined to enter into lion with the reported ill-feeling between himself and the New York Yacht Club Com mittee. You will have heard by cable that Mr. C. 1-. Hose has withdrawn his challenge for a race next year for the America cup, ou ing to i he general impression that his challenge might be construed as an expres sion of opinion on the result of the U&t; race. Still Mr. Rose is taking up yacht-racing in no half- hearted manner. As the owner of the Sa.ta.nita he will be represented in the Riviera regattas, andirt is also building twentyandfive raters for rhe Solent matches. Tbe Satan it* is having various alterations carried out wbfch mav improve her, and as, under certain circumstances, she was always a speedy vessel, she will doubtless be a formidable competitor during the ensuing Last year Mr, HartuswortU fitted out at hU own expense an expedition to Franz Josef Land under the command of Mr. Jackson, The boat, the Windward, which carried the party left the Thames on the I2th of July 1894, reached Franz Josef Land in the following September and returned to London on the 22nd of October this year. In the mean tune Mr. Jackson and his party have established themselves in Siberian log houses for the winter months. Next June the Windward will again make her way the Franz Josef Land, carrying with her further stores for the hardy explorers who have cut themselves off from civilisation in & distant and unknown region, which they have made, for the moment only, the most northerly inhabited land in the world. Mr. Jackson has found the existing ideas concern ing Franz Josef Land very inaccurate. ' We have,' be writes, ' entirely altered the map and character of a great portion of Franz Josef Land, and have found a sea and islands where mainland was supposed to exist.' Mr. Jackson speaks enthusiastically in praise of the work done on the ice by tbe the expedition's ponies, and says that he has as yet seen nothing to prevent his northward advance, and that only a driving pack could apparently prevent the expedition reaching a very high latitude. Last winter proved exceptionally severe, tbe intense cold being greatly aggravated by furious gales, which were so persistent that they broke up the ice as early as the end of March, turning tbe ragged icefields into wild expanses of hum mocks, dangerously alternated with treacher ous and deep crevasses. For some days after landing no animals were to be seen. Then, however, polar bears began to come singly and in pairs, and sometimes in whole families, to visit tbe Btrangers on their shores. Walruses, too, appeared iu tbe holes in the ice, and Mr. Jackson, in the coarse of the first few months, shot no fewer than thirty bears and three cubs, and added eight walruses to the general larder. There is no riiBgnining the fact that the political eitoatinn is causing the greatest anxiety. There are now fire British ultimatums out, addressed respectively to China, Turkey, Venezuela, Asba.at.ee, and Belgium. It is not surprising therefore that the various Continental bourses should be seriously affected, and that business on tbe Stock Exchange here should be carried on with extreme caution* Lord Salisbury has opened the antumn political campaign by a speech ct Watford, and his reticence on the subject of foreign affairs is regarded as a proof that the situation is serious, if not grave. It is always a pleasure to a Foreign Minister to announce that there is not a cloud upon the political horizon, and Lord Salis bury does not deny himself the pleasure when he can indulge in it. A heavy sky does not necessarily portend a storm any more than a clear sky is a guarantee that there will be no thunderbolt*. But, said the Prime Minister, dealing with only one phase of the situation 'The difficulty is enormous; it is only by patience that it cau be to any degree solved.' And what is true of the Turkish question is eqnslly true of the other problems that are looming in the Far East. Tbe Duke of Devonshire, who was speaking at Leeds at the same time that the Prime Minister was ad dressing his neighbours at Watford, naturally left to tbe latter the responsibility of saying anything or nothing upon foreign affaire. Bat he uttered a. few words to which the habitual caution of the speaker gave peculiar aigniticauce. ' It is idle,' he said, ' to dis guise the fact that both in the East of Europe and in the East of Asia events are oc curring which may affect very great in terests of tbis country, and the time may be approaching when it may be necessary for us to appeal to men of all political parties for tliat sympathy with the British Government which Lord Boaebery promised in his own uaine, and in that of his friends, would be afforded to them in everything which related to these questions, the gravity and urgency of which he knew so well.1' The Duke of Devon shire is not an alarmist, nor are his warnings necessarily alarming. But they justify the reticence of responsible Ministers. France, for -me thing, has now got ri.I of tbe Madagascar difficulty, and her eagenie~-= to do so is attttibuted to (he unsettled state of affairs in Europe. From the text of the treaty concluded between the Republic auj the Qdeen, of Madagatur, which baa just Iteen published in Paris, it appears that the Queen recognizes and accepts the protectorate ot' France wirh all its consequences. The Government of the French Republic will be represented at tu-3 Court of the Queen l-y a resident general who will represent Mada gascar io all foreign relaliotu ; he will con trol Urn internal administration of the island, and all questions concerning foreigners in Madagasuir will be dealt with through him. The Queen of Madagascar undertakes to in btitute the rkfurots which the Freuch Govern - nieot sLall dectn requisite foe tbe exercise of ila prolecioratD, aa veil as for tbe economic development of the island and the progress of civilisation. The whole of tbe expenditure on the public serviced in Madagascar and the service of tbe debt will be secured by the revenues of the pij&d;, and the Government of tbe French RrtftabBc assumes no responsi bility on accoostoT the engagements, treaties, or concessions ubieh the Government of her Majesty toe Queen of Madagascar may hare signed previous to the signature of tbe present trtaty. Senator Chandler, of tbe United States, boldly predict* a war between Great oVJ^ia and America, with Russia, as the ally of the United States and the acquisitura of Canada as the sure result. Jiow, if there is one thing in which tbe better class of the citizens of the United States and those of England agree cordially, it is that a war betwee* the two nations would be the most unawfogaj and suicidal struggle that ever took pfece* W|ftt tbe end\ would be, even with Roam as the ally of the United States, no living man, save of the type of Senator Chandler, ^rould venture to foretelL But there exists at present no conceivable pretext that would justify such a quarrel, of which the certain results would be a terrible loss of life, an enormous des truction of property, tbe rain of no small portion of tbe agricultural population of tbe State, and a disastrous blow to tbe commerce of both countries. No petty squabble over a miserable little Central American Republic like Venezuela could possibly justify such a fratricidal duel, and there is no reason to doubt that in the future, as in the late past, the two great Anglo-Saxon nations would be always ready to Bubmit any question between them to peaceful negotiation, rather than to the dread arbitrament of the sword. In view of the unsettled condition of affairs the Executive of the Navy League is losing no opportunity of urging apon the colonies the advisablenessof entering iuto some businesslike arrangement with the mother country. So far the Cape and Natal stem to be tbe only colonies that have given any attention to the matter. What the Imperial Federation Defence Committee, in other words, the Navy League, is strongly advocating is that the Government of this country should lay before tbe Governments of the self- governing colonies a plain statement of the facts of the case, and that their co-operation in tbe future should be invited. Of coarse it would be per fectly open to them to decline their co operation, but by this means it is argued we should obtain an authoritative statement from these colonies as to whether they re quire the defence of tbe Imperial navy or not. General Booth, whose progress through the Australasian colonies seems to be watched with a considerable amount of interest on ?.bis side, ought to be extremely well satisfied with the result of the tenth ftiinngl self denial week of the Salvation Army. So far as can at present be ascertained the result shows that £30,670 has been received, com pared with £27,414 last year. The largest amount comes from the United Kingdom, of cuarae— £16,920 compared with £16,131 in ISSi. Next comes Australia with £13,750 as against £11,283, South Africa, America, Canada, France, Switzerland, Sweden, and Denmark have yet to make their returns. Further particulars are awaited here as to tbe tract of land offered to General Booth by Mr. Rhodes and the conditions on which it is to be granted. It is known that tbe Premier of the Cape Colony regards tbe work of the Salvation Army with favour, bnt be would be one of the first to object to peopling any portion of the Chartered Com pany's territory with nee'r-do-weUa from the 'Old Country-' When the Lord Mayor— Sir Joseph Renals — (who by the way has just had a baronetcy bestowed upon him) visits Australia early in tUe new year — and he has secured passages for himself and wife in the P, and 0. steamer Arcadia, leaving on tbe 20th of December — he will doubt less make inquiries as to tbe openings for desirable emigrants in the colonies, as be has always evinced a great interest in the labour question. He has just addressed to Londoners, through the press, an appeal for workers in the cause of the poor during the cominc winter. This appeal differs from those to which every winter accustoms us, in tbat it asks not pecuniary aid bat personal service. Lord Mayor Kenals proposes the extension of a system which has been gradually developed during tbe past two or three winters, but still falls very far short of completion. The original plan was tbat London sbonld be divided up into districts, with a more or less manageable population, and that each of these districts should be looked after by a local committee, which should be representa tive of all rcligioas bodies and charitable organisations. The plan is an excellent one hands of t hose gentlemen who are so absorbed in seeing that nothing goes to tbe undeserving that they do not nod opportunity to aid tbe deserving. It is gratifying to note that the Central Committee has not abandoned tbe idea of providing useful work in preference to offering charity to the able bodied. One of the requirements of tbe Committee is a 'labour secretary' to the Central Com mittee, for the purpose of endeavouring to find work for Uie deserving unemployed. It is true that all tbe experiment's in this direc tion bxvc not succeeded, but a sufficient success has attended them as a whole to warrant the expectation that with ripening experience satisfactory results may be the After ten years of varying fortunes, the German colonies appear to have got over the worst uE their troubles, aud ne are asked to look for developments both in Africa and New Guinea., in the near future. South -wc^t Africa, which has for a long time been con sidered by a great many people to be not worth the money it, vested in it, and which Count Capri vi, an avowed antagonist of German colonies in genera.1, was ready (.ogive way for o. mere song, is now attracting greater attention every day, and the opinion ts spread' ing tliat this is the only colony where German immigration od a larger aia.lc can be antici p* ted with every probability of success. Tbia of enterprising English companies and capi talists. People in Berlin are beginning to regret that in conseqoence of tbe shyness of (iurniao capitalists large territories with great privileges have been granted to these English companies, who, it is tbougbt, arc delaying the sale of land in I he hope of its rising in value. This 1b considered an obstacle to the immigration of German settler*, and pressure will, therefore, be to proceed with the sale of Crown laud, stopped some time ago at the request of tbe companies, who will now be brought under the pressure of Government competition. The genial Qseenslander, Mr. Pritchard Morgan, M P., who is now ou a visit to Western Australia, is a strong believer in ' Golden Wales,' in fact be may be said to be the pioneer of Welsh gold mining. The views he entertains are strongly supported by Mr. J. J. William a, Raabon, who was born in BaJIarat, and whose first clear remembrance of mining is of being let down a gold mine there in & backet by means of a windlass. Mr. Williams declares of his own knowledge that gold reefs well defined are to be found in Wales in abundance. Moreover, he is pre pared to send a hundredweight of quartz which shall assay gold to anyone who will pay carriage. His opinion is that the local gold mines have been fooled in tbe working by in sufficient capital used rtngyt^mftticyTly. He deprecates the lack of modern appliances, and declares that there is practically no machinery except tbat at the Morgan mine. Whit Wales wants, in his opinion, is an ex pert development of her gold resources. Captain tbe Hon. Maurice Bourke, who has just been appointed Commodore on the North American Fisheries Station, was cap tain of the ill-fated Victoria when she went down in the Mediterranean with that popular Australian commander. Admiral Tryon, on board. Captain Bourke is the second son of Lord Mayo, who was assassinated when Governor-General of India, and heir presump tive to his brother, the present- earL He is one of the most popular and seamanlike officers in the service. His new command involves the superintendence of two other vessels besides his own and is one necessi tating considerable tact, for during the better part of the year they are separated from the main squadron, aud the disputes between the Newfoundlanders and the French fishermen are constant and bitter. The official announcement of the betrothal of her Royal Highness Princess Maud, daughter of tbe Prince and Princess of Wales, to his Royal Highness Prince Charles, second sou of die Crown Prince and Crown Princess of Denmark, will hate been warmly welcomed in every colony of the Kmpire. Princess Maud is the youngest, and perhaps for that reason the pet, of the Marlborough House family. She is not tbe youngest born, as the sixth child of the Prince and Princess of Wales died to. infancy. In the intimacy of the family circle she is known as ' Harry.' Like her sister. Princess Victoria, she is a daring horsewoman, loves to ride to hounds, and is suspected of being a good shot. She is thoroughly domesticated, as, indeed, all the three Princesses are. Denmark, which takes so keen ao interest in butter-making, will rejoice to hear that the Princess Maud is an expert batter-maker. She and her siBters were taught in the dairy which is personally supervised by the Princess of Wales at Sandringham. The Princess goes from one of the greatest CourtB in Europe to one of tbe smallest, but there will be little or no change in the dignity and im portance of her surroundings. Prince Charles is first cousin to Princess Maud and was born at Chariot ten I and ou the 3rd of August, 1872, bo that he is nearly three years the janior of his fiancee. He is en officer in tbe Danish navy, and is accounted &n; amiable prince and a promising officer. Trained in the Marine Academy of Copenhagen, he early availed himself of opportunities to make long cruises in outlying parts of the Danish dominions. He spent much time in the West Indes on a man-of-war and %eon his first laurels as a marine lieutenant of the Heindal, which was sent to Iceland to chase and capture British trawlers. He is described as quite an Englishman in bis love of sport, and he was the first to introduce the cycle to the Danish Royal family. Long before tbis reaches you your readers trill bave heard by cable of the propostd banquet to tbe new Governor of Queensland, Lord Lamington. His lordship does not leave until the middle of January, and the dinner trill not take place on til the ere of his departure. The dinner promises to be a big success. A preliminary meeting was held tbis week, and this has resulted in the including Sir Thomas M 'II wraith. Sir James (iarrick, Sir Arthur Bodgson, Sir Edwyn Dawcs, Mr. T. Archer, C.M.U., the Hon. H. S. Littleton, the Hon. H- Finch-Hatton, M.P., Mr. J. W. Dickinson, Mr. A. M'ilwrairb, Mr. M. D. M'Eacharn, Mr. R. Clayton, Mr. C- S. Dicken, C.M.G. (who is now Acting Agent-General), Mr. T. Mills, M.P., Mr. K. Robinson, Mr. C. R- Smith (who was Aide-de-camp to the Marquis of Nornianby when Gover nor of Queensland). Mr. O. de Satge, Mr. H. Weld Blundell, Mr. J. Stevenson (late member of the Legislative Assembly), and Mr. CritchelL Mr. Dicken, who took the chair at the meeting, was requested to see Lord LamingUm to arrange a. «*«»??, and it was decided that a letter be for warded to the Right Hon. J. Chamber lain, M.P., the new Secretary of State £oc the Colonies, asking him to occupy the chair. I understand that a number of the electors of North St. Pdncras bave expressed a wish to join in the celebration, so tbat the banquet will be quite a big affair. 