OUR LONDON LETTER. I [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] I T.nnn'nn KWnu.ll«. 1 There ia no disguising thc fact that thc political situation is causing the greatest anxiety. Thero are now fivo British ultimatums out, addressed respectively lo China, Turkey, Venezuela, Ashantee, and Belgium. It is not surprising therefore that the various Continental bourses should be seriously affected, and that business on the Stock Exchange herc should be carried on with extreme caution. Lord Salisbury has opened the autumn political campaign by a speech at Watford, and bis reticence on the subject of foreign affairs is regarded as a proof that the situation is serious, if not grave. It is always a pleasure to a Foreign Minister to announce that there ÍB not a cloud upon tho political horizon, and Lord Salis- bury does not deny himself the pleasure when he can indulge in it. A heavy eky does not necessarily portend a storm any more than a clear sky is a guarantee thal there will bc no thunderbolts. But, said thc Prime Minister, dealing; with only one phase of thc situation, "Thc difficulty is enormous; it is only by patience that it can bc to any degree Bolvcd." And what is true of the Turkish question is equally true of the other problems that ure looming in thc Fur Fast. Thc Duke of Devonshire, who was speaking ut Leeds at thc same lime that thc Prime Minister was ad- dressing Ilia neighbours at Watford, naturally left to thc latter thc responsibility of saying anything or nothing upon foreign aliairs. Hut bc uttered a few words to which thc habitual caution of tho speaker gave peculiar significance. " It is idle," he said, " to dis- guise tho fact that both in the East of Europe and in the East of Asia events are oc- curring which may affect very great in- terests of this country, und the time may be approaching when it may bc necessary for us to appeal to men of all political parties for that sympathy with the British Government which Lord Rosebery promised in his own name, and in that of bis friends, would be afforded to them in everything which related to these questions, the gravity and urgency of which bc knew so well. Thc Duke of Devon- shire is not an alarmist, nor are his warnings nuM.«i.. .i....:.. u... ,i,n" ;.,c;r" ti.» reticence of responsible Ministers. France, for oue thing, bas now got rid of thc Madagascar difficulty, and ber eagerness tn do so is attributed to thc unsettled state of affairs in Europe. From the text of the treaty concluded between thc Republic and the Queen of Madagascar, which has just been published in Paris, it appears that thc Quceu recognizes and accepts the protectorate of France with all it» consequences. Thc Government of the French Republic will bc represented at the Court of the Queen by a resident general who will represent Mada- gascar in all foreign relations ; he will con- trol tlie internal administration of the island, and all questions concerning foreigners in Madagascar will be dealt with through bim. Thc Queen of Madagascar undertakes to in- stitute thc reforms which the French Govern- ment Bball deem requisite for thc exercise of its protectorate, as well as for the economic development of the island and the progress of civilisation. The whole of thc expenditure on the public services in Madagascar and the service of the debt will be secured by the revenues of the island, and tho Government of thc French Republic assumes no responsi- bility on uccount of the engagements, treaties, or concessions which the Government of her Majesty thc Queen of Madagascar may have signed previous to thc signature of thc present treaty. Senator Chandler, of the United States, boldly predicts u war between Great Britain and America, with Russia as thc ally of the United States and the acquisition of Canada as the sure result. Now, if there is one thing in which the better class of thc citizens of the United States and those of England agree cordially, it is that a war between the two nations would be thc most unnatural and suicidal struggle that ever took place. What the end would bc, even with Russia as thc ally of the United States, no living man, save of the type of Senator Chandler, would venture to foretell. But there exists at present no conceivable pretext that would justify such a quarrel, of which thc certain results would be a terrible loss of life, an enormous des- truction of property, thc ruin of no small portion of thc agricultural population of the State, and a disastrous blow to the commerce of both countries. No petty squabble over a miserable little Central American Republic like Venezuela could possibly justify such u fratricidal duel, and there is no reason to doubt that in thc future, as in the late past, thc two great Anglo-Saxon nations would be always ready to submit any question between them to peaceful negotiation, rather than to the dread arbitrament of thc sword. lu view of tuc unsettled condition of affairs the Executive of tho Navy League is losing no opportunity of urging upon thu colonies the advisableness of entering into some businesslike arrangement with the mother country. So far the Cape and Natal seem to be the only colonies that, have given any attention to thc matter. What the Imperial Federation Defence Committee, in other words, the Navy League, is strongly advocating is that the Government of this country Hhould lay before thc Governments of tho self-governing colonies a plain statement of the facts of the case, and that, their co-operation in thc future should be invited. Of course it would bc per- fectly open to them to decline their co- operation, but by this menus it is argued we should obtain an authoritative statement from these colonies as to whether they re- quire the defence of the Imperial navy or not. General Booth, whose progress through the Australasian colonies seems to bc watched with a considerable amount of interest on this side, ought to bc extremely well satisfied with the result of the tenth annual self denial week of thc Salvation Army. So far as can at present be ascertaiued the result shows that £30,670 has been received, com- pared with £27,414 laBt year. The largest amount comes from the United Kingdom, of course-£16,920 compared with £10,131 in 1894\. Next comes Australia with £13,760 as against £11,283. South Africa, America, Canada, France, Switzerland, Sweden, and Denmark have yet to make their returns. Further particulars are awaited herc as to the tract of land offered to General Booth by Mr. Rhodes and the conditions on which it is to bo granted. It is known that tho Premier of thc Cape Colony regards the work of thc Salvation Army with favour, but he would be one of the first to object to peopling any portion of thc Chartere i Com- pany's territory with nce'r-do- wclla from thc "Old Country." When tile Lord Mayor-Sir Joseph Rcnals -(who by tho way has just had a baronetcy bestowed upon bini) visits Australia esrly in the new year-and he has secured" passages for himself and wife in the P. and O. steamer Arcadia, leaving on the 20th of December-he will doubtless make inquiries as to thc openings for desirable emigrants in the colonies, as he has always evinced s great interest in the labour question. He has just addressed to Londoners, through thc presB, an appeal for workers in the cause of the poor during the convine winter. This appeal diners from those to which every winter accustoms us, in that it asks not pecuniary sid but personal service. Lord Mayor Renais proposes thc extension of H system which has been gradually developed during the past two or three winters, but still falls very far short of completion. Thc original plan was that London should bc divided up into districts, with a more or less manageable population, and thut each of these districts should be looked after by s local committee, which should be representa' rive of all religious bodies and charitable organisations. The plan is an excellent one provided the committees do not get into tht hands of those gentlemen who aro sc absorbed in seeing that nothing goet to tho undeserving that they do nol find opportunity to aid the deserving, It is gratifying to note that the Centra! Committee has not abandoned the idei of providing useful work in prefcrtoot lo offering charity to tho able-bodied. One of thc requirements of the Committee is a " labour secretary " to the Central Com- mittee, for the purpose of endeavouring to find work for thc deserving unemployed. It is true that all thc experiments in this direc- tion have not succeeded, but a sufficient success has attended them as a whole to warrant thc expectation that with ripening experience satisfactory results may lie the rule. After ten years of varying fortunes, the German colonies appear to have got over the worst of their troubles, and wc are asked to look for developments both in Africa and New Guinea, in the near future. South-west Africo, which has for u long timo been con- sidered by a great many people to be nat worth the money invested in it, and which Count Caprivi, un avowed antagonist of German colonies in general, was ready to give way for a mere song, is now attracting greater attention every day, and the opinion is spread- ing that this is thc only colony where German immigration ou u larger scale can bc antici- pated with every probability of success. This feeling is lo a great extent cine to the example of enterprising English companies and capi- talists. People in Berlin are begiuniug to regret that in consequence of the shyness of German capitalists largo territories with great privileges have beeu granted to these English companies, who, it is thought, arc delaying the sale cf land in thc hope of its rising in vuluc. This is considered an obstacle to tho immigration of Gcrmau settlers, and pressure will, therefore, bc brought to bear on thc German Government to proceed with the sale of Crown land, stopped seine time ago at the request of thc companies, who will now be brought under thc pressure of Government competition. The genial Queenslander, Mr. Pritchard Morgan, M. P., who is now on a visit to Western Australia, is a strong believer in " Golden Wales," in fact he may he said to be thc pioneer of Welsh gold mining. The views he entertains ure strongly supported by Mr. J. J. Williams, Raubon, who was born in Ballarat, and whose first clear remembrance of mining is of being let down a gold minc there in a bucket by means of a windlass. Mr. Williams declares of his own knowledge that gold reefs well defined arc to be found in Wales in abundance. Moreover, he is pre- pared to Rend a hundredweight of quartz which shall assay gold to anyone who will pay carriage. His opinion is that the local gold mines have been fooled in the working by in- sufficient capital used unsystematically. He deprecates the lack of modern appliances, and declares that there is practically no machinery except that at thc Morgan mine. Whit Wales wants, in his opiuion, is an ex- pert development of her gold resources. Captain the Hon. Maurice Bourke, who hat just been appointed Commodore on the North American Fisheries Station, was cap- tain of thc ill-fated Victoria when she went down io the Mediterranean with that popuUi Australian commander, Admiral Tryon, on board. Captain Bourke is the second son ol Lord Mayo, who was assassinated wheu Governor-General ot India, and heir presump- tive to his brother, the present earl. He ii one of the most popular and seamanliki officers in thc service. His new command involves thc superintendence of two othei vessels besides bis own, and ÍB one necessi tating considerable tactr for during the bcttei part of the year they ure separated from, tin main squadron, and the disputes between tin Newfoundlanders and the French fishermei are constant and bitter. Thc official announcement of the betrothal of her Royal Highness Princess Maud, daughter of the Prince and Princess of Wales, to his Royal Highness Prince Charles, second son of thc Crown Prince and Crown Princess of Denmark, will have been warmly welcomed in every colony of the Empire. Princess Maud is the youngest, and perhaps for that reason the pot, of the Marlborough House family. She is not the youngest born, as the sixth child of the Prince and Princess of Wales died in infancy. In the intimacy of thc family circle she is known as "Harry." Like ber sister. Princess Victoria, she is a daring horsewoman, loves to ride to hounds, and is suspected of being a good shot. She is thoroughly domesticated, as, indeed, all thc three Princesses arc. Denmark, which lakes so keen an interest iu butter-making, will rejoice to hear that the Princess Maud is en expert butter-maker. She and her sisters were taught in thc dairy which is personally supervised by the Princess of Wales al Sandringham. The Princess goes from oue of the greatest Courts in Europe to one of thc smallest, but there will be little or no change in thc dignity and im- portance of her surroundings. Prince Charles is first cousin to Princess Maud and was born at Charlot tenlund on the 3rd of August, 1872, so that lin is nearly three years the junior of his fiancúc. He is an officer in the Danish navy, and is accounted an amiable prince and a promising officer. Trained in the Marine Academy of Copenhagen, he early availed himself of opportunities to make long cruises in outlying parts of tho Danish dominions. He spent much time in the West Indes on a man-of-war and won his first laurels os a marine lieutenant of thc Hciudnl, which was sent to Iceland lo chase and capture British trawlers. He is described as quite an Englishman in his love of sport, and he was the first to introduce the cycle to the Danish Royal family. Long before this reaches you your readers will have heard by cable of the proposed banquet to the new Governor of Queensland, Lord Lamington. His lordship does not leave until the middle of January, and the dinner will not take place until thc eve of his departure. Thc dinner promises to be a big success. A preliminary meeting was held this week, and this has resulted in the appointment of a most influential committee, including Sir Thomas M'llwraith, Sir James Garrick, Sir Arthur Hodgson, Sir Edwyn Dawes, Mr. T. Archer, C.M.G., the Hon. H. S. Littleton, the Hon. H. Finch-Hatton, M.P., Mr. J. W. Dickinson, Mr. A. M'llwraith, Mr. M. D. M'Eaeharn, Mr. R. Clayton, Mr. C. S. Dicken, C.M.G. (who is now Acting Agent-General), Mr. I". Mills, M.P., Mr. K. Robtnsou, Mr. C. R. Smith (who was Atde-de-caaip to the Marquis of Normanby when Gover- nor of Queensland), Mr. O. dc Satgó, Mr. H. Wcld- Blundell, Mr. J. Stevenson (late member of tho Legislative Assembly), and Mr. Critchcll. Mr. Dicken, who took tho chair at the ineetin:;, was requesteil to see Lord Lamington to urran^e u date, and it was decided that a lotter be for- warded to the Right Hon. J. Chamber- lain, M.P., thc new Secretary of State for the Colonie?, asking him to occupy the chair. I understand that a number of the electors of North St. Pancras have expressed u wish to join in thc celebration, 80 that the banquet will be quite n big affair. 