Queensland Parliament. Gallery Notes. THURSDAY. The strong breeze which made things so disagreeable outside the Legislative walls on Thursday had its counterpart within the august Chamber. Quite early In tbe proceedings Mr. M'Donald, member for Flinders, put to the Treasurer the question, of which he had given notice, as to the amount of money paid in fees by the Government to the Attorney-General since his taking pffice. It won evident from J4r. Nelson's toanner that h* mid not purpose satis fying Mr. M'Donald's curiosity. He prefaced his refusal, however, by certain pointed remarks touohing the abuse of the privilege of .asking questions. He remarken that there was no Act of Parliament or Standing Order to compel Ministers to answer the questions of hon. members, and he said plainly that future queries must not contain implied facts which were not facts, and that there must be no ambiguity. Mr. Glassey soon afterwards had an Important announcement to make. He for once and all desired it to be under stood that he had been appointed leader of the Labour party. " What party ?" asked Mr. Nelson. " The Labour party," was the response. " There is no such party known," retorted Mr. Nelson, and regarding the interruption as uncalled for, Mr. Glassey remarked that if the House did not desire to hear him, he would not proceed. However, he went on ; and while explaining his position, hinted that it had been represented to him that he had been guilty of a breach of Parliamentary etiquette in not having made the announcement earlier. In concluding, he said they were there to promote legislation for the well-being of the colony, and any endeavours in that direction would have the hearty support of his party, no matter from what side they emanated. The debate on the Address in reply was resumed by Mr. Morgan, who to a large extent took upon himself the role of mentor. His criticism was, how ever, extremely good-natured, and characterised by a broad and liberal spirit. Mr. GJassey's unemployed figures claimed his attention, as well as what he described as the Labour leader's extra ordinary action of the previous night In springing a motion on the House, and thus compelling members to vote against a reform which they would be prepared to support as a separate measure. The Minister for Lands' administration of that department, too, came in for a share of healthy criticism. To be brief, his opinion of that administration was that It was neither vigorous nor sympathetic, and its operations were confined to very narrow grooves. The Premier's con nection with a certain political organisa tion also furnished the target for a few well-directed shots. But though fault finding, Mr. Morgan was fair, and as a matter of fact gave the Government more credit than they claimed, particu larly in respect of the finances of the colony, and the alterations made in the railway rates. He maintained, however, that there was no N demand for federation, and that the proposed expenditure on behalf of further cable communication was not warranted. The two other points which chiefly claimed Mr. Mor gan's attention were the necessity for putting the Agricultural Lands Purchase Act into operation and for the institution of a system of differential endowment to local bodies. Mr. Morgan's speech was weighty and argumentative, a fact which both sides of the House heartily recognised when he resumed his seat. No one from the Government side of the House offering to rise, Mr. Groom took the floor. In some respects his speech may be said to have been de voted principally towards emphasising the contentions advanced by the gentle man who had preceded him. At any rate, this was so as far as the lues-lions of railway freights and the Agricultural Land Purchase Act were concerned ; but he defended the Minister Cor Lands, while casting blame on one of the officers of his department. He addressed him self to the question of interest, believing that the time had arrived when Parlia ment should legislate upon It. He further had a proposition to assist the farmers. by borrowing a million, to' be lent out to them on easy terms. Judging by his criticism of the prospective legislation, the Goverment have little to fear from the " father of the House." Mr. G. Thorn, of course, had " just a word" to say. lie posed as tho cham pion of the Minister for Lands, and also as an advocate of railway extension —in the first phice, to complete the main Northern trunk line, and, secondly, to secure the South-western trade ngainst the encroachments of our Southern neighbours. He was bold enough to hint that Hockhampton was in danger of removal to Broadmount, to pi event which he had a scheme that would give Hockhampton the necessary protection. He did not publicly describe the scheme ; possibly it finds a pjace in " thut little book" of which members each session have heard so much. Mr. Curtis followed. For the next ten minutes there was a strange co mingling: of railways and separation. He set out by declaring that if the colony .was suffering a revival it was by no means due to any action of the Govern ment, but to the recuperative powers of the country. '.He asserted, in fact, that had there been .no Government at all for the past three years, the colony would have gone on all right. He attacked the administration of the Lands Depart ment, and urged that, if Treasurers were allowed to shelve accumulated deficits by the funding of stock, it would lead to the establishment of an objectionable precedent.- The programme was net a satisfactory one to him, while the pro posed Hughenden-Wlnton Railway was even less so. He was bitterly opposed to it: it would create bad feeline :it would be an invasion of " our" territory and an unfriendly act; - *It - w«b- rf- matter for regret that no mention of separation was contained in the Speech. Rock hampton would have separation, and in that question Rockhanipton would recog nise no authority but an' Imperial one. In concluding, Mr. Curtis expressed him self as thoroughly converted to the Glad stone-Rockhampton connection, at which remark Mr. JBoles lifted his eyebrows— and his voice—murmuring " hear, hear." The day had so far been one of sur prises. Another awaited, for Mr. Nel son rose to speak. When he did so there was a round of applause. He com menced by expressing surprise that menr berr'rfhbuld attach so much Importance to the Speech—the fact was there was nothing in it. This statement elicited loud laughter, which in turn called forth the remark from the Premier, " You seem to laugh at the discovery that there was nothing in it." " No," said some one, "We laugh because you admit it." Mr. Nelson went on. to say that the Speech bound the Government to nothing, that it was mainly intended to enable any who thought themselves strong enough, to put the Government out. Since that had been tried, and had failed, the Speech had served its purpose, and might be passed. Me Glassey's leadership of the .Labour party, which Mr. Nelson described as a faction, claimed much attention. The Premier went so far as to give his reason for so designating the Labour party, and called to his aid a German authority on party government. This writer denned a faction as a body which, instead of making itself serve the State, made the State serve it. This he held justified him in the use of the word faction. Ministerialists were immensely tickled with the application, and even more so when Mr. Nelson went on to read that although a faction might sink to very low depths it was quite possible for it to be raised and enobled into a party. He absolutely refused to allow any innovation to be made in Parlia mentary practice ; that he would not recognise " the faction" as a party, and that he could never work with them bo cause the Socialism they preached was opposed to the commonweal. But Mr. Nelson's best plums were at the bottom of the basket. Having dealt with some of the arguments advanced by several of the speakers he conde scended to disclose certain interesting information. Among other things, he saW the new Torres Straits service would be a monthly one, that refrige rated space would have to be provided on each steamer, and to some extent it would also meet the views of moderate immlgrationlsts. It was also one of the conditions of contract that immigrants should be carried at a less cost than hitherto. He thought if they could get some of the working farmers from Scot land, England, Ireland, and Germany who now migrated to America, it would be worth while for the Government to pay the difference between the passage money to America and that to Queens land. Touching public 'works, the Go vernment did not propose to spend more than could be obtained without raising any fresh loans. As a hint that this works policy meant more than that of last year, he told the House that the North Brisbane corporation had repaid £95,000 they had borrowed, and that the Government bankers had promised to pay up next week the first instalment (£166,666) of locked up deposits, which did not mature until 1899. Mr. Drake elected to reply to the Pre mier. He did so with considerable warmth, and his speech on the whole was generally acknowledged as being ?>ne of his beet efforts. Though evi dently more than ordinarily aroused by the Premier's pointed reference to the Opposition, or want of an Opposition, he attacked that gentleman .in a good tempered manner. His criticism of the Government programme was equally able, and was not devoid of suggestion. Mr. Kingsbury was the only other speaker, and when he had concluded the debute was adjourned, and the House rose till Tuesday. Tubbdat. Questions on Tuesday were by far the most interesting part of the formal busi ness brought forward in the Legislative Assembly. The first preferred was by Mr. Dunsford, who desired to know the cost of the recent Ministerial trip iv the Lucinda. The question was directed to the Colonial Treasurer, but Mr. Tozer answered it. In round figures the cost was £503. Mr. Dunsford had another question bearing on the same subject, but put to the Minister for Railways— namely, " What Is the total amount of expenditure for all special trains, or re serve carriages, run for the Ministerial and Parliamentary party during their recent visit to the Northern and Central districts of the colony ?" " £47 11s. lid. for all trains used by the Premier and other Ministers and members of the party/." replied Mr. Philp, promptly. Two questions put by Mr. Rawlings as to the intention of the Minister to re commend any alterations in the regula tions and a reduction in fees and rents, under the Mineral Lands Act, were also replied to by Mr. Phllp, who said both matters were under consideration. The member for Woothakata wanted to know when the present agreement as to Trea sury notes with the banks terminated, and whether the Government intended to renew the agreement on the present terms. Mr. Nelson took him in hand. The agreement, he said, terminated on the Ist January, 1896, if three months' notice were given, but as to the inten tions of the Government, well, they in tended, as in all other cases, to do what was best in the public interest. Mr. M'Donald then came upon the scene with two questions—one as to the amount of money lying to the credit of the extended deposit account in the Queensland National Bank. Replying to this, Mr. Nelson gave more informa tion than was wanted, conveying at the same time the news that on the Ist July there had been repaid in gold in Brit bflhe,, and. placed An. reserve Veyonek. the control of any bianky £186,674.  In reeJy to the second, Mr. Nelson stated that 385 station^ had paid the tobacco license, a"nd he added if Mr. M'Donald knew any that had not it was his duty to see the Collector of Customs. Mr. Browne resumed the debate on the Address in reply. In doing so he said he probably would not have spoken at all but for certain remarks which had fallen from the Premier touching the Labour party, or as Mr. Nelson had termed them, " the faction." These remarks, he contended, could not be accepted "with silence by any member who had any respect either for himself or the constituency he represented. He claimed that the action taken by Mr. Glaesey in proclaiming his- position as head of the Labour party, was to pre vent the misapprehension and (in the case of the Press) the misrepresenta tion of last ,year, and in "doing this he had acted in a way that no man could qavil at. In criticising the Speech, he denied that he was deficient in loyalty, a " corner" In which, he said, Beemed to have been made by members on the other side, with the member for Oxley as.head of the syndicate. The reference in the Speech to the Peace Preservation Act came in for lengthy criticism. In concluding, he urged amendment of the mining and electoral laws. . . . The member for Dalby followed. Mr. Bell was in a trenchant mood ; but the ■ most Important change was his strong support of the Government. Whether it was the action of Mr. Glassey- -jn attacking Dalby's represen tative in his own electorate (as Mr. Bell said he had done), or his inconsistency in refusing to work with the Opposition who supported many planks of the La bour platform,, while he professed to be lieve in measures, not men, which prompted It, is not apparent, but the fact remains that Mr. Bell could not sufficiently praise the Government. Turn- Ing to general matters, he expressed the opinion that the Communal Land Settle ment Act would succeed if smaller groups were formed. On the question of federatldn, Mr. Bell took a higher stand than that of " Will it pay ?" and wad somewhat surprised that Mr. Mor gan should not have looked above it. Mr. Bell, at any rate, inclined lo the more laudable, sentiment that it would be much mere noble to have a united country, with a united Parliament, and a united Government, than to remain " a lot of dissevered units, with half-a dosen Governments." The member for Oxley also praised the Government very warmly, but though there may have been no con nection in the mind of the hon. member, his compliments were followed very closely by the suggestion that the surplus should be devoted to the encouragement of agriculture. Mr. Dawson followed on somewhat novel lines, for while he congratulated the Government on having secured the services of a gentleman of such ability as Mr. Dalrymple possessed. Coming to the Premier's reception of Mr. Glassey's statement as to the Labour leadership, he referred to it as " a fur ther exhibition of political fanaticism," and (while urging the necessity for an Opposition) remarked that Mr. Glassey had no more right to state he had been elected leader of the Opposition than Mr. Nelson had the right to subscribe him self the Czar, of Russia. By way of contrast he quoted Sir Thomas M'll wraith's reception of Mr. Hoolan's leader* ship, and defied Mr. Nelson to eradicate the sentiments and principles of the Labour party from the politics of Queens land. His speech was exceedingly well delivered, and throughout claimed the undivided attention of the House. Mr. Dunsford, in waiting for'some one from the other side to take up the running, nearly lost his chance. Both he and Mr. Jackson made some good points, and Imported a little humour into the debate. Mr. Kerr held.the floor for the remainder of the evening, but he can scarcely be said to have held the members, who after Mr. Dawson's speech had made themselves exceedingly scarce. At ten minutes after 10 o'clock Mr. Kerr re sumed his seat, and on Mr. Boles's motion the debate was adjourned. In the Legislative Council there was an inclination to get a fair amount of business under way and to complete none. After some discussion on Mr. Thynne's motion for the adoption of the Select Committee's report on " Hansard," the debate was adjourned until to-day, and the debates on the Address in reply and on the second read- Ing of the Fencing Act Amendment Bill met with a similar fate. In the debate on the Address in reply, Mr. E. B. Forrest was rather severe In his hand ling of the cable proposals of the Go vernment, and the proposed anti-gamb ling legislation. Messrs. Brentnall and Thorneloe Smith made good speeches, the latter severely reflecting upon the Lands Department for settling people on bad land and expecting them to make agriculture a success there. Mr. Heussler spoke at length, and expressed himself strongly in favour of certain measures of Socialism—though not the Socialism of the Social Democrats—and In favour also of the Early-closing Bill. The House adjourned at 5.50 p.m. until the usual hour next day. Sir A. H. Palmer, President of the Legislative Council of Queensland, whose health was not by any means satisfac tory during last week, was so Indisposed as to be unable to preside at Tuesday's sittings of the Council. Mr. Brentnall, Chairman of Committees, acted as Presi dent in the absence of 81* A. H. Palmer. W«DI«M)AT. The first smile of the afternoon was drawn by Mr. Plunkett, who took the preliminary steps towards carrying out the Herculean contract of reducing the salaries of future Governors and Supreme Court Judges, and of limiting the number of Judges to four. The <J.N. Bank In still troubling the Labour Wfltv hiiU" witfia-view to obtaining ii'dfe tiii the subject, $Tri Itawllngs nfriF pouudeff a long ' question. 'Mr. Afelieir had something to say about native birttti at the Knoggera Waterworks, and asked what the Government would do if they found that a member of the board (whose name be mentioned) had been guilty of shooting them. The hum of voices which prevailed, regardless of the fact that Mr. Boles was on his feet, did not conduce to a suc cessful deliverance. The land laws and their administration lirst claimed the attention of the member for Port Curtis. So far Mr. Barlow seems likely to be overwhelmed with compliments. The already heavy load was added to by Mr. Boles. In view of all the abuse which has been during the past' two years heaped upon Mr. BarloW's head the chauge of front is by no means dis pleasing, though there is the danger of it becoming monotonous. But Mr. Boles spared neither the Land Board nor the clerks of petty sessions, who, in tho country at least, administered the land laws without knowing anything about the land, and whose combined function appeared to be to squeeze the greatest possible amount of money out of the selectors for the least possible area of country. He urged electoral reform on a system entirely his own, and whilodfc careful not to commit himself to flguresi^ he went so far as to say that there were very large numbers of unemployed going about the country. The member for the Logan took up the running, and attacked some very practical questions, chief among which were the advantages to be derived from an extension of dairy pro duce exportation and the necessity for the establishment of land banks on the German principle. In regard to the first named, he pointed to Victoria as an example of what might be copied with advantage, and to the greater facilities Queensland possessed, not only above Victoria, but Denmark, the great butter producing country. He advocated the sending of an expert to Denmark, where there was a perfect system of handling and absolute cleanliness. Necessity was perhaps the greatest recommendation for the establishment of a land bank, and experience was the test advanced in favour of the German principle. The State supervision and marking of meat received Mr. Stevens's commendation, and the Government, by their action in showing a surplus, likewise met with due appreciation. Mr. St. John Harding did not take much trouble to tone down hts condem nation of the administration of the Lands Department, which he frequently termed " a standing disgrace." Neither did be give the Government too much g^ credit for the surplus, which he thought W was largely due to the natural resources of the country. At the same time he gave them all the honour and glory of their work in searching for coal on the Central line—small thanks, perhaps; but an admission for all that. The con struction of the Bundaberg-Gladstone section of railway, the establishment of a Supreme Court at Kockhainpton, and, of course, Separation were matters to which immediate attention must be given.. ' Mr. llawlings, who opened with nuance and the member for North Bris bane, passed on to Mr. Glaasey and bis unemployed figures. He advocated cer tain amendments in the mining regula tions, and wound up by producing yards of resolutions in favour of a differential endowment to local bodies. Mr. Daniels simply "went for'? the Lands Department, singling out Mr. Hume, and demanding to be told who "the we" of that , department was who dared to set aside an -Act of Parliament. He like wise enlightened the House as to the method in which be had acquired his selections in the Central district Mr. Leahy, in the most successful man ner, administered a rebuke to Mr. Daniels and his party for stumping the country and claiming credit for passing a measure—the Grazing Homesteads Act —which they had done their best to pre vent being made law. In doing so he *• drew" the member for Cambooyn to such an extent that the Speaker had to interfere. Coming to the Ijands Depart- flp ment, he said that no Minister had tried harder than Mr. Barlow to administer, his office properly ; but as showing how signally he had failed he remarked that at every place he had visited, except his own electorate, the complaints against the administration were both long and deep. He censured those who had blamed the officers and heads of department Instead of the Minister, and touched, up the member for Warwick for his explosion of blank cartridge and stage thunder. Mr. Leahy felt some hesitation in touch ing such a large question as federation, but, nevertheless, he went into it at length, showing, to his own satisfac tion at least, that federation would par, and that it was desirable on even bighec ground b than that of money. The neces sity for a revision of the constitution of the Upper House and what he termed " the asinine report" of certain officials as to the danger to be feared from the rabbit Invasion, were also dealt with. " Wtien Mr. Barlow rose he was well received. He prefaced his remarks by Jflktytng (hat. hp r ns.a. Minister, could not in.tpe riick aud engage In the mud 'Mftging and .niuck-rnkjng wbloh bad peeu indulged Ju from various platforms, 'tie claimed the right from the floor of the House to make tt straightforward statement—a claim which was hailed with lusty " hear-iienrs" from the Labour benches. Taking the last speaker first be vouchsafed the information that the Surveyor-General had been despatched to the- rabbit country to make a confiden tial report. As regards tbe rents of set tled leases, the Government would In due course put a measure before the House which be hoped would meet with approbation. He remarked that no Go vernment bad sold less land than the one at present in office, denied that the Land Board fixed rents, and also some pf tbe statements made by tbe member for Burke relative to alleged wholesale selection of land by syndicates. Mr. Btevene's suggestion about a Danish dairy expert he regarded as worthy of notice, but be had some doubts as to his land bank proposition, principally on the ground that Australians were not suffi ciently homogeneous to Insure tbe sue , cess attained In Germany. He claimed that be bad continually acted on tbe policy of reducing rents, nud In as fair a •way as circumstances would permit, ftfr. Barlow skipped nothing. He even went into tbe difference In tbe price Of land as between tbe* squatter and the small man. He believed that It was de sirable ithat the rentals of the two classes of Crown lessees should be brought more Into proportion, but he failed to see bow tbe action of the Liberal Government, who made tbe con cession, could be gone back upon with out repudiation. At the same time he contended that tbe selector bad many advantages over the squatter, some of ; which he enumerated, and nearly the whole of which were disagreed with. Those wbo were under tbe Impression that there was a want of activity In the < Lands Department must have suffered < 9k, shock when Mr. Barlow read a long ■ list of lands open or proclaimed to be opened, covering 1184 grazing farms aggregating 7,500,000 acres, and 179 grazing homesteads aggregating 348,000 k acres ; and these totals were absolutely { Irrespective of projected openings and ■; tbe various surveys and inspections now • going on. The House generally seemed i to think this a very fair thing. Mr. r%a*4ow met tbe assertion that the best . Minister for Lands was Mr. P. Perking i with the remark that that gentleman \ bad had the Act of 1870 to administer, while he bad had to do with tbat of 1 1884. Mr. Barlow's utterances coneern > ing this latter measure could scarcely be construed as meaning tbat he was «satisfied with it, but there it was, and he could hardly be expected to alter It un less he were guaranteed a long lease of office. HU way of getting over the difficulty was by way of conference, on ■■ much the same lines presumably as was suggested lost session by Mr. Murray. He went deeply Into tbe withdrawals, valiantly defended both the Land Board and bis Under-Be<^ftry, and In a friendly and by no means unamusing manner detailed the circumstances at tending what he described as "The Daniels'* Estate," wbicb comprised some . 19,200 acres. Not that Mr. Barlow be grudged Mr. Daniels bis land ; on the contrary be welcomed him as a settler ; but he felt bound to put himself and his department right on the question. He \- gave his views as to the advlsableness of aiding agriculturists, and tbe way hi .which tbat aid should be rendered, and produced proof to show that if the com munal settlements had been a failure it bad not been through any fault of his, nor yet altogether attributable to the land on which they had settled. Messrs. Corfield and Ogden followed with brief but pithy addresses, after which, on the motion of Mr. Archer, the debate was adjourned, and the House rose. 