[?] ? -;;:'^ [NOW ''FiRST ' PUBLISHED.]' , ' ??'? 'r''rc- :''-': : ??'V''''' v ''?. ?,^.;''. J;]:;; U'?Y ..\\.-. .-.???'? ,'.--?'????'?? '??' ???.?:?.- .Author /of ?^'The^PirateV Ten^- 'f Tne,,Cpnyict; «hip,' 'The Wreck of the . ; ? ,? Grosvenor,'^ .-'My Danish Sweetheart,' ETC.y ETC. ?^.'L.-was .late! jr-',-,, reading ; Fenimore I Copper's, ??Homeward Bound' suid ths I venerablo ; silver-haired captain .of acute memory. 'It's a lively book, and : recall a old. times. Tet it's ex traordinary that any man possessed of tue least KnQwieugc or tne sea snouia have written it. . It is not that it is improbable — that might well be par doned in fiction, as you ? forgive it in that charming blunderful book. ,,'The Green .Hand' for instance. Cooper's, story is impoi^ajble. But I don't want to talk literary criticisms to. ,you ; ,1; mean ;to spin you ? an old-fashioned yarn; a memory 'of nearly fifty . years ago,. recalled to me by reading Coeper'a: book. '..?.'-:.., 'I was then second mate of a little ship belonging : to the river Thames, called the Sarah Newman. She w;u about six hundreds tons burthen. We counted in hundreds .-iiv those timts, in these you count in t.housanda., . That little ship of six hundred tons was a famous Atlantic passenger carrier, us popular iu l:er a«e as the latest born of the triumphant p'ated uiantessea of the. Clyde and . JUrsey. '. Yi_-fc s'ie.\vas not u fast bliip .; on the contrary, L don't think nhe was ever known; to exceed ten knols.' She had ^ot a name for safety. The public , loved her for her constancy.; j Even; when .sh-3 waa considerably everdue people were not concerned ubout her. Oh no, they'd, aay :? it's the Sally Newman: she's bound to turn up. And sure enough presently in the courae of days,- sup- posing her homeward bound from New York, they .signalled her off: the Liz zard, and live days later she'd be heard of as staggering against a head wind in the Gulls. .'I have a picture of her in my mind's eye; Heaven bless my heart ! but I do see that things have changed when I float her in, fancy alongside that splendid : steel pnssenger steam ship I was viewing the other day at the invitation of Messrs Wigan, Eich ardjon and- Company, of the Tyne, who certainly turn out magnificent work. I wonder what a saloon pns senger of' to-day stauding on some hurricane or promenade deck as high perohed as the Sarah Newman's main top would think o£ Mint. little snip as a cradle of the deep. How would he like to sail to Boston in her? Ytt in her duy, which wa3 a long one, she went stuffed with passengers, first, second, emigrants, to and fro, regular as the. pendulum of .a grandfather's clock. Her combats .with. tbe;Atlan- tic: were frequent, ; often terrific, al ways heroic, and even the Irish em igrants of base degree, the scowler who had killed an uncle in Tipporary, and was going across to settle — but to. settle other people mostly — even that gentleman,' said the silver-hairod captain, 'would find a friendly word iu his gtezsrd for the poor old Sally when he stepped ashore safe, and rag ged, sound and homeless, in New York. . ? ' Captain Henley was the master oE that ship when I went second mate of her. It was his first command of tho vessel/but he had long served her owners in other ships of theirs. He was a middle-aged man, plentifully grizzled, tall and spare, and a bit for bidding in his looks. I remember his jreat aquiline no3o and eye-brows which curled like mustachios, and a toot's depth of rugged wiry beard. [?Ie-was the last man you would have picked out as the master of the ship imongst the crowd of people on hor Seeks. ; Nevertheless, there sailed but jf the port of London in those days if incomparable seamen no mariner superior in skill to'Captain Henley. ' One Monday morning found u« iii Plymouth Sound, with the anchor down and the ship full of people. The captain had gone ashore, and I heaid from the mate that we ' waited for him and hi'm'only. But detention of hours running into days in those ambling times of tacka ami sheets weie thought no'liinj*; of, excited littlo nntability, was taken as an expected detail of the voyage. Noiv-a-dayH they dare not lose a minute for fear of their ?' record.' It is good 'fur tho passengers, but give me, as captain, the old oasy-going, plenty-oE-tlme con ditions. ' It was a line, bright morning. Tiie water streamed in flashes. Many little white clouds were sailing under the blue sky, and some old-fashioned craft were under way, slowly, surging past under immense bosoms of top sails, which made them look buxom, as hearty old house-wives. Our decks forward were crowded with' emigrants, Babies were crying, children were larking in the scuppers, or scrambling amongst the feet of the people. Wo men with s'jawls 'over th'ir heada dis coursed in pationt groups. The bul wark rail from the forecastle to the gangway was alive with the poor crea turi s who overhung it, staring moat wistfully with many a woeful visage at the beautiful prospect of English land. They were leaving home for ever, but the oountry that was exiling them in poverty and misery, the toil that could produce no bread for them and their children, yet held their hearfcd, which eeemod to break with thought of being torn away. ' Aft we wore a go:-dly company of well-dressed ladies and , gentlemen, most of whom had oome on board the previous^ night on our arrival at Fly mouth, ' Our topsails bung loose by their, gear. ; h Blue Peter was : flying at the fore.-; ; The ; hour was about 'halt'-, past ten ; a lino inspiriiiug ,s.-ene it wan/, -After' Sydney HarbuUr.I know no sweeter 'piece of coast scenery thun. Plymouth --Sound. Several men ; of war were moored- near Drake Island, and— I scarcely knew why — 1 found my sight dwelling on a small, .rather handsome ten-gun brig; with lofty raking masts, and long' forking bow-; sprit and jibooms, ste'eved at an angle of forty-fi vii degrees. She rode hardly, head on to its, within a musket shot, and I noticed that her bows had something of the apple curves of ours, and that *ho waa indeed preposter ously broad for her length : she showed; a swell oE side.-like the bilge of -a eask,. and her Iitt e show of guns grinned in their ports along the wide painted streak. ' Tho chief mate of our ship was a. man named Bonham.' He was at this time talking with the doctor at the head of the; poop steps, and both seemed to look with so i e impatience towards Plymouth town. In fact, it was odd certainly that the captain should detain' his own ship.; An; off shore breeze was blowing a fine, fav ourable wind for a down-Channel course. .It. v- as good weather for giv iug the groaning point of Cornwall; our stern, and heading out for that broad ocean in- which gales of xyind and ice seas and ! icebergs may be found all the year round. ?' . 'Some occasion— -I forget, what— took me below into the cuddy , a strange, old-world picture ; ruby tinctured panels rich as old 250rt' in dye, and littlo cabin doors, a beauti fully fluted shaft of mizzen-mast with a piano secured to it, a long nar row dining table, ferns and ilowers.in the skylights, '?' and people writing letters down to the last moment roa-ly to send ashore. ' 'When might this hooker propose to sail ?' said a jrentloman drawling the question in his nosa. ' 'When the captain comes aboard, sir,' I answered. ' 'Is the water smooth out in the open ?' asked a stout la ly with a yel low skin. ''There'll bo a bit of a hoave no jloubt, ma'am,' said I. ' 'Enough for us all, bet your boots,' jxclaimed the gentleman ; ' when wus the blistered English Channel ever known to lay motionless ?' : ' 'I've seen it ?!! i-heet calm then,' idid I ; clock smooth, oil-faced to the verge, without breath in its breast to lif t and sink a whurry.' 'That young man is going out to take chargo of a comic paper,' said the American gentleman, coolly, heed less of his lie reaching me as I Leisurely went on deck by the com panion steps. , When I was above and looked around I saw a shoru boat making for the ship. In a few minutes she approached, and in the stern sheets sat Captain Henley and another man ; ii person in a white wideawake drawn low over his eyebrows, and a cloak of the bandit er Cobur^ school. The mate went to the 'gangway to receive them. ' ' Another passenger !' grumbled the doctor, turning to me. 'We shall be as full as tho ark if they keep on coming. Gad, sir, but 'I don't even like the thought of my lespjnsibilitios! and he scowled at the mass of people forward. ; ' Tho commander and the man in the wide-awake passed swiftly into the cuddy. After a few minutes Captain Henlev came on deck and ordered the windlass to be manned. Amidst a lofty, far-rjaching chorus, the anchor came to tho bows; the t-psail 'yards mastheaded, and the little ship slowly broke the water and begun her voyage. 1 1 had before sailed with Captain Ilenloy, and knew the man. At this hour I was busy in tlie waist and quarter- deck, full of the business of the ship ; and still I found leisure to notice th.it his impatience showed as a sort of uneasiness, as though in fact he had come aboard scared. Was that it? Anyhow he wai for crowding sail ; -we were scarce claar of the Sound when he ordered studding-sails to bo set— =-ratJicr unusual in the Chan nel even in those days, nnd the broad beamed craft with her- crowd«d docks rolled stately under three spires, a great cloud of white upon the sea. '' All the while sail w.is making .the captain cilled out orders with excite ment. When everything fie ship could carry was on-her he calmed down and answered the question? oE- the passengers with short bows and a hard face. I thought he was ill, or that the on« laat drop in some buoiper of fare well ashore had proved too much. ? 'The cud ly folk went to dinner at three o'clock, and the matter oE the captain's looks and bohaviour pussed out of my head. I had charge of tho ship. Everybody belonging aft, in cluding the mate, was caning at the cabin table, everybody, I mean, except tho. sick. The land about Rame's 'Head lay blue, faint and delicate, upon the star-boirl quarter. The breeza was merry and the ocean rolled in froth, and tho ship bowed a large hea.l of foam out of evory sea she shouldered A fow vessels ,wer« in sight. .1 saw some blue squaro shadows on the bow and some like pearl on the horizon abeam. 1 A sail was astern, her bull was out oE sight, but' something in , her looks even all that way off ciuse.1 me to point the ship's glasses at her, and at tliu instant that I made her out to be a man-of-war a ball of white smoke wont shredding up off the crystal edge of tho tea under h«r forecburse, and' pre sently tlie faint report came along like a single knock on ' the door over the way. To whom' was she signalling, and why at her forn ? A whole strino; of flags wero.then ny.in«. ' ,1 .turned'?to put down .the glass and saw! the -;ap-, tain. 'He walked to the ' compass',] seemed uot to', observe1 the ship 'astern' at firat, then started! on catching sight ;of her and called to' me to hand him the glass. He examined her long and searchin»ly. '. ? .,'''' . . /' I can'tdistinguishjt'hoijo signals;' ta:d iie. ' Your; fmen-ofVwar' are al ways humbugging with' 'bunting'.' , ' ' . , '' He Has fired ii'gun,' sir,' said I. '' 1 ' He made no answorj and after, a steady staro at the sail. a-tcrn and an anxious look aloft-, lie. went below ' tp! Resume hie seat and his dinner. ' : , ' After he was1 gone I ' watched the1 distant ship: through theglas^'but did not see that he, again fired' a gun. : lie was under a great pre^s, 'and the flags gavea look of urgency1 to.'that'lustrous. moon of milky whitenens rising slowly but of the seiij and foot by foot gain ing upon us. ? But I 'had plenty of other things to. think of:', the voy'nge was boguu : I was ? in charge of a' ship clotheil to tlie trucks and overkurisi like a milkmaid with her can, and it was blowing meriilly; -and then' again' I was excesdingly hungry nod thought often 6E my dinner which I should not gt*t' till the people below were finished. ' The ' captain came up two or three times whilst the passengers sat at table and on each occasion stored long through the glass. at- the white heap in the tail of our wake. Presently the mate arrived. He stood a moment looking round him, then catching s'ght of the man-of-war, he said quickly, 'That ship wants us.' ' ' It's for us she heads, with signals blowing and a gun just now, anyhow,' said I. ??;.'? , ' ' Has the /captain, observed her ?' , 'Been three or four timea looking at her.' 11 And said nothing?' ' Nothing, sir.' 'Then if it's not his, it's the busi ness of no other man in this ship.' ' He picked up the telescope never theless, and 1 went below to get my dinner. 'The people had finished eating, and the ladies were mostly on deck or in their c.ibins A few gentlemen re mained at table nibbling at the desert. One of these was the man who had cime aboard with the captain from Plymouth. Ho was a rnltier curious looking person, bald, dark, black bearded, a darting nervous expression of eye, a trick of polishing his head as if to paste down or comb his faculties together. He sat alono and was not. addressed by the others; and soon after I had taken my place at the table, he arose and disappeared Jn lhe£ captain's' cabin. ? .' 'It was 'all hands' with us' that first day out; there was much - to bo done. It ble.v frqah in the afternoon ; we were out of sight of land, and the weight of the Atlantic was in the edged and curling surge our bluff bows burst into smoke.- The captain held on, however, with his studding sails, though they were cloths mo; e canvas thaa we needed. The sailors saw it, and often oast their eyes aloft with gloomy looks of expectation ; some thing must cirry away ; there would be a mess anil trouble. Those of the pissenge:'s who were not sea aick seemed well pleased with the ship's pace, and often paused in their walk to view the race of- froth alongside. 'By one. bell in the first doV-watch the ship in our wake had risen her hull, till through the glass you could see the white tremble of hor line of hammocks above the horizon as she soared on the heave into tho sunset red air. The crystal smoke was Hying from her- forefoot, and the signals of the morning still flow at the fore. She had taken in her lower and topgallant Siiud'linir sails, and was surely the swifter for being the easier.' ? On the other hand the Sally was dragging her channels under water, broad and mas sive platforms filled with dead-eyes and shrouda ; there were threo of them of a side, and as the little ship ripped thorn through tho roaring green brine, Hushed with tho westering light} you felt the desperate drag of them in a sort of pause in the whole reeling fabric. 'No doubt the pasaeDgers had spe culated about the intentions of the ship as'ern, and had asked tho captain questions ; they scorned perfectly satis fied. Tbey Hcarcoly sent ft look at her. She waa a man-of-war bound our way, and presently she would shift her helm and be off on some West African or Mediterranenn course. That's what tho passengers had been made to b* lievo, and there was no earthly reason why' tho' -view tho captain took should not be the right one; only tj whom 'ind for what purpose was that chap astern-signalling in' a .length of bunting from his fore royalniast head ? At this1 hour, nothing ;biit a few dim specks of ships were in sight. ' The'lmuting then was unquestionably meant for us. And then again, why was Captain Henley pressing his littlo ship so fu riously ? The great square of lower studding, sail 'ilooked e^ch ; time ths round bows soared to ths .rushing ridge as if it must lift tho whole ship cle:i.n out o£ th.e s:a, and T was thankful when tho ciptain told me to take it in. 'After she .had been eased- of this, and the topgallant studding sail she seemed to thrust through it more stead ily. At sunset, just .t littlo while bo foro it foil dark, the man.of-war.iired a gun. She had^ Tis«n now to tho streak of her artillery, aud hml -hauled down her signals. A moonless night wns at hand, the wide Atlantio spread ahead. It was cle.u1 from his steady pursuit and his firing tha1; he bad particular business with us. ' ' Don't tho captain mean to shnrtr en canvas and wait .- for . him '?'£' said/ Mr. Bonham to me. 'I suppose' ,ho, knowshe's a man-of- war? It's /thatj brig I fancy, that ten gun affair, a bit oE a beauty, I thought, with.her raking masts and sky tail' pole's.'1 '' ' '' ' 'Another gun,!- snid I. , .., ,. ,. ., ' The i'flash of the bow chaser winked in crimson in the windy darkling dis tance. ,.I fancied ho iwould b.e.throwing a:shot.in,-. his .impatience, ,but..if that; cannon,. was, loaded,, iio.b≪, hurt ;ua, or struck;the water withiu sight,, .,, . .,.',.-, . '.'This .gun... raided,, the .wonder, of some of tho passengers, and as I, paced tljedeck, athwartships on: the lookout I jiicard them askiug.'one another why the man pf war. was.pursuing the ship ?; Avliaf was ..wrong, with, us,'? why the. capta'n didn't stop .?,.a'nd. the like. frBut thijroAvas,, riot. much said iaTthatjWay. ?which .met . iny ears.; -Iu. ti;uth,,.the pepple, were stransrers : one to., another, ?iivd.conyersed ..distantly. .It was cold too, and they did not .much haunt tho, pOOp.,.. ,..-..! -,,; ;,. ... , , , ?; -. ( .. ; J,,.. ; ; : 'TIip captain, .ceaselessly paced, the deck aft. ? He , had heard tho gun and could see. tho ship, as well as the best of us with eyes and ears. IT«V had not chosen. to take any notice of the signal, and 1 should have received a maledic tion perhaps as. an instructive idiot had I called his attention to what he clearly did not. .mean to observe. When it was dark he was joined . by the man who had come off with'hiin from Ply mouth. This person was smothered up in hia bandit cloak and a p lint of ciuar glowed under the brim of his wide awake, dragged low on his brows. I went into the cuddy sooa after this being relieved by Mr. Bonham, aud got something to eat, and when I again returned on deck it was midnight and the middle watch had begun. A dark night. The wind was strong and a high, sea ran, and in the frothing plunge of the ship the image of the fabrics showed itself in blackness, clear as a shadow cast by moonlight upon , snow. She was under all plain sail, the yards braced something forward, and the royala and mi/.zen topgallant sail were too much for her, but the male told me tho captain's orders were that the officer oE the watch waa to hang on to everything to the last ex-' tremity. ' ' And meanwhile,' said he, 'we're of£ our course.' ' How's that, sir ?' said I. looking at the empass that stood in front of the foremast skylight, and observing, after a moment or two, that Mr. Bonham was right. ' Oh.' he exclaimed drily, ' we're to lose that ship astern, that's all Not very gracious of the Sally Newman. Not often do you meet with the like of such discourtesv at sea betwixt the red flag and tin? ciimson cross of the same nation. However, the course is ns. I have named it, and so goodnight,' and down lie went. 'Several times during my four hours watch tlio captain came on deck. He arrived subtly, onzing out of the companion way liko a shadow, aud I'd start to find him beside me, or when I'd soe another figure near the wheel where my sight for a half-hour past was used to one. He did not addressme nor did he stay long at a time. Once I saw him sweeping the sea on the weather quarter and astern with the night glass. When he was gone I took the liberty of levelling the glass myself. I had no ihought of looking before. Now gazing very searchingly, and lotting the lenses slide very slowly over the rugged and working edge of the waters, I sudden ly caught sight of a shadow. It was a ship hanging steady and squnre, well oa our quarter. I could not dis tinguish hor rig. Tho j^lass told me no more than that sho was a vessel. I watched her a littlo to observe if she was blowing 6aBtwards, or steer ing our way, aud soon discoverad that her course was ours'. ' I sought for more ships but saw none, then put the glass down and paced the deck for warmth. I did not know for certain that the captain had observed the phantom vessel on our quarter. Had he done so I think he would have lojked more than once at her. I did not notico that he had let tho glass dwell iu the direction of the ship, lie waa a middle-agod man and his sight was not mine. Our little chip tore through the seas during that middle watch in thunder and foam, burying herself in high Hashes oC brine, leaning till the roar ing yeast was flush with the lee rail. But all the same wheu I went below at four o'clock, the phantom oil the quarter had not shifted it» position. ' 1 slept in tho steerage and was disturbed by a sense oC commotion rather than by. any particular noise above, though there was a sound us of hurry and excitement iu the cabiu whore the saloon passenger's berths wero. It was seven o'clock — a line morning, the ship rolling regularly on a high beam sea. I put on my coat and cap and htflpped on deck, sus pecting there was something in the wind, as they say : and the instant my head was through tho hatoh I saw one of those boautiful sea pieces of which tho past was fuller, suroly, than the present. Ho was ti fino man-of-war brig tha^had been lying iu the sound olt Drake. LJund. Tie was to the windward of in, withiu easy talking dminee under full broast* of star vhito cloth : his shin ing form sank sloiV o*d softly into the softness of the' froth which boiled around it, and when ho to p, stiff as a pillar of marble, to 'the br iw of the sea, you cuught tho red glint of his ooppor under tr-o white baud that cir cled, the hull ' A man Btood on oho oil the guns of the quarter dect, and t was in t the not of hailing us as I stepped. up the poop ladder', lie waa dressed, in- a monkey coat nnd his hoad was clothed in a Reu'-wrest cap, which gave him the look of a surly sen-dog on that fine.rnornipg of sunshine and breeze, He held a speaking trumpet, but' did not(.rise it-to hail us. , ?''j 'JShip'_ ahoy!' came .down iu thundor from that square man's lungS.^ -., ???;. ? y ,rj ' ' ?? , . ,,,, ?: ' Elallo! 'answered Captain Henley, who.;8tpod right aft._ . The „ poop . was half full of excited men and women, and our bulwarks were alive with figures , to,, ;-tliet, ye-y,-' eyes ', of. ;the. skJR- ':'??'?'-'. t.'.-l}.'.,' :,:-! X,'i '':?., - V'. ?:'. ? ..' jVVhy .don't, :you, attend to iny sig nals . nnd back your topsail ,?' , . , , ... ,,','You have no business to detain mrf roared back Captain Henley. .. .,;! '' 'This is Her ; Mnjestyjs .brig Pene lope,', tliunderedthe figurp on tho gun; pointing straight. up witch's trumpet to the long .pennant strouming like a gleam of light aloft. ' It is, believed that you,have a m!\n on b.-,ard who.is wanted by.peoplo in, .this vessel, armed with the necessary instruments to_ ap prehend ,hira, and;ifvou:dp not choose . to back your, topsail and, , to,- let me send a boat aboard of you I. will; lire into , ;you ., and „ continue. ,.to, firo into you until I have .wrecked you. aloft by Gawd !' and you saw the rage, the man was in by; the way in which he flourished his, trumpet. r ..,.?.. 'I am full of: people, and if blood is shed murder will be. done,' shouted captain Henley, not very intelligent , 'Here a , male passenger yelled,'I say we're not to be fired into. .. He'll doit. I know those 'English raenof warrnen. He'll cink this vessel and every human being , on board of h«r. will be drowned, if you don't back your topsail .,,... . ; ? , ?, .,. ' At this some- of the ladies gave. a. dismal screech. ;. j. ..,, .-;.-, ' What . do you ..mean to. do?1 bawled the man on the gun. . ,, ; . ' Ciiptain Henley looked idly, at the brig for a moment or two, . without replv, then coolly went below.. . . ' I thought :lie was mad, and stared at the mate, believing that he would rescue the old Sally from the evi dently serious intentions ; of tho. for midable gentleman abeam. But he was not captain. He had no . more power- whilst the master was in the ship — that is the power to go bsyond the captain's clear wishes and inten tions—than the meanest boy aboard. I knew it. Bub the passengers' ..eyes were nevertheless fixed upon Mr. Bon ham, expecting him to act. He s'raply shook his head nnd folded his arms with a jrlance or despair aloft, for ho knew what was coining... '.' It came a minute later in the form of a burst of lira from the biis's side, A general shriek rose from our decks and made the explosion a dreadful sound. Ladie3 and gentleman rushed below and the immigrants lied to their quarters under, hatches. . In a. few breathless heart beats there were scarce left twe«ty people out of the congregation that had been surveying tho brig. That gun was undoubtedly shotted, but so aimed as not to hit us. .' ' D'ye mean to back your topsail ?' roared the figure on the gun. ' ' We ain't goinar to be blooming well sunk to oblige Cap'u 'Enley,' Bhoutod a voice forward, and in a trice a dozen of oar seamen rushed aft and laid the yards aback and the ship camo to a stand. The brig seeing this, also backed tho yards of her main, and as she was doing this Captain Henley came on deck. . . , ' He was deadly white, and seemed speechless. He cast his eye aloft and observed the. trim of the snils, but said nothing. There was very little weight in the heave of the sea, whose, pulse was so rogular that the motion of our ship might have kept tinn to the tick of a cluck. A bright sky was spread overhead, shaded . with a few light soft clouds. Tho passengers were beginning slowly to reappear, nil of them looking very seared and anxious, and some of the men verr an_-ry. As soon as ever the brig had backed his yards he lowered a boat with all the delightful promptitude, of man-of-war discipline ; she was. . a large cutt?r and was rowed by six blue-jackets and in her stern sheets were seated presumably a naval lieu tenant and two men, civilians wrapped in shore-going toga, in tall hats, ludi crously out of keeping with that scene of ocean, and sha.vls round their necks. The cutter swept alongside. The lieutonant sprang abroad, and the high-hatted gentlemen very clum sily folio ived. ' The Naval officer went straight up to Captain Henley accompanied by. the two fellows who had the looks of Bow-street runners — seuryy-lookius doijs they wpro, oue pitilossly pock mavked, tko other a largo, black, scawling man, his eyes a dirty bluo, painted on a dirtier lemon — anil ox claimed, ' These olHcors have a war rant for tho apprehension of a man on board your ship named John Hogan. He is charged with murder.1 ' Some of the people who listened started and stared hard. on' hearing this. Captain Henley, with his white face, avid.. coldly,, with desperation, ' It is a lie. Jamas Hogau.is no mur derer. The donth of his wifo was wholly an accident : I ; know it.' 'Your are his half-brother,' said one of the runners. ? ??'You need not have said it here,' whipped out tho naval officer, round ing on tho pock-mark od man with a look of anger and disguBt. ' ' I a-n his lulf -brother, as you say,' snid Captain Henley. ' no's no murderer. She met her death by accident.' ' ' If it can be proved, so much the bettor. Where's the man ?' said ono oC the ruuuors. ' 'Find, him,' uaid tho captain/ and ,he went right aft and sat down upon tho grating abaft the wheel with his arras folded, in a posture of misery and despair, .,'./.!/' ?-.; ?.;??' / ? i ! n'{ i ''' '' Are' you i mate? ' of /this! vessel,- ? ; sir ?' said the Naval officer, address ing me. . '- I am, sir,1 1 answered. ' ''' ' ' ' Will you be so good as to take :us.J-elow? It will expedite matters. No gdbd can come of delay; The man is, by tacit admission, aboard.' : ?'' I met Captain Henley's eye; .'? Ho : seemed to understand ; 'the' ?' Naval ; lioutanant's meaning 'and nodded : assent; and so, receiving his silent' '? iustructioas I conducted the lieutenant and the runners to the saloon. -' ?'' ?''? ' '1 pretty well knew where to 'find the man as I had noticed him passing ' in and out, and since he was bound' to '! be come at sooner -or later then,'1 thought' I, the more promptly 'this '?' wretched business is despatched/ the' better. Thus thinking, I walked to ' the captain's cabin, and opened the ' door.- A large table was cleat'd securely in the corner. The morning ' light flowed freely through' a big'-' fashioned stern window, and' 'the'' illumination was brilliant and 'plenti ful;- At the table sat a man 'with' '-his;''. for»head on his arms as though osleeD '' His1 head' was bald: He ' rhade''^'; p.ithetic figure; I knew him' to'be' lid j'an though !his face was hidden.'; 'C'I0 detected a faint odour 'of alrhonds!'Iiiiu the dir. ?'?' '? -'? ? ' ' : ??' ?--?:'«'/iH .-?'.' Jim,' sa'id; one the runners id the1, other, ' He's- done for hiriiscif,' mate.'1 It's the old story !'? :' ?'-???????'I o.i - ? 'They lifted him; up^.-butrhe',nwi sj dead as the sliip^ anchor.' '? In- 'raisin'g'' him a small phial fellr'froih 'his'-right''' hand,- 'The Naval officer pick'ed'it''up1) and «melt'it.;;'It was labelled'1 poison?' and might have ; contained; enouglv'.'oE' the 'driig'toVkiirthe whole lshipEul'Iqf'! us.; ' On !turnihg to '?' depnrt ''I'^savr^ Cdplain Henley standing in' tlie'^ dpor-' way. His'whiteness rria'Je' Kis gfinas grim a a skuirsj'nnd 'pointing tb*'th(B:1 figure which they had let fall 'agn'irT''4 'into its'1 sleeping' posture- ''upon' tlfe ' table, he eiclaimecl, ? ' : 'y- u''r '?-''?''' '' 'He' had that.' chance''. of~''tue':' gallows. -He's -innocent,' but ?'.:they;T would have' strangled 'him.' ';He Tia's* met his fate like a man? v::; '['nl ';';:' 'He reeled, : and buried! 'liis' 'face5 irihis'arms ; whilst h'e- 'sobbed;^ ^/WitK^ , looks of-deep cornpasnbri'tlie'^NaYal1,; lieutenant : passed, by hinV;f 'A1' few '' minutes later the two vessels were proceeding on their respective courses.' ' ' (The End). ' ' - 