DAIRY FACTORY COMPANTS AS SOCIATION. A meeting of the Dairy Factory Company's Association was held at their office, Marl borough Chambers, on Wednesday. There was a large attendance, representing the lend ing factories in the colony, and Mr. R. Cald welL, M.P., presided. The Chaibman reported : — At the last general meeting of the representatives of dairy factory companies several important resolutions were carried. 1\. That it was desirable to form a Dairy Factory Companies' Association. . 3. That a subscription fee should Toe paid by each company to provide funds for secretarial expenses and oiBer contingencies. 8\. That an executive committee be appointed to ?watch the interests of the association and transact any business requiring attention. These resolutions have, in a sense, been given effect to. The association has been nominally iormed;the services of a. secretary have been secured, and an executi\\-e committee has been appointed. One ol the first .duties which engaged our attention was calling in money ; and in this 1 am sorry to say we were not very successful. Considering the importance of the work proposed to be done by the executive the response fell far below our expectation. To enable us to do good service it was estimated, on the basis of the membership fee decided upon at our last general meeting, we should have no difficulty in raising about j£70. It was thought this sum would be sufficient to pay the salary of the secre tary .and provide for any other expenses which might be incurred during the first year. So far the total amount received (and several pressing ap peals have been made) is under £30. This is little more than sufficient to pay the salary of the secretary for .the past six months, with nothing for contin gencies, which are bound to arise if we do any work during: the remainder of the year. I have no hesitation in saying that the companies which have not responded are siauding in their own light. The members of the executive committee can do nothing unless funds are placed at their disposal. Our desire was to secure for the members of the asso ciation every possible business advantage, and with this object in view we instructed the secretary to re quest all the companies to furnish us with a list of their requirements for the coming season, so that if considered necessary we might call tenders ior the goods. Messrs. Sandford & Co. promised special arrangements, and a leading firm of American manu facturers sent us their list of special wholesale prices, which were exceedingly favorable.. After considerable delay only five or six companies seit on a list of the goods required by them, and oh carefully going' through the.offers of supply the committee decided to order from America. I would here say that though we have every desire to operate through our own business men, after all in matters of business people are peculiarly selfish; and your committee realised that it was their duty to prevent agents or anyone else getting more than a fair share of the cream obtainable from the milk of those suppliers in whom they were expected to take a direct interest. Our only desire is to secure for the milk supplier a full or at least a fair return for his labor. Business men look out for themselves, and in the interests of the producer we want to prevent any unnecessary leakage between the dairy and the consumer. In the past the leakage in several directions lias been con siderable, and according to reports that have reached us it is still very considerable. The only way we can protect ourselves against imposition and loss is by the formation of a strong asso ciation. In many respects we have already secured for the dairy-farmer substantial advantages but the apathy of some of his representatives in co operative dairy factory companies bids fair to render impossible or difficult the attainment of any further advantaure. With the withdrawal of the bonus and with the prospects of a weak export market the necessity for intelligent co- operation and association was never more pressing. No further assistance is proposed to be given to the dairy-farmer by way of bonus, and the only other concession the Government have notified their intention of making is to be covered by an expenditure of about £490 — the balance of the suni voted under the Bonus Act. This conces sion will scarcely be worth £20 apiece to the dif ferent exporting companies, and certainly uot worth more than 4s. apiece to the individual milk suppliers. So the less'we hope from such concessions the better. A market will doubtless be found for all the butter and cheese tbe colonies of Australia and New Zealand are likely to produce for many years to come ; but we must not expect the con tinuance of the prices realised during the last two seasons. One of the latest advices from London quotes the best Australian butter at about 80s. per cwt., or say SJd. per lb. gross. Making every neces sary allowance, this means barely 6d. per lb. to the shipper, and in spite of such prices we have been told that unless the quality is maintained our butter will be a drug in the market. Prejudice in a sense has been overcome, but the keenest competition has yet to be encountered. J\Ve are only small customers in the home market, it is true, but there is no reason why the export trade should not develop large pro portions. To make the dairy industry a growing con cern, as it ought to be, railway charges, freights, and commissions must be subjected to further reduc tions. ' ' The Canadian exporter, I have been informed, can place his butter and cheese in the London market at a cost not exceeding Ju. per lb., all charges included, as against ljd. or 2d. paid by the Australian shipper. EaEter terms are only possible through the interven tion of a strong and vigilant association, and the dis tance of a few miles, or even & few hundred miles, should not be allowed to prevent the formation of such. Under much greater disadvantages, so far as distance is concerned, a Dairy Factories' Association, comprising over 70 companies, has been formed in New Zealand, and during the last season through their own agents they exported more than 4,000 tons of butter and cheese. Since our last general meeting a syndicate of enterprising business gentlemen in Adelaide have suggested the desirability of establish ing- a large receiving and exporting dairy factory concern. Their idea is the formation of a com pany for the establishment of a central depot or manufactory for dairy produce, having command of the supply of as many factories and creameries as possible, with the view of securing for shipment a large quantity of first- class butter. So far as I have been able to gather from their prospectus I believe they would be open to receive good butter or cream from any supplies, whether company or individual, although their main object seems to be to secure the establishment of separators everywhere, in order to gather together as much cream as possible for treatment at the central depot, as many similar companies are now doing in Victoria and New South Wales. The lines of business proposed are not altogether the same as those we have been following in some of our co-operative con cerns. At the same time the formation of 3uch a company might serve a good purpose in securing for us substantial reduction in shipping charges and com missions. So far as the creamery system is concerned it has defects as well as advantages. Cream deteriorates by transit nearly in the same degree as butter, and we have good reason to believe that the faulty butter which threatened to interfere with our position in the London market a short time ago was the product of cream handled at a large central depot. The manufacture of inferior butter is scarcely possible in a moderate-sized factory conveniently situated in the centre of a. good milk area. Danish experience points to the fact that it is quite possible to secure too large a supply of milk — that is, so far as the manufacture of first-class butter is concerned. Colonial experience seems to point in the same direction. For export purposes the long-distance creamery will not be able to hold its ovvn against the well-placed and well managed co- operative factory, and those farmers who purchase hand-separators under the impression that they are going to reap great advantage will ere long in this age of machinery and co-operation find their mis take. I am more than ever convinced of the necessity for combination, not for the regulation of the market, for thai is a matter now altoyx-cher beyond our con trol, but in order to place ourselves in a position to purchase what we need under conditions more favor able to the industry which we represent, so as to be able to place our produce on tlie London market under conditions no less favorable than obtain else where. In the face of the discouragement recently experienced by the executive committee the conclusion is forced upon us that we will either have to submit to a very small membership or abandon the idea of association altogether, and no friend of the dairy larmer can wish ior eiuier oi mese results. The Hon. J. L. Stirling, M.L.C., moved and Mr. J. R. Kelly seconded— That in the opinion of this meeting the associa tion's operations be continued even on the lines of the limited membership at present subscribing, and that the executive be instructed to report to a future nieetinK to be held on tbe adjustment of expenditure to meet the income. This was carried and the same executive were reappointed. His Honor Air. Justice Bundey will go on the northern circuit this month. He will sit at Port Augusta on Tuesday, July 23, and at Gladstone on Thursday, July 25. During the^quarter which ended on March 31 the imports of the Nortnern Territory amounted to £28,553, and the exports to £16,880. The United Kingdom sent goods valued at £1,303, and received £000, and foreign countries £1,932 and £3,009 respectivelj'. By far the largest trade was done with other British colonies. The imports therefrom totalled £25,316, New South Wales being represented by £12,947, Hongkong by £6,218, South Australia by £4,722, Victoria by £134 and Queensland by £230. The exports to the same countries reached '£13,311, of which £10,050 went to Victoria, £2^371 to South Australia, £230 to New. South Wales, and £528 to Hongkong. The shipping returns during the some period show that' 17 vessels of 21,541 tons entered Port I)arwixi, and the same number left. The immigration amounted to 90, and the emigration to -S9, leaving a balance of 21 in favor of the Territory. The Customs receipts for the quarter reached a total of £7,639. 