THE WOALD 'OF WOAK. Unomployod depntationi to Ministorg arc bocoming qnite common. The Pope eent £2000 towfttds tho relief of the starving Armenians in Asia Minor. Send yonr.gabgoription to IVuri/iian, Only Is. per quarter, or le. per year in It took two months to wind np tho busi- noes of the Eight Houih Demonstration Committee I The Typograiihioal Assooiation is the in- augnrating sooiety for next year's Eight Honrs Demonstration: A small bnt rioh gold-bearing leader has bMn stmok down a well at the baok of a house at Cnrrajong, near Farkes, The Paris Mnnioipal Council, at its first sitting after the vaoation, voted a credit of 20,000f. to the Oarmanx glasaworkera on strike.. The ezpeaditnre in oonnection with the recent Eight Hours Demonstration was nearly 76 per cent, of the gross receipts. Hamph t An old unionist and wonld-bo Labor M.P. has bMn feeding a suburban " rat " office dnring the past few weeks with orders fqr printing . Tho men employed at Centennial Park and Shea's Greek are likely to get a fnll fortnight's work to help them to pass a Merry Xmaa. Arrangements have been completed for a conference between British shipbaildcra and the engineers on strike, with Lord James as ohairman, A depntation of members of Parliament and others waited on the Colonial Secretary . on Thursday, to protest againet the issue of licenses to Syrian hawkers. One Wilherforoe settler has refused any further State asjistanoe, contending that he is now able to make his own living on the 40 odd acres of land in his possession. Mr. G. H, Greene, M.L.A., proprietor of the Jandra Estate, Grenfoll district, has banded over to the -farmers the whole of the crops farmed on the oo-operative principle. Twelve of tho colliery proprietors of the Newoastle district have agreed to confer with a view of etfcoting an improvement in the ;jal trade, and a mooting will bo bold te-day. " It seems to me that every ohild of nature is entitled to his share of tho land, and that he should not be oompelled to beg the pri vilege of working the soil of a babe that happened to be born boforo him." — Ingor- 60II. It is the opinion of many eminent physi- oions that there has been a largo increase of Win diseases during tho present century owing to tho oommeroial strain on the people to obtain wealth, position, or oven the barest of existences. Tho credit balance from tho last Eight Hours Demonsbration in Sydney was £1170 lOs. 6d. The whole of this amount goes to ward the Trades Hall Building Fund, and is divided in shares among the societies taking part in the Demonstration. John Burns says of bis trip to the United States that he travelled 17,000 miles In seven weeks, visited eighteen, cities," and spoke to 70,000 people for a little over £100, and be yond gaining muoh knowledge and experi ence, made nothing out of his journey. On the 13th October a religious procession at Cadiz (Spain) was met by a large crowd of workpeople, who cried : " Wo want work, not sermons I ' Go and kill the insurgents in the forests of Cuba I" Some stone-throwing forced the priests to return to the oharoh. The Anstralian Colonies have managed to outb Chinese immigration by a heavy poll- tax. This is espeoially the case in New Sonth Wales. Most of the Chinese landed thero are naturalised Brilish subjects, or British-born, and they number less than 300. — T/m Clarion, Tho unemployed problem is pressing for solution in Canada as well as in Anstralia. An asBooiation has been formed in Toronto for the pnrpoBO of establishing a oo-operativo industrial colony and placing upon it men and their families who find it impossible to obtain employment elsewhere. A favorite way of oolebrating the twenty- fifth anniversary of Germany's noion seems to be the founding of pension funds. Nu merous employers, including newspaper pro prietors, bavo started snoh funds for working men, The sums given range between £200 and £100,000. Krupp, the gun manufao- turer, heads the Hat. At a meeting of the Iron Trades Council the foUowing resolntion was passed : " That this oounoil desires to express its gratification at the recent decision of the Land Court in conneotion with the applioation of the Har bor Collietiei Company for a lease of Brad ley's Head, and hopes that the Government will endorse the recommendations and refuse all applications for a lease of the foreshores of the harbor." The federation of Danish agrioultnral laborers, founded seven years ago, and 00m- ptising twenty-three Associations, has de cided to abandon the policy it formerly fol lowed, and has affiUated itself to the Sooial Demooratio Federation, whose political path it deolares its intention of following henoo- forth. In the whole country there will, therefore, no longer be more than one workem' party. Happy country I Speaking on prayer for rain at a " pleasant Sunday afternoon " in Melbonrne, Mr, Jus tice Hodges said : — " If he felt that his child hungered, and if he oould not go to his Maker and ask him either to give him the means to feed his child, or to feed tho child Himself — if he oould not go and ask God that with a reasonable expectation that He would .heqr and answer— he would tear his Bible in pieces, and scatter it to the winds." Some slight trouble arose at Lyttleton (N.A.) m consequence of a contractor for the painting of the dredge having employed men to do. the work of painting at 98. per day, ' The matter was represented by the offioials of the Wharf LahAers' Union to the chairman of the Barter Board, whb took aotion, with the result that the work is to be done by members of the association at tho ruling rate of wages of the port, viz:, lOs. per day. Mr. Sohey has given notice of a motion in the Assembly with regard to the Government taking immiato steps to mitigato the dis tress of the unemployed by establishing a system of Labor stations, farms, or homes, somewhat akin to the establishments of the Salyation Army in East London, those of the Common "Council of Paris, and the Later ooionisa of Germany, auoh institutions being permanent as regards the State, but tempo rary as to the relief afforded to the indivi dual. The (luestion of garnieheeing miners' wages is exoiting interest and disoussiou among the miners, and the Wallsend Lodge have rmlved to obtain a legal opinion on f.TiP BtlTtlonh TtiPva va a sliflrawanna nt rsnintnn with regard to the matter between the police magistrates, of Newoastle and Wallsend. The latter decreed that miners being part ners in their employment, working in pairs, and receiving their wages jointly, cannot be gainisheed, but the Newcastle P.M. has de cided to the contrary. A farmer living between Young and Qtenfell writes to a Young paper as follows: This is the worst year 1 have seen in the , district for tho last twenty years. Water is almost gone, and tho crops in the likst stage of oonanmption. Words utterly faU short of deroribing the state of affairs, and the question is— What will the farmers do nnder tho oiroumstanoes ? I know not. 1 have 150 acres of wheat, and it anyone gives me one shilling per acre 1 will seU— that is how matters stand in this part. " nation does not send its poor litUc boys to gaol for stealing six walnuts, and allow its bankrupts to steal their hun dreds of thousands with a tew ; and its bankers, rich with poor men's savings, to oloae their doors under oironmetanoea over which they have no control,' with a ' by your leave.' Rnskin. Herr Binger made tho peroration of the Breslau Congress thus : " The more sacrifices demanded, the more energetioally let ns con- tinne the battle. For every one who falls new fighters appear. We will not be terri- fied by the threats of the enemy, nor weary in tho straggle for the liberation of the proletariat for the liberation of the workers of all lands, the German, the International Sooial Democtaoy," The Hartford Mills Company, Preston, have issued a cironlar announcing that ow ing to the_ Government having taken no steps to relieve the burden placed upon Eng lish cotton mannfaotnrers by the Indian cotton duties, they are compelled to stop ail their machinery hitherto employed in pro- duoing for the Indian markets. The cotton duties were imposed to stave off the bank- ruptoy of India. As Sterno said, " we but ton np one cause of vexation and unbutton another." Mr. James Cnrley, the Newoastle miners general secretary, has received tho following letter from thp Undor-Seoretary of tho De partment of Mines: — " Sir, 1 have the honor, by direction of tho Secretary for Mines and Agrionltnre, to request that yon will te good enough to oause it to bo mado known to the | miners, in the event of their desiring to form a class for inatruotion in ambulance work in any looality, that the department will endeavor to furnish information con-, corning the ambulance corps in conneotion with our railways and snoh other informa tion as may be available." _ Mr. Pnrcell, _ tho registrar of limited liability companies, reports tho existence of nearly 20,000 of thorn in the United King dom, with a paid-up capital of more than £1,000,000,000. Tho figures have nearly doubled in ton years, notwithstanding ail the talk about depression, and they show a dlBpoaition to increase and go on increasing, for last year there were 2890 new companies registered, with a nominal capital of nearly £120,(,000, and a total realised capital "considered as paid up " of nearly £33,000,000. Tho American Ni)noon/ormist points out that " Debs is in gaol, Pullman in a palace. Doha is eating prison faro and sleeping in a bunk ; Pullman is sporting on his yaoht among the beautiful islands of the St. Lawrence, Debs stands for Labor, Pullman roptosonts Monopoly, One is a leader of tho masses, the other stands high among the olasscs. On the side of one is the good-will of all who love freedom and justice ; but the other is backed by the courts, and, under our system, tho courts have the last say, There- tore, Pullman is on top; Debs is at tho bottom." "The question of tho employment of married women in mills and faotories is again brought forward by statisties recently published. In Lanoashire and Cheshire the proportion is largest, there being no fower than thirty-two per cent, of married women employed. In Yorkshire the peroentage is twenty-one in the worsted mills, rising to twenty-nine in the woollen mills. Infant mortality is highest in the distriots in which most married women are employed. This is only to be expeoted, as the time and atten tion necessary to the proper upraising of children is spent in the mill or faotory by the hard-working mother. 