? o A man, who was summoned in an English Police Court a while hack for driving furiously, produced an excuse, which seems to me, even if it is not comprehensible, to be entirely new. His hôrse, he said, was nearsighted, and therefore the corners looked to the animal to be nearer than they really were. The argument was not given in full, but I suppose the conclusion is that in consequence the horse went much faster than it really did. The Bench took a lenient view of the case, but it does not appear whether they were, or were not, influenced by the excuse. If it is to be considered valid generally, the ways of the furious driver are made easy for him. It reminds me a little of the old story of the Irishman who said his telescope brought the church so near that he could hear the organ inside. It is amusing, but, regarded as an excuse, I should have expected it to be a failure. I have spoken again and again about the disgraceful [condition -of the Fremantle Local Court, but 110 one seems to pay much heed. Not only does the. place abound with vermin, but last week it was further polluted by an event which almost beggars description. During the hearing of a somewhat interesting case one of the many dogs who make it their business to attend the Court was seized with sickness, and made himself as comfortable as he could. The mess was covered with some sand, which it was supposed would be removed when the Court adjourned. People will, however, hardly credit that seven days later the sand, &c;,, still remained, a monument to the diligent cleanliness of C. J. McMullen, the bailiff, one of whose duties it is to keep the Court clean. I should like to know if this man has a master—a superior, or whether he is entirely " on his own." "We are at length enabled (says the Sunday Times) to estimate the cost of establishing Imperial Penny Postage to Australia. The total (officially stated) loss would only amount to 4,500,000 pennies, or £18,750. To have Ocean Penny Postage to Australia as we had Ocean Fourpenny Postage to there five years ago, the loss would only amount to £5000. We have here to calculate the proportion of letters that would be sent entirely by sea, and allowing the bulk of the merchants' letters to still go via Brindisi. Of course we ask 110 reduction in the charge for newspapers. We would not object to Ocean Penny Postage as distinguished from Imperial Penny Postage as a preliminary measure, feeling assured of the ultimate complete realisation of the scheme. The Fremantle Temperance 'Alliance may be said to have inaugurated its cam paign against the liquor traffic by an appearance at the Licensing Court 011 Monday last. That it has undertaken a colossal contract was evidenced by the formidable array of hotel-keepers and others interested in the sale of the cup that cheers and occasionally inebriates, which mustered in order to obtain a renewal of their permits. The Alliance scored, however, a point or so, and is quite enthusiastic about the eventual result. The Rev. Mr. Peters, who voiced the opinions of the Temperance folk, aided by the legal talent of Messrs. Moss, Gawler & Lovegrove, was successful 111 opposing the issue of a general publican's license to an hotel-keeper at JS 7 orth Fremantle. No less than 400,000 China vases have been ordered from a Moscow porcelain manufactory. These vases are to bear the portraits of the Czar and Czarina, and will be distributed to the people during the coronation festivities, which are to take place early in 1896. It is expected that all the members oi the Danish Royal Family will be present, as also the Prince and Princess of Wales. It is estimated that the ceremony will entail an expenditure of six and a half million roubles. As the poor peasants are starving in Russia, this seems rather too much, does it not, for a mere raree show? Messrs. Hall, Dallon & Tood, whose advertisement generally occupies a full page in THE MESSENGER, are evidently a firm whose acquaintance with the land and estate business started before yesterday. First, they assure themselves that what they have for sale is a good thing and next they take every novel and legitimate means to inform the public accordingly. At the rate Messrs. Hall, Ddllon & Tôdd are going they will soon have the whole of Western Australia under the hammer, that is, all that is left of it when the dryblowers have done with it. The story is going about that the Sultan of Turkey is liable, whenever anything worries him over-much, to become insane and there are many in Europe who make no pretence that this would not be a bad thing to happen. One of the Sultan's latest eccentricities is to order a patent flying machine in order that when offences come, as it seems inevitable they must, he may be able to flee from the windows of his palace and be at rest. There is still a little occupation left for the Inspector of Nuisances, though I am happy to say that matters have improved since I last touched upon this unsavoury subject. A certain portion of Adelaide Street would well repay a visit of inspection by Mr. Fordham especially round by the back yards. The Daily News is a cuiious combination of the would be accurate and the badly informed. A day or two ago this muddled up organ announced that the whole of the last consignment of immigrant girls had been absorbed as domestic servants. The veracious paragraphist went on to inform the public that though it was considered desirable to obtain another 100 girls at once it was impossible as the villages from whence the maids are derived could furnish no more. This is news indeed ; firstly, because, not one in a thousand of the girls who get a free passage to Western Australia comes from the rural districts but is one of the ten thousand and odd units who comprise the surplus of population of big towns, and secondly if inducement offered it would be easy to find a thousand ready and willing to accept the change of circumstances. An English paper thus commemorates the decease of the Right Reverend Dr. Durnford, late Bishop of Chichester :— 4< So with his life-work done, like a full shock Of corn, has our Bishop, in his autumn, Gone to that Eternal Barn, where the souls Of righteous men are garnered evermdre." This reference to heaven (at least it is presumable that the writer means heaven) as " that Eternal Barn " is distinctly precious, though it is probable that could dear old Durnford read the phrase, it would give him " a full shock." 