GENERAL NEWS. It is probable that a large number of police in the suburban districts of Brisbane will be mounted on bicycles. William Hall fell down a shaft at Mount Morgan on Friday, a distance of 47ft., but no bones were fractured. Peter Beninto, an old identity known through out pastoral Queensland, has died in the Bowen hospital at the age of 106 years. The deepest spot yet known in the ocean has been reported by Admiral W. J. L. Whar- ton, as having been found by the British surveying ship Penguin. The place is in the Pacific, in lat. 23deg. 40min. south and long, 175deg, 10min. west, and the wire broke at 4000 fathoms, near Japan. His Holiness the Pope has offered to arbitrate between Great Britain and America in the Venezeula difficulty. Wool, hides, tallow and general produce are admitted into New South Wales without duty from the adjoining colonies. The Mary Dean fund has been practically closed and does not much exceed £100. As the amount is too small to invest, it will be paid to Mrs. Dean in weekly instalments. Many landowners in N.S.W. are reported to be reducing wages very materially in view of the land tax. One pastoralist who gave away 1500 meals last shearing, says that owing to the tax he will in future refuse rations to travellers. The Stanthorpe show will be held on February 20 and 21. The captains of the steamers on Lake On- tario, which forms part of the boundary be- tween the United States and Canada, have offered their services to the Dominion Govern- ment in the event of war between Great Britain and America. The Sugar Journal expects that the output of sugar next season may reach 110,000 tons. Last season produced only 9G,000 tons. The New South Wales Government have been requested by the Imperial authorities to take over the control of Norfolk Island. The Governor of Malta has (topped the im position of the proposed duties on frozen meat. The Transvaal burghers are petitioning President Kruger to revoke the British suzer ainty. The Colonial Party io Germany is agitating for the expenditure of £ 10,000,000 in increisinR the navy. Mr. Balfour delivered an important speech at Manchester dealing with various matters af fecting the present foreign relations of Great Britain. His speech was entirely pacific in eharaater, bat he declared that the Empire was never in better condition as a fighting machine than at present. Lord Wolesley states be has never known the British Army to be better prepared for war than at the present time. Mr. Chamberlin, in the oourae of a speech on Friday night, stated that the reoent National difficulty proved th>t the old British spirit was Btill alive, and that Britain's resources were never belter able to meet an emergency than at present. An English paper asserts that the majority of the 4000 factory girts fn Sydney married at 14, and that if a girl does not join the majority before she attains the age of 16 years she im- agines herself on the shell. Some of the North Island Maoris have tele- graphed to the Governor offering to form a guerilla regiment for service in the Transvaal. It is reported that Lord Braisey is worth £6,000,000. Two collisions havq^ccurnd in the English Channel, and eighteen persons were drowned. The German newspapers officially announce that the Emperor William has not apologised to the Queen for having sent a congratulatory message to President Kruger and an assurance that Germany recognised the independence of the TranBvaal. The biography of the late Cardinal Manning, which has just been published, dieoloses the fact that the Cardinal WAS invited tp offer him self as a oandidate for the papal chair on the occasion of the last vacancy. It is understood that negotiations ate pro ceeding between the Governments of Great Britain and Portugal for a new agreement between the two countries with regard to their respective interests in South Africa. It is also rumoured that Great Britain has purchased Delagoa Bay (the nearest port to tbe Transvaal) from Portugal, in virtue of the right of pre-emption which the British Government possessed with regard to the Portuguese terri tory in South-east Africa. Sydney buyers have been purchasing maize in Brisbane during laBt week. Daring tbe past six months 18,669 cattle and 189,679 elieep . were despatched by rail from Barcaldine. The Sydney Meat Preserving Company killed 1,280,705 sheep and 8,963 cattle during 1895. The estate of flroasdill Nixson dr Co., 61 the Diatnantina, graziers, insolvent, offers a first and final dividend of 23/125th of Id in the £. The Daniels family have left Cambooya for the Central distriots where they have taken up a large tract of land. All the younger mem bers of the family are going aoross country, and the procession is said to resemble nothing more than an American immigrant train. At the Birmingham show last week £470 was paid for a St. Bernard dog. A yarn comes from Deepwater that the heat was so great there one day last week that a billy of water was boiled. It didn't say the' boiling process was done by a good fire under neath. A youth named Albert DaWs was fatally in jured by being drawn into a threashiog maohineat Inverell. A man named Alfred Wills was knocked down by a tram motor in Sydney and com pletely cot in two. Mr. Oloey, United States Secretary of State,1 is Btated to favour the purchase of the Danish West India islands for 10,000,000 dollars. President Cleveland is reported to be willing to prohibit the cession of any South American territory to a European Power under any pre tence whatever. Chilian troops have oaoupled the passes ol ths Cordilleras bordering on the Argentine Be-' public, in consequence of a frontier quarrel between the two oountries. The New York Sun states that friction is likely to arise between the United States and England on account of tbe retention by Hie latter of islands in American waters. The Cologne GazetU makes b savage attack upon England, and suggests the enforoement of tbe Transvaal independence when England is imperilled. It is understood England and Fnnoe have virtually arranged (he Tunis Customs and Niger boundary disputes. At the request of France: Italy has forbidden, a steamer landing on tbe shores of the Bed Sea 60,000 rifles, intended for Abyssinia. Mr. Gladstone and Sir T. Hareourt decline to stimulate British aotion relative to the Armenian question. Queen Victoria, in a lettet has warned the Sultan that his throne will be endangered aniens reforms are effeoted. The Sultan has replied that the massacres Were exaggerated. ' The British troops have oooupioi Oo6mas«le (Ashantee) without opposition, and tbe British demands have been accepted. 