WANTED TO BUY, A A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A.— Mr., Mrs. H. D. Hyams Buy and Sell ladles', genu's Left Off Clothing, Jewellery, Boots, Shoes ; highest cash prices. Letters attcoded. Immigrants' Luggage Bought. 169 Exhibition- 3L < ! " AA.A.— All ladles', gent's, children's Wardrobes Pur- , chased, highest prices ; letters atteuded. Mr , Mrs. Rogers, 358 Bridge-rd., Richmond. A BON A Fide Announcement— The highest cash price given for all kinds of gentlemen's Left Off Clothing. Letters promptly attended to. Quittentou Bros., 163, 16£ Russeli-st. ALL kinds of Skins, Bones, Fat, Wool, Tailors Clippings, Rags, Bags, ltope. Bottles, Zinc. Copper Brass, Lead, Iron, ftc. No charges for commission oi delivery. > Morris ft Lndwig, 316 Malvern-road, Frahran; 37< Fitzroy-strect Fitzroy ; Noct-street, Port Melbourne. —MR., Miss Mitchell, 45 Eastern-arcade, city, giv< extreme value ladies', gentlemen's left off Cloth ing ; letters attended. ASSAY Plant, Scales, Crucibles, ftc., new or second hand, wanted. Carat Age Office. SAGS, secondhand ; 'also on Hale, Brain Potato JO Grain, Chaff Sects, sound, ready for use. Victoriai SackjWorehouse, Custom House !, WANTED TO BUY. BAGS' all kinds, wanted to Buy ; highest price given ; also for Hale, corn, flour nnd sptid sacks. John ston-st.. Bag Store, Fitzroy Market, Fitzroy. pAOS, all kinds, highest prices ; post cards attended. O Farmers' Hack Warehouse, Elgin ami Nicholson sts., Cnrlton. . BAND In«trumerits,.Tenors, Baritones, Euphoniums, Basses and. Drums, any condition ; best prices given. Thos. York, 276 BEAR, opossum. Rabbit, Wallaby, ahecp Hkins. Bees wax, Horsehair, ftc.; uo commission. Write prico list, Whiteft Co.. 6Q5 Little Oollios-st. BiiSEHWAX, best prico, no commission ; consignments i received. Champion's Tent Factory, 180 Queen-st. BEEHWAX, Horsehair, Rabbit, Opossum and all Hkins Purchased fur cash. No commission or charges. Thomas Evans Ltd.. 363 Bourke-st. BILLIARD and Dining Table, combined. State prico and where seen. News Agent, gomcrtHle. BOAT, flattie or skiff. State price, length and condi _tion. B_, Half Mouti Bay, HQudtlugliain. IOILEK'.nTft Hhipman engine, Thofse power. Lowest I J cash price. to H. Thomson, 869 High-St., Armadale. BOILEK, Hinail, suit amateur. Send particulars and price, Htemu Boiler, Age OlHoe. » BOOK Htali wanted to Buy, 'part giuss preferred, suburban railway station. Price, delivered, Jago, Age Office. JOUT Trade.— Good Jones's No. 4 or G machine, must AJ be rlicap. 32 Mater-st, Coliingwood. _iGOT Patching Macbiue, Jones, good order; set iron AJ Lasts, Htands, cheap. United Service Club Hotel, Ucrtrude-st., Fitzroy. BATTLES, Uone3, iron, Zinc,aUras<, Copper, Lead. Gleeson's, Little Ijonsdale- st,; and Mucaulay-rd., N. Melb. BOTTLEH, champagne shape, purchased— dirty, 16s. 6d.; clean, 18s. per gross. M'Cracken's City Brewery Limited, CoUlns-st. BRICK Plant, semi-dry, Bradley ft |Craveti tnachlno preferred, , to make not less thau 10,000 per dny, wauted to Buy. Bricks, Age. BRICKS, 16,090,'secondhAnd, more or less, wanted, sound, cleun, on trucks at Speucer- st. T. Taylor, P.O., Wycheproof, BRICK MAKERS and others.— Wanted, 14 hp. Portable Engine, 4 End Tip Clay Trucks, capacity 15 cwt.; and 3 plain Brick Trucks, carry 200 brick and side bitiged ; 300 ft. of track of 10 lb. Rails; 2scU of Winding Gear to draw trucks along with necessary Wire Ropo driven by lielt ; 12 Brick Barrows. For export. IVB and MIXNBK, 333 Ootllns-street. CTABINBT Makers' Benches. Nunan Bros., 248 j Swunston-st., Melb. CiOCKATOO Cages, 2, wnnted. Bird Cage, caro of J Oofdnn ft Gotcll. and price to Caniera/Pratt's Agency' sC Kilda. C1RUTCUES, pair wanted, handle (n middle, 4 ft, 5 j long. 165 Barkly-st., Carlton. CURVING Machine, secondhand, wanted. Richmond, Age Office. » D1 Ci'l ONAItY and Grammar, j>utch, wanted 1m- mediatoly. 207-9 Ellzabeth-Bt., Melb. DRILLING Muctilnc, wall or pillar. 3 ft. radius, now or goad secotidhu&d.; R. N. Findlay, Williams- LEC'L'ROl'LATE Ware, old, any quantity. F. O. Browne ft Co., electro ind nickel platers, 220 Rub- sell-st. ENGINE anil Saw Bench, 6 or 8 horse, wanted tc Lease with option of Purchase. E. Chalmers, Melton. ENGINE, crank 6 In., throw pulley 4 x 8 In face, bore 3, fly whocl & ft. x 3 bore. Richards. Joors's Agency, S. Melb. ENGINE, portable, 10 or 12 h.p., double cylinder pre ferred. Btate particulars to Jas. M'Donuld, Bpargo Creek, Ballan. 1" 7»AT, any kind, Id. to Ud. per lb.; 8oap Exuimnged ? weight for weight. Cards Hhaw, 307 Latroho-st, W 1jLANGE.H, for 2 io. pipe, 50 wanted. Davies, 235 ? FrankUii-at., Melb. UltNITUltRj PIANOS or BEDSTEADS Bought to any amount. Cash immediately. No Charge for Cartage. . OIIAS. JOHNSTON and Co., Oertrudo and George Streets, Fitzroy. FURNITURE.— Uighest prices obtained At Beau champ's Weekly Auction Hales, 310 Collins-sU cash day after sale. 17URNITUUI5, contents large house or single articles, I? Pianos, Billiard Table, ftc.: cash waiting. Beckett Bros., 150 to 160 Gertrude-st., Fitzroy. FURNITURE, Pianofortes, .ftc.— Before selling pri vatoty, consult Bcaiichainn Brothers, auctioneers, Collins-sU, who will give Intending seders their estimate of values free of cost. I FURNITURE, household, or small lots; Pianos, any . condition, cash, no humbug Write Lawson, 55 and 57 Gertrude-fit, Fitzroy, near Fitzroy-st. FURNITURE.— Fergus Hcott ft Anderson, 312 Smith st. Coliingwood, Auction and Private Sale Rooms. Auctions, Tuesdays, Saturdays. Ourdoor sales con ducted. _ FURNITURE, Pianos Bought for cash, any quantity, highest prico given, any suburb. Robinson, auc- tionopr, Chapel-st, Prahran.-'' IPURNITURK and Pianos wanted to Buy: cash im- mediately ; letters attended. Daniels, 394 Rathdown- fitN. Carlton, tram route. I4UitNITUltE, of tiny description or quantity, nny «H«- ? trlct, by cash buyer, wanted itmnediitcly. Urgent, P.O., Prahran. ' IJRNITURB Bought, any quantity, cash down, any district. Write before closing to A. Dean, 150 Itathdown-st., Carlton. FURNITURE, household or small quantities ; auc tions arranged, letters , attended to. 81 Deohnm St., Hawthorn. ,n' 17'UKNITUKK, Beddinghnd-Suudrles wanted, forcot- i? tnze. by advertiser,, immediate payment. A.H.H-, Age office. , 1 ' lU105'ilUKE fr ft" 10 Buy" P"' Bor UUNTTUUE. Pianos, Organs, Bicycles, Hewimt Machines, Billiard Tables, fto., for cash; highest price given, any quantity. 31 Gertrude-st., Fitzroy. i 1 0LD (old), Artificial Teeth; highest prices given. II. VX Alexander, manufacturing jeweller, 270 Smith-3t., Coliingwood, next Commercial Bank. GOLD, old alluvial ; bilver, highest prices ; quartz, ftc., assayed. Hartlett, assayer, third floor Block- orcade, Ellzabeth-Bt. GOLD, Silver (old), Jewellery, Plato Bought, any quantity: Remounted, Exchanged. Way, manu facturing jeweller, watch maker, Qold Office, 274 Bourke "st. II AND Cart, painter's secondhand, wanted to Buy, H. nlao Htops and Treatlefi. Waiting, Ht. Kilda P.O. AHNEHH wnnted. smart looking, must be good, . nearly new, suit 124 hamls pony. Harness, Age Office. . HARNESS.— 2 sets Dray Harness. In good order. W. Bland, 31 RushaH-cres.. N. Fitzroy. AVEyouaoy Tanks, Biiilditigs. removal; Doors, G. Iron. Shop Fittiogs, ftc-L Bulijvan, corner Victoria nnd Chctwynd sts., N. Melb., Buys almost anything. AV Rake, one horse, in good order. Oricniun Bros., Ascot Vale. . HOIBT, American or other, to lift 5 cwt., wanted to Ruy.iPrice and particulars to Rnnkiaeft Gluyas, 499 Hwanston-st. JEWELLERY, old pattern, made up in new designs or Exchanged for new goods. Woods, jeweller, 53 Eliza b"tli-st. LATHE wanted, brass finishers, slide rest, chucks; oo _ terms. Treadle, Age Office. LEAD, 5 or 6 tons, wanted, io pigs or ingots. Lowes price. Metallic, Age Office. M'aCHINEUY of yvery description Stored and Hold on commission: terms nrranged, correspondence invited. Wolch, Pcrrln, H. Melb. AGIO lantern, with or without slides, must he good and cheap. Full particulars to 23, Age Office. METAL Screenings wanted. Mac Robertson, 217 Argyle-flt, Fitzroy. MORTICE Machine, also large Cramp, wanted to Buy. State price to A. Dowic, 53 M'Crockeu-st., Kensington. M'RS. Cox, 69 Bank- BV'W.vHrMRlb., Buys Ladies., Gent.'s and Children si Clothinu : letters attended to ' -;>l '»,<> I'OSSUM Rug, cheap, affd'-'gnodj winter skins. Statu lowe9f/ price, Peters',' Y7k Colllns-st., 3lelb, OFOHSU5I, Rabbit, WailabyJ Hear, Sheep 8ktns Horsehair, ifeeswax ; no commission, cash delivery J. W. Matthews, 151 Franklin-st. W,t Melb. OPOSSUM, Wallaby, Rabbit, Sheep Skins, Wool: no commission, charges. Write price list, Kcunon ft Sons, tram terminus, Richmond. ORGAN, nny known make, pay high price if suited, mint buy immediately take iuto couutry. Woodman, Ago Office. PERAMBULATOR or Go Cart wanted; must be real good. 101 Chapman-fit., N, Mellt. HOTOGRAPIIIU Camera, complete, whole or hall pfatc- Ferndale, 178 Mary-fit., Richmond. PHOTO GRA P II E RS' Burnishers, secondhand, in good order, wanted. Stato price, Knox, Ago Office. IANO. English, silk front, will do for child to learn on: £5 to £10 for cash,' To Jameraon, Age Office. IANO, German preferred; about £25 cash. Iramo d i ate reply to Beech worth, Age Office. PIANOS. Organs.— 12 Piauos, 60rgans,6 Harmoniuins, sccondliand, cash, for np country shop. Fullest particulars, W.L.K., Age Office. PIANO, suitable for children to learn on, must bo cheap aod good. State price to Cash, Abbotbford P.O. . PIANO, ohist be good and cheap. State name nod pricennd where seen to M.N., Northcote P.O. PIANOS Bought, highest price civet?, cash, any makers and condition, no delay. Write to A. Ityan, 291 Eiizabeth-st, Melb. ; IANO, good Lipp, Ronisch or Bluthner, from private person, no dealers. Give particulars, price for cash, to Cash, O.P.Q. PIANO. German or English. In "good order, wanted, for cash, about £23, no dealers uced apply. Dcscrip- tton, name, fc. Genuine, Age. IANO. good, fiucondhaml or now, wanted; cheap. Ml A. Traynrtr. George Hotel, Ararat. J5IUKET Fencing, 100 ft. or more. Pickets, Age Office "OLUNGKR Pump, 6-in.. secondhand, wanted. N. Il" JL Olirlatlau. 31 <ji?een-ot.. Melb. UNOH1NG Ball, fieconlmnd, in good order ; cheap.- By letter, A.Z-, 57 Elgin-st, Carlton. RABBITH. Hares, any quantity, highest prices. Crates and particulars on application White ft Co., exporters, preservers, 605-7 Little OolllnB-st RABBIT Trappers' Co-operative Export Co., City > Freezing Works, Melb.—' W. Williamson, manager. Highest prices given for Rabbits. ROOFING Felt. State width and size or roils, sod price, ftc.. Felt, Age Office. ADDLE und Bridie, secondhand, good and cheao, wanted to Buy. Glantfeld, butcher, Powell-st., B. Yarra. S CALEB and Plant, also Fixtures, suitable grocer starting. .Letter, Congou, Eno's Agency, Elgiu-st., Carlton. L2CRAP Iron, any quantity; highest prices. Victoria Iron Rolling Co. Ltd., Dudley-fit., Melb. SCREWING .Machine, gas thread, power or hand, wanted. Miller ft Co., mncbluery merchants, Bal- In rat. EWING Machine, Hiuger's high arm, oscillating or vibrating, lady pay high price secondhand ooe. Widow, Age Office. SHEEP, Wallaby, Kangaroo, Opossum ana Rabbit Skins, Wool. Tallow. Hides, ftc.: highest price, uo commission. Wm. Hanghton ft Co.. 278 Spencerott. STAM PS, Australians, usedJ 1849-70. old collections, highoflt prices paid in Melb.; catalogues gratis. Wm. Aobinnd, Beehive-ch., 162 Eitzabeth-st. TAMP Collector wunts to Buy a collection, good price Collector. Age Office, TAM 18.— Old Australians, used 1849, 1860, old coliec- O tions extreme value Riven; catalogues gratis. Charles Donne, 346 Little Coliins-fit- U'TEAM .Winch or Hoiat, with Boiler, about 6 h.p., on O wheels, 6-in." doublo cylinders, reversing genr nod brake. Particulars, price, H. Briggs, 60 Market-st. TICKET to Sydney, second class. State price, Traveller, P.O., Wllliainstown. TICKETS.— Intercolonial Tourist Agency Purchase. Exchange Railway and Boat Tickets. 18 Queen's- walk, op. entrance Town Flail, Colllns-st. rjMOKETS.— Broken Hill, Adelaide, Fremautlc. Al- X bany, W. Australia, Sydney. Hobart, all ' others, wanted: best price given. 121 bprlug-st.. uextGraiul. _ rnio.M ATO'Pulp. at per ton. II.E. Mau ft'Ca, HiR-8t7, X Kromantlc. W.A. rpo Jewellers.— A pair of Wire Mills. Ht&te; price and X where to be seen, 26, Age Office. TO Cuterers.— Wanted. Vienna Ciiairs, Punch Bowl 2ind crockery. George ft George, Bay-fit., N, s Brighton. WANTED, for Sydney. Multitubular Steam Boiler, about 15 x 5 ft. 6 in., must be in Rood order aud cheap. Give particulars and price, Multitubular, Age I Office. V ' WATCH, cold, cnah. or Exchange for Machine. Jant Andrews. Age Office. OOD Turner's spiral twisting loathe, in good order, complete, wanted, for cash; also. Cylinders, foi turning square work, banisters, ftc. Lathe. Age Office. i W) ORK, vols, from 2 to 6, good conditiuu. Fries b v V letter, T. Thomson, agent, Northcote. ZINC," Lead, Brass, Copper, ftc., highest cash price! given; superior Holder supplied, lowest quotations Goldman's Smelting Works, Carlton. ZINC, Lrtd, Brass, Copper. Metal Refuse, ftc.- Largest Cash Buyers Iu colooies. Telephone 1130 Moretand Smelting Works, 596 Little Bourke. WANTED TO EXCHAHCt. A MRRICAN Dollars Exchanged for Australian, Eng" A. llsh or American Clothing, with style and Qt. Lou. don, American Supply Stores, Bourke-st. CAMERAS, solar copying, and Tripod, for long focus Lens, Goctz, Yelz, Ross or Datineyer. 228 Bwau-st., Richmond. CANARIES, songster, for Mluorca pullets. Langnhan Cockerel, two broody Hens; Bell or ExchaiiKe. 116 I'ark-sL, AbliotfifonL ' I 1AUT, stylish road, nearly nuw, three springs, patent axle, suit 13, 14 hand pony, for roomy Alexandra or similar Cart. J. Bingle, 272 Hmith-st., Coliingwood. DUG Cart, stylish turnout, mail patout axles, three spring Exchango Piauo or Furuiture, or Hell. 165 St. Oeorgo's-rd., N. Fitzroy. OGGS. setting, new style Black, iletfGame. prlzo stork, J2i for Aviary. W. Middletou, boot maker, Carllflle-st., Balaclava. 1 EXPRESS Waggon, large, in Exchange for small light Spring Cart. 133 Flinders-l. HOltSE. Spring Dray and Harnesq Scales mid Wood Yard, doing good business, will lf-xchaugc lot for draught Horse. 3D Bmnfiwlck-st. Fitzroy. UUU8E, good 4-roomed, walking distance of clt, will Exchange for few Acres, within 15 miles of town Pippin, Age. JADX'.l Saddle. Bridle, new, for latest improved J Singer's high arm machine, vibrating shuttle. 12 Moorhoufie-st.. Malvern. 1AND, 30 x 110, want to Exchanee for Alexandra Trap _J or Hooded Buggy. Overton, 390 Cliapcl-at. WANTED to Exchange, pedigreed St. Bernard Pup for Fowls or Canaries. 6 Kinkora-rd., Hawthorn. MEDICAL. A A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. . THE CITY DENTAL Co. 233 Oolllofi street. Melbourne, between City and National Rank. 3 doors from Elizabeth-street, opposite Block-arcade. A FULL SET from t)NE GUINEA tn TEN GUINEAS. Teeth UPPER or LOWER SETS. FITTED Teeth Tooth by PATENT SUCTION, withoutaprings Teeth Teeth or wires. GOLD and PRIZE MEDAL Teeth Teeth ADAMANTINE TEETH; partial cases Teeth Teeth (rotn 5a. Teeth Teeth Combination 18-caratGOLD PLIABLE Teeth Teeth TLATliS at FIVE GUINEAS pur set, Teeth Teeth unsurpassed for lifelike appearance, use- Teeth Teeth (uinus.fi and comfort ; guaranteed Teeth Teeth for 19 ' yearn. Extractions AB-SO Teeth Teeth LUTELy PAINLESS, by n method sue Teeth Teeth cesnfully used exclusively by us. Soft Teeth Teeth palates for tendergum. Nouniiccesnary Teeth Teeth extraction of stumps. Perfect mastication Teeth Teeth guaranteed; misfits remodelled. Country Teeth Teeth patients fitted in ono visit. Apply for our Teeth Teeth Treatise on Teeth; post free. 28a Collins- I'retn Teeth street, Melbourne, betivuon City and Teeth Teeth National Banks: und 110 Sturt-street, Teeth Teeth Ballarat: and Bendlgo-arcade, Brndigo. Teeth A, A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. Teeth Teeth Teeth A REVOLUTION IN DENTISTRY. Teeth Teeth A COMPLETE SET, ONE GUINEA. Teeth Teeth LONDON DENTAL INSTITUTE, Teeth Teeth 500 Collins-strcut (Block side.) Teeth Teeth UPPER or LOWER SETS FITTED Teeth Teeth By ATMOSPHERIC SUCTION, the Teeth Tenth Most Complete SYSTEM of PAINLESS Teeth Teeth DENTISTRY in the WORLD, rtnft Teeth Teeth Palates for tonder gums, perinanont, life- Teeth > Teeth llKe appearance, aud mastication gunran Teeth Teeth teed. Alt work warranted 10 years. Teeth Teeth Book ondnntlotry free on application. Teeth Teeth 300 COLLINH-STKKET. Melbourne; and Teeth Teeth as Hydncy, Brisbane, Adelaide. Beudigo Teeth Teeth and Ballarau Teeth , A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A.A. A.A.A.A. A. A. i- OTTO B. HUG Will NOT RECEIVE ANY PATIENTS , From MONDAY, the 14th, ; Till tlie 28th of SEPTEMBER. A A. A.— Mr. G. A. Hlne, dentist, successor to tho late Mr. Bamford ; 16 years' assistant. 100 Exhi- bltlon-st. ; . A A.— BLITZ 3 PAINLESS DENTISTRY, Elizaboth-street, opposite G. P.O.— Sets, £1 Is., with or without plates, guaranteed, £2 10s. Extractions, pniniesitand gratis. Mr. BLITZ, the old established City Dentist, is a legally qualified .Surgical and Mechanical Dentist, and is recommended by the leading physicians la Melbourne. N.B.— The Teeth supplied by Mr. Blitz at £2 10s. per set have received awards at the Sydney and Melbourne Exhibitions. To avoid confusion with similar name, note No. 213. A— BENNETT'S Artificial Teeth, 5s.; Set, £2 10s.; guaranteed painless method. Bcnnott, 78 Ger- trudc-bt., Fitzroy. ABOVE All Things Truth.— Mr. Binge, chemist. New Gisborne Cures Diseases, men, women, children. when doctors fail. ADAMANTINE TEETH.— .Notice of Removal.— Mr. FRED. ESKELL. Dentist, Begs to Inform ills Patients that he has Removed to more convenient Rooms. No. 213 COLLINH-STItEET (Ground Floor), corner Queun's-walk, op Town Hall. - ADHESIVE Articulating Teeth, lOj.Jid., qiasticntion perfect ; misfitting plates rcqjodciled..,. Hayea ft Binge, dcntiBts, 252 Collins-st. ADVICE from 2«. 6<1.: With meaieinc. froth 5s.. at tho METROPOLITAN BIJRGERY. 99 Exhibition-st. (three doors from Collins-fit), All diseases Men, Women, Children. Hours. 10 to 2, 7 to '9 daily ; Sundays, 10 to, 11. A:— FROUDE'H Dentistry. 119 Hpring-st., next White . Hart Hotel.— Single Tooth, from 5.; raisllts re modelled. rainless extractions free, 10 to 11. ' a FTER 40 years' suffering Uronahinl' Asthma, chred A myself; consulation frcn,. post 4d. stamps. Austin, 212 Nicholson-rt.. Fitzroy. A PERFECT Het of Teeth, £4 4s.; Teeth Extracted quite painless, with laughing gas, cocuioe, ftc. Hayes ft Binge, 252 Coliins-Bt. LF ALINE HERBAJj REMEDIES.— Nerves und Blood Cured.— Nervous Complaints cured perma nently by Hcrr Uasmussen'n Alfaiino Vitality ,Fillf, box, <5.1., course, 23h. 6d. Blood1, Sklo'and Constitutional Diseases cured completely without nierenry, by . his Alfallue Lock Pills, uox 6s., course 23s. 6d. Contivnhess and Irregularity cured by his Liver and Kidney Pills, boxes Is. Sufferers should visit ilerr Rasumssen, or send for his valuable free book, with ndvlce fur blood, liver nad nervous diseases, and inspect hlfl thousands of testimonials from cured sufferers. Electric Belts, 42s. Hcrr HASMUSSEN, tho celebrated Danish Herbalist, 150 Bonrke-strcet, Melbourne. LL SKIN DIrtEASES. — ACNE, ECZEMA, PSORIASIS. VARICOSE VEINS and ULCERS, ftc.; ftc., nnd connected diseases of the digestive and abdominal organs (ladies' complaints, diseases of the PROSTATE pland, kiduoys, ftc.). Successfully Treated, even whon hitherto believed incurable. Hundreds of references in Melbourne. Hours: 10 to I nnd 2 to 5; Saturdays, 11 to 1. Evenings : Monday, Wednesday, Saturday, 7 to 9. A.. BKON'NER. Specialist in Skin Diseases, AUSTRAL-BUILDINGS, 117 COLLINS-STREET EAST, nearly opposite Dr. Bevan's Oliurch. N EXTRACT From SWORN AFFIDAVITS DECLARED BEFORE a JUSTICE Of PEACE in 1E96. RHEUMATISM CAN be COMPLETELY CURED By Mr. C. F. PARKER, Corner of GORE and GERTRUDE STREETS, . FITZROY. Next Street to FOY and GIBSON'S. Mrs. Marks, Devonshire Arms Hotel, Fitzrny-street, near Cycloratna, aged 73 years, after being a cripple, having all the joints stiffened, and suffering agony over 11 months, failing to obtain relief from others, whs completely cured by mo. and has kept in better health since. Miss M. Carney, 73 Palmer-street, Fitzroy, was cured by me over 12 months ago of rheumatic gout, and has been in better health since. Mrs. Nichollo, 25 Hutchison-street, Brunswick, aged 72 yours, after Buffering for 10 years with rheumatism iu every joint, tailing to obtain any relief from orhcr remedies, and had hecu pronounced incurable by five doctors, was completely cured by me In two months. Harry Sanderson, 64 Kerr-street, Fitzroy, was com pletely cured by me when nil his joints were swollen and in acute pain in a few weeks. AN AFFIDAVIT.— TRUE KIDNEY DISEASE. I, Charles Frederick Wallis, of 183, 185, 187 Wellington- street, Coliingwood. in the coiony of Victoria, do solemnly and sincerely declare that for a period of six years 1 bad suffered from a kidney complaint, accont- Fianied by tbo most, acute pain. I had severe backaches, leodaches. urinary troubles and from occasional vomit ings, drowsiness, tremors, ftc. I was treated by Dm. . . . (three doctors), but did not reeetvu any lieneflt from their treatment. In August, 1895, my sufferings were so frost that my life was a burden to myself and family. At frequent intervals 1 was completely prostrated by intense headaches nnd vomiting, and was greatly reduced in bodily weight. About thin time (August) I was recommended to consult Mr. C. F. Parker. 1 obtained prompt relief from tlie first visit, and after a short period of his treatment I felt completely cured and have not had a recurrence of tho symptoms since. 1 have to sincerely thank Mr. Parker for hit skil ful treatment and kind attention, nnd will be happy to give all particulars to anyouc, and would advise all sufferers not to waste their time nnd money elsewhere. (Signed) CHARLES FREDERICK WALLIS. Aod I make this solemn declaration, conscientiously believing tlie same to be true, and by virtue of the pro visions of an Act of Parliament of Victoria rendering persons making a false declaration punishable for wilful and corrupt perjury. (Signed) CHARLES FREDERICK WALLIS. Manufacturer of Oveus, ftc., 183, 185, 187 Wellington- street, Coliingwood. Declared at Coliingwood, in the coluny of Victoria, this 12th day of June, 1896, before me. (Signed) J. LEVENS. J.P. I can testify to the correctness of the above, aod Ltake thts opportunity of thanking Mr. Parker for the great relief he basgiven my husband. (Bd.) LYDlA WALLIS, 62 Bennett-street. Nortli Fitzroy. We. the undersigned, thank Mr Parker moat cordially for tlie great relief lie has given our father after years of great suffering. Wo can ensure the readers of tho above they could not realise the agony lie has gone through and tiie many frights he lias given us, not knowing whether he was going out of hislinind. Any that would like to see him personally can always be welcome.— Behove us very truly yours (Sd.) L. and C. WALLIS, 62 Bennett- street, North Fitzroy- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS. Dear Sir,— I thank you most sincerely for having cured me of sciatica, having suffered most acute pain for a long time, but under your treatment I am glad to say 1 have completely recovered. It is nowfour months since I saw you, and 1 have not had the slightest return of tho pain, one week's treatment having completely cured me. If reference to me will assist any sufferer to try your remedy I shall bo glad at any time to tell them what it has done for nio.— Yours gratefully, Mrs. A. Hughes, 29 Stirling-street, Kew. 29th July, 1896. Dear Hir,— I wish to testify to the euro you have effected of my eon Hush lu June last, after he had been suffering from a very severe attack of rheumatic gout. Your remedy gave him Drompt relief front pain, and com pletely cured him in acoupto of months. lain thankful to say that he has enjoyed splendid health since.— William Hhedden, grocer, corner of Nicholson aud M'Phersou streets, North Cnrltoti. 3rd Heptember, 1896. 12th September, 1896. Dear Sir,— I thank you most sincerely for having cured mc of rhuumatisnfiafter suffering for four years : your remedy gave me prompt relief, and after threo months' U3c I am complotcl? cured. Yours, gratefully (Sigued) M. W— , care of Mrs. D. Hayes, 210 Dryburgh-street, North Melbourne. Mrs. L. Hundcrland, 80 Bell-street, Fitzroy, rhetima tirui and rheumatic fever, in bed three months aud lion- pitnl seven weeks, joints stiffened und in pain, cripple on crutches, cose pronounced incurable nnd hopeless by others. After six weeks' use of remedy, cnu walk 2 miles without crutches or other support, and Joints are com pletely cured. Andrew Nnren, 49 O'Farrell-street, Yorraville, aged 56 years, rheumatism thrco years in every joint, tried doc tors and other remedies without relief, under my remedy is nearly cured. Never had such relief before. Edward W.Guy, 102 Wilson-street. Brunswick, aged 49 years, lost entire use of shoulder joint, stiffened over 6 months. Case pronounced incurable, uuder my remedy is now nearly cured. John Eraser, farmer, Clayton, aged 68 years, rheuma tism 20 years, sciatica 12 years, for past 5 years hud en tirety lost use of left knee joint, helpless cripple on crutches and sticks. Had triad everybody and everything without relief, tinder my remedy is free from pain, is nearly cured, rcgaiuod eutire use of knee joint, And now only uses one stick. John Neison, 115 Thompson-street, Wiitiamstown, aged 73 years, rheumatism and lumbago for years, tried every body and everythiug, under my remedy lumbago cured, and is in first class health. Martin O'Grady, corner of Victoria-parado and Wel lington-street, Coliingwood, aged 54 years, rheumatic ' gout, every joint swollen and in pain, suffered- agony for months, under my remedy has regained entire use of ' joints, except right kuee, is free from paiu, and is dolag well This purely herbal remedy was discovered by mc after , years of original research, being perfectly harmless, and I is the true antidote of lactic and uric acids in the system f (the cause of rheumatism, rheumatic gout, joint swell- lugs, gout, lumbago, sciatica, ftc.). It cured the above , cases, aud over 200 others in this colouy, atid will guaran tee to relieve within 48 hours, and completely euro aftet a short period of trentinont, the most obstinate ease. 1 have used it with the most successful results ovor 12 yeart : iu the East and in Victoria. This secret remedy is not known to anyone else iu the r colonies. Consultation free. Remedy forwarded by post, £1. > Hours : Mornings, 9 till 3 and after 6 p.m. See This Day's "Argus." A— SPLENDID Set of Teeth, £2 10s., satisfuctiot guaranteed ; difficult cases invited, Mr. Benuett . . dentist, 167 Bwanston-st., corner Bourke-st., over Levia than MEDICAL. JKTIKOFFYN TESTIMONIAL. FROM "TIIE VAGABOND." Craig's Royal Hotel, Ballarat, 18th October, 1S95; "Mr. J. H. REED, Chemist, Ballarat. I have been a sufferer from severe chronic asthma for some years, aud the only real relief 1 have had is from your Antikoffyu tablets used in your patent inhaler, the latter one of the simplest, yet one or the most useful, parent in the world. No one suffering from lung or bronchial complaint, should be without the inbatar and supply of the tablets. JULIAN THOMA8. Miss N. ANDERSON, Bunlnyong.— After a fortnight's ubb the Aotikoffyn has completely cured my asthma. No home should be without an Aotikoffyn Inhaler, so useful for Coughs, Colds, Asthma, Bronchitis, Mloers' Complaint and all Lung and Chest Affections. Melbourne retail agents, Hitnpron and Davenport, chemists, Collins-street, Aneikotfyn. Inhaler complete, 5s.; poatage, 6d. extra. Tablets, only 2s, RE YOU AWARE That there is a HERBAL REMEDY For EVERY DISEASE? We can assure you that such is the case, and that every herb used in medicine may be procured at . JOHN BUOADBENT and SON3', Australia's Herbalists, 50 LOWER QUADRANGLE, EASTERN MARKET, Who import every class of Botaoic Drugs. IF YOU ARE SUFFERING From any Disease, or Want any Advice, COME AND BEE US. We make NO CHARGE whatever' FOR ADVICE, nnd shall be pleased to give you the benefit of our experi ence. Office Hours : 9 till 9. Saturdays, 9 till 10. Kxtractfrotn Potter's Bulletin, Loudon, August, 1896, Broadbent's Botanic Multum In Parvo. Prico 6d.,' Cloth Covers. "This little work, which consintt of an index to diseases and their treatment with Botanic Remedies, is already finding great favor in K«gl&ml;, antl bids fnir to have a targe and growing sale. Mr. Prondbcnt, whooccunies the foremost position among herbalists in Australia? is a concise writer, and in this vnlumo of 99 pages uoutrlves to describe the symptom!? nnd cure of about 150 diseases. The remedies being nlmost entirely herbal, tbe attic of this work cannot fail to increase the trade of tlie herbalist selling iu We cannot too highly recommend this , work." Broadbent and Sons will continue to give away gratis to nil applicants in Australia a copy of the above useful work until 3lst December, 1896. After that date copies will be sold at 6d. each. ARE YOU CONSUMPTIVE T— Then read this;— "I have suffered from bronchitis for tlie past five years, which developed into consumption. Leading doctors uia me no good, nnd the Alfred Uospital refuted to take me as a patient, saying I wan too far gone. On the ad vice of a friend I commenced ' treating -myself with Kndatn'e Microbe Killer, und have taken it four mooths. When 1 commenced I could scarcely walk ; now I can walk 6 miles easily. My cough is easier, bleeding entirely ceased, and I liavo GAINED TWO STONE IN WEIGHT. It has saved my life, and I earnestly recom mend it to all consumptives." Pamphlets free of this wonderful discovery. Tlie JiADAM MICROBE KILLER CO., 44 Market-street, Melbourne; G.P.O., Box 160. , ARNOLD'S BALSAM of HOREIIOUND.— Nothing so quickly cures Coughs, Bronchitis. Asthma, Loss of Voice, Influenza aud Weak Chest as this Balsam. Where children have whooping cough, or are liable to croun. always keep it in the house. A single dose quietens and gives instant relief. A small bottle often cures. This Is the beat expectorant now In use. - Rapidly relieves the bronchial tubes by dissolving tho congealed phlegm. hold liy all chemists, dealers and mutual stores. Ask for Arnold's, and get it. Spurious imitations are sometimes offered. AT Turner's genuine Dentistry only, no humbug, Sets, 50s.; cocaine' extractions, 2s. 6it.; gas, 5s.; painless filings, S». 287 Church-st., Richmond. "A. WONDERFUL SUCCESS. WHAT is DISEASE? and by what meaos can it be cured? Many people profess to know both, nnd even those tVho have had a long life training in education and experience in these matters arc still in a fog about them as to what arc the real causc3 of disease and how itshould lie treated. Why is this tho case? This question we think is easily answered. A person may contralto his education from tho time ho is 5 years of age till he Is 25 years old, tnkc his degrees and get a certain .amount of experience, and then what does he find but that he Is wanting in judgment in diagnosing disease, simply be cause be was never intended by nature for his calling ; he makes no success, but failure. It really requires a portion naturally gifted to treat human and other diseases beforo ho can achieve success, as a high standard of education does not cure. It is purely judg ment as to / what the disease is and what treatment should be adopted, and wo venture to think, taking tiie whole populatiou of the world, that not more thau one iu 10,009 is naturally suited to treat human disease aud to cure it. For instance, tako Mentiplay anil Son, 188 Bourko- street, how they have subdued disease by their treatment after all other sources of treatment bave failed, and'the simple reason is answered above. Nature has gifted us, for we succeed in curiug all curable diseases, and havo saved hundreds from an early grave. Wu cure Hydatids no operation being required. Liver ami Kidnoy Com plaints, Marasmus, Bright's Disease, Eczcma.lWeakness arising from any cause, and in fact all other diseases. We challenge tho world to compete with us, aud. the fol- lowing testimonials arc proof ofour success - W. MENTIFLAY and SON, 188 BOURKE-STREET, Melbourne. COPY TESTIMONIAL, Somo time back, when 1 was engaged on the s.s. Despatch, 1 was a good deal troubled now and then with severe pains in my kidneys, and ultimately I got so bad that I could not stand upright. After describiog tbe symptoms to our chief officer ho told me that ho atone time had been suffering from the same complaint, but had been restored to health by taking some of Menti- play's Pills. He strongly advised me to get some and give them a trial. Accordingly 1 called at Mr. Menti- play's establishment, in Bourke-street. Ho (Mr. Menti- play) told mc that if 1 carefully followed out his Instruc tions he wouid soon make tno ail right. 1 purchased a couplo of boxes of his Liver aud Kidney Pills, aud by tbe tiiuc . I had taken the contents 1 felt considerably re more boxes, and beforo 1 had finished tho second lot I was completely cured, and this without having been off my duties for a single hour. It was a lucky day for ino when 1 went to Mr. Mentiptay, for during the time I was taking his pills 1 shifted from the Despatch to the s.s. Alert, and if ray kidneys had not been iu good order when the latter vessel foundered I am certain that it would have been impossible for me to have endured the exposure I experienced during the long time I was in the water. (Signed) ROBERT PONTINO. 21 Dundas- place, Albert Park, South Melbourne, 2ist September, 1895. COPY TESTIMONIAL.? lSth May, 1895. Dear Sir,— I have much pleasure in testifying to the skilful manner in which you have treated me nftor being in the hospital for 3 months, and being under three operations, and given up by all doctors for hyda tids on the liver, 1 was advised to try your wonder ful remedy, which I am pleased to say has completely cured me. Hoping this will be of some use to those who are suffering from that terrible complaint. (Signed) H. KREGNER, Hayes-street, Ironbark, Bendigo, Victoria, COPY OF TESTIMONIAL. Eyre Farm, Catumnal, 20 1 5 1 95. Mr. Mcntlplay. pear Sir,— I beg to tender you my thanks for your success ful treatment of my son. whom you have completely Cured of Hydatids. Prior to him visiting you ho was uuder tho caro of two doctors, neither of whom knew what ailed him. He was also an iumate of the Bendigo Hospital for four months, when the surgeons performed an unsuccsBful operation upon him. I then took him to you, and after a course of your treatment I cnu truly sny ho Is now completely cured. This letter in the in terest of those suffering from hydatids you are at liberty to make what use you llko of. 1 remain, yours respfy., (Signed) WILLIAM HUNT, Eyre Farm, Catumnal. The abovo is true in every particular. (Signed) W.Georoe Hoolsy— Witness. J WONDERFUL MEDICINE BEEOHAM'S PILLSL WORTH A GUINEA A BOX. BEEOHAU'3 PILLS. For s BILIOUS and NERVOUS DISORDERS, Sneh as Sick Headache, Coustipation, Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion, Disordered Liver Aud Female Ailments, BEECH AM S PILLS. In Boxes, 9jd„ Is, lid. and 2s. 3d. BARKERS Herbal Btood Purifier, cures skin, lirer nnd kidney diseases, dropsy, debility, ftc. Barker, herbalist, 337 Simpson's-rd., AbbotafortL. BLOOD Poisoning and all Skin Diseases speedily and permanently cured by Lotherington'a Blood Puri i fier and Lotions ; 2s. 6d. bottle. 14 Napier-sk, Fitzroy. OLUSBING.— Cure, speedy, permanent; either sex. D Prescription posted 2s. 6d. Miss Watson, 31 Graham- St.. Albert Pk. CANCER and Tumor, internal or external, Cured painlessly without operation. Write particulars to J. James, Ringwood, Victoria. DANDELION and Caseara Liver Tonic cures consti pation, headache, indigestion; price 2s., postage 9d. Hill, chemist. Auburn tram terminus. i ... . . DENTISTRY.— Town and Couutry Patients fitted in one day, thorough fit, perfect mastication ; fees, very moderate. George Note, 151 Bwaniton-su MEDICAL. : COUGHS. COLDS on the CHEST BRONCHITIS nnd ASTHMA, Rapidiy Cured by - lIEARNE'tt BRONCHITIS CURE. Those who have taken this medicine are amazed at its wonderful influeuce. Sufferers from any form of bron chitis, distressing cough, difficulty of breathing, hoarse ness, pain or sorenosa in the chest, experience delightful and immediate relief, and to those who are subject to colds on the chest Itis invaluable, as It effects a rom- filete cure. It is most comforting In allaying tickling and rritation in the throat, and giving strength to the voice, nnd it nevrrallows a cough or asttuua to become chronic. No house should be without it. as, taken at the begin- Ring, n dosCis generally sufficient, aud a complete cure is L-criaiu. ' "Mr. W. G. HEARNE.— Dear Sir,— Your medicine has cured me of bronchitis and nstbroa, from which 1 suffered for upwards of seven years, during which period 1 was scarcely ever free from coughs, and fre quently the difficulty of breathing was so distressing that fur nights in succession I had to sit tip. I write yoti this acknowledgment from a sense of duty, as in my case every other treatmciithad failed. For a year previouslhad been getting very much worse, and at the time 1 obtaiued your medieino I was confined to bed suffering from a most violent cough, expoctorsting blond anil matter, and apparently beyoud hope of recovery. 'J'ho first dnsc of tho mediclue gave mc welcome relief, and I steadily Improved as 1 continued the treatment, until 1 Ix'irunie, an 1 am dow, quite well.— Yours sincerely, H. WALKER, Bal main. Hydney." "My son. 6 years old, had BronehiUs for 12 months The noise in throat and along back of lungs, and tho cough, caused me great anxiety. I tried several treat ments. Cough mixtures and poultices were used, -and piasters were applied to the bacV and chost without, sun- cess. I bought a large size bottlQ of Uearne's Bronchitis Cure, and after my boy had taken this medicine for iibout 10 days he was perfectly cured.— J. PA'PTERAbN. Solicitor, Tamworth, New South Wales." l!U! ' Prepared only and sold wholesale and retail by.- tho proprietor, W. G. HKAKKK, Chemist, Geelqng, Vic toria. Small sizes, 2s. 6d.; large, 4s. 6d..- Su(. by. chemists and medicine vendors. Forwarded by post to any address wheo not obtafnablo locally. ' Dlt. G. F. THOMAS, Legally Qualified and Regis tered.— This Eminent .Specialist hks passed' Both English Colleges' Triple Examination. Cousult&Yiofl; by letter, 10s.; personal, with mciiiclnc, from .7«r. 6d> L»10h. Nervous Debility, Skin nnd L'Jood Diseases .Specialty.' 167 Colllns-Htrcet east, three doors front Russell-street, | Mel- bonrne. Hours, 10 a.m. to 8.30 p,m. . t iSTRICT Medical Club. 513. F.liznboth-sf., Markot- buildings. 2to3aad7to9. Advice aiid'ineUicine, 2s. 6d. Dr. Moloney, surgeon. /: - JVANS'S Medical Jiail and 'Dispensary, Exhibition 2j st., established over 35 years.— Good Opening ' for energetic chemist. Retail could he greatly enlarged. Fixtures, stock, everything. Genuine, bargain. I Jjj Consult 15. iiolltuidr hair specialist. "193 Colllns-st., op. 'Athcmetttn. H A I It restored to color, no dye or stain; tamp9,23. 6d. 338 Drummond-st.. Carlton, - i HEADACHE", fulness and throbbing of head! dizzi ness, drowsiness, constipation, impurities, bilknis disorders, obstructions, irregularities of the>syleni quickly removed by HKAKNliS TONIC APERIENT 1'IIjLS, which alio arouao cheery feelings of healthful vigor. In boxes, prico Is., chemists and medicine ven dors, or by return post from the proprietor, W. G. Qearoc, chouiist, Geelong. INSOMNIA. Debility, Nervousness, Inebriety, all irre- gularitlesqu'ickly Cured, inexpensive, scientific treat- ment. Write A. Royson, Carlton, Melb. JONES'S Mallea Brand Mcutho Eucalypti is simply marvellous for Heaaachc, Toothache, Neuralgia, Influenza : Is. Colo's. A D I E 3. LADIES. LADIES. You will save time and money by consulting or writing to me before going elsewhere. Mrs. HOPE'S Unrivalled Remedy Restores REGU LARITY without medicine whatever. A method quite Eiaints, or money returned. Full particulars of ireatmcot y personal consultation or letter, free. Iioc'ose two stamps. Hours, 10 a.m. till 6 p.m. OLARA HOPE, 261 Collins-street, between Elizabeth aud Swaoston streets, opposite The Block. A DIES. LADIE S Madame SIEDEL GUARANTEES to RESTORE REGULARITY, With or without medicine, Method quite Harmless, s Aod Cure ail Female Complaints. No charge till euro effected. Consultation free. Letters promptly answered. Hours, 10 morning till 9 evening. Saturdays, 10 till 12a.m. Address— 109 BWANbTON-STKEKT, near Collins- street, opposite Town Hall, Melbourne. LADIES,— Nurse Walsh's Pill? restore regularity in 24 hours. A woman's wonderful discovery. Posted, 5s. American Remedy Depot, EUzabeth-st., Melb. Ladies only.— ladies,— Mrs. w. t. ashlf.y. M.E. and S.F.D., late of London and Paris, GUARANTEES to RESTORE REGULARITY by a new and unique method, never before practised in Vic toria. Before going elsewhere call or write, nnd consult mo (freo of charge). No stomach drugging. Failure im possible. A curt guaranteed or money refunded. Health, time and money saved. Consulting hours from lu a.m. till 6 p.m. daily. Monday, Wednesday and Saturday evenings until 9. Couutry letters promptly answered. Encloae stamp. Address— Mrs. W. T. ASHLEY, 231 and 283 Collins-street, threo doors from Elizabeth-street, opposite Block-arcade. T ADIES.— Dr. Boxwell's Female Pills (registered) JUrescore regularity, any cause ; sure, safe. AU cnoaiists; or 539 Elizaiieth- st., Melb.; Ss. 6d. per box. . LADIES.— Safety PIUs Restore Regularity when every thing else fails, highly recommended. Box posted, 7a. 6tL Professor Hantmont, Errol-st., N. Melb. LADIES.— Marvellous Success of Botanic Remedies. Irregularities removed in few hours, guaranteed Call or writs. Hours, 9 to 5. Professor MAX WERNE, £ 237 Collins-street. 1' ADIES,— Try my Guaranteed Cure : resists all irregu J Ipnties; advice free. Mrs. Warriss, 89 Moor-st., Fitzroy. fADIGS.— Mrs. Lomert Restores Regularity, with or j without medicine, no charge until cure effected, 53 Elizabech-st, city. LADIES.— Reliabio Remedy for Irregularities, guar anteed, price 5s. : advice free , hours 10 till 9. Writo Mrs. Gould, 144 Elizabeth-nt. IADIES.—Nur8c, guarantees Restore Regularity; no J cure no pay; letters answered. Mrs. Marsh, 16 Hanovcr-st., Fitzroy. 1 ADIES.— Mrs. Lomerb positively Guarantees Re- ju store Regularity in few hours Ss.; letters attended. Hours 10 till 9, 53 Ellzabeth-st., city. LADIES.— Irregularities Removed, speedy and inex pensive, hydropathic treatment. Mdine. Larue, 28 Johnston-st., between Nicholson und Brunswick sts., Fitzroy. LADIES.— Madame Florence, registered herbal' spe cialist. restores irregularities immediately ; 30 years' experience ; pills, 5s. 6d. box. Oxford House, 71 Victoria pur., Coliingwood. LADIES.— Mrs. MARCnMONT guarantees to RE STORE REGULARITY, and Cure all Female Complaints. No Charge till Cure is Effected. Advice free. Letters promptly answered. Hours, 10 till 9. Ad dress M. MARCHMONT, 40 Brunswick-street, North Fitzroy. LADIES i— Try my guaranteed Remedy, it positively restores regularity in few hours; price. 5s.; letters promptly answered, advice free; hours, 10 till -9. Mrs. Gould, 144 Eiizabeth-st., Melb. LADIES.— Regularity Restored, certain, prompt and inexpensive. Terms, ftc.,. Mrs. Lovel, 33 Cau te.rbury-rd., Toorak. ' LADIES.— My Remedy is a certain cure for Irregu- laritics; guaranteed, advice free. Mrs. Gould, 144 Eiizabeth-st, near Bourke-st. Lombard i a, lomba'rdia, o m b a r d i a, lomba'rdia, lomiiard1a, lomuard1a, k l o m b a r d i a, lombakdia, l o m h a r d i a, l o m b a h d i a l o m b a r'd i a,' lombakdi a lombakdia, l o m b a r d i a, jj u m o a n u i ii, u u oi » a tv u i A, LOMBAKDIA, LOMBAKDIA, the great pile specific. It U one's own fault if he suffers for only one moment As LOMBAKDIA never fails. To be had from all chemists and storekeepers. Price, 28\. 6d. Ask your chemist or storekeeper for a pot of LOMBAKDIA, and take no other. MAORI Alpine Ointment, the mighty healer. Retail agent, J. M'Cann, hair dresser, Cathedral-bull dings, 48 Swanston-st,, city. MARKELL'S PILL'S. A Triumph in Medicine. MARKELL'S CURE PILLS MAKKKLLS Liver PILLS MARKELL'S Stouiach«v PILLS MARKELL'S Bowel, PILLS MARKELL'S Kidney PILLS MARKELL'S Complaints, PILLS MARKELL'S Nervous PILLS MARKELL'S Ailments PILLS MARKELL'S Blood PILLS MARKELL'S Diseases, PILLS MARKELL'S Female PILLS MARKELL'S Complaints, PILLS MARKELL'S Constipation, PILLS MARKELL'S Biliousness, PILLS MaKKF.LI/S Indigestion. PILLS MARKELL'S Headache, ftc. PILLS MARKELL'S Obtainable at PILLS MARKELL'S Ail chemists, PILLS MARKELL'S Storekeepers, PILLS MARKELL'S And grocers 1'ILLS MARKELL'S Everywhere, PILLS MARKELL'S Is. per box. PILLS Melbourne visit oks Consult Dr. L. L. SMITH, 41 ColUns-atrueL Mornings und Evenings. Fee by Letter, £1.. MR. Sclim De Saxe, Surgeon Dentist, 122 Russetl- Bt., established 1870.— Operations Painless; uoconaeu tiou other persou game name. MU. GEORGE S P R I G G S, Medical Herbalist, Receives Patients Dally at His Residence . 14 Bruoswick-strect South, EAST MELBOURNE. Honrs: 10 to 4; Thursdays, 7 to 9, Send for Pamphlet, with particulars, testimonials. Posted Free. MR. Sue Kee, Chinese healer, 24 Nicholson-st., Fitz roy, op. Exhibition Gardens. Internal aud external diseases treated successfully. CHINESE HEALER. To Mr. SUE KEE. 24 Nicbolson-street. Fitzroy, 8th September, 1696. Dear Sir,— 1 have much pleasure in testifying toyour skill in roy case. I have been suffering from continuous hemorrhage, uodhave been under several leading doctors: also had-an operation performed, but witl? no success, as 1 gradually got woree. Hearing of your skill in such cases, I placed myself uuder your treatment, nnd niter three days felt considerable relief, and at the end of a fortnight was cured.— Mrs. A. EARL, 407 Cardigan street, Carlton. NERVOUSNESS, Corebro spinal Diseases, Locomotor Ataxia, Semi-Paralysis. Dr. Browu-Scquard's treat moot. Dr. L. L. Smith, Collins-sU NEURALGIA instantly relieved by Lotherington'a Neuralgia Pills, one box cures the most severe attack; la. aod 2s. 6d.« post free. 14 Napler-st, Fitzroy. NO more Dyes, no more Stains for Coloring Grey Hair Natttraliner acts naturally, quickly and effectively. NO moru Unsightly Grey Hairs Disfiguring Young . Faces. Holland's Naturaliuer restores tlie Color iu Every Caso Naturally. ' ONE BOX of CLARKE'S U41 PILLS is warranted to enro all irregularities of the Urinary Organs iu either sex (ucquired or constitutional), Gravel and Pains iu the Back. Boxes, 4s. 6d. each, of chemists, everywhere. Proprietors, Liucolu and Midland Drug Co., Lincolu, England. PILES.— Poplar Pile Cure, registered, certain cure, 3s, 6d. and 5s. 9d., carriage paid. M. Packer, Bendigo- st., off Blgh-st., Prahran. Pamphlets, PILES.— One Box Egyptlau Pile Remedy guaranteed to cure auy case known. Posted, Is. Id. 375 Elizv beth-sL PILE9, itching, bleeding, years standing, withoiit operation ; likewise other complaints ; testimonial! confirm iu Mr. May, Pcel-st.', Smith-st. SUFFERERS.— Particulars free how I accidentally found a Cure for Debility, Nervousness, ftc., after specialists failed.- Harotd H. Bell, O.P.O., Melb. TO Mr. TOR LEE, CHINESE MEDICAL HERBALIST, 12 Nicholson-street, Fitzroy. Dear Sir,— 1 have much pleasure in testifying to tho efficacy of your treatment'. I was suffering from inflam mation of the lungg, nnd had been troubled with a dry, cnoktng cough, like asthma, for threo years, which caused me to lose much sleep at night, and now, after being under your treatment, I feel completely cured. I will bo most happy to recommend you to all who may be suffer ing. Thanking you, 1 remain, dear sir, yours truly, 119 Argylo-street, St. KUda. DAVID PENMAN. ' MEOfCAl, SUFFERERS Consult at once by letter or personally, Mr. Radford, 325 ColUns-st. Medicines forwarded any colony. THE ARMENIAN ELIXIR of VITALITY, or LIFE TONIC. This wonderful Tonic is tho reclpi of a celebrated Armenian physician. It is largely used by all the Asiatic races. It is the ooly known remedy guaranteed to euro nervousness and spinal debility, partial or total loss of manhood, and all thelrattendant evils. It is guaranteed to give Wonderful Results in ONE WEEK, and a total cure Is generally effected iu from two to three weeks. It Is stroogly recommended to Consumptive and Rheumatic patients. ONE TABLESPOON FUL IS EQUAL TO TWO DOZEN OYSTERS. \- When it Is mentiooed that amongst Its ingredients IRON and PHOSPHORUS largely preponderate, nothing further need be said as to its wonderful strength ening and restorative qualities. Three of the most powerful tonics known to the medical world are scienti fically blended. Incases, 20s., lis., 6x, forwarded to all parts of tiic colonies; 20s. cases forwarded upon receipt of Ono Pound Noto, Postal Note or .Post Ofiice Order; Us. aud 6a. caso require Is. extra for postage. K. J. M'FAULANE, Chemist, ftc., _ 72 EUzabeth-strcet, Melbourne, near Latrobe-street. THE true Remedy Naturafiser for restoring grey hair to its natural color discovered at last; 5s. 6d. per I Kittle. j. f POR Lee, Chinese Medical Herbalist, 12 Nlcholson-st., X Fitzroy, op. Exhibition Gardens. Successful treat- ment diseases, internally and externally. YOUNG Men, write to nie for Valuable Free Book, _ concerning yourselves. Professor K. B. Hermann, specialist. 41 Collins-pi., Melb. 