? From a letter from Mr E. Meadows to the Argvi we make the following ratract:— I think the time has arrived when a little more detail as to the requirements of the different markets in England should be better known. Up to tiie present time the bulk of consignments have gone to London, which is without doubt the best distributing centre iń the world, and provincial hovers have hitherto been in the habit of going there to select the butter best adapted to .their particular locality. My reason for writing you to-day is to point out to factory managers and directors the necessity of first of all ascertaining the texture, shade of color, and percentage of salt required for the various districts; so far as I have been able to discover nothing has been said about this yet, consignments being merely sought for with-, out Tegard to the special wants of each community. This is a subject upon which information should be provided Uy theHomseB soliciting consignments when appearing for die first time on this market, and I am of opinion that if representatives of these houses were buying instead of soliciting consignments they would be very careful in their selections. It cannot be too well known, for instance, that Manchester requires butter without any additional color to that produced by the natural grass, and I think they are very wise. The same rule applies there to cheese, which I pointed out in a letter that you were good enough to publish for me some two or three years ago. Liverpool and other cities in the north arc not so exacting in this matter, though each has its own peculiarity, but as we travel south the oolor and make of butter such as we have been sending have given great satisfaction. X notice that Mr Sinclair very recently called attention to the fact that Australian butter was too dry for tiie Manchester trade, in which he was quite correct. While in Newcastle, Glasgow, Dundee, &C-;, I had a good opportunity of inspecting Danish butter with the different importers, men who bad given a lifetime to the trade, and was a great deal surprised to learn the science to which they have brought this industry. I examined several different shipments of Danish butter, and the buyers were very careful to point out to me tiieamount of moisture they required the butter to show for their particular trade. Noticing that one merchant had several hundred cwt. casks in stock I remarked to him that it surprised me very much that Scottish people should allow the Danes to come and take this business, and asked why the residents in the country did not supply therequiremcntsof their own markets, and the reply was. "Ton see, sir, the Danes send competent men over here to ascertain exactly what we want, and they go back and produce it; the result is before you." I may add here that the only place that bad butter as put before me during my travels was .berdeen. There it was the local farmers' make, and its presence on the table was selfevident. If consignments are made to the Xorth of England indiscriminately the result will be that a great deal of butter that would be considered firstquality in London or Wales would be only second or even third rate in the northern cities, where a different color and make is popular, and then, having missed its market in the north, would have to be sent to London to find buyers. My visit to Europe lias convince! me that will be a long time yet before these colonies ate able to make any impression -upon the butter trade of England with the Continent. An accident happened in the Great Extended Hustler's mineon Wednesday morning to a man named John Speechlcy, who was engaged sinking the shaft 50ft. below the bottotą level. A man named English, working in tiie level, overturned a bucket containing two picks, one of which fell on Speechley's head, fracturing his skull. The unfortunate man was brought to the hospital, where the operation of trephining the skull was successfully performed, Mr B. J. Jacobs, residing at Petersham (N.S.W.), was on Monday night discovered lying across the railway line at Petersham dead, his body being cut in two. He was crossing from one platform to another when he was struck by a train and killed. No business was transacted at Wednes- day's sitting of the Legislative Council, owing to the death of Mr George Davis. M.L.C. It was decided that the House should adjourn till Tuesday out of respeot to the memory of pie deceased statesman. With the view of strengthening the military forces in South Africa, the British Government has despatched the 9th (Queen's fioyal) Regiment of Lancers to Cape Town. The Brazilians and the Italian immigrants had a brush in the Brazilian province of San Paulo, several persons bring killed and 40 injured. The -Bev. Father Murphy, of St, Mary's Church, head priest of the Castlemaine district, was presented on Tuesday evening with a purse of sovereigns by the congregation of St. Brigid's Church, Maldon. A fire occurred at a Mr Shepherd's store at Linton at an early hour on Wednesday morning. The whale place was destroyed, the fire brigade being helpless, as no water was available, The occupants narrowly csoaped being burnt to death. 