THS £SFUBX,XCA2T FLAT FORM- The Republicans of the United States, assembled by their representatives in National Convention, appealing for the popular and historical justification of their claims to the matchless achievements of 30 Tears of Republican rule, earnestly and con fidently address themselves to the awakened intelligence, experience and conscience of tbeir countrymen in the following declara tion of facts and principles - For tbe first time since the Civil War the American people have witnessed the calamitous consequences of full and nn xestrai&ed; Democratic control of the Govern ment. It has been a record of unparalleled incapacity, dishonor and disaster. In ad ministrative management it hat rnthleisly sacrificed indispensable revenue, entailed an unceasing deficit, eked out ordinary current ?expenses with borrowed money, piled up the public debt by 2G2,000,000dolB. in time ot jpeace, forced an adverse balance of trade, kept a perpetual menace hanging over the redemption fund, pawned American credit to alien syndicates, and reversed all the measures and results of successf nl Republican rule. In the broad effect of its policy it has precipitated panic, blighted industry and Tirade with prolonged depression, closed factories, reduced work and wages, halted ?enterprise, and crippled American produc tion wiule stimulating foreign production for the American market. Every considera tion of public safety and individual interest demands tbat the Government shall be rescued from tbe hands of those who ,haia shown themselves incapable of condncting it without disaster at home and dishonor abroad, and shall be restored to the party -which for 30 years administered it wittan ?equalled success and prosperity. A PROTECTIVE TAB1FF. We renew and emphasize our allegiance to the policy of protection as the bulwark of American industrial independence and the foundation of American development and prosperity. This trne American policy taxes foreign products and encourages home in dustry i it puts the burden of revenue on foreign goods, It secures the American market fO,r the American producer ; it up holds the American standard of wages for the American worlcingman ; it pnts the factory by the side of the farm, and makes the American farmer less dependent on foreign demand and price ; it diffuses general thrift and founds the strength of all on the strength of eaeb. In its reasonable applica tion it is inst, fair and impartial, equally ?oppoBed to foreign control and domestic monopoly, to sectional discrimination and individual favoritism. We denounce the present Democratic tariff as sectional, injurious to the public credit, and destructive to business enterprise. Wa demand such eqnitable tariff on foreign im ports which come into competition with American products as will not only furnish adequate revenne for the necessary expenses of the Government, but will protect American labor from degradation to the wage level of other lands. We are not pledged ,to any particular schedules. The question of rates is a practical question, to be governed by the conditions of the time and of production ; the ruling and uncompromising principle is the protection and development of American labor and industry. The country demands a xight settlement, and then it wants rest. BECIFKOCITY WITH OTHER NATIONS. We believe the repeal of the reciprocity arrangements negotiated by the last Re publican administration was a national calamity, and we demand their renewal and extension on such termB as will equalize our trade with other nations, remove the re strictions which now obstruct the sale of American prodncts in the ports of other countries, and secure enlarged markets for the products of our farms, forests and factories. Protection and reciprocity are twin measures of Republican policy, and go handl in hand. Democratic rule has recklessly etruck down both, and both must be re established. Protection for what we pro duce, free admission for the necessaries of life which we don't produce, reciprocal agreements of mutual interest which gain open markets for us in return for our open market to others. Protection builds up. domestic industry and trade and secures our own market for ourselves. Reciprocity builds up foreign trade and finds an outlet Jfor our surplus. ; PROTECTION TO SUGAR PRODUCERS. We condemn ths present administration for not keeping faith with the sugar pro daoers of this country. The Republican party favors such protection as will lead to the production on American soil of all the sugar which the American people nse, and for -which they paj other countries more than 100,000,000dole. annually. WOOL AND -WOOLLENS. To all our produce — -o those of the mine and the field, as we:i m to those of the shop and the factory — to h rmp — to wool, the pro duct of the great inJuBtry of sheep husbandry, as .well -is to the finished woollens of tbe mill-- we promise the most Kmnle nrotection. MERCHANT MARINE. We favor restoring the early American nolicy of discriminating duties for the up braiding of our merchant marine and the protection of our shipping. in the foreign^ carrying trade, so that American ships— tbe product of American labor employed in American shipyards, sailing uqder the Stars and i Stripes, and manned, officered and owned by Americans — may regain the carry ing, of onr foreign commerce. THE FINANCIAL ISSUE* The Republican party is unreservedly for sound money. It caused the enactment of she law providing for tho resumption of specie payments in 1879; since then every dollar has been ob good as gold. We are unalterably opposed to every . I .. measurfc calculated to debase our currency or impair the credit of our country. We are, therefore, opposed to the free coinage of silver, except by international agreement with the leading commercial nations of the W9rld, which we pledge ourselves to promote, and until such agreement can be obtained the existing gold standard most be preserved. All our silver and pap^r currency must be maintained at parity with gold, and we favor all measures designed to maintain in violably the obligations of the United States, and all onr money, whether coin or paper, at the present standard, the standard of the most enlightened nations of the earth. PENSIONS FOR VETERANS. The veterans ot the Union armies deserve and shonld receive fair treatment and generous recognition. Whenever practicable they should be given the preference in the matter of employment, and they are entitled to the enactment of snch laws as are best calculated to seenre the fulfilment of the pledges made to then in the dark days of the country's peril. We denounce the practice of the Pension Bureau so recklessly and nnjastly carried on by the present ad ministration, of reducing pensions and arbitrarily dropping names from the rolls, as deserving the severest condemnation of the American people. FOREIGN RELATIONS. Onr foreign policy should be at all times firm, vigorous and dignified, and all our interests in the western hemisphere carefully watched and guarded. The Hawaiian Islands should be controlled by the United States, and no foreign power should be permitted to interfere with them. The Nicaragua Canal should be built, owned and operated by the United States, and by the purchase of the Danish Islands we should secure a proper and much-needed naval station in the West Indies. ARMENIAN MASSACRES. The massacres in Armenia have aroused the deep sympathy and just indignation of the American people, and we believe that the United States should ezcercise all the influence it can properly exert to bring these atrocities to an end. In Turkey, American residents have been exposed to the gravest dangers and American property destroyed. There and everywhere American citizens and American property muBt be absolutely 'pro tected at all hazards and at any cost MONROE DOCTRINE. We reassert the Monroe dootrine in its full extent, and we reaffirm the tight of the United States to give the doctrine effect by responding to the appeal* of any- American State for friendly intervention in case of European encroachment. We - have not interfered, and shall not interfere, with the existing possessions of any European power in this hemisphere, but those possessions must not, on any pretext, be extended. We hopefully look forward to the eventual withdrawal of the European powers from tbis hemisphere, and the ultimate union of all the English-speaking part of the conti nent by the free consent of its inhabitants. INDEPENDENCE OF CUBA. From the hour of achieving their own independence the people of the United States have regarded with sympathy the struggles of other American peoples to free themselves from European domination. We watch with deep and abiding interest the heroic battle of the Cuban patriots against cruelty and oppression, and our best hopes go out for the full success of their determined con test for liberty. - The Government of Spain, having lost control of Cuba, and being unable to protect the property or lives of resident American citizens or to comply with its treaty obliga tions, we believe that the Government of the United States shonld actively use its influence and good offices to restore peace and give independence to the island. ENLARGEMENT OF THE NAVY. The peace and security of the Republic and the maintenance of its rightful influence among the nations of the earth demand a naval power commensurate with its position and responsibility. We therefore favor the continued enlargement of the navy, and a complete system of harbor and seacoast defences. IMMIGRATION LAWS. For the protection of the equality of our American citizenship and of the wages of our workingmen against the fatal competi tion of low-priced labor, we demand that the immigration laws be thoroughly enforced, and so extended as toexolude from entrance to the United States those whs can neither read nor write. CIVIL SERVICE The CHtil Service law was placed on the statute book by the Bepnblican party, which has always sustained it, and we renew our repeated declarations that it shall be thoroughly and honestly enforced and ex tended wherever practicable. FREE BALLOT. We demand that every citizen of the United States shall be allowed to cast one free and unrestricted ballot, and that such ballot shall be counted and returned as cast, LYNCHING CONDEMNED. We proclaim onr unqualified condemna tion of the uncivilised and barbarous prac tices, well-known as lynching or killing of human beings, suspected or charged with crime, without process of law. NATIONAL ARBSITRATION. We favor the creation of a National Board of Arbitration to settle and adjust differences which may ariBe between em ployer and employed engaged in interstate Commerce. FREE HOMESTEADS. We believe in an immediate return to the free homestead policy of the Republican party, and urge the passage by Oongress of the satisfactory free homestead measure whioh hike already passed the House, and is now pending in the Senate. ADMISSION OF TERRITORIES. We favor the admission of the remaining Territories at the earliest possible date, having due segard to the interests of the people of the Territories and of the United States. All the Federal officers appointed for the Territories shall be selected from bona fide residents thereof, and the right of Belf-government shall be accorded as far as practicable. ALASKA REPRESENTATION. ' We believe ths citizens of Alaska shonld have representation in the Congress of the United States, to the end that needful legis lation may be intelligently enacted.. DUUrl VAItZ ? We sympathise' witti' all wise 'and legiti mate efforts to lessen' and prevent the evils of intemperance and promote morality.' ' RIGHTS OF WOMEN. The Bepnblican' party is mindful of the rights ahd interests of women. Protection of American industries includes equal opportunities, equal pay f or 'equal work ahd protection to .the heme. We favor the admission of women to wider spheres of . nse fulness, and welcome their co-operationin rescuing the country from Democratic and Fopulistic mismanagement ahd misrule. Such are the principles and policies of the Republican party. By these principles we will abide and these principles wa will put into execution. We ask for them the con siderate judgmentof the American people. Oonfident aliae in the history of our great party and in the justice of onr cause, we present our platform and onr considerations, in the full assurance that the election will' bring victory to the- Republican party; and prosperity to the people of the United States. 