LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. Tub annual, mooting of -tho Toowoomba Ladies' Benevolent Society will taka ptneo to morrow (Friday) eveuing in tho School of Art. Mr. W. II. Groom, M.L.A , will pro- sldo. Nominations for Committoo and Officer will close to-day (Thursday). Tjib Rtmiml public meeting of the Women's Christian Temperance Union v- ill bo held in tho Institute, Margaret-street, this (Thurs day) evening at 8 o'olook. Addro-se will bo delivered by tho Rov. J. Orookatou und tho Rov. J. Prowso. Thoro will also bo songs and recitations, besides several pionoforto se lection by Miss Hodgson, L.R A.M. EvRRViiODY in town is going to tbu Football Matcli next Saturday, IpHwiclu v. Too woomba. 4410 Wb direct nttontlou to Messrs, R. Sinclaii and Oo.'s snlo this day on tho premises, Ruthvou-etrcot, of tlio wholo of tho otock-in- trade, plant, &o.; , in tho estate of Francis O'Reilly, in liquidation. Full particulars will be found in our business columns. Member of tho Toowoomba Turf Club aro notified that tho annual meoting will bo held at tho Club Hotol this (Thursday) evening, at 8 p.m. . when tho annual toport aud balance- sheet will bo presented and officers elected for tbo ensuing year. During tho last 48 hour tho weuthcr hu been exceedingly changeable, and judging from tbo tompcrnturo experienced hero last evening tho winter can scarcely bo said to have passed away yet. On Monday tho tem perature wa warm cuough for HUinmor. On Tuesday afternoon a change set in nnd about 5.30 p.m. n smart shower fell. Yesterday morning broke wet, but ns tbo sun roso the weather cleared, although ono or two light showoi foil during tho day. Toward even ing a strong cold westerly wind art in and lost night groat coots and fires wero in re quisition, Tub finest Football Matoh of tho eenfon, Saturday noxt, on tho Shoiv Grounds, Ipswich v. Toowoomba. " 4116 The Settler will bo published at noon to morrow, ond will bo despatched by all tho outgoing western and south-ftrostern mail in time to bo delivered to all our couutry sub scribers early on Saturday morning. The special mrriculturalartiolothis week will bodo- voted to tho interesting subject of " Judging at Shows." Among tho other articles of special interest to farmers will bo " Breeding Fjgs," Management of Pigs," u Pig Feed ing Experiment!" " Danish Pig Raising," "Horses," "Horso Rations," " Hints for Storing Potatoes," "Poultry Notes," &o.;, &o.; Thoro will bo loading articles on "A Chapter of Progress," and " Immigration ond Land Settlement." Thi week' £M/wwill also contain " Tho AuHtrulian Cricketer in England," (tho Gloucestershire aud Somer setshire matches) 1 Proceedings in Patlia- tnout" (Local members spocohoA on tho Tariff Bill) " Marsupial Taxation," "Tho Presidential Election in tho United States," " A Romarkablo Shipment," "Close of tho Mntabclo War" (Cecil Rhodes' Triumph), ? Country News," "Turf Notes," "Cycling Notes," "'Polo Notes," 11 Coursing Notes," oil tho local news of tho week, latest commer cial .and market reports, tales and skotchcs, ladies column, household uotos, latest cablo mcssagos and iutorcolonial' telograms, and a lnrgo amount nf reading for tho farm and tho home. Tho cheapest and brightest paper on tho Downs. Price, 3d. ; 4. por quarter. Try it. Don't mis tho Football Matoh, Ipswich v. Toowoomba, Saturday next, on the Show Grounds. 4414 Dtoiko tho progress of tbo football matoh, Royal Enfioida v. Trilby, ou tho R. A. Society's grounds yestorday afternoon a rathor senou accidont happened to onoof tlio playors. Within ton minutes of tho call of time Mr. J. Taylor, ono of tho Royal Enfield team, was brought heavily to tho ground by two of tho opposing side with tho result that hi loft iirm was broken; Tlio injured player was immediately conveyed to Dr. Gurdo's surgery where tbo broken limb was set. Mr Taylor is progressing as well as can boox- pcotcd, but bo will not bo ablo to attend to bis usual duties for some weeks. Tho Royal Eufields won tho match by 15 tc 3. The draught match which was played on Saturday night botweaa the To.woomba and Highficids clubs did not como off owing to a dispute botwecn tho teams (writes a corres pondent). Tho players, six a side, mct iu Mr. M. Campbell's club rooms but unfortu nately no definite arraugemontcould bo arrived at aB to tho lino of play. Tho condition on which tho Highficids tcuin wished to play woro, that each player ploy two games each with three of tbu opposing side, or six games por. man. To this tho Toowoomba olub ob jected and wanted to play four games caoIi with ono man ouly. Tho visiting team con tended that by confining tho play with ono man only it wus no test of tho relative playing strength of tho olubo. Tho circumstances of ith'o matter woro highly disappointing to the. imembors of tlio Highficids team, as they bad gone to tho expends of tho match, nnd omo had came a distauooof 45 and 30 miles to take part in tho game, und expooted a littlo courtesy from thoir opponent. Tho Highfiolds playois nro anxlou to havo tho matter sot'lcd by a match at Highfiolds, aud will play Toowoomba six a eido or eight ; two game per man. The many friends of Mr. and Mrs. Gowlott, of Highficids, will regret to learn of tho un timely dcuth of thoir youugest daughter, Abboy, which occurred in Brisbano yesterday morning at 5 o'clock, nt tbo residence of hor brother-in-law, Mr. G. French. Thodeceasod loft Highficids on Wednesday, 12th in«t, to apend a short holiday in Brisbano. She com- pluiued of a slight oold on louviug, but nothing serious wis anticipated. She attended tho Exhibition, and shortly nftorwaid took seriomdy ill. Tho best medical aid was pro cured, aud ber parent sent for, but, notwlth- stanuing tbo greatest caro, sho gradually sauk. The young lady ut tho thno of ber deceaso wus 15 years old, aud was a general favorite in tho Higlifields district. The body was couvoyed by train to Toowoomba last night, aud tho funeral will loavo tho residenco of her parent at 2 o'olook to-day for inter ment in tlio Higlifields coinotery. Thu parents and family havo the deepest sympathy of all in their sad bereavement. The annual publio meeting in connootiou with tbo Salvation Army's social movement wo hold in tho Temple, Turbot-strcet, Bris bane, on Monday night. Tlio lnrgo Meoting Hall was crowded to its utmost capacity, ond thoro was scarcely room for tho lurgo nuinbor of people who sought admission. His Ex- cellcnoy tho Governor, presided, and there were on the platform tho Hon. H. Tozer, Messrs. W. H. Groom and T. Finney, MM.L.A., Mr. P. Pinnock, t)io colony taff, Brigadier Kyle, Major Robinson, Staff- Captains Hoaro nnd Morgan, Adjutant Bishop, Osborno, and Alvcston, Captain Storio, and many other offi or. Brigadier Kyle gavo vnluablo statistic of the pust your'H work. Interesting addresses woro d-livorod by Lord Lamiugton, Mr. Tozor, Mr. Pinnock, Mr. Grnotn, nnd Mr. Finuey, all testifying to the noblo work dono by tho Salvation Army and wishing it coatiuucd success. On tho subject of tick fover, tho Chief Iu- speotor of Stock, in his report for 1895, nays : It boa been found impossible to procure au estimate of tlio mortality from tiok fever. Serious as lias been tlio denth-ruto in tbo north-oast coast, und ruinous in tho eno of inauy owners of small herds, still tho.o is overy reason to assume that many of tho re ported losses havo been greatly exaggerated. In innuy instances individual lossc havo been reported to tho Pre, and to mynolf person ally, where tbo number of reported doath havo greatly excoedod tho numbers actually returned by tho samo owners under tlio Sto Return Aot. In a largo number of case tho losses havo been only roughly guess od at, tho -herds not having been mustered for your-. If people would only give tho matter a littlo consulorutiou, they could not full' to nro that these exaggerated statements mint have a prejudicial otfcct on tho colony by Treating a punlc in the miuda of stook-owners in tho other colonics. Messrs. J. Corner, J. West, W. 8. Brown F. Carver, T. Whlght, T, Hoskow, J. Hill, and J, Geddos, will represent A Coy. Rifle Club, id tbo match arranged for next Satur day with tbo D.D. Rifio Club, Wb flgaiu remind our readers of Messrs. Brookes Co.'s opening snlo to-morrow si tho Downs Auction Rooms in lliitlivon-strcnt, when lnrgo quantities of farm and dairy pro- dnco will 1» submitted, Full particular will bo found in our business column. Tun following tender wero opened at tho Railway Omuiisioncr's officii on Tuonday; — For construction of twelve insulated wag gons for the Southern Division ; Phoenix En gineering Company, Toowoomba Foundry Company, Jame Frost, Maryborough, aud Queensland Carriago Company, Nundah. Tho lowest tcudor wu that of tiin Toowoomba Foundry Company, £3000, tho tender of Mr. Frost being next lowest. Tub following appeared in tho "On Dlt" column of tho Ohrrrer "That thero wa a most sensational incident in Queen-street on Saturday night. A horso bolted with a trap from tlio yard of u hotol in Albert-street, and made for tho Quccu-feiruct crossinir. wliero tbcro woro hundred of pcoplo within tho four corners, and that some persons with groat presence of mind cried, ' Fire ! Look out for tlio engine ! ' nnd thu crowd instinctively made a lane through which tho lilting borne shot clear." Duntxo tho courso of hi speech at Mr. Tlurdgrave's (tho Ministerial candidate for Ko.tewood) meeting on Monday night, tho Hon. J, F. G. Foxton. Mfointcr for Land, staled that ho hoped tbu now Land BUI woud bo completed during tho ensuing wcok, and ho had no hesitation iu saying that tho selection clauses in it woro moro liberal than wcro to bo found iu any other Lund Act in tho Australian colonic, a statement which which wo loudly applauded, IIo was one of thoso, hosuid, who did not Iwliuvo that it was desirable that huineotead selections should bo limited to 1C0 acre unlcs tho laud wn very good, nnd lio hoped that, under tho new bill, tho boub of farmer hi settled district would bo ublo to obtain eultublo selection, and tlieroby bo greatly benefitted. A snunv stream of buyers continue dully to frequent Alexander nnd Monro's "Winter "Fair," striking cvidnrico of tho genuine character and reputation nf tho firm' special offerings There j a hum and hustle ubjut business aL tho " Fair" thnti pleasing even to tho onlooker, it indicates wide-awake, broad guoge, progrc«lvo merchandising no me diocrity about it. Tho fairings in every de partment aro terse nnd tanglhlo proof of a firm determination to pur't with all winter stock. Them aro some extraordinary bar gain iu Ladies', Maids' nnd Children' Jacket, Ulxtcrs, Capes, Mantles, and Fur offered this week. Tho drcx section also presold numoroim attraction. Anyonowlll find shopping at tho "Fair" both interesting and profitable. With regard to tbo salutary effect of an application of picric acrid in case of Ncatding or burning, wo (Buudaborg Star) understand tbat within tho lust day or two U was ued in a easo of scalding in town, tho result prov ing mot satisfactory. It appear that Mr. H. St. G. Caulfiold' son Dick, nged alxmt nine years, who hav a turn for experimenting was closely investigating tho power of Mtcam developed by boiling water in n Millaquin yrup tin, tho lid of which ho had close J. Tho result nuturally wa un explosion, and tlio poor littlo follow was badly Kcaldcd on tho forehead und eyelid. Fortunately Mr. Caulfiold, who i a great believer in tlio now remedy, hud somo properly proparod in tho houso, with which ho immediately dressed tho injured pari, aud found that it afforded immediate rolief, nnd tho boy is now nearly right again, The records of Iho Mount Morimn Cum. pnny from thu dato of its foundation— July, 1889, to 31st May, 1890, two month short of ton yours— show vory Interesting results, Tho quantity of oro treated wa 601,013 tons; gold, 1,47 J,103oz, , average per ton, '2oz. (Idwt 18gr. ; proceed from gold, £0,056,490; ex penditure (including dividend duty £93,760, and tho royalty £0161) £1,922,003; total dividends £4,100,000 or £4 2 per sliaro. Tbo Brokon-liill Proprietary Company's record is oven better than that of tho Mount Morgan With an advuntngo ofobuut nfno mouth, Brokcn-hill Proprietory, to tho 31st May last hud paid-out of inlno profit dividend to tho amount of £0,910,000, in addition to £00 1,000 from tho ulu of blocks und share hi now o'lnpanie of tho nominal vuhio of £1,744, 0U0, making a grand total of £8,448,000. , A cr.nvmt swindlo i described iu tho Drapery I for hi. It wu porpei rated on u Now York dry good houso a fow weeks ago. A fushionubly-drosKScd woman drovo in n Htylish carriage and Mclcctod u soul wrap at £00, tonicring in payment a clicquo for £200, drawn on an up-town bunk. Tho emitomor wus detained whilo a boy wa ssnt to Uio bunk to OKcertaiu tho gcnuiuunc of tho chequo, and bccamo highly Indignant when sho learned tho cause of the doiay. In fuct, on tho lioy's return, shodumandodlieroliccquoback, and left tho btoro, saying sho would purchase else where. Fifteen minutes later, howovor, ho returned, oxpremiiug regret fur her Impatience, and, tendering thochcquc, aid site would tako tho wrap. Tho garment wu accordingly placed iu tho carriago, und tho customer de parted, currying hor obango of £140 witli her. Whon tho chequo wa again presented ut tho bunk, it was found thut immediately after tho boy's first visit to tho bank, tho £200 which tlio woinau had on special deposit bad boon with drawn, und tlicro wa no balunco with which to meet iho choquo. An accidont involving tho Ighm of oao lifo, injuries to several pusscngors, and very con siderable damage to rolling-stock and per manent way bofoll ono of tbo London und North- Western Company's Expro trains to Scotland in tho curly hour of Monday morn ing (says tho London Time of July 17th). Tho train, which left Euston at 8 o'clock on wuuuuy uvumujj, »»»» u lunv JiigumilU oxprCSS. Tho night wn fine and cloar, aud ovorytldug apparently favored a fast run. Tho truin passed through Prcnton Stution shortly aflor midnight at a pccd which ono puongor estimated ut GO mile an hour. Immediately boyoutl tho sbttiou aro diamond points knoivn as tho Ddck-strcut points, nnd it was hero that tho dinuster occurred. .Whether tho' truin was unablo, owing t o tho great speed, to tako tho sliurp curve ut that |>ot or whether tho wheels came iu contuct with au iinporfoctly secured point, it is impossible to say, What i olear is that tho foromost engine jumpod off tho rails at this point and ploughed into tho broad siding which bordors tho main roadway. By great good fortuno it cumo to a standstill jut before it reached tho briuk of uu em bankment 20ft. high. Tbo coupling of tbo couches woro wranuliod and brukan arid tbo coaches themselves woro overturned in all directions, somo lying ucros and at uuglo to tho liae, while ouo dashed boyoud tho foremost ougino and was shuttered against soma licavily-ludcn stationary truck. Hlcepcr woro tern up and scattered und two teJegrniih pole wero knocked down, communication bo ing temporarily interrupted, Tho carrlngos wero smushed hi suuh u mantior a to mako it oom impoaKiblo that Uio oc«upantcoiild huvo escaped death or sorinu Injury. One man, a tmtivc of Aberdeen, immed Douahl Mayor, aged 20, described a i» senrnm, just roturncd from Boutli Africa, wbo wn riding nlnuo in a third-class compuitrnont, wa horribly muti lated, Id skull being fractured und ono arm wrenched from tho s -ckot, whilo hi leg and othor arm wero badly fractured. He expired boforo ho could bo rumovod. Among tho urticlcs found in hi poxsutMioo was mi Tnur- attce ticket for £1.000 taucd at Kuton. A number of other passenger wcru injured, but nono of them very soveroly. A manupaotuniiii's Hteok of Men's Cloth ing i now being sold by T. K< Lamb and Uo. thoir Oroat Dripitry Sale. Mnlcskln, Bouvorskin, Curd, and Tweed Trousors, all Nplcndld goods at gift prhm ji Don't Cough I But if you do Cough tako Noble's Cough Curo, and you won't cough. Tho justly popular remedy tor Cold, Coughs, Influenza, llruuehW", Asthma, and 'lliroat ami Ohost Affwtilon g«-ncrally arising from chill, i Nobiu's Cou/h Cure. Huffcrcr tako it am) g«t relief. Bo! thi «t 1/fl, 2/0 and 4/-,utW. A. Nont.n'a MmIIdmI IJud/lW woomb, 03 Still going ou J Field's groat cash boot sale, 4009 Wn (Warwick Jryun) aro sorry to learn that, owing to continued illness and a present violent attack of bronchlul catarrh, tho Rov. Father Hornn has bccu ordered by Ins medical advisors, and strongly iceommcndcd by his Oraca Archbishop Dunno, to take a long soa trip at unco. Father Hornn propose to loavo nriibano by Uio steamer India for Bntuvin on tho 8th pro., nnd n till is the first holiday ho lift taken sinco ho ramo to Warwick, tho parishioner have decided to present him with a purso of sovereign to help to defray tho oxponso of tho trip. Circulars have been sent out to tho various centres, nnd ntn meet ing hold iu St. Mary' school after last Mas on Sunday, a subscription list wn oponcd and a voiy fair um subHcribcd, tlio nioinbor for Cunningham, Mr. T. McGuhnn, M.L.A. , hoading tho list with £2 2. Collector wcro appointed to canvas tho town tld wook, tho thno being short, a Father Hornti will bo luivlng Wnr vick on next Tuesday. Hoox- Kccta to bo back boforo Christmas. Wo hopo o wilt bo benefitted by thu trip, and that ho will return with ronewed strength and vigor to hi flock ,t» enntinuothu good work ho ha no successfully carried on for tho last twenty year in Warwick. 