THE MERCURY. HOBART : MONDA Y, OCT. 10, 1806, -* EPITOME OF NEWS. Garrison parade 7.30 this evening.? Spuciul meeting Loyal Abermarle Lodge, M.Ú., 7.30 this evening. Entries Longford Racing Club spring meet close at 8 p.m. to-day. , Hobart Choral Society practice this evening at Town-hall. Vocalists, 7 ¡50¡ orchestra, 8. United States Specialty Company open at Theatre Royal this evening. Victorian Racing Club advertises splendid accommodation for visitors to Flemington during Cup week. Victoria Tent, No. 1, Lo.ft, meeting in from room Mechanics'.halt to-morrow evei.ing. Notice given that office of returning i.fficer of Westmorland and Longford electoral district ia at Counnil-chanibers, Longford Meeting at St. Francia Xavier's Seminary, Launceston, laut evening co receive report from Hon. O. H. Bromb), who represented Tasmanian Irishmen at tho recent Dublin Convention. Louden wool sales have closed. Kates uncbaneed. Good competition throughout. Mr. Harry Furnias tours Australia unuer Mr. R. S. Smythe'» pilotage. Wesleyan voto in Ne» ¡south Wales favours Methodist Union. New Zealand Parliamentary session olosed. Banking Bill abandoned. R M.S. Arcadia arrived at Adelaide, from London, at 3.30 p.m. yesterday. Hot wind blotting and clouds of dust made things uncomfortable for Caulfield Cup patrons on Saturday. Vaiues advancing for butter and cheese in' English market. Australian ex Himalaya likely to command high prices. Large attendance at the funeral of- late Archbishop of Canterbury. The Queen and other august personages sent wreaths. International scratch cycling mile race at Adelaide yesterday was won by Lewi», of New South Wales. To-Mourow, iii tlie House of Assembly, the debate on the West Coast Kail way Bill will be begun, und it is likely to he the great debate of the session. For, it is already evident that feeling has become very strung, especially iu the North, where there is a dreadful fear that Hobart is going to get some- thing good, whilst Launceston is and must be altogether out of tli9 ruunin ., We bave felt it our duty from time to time to point out that Hobart has certain natural advantages which must . make the city of more importance year by year, a fact which is demon- strated by the steady increase of tilt t population, and the ever-growing 'Value of the port as a place where the largest steamers can rome alongside the wharves without trouble or danger. Events are steadily developing the local advantages, whilst it is also evident that Launceston has to face a more serious competi- tion in the growing importance of Devonport, which mil be still more important when the railway com- munication already authorised has been completed. We simply state the facts as they are plainly visible, , especially to observers from the other i colonies, most of whom are lost in wonder that Hobart does not at once, ;at almost any risk, toke steps to i secure its share of the growing busi- ness on the West Coast, and bo( fore- stall the attempts already openly , proclaimed to divert it to Victoria. , If the people of launceston were < wise, or less excited than some appear to be at the present time, they would-see that it is to,their interest, also," to keep the trade' in the colony, for even if Hobart does gain hy it, they cannot fail to have their share owing to their geographical position. However, as things have been shaping themselves of late, it does not look as if reason was to prevail or facts to be regarded, for thete has been a series of the wildest statements made that it has been our lot to readfor a considerable time. There is no,need for us to deal with them, as they will convince nobody who has not made up his mind already, but we may say that they appear to be all part of the same opposition that has been shown to every attempt to open up communication between Hobart and the West Coast. Even the very reports of the surveyors sent out have been perverted, in order to find^ grounds for opposition, whilst we have been / accused of saying all sorts of things which cannot be found anywhere in our columns. All this, now so trite as to be hardly worthy of being referred to,may be taken as an in- dication ot howthedebateis likely to be conducted, and.should be a warning to Southern members that they will have to fight a lively fight if they wish to see that justice is done, and the case decided on such merits as it ma> happen to possess. There can be no doubt in the mind of any unexcited and rational person that the question is oue of great gravity, one of the most serious import, and that it should be dealt with with calm impartiality, and with the sole desire to do what is best for the tru e interests of the w hole of tlie colony.- The Launceston resolu- tion that only the Government should be allowed to make railways eûmes rather too late in the day, for the Waratah- Zeehan line has been author- ised, without any objection on thepartof the North, which regarded it with con- siderable complacency as a blow to be struck at the interests of Hobart. Whether that is the correct view of the result does not now matter, but the plain inference remains, that peuple who did not object to a private rail- way in what they thought were their own interests, cannot now have auy weight when they raise the same objection in regard to a line which they think will benefit others of whom they are absurdly jealous. The time has gone by for any such objection fiom them, for they have put them- selves out of court. Apart from this, however, it is notorious that the Government is not in a position, and would not be allowed, to borrow more money for a linn which everyone admits could not pay for home time. Whatever the value of the line may be horn a national peint of view, there is an agreement lhat as a commercial speculation it would be a failure, especially in the hands of the Government, which has, certainly, in noue ot the > colonies shown a capacity for railway management. But, it is possible that a railway com- bined with other enterprises may be made to pay a moderate dividend, and there is, no doubt, a vast field in the interior which may prove to be rich in minerals. We are charged with having said that there were large areas ot pastoral and agricultural lund, but this happens to be another of the tales for the marines now being to d, by parsons who are unable or unwilling to master the facts. What we stated was, that there is au area of gund agricultural I land in the Florentine Valley and a | smaller area near the Denison Range, but all we said about pastoral land was, that there is not feed for a horse now, though there were once cattle in the Valley of Rasselas. As for the minerals, we believe that there is a large area oi country to be opened up, but roads are required and much capital will have to be expended to produce a return, whilst a very con- siderable time may have to be devoted to the preliminary wot k of prospecting. The facts being thus, the question to be decided is, wheihei it is not worth while for the country to give away a portion of this untxulor.d and unex plorable land, on proper conditions, so that a railway may be made, and the whole country be rendered pervious to the prospector, whilst much prospect- ing is done by the ¡railway company ? Without accepting the extraordi nary figures about the water-power used at the Launceston meeting, the fact is plain, that there is more power than can be used by a hundred com- panies. The notion that water loses its power after being passed through a tur .bine K of course, a pure absurdity,as rivers have a fall all ulong their courses and not in one place only, so that a ihuudredturbiues might be noikud on . one river. Keeping, then, the facts in ¡view, the whole,(matter resolves itself into a question as to whether the (Colony is goin'g to give away too »large a consideration for what it is to get, which, again, turns upon the question as to whether what it is to give awny is of any real value to it at all. In the first place, the compauy will not get such agricultural land as is known to exist, m the second, the »ater-power taken will leave ample power for everybody else, even without accepting the extreme figures cited , and in the third, the miueral lauds to -be taken are all outside of the proved mineral belt Now, if the concessions made are safeguarded, as they should be, in the íuterests of the colony, aud the bona-Jides of the company secured, it is not easy to show how the I colony is to lose. The land taken must be worked, and worked system- atically, to be of any value, the power acquired must be employed to bring in a íevenue, aud the railway must be run ,¿a7the public interest or it will make no adequate return. Apart from the theories about the Government working miups, etc., when it can hardly make "a road without jobbery, the whole question appears to be oue of conditions, and in regard to these there eau hardly be too much care, seeing that no bona-fide company will hesitate to be strictly bound down to perform what it is «rilling to undertake. J Tue development of the shipping entered and cleared in the Australasian colonies is one of the signs of the pro- gress made, albeit some of our uew lights, at least in Victoria, do not care about foreign trade, and they call all trade foreign that is with places out- side the colonies. The theory of the workingman is, that everybody eau be made happy by legislating for home industries and having them carried on under Government direction, which is true enough, if the workingmen and others were content to go without cer tain articles which they now consume largely, and were, moreover, willing to be directed and drilled, which they by uo means are. _ As mailor» «rand, anil as they are likely to_ stand for'many jeal s to come, foreign trade must exist, and is of enormous benefit, to the people who carry it on, as they get what they canuot produce, and ¿eil their own products at a large profit. We may, therefore, rejoice that the shipping of these colonies, entered and cleared, has in- creased from 2,828,484 tons in 1861 to 18,169,337 tons in 1895. This must mean an enormous increase of trade, which shows the great progress that these colonies have made in wealth during the period. The figures show, also, what sundry other figures show, that New South Wales is_ fast drawing ahead of Victoria in shipping as well as in some other things. In 1861 Victoria was far ahead of all the other colonies, for she had 1,090,002 tons of shipping, whilst New South Wales liad only 74^,696 tons. I n 1895, however, the relative positions of the two colo- nies are absolutely changed, for we find that New South Wales had 5,860,038 tons, and Victoria no moie than 4,348,686. It will be noticed that the trade of both colonies has largely increased during the period, but New South Wales has drawn far in advance, whilst we know that she continues to develop at a rapid rate, thankd to her freetrude policy. South Australia shows, also, a largo increase in the period referred to, that is, from 199,331 tons in 1861, to 3,150,733 tons in 1895\. Tasmania shows an increase from 230,218 tons in the former year to 937,525 in the latter, and we may venture to predict that a further | increase will be shown in the present year New Zealand has_ hardly made so large an advance as might have been expected. In 1861 she had 403,366 tons, which had increased in 1891 to 1,321,897 tons. Western Australia shows a rather remarkable-increase from 1891 to 1895, and keeps on increasing. A solution of the Cuban difficulty has been devised in Mexico, and the pro- moters of the plan, associated under the designation "Cuba Mexicana,'" are ap pealing to the press throughout the world for opinion on the question Whether it would be wiser to permit the United States to make herself mistress of the island, or that (Juba should be united to Mexico, thus form- ing one Kepubhc. _ We have received from Dr. Juan Antiga, organiser of the committee, a circular setting forth the basis of the proposed Mexico caw Cuba combination. It runs thus:-1st A plebiscituin for the purpose of ascer- taining the common will of all the inhabitants of Cuba. 2nd. An indem- nity to be paid to Spain, based upon the value of the public works and buildings, the necessary guarantee and terms of payment to be duly stipulated. 3rd. A treaty which will accord ceitain privileges to the commerce of the Peninsula, toptevent any prejudices toSpanish interests by the secession of theislundftomSpauish rule. 4th. A division of the islund into three or more ftee and sovereign Mexican States,, with capitals established préfet - ably, 'amongst others, at Havana, Puerto Priñpipe, and Santiago de Cuba. It is pleaded, under the present aspect of attairs, that Spain, if vic- torious in Cuba, will find herhelf in possession of vland laid completely wasted and given up to anarchy, burdened with heavy debt, and with a future pregnant with dark forebodings. If, on the other hand, success should crown the revolutionists, independence attained at such a high price, far from terminating war, would invite them on to fresh outbursts which would ulti- mately sweep from the island the last vestige of latin influence. In one or the other event, the continuance of the struggle would, booner or later, result ' in foreign intervention. It is shown that the Cuban war is not like unto ordinary conflicts which determine a dispute between modern nations, but is a war in which members of the same fnniilies ave advnrsaries, battling for their convictions. Thus all the more necessary becomes conciliation from outside sources, rather than any action » hich shall stimulate a continuance of strife. Inferentially it is assumed that the influence at present exercised by the United Suites is not so much in the inteiest» of peace as with the object uf seeuting control of Cuba, to the prejudice ebpeeially of Mexico and the American Republics. Mexico is de- scribed as a hospitable and quiet land, sheltered by continuous pence, and able of her own inherent power to assure similar blessings to Cuba,if that, mucli-tioubled land will but shelter under her v. ing. This pictures Mexico in a new aspect. To the outside wot Id it has seemed a land of turbulence and sudden revolutions, a record of " battles, sieges, fortunes," a country wherein essentially in political matters, no man knoweth what to-morrow may bring forth. Perhaps Mexico has been maligned by historians. Perhaps in iluences have been long at work that the world wot uot of, which will Enrich the timo to como with smooth-faced poa ce. With (¡miling plenty, and fair procurons days. In any case the United States will have tobe counted with before the "Cuba Mexicana" dream of halcyon days is realised. Whether Cuba would best fare under American or Mexican part- nership, ur « hether she is best left alone to light out her own redemption, depends so much upon the evolution of present well nigh inextricable compli- cations that opinion can only be at the best oracularly oxpressed in the Spanish phrase Quien sabe. There has been a good deal of outiosity shown on the subject of the failure of Andrée to start on his voyage to the North Pole, after so much had been said about his resolve to make the journey at any risk. Like Napoleon in Russiu, he seems to have been beaten by the elements, so that he was compelled to leave Spitzbergen on August 20, despite a determined attempt to find a favourable chanco for start The difficulties encountered appear to have been only buch ur might have been expected, but they show how much easier it is to lay down plans on paper than to carry them out on tile ground. In the first place, the diffi- culties of landing the appliances appear to have been enormous. The Virgo, on board which li. Andráe and his appli- ances were carried, reached tho Danish j Iules on the 22nd June, but she dared not go nearer to the shore than some 300ft., which compelled the tran- shipping of everything into boats, by a crew consisting of only twenty sailors and two carpenters. Now, as soveral of the.packages weighed over 1,0001b., this proved to be ¿ very difficult and tedious piece of work. Then, it was necessary to build a shod for the balloon, some 80ft. long and 80ft. high, in which wereplaced agus-makinguppa ratus, a steam-engine, pumps, etc., besides all the necessary appliances for the car. All this had to be done on a coast covered with snow up to the knees, and amidst tempests'and heavy falls of snow. However, the work was accomplished in about a month, and the filling of the balloon was begun on the 23rd July and finished on the 27th. The carrying power was shown to be an ascending force of some 7,0001b., for ' the instruments, the car. the three ' travellers, and the ballast. From the 23rd of July the balloon was ready to start, only want iug ithe car to'* be attached, and the north side of the shed thrown down to lot it out, all of which could have been done'in five or six hours. At this stage, howevef, the elements became adverse. The south wind, which had blown nearly constantly from the date of arrived to the 18th of July, changed to the north, and continued to blow from .that quarter day after day. The captain of the Virgo had received posi- tive orders to loave Spitzbergen on the 20th of August ab the Jätest, in order not to be caught.in the ice, and he_ felt compelled to carry out his instructions. On the 17th of August, after 21 days of expectation, M. Andráe resigned him- self to fate, packed up his balloon and returned, resolved fully that he would make the attempt next year. The tests of the balloon showed that he could have travelled> 50 or ,60. days in any moderate conditions of temperature. To "MkKCOHT" SüBSORIBKIUJ.-Sub. ectibers to The Mercury are remiuded of the duu da'e for leceiving advance uubioriptioñi,' vie., Wednesday, the 21«t, after which date subscribers will be charged the credit rate. Track Works.-The inspector of Roads, western division, n porta that he haa visited aud inspected the work beiog carried out on tho C u bine track, and fouud every- thing sotisfact >ry. Repairs have been ell-.ct.ed for the first 3$ miles from Zeehan on the Mount Agnew track, t.nd tnat pouiun is now in good order. Thence .to Mount Agnew the road would cost very little to rcpiir, the principal walk i<quired being draining, anil here und there a re-lnyin« of the oordur >y. This work ai already an- nounced, in being delayed, that the Minister may see what furtner provision Parliament, makes for West Coast works. I: is reported to the department that th« ohjeotionablu practice of sledging on the Groy Oro Tr-iok is being continu* d greatly to the detriment of the road, aud as thore are no loo»! authorities to deal with the matter, the Minister of Land» intends, before the pre- sent session is over, to introduce legislation ?ff-otiug it, Public Works.-The following tenders have been acccptod :-Road, Lilydale to Turuer's Marsh, contract 2. M. Flynn & Co., £93 Road, Turuer's Maish to Lilydale, contrnot 4, M. Flynn & Co., £78 4s. 3d. Road, Kindred-road, brauch through Riges' to Russell's, contract 4, S. Turner, £37 1«. Roads, Oyster Cove and Three Hut Point dis- trict, road to ISatt's, Young's, and ntherscleo tionR, contract 33, C. S Hart, £'20 18s. 9.1'. Roads, Ashwater and .Stowport diBtriot, road to Siott'B selections, contract 82, Dicker & Sice, £40 14s. Sd. Staklby Vost and Telegraph Okfichs. The Publio vVoiks Department is preparing à new design for the Slunley Post and Tele g>aph Offices, the previously proposed building for which tenders were recently received being de mod too costly. Tenders for the new building will be invited shortly. 1'iiK Late Archbishop Henson -In. an O'irdauce with instructions received from the Prim ile of Australia, special reference was made yesterday mall the Aoeliosn Gburoluu throughout Tasmania to the death of the la e Archbishop of Can erbury and Primate of AU England. In ihe city ohmohes el qucnt references were mado to his oarèer from thu time be íesigned the headmaster , ship of Wellington College in 187'2 to hucoii.o Chancellor of the Diocese of Lincoln -nd u C<non of the Cathedral, until he was nomina ed by the Crown to the new bishoprio of Truro in Cornwall, for which P'Hitionho was consecrated in April, 1877. Chen when Dr. Tait died in 1882, he wa.) nllerud und accepted the Archbisloprlu of Ciintc-bury, anti thus pasted from the [leitest of Knglixli s«cb 'to tliu oldtst. 01 nis subsequent wisely jailioii.ua career «li.rein, ixccpt as the litad af the Anglioiu niermotiy, and truly represen'utive of the ¡íngltsh Chmch of his day, be avoided con- troversy either ecclesiastical or political, and devoted himself solely to the work if coufolidition snd improvement, his clerical reviewers, of "course, had much to say, and lweli. on their theme with loving wurde, feiling,that his lots waihi affect not only the Anglican Church but large nuinbsis outside its pille. Ref-renne to the death nf the Archbishop was madu from the pulpi s of sevoiul non o ofnrining ohurchis. At Holy Trinity m filed peals were rung in the inornini! and evening. Ask your Grocer far Gdnsleh's Baking oi Wast Powdei. Ouar*ntted the best-in the market 6d. tin. Take no other. Autillkky Training in the Forts. The members of the Southern Tasmanian Artillery, in command of Mijor llvaiir, V.D , on Saturday afternoon piooeedcd by 0 M,.y'o steamer to Bellerive, and maiuh-:ii to the Bli fl Battery, aud w«e exercised at garrison gun drill with the 8in R.M.L. pun of 12J tons and tho 80-pounder R.M.L. gun 01 5 tons, an officer of the oorps to eaoh of the four guns, the Major directing the exercises. Fifty-three members were present, ex Jusive of the officers. The corps returned tu the eily, and wai dismissed at 6 o'clock. ,ï:'KHtoOb Accident-Ou Saturday after ' nunn a child named Mcintyre, agid l8 mont lis, was taken to the bospitul suffering fiom concussion of the brain, «aid to have been the result of being knocked down by a I,am on the New Town line, the child having been allowed to stray away from p-oji-r cure. FiTzuhiiALn's Spring Fair. - Sp cial attention is directed to the announcement in our advertising columns heralding the opening lo-day of the Spring Fair at Fitz- gerald's Wholesale Warehouse, Collins-street. Kxtimsivo preparations have boen in progress for this particular event during the past week Ctuos upon cuses of spring Novelties have binn opened ex "Gothic" aud "Kuahine," and several special and extiaordinary pur- chases, made at the clove of the season in London, will be submitted at astounding price-. Ixl ra assistants, both malu and fi-iuvlo, have- been engaged for the event, and ovory necessary provided for on enormous lni»inu9S during tho week I onntry visitors will do nell to remember that Fitzgerald's warehouse is the only place of business in Hobnrt whero tho general public is privileged tn niako all purchases at strictly wholosalo prices Mo credi; is given to anyone, but all tfiiods are sold at fully one-fourth under the prices of the largest retail shops in the city. It is the resort of all cash buyers. Cascade Lager Bubb-Light, Refresh- ing-just the thlug for hot weather Try it. Lwjal -On Friday last, before His Honor the Chief Justice, on the motion of Mr. W. Perkins, Mr. O. F. Boultboo ma» ad- mitted to praotioe as a barrister and si.liuitornf the Sup-omo Court of losmauia. Mr. Bonltbee e rvod his articles nith Mt uri. Perkins k Dear, aud passed with credit at the lait law ix min'lion. Citv Police Cotna.-Thi¡Police Magis- trate (Mr. H Shaw) and Mr. M. Look. J.P., presided at the Police Court ou Satord y. Robert Shields, la-man Gibbons, and Frederick Turner, for being drunk and disorderly iu a pub io snoot ou the loth Susi, wer» each lined 5.., or 48 hours' inipiisoununt. Isabella Keating, »ir.s»«l by PC. Clements in Hi|ih-»treet on the 10th inst., for using «biceno language, wub found to have a bad nord; buttha Uonoh look into oonsidir lion that she had not boen beforo them »ince 18U2, and lot her off with i fine of 5s, or 48 hours' incarceration. Marion Willums, aged 11 yours, was charged wjth the larceny, on the I4i.li ¡nut., of one hand basket and one tenuis ball, the property of W. A. PiuUy »nd others, valued at 2s. She pleaded guilty, buptriutoud-nt Pedder atuted that the acouned, with lu o other small children, broko into the leonard Tennis Court anil slept there all night, the accused taking with nor in tho morning the basket and ball. She hid several times boen brought under the notice of tho police The Bo.iuli committed tho child to tho Rofoi uiatnry, Barrauk tqu ire, for five years, ALLEGED FORGING AND UTTERING - At the hobart gaol on Saturday morning, John Sykes, formerly a solicitor at Latrobe, but now uudergoing sentence, was brought up before the P.M. (Mr H. Shaw) and Mr. M. Cook, J.P., charged that he did, on March 6, 1893, with intent to defraud, forge the signature of one David Clyne, he being the registered proprietor, under the provisions of the Real Property Act, of a certain piece or parcel of land, cpmsisting of 640 acres, in the Parish of Forrabury, County of Devon, to a memorandum of transfer of the said piece of land, and that he afterwards did feloniously put off, utter, and dispose of that memorandum of transfer, well knowing it to be forged. Superintendent Redberg? conducted the prosecution. J.W. Whyte, Recorder of Titles for Tasmania, deputed that be received a memorandum of transfer purporting to be a transfer from David Clyne (described as an insurance clerk) to John Sykes (described us a Latrobe solicitor) of 640 acres of land iu the Parish of Forra bury,County of Devon, comprising certificate of title, vol. 37, folio 101. He produced the memorandum of transfer, which purported to be counter signed by Martin & Hobkirk as being correct for the purposes of the Real Property Act. David Clyne, manager of the Ocean, Accident, and Guarantee Corpo- ration of Victoria Limitd, stated that be resided in Victoria. About 25 years ago he was a resident ofT asmania, and was then in possession of 640 acres of land in the Parish of Forrabury, County of Devon. Subse- quently there was a mortgage of £1,200 on the property, Messrs. Dowling and West- brook being the trustees. After leaving Tasmania he leased the land to Sykes, sen., with power to sub-let it ; the conditions being that an annual rent of £200 was to be paid to witness, less 7 per cent, interest, to be paid on the mortgage to Dowling. On the death of Mr. Sykes he issued a new lease to accsed's mother on the same terms. Rent had been paid up to March, 1895. Accused never acted as his solioitor in any of these transactions. The letters produced, pur- porting to give him power to approach Mr. Dowling with reference to the mortgage, were forgeries. In March, 1893, did not receive £7,200 from accused in consideration of transferring the land to him. The memorandum produced, purporting to con- tain his signature, was a forgery. In April last he visited his property for the first time for 20 years, Sykes driving him there. He went to a person named Shilleto, and also to Mrs. Sykes, whom he looked upon as his tenant. There was then one year's rent a month overdue. Accused had written to witness once or twice with regard to pur- chasing the land, but he never undertook to sell it to him. The further hearing of the case was then adjourned until Saturday next, but if in the meantime the other witnesses could find it convenient to attend, it would be proceeded with. A Tasmanian artist.-At the recent exhibition of the Art Society of New South Wales, whioh was opened in Sydnoy on the 10th inst. by His Excellency Lord Hamp- den, Mr. W. C. Piguouit wua again to the fore. His friends will he elad to hoar that ,the trustees of the National Art Gallery of New South Wales purchased his painting, " A Southern Headland, Tasmania," for 100 guineus, the highest price paid for any Australian picture this year. This picture was painted for the express purpose ot ex ; hibitiug in England, but the trustees nf the sydney Cailery, recognising the high t-tand aid ot Mr. Pigueuit's work, very wisely soaured it tor their gallery, i'lio following extract from two of tho leading Sydney pipers will show how highly lovel s of art in the parent colony appicoisto tho work of a true Tasmanian artist:-"Mr. W. C Piguenit ha» painted no finer work than'A Southern Headland ' (purchased by the trastees), for apart from its intrinsic merit it does not lepeut any of the effeots by whiuh this artist has made his name, but whilst finished iu Btyle it is free from manuerisnis of any kind. The scene shown is a stretch of precipitous coast, tho sea breaking calmly st its foot ; the roseate olouds have just been dyed by the last blush of departing day, the whole inspired by the ideas of solitude and repose " "Seldom has Mr. W. C. Piguenit boen so strong as this year; everything he sends is distinguished by the simple breadth and quiet, unobtrusive finish that have ulwuys marked his best productions. 'A .Southern Headland ' is an equally mat>tf rful description of tho craggy spurs of baealtio rook which line a portion of the Tasmanian coast." Mr. Piguenit is also represenicd by three other oils, " Low Tide," "The Valliy of the Upper Murray, and "Tho First Gleam." Tho Art Gallery of Now South Wales possesses several paintings of this artist, and the opinion of mott lovers of art in Sydney who visit the National Gallery ol New South Wales, is that our Tasmanian friend is hy far tho leading landscape painter of Australasia. W o o d ' s Australasian elf-iiaisino Flour. Made only from the Fiuest Farts of Wheat. Sold everywhere. A Tasmanian Puhssman.- Among the passengers who loft Sydney for tlio liant last week by the China Co.'a steamer Tai- yuan was Mr. John Stafford Northcote, a well-known Sydney pressman, and lute of the Eumina News reporting staff. Mr. Northcote, who had been connected with the Neim for well nigh five years, goes to Hongkong to fill an important position un the staff of the Daily Telegraph in that city. He began his journulUllo career in the office of the Hubert Mercury. Uoiuu to No tv South Wules, ho joined the Herald composing staff. Next he migrated to the Burier, and joined the stuff of the Silver Age Subsequently he joiucd the sydney Eecnirty News, aud did duly with the Parliaineutai y reporting corpa of that journal. Lalor on ho was deputed to take charge of the shipping dtparlmeut ot thertpoit naluoik, which position lie con- tinued to fill up to his departure for his utw sphere of juurnaUBtio aoivily. During his residence in Sydney ho made numerous friends, many of whom, with a largo num- ber oi his late oonfreres, assembled on tlie wharf to bid lum and Mrs Northcote adieu. H-i will take with him the best wishes of his Hobart friends also. Gukslku s Baking or Yeast Powder makes beautiful light acones, bread, pastry, cakes, and puddiugs without eggs. Sold by all Grocers. Road Tknukus.-The City Counoll invite t-mitra for forming and metalling Foi out road, and William-street. Cueai'ER Bvkls.-A new wheel has been put upon the Amerloan maiket, which, ti cm the wonderful dtseriptionn given of it, W'H do away with the pneutnatic tyres altogether. The essential features of thi» wonderful wheel are apririg spokes and a fl xible rim, tbe combination pr< dueing i-uificient spring to do away with the i.ecessity ot pneuinatio tyres. Tbe spokeB are made of pieces of flat, tempered steel, uurvid in »hipe. The iuventor, Mr. Woods, has discovered a flexible ring to beusod with the spokes, the rim being made of a flit steel band, with cork along the inside. A rubber cushion <yre is ured outside, and the whole is tightly covered with'tole leather, the spokes attached to nipples which are fa<teued to the steel houp. Bicycle makers «ill watch the development of this ne» wheel with some anxiety, as it means, if successful, the breaking up of a monopuly whioli keeps up the cost of biuycloj far above their real value. Per S.S. Gotuio Mu. Soundy, draper, has received another shipment of 20' cases and bales of summer "drapery, comprising superior dress fabrics, very latent things going, a case or two of ladies' untriniined straws-ihete are marked ut nominal prices -a parcel of very superior underclothing and corset«, blouses, curtains, sun hats and bonnets, pinafores, aprons, etc., eic. In viow of another heavy shipment por s.u. Tongariro to arrive shortly, these goods have been mniked at very close prices, and are really worth seeing. They will be ready for inspec- tion to-day. Our Raspberry Cordial is made from the pure fruit-Cascade Co., j Theatre Royal.-To-night the United 1 Statts Specialty Company makei ita first appearance at the Theatre Royal, and will pm form for four nights only. The com piny, whioh oomos with a capital reputation from tho other ooloules, comprises artists said to be of more than ordinary ability in their special lind. The Martini troupe of horizontal bar performers introduce some extraordinary feat», one of which is turning n somersault from onn bar to another at a distance of 13ft. The Raoul Family and the boy prodigy Brett» will astonish the andienen with their aorohatio feats, and tho Smith Family's sensational hioycllng, and little Lily's origtiiHli'les on the invisible wiro aro calculated to eatlufy all. Miss Teresa Johnston tings her latest Sydney success pong, "Heads nestled closer together," und Miss May Hick y, Miss Tom Queen, and the bilby wonder vocalist, Little liddy, all con t ibu o prominently to "the entertainment. Box plan, Wuloh & Sons ¡day sales. Cearns'. | Nkmuduy Spaiia Company.-The pir- , formuiioa of The ii (.»sink by the above quartette of soloist», in conjunction with the Choral Society, on Thursduy evening next at 'ha Town-hull, should bo un exeep-J tionul inusloil treat, and the Town-hall wid j no doubt be tuxid to its utmost to hold those who may ombruce the > pportunity of hear- . ing tile solos rendered hy such an array of I artists. As 'late as January 1, 1SIM, Mr. Newbury, who sm u-soeuted with Madame Albani, Madnnix Belli Colo, Mr. i'lunket Greono.and Mr Jo oph Barnby.orcated agriat sensation by lim magnificent roudering ol the tenor solas of Handel's masterpiece at the Albert bull, London, befoio an audience, ot 14,000 poop'«, and un orclnsTa and ohorue of 1,000. From the «hole of the London ptperB ho received most (littering notioos, ills performance beiug spoken of as a triumph. The other members of the quar totte associated with Mr. Newbury have appcarod in every'largo centre in Australasia with him in thi- work, ann have bceu spokeu of In the highest terms by tnc pre»*, so there should be no doubt as to the merits of the performers, and wo may fairly look forward to hearing the finest rendition of the solus in Handel's masterpiece that ha« yet been given in Hobwt. The plan for ri-surved seats will be opeu at 10 u'clook tilla'morning at Messrs. J. Walch & Sous. Phyllis Perrier Combination.-TIiIb onmpauy opnus to-uu¡ht in tne Templars' hull. Now Town, and Wednesday next at Bridgewater. 'Jliey have juBt completed * two nights' season at Now Norfolk, where they oponed to, very good houses. All the representativo people of New Norfolk were there. Oue well-known gentleman waa highly eulogistic and expressed his opinion that the entertainment was worth going to every night. Kntertainmknt at Huonville. -A corre- spondent writes :-" Au enjoyable «nteituiu meut was niven on Friday evening last in aid of the > prizes for the pupils of Miss Calvort'e school. Mrs. Wallon kindly lout her largo hall for the ocoasiou, and it was crowded to the dobrs,!Bbnio 250 people beiug present. Mr. A. J. Frankoomb presided. After a nest little oponing apesoh by the chairman the -concert was commenoed by a pianoforte duet by the Misses Waltoo. The ohildren then gave a splendid exhibition of pitysioal drill, lor whioh they were recalled Then followed a dialogu', entitled "The doctor's visit,'' whioh wus very amusing. Mr. Alf. Tibbs sang " Komombcr ino nu more," for which be received au enthusiuBtic encoró. This was followed by a sparkling little operetta, entitltd Queen Imliutry'» Tiiumph, and this waa undoubtedly the gem of the eveuiug. The vurious characters were well sustained, and tho dreBses of the p rformors were vu. y pteity. The prin cipal characters were:-Queen Industry, Miss Elsie Walton ; King Laziness, Master Leslio Wiso ; Bertie Jones, by Master Algy Webster; Eltctnoitj, Miss Myra Weston; Activity, Miss Hilda Short. Miss Emma Walton at the piano, and Mr. Skinner on his cornet, played appropriate muslo. After the ¡operetta Mr. A. J. Francomb thanked all present for their attendance, ' and said great credit was due Miss Calvert for the way in which she had worked to mako the concert tho great success it undoubtedly was. He also thanked Mrs. Walton for the use of the hall, and Miss Emin» Walton for Elaying the accompaniments. The ball was uuutifully decorated for tho occasion. Pro- ceedings terminated with the singing of the National Anthem Cycling.-Some interest was taken by oycliats on Saturday in a reaord-breaking spin from Cooley's to 4J miles on the New Norfolk road and back, MoUann essaying the breaking of Crisp's 25 miles road record, which stood at 1 hour 2,lmiu. McCann over ed the distanoo in a shade over 1 hour 17miu., and Crisp, who considered it necea s*ry to pace alongside Mo^'ann, put on one of his famous spurts in tho last lüOyus , and carne in ahead in a shade loss time, thus putting up another racord for himself, The afcomoou was hot and the road somewhat dusty, but neither mau appcurcd exhausted at th» finith. A good many cyclists assembled at Cooley's to witness lue result. Cycling Carnival.-Following the cus- tom of the parent society, the local branoh of the Australian Natives intend holding cycling spurts on the 9th Novimber next, Prince of Wales' Birthday. A first-ulasB firugrumme has boen arranged, and the iberal prizes offered will, no doubt, be tho means of bringing together a large numbir of eutries. Kepreaeu tal ives of tne various clubs throughout Tasmania will be present, so with uur own local champions the racing should be decidedly interesting. The Natives uuuu ii fate in Melbourne is tho most successful gathering held duiing the year, At the last one no leos than 70,000 visitors passed through the turnstiles. Although' the oominittte of our local branoh cannot oxpect anything Uko snub a concoutso, they hope to tee the ground taxed to its utmost, as they intend sparing no exortious to make the ooming meeting u mast enjoyable one. Salvation Army.-This organisation has arranged unothor self denial week, extending from tho 17th to the 23rd instant, in order to augment funds for the particular ionn of clarity n dispense», und whioh, udmitiedly, ttoiks exceedingly well. Last year aid was cheerfully afforded from many sources out- side tho army ranks, and the promoters are aguin hopeful that their I rien da and sym- pathisers will not weary in'nell doing. " ASK your grocer for W D. Pjsaoock and Oo.'s New Season's Jan»; the lib, tins contain luoz." o»'JAM." ' Kxcdrsion Brown's River.-Tho s.o. Huon took a fair number of citizens and visitors to Brown's River on Saturday after- noon, all on" board appearing to enjoy the tiip very much. Some members from the Garrison Bind supplied the muslo, under the bacon of Mr. VV. A. Reid. Ask your Grocer fur Wood's Austral- asian Self-raising Flour. Tako no other, Shoddy.- I hose who expect .u these days of cheapness to get a osmpieto suit of clothes for a pound sterling or thereabouts, will do well io lead the iollowing from Pearson'! Magazine on the cloth ot Leeds :-" this Cioili," eaid a c itter to me, " is made of anything and exorythiug except cast iron. It ¡salz d «¡th manure, so that when we put the iron to it we get cboked with stink- ing gas." ThiB extraordinary statement wus afterwuids oonfiuned to me by a York- shire iqulre, m hum I met at Newcastle, and who told me that in his district large quintlties of pig mauuie were purchased annually by the oloth manufacturers, who supply the Li eda tailoring finns, fur sizing the cloth. The cutter added that stung, cork, feathers, wire, sod stones are fouud in quantittia in this kind of cloth, and that when the circular steam-driven knife, with which 20, 30, <0 or 50 donólo thicknesses of cloth ure cut out according to the pattern chalked on the top piece, oomos into contact with stone or wire, the danger of its breaking is very great. " And when one of these endless band knives docs break, sa huppens very often, you never know whero its going to fly to." This particular ma i was not dissatisfied with hiswagee. He waa in a good shop, ho said, and made 30s. a week tor 70 hours' work. Bat he complained of the exhausting nature of his employment, "Jt'a very heavy work pulling 50 doable thjekne-ses of cloth under the knife," be said, "and men as good as me are only earning, 24s. a week at that game and some much less." Ho told me that the cutters at a notorious «wealing, »hep were only receiving 18s. u week, for 12 hours' work a day. "The oloth is something diabolical," he said. " I never can wear a watch ia the factory, because the dust frini the cloth gets into it, so you can bo sure it gets into the Inngs. It I hunii my coat up It's covered with muck io two hours." He was responsible for any damage c'oiie to oloth so rotten that " if you sive it a pull it oomes lo pieces ; " oloth " that you tan Mick your finger through. " Thtie aro upwards of 4,000 Jewish families o' g ced io the tailoring trade in LeeL, und these have all arru ed there during thu lust 15 years The numbers iuoreased annually; 1-si year 100 families immigrated from P'land. A «Hill min who knows the tiadc old mo tnat tho condition of tho Jewish aller < iii Leeds ».usfairly sutisfaotoiy. They thems Ives paint jc in roseate hnes. The Show-Visitors from tho country to tho Agncultural Show can save their travel line expenses by visiting Pool's Boot Palace. J. N". Pool supplies tbo public direct from bia factory to their feet. No middlemen's profils. J. N. Pool believes in small profits and quick returns. Cash only. Address Pool's Boot Palace, 01, Liverpool-street, also at 148, Liverpool-street ' . Mining VKNTURtts.-Mr. F, Qmcoiu Williami, thu Loudon representative "7 Tho Mines Corporation of Now Zealand Limited, has arrived hore, with the object of inspecting Tasman!T mining nroptrtiai and is staying ut tho Client Hotel (or a few day«, preparatory to visiting the mliiin« centres » Davkysthkkt Cumien Jnaicm Fair - To morrow ullernoon, at 3 o'olook, a'junibls fair in aid of the funds of the Oave/.stret» Congrugatiunal Chureh will be openod ia the Harrington strort vchuolrooin, The fob; «till he ro oponed in the ove.ilng, when a string band will piny. MUSICAL, Annivkhsary Knteiitainmïxt. -It is annouueed tliut an onioi tainumut »ill ho giveti this evoning in tho Temper, auec-hull in uid of thu ChrUtlan Temple Mission, under tim oonduotursliip of Mr.« V. Cripps. ]'n fraslonals and an steers' with Lyceum Vaiioty Company awl On» B»n^, ate announced to tallo part, and the turill of ailmiaaiou is fixed at popular erics, Holy Trinity Choir -This evooiui the choir gives No, 4 oouoert. Tin. names of the toloists are announced in ucUcitiaine I columns, and it will bu noticed also thal Mr. C. K. Andrews is set down for rcoitalloDi and sketches. , Hird, Brkad and Butter Ball.-TM» . social ovoui comes t,ff to-morrow night ia the Tcinporauco-hall, under the patronage of His Excellency tho Governor (Vwuoun» Gormanston) and Viscountess Qornvimton. In vipw of tho unique charaoter of the cos- tumes thorn will probably bo a larg» at- tendance both ou tho floor and in the gallery. Sir Wilfrid Law on on Pediorki. lu a speech at the luncheon in connection with his sale of Shorthorns at Brayton lui» mouth, Sir Wilfrid Lawcou «aid that the piiuciplu upon which tho Miorthorn breeder acted was Unit a good animal nte ne mo» than a bad oue, just the same as a good man ate no inoio than' a bid man, «ne drank less. Hu bo-ieveu tho days of trie worship of pedigree in the Shorthorn wo II were passing away. They would never again see a cow which hud buen bought a hbi.it time previously for a thousand poumisiold in the ring again for a thousand guineas, and her calf for two thounund guineas. Why unuld such price* not nuw ho obtuiued ? It i was not that the cattle h x1 gut worse, bat- men had got wiser. (I.milliter.) He did not want thom to despise puiligieu, becaui* pedigroo was I lie podottul of the Bii.ibb Constitution. (Laughter ) When a maa was well burn he uould uo what he liked. .(Laughter.) Uorulod thiu country.(Lauyht<r.J He went to the Heuso oi Lords. (Laughter,) He might bo fool, but if ho «as a bom fool it was all light. {. uughter.) Surely, thee, if pedigree was so important in men, it mutt be lather important in beasts. He hopid, notwithstanding the douline in the worship of pedigree to some extent, that there wa» u future for Shorthorns. Ciiiati.no Old Timk.-Not content with daring legislative experiments which ara iba wonder, if nut the vliniiulion, of the woild. Now Zoalaud pooph, at lo«at toms of them, now propose to- play whirligig with UM '1 iuie. " Civls," in the Otuyo Duily Tim «, thuB refera to the sulijeot :-.' "lis the voice J of tbe slupgurd, I hear bim complain',' ia Christchurch; that lu- cannot be induced te rise early in the summer season unie« he first deceives iiimsoil by puttiug the ulock forward a couple of hours. 'Ibo prop ni (which appeals to have bein made io alt st-riousneBB) is that on the mnrniug of September 22 everybidy ahull pul bit tiiuepKccs. forwarc, and keep them so until Mareil 22 following. 'Jhe efl.ct of this will be thal when a mun goes to woik at 8 o'olook in tho morning by tho olook he will really be going at 6, aod when ho loa vea of! appin rntly at 5 it will really be 3, so that ho will havo ali tho tim» 'until evening to amuse himself. The pro- ' posai was put forward in Christchurch in the interest of oriuket, but it emanated fro» a mern cr of the Philosophical «ocioly of .Wellington, who «aid tbo nystom hail b en found to work well in Spain. He mie,h» have added that it also worked well hi Scotland, where the Custom is not un- known of sooiotly pu'ling the dook« forward afUr the family have relired «to rest, in order that there may bo an early start in the morning The iininoiahiy ol this practice is undoubted, and J do not think 111» present pieposal tu destiny all belief in oloeks is munn better. There is not too much faith as it is, Let any mau be going to oatuh a tram for which his watch, faithful always, assures bim he has abund- ance of time. Let one pen-on huriy past him to cutoh tho Haine train. Ho will hurry too. Let another pars bim at a breulhlrai run for the station. Ho »ill thru run alto, although at another time he would stu'ie hi» reputation on thu fidelity of h'lB Hatch." Famink Pricks.-The ordinary inhabitant of Buluwayo has, it seems, great difficulty in preventing himself from starving on about a Jt'5-noto a day. Necessaries are very custly« whilst luxuries aie absolutely proliibi'ivefor ordinary everyday mettais thore. The fol- lowing is extracted by tho Empire from a letter recently rtoeivtd from a resident of tho beleaguered city ¡-" We have," be «ays, " to pay fur sugar is. 6 I. per lb,; a ?mall loaf of bread, inz , Is, (reduced from Is. 6d.) ; small tins potted meat, Is 6d. oauh ; 8oz. tin coooa, 3s. (some muree, 3i> 6d.) ; English tobacco, 10-. per Ib ¡ sweets, Gi. per lb. (all siuros are uow cleared out of i lu bo) ; oggB oneo lotohed 40s. a (ioz , now varying from 13s. fid. upwards; army and navy talions, G*, to Os. for 21 b. tins; Lyle-'« golden syrup, 3s. 0'i. it tin (only a tmall quantity loft) ; bi'ouits. Gi. per Ib., ifther» ure any left in town ; Kaffir corn, £10 eer bag of 200 b. lu Saliblmi., too, prices ara now exorbitant for everylhing. Salted oxen fetuh £27 each, while whiskey com- mands 30s. a bottle 1 " Comino Evknts Cast Tiikih Shadows BefiUU!.-A peculiar eunicia, u'e has been ( brought under the Weliiugton Pott a notice in connection with the lecent murder at Petone, near that city. The late Mr Jones, who was the victim, lived for some time at ballarat, wheie ho was known as a most Inveable man. One of his fiiindB there-a punlio officer of the town-willing toa Iriénd in Wellington, mention» this odd oiroum Btame :-On the night of the uiuider he waa at the Sydney lailwuy terminus from 8 15 to s 9 o'clouk, ard wiiile waitwg for his tiaia he was lolling a frionii alii ut some of the family troubles of the Jonents, And as he «eat i oui li Waid in the train the affairs of the f imily still haunted him-to such an extent that he spoke of lh> in to fellow- passenger» between Sydney and ' Albuiy, uguin between Albury and Melbourne, ami onoe more between I ¡oolong and Ballarat. "Indeed," he says, " for some mysterious rea«on I wa* continually thinking of thi m until, taking up the Star the morning after my return, ovei night, I saw tho dreadful news." "Purity and perfect cleanliness; full weight, one pound tins. W. D Pbaooo« Ufo Oo 's Jams." DlKD OF CLD ¿¡OB AT F-NUTT MoNTUS. Natani (says tho Du'dy News) has once moie proved her ablli.y to surpass tbo wildest flights of imagination, and Mr, \V. S, Gillier!, who rules the kingdom of Top>y Turvydim, has been vindicated. Who doe« not lemembur the history of the precocious youth, lu the immortal book of " '*1D> who "died an enfeebled old dotard of five. He lived through thu prophet's threeicere years and ten io a short lourtoenth part or that spin, but yet he mauiged to crowd into that period nil the experiences of a normal lifetime. Ho must nnw hide hi» diminished head, for a seu'lo brat has just died io Amoiica ut the pairiaichal agent eight months. Ho grew through babyhood in a week, had beoi/me a boy in a month, a young fellow oupabln of owillingvrhitkejf and beor wheu niust£ohildren are still at the bottle, aud be hid a copious vooâbulary when real infant« can onlj ,q-c»I in a »billi and unintelligible troble. ihis remarkable specimen of humanity then developed a beard, grew grey, and dioil o' recognised old age before »ny well- bi haved youngster has become peevish through teething. ". are living in a fust nge, indeed. A BTim/LAWNO oop.-A »mau spoMfolrf Cadbury* Cocoa, with boiling water or inn» will make instantly a sUmulafliijt and sustalB Ing rup of the most deliolous, dlgesUW» aao absolutely pure and nonrlHhlusr coon. CLEWLR'S POISHN»D WHEAT, KXTRA STUONO, ' FoB DhS'JROYING MICE, B I B I' ti, ETC., ON THE SPOT. This Préparai ion i- now prepr-red DOUBLE its usual strength, And its exceedingly poisiiuous . tffeuiit aro marvellous, r"" Diieutionu on each Box, Prick 0d ; hy Post, 8d. Special price for Quantity. Manufactured only by W. J. C L E W Ë B, ril.VlcJIACKI TIOAL CHI-.MI.ST, 9ä, ELlZABh/l'H-aJ KEl'.l', HOBAB1. 