CURRENT NEWS. Mr. Maofarlane had only one case to adju dicate on at the Police Court on Saturday, the culprit being John M'Oarthy, who used language unfit for polite oars. Ho was fined 10a or 24 hours. It is stated that the rates of Government wages recently formulated under the mini mum wage clause by the Minister for Works amount to an average reduotion of 2e per day compared with the rates previously in force. The statement by a local alderman at the last meeting of the Waterloo Oouncil that between 60 and 60 Syrian hawkers resided in one house in the distriot under conditions the reverse of sanitary is denied by a Syrian resie dent of the locality. Mr. Arthur Holmes, the chief clerk of the Military Head.quarters Staff Offloo, has been given the honorary rank of a commissioned offioer. Mr. Holmes' appointment to the roll of officers will be popular in the service, as well amongst those of the publio who are brought into communication with him. Liou tenant Holmes invariably discharges his diffioult duties with tact, ability, and cour tesy. If an extra Is per ton had boon charged on the interoolonial output of coal last year, Mr. Jas. Ourley told the meeting on Saturday that the extra return would have boon some thing like £60,000; and an extra 6d per ton on the foreign exports would have brought in about £23,000. In those two items alone, Mr. Ourloy contended that £73,000 had been practically lost to Newcastle by the unwar ranted and reckless competition among .the proprietors. Alderman W. B. Sharp must have felt Sratifled at the way in which the publio on Saturday marked their appreciation of his efforts to bring about some improvement in tho condition of the coal trade. Alderman 0\. G. Stooel simply raised the enthusiasm of the crowd when he expressed the hope that Mr. Sharp would be returned as mayor for a second year. In replying to a vote of thanks for presiding, the Mayor said he had simply tried to do his duty, and if the result of the meeooting would benefit Newcastle in any way no one would be more ploased than he. . Mr. Alexander Stowart, general manager of the Broken Hill Proprietary Mine, is at present on a visit to Sydney. Ho informed a reporter, who called upon him, that he was only over on a holiday tcip, and did not have anything to say with regard to the prospects of silver-aming at the Hill. In reply to an inquiry as to whether the Proprietary Com pany had any intention of starting smelting works at Newcastle for the treatment of re fractory ores, Mr. Stowart said that he had no information to give upon the matter. At the publio mooting of citizens held on Saturday evening to disouss the present poei tion of the ooul trado, a resolution was car ried appointing a deputation to wait upon tho Premier, and request "That the Government should interfere, with the object of advisiog or devising a means whereby the present and future diffioulties in the coal trade may be averted." Those appointed as the doputa tion were : The Mayor of Newcastle (Aldor man W. B. Sharp), Moessrs. D. J. R'Lean, O. G. Steel, Adam Cook, J. M'Fadyon, and Jae. Curley. No date has yet boon fixed for the interview wi *h Mr. Reid. Two men named James Anderson and Edward Smith, farm labourers, have been committod for trial by the Walbundrio Benoh. on a charge of stealing ten bags of wheat, the property of H. Bromflold, of Howlong. It is allogod that wheat-stealing on a whole. sale snclo has been proceeding in the Rliverina district for some time. Men have visited difearent stacks at night with a cart, taking a few bags from oaoh, and consigning them by rail to Sydnoy. It is bellovod that a largo quantity of wheat is stolen and dis posed of in this way before the owners even suspoot their losses. Mr. J. F. Kerr writes :-I am pleased to acoopt the assurance of a correspondent, who seeme to be fully noquainted with the details of the Josmond burglary, that the leniency extended to the prisoner was duoe to the in fluence of humanity, and not favour, and notwithstanding the mistalke that has oo. ourred, I do not for one moment think that the magistrate in question would willingly show favour in the adminiitratlon of justice to any clnss of the community, and if he has erred by the influence of humanity-one of the brightest gems that manhood posssesoe- well cansooloty afford to forgot and forgive. The report of the Newoastle and Huntor River Steamship Company, Limited, for the half-year ended Decembor 31, to be presented on January 28, states that after providing for depreciation, the available balanceo at credit of profit and lose account amounts to £3700 8s Od, which the directors roonmemend to be appropriated as follows :-To dividend at the rate of 0 per cent. per annum, £3000 ; leaving at credit of profit and loss £700 8S 6d, The gross earnings allow a dooroeas in freight from the Hunter. comparod with the cor responding ,ix montle of Inst year. Mr. Charloes Irvino, a leading Scotch criminal lawyer, writes to the l?llaraet Star,' that he cannot soee the enormity of Mr. Meagher's guilt in conneoeton with the Dean ease. He says Mr. Moaghor "appears' to have done what I and snores of other SBoottslh solilitors are doluing every day. I hope it is not the law of Australia that a solloitor for a prisoner is liasble to be put upon an oath with the view of elioiting what passed betwoeen thom nla their private interviews." In Mr. Meegher's ceso, it will be remembered, the charge of conspirasoy was based upon his own voluntary statenment. The followuing is the past list for the Now castle Technieanl ohool of Shorthand, con dueted by Mr. Colin Chrlstie :--Honours, reporting (120 words a minute): Albert Westoott, James Watson. First grade re. porting: Georgo8e Stapleton. Firstgrado (100 words a minute) Aleoxander Dyct, iobort I)uro, William Watson. Scoond grade (80 words a minute) : GI. Salter. First grado (00 words a minute) : Stephen Lott. Second grade: T. I. Jones, John Chalmers. jur. Second grade, corresponding: Nathan VaRloy, Thomas Hamilton. Honors, elementary: P . . Orapp, A, R.oant, Lot Worthington, G. F, Thomas, A. L. Pike, William Downieo, Thomas Day, The paslso for the whole of the colony in the highest speed are four, of which three are Neowoastlo boys. The classna has passed 20 out of 20 sent up, making the aPverage much above that of the whole colony. January 27 has been set aside at Glen Innes for the opening of a now post- office there. The event will most likely be marked by the presence of the Postmaster-General and the Minister for Works. In addition to the military promotions published on Saturday, Mr. Georgo Robert short, gentleman, was gazettod as having been raised to the rank of Second Lieutenant of the Second Garrisou Division Artillery. Doubtless, Sir Heroules Robinson was very glad to leave Protoria, after eating more than his fair lehar of President IKrugor's humble pie, and hearing the name of his country cursed by people with an equal antipathy to Englishmen and soap. King Prempeh, of Ashantee, has submitted to the British Military expedition. Probably it was noised abroad in Coomassie that that redoubtable warrior, Prince Henry of Batten burg was one of the force. So Prompoh thought it well to come down at onoe and save further trouble. A fire, which a coroner's jury found to be due to a wilful and egalieious aot, occurred at Pine Grove, near Rfid's Flat, Mount M'Do nald, on the 8th inst., destroying the wool and bay shed of George W. Frazer, with properly valued at close on £200.. A man is uneoor arrest. Mr James Curley, the seoretary of the Miners' Association, expressed the hope at Saturday night's mass meeooting that when the time arrived for the miners to assert their just and reasonable claims, the munliepal bodies or the morohants' assoolation would not be found running away from them. It is said that the American Secoretary of State favours the purohaso by the 1.nited States of the Danish West India Islands. This ia very inconsistent conduct, for Brother Jonathan has essough on his hands at present in the maintenanco of the Monroe doctrine, without initiating a spirited foreign policy. The report presented at the annual meet. ing of the Singleton Hospital and Bene volent Asylum showed that the donations amountedto £33, as against £23 the previous year; the subscriptions were £78, as against £46 the previous year; payments from in mates were £498, as against £93 in the preo vieus year. It is very good of the eaptains of the steamers plying on Lako Ontario to offelr their services to the Dominion Government in the event of war. When people are be tween two fires it is well to remember that a volutateor always ooies better off than a pressed man. The volunteer will probably, if he is not fit for higher work, be made an offioo orderly, while the pressed man may be employed about the sanitary department. The curse of senility appears to be on the German, Russian, and Austrian consule at Aleppo. Those men, on account of their advanced age, excuse themselves from attend ing the meetings tf their consular colleagues, who are endeavouring to arbitrate between the revolted Armenians and the Turks at Zeituo" An old gentleman is also wanted to represent Britain at Constantinople, so that he might be able to plead his great age when Britain is asked to do something on behalf of the wrotched Armoniaqs. In the course of his remarks at the mass meeting on Saturday Aldermau W. B. Sharp explained that at Cardiff, in South Wales, the whole of the colliery proprietors had recently amalgamated, and raised the price of coal from 10s Od to 10s 98 per ton. If this could be done where the output was bo tweeoon 16 and 10 million tons per annum, the Mayor thought it was not too much to accomplish hero. Sand-shifting in Centennial Park con tinues to ocoupy the time of some 1600 men, though the Governmont is endeavouring to discontinue this means of providing food for the unemployed by degrees. SBuoch a desir able end is being attainud by the removal of the men to other publlo works. Last week the number was thus reliovot by somo 30 hands, and it is expected that a similar band wil be transferred to-day. An extraordinary incident is reported from Parramatta. Last Wednesday evening the attention of. the polloe was called to an un pleasant odour arising from a ottage on the Western-road. On inquiryit was found that the place was occupled by two elderly ladies. One had died on the previous Sunday, and for some reason no stops had been taken to have the body interred. The body was in a high state of deooomposition. At Ambrym, Now Hebrides, the other day, the principal item on the bill of fare was roaset missionary a la Catholic. All the loading people of the village were present, and the fire was lit upon whtoh the victim was to be cooked. Provldeneoo willed other wise, however, for the missionary managed to take Frenoh leave of those who were about to heap coals of fire on his head. Then the darkdee got still blacker in the face, as they roalised that the principal item had booome literally a pieeoo do resistance. Judging by Sydney's record last week the affection of the folks there for water is go verned naturally by the heat of the weather. At 108 degrees in tho shade on Monday the pumping of 12,000,000 gallons was necessary tt Pott's Hill rotervoir, and 1,900,000 gal lons at bChatewood. With a much reduced temperature on Wednesday the requirements at the former plaeoo only amounted to 8,200,000 gallons, while the other quantity wasredueood to 800,000 gallons. The amount of coal shipped from the southern distrlot last year was 32,702 tons in excess of the total for the provious twelve months. Following are the monthly ship. monts: -January, 38,022 tons; February, 46,423ftone; March, 40,003 tons; April, 42,110 tons; May, 317,0979 tons; Juno, 40,221 tons; July, 44,8390 tons; August, 47,028 tons; September, 4,184 tons; October, 50,349 toens; November, 40,777 tonts; Do. oomber, 48,340 tone: Total, 61049 045 tons, For sunstroke a Sydney modicoal man roe commends the following treatment:-"ERub the patiiett's head from the crown downwards to the nape of the neck, behind the ears, and over the forehead and temples with fresh lemnons out in halves, using suffiolontpros sture to force the julco into the skin. It is esseaontial to start from the nrown of the head, and work downwards 'and to keep the juice out of the patient's eyes. Generally half an hour will seide to restore an almost eunon seoiousl sufferer." Who will any longer qcesltion the loyalty of the Maoris ? At a meooting of the North island natives the other day thloso present offered to form a regoiment for oservice in the Tranevaal. They, however, evidently had not a good grip of the situation, and forgot that Britain is disarming the very foron that came to grief undor Dr. Jameson. However, thero is no seying what may happen one of those days. But it may be regarded as certain that Britain would never send a force of coloured men to fight the white people of South Africa. SEah notion would make a very dangerous precedent, Follard's Liliputliacs can no longer be called little. That fact was evident at the Victoria Theatre on Saturday night, when they appeared in " Pauil Jones. But that they gain the grace end charm of extreme youth to the ease whiloh comaes trom exportienco is not to hbe denied. These very young people are no longer children, but they are really jtvonile artists, They play a long repertoire with mnarvellous talent and roesouroo, and Mr. Pollard deserves every snuccenss for the high state of porfeotion to whih hle has educated his charges. There are many complaints as to the manner in whilh the blOhehs are assorting what may be oalled manorial rights over the Bingleton Common. Blcause a very small area was reserved for thie uee of an aboriginal lIdy (Mrs, J. Waters) and hler family, every blsakfellow in the distriet (says the loonal paper) asserts his right to camp anywhere and overywhere, whllh his dogs chalsne cattle acnd annoy human hnings, and hle himself I ohops up feneoon for firewood and pioks up ueonesidored trifloes. The Mayor hes ben doing his besat to keeoop down this nxs?uanoo, and warned off an immigrant family of blaoks from another plaeoo, But what is wanted is Government interfereaco, and the sooner the better. Police-trooper O'Rourke, of Lamhton, has been appointed to the Scone district. Sir William Windeyer nails for San Fran. oisco this afternoon by the R.M.S. Monowai on his way to England. Soldom, if ever, has New England seen a better hay crop than the one now being har vested, says an Armnidalepaper. Lake Macquarie is reported to befullof small sharks. About the flats some fairly big follows are seen daily hunting the fish m the chaunel. There is nothing sensational to report in the coal trade for the current week (writes the Lithgow jllorcury). Everything is quiet -as it has been for several weeks-the working time averaging from three to four shifts. Saturday was the hottest day ever ex perienced in Noewoeastlo and the surrounding distriats. Three deaths occurred on account of the excessive heat, the temperature ex ceeding 104 in the shade in the coolest planes. The importance of the Tamworth district in connection with the pastoral industry may be judged (esays a local paper) by the fact that 275 persons owning 000 sheep and up wards made returns to that effect to the 0.P.S. during 18956. .Our Greta correspondent writes :-It seems as if the fates are against too much prosperity here. With the prospect of Greta Colliery working a little better, the Anvil Creek Col liery is at a standstill. There has been no work there for a week, and if report speaks truly, there will be none for some time. Consequenotly between 20 and 30 men are thrown out of employment. The death is'announced of MIrs. Carruthere, wife of the Rev. J. E. Carruthers, the pro sident of the Wesleyan Confereneoo. The sad event, which took place at Narellan, near. Camden, on Friday, was not unerxpected, as the deceased lady had been an invalid for some time. Mrs. Oarruthers belonged to a well-known and respected family at Dungog. A strike occurred at the Cullen Bullon Colliery, in the Lithgow distriot last week. In the past the miners have hand-wheeled their own coal, recoiviug in consideration 9d per fortnight, but owing to the inconvenience attending the system they applied to the manager for spooirl hands to do the work. The request was refused, and on Monday last the men laid the mine idle. On Wednesday, however, a conferonooe took place, at which the manager promised to make certain changes in the system of working, and the men re sumed work the following day. The revenue for the year 1895.0, as estimated, is less than the revenue for the year 1894 to the extont of £268,398. For the half-year, July to Deooomber, 1895, as compared with the revenue for thoeorroespond ing period of 1894, there was an increase to the extent of £1888. Fromn the let to the 15th January, 1800, the revenue amounted to £318,762; from the slet to the 16th January, 1894, it amounted to £310,521. There is thus an increase for-the period from the let to the 10th January, 1806, in thoe revonue 18095-0, as compared with that for the corresponding period of 1804, to the extont of £8241. An open-air fanoy fair will be opened in connection with St. Mark's Church, Islington, next Wednesday. At his rooms this morning Mr. J. 0. B3onarius will sell by aucnotion block of land. A largo quantity of drapery will be sold by Mr. Arthur Tighe at his rooms this morn ing. At his rooms this afternoon, Mr. Gee. T. Edwards wilt soll by auction city freehold property. At their rooms this morning, Messrs. Croeer and Borkeloy will sell by auctioc household furniture, boots and shoos, &0. This morning, on the premises, Berner streeout, Morowethor, Mr. Alfred Asheor will coll household furniture and effects. On the promises, Tyrrot- etroot, this morn ing, Messrs. M. A. Fraser and Co. will selW by auction homehold furniture. This morning, Messrs. Long, Wood and Co. will sell by auction, on the promises, Pitt-street, superior household furniture. Meoasr. J. N. Brnnker and Son will sell by - anotion this morning, on the premises, Mlt oholl-street, Stoohton, furnlturo and effects. This morning, on the promises, Nelson streeoot, Wallsend, Mr. E. Higgs will sell by auotion fanoy goods, stationery, orioketing materials, &e.; 