OF TIM DAY. Monday next boing a public holiday The Age oifioo will ho closed nt 10 o'clock a.m. and rooponcd at G o'clock p.m. Between tlio hours named advertisements may be left with tlio | caretaker in attendance. Ilia Excellency the Governor will on Monday leave the Bay in his yaclit, the Sunbeam, for n visit to Now Zealand. Iio will bo absent for about six weeks, and while lie is away tho functions of Governor will bo discharged by Sir John Madden, who will ho Bworn iu by Mr. Justico Hood at a meeting of tho Executivo Council on Tuesday. Tlio Parliamentary session was closed on Thursday. 1 Tho customary formalities— military j display, bra33 bands and tho firing of big guns — woro observed, but tho attendance was unusually small, which circumstanco was accounted for by provious uncertainty a9 to tho exact data of prorogation aud consequent cur tailment of tho opportunity to distributo favors in the form of invitations. Tho proceedings wero marred by ono eventuality. Tho Insol vency Bill, representing a vast amount of mental labor and pregnant with good to tho community, was at tlio lust moment thrown out by tho Legislative Council beeauso tho Assembly in tho cxorciso of its prcrogativo told tlio Council that it must not mcddlo in a question of finance. Tho particular and only point oil whieli nil irreconcilable difference arose was as to making insolvont ostntos pay a per centage towards tho cost of administering tho insolvency law. It remained then hut for his Excellency to offer a few congratulatory romarks on the amount of work which, despite obstruction, had been achieved. Early oil Thursday morning, when tho press reports of Parliamentary proceedings had boon almost closed, tho fow members who remained to form a quorum in tlio Assembly wero enter tained with a passage at arms betweou'the Attorney-General and Mr. Madden. About tho beginning of the session Mr. Madden introduced a hill to amend the CrimcB Act in regard to larcony as a bnileo. Tho object was admittedly good, but the bill was drafted by an amateur. Sir. Madden sought the help of Mr. Isaacs, who so remodelled tlio mea sure as to make it passable, and ho also pro mised to aid tho member for tho Eastern Suburbs in plaoing it on tho statute book. It so hnppenod that the measure eould not ho pushed forward in tho Assembly without boing | to a certainty stifled by tha pressure of othor business there. In pursuance of his generous undertaking, tho Attoriioy-Gonorol had the bill passed through tho Legislative Council, nnd for warded to tho Assembly at a timo when tlioro would ho an opportunity to assent to it. And how wns he thanked ? Tho submission of tho hill to tho Legislative Council was , taken by Mr. Madden as a cuo to vilify tho Attorney- General. Ho accused tho lion, gentleman of mean pilfering— of appropriating to himRolf another man's bantling. On Thursday morning Mr. Isaacs submitted tho hill to tho Assembly, ; togctlior with all the records relating thereto, nnd in an avalaucho of eloquence bo swept tlio ! jealous member for the Eastern Suburbs from liis position of sclf-conccit and affected indigna tion that tho latter cried " quits," or, to use his own words, pleaded "Let us kiss and he friends." Tho personal wrangle occupied much timo, but tho bill was passed without any othor discus sion. Vicc-rcgal assent to a number of bills was given at a meeting of tho Executivo Council on : Thursday. Tlio list includod tho Game Act, the Aliens Act, tho Federal Council Referring Act, the Water Supply Loan Application Act, tho Employers Liability Continuation Act, tho Incomo Tax Act, tho Victorian Government Stock Redemption Act, the Railway Loan Application Act and tho PoisonH Act. At a meeting of tho Executivo Council on Thursday Sir John M'lntyro and Sir Henry Wrixon were sworn in as moinbora of tho Federal Council, which meote at Hobart on 2Gth January. Tlio R.M.S. Oceana arrived at Albany from Colombo with English mails snd passengers early on Thursday morning, and sniled tho samo afternoon for Adelaido. Slio will reach the Semaphore on Sunday aftornoon, but it is uncertain whether she will bring hor own mails round to Melbourne, or allow them to ho for- warded by tho express train which leaves Adclnidc on Monday afternoon, and arrives in Melbourne on Tuesday morniiig. There is strong reason to believe that tho system by which free railway passes are issued to men to enable them to go up country for tlio purpose of prospocting is greatly abused. During the present yenr over 3000 of such passes have been issuod. Iu tiie month of August the number totalled 4G4— over 100 per week, or at the rate of about 20 p6r day. Tho method of issuing the passes gives great scope for abuse. If a man presents himself at tho Mines department, and states that ho wants a free pass to go mining in a country district ho is nt once told that ho must get a certi ficate from tho member of Parliament for tlio district in which lie resides that ho is absolutely destitute, and that ho has no means of paying his fare to tlio placo to which ho wants to go. Members, it appeurB, aro by no means scrupulously careful to ascertain tlio circumstances of the applicants, and sooner tlinn havo men bothering them to bo put on to tho relief works they will sign anything that will got tlicin out of tho way. Application.1! for free passes, therefore, accompanied by the ncoossary certificates How into tlio department in shoals. To Bupposo that all tho mfin who arc granted passes go prospecting would bo absurd. Many of them aro simply going to look for work in the country, othere aro absolutely under contract to take jobs on farms and stations, and other moil use tho pasBC3 for going up to tho shearing sheds or for travelling into other colonies. If a man is going up country and ho wants a frco railway pass there is no difficulty about getting one, whether ho is able to pay his faro or not. Since tho system was Crat intro duced by tho Patterson Government in 1893 about 17,000 passes have been issued, tho value of whioh may ho put down at £17,000, as the average fore would bo about £1. The Railway department does not sutfor by tlio practice, as each tickotissuod under thoauthority of tlio Mines department is charged against tho Treasury ; hut tho whole system is demoralising. Dcad- licadism grows by what it feeds on. Onoo a man finds it an easy mattor to got a free rail way pass, "parting" his faro becomes highly distasteful, and his future travelling is dono as far as possible "onithe nod." The ovil oxamplo, of course, Bpreads,(and tho result is that the railways carry a .largo number of persons annually who j bring in "nothing to tho revenue, and tho privileges they enjoy must bo paid for by tho general taxpayor. Seeing ' that ; 17,000 'freb"' passes have boon issued to alleged 'miiierii ',! in , 'three.' years, it is a question whotlibiUtfo Jlincs depart ment might not uiscontinuo the practice for a timo, or at any roto there Bhould he more striugent regulations, and that passes should \- bo issued only after the itrictoat assurancoi I " ... JUS , havo been given that the applicants are with out means. An ordor in Council was agreed to at a most- , fug of tlio Exooutivo ' oh Thursday fixing tiio dates of nomination mid election for tho hoard wliich is. to detorminp tho rates of pay in tile moil's nnd libys' .clothing trado. 'Nominations nro to ho Hont to tlio Under-Secretary, who has been appointed returning ofllcor, before 4 o'clock on Thursday, 7th January, and in tho ovont of a contost boing necessary the election will take placo on 18th January. Tho nomination paper of any cniicUdato to represent tho employors must ho signed by ten porsons, and tlio nomination inper of any enndidato to roproBont tho employed must ho signod by 25 employes. As tho numbor of outdoor workers in this trado does not total one-fifth of tho number of omployes there will bo no speoial representative of tlio outsido workers, who trill, thoroforo, join with tho othor cmployis in electing fivo members on the hoard. Tho voting will he conducted through tho post. Arraugoinonts aro being mado to havo tho elco- tion for tho boot and slioo trado towards tho end of January. Soino important changes in tlio liiglior posi tions of tlio public Lervice are likely to tako placo at an early date. It is practically sottlod tlmt Sir. J. Smibort, tho Doputy Postmaster- General, will retire from that position after tho Washington Postal Confcrcnco next yea'which he is to ntlond ns ono of tho delegates for Aus tralia. Tho appointment of his successor has engaged attention, and tho next porman'ont head of tho department will he Mr. F. L. Outtrim, who was formerly chief inspector of mail services, bnt is at present 1 Iniui tv-OoininiHsionor of Incomo Tax. As it is expedient that tlio now chief aliould bocomo familiar with the details of his duties, and somo ono will havo to fill Mr. Smihort's place during' his absence in America, Mr. Outtrim will probably return to tho post ofiico shortly, so as to act in association with Mr. Smibcrt till tlib departure of tlio latter, when Sir. Outtrim will' tako up his duties permanently. It follows that an officer must be selected to take Mr. Outtrim's plnco at tho Income Tax Office, and Sir. F. H. Bruford, of tlio Customs department, lias been mentioned as liis successor, but tlioro is a material objection in this case, inasmuch as Mr. Bruford's services are of essential valuo to tho Customs departmont, while nothing would ho gained by sending him to tho Income Tax Office. As a result of tho rccont inquiry into tho efficiency of tho telephone branch of tho Post Ofiico it lias been found desirahlo to obtain somo outsido assistance for tlio guidanco of tho postal authorities, nnd Mr. Duffy has tele graphed to Sir. Thymic, the ..Queensland Post master-General, asking that tho electrical export of thnt colony may bo sent to Mel bourne to investigate our telephonic systum. Tlio electrician reforred to, Mr. Hcsketh, has recently been brought out by tho Queensland Government from England, whero lio was filling tlio position of electrical expert for tho town of Blackburn. It is oxpeoted that as he lias had European experience, and comes out horo as an electrician familiar with tho very latest science, ho may bo ablo to suggest somo methods of improving tho systom. Mr. Hcs- koth'a inquiry will ho confined to tho purely scientific sido of tho telephone question, and the matter of tlio rato of subscription will ho dealt with after ho has sent in his report. The details of tho treaty between Venezuela and Great Britain for tho settlement of tlio Venezuela boundary question as agreed upon botwoon Great Britain nnd tlio United States (says our London corrcspondont undor date 20tli November) have now been pub- . lished. Tho agreement has four heads. Tlio first provides for , tho appointment of an arbitral tribunal , to dotormino tho boundary line between Great Britain and tho Republic of Venezuela. Tlio socond provides for tho appointment of a tribunal, to consist of two membors, nominated by tho justicoa of tho Sujiremo Court of tho United States ; two moinborB nominated by tho British High Court of Justico, aud tho fifth to he a jurist selacted by tho other four. In tho ovunt of failure to agree, tho fifth member to be selected by tho King of Sweden and Norway. Hu is to bo tlio president of the tribunal of arbitration to bo nominated by the juolicosof the Supremo Court of tho United States and that of Great Britain, and inay ho a judge of the said courts. Tho third head ' directs tho tribunal to investigate all tho facts necessary to docido tho controversy as to tho extent of terri tory known to belong to tho . United Nether lands and tho kingdom of Spain at tho date of tho acquisition of British Guiana by Great Britain. 'The fourth head provides that the arbitrators Bhall ascertain all tiio facts noccssary to arrive ut a proper doeiaion, and bo govorned in their findings by three short rules, tho most impor tant of which provides that actual holdings or prescriptions for a poriod of 50 years ehaH mako good the title. The arbitrators may give effect to tho rights of settlors. In establishing tho facts tho ordinary rulos of law shall prevail. The agreement is dated 12£h Novombor, and is signed Richard Olncy and Julian I'aunceforte. It will bo observed that tho wording of tho agreement makes it final and conclusive botwoon Great Britain and tho United States for a settlement of tho boundary question, as tho phrase uBod in the preface is " as agreed upon between Grout Britain and tho United States," and now that it has been signed by tho American Secretary of State and the Britisli ambassador, both coun tries have reached a settlement so far as they uro concerned. Tlio agrcomcnt will ho tho basis of a treaty to bo concluded between Great Britain and Venezuela. . Iu fact it will bo a treaty in itself. Tho only clauses to bo added will bo tlioso relating to procedure, tho compensation of tho membors of the arbitral tribunal, and other routino matters of no vital consequence. ' l'olico Sergennt Davis, of Omoo, lias been transferred to Sale, to fill the vacancy created by tho death of Sergeant Kilmartiu ; and Senior Constahlo Pfund, of Russell-street, has been deputed to tako chargo of tho Omeo district. Tho British Medical Journal lias a word of warning to middle aged cyclists. Tliero have been several notablo deaths among tlio ranks of these lately, whoroupon our contem. porary :— " Any form of oxorciso or sport which makes serious demands on tho attention, on quickness of cyo and hand, and on. endurance, ought to be taken up by people who . havo reached middle lifo, and are enguged in seden tary occupation, only with great circumspec tion. , , . An old dog cannot', be taught'- tricks, according to tho proverb ; and though it x is disagreeable to have to realise thai wo havo passed the ago when wo can excel in a now pas- timo requiring special skill to avoidlaccidont, and youthful adaptability and elasticity to avoid ovorstraiu, it is tho part of wisdom to accept tho inevitable." Of course this epes not mean that no middle aged man should take to cycling, hub that middle aged mon generally should remember that thoro aro limitations ta their efforts. \ In an interview with a repreeentativi " of Router's agency, M. do Gorlnolio, tho Bemnn naval lieutenant, who is the organiser tad loader of tho projected Belgian Antarcticex- pedition, gavo the following' particulars rogatd- ing his enterprise: — "Tho expedition is it start from Antwerp on or about lBth July next in tho steamer La Bclgica, which at prcBentu lying at Sando Fiord, in Norway. Tho organ isers of tho Belgian expedition havo had mate difficulties to contend, with. First of a!j because Belgium is not a maritimo country that is, it is not so well provided with nautic instruments, &c.;, as othor countries, an they havo had to provido their own vci sol. Tho La Belgica will carry a thri years' food supply. Tho scientifio sts '' will consist of M. Archowsky, a Belgit i geological chemist, who is attached to tl > General Institute of Chemistry at Litge ; I , Dauco, a Belgian artillery lieutenant, to who i' tho magnetic and meteorological observatio i will bo entrusted ; M. Rucovitza, a native ' iRoumania, who haB studied science at Far: - and, alveady conduoted dredging operations : , deep water j and Dr. Taquin, a Belgian, wh \ iu addition to his. duties as doctor to tho exped tion, wijl, assist tho othor scientifio members : , 'tiiein work. M. do Gcrlaoho will be assisted : command of .the vossol by two lieutenant . and the crow will consist of a boatswaii , a carpenter, eight seamen, two engineer a eaok and a steward. The expeditioi will probably bo absent about two years. During the first year wo shall go to tbo east of Graham hand, in George IV, Son, and, then winter in Australia. Tho second yea wo shall' piobibly go in tho direotion of Victoria Lnnd. Wo intend more especially to dovoto ourselves tb'goological and zoological research, taking for the ' purpose specimens from tho various iicadrifts Rnd tho submarine deposits. Wo Blmll also estimate tho sea temperature at difforontdopthH, rind, in short, make research similar to those made by tho Challenger and other Antarctic expeditions." M. do Gorlacho, in conclusion, expressed con fidence that his expedition would bo a successful one. During the debate in tho Reichstag on the 17th November upon the practice of duelling, Horr Bcbel, tho Socialist momber, criticising tho custom, said "How con anyone say that whoever attacks the king's . uniform tho.roby insults the king ? In 1799 tho king threatened with pain of death all military men who flouted a civilian. But now things, arc coming to such a pass that wo may ono day seo tho uniform of tho OuirosBiers of the Guard hung up liko Gcsslor's hat, and may find tho people required to mako obeisanco before tho emperor's horse. It is vain to desire that a word from tho august mouth should bring tho pcoplo into such a state of fear and trembling as to mako them bow the knee in Bilcnco. No success is possiblo for views which are so diametrically opposed to common sense as to render him who is con stantly trying to mako them prevail tho greatest of fools." " During tho last 10 years," says tho London correspondent of tho Times of India "Don- mark has laid upon herself a heavy burdon of financial sacrifices to fortify Copenhagen by land and sea ; una iter hint yearly estimate for war purposoH comprises more than ,15 per cent, of the expenditure of tho Government. It is asserted that, in accordance with a secret and unwritten understanding or entente originated by Czar Alexander III. with Chris tian IX., Russia takes upon herself to guarantee tho integrity 6£ the dominions of tho King of Denmark, . the guarantees for which proved ho ineffective in 1801. Russia' lias further promised, it is also understood, that should a favorable opportunity arise — through adjustment, of territory or otherwise — Russia will insist that the part of Slcsvig inhabited by the Danish speaking population shall, in caso the inhabitants by a plebiscite express their wish for it, be restored to Denmark. Denmark, on tlio other hand, undertakes, should Russia bo involved in war, to placo at her disposal, for temporary occupation, such harbors, fortifica tions, ship building yards, &c.;, as who may desire, and theso aro all concentrated in Copen hagen 4 Tho authenticity of this revelation has, of course, boon denied, but it is reiterated with tho addition that tho secret agreement was re-affirmed by M. Estrup heforo his resignation. The present Danish Premier, Baron Resdtz- Thott will loyally fulfil tho pledges given by his predecessor." "On 18th November," remarks tho South Australian Advertiser of tho 23rd inst., " tho Government called for tenders for tho supply and delivery on tho wharf at any port, or on railway trucks at any station in tho colony, of 25,000 hags of good dean wheat fit for seed. It was specified that 1 tho grain might ho of South Australian growth, or from tho Western, district of Victoria, or of tho Now Zealand variety known as Long- herry, or of tho California)! class known as 4 Clioico Australia. Tho wheat is' required for supplying tho distressed farmers with Bcod in terms of tho act recently assented to by tho Govornor. Tho Supply and Tender' Board received 41 tenders, representing 57,533 ' bags, or inoro than double tho quautity asked for. They were opened on 15th December and scheduled, each sample being carefully examined by experts before decisions were arrivod at. Tho tondors were finally dealt with on Tuesday afternoon, wlion tho board selected 30, equivalent to an aggre gate of a little over tho specified quautity. and subsequently the Minister approved of tho recommendations and formally accepted the tenders. In the evening notices were posted to all of tho tenderers apprising them of tho selection of tho hoard. ' A.n analysis of tho figurei showed that the a'verago <prico of tho wheat to ho supplied to the Government was fin. 7.8d. per bualiol of GO lb. Several of tho tenders had to bo rejected owing to the quality of tho grain being unsuitable for seed purpouos. By far tho larger number of tenders were submitted by South Australian growers and dealers. Of the 3G accepted, 35 wore for South Australian grain, the other ono being for wheat grown in the Western district of Victoria, Tlio South Australian whdat is the product of fields in various parts of tho colony, and possibly in its distribution climatic changes may be effected which will prove advantageous. Tlio successful tenderers have to comply with tho conditions of their contracts not later than 1st March." "The new order of things in Norfolk Island," observes tho Sydney Daily Telegraph of the 23rd inst., "appears to have been accepted nhnot with enthusiasm by tho inhabitants, and to bo operating very successfully. There was a time, as may bo remembered, when such a result, as this seemed anything hut probable. The islander who came to Sydney and de clared that tlio policy in train raised liiin to n vigorous state of miud,' had symptoms which were generally experienced in his little country, and at one stago of tho process of Governmental rc-organisation the pcoplo made a suggestion of physical resistance to new fangled policies which was in key with tho occasional threats of Honduras to launch its army of 10 men against tho United States, and the proposals of Guatemala to lend Nicaragua a little war steamer to destro' tho British navy with. That heated feeling has passed away, how ever. Norfolk Island lias willingly elected its Council of Elders, there is an idea of forming a cavalry corps, whooping cough is prevalent, a new lockup is being built, Colouel Spalding has held several sittings of the magistrate's court, for which the lists of debt cases aro noticeably heavy, and in fine tho country is exhibiting many uniuistakcable signs of civilisation and modernity. Though some of these aro not of too pleasant an appearance, tho Blunders will cvoutuully find themselves much better off in their now condition than they wcro in the old, if half is true of what was said of Hindi stutobofore tho change was made." "Adelaide," says tho South Australian Register ot tho 23rd inst., "lias tho unfortu nate distinction of possessing tho only oval in the world w '-on which a wicket has boon tampered with during tho progress of an important match. Tho occasion it will bo remembered by cricketers, was when Vernon's English eleven was hero in December, 1887. During tho night following . tho second day of tho match some one entered tho ground, watered and rolled tlio pitch, which they so improved that tho South Australians were enabled to mako 493 runs, a score which to thio day is tlio boat record put up by any colony against an English eleven. Ever since tho cricketing association lms lmd a night watchman at tho oval, and it is fortunate that they have, . for there is strong reason to suspect that his vigilance prevented the wicket being tampered .with on Monday evening, tho intercolonial match with Now South "Wales having to bo resumed next morn ing. The watchman, an eldorly uian, Btates that bctwoen 1 and 2 a.m. he saw two men, who had . apparently climbed tho fence near the cutranco gate, stealthily crossing tho ground. .Ho at once walked towards and got nearly up to them before they discovered hira. Ho ordered them off tho ground, and one man compliod with the request, by climbing back over tho big gate, but just as tho other mado the attempt ho turned round and hit tho old man a severe blow on tho mouth. The guardian of tho oval retaliated, and after giving him his deserts opened tho gate and the man walked quietly away. Tho visit of Hie men may have been prompted by harm less. motives, but tho watoliman believes they meant to make an attempt to either improve or ruia tho wicket." . 1 la connection with tlio recent decease of the Archdeacon of Becchwortb, the Bishop of Mel bourne has decided for financial' reasons ".to" make no appointment of a successor for tho present. The duties of the arckdcttcohry will bo undertaken by tho archdeacons of Melbourne and Sandhurst, who are to rcceivo travelling expenses only. It has been arranged tli&t; Arckdeacon MacOuUagk shall tako charge of the portion of the country which lias to tho west of tlje nof th-caBtern railway lino and Arcb- dcacon of all to the east, including the plaqos pthoJiijD.'. On 'rliurudiy. morning Miaa Gortrudo Snofl- wh Wai tavoroly injured in a collision between a tramjind a cart recently, was removed from tho Melbourne Hospital. to a privato hos pital at St. Kilda. Dr. Fred Bird, who per formed the oporation-on tho injured young lady, directed tho removal. Miss Snodgrass is now making favorable progress, and is considered quite out of danger. Wo have received from Messrs. Stiliwol! and Co. too current number f tho Intercolonial Medical Journal of A ustratagia. . It is notified that the Tramway Brass Band will porrorm Hacred music to-morrow from 3 to 6 p.m. at toe Sb. Kilda Esplanade. J ,? aro requested to mention that Messrs. Craig, Williamson and Thomas, drapers, Ac., Elizabeth- next opon t0T business as usual on Monday Rccoivod from Messrs. Glon and Co., four new numbers of their well-known musical series, The £oderal Music Books, Nos. 42, 43, 44anil46, and tho Christmas number of tho Colonial Musical Cabinet, containing many new and popular songs. I ho honorary secretary of the Immigrants' Itome desires to acknowledge the following donations to the Morris Christmas Fund, viz:— Charles M. Lloyd. £5 ; James Graham, £2 2s.; Craig, Williamson Sri. fil0m% £X lH-5 M'Lean Bros, and Ripg, £1 Is.; Nita,5s;: Maltatoti, England and Stewart, £1 Is.; „ woHey, 6s.; Miss Woolloy, 5s.; Miss A. Wqolloy,. 6(1.; M.I Hutchinson, £1. Also the JoHowiiig contributions to tho tobacco fund:— Wm. Oleadell, 10s.; James Loudon, 10s. 6d.;Wm. Small, lQ.;Jiio, Pigdon, 5s.; J, Kronheimer and Co., 2 boxes pipes, 1 box tobacco ; W. II. Fielding, parcel tobacco ; Suburban Carriers, 40 lb. tobacco? 