LAND SETTLEMENT. TO THE EDITOR. SIR-In the report of the speeches at the banquet to Mr. Throssell, appearing in the WEST AUSTRALIAN of the 4th instant, there is, judging from the context, a typographical error in Sir John Forrest's address, which, It strikes me, gives a totally opposite mean- ing to that the Premier intended to express. In partly unfolding the Ministerial bill of fare for the approaching session, Sir John, in Sounding a warning note of the inevitable abolition of duties on imported produce, is made to say-" The producers were increas- ing in the same proportion as the con- sumers." If that sentence is correctly reported, land settlement must have advanced with gigantic strides since last year, when the leader of the Government was obliged to admit that it was not proceeding at a satisfactory rate. The word "not" between " were " and " increasing " in the sentence quoted would most probably express the meaning the speaker wished to convey. On the other hand, if the statement with regard to the increase of producers were correct, than all well-wishers of the colony would have more cause to rejoice, than if a second Coolgardie had been discovered, and the writer would not consider it necessary to add another word in advocacy of the heading of this letter. But unfortunately the grounds for believing that land settlement will progress quickly enough without more rigorous measures being adopted than have hitherto been tried, are very slight. Let me say that it is highly gratifying to me to know that both Sir John Forrest and Throssell, at the meeting referred to, supported the vieWs you were good enough to allow me to publish from time to time in the columns of the WEST AUSTRALIAN, and that knowledge emboldens me to again address you on the all-important question of land taxation. My last letter chiefly dealt with effectively advertising in England the advantages this colony offers to settlers, and, teaching that subject, a person acquainted with the details of immigration propaganda weald at once be impressed by the admirable material the two chief speeches delivered at the Junnspullen banquet afforded to a person in the United Kingdom who was in a position to use it judiciously in the cause of emigra- tion to Western Australia. Our prosperity and the piping times of big profits with which prosperity has blessed the farmer are established facts. These facts should be published far and wide if they are to have the desired effect. Take, for instance, a talented operatic or dramatic troupe that has been a complete success wherever it entertained the public. The managers of such troupes leave nothing undone to make that success known. Energetic advance agents are employed. Notices not alone appear in the advertisement columns of the newspapers, but among the paragraphs of daily intelligence favorable mention is made of the attractions to be offered to those who can appreciate them. So it should be with our envied prosperity and its bearing on land settlement. "Nothing succeeds like success." But success to succeed must be made known. It must be literally drummed into the ears of those we desire to attract. Our aim now is to make the soil produce sufficient to feed these within our shores. It is not too soon to look forward to the day when we can make the soil supply the wants of these in distant lands. Thoughtful men, who are not visionaries, look to that science which can send a ray of light through a deal board, confidently believing that she will yet find some means of conveying thousands of miles across the sea the most tender fruit of orchard and vineyard, landing them in the market with the bloom of freshness still upon them. The day will come when our vintages, bearing the name some blackfellow has given the ground producing them, will held their own with the wines of France, Germany, Spain and Portugal. And I may ask why should we not yet vie with Victoria is the output from cheese and butter factories. Many among us can remember the time when Cork butter supplied the Melbourne breakfast tables, and the man who then foretold that Victoria would one day send to London butter that could compete successfully with the produce of the famous Danish dairies, would be looked upon as a visionary indeed. Those who consider land settlement, generally confine their thoughts to parts of the colony in which ordinary agriculture, such as most of us are accustomed to, can be followed to advantage, while our far North, away into the tropics, is almost entirely overlooked. We know that pastoral farming to some extent is there carried on, bat planting of any description, on an extensive scale, has not yet been tried. The land is fertile enough to grew many of the valuable trees and herbs produced in India. I speak from what I saw, and the climate, with regard to health, is far superior to that of Hindustan. Money more than men is wanted up that way. Show the poor British capitalists who are new groaning under the weight of uninvested wealth that they can find relief from their loads to their own benefit by establishing plantations in our Northern Territory and they will gladly open the strings of their money-bags. Sugarcane, tea, coffee, cocoa, cinchona, indigo, and probably many other valuable tropical plants, can be grown there without hindrance and there are splendid harbours to shelter vessels that come to bear away the produce of the soil. All this has to be made known to the man with the money-bags, and the sooner it is made known to him the better far Western At»H-a.li& Yours, etc., J. S. TALBOT. Wa garup, South Murray, June 10. 