SNAP SHOTS. From Monday's Daily Telegraph:— "The Rev. E. Tremayne Dunstan last evening commenced a series of lectures on 'Modern Idolatry' in the Pitt-street Congregational Church. 'Ne- hushtan, or Ecclesiastical Idolatry,' was the subject of the first of the series. The preacher said that during the centenary celebration of the London Missionary Society their thoughts had been turned towards the forms of idolatry which prevailed in the heathen world, but idolatry was a much more subtle and ubiquitous thing than some persons imagined; it could be found in Australia, as well as in India, Africa, and China. Literally an idol was an appear- ance, and many who subscribed to foreign missions were worshippers of the seeming, the symbol. Brazen impostures were with them still, and it was the ever-recurring danger of the Christian Church to allow symbols, sacraments, forms, and doctrinal standards to come between the soul and God. The crying need of the age was a great satirist, a sancti- fied Sydney Smith, who would lampoon the mum- mery and man-millinery." So the Rev. Mr. Dunstan wants another Sydney Smith, a "sanctified Sydney Smith," whatever in the name of goodness he means by that. He would, so to speak, resurrect the man described by Macaulay as "universally admitted to .have been a great reasoner, and the greatest master of ridicule that has appeared among us since Swift." Does the Rev. Mr. Dunstan know what he's about? Is stark, staring mad? However, now that "the sacred and silly gentle- man before us"—to borrow one of Sydney Smith's phrases—has resurrected the "great satirist" as a champion of orthodoxy, as it is preached in Pitt- street, let us hear what sort of testimony the Rev. Sydney Smith has to offer. It was in 1809 that Sydney Smith, in the Edin- burgh Review, wrote his famous "Reply to a Methodist's Strictures." The Methodist gentleman under notice was the Rev. Mr. John Styles. Tor "Methodists," will you allow me to substitute Congregationalists, and for John Sykes, the Rev. E. Tremayne Dunstan? Now the spirit summoned from the shades speaks. "In routing out a nest of consecrated cobblers, and in bringing to light such a perilous heap of trash as we were obliged to work through in our articles upon Methodists and Missionaries, we are generally conceived to have rendered a useful service to the cause of rational religion. In spite of all misrepresentation, we have ever been, and ever shall fee, the sincere friends of sober and rational Christi- anity. We are quite ready, if any fair opportunity occur, to defend it, to the best of our ability, from the tiger-spring of infidelity; and we are quite determined, if we can prevent such an evil, that it shall not be eaten up by the nasty and numerous vermin of Methodism. These very impudent people have one ruling canon which pervades everything they say and do. Who- ever is unfriendly to Methodism is an infidel and an atheist. This reasonable and amiable maxim, repeated in every form of dulness, and varied in every attitude of malignity, is the sum and sub- stance of Mr. Styles's pamphlet. Whoever wishes to rescue religion from the hands of didactic artizans —whoever prefers a respectable clergyman for his teacher to a delirious mechanic—whoever wishes to keep the intervals between churches and lunatic asylums as wide as possible—all such men, in the estimation of Mr. Styles, are nothing better than open or concealed enemies of Christianity. His catechism is very simple. In what hoy do you navigate? By what shoemaker or carpenter are you instructed? What miracles have you to relate? Do you think it sinful to reduce Providence to an alternative? &c.;, &c.;, &c.; Now, if we were to con- tent ourselves with using to Mr. Styles, while he is dealing about his imputations of infidelity, the un- courtly language which is sometimes applied to those who are little curious about truth or false- hood, what Methodist would think the worse of him for such an attack? Who is there among them that would not glory to lie for the tabernacle ? who that would not believe he was pleasing his Maker, by sacrificing truth, justice, and common sense to the interests of his own little chapel, and his own deranged instructor? Something more than con- tradiction or confutation, therefore, is necessary to discredit those charitable dogmatists, and to dimi- nish their pernicious influence; and the first accu- sation against us is, that we have endeavoured to add ridicule to reasoning." Again Sydney Smith:— "Nothing can be more disingenuous than the at- tacks Mr. Styles has made upon us for our use of Scripture language. Light and grace are certainly terms of Scripture. It is not to the words them- selves that any ridicule can ever attach. It is from the preposterous application of those words, in the mouths of the most arrogant and ignorant of human beings; it is from their use in the most trivial, low, and familiar scenes of life; it is from the illiterate and ungrammatical prelacy of Mr. John Styles, that any tinge of ridicule ever is, or ever can be, imparted to the sacred language of Scripture. We admit also, with this gentleman, that it would certainly evince the most vulgar and contracted heart to ridicule any religious opinions, methodistical or otherwise, because they were the opinions of the poor, and were conveyed in the language of the poor. But are we to respect the poor, when they wish to step out of their province and become the teachers of the land? When men whose proper 'talk is of bullocks' pretend to have 'wisdom and understanding,' is it not lawful to tell them they have none? An ironmonger is a very respectable man, so long as he is merely an ironmonger—an ad- mirable man, if he is a religious ironmonger; but a great blockhead if he sets up for a bishop or a dean, and lectures upon theology." Once more Sydney Smith:— "Undoubtedly, the distinction of mankind into godly and ungodly—if by godly is really meant those who apply religion to the ex- tinction of bad passions—would be highly de- sirable. But when, by that word, is only intended a sect more desirous of possessing the appellation than of deserving it, when under that term are com- prehended thousands of canting hypocrites and raving enthusiasts—men despicable from their igno- rance, and formidable from their madness—the dis- tinction may hereafter prove to be truly terrific ; and a dynasty of fools may again sweep away both Church and State in one hideous ruin. There may be at present some very respectable men at the head of these maniacs, who would insanify them with some degree of prudence and keep them only half mad if they could. But this won't do; Bed- lam will break loose and overpower its keepers. If the preacher sees visions, and has visitations, the clerk will come next, and then the congregation; every man will be his own prophet, and dream dreams for himself: the competition in extrava- gance will be hot and lively, and the whole island a receptacle for incurables. If the choice rested with us, we should say—Give us back our wolves again —restore our Danish invaders—curse us with any evil but the evil of a canting, deluded, and Metho- distical populace. Wherever Methodism extends its baneful influence the character of the English people is constantly changed by it. Boldness and rough honesty are broken down into meanness, pre- varication, and fraud." The Rev. Mr. Dunstan on Sunday night spoke of India and the Protestant missions. So did Sydney Smith—very prophetically—in 1809, thus:— "We are, as we always have been, sincere friends to the conversion of the Hindoos. We admit the Hindoo religion to be full of follies, and full of enormities—we think conversion a great duty; and should think it, if it could be effected, a blessing; but our opinion of the missionaries and of their employer is such that we most firmly believe, in less than twenty years, for the conversion of a few degraded wretches, who would be neither Metho- dists nor Hindoos, they would infallibly produce the massacre of every European in India; the loss of our settlements; and, consequently, of the chance of that slow, solid, and temperate introduction of Christianity which the superiority of the European character may ultimately effect in the Eastern world If it were possible to invent a method by which a few men sent from a distant country could hold such masses of people as the Hindoos in subjection, that method would be the institution of castes. There is no institution which can so effectually curb the ambition of genius, reconcile the individual more completely to his station, and reduce the varieties of human character to such a state of insipid and monotonous tameness; and yet the religion which destroys castes is said to render our empire in India more certain! It may be our duty to make the Hindoos Christians—that is another argument; but that we shall by so doing strengthen our empire we utterly deny. What signifies identity of religion to a question of this kind? Diversity of bodily colour and of language would soon over- power this consideration. Make the Hindoos enterprising, active, and reasonable as yourselves— destroy the eternal track in which they have moved for ages—and, in a moment, they would sweep you off the face of the earth. Let us ask, too, if the Bible is universally diffused in Hindostan, what must be the astonishment of the natives to find that we are forbidden to rob, murder, and steal; we who, in fifty years, have extended our empire from a few acres about Madras, over the whole peninsula, and sixty millions of people, and exemplified in our public conduct every crime of which human nature is capable. What matchless impudence to follow up such practice with such precepts? If we have common prudence, let us keep the Gospel at home, and tell them that Machiavel is our prophet, and the god of the Manicheans our god." Julian Thomas, best known by his pen-name, "The Vagabond," died in Melbourne last Friday morning. The Age gave the dead journalist half-a- column, and after describing him as having been born in Wales and educated at Shrewsbury, proceeded to praise him for his work, "covering many years" in connection with the Age and the Leader. The Argus, which went only to the length of a quarter- column obituary, stated that the deceased was born in Virginia, in the United States, and all reference to his connection with "our reptile contemporary down the street" was scrupulously avoided. As a matter of fact, it was on the Argus, in 1876, that "The Vag." got his first colonial employment, and made his reputation. He started a new line in Australian journalism—a line in which he was a little later on beaten by Emil Argles, better known as Harold Grey, and still better known as "The Pilgrim." "The Vagabond" and "The Pilgrim," by the way, never managed to agree. Not to put too fine a point upon it, they hated each other cor- dially, and "The Pilgrim" did not hesitate to attack his "rival" bitterly, both in the press and out of it. Harold Grey was in the wrong. Julian Thomas had the field at least a year before him, and he won his way to success fairly and squarely. Talking to Grey one day, I asked him how it was he spoke so spitefully about Thomas. Without the faintest suggestion of a smile, and unconscious of the exquisite humour of the objection, Grey replied, "I'd like him if he wasn't such an awful liar!" Rivalry with a vengeance! Julian Thomas's articles by "A Vagabond" made a great sensation at the time. Now they are but poor reading. I remember the Argus series well. He began by a paper on "The Life of the Yarra Bank," which at once arrested attention. This was followed by "A Night in the Model Lodging House," "A Day in the Immigrants' Home," "A Morning at the Hospital," "Three Days in the Benevolent Asylum," "Our Lunatic Asylums," "Sixpenny Restaurants," and "The Theatre Vestibules." In 1877 he published the first edition of "The Vagabond Papers—sketches of Melbourne Life in Light and Shade." The author's preface was cha- racteristic of the man. Let me copy it:— 'Twelve months back I landed in Melbourne, sick in body and mind, and broken in fortune. After the manner of new chums, my first proceeding was to spend all my store. Then I was reduced to the disagreeable alternative of raising money, or becom- ing, in truth, 'a vagabond.' In other days and climes friends have flattered me with commenda- tions of my capacity for 'slinging ink'; so, not being able to obtain a Government sinecure, I turned my thoughts towards literature. I think that the number of the Australasian in which ray first effusion was inflicted upon the Victorian pub- lic is about the most interesting ever printed. It started a new era in my existence. Since then, with the kind assistance and patronage of the con- ductors of the Argus, I have been striking out a new line in Australian journalism, and have been investigating the social life and public institutions of Melbourne from a point of view unattainable to the majority. I have everywhere been on the 'in- side track,' and write from that eligible vantage point. It will be seen that I have had, much to my disgust, to work in the different characters I have assumed. I only trust my hard labours have been repaid by the amusement I have afforded the public. Some modicum of useful information re- specting our charitable institutions, and particularly the lunatic asylums, may also be gathered from these revised papers. They are issued in compliance with many requests, and with the sanction of the proprietors of the Argus; Mr. George Robertson having boldly expressed his willingness to risk the publication. "The Vagabond. "Melbourne, November, 1876." After severing his connection with the Argus, "The Vag." was for a time employed on the Sydney Morning Herald. One of his first "sketches" here, the very first, if my memory serves me cor- rectly, was "A Visit to St. Joseph's Providence," in which he had nothing but kind and sympathetic things to say of the Sisters of St. Joseph and the little children under their care. He had already written, with no less appreciation, of Catholic Sisters and their work in his "Abbotsford" article for the Argus. These services, in then unfriendly papers, to two excellent Catholic institutions of charity have doubtless passed out of recollection as far as the general public are concerned, but I am sure they are not forgotten by either the nuns of the Good Shepherd or the Sisters of St, Joseph. "The Vag." was not pronounced as a Protestant, but he was what is called "fairly sound" as an all-round unbeliever. This much be it recorded to his credit, that he always wrote respectfully and sympatheti- cally of Sisters and convent-schools. Once he floundered into some blunders about the Marist Fathers and their South Sea missions; but on being brought to task apologized to the extent of saying that he had never met a Catholic missionary that was not a devoted man, whole-hearted in his work, nor a Catholic nun that was not "an angel ministering | some form of goodness." The secret of "The Vagabond's" success was simply that he borrowed the inquisitorial don't- care-a-hang-for-libel style of Yankee journalism, and worked it off as a new thing in Australia. He had little real literary capacity, but he was a ready writer, with a good memory, splendid audacity, and a peculiar sort of moral consciousness which when occasion required rose superior to facts. Much after the fashion of W. T. Stead, he claimed acquaintance with everybody of celebrity in the world, and the celebrities rarely troubled to bowl him out when he told compromising stories about "how we spent the day at——," or "that pleasant chat on the night of ——." Personally, "The Vag." was a genial, good-hearted, and most companionable man, thoroughly Bohemian in his tastes, and not much given to swagger in pri- vate, but a regular Baron Munchausen when he started romancing at three guineas per column. The best description of the Melbourne Cup—or was it our own Derby Day, I forget?—was "The Vag's." in the S.M. Herald. Anyhow, it appeared in the Herald, and was the best race-day sketch printed in any Australian paper. A stony-hearted public which remained un- moved a few months back while the unfortunate undertaker, "formerly an acrobat and theatrical performer," went through the humiliation of the whitewashing process at the top of King-street was not likely to shed many tears over the no less pathetic spectacle of the four brave but broken- hearted brothers, all bookmakers, and two of them "ex- opera singers," who presented themselves before the Bankruptcy Court last Thursday. There was no public grief. Even the evening papers, with base ingratitude for many past favours in the way of "Tote" and "Turf Commission" advertisements, had not a word of sympathy for their friends and patrons. Here is the unsentimental record as it appeared in Friday's Daily Telegraph:— In Bankruptcy—(Before the Registrar, Mr. Arthur Henry.) Re Joseph Benjamin. Bankrupt was examined by the official assignee. He said he had been known for 14 or 15 years as Joseph Barrington. That was his professional name as an opera singer. He left the stage finally eight years ago, and had been in Sydney for the last five years as a turf commission agent and bookmaker. He was a member of the Victorian Club, but not of Sydney Tattersall's. He had kept various shops as turf commission agent. In one partnership concern, with Moses Benjamin and W. Edwards, they made £5000 between them dur- ing the last twelve months of business, He had a shop in the Haymarket for five years, and made about £1000 each year. His bankruptcy was caused through endorsing P. N.'s for his brothers, and los- ing money in "fielding." His brother paid us much as 200 per cent. interest for money borrowed. The examination was declared concluded. Re Moses Benjamin. Bankrupt said he was known on the stage as Harry Benham, and as a bookmaker he went under the name of Morris Bar- rington. For nine years and a-half he was con- nected with Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove. He left the stage eight years ago, and went into busi- ness as a bookmaker on his own account in Mel- bourne. He came over to Sydney, and when his brother Joseph came to this city from Brisbane they went into partnership. He became a member of Tattersall's Club two years ago. He had no assets. The examination was concluded. Re Michael Benjamin. Bankrupt said he had carried on business under the name of Michael Bar- rington. He had never been bankrupt before. His failure was caused through losses on the turf and paying heavy interest. He was managing the Cri- terion Theatre seven years ago for John Solomon. The examination was closed. Re Abraham Benjamin. Bankrupt said that he had been known as Abraham Barrington. He had never been bankrupt before. For nine years he resided in Brisbane, and he had been a bookmaker ever since he had been in Sydney. He was a member of Tattersall's Club and the Victorian Club. Most of his debts were to money-lenders; in fact, all the money was lent for betting and settling. All the moneylenders knew that the brothers wanted the money for betting. He had never had any in- terest in any shop. He rented a house in Cleve- land-street, and there was a bill of sale over his furniture, which was worth £450 or £500. His bankruptcy was caused through losses on the turf, and having to pay high interest. He gave a bill for £85, and he must have paid £100 interest upon it during the last three years. The examina- tion was declared closed. D. B. 