rGeneral NewS. Princess Maud of Wales, was, on Wednesday, married to Prince Charles of Denmark. The ceremony was performed by the Archbishop of Canturbury. The wedding presents at the marriage of Prin cess Maud numbered 600, many being from the Danish, German, and Russian courts. Speaking at the Cordwainersa' banquet. Mr Chamberlain said that no other Parliamceit in the world wasted so much time as the Rouse of Commons, and the French and American Par liaments dispose of their business in one-tenth of the time. The disorder at Kasnes has been renewed, the Turks having recommenced rioting, with a view to stop the meeting of the Cretan Assembly. The Christians at Canes, beco6ing panic stricken, appealed for protection to the foreign men-of-war. Marines were accordingly landed from the British, Austrian, and Italian vessels, and bloodshed was prevented. A rich Barcelona merchant has been arrested for having concealed an anarchist after the out rage in June last. In consequence of landlord opposition, the Irish land Bill has been withdrawn from the business paper of the House of Commons: Owing to the English drought, a water famine exists at Leicester. - In the Mat,,ppo Hills engagementn, the rebels severely pressed 50 British scouts who were com pelled to fight their way homewards through a narrow defile for two hours. Miss Constance Buxton, daughter of the Go vernor of South Australia, was married on Thursday at Adelaide to the Rev. B. Hawker. MrE. HE. Pittman, Government Geologist, re ports that the stones found some time ago at Hanging Rock, near Nundle, are not diamonds, but zircons. On Thursday 23 Chinamen were, at the Redfern. Court, fined various sums for beitg found in a fan tan den.at Alexandria. At the Goulburn. Quatter Sesaions on Thurs day a man wa.s sentenced to six months' gaol for casding a spurious, shilling off on a .blind man. The members of a family, to the number of 11 were poisoned at Melbourne on' Thursday, through eating rabbit pie. Further fighting has occurred with the Mats bale rebels, who attached Laing's laager at /day break, and fought fieicely,, but were eventually repulsed. The Matabelos have attacked the friendly na tives on the Gwai R?ver, killing 20. Buluwayo was unable to assist, as Major-General Carring. ton is employing all the available men in his operations. Scarcity of water is causing much suffering in the East End of London, and the street foun tains in Whitechapel are mobbed by excited crowds. The supply is limited to six hours dAsa consequence ot special inducements by the Railway Department, a large quantity of wool from the Western Murrumbidgee that would otherwise go to Melbourne will this year be sent to Sydney. The residents of Berry-have at a public meet ing protested against the increase of the taxes on cattle and dogs,. and have asked for an extension of the time for payment of taxes. Business at the southern collieries has been slack during the past fortnight. The miners an ticipate receivihg a bonus on all coal sold during the strike time at an advanced rate. The Rev. Bertram.Hawker, of Adelaide, has donated a cheque of £100 to the Bishop's Homne Minaion Society, as a. thatnks offering on the occasion of his marriage. The Government of South Australia dnaline to accept the Bishop of Adelaido's signature ". T. R. Adelaid,," in connection with the registration t of marriages. . The New Z aland- House of Representatives has again passed the second readiing of a bill to further restrict the immigration of Asiatics. A rnan named Charles Fahey was killed at the Cyclrama Building on I'riday. by the ex plosion of some chemicals which he was mixing. t In a Blue Book, issued 'by the Cape Govern- i rent, Mr Shreiner, Q. , a Attorney. General in I he last Rhodes Administration, testifies that Mr ? hodes said in December last, '~ Jameson has ipst smy apple cart ; a 20- years' friend ruins Tlhe hbroks of the British South Africa Cnm, any show that Mr Rhodens met advances made hy Mr Wolff, and Captain White for the purpose f DrJuameson's raid. ' The Silver ConventiQo at St Loui. has accep ed Mr Bryan'snomination for the United States Iresidency, and that of Senator Sewell for the Vice-presidency . Reports as to the harvest in progress in Great ritain are unanimously-fayorable; In France and Russia the yield is not equal to expectations ut otherwise the harvest on the continent is avorable. The entire province of Enyrnra, in Madagascar, in open revolt against French rule. ' The "Pleasant Sunday Afterroon" service at e Ountenary hall on Sunday was conducted by oe Con verted Gamblersend Drunkards Brigadet. The Queenseand foniballers oni Saturday defea d New South Wales at, the Sydney Cricket round by 13 points to 7, . . Mr Johin Donaldson, a member of the Queens nd Assembly, and a prominent colonist, died rly on Saturday morning. 