The Sydney Morning Herald. THURSDAY, JANUARY 2, 1896. It is reported that a syndicate will supply the United States Treasury with between 5,000,000 and 10,000,000 oz. of gold, at the option of the Government, in exchange for 4 per cent. bonds. The Rothschilds have refused to assist the United States Treasury. Several members of the Venezuelan Chamber of Deputies have left Caracas, the capital of the Republic, with the view of arranging a South American alliance against Great Britain. The Venezuelans are fortifying the harbour of Maracaibo, situated at the head of an inlet of the Caribbean Sea. In response to an urgent appeal from the lead- ing residents of Johannesburgh for the protection of the lives and property of thousands of unarmed British men and women, Dr. H. L. Jameson, the administrator in the British South Africa Com- pany's territory, entered the Transvaal on Sunday last at the head of 700 riflemen, with six Maxim and other guns. On the news of this reaching London Mr. Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the Colonies, who was in the provinces, hastened to London, and despatched an urgent cablegram directing Dr. Jameson to return to Mafeking, in Bechuanaland. It is feared that the message will not reach Dr. Jameson before he arrives at Johannesburgh. Mr. Chamberlain has cabled to President Kruger, urging him to prevent a conflict, and offering the co-operation of Great Britain if necessary in main- taining peace. President Kruger is mobilising the Boer forces. He has appealed to the French and German con- suls for support. It is expected that the Uitlanders will consti- tute 25 corps of 200 troops each, armed with rifles and some Maxim guns. It is believed that General Joubert, the Trans- vaal commandant, is advancing upon the dis- turbed districts. Mr. Alfred Austin, poet, critic, and journalist, has been appointed Poet Laureate in succession to the late Lord Tennyson. The new year was auspiciously begun yester- day. The weather was perfect, and all the holi- day fixtures were well patronised. The revenue of Victoria for the last six months amounted to £3,105,493, being £216,329 below the Treasurer's estimate. To counterbalance this, savings to the extent of £100,000 are to be made in the authorised ex- penditure for the financial year. Charles Henry Strange, who murdered his mate at Cunninghame, Victoria, is to be executed on the 13th instant. Owing to quarrels with his officers Major Von Wissman, who was recently appointed Governor of German East Africa, is about to retire. Fifty miners have been either killed or injured by an explosion in a colliery at Urangel, Prussia. The Spanish Minister in the Republic of Colombia, South America, has been expelled by the Government from Bogota, the capital. This action has been taken because the Spanish Minister protested against the treatment of Mr. Jenner, the British Minister and Consul-General, who was accused of having an interest in a claim made by a London firm of contractors against the Colombian authorities. At Beech Forest, Victoria, on Tuesday morning, Mrs. Powney was accidentally shot dead by Mr. Fulton. The Dibbs tariff was wholly superseded yester- day by the Reid tariff. It is expected that for the next week people connected with the bonded ware- houses will be engaged almost day and night in discharging goods. During last year the total value of imports at the port of Sydney was £13,902,568. The value of the exports was £14,306,845. The shipment of butter and eggs by the R.M.S. Rome, from Australia, has reached London in good condition. Elsewhere will be found the results of the recent University examinations for the third year in Arts. The revenue of the United Kingdom for the past quarter amounted to £26,966,166. Two princes, nearly related to King Menelek, ruler of Abysinia, who were travelling to Italy for their education, have mysteriously disap- peared. It is reported that they have been kidnapped by agents of the Italian Government. Mr. Henry Hucks Gibbs, senior partner of the firm of Antony Gibbs and Sons, merchants, of London, and formerly M.P. for the City of London, has been created a peer. Since September the officers of the Board of Agriculture have analysed 291 samples of butter imported into England. All the colonial butter sampled was found to be pure, but 79 samples of Dutch, German, and Danish butter were found to be adulterated. At the intercolonial sailing races at Sandgate, Queensland, yesterday, the Brisbane boats gained further successes. The Bulletin won the 22 footers' race, and the Britannia the 18-footers' race. Upwards of 15,000 persons attended the annual reunion of Tattersall's Club, at Randwick, yester- day. Llena won the Hurdle Race, The Hermit the Lady Hampden Stakes, True Blue the Car- rington Stakes, Adoration the Juvenile Stakes, San Marco the Pace Welter, and The Meddler the Club Handicap. There was a large attendance at the Highland Society's gathering held on the Sydney Cricket Ground yesterday. The Governor was present, and delivered a speech at the luncheon. Alderman Ives made his first public appearance, as Mayor of Sydney, at the Highland Society's gathering yesterday. The cricket match between New South Wales and New Zealand was ended at Christchurch yes- terday, and was won by New Zealand by 142 runs. The list of New Year honours was issued yes- terday. It includes the elevation of Sir Frederick Leighton, late president of the Royal Academy, to the peerege. The following team has been chosen to repre- sent South Australia in the cricket match against New South Wales to be started on Friday :— Giffen, Darling, Lyons, A. J. Jarvis, F. Jarvis, Hill, Martin, Reedman, Jones, Evans, and Scrym- gour. It is curious to mark the contrast in popular feeling shown at the period when the victim of a capital offence is slain, and when the criminal is brought to punishment. The decision of the Execu- tive in the Sheridan case suggests an in- stance. It is not perhaps that the change arises from any disregard for law ; it is rather that people in a general way soon forget not only the crime but the danger to the community which the crime involves. It is a good sign rather than otherwise that in every normal community the feeling of mercy is so often regnant, but there are always two or three classes that divide public feeling with a more or less intentional leaning to the side of the offender about to suffer the penalty of his crime. Some of course side with the lawbreaker by instinct. Their criminal sympathies are part of their composition, and they are lawless in senti- ment if not actually in their lives. Then there is another section, holding crime it- self in hearty detestation, and yet pos- sessed of a certain compassionate feeling for the criminal about to pay the penalty of his offence against the law. Of course the law itself in its mechanical and just operation cannot be expected to recognise either influ- ence, and the Executive is in precisely the same position. An enactment is passed by the Legislature in a purely impersonal and abstract frame of mind, and the individual who renders himself liable to its provisions has to take the consequences in the same way as though he allowed himself to come into contact with a piece of ma- chinery in active oporation. This is the view taken by a third class, represented for the purposes of legal procedure by the jury empanelled to try an accused person. These twelve men have but to decide on facts according to evidence and in agree- ment with the law, and that section of the community they represent only regards the criminal in relation to the character of his offence. It is for the Executive, representing the sane mind of the people, to go over the facts again, con- sider any new material that may be forth- coming, and make a recommendation accordingly. But it is no part of the duty of the Executive to interfere with the mechanical operation of the law on grounds of mere sentiment or without valid reason being shown. Probably the public would have re- garded the ends of justice in the Sheridan case as having been met had the Executive seen some ground for stopping short of the extreme penalty. But the authorities have, or should have, the confidence of the community. The reasonable section of the public rests satisfied in the assurance that the Judge who tried the case, the law officers of the Crown, and the Executive that considered the petition presented in the condemned man's favour have acted with a deep sense of responsibility in the matter ; and, as far as the last is con- cerned, in the light of such a knowledge of all the facts of the case as the general public cannot be supposed to possess. Whatever could have told in favour of the unhappy man who is to forfeit his life on Tuesday next has doubtless been brought forward and considered. The points suggested in letters we publish from correspondents have, no doubt, received attention, and we are left to infer that nothing has been found to weigh against the gravity of the crime of which SHERIDAN has been convicted. The act for which he was sentenced to death is fresh in the memory of the community, with all its accidental con- comitants of tragedy and misfortune. The victim lost her life under peculiarly dis- tressing circumstances, and the attempts made to conceal the fact as well as the manner of discovery added to the grue- someness of the crime. SHERIDAN was not tried or condemned for any of these things, however, but for the one fact that, a woman having come to him under certain circumstances, he treated her in a manner, to quote the words of the Judge in directing the jury, either obviously dangerous to human life or recklessly and wantonly and with indifference to human life or suffering. The medical evidence showed that a duly-qualified medical man would not be likely to cause the injuries revealed by the post-mortem examination in this case, though it was admitted that some medical men made grave mistakes. The accused set up the defence that these injuries were caused for purposes of ex- amination about six hours after death, on which point the evidence of the Govern- ment Pathologist who made the post- mortem confidently contradicted him. The jury had before them all the details available respecting the way in which the deceased met her death, with the prisoner's defence that he treated her at her own request, and their verdict shows that they were satisfied that the evidence pointed to murder. It is as well to know what con- stitutes murder in a case of this kind. It would imply a remarkable ignorance of the ways of the world to pretend that operations in such circum- stances as those in which the deceased girl NICHOLLS found herself are uncommon. The unlawful use of instruments or other means for purposes referred to is punishable with penal servi- tude for ten years under the 55th section of the Criminal Law Amendment Act. If it had been proved that SHERIDAN had caused the death of a person while attempting or com- mitting, or immediately after committing, an act punishable by death or penal servitude for life, the ninth section of that Act would have classified his offence as a capital crime. The same section specifi- cally and pointedly defines the further dis- tinction between murder and manslaughter. " Murder shall be taken to be," it reads, " where the act of the accused or thing by him omitted to be done causing the death charged was done or omitted with reckless indifference to human life—or with intent to kill or inflict grievous bodily harm upon some person." This is also the form in which the Judge put the case to the jury, while directing them to give the accused the " fullest benefit of any doubt." Among the general clauses of the Act, section 7 reads to the effect that an act " done without malice, but with indifference to human life or suffering," shall be taken to be done maliciously within the meaning of the Criminal Law Amendment Act. SHERIDAN after conviction pleaded that the Judge's interpretation of the law was new to him, but that fact would be no protection to the community where the crime for which he has been capitally sentenced is concerned. The law and the Executive in such a case as this have to hold the scales evenly between the accused and the interests of the public. We are at liberty to suppose that the offence SHERIDAN may have tried to commit goes on secretly in this as in every other large city in the world, and that so long as women are frail the services of the irregular practitioner will be in de- mand. But when a flagrant case resulting in death comes under the notice of the law, authority would be lacking in its duty to the community if it failed to put forth its power to grasp and punish the offender. Women must be protected against the conse- quences of their own weakness ; but in the light of all the circumstances, the reflection is not uncalled for that it is humiliating to think that a regular business of this kind can be, in a sense, openly carried on in a public place in the city, until the death of a victim leads to the arrest of the principal agent. The rumoured approaching retirement of Sir WILLIAM WINDEYER from the Supreme Court Bench implies the partial withdrawal, at least, of one who has been for many years a prominent figure in the public life of the country. It is forty years since Sir WILLIAM left the Sydney University as its first graduate, and during that time he has occupied many distinguished and honourable positions. His connec- tion with political life was almost continuous for twenty years up to his appointment as Judge of the Supreme Court in 1879, and his career in that office since has been so noteworthy as to eclipse his previous record. His action has sometimes been called in question and his methods criticised, as might be expected in a community like this, where com- ment on the discharge even of the highest duties is entirely free and unre- stricted. But whatever his critics may say, it is impossible to deny that Sir WILLIAM WINDEYER has shown himself a strong Judge. Taken altogether, he has filled his place on the Bench so ably that his absence will be distinctly felt. He has at all times shown a thorough command of his Court and maintained the authority of his position. His vigorous practical sense has kept him well above the profession, while his experience at the Bar has often been of service in dealing with the conduct of cases before him and assisting him to arrive at a decision. He has delivered some great judgments in civil causes, especially in cases involving the intricacies of the land laws. With regard to some of them, it may be said that few abler judgments have been delivered from our own or any other Bench. The great burden of the work of the Divorce Court has been thrown upon his shoulders, and the manner in which he has discharged it is matter of public knowledge. His retirement will be a loss to the Bench, which will be the weaker for Sir WILLIAM WINDEYER'S withdrawal. It will be specially felt just now by reason of the illness of other occupants of the judicial Bench, and by the difficulty that will present itself in making choice of someone to act as his successor. It is in some sense a testimonial to the space Sir WILLIAM has occupied on the public stage that no man in the colony, perhaps, has been so roundly abused, especially within the past twelve months. We have no intention of entering upon the Dean case again, and the details of that wretched business from first to last are sufficiently fresh in the public mind to make further reference unneces- sary. One may fairly hesitate to say that Sir WILLIAM WINDEYER, unlike everybody else, has made no mistakes ; but a just survey of his career will satisfy the critic that if he has erred his errors have been but those of judgment, and to these the best of Judges, like the best of men, are liable. We were at no time in sympathy with the cry raised against him, not only by unthinking members of the public, but by responsible organs of opinion. The personal cha- racter of the man and his legal standing have been known to all, and these have always been a sufficient vindication against the charges of those who were sometimes but imperfectly acquainted with the facts they were discussing. Any error Sir WILLIAM may have been chargeable with in no way sullies his character as a man, or his honour as a member of the Bench. It has been his good or evil fortune to have become judicially con- nected at different times with two or three conspicuous cases. Whatever differences of opinion his action may have given rise to at the time or since, there is but one opinion in the community as to the attitude of the Judge in these and at all other contingencies. That attitude has been ono of unshrinking firmness and decision. It has been consistent in the face it presented to all criticism, and the Judge's action has in no way swerved from the straight line of conduct he had apparently laid down for his guidance. As a criminal Judge he has rightly or wrongly acquired a reputation for being severe to rigidity, and the evildoer found no sign of relenting in him. It may be that, as time goes on, we shall fall into gentler methods of dealing with criminals, and that the charactor-notes of occupants of the judicial Bench will be softened to harmonise with them. Sir WILLIAM WINDEYER is not one of that school, yet five years before his elevation to the Bench he originated the Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society. The importance of having able Judges on the Supreme Court Bench is self- evident. The most serious questions, in- volving the property or the safety of the community, are in their hands. On their discharge of the high and responsible duties confided to them depend not only the interests of justice but the healthy tone of public spirit in the community as well. The people must have confidence in its Judges,—not only in their probity and capacity, but in their absence of weakness as well. A weak Judge may possibly do more harm than a corrupt one. It is a great piece of good fortune to any com- munity to possess public servants exer- cising the high judicial function with firmness and decision, and in such a way as to give confidence and a sense of security to those who practise and appear before them. We have had some strong men on the Bench in the Australian colonies, men like STEPHEN, MARTIN, HIGINBOTHAM, and BARRY, and it is impossible for a man to fill the office for any length of time as they did without leaving the impression of a good influence on the public life of the country. To this class Sir WILLIAM WINDEYER belongs, by reason of his firmness of character and the decision which has always marked his official conduct. Qualities like these may be carried to excess, but it is difficult to attach too much importance to their adaptableness for useful service. Nor can we forget Sir WILLIAM WINDEYER'S connection with the Univer- sity, and the assistance he has lent in the past to the cause of public education. His labours on the University Senate are well known, and his acceptance of the office of Chancellor was a fitting finishing-touch to a connection which began soon after the University was incorporated. He estab- lished the senior and junior examinations, which have assisted primary education so materially, and his action in Parliament antedated the High Schools of Bath- urst, Maitland, and Goulburn, as well as the Grammar School bursaries for successful students. As Solicitor-General and Attorney-General he also served the colony in the past, and Sir WILLIAM'S retirement may now be taken with the assurance that he has devoted a full life to the public service. The appointment of Mr. ALFRED AUSTIN as Poet Laureate will put a stop to the speculation as to Lord TENNYSON'S succes- sor which has been going on since the late Laureate's decease. Mr. AUSTIN is known as a graceful and polished writer, whose style has a certain distinction if not always elevation of thought, and whose immediate success is probably due not so much to the quality of his work as to the circumstance that most of his probable competitors for the laureateship have carefully disqualified themselves by the intemperate tone of their language where royalty, the conventions of modern society, or accepted morality are concerned. SWINBURNE was startlingly erotic in his poetic salad-days, and since then he has said some exceedingly severe things about the late CZAR, and about the " Lords and lackeys " of the House of Peers. WILLIAM MORRIS, of the " Earthly Paradise," is a frank socialist and the author of " News from Nowhere." Mr. LEWIS MORRIS, of " The Epic of Hades," seemed to fall out of the predictions at an early stage ; and Mr. WILLIAM WATSON, though he has put in a doughty claim, has been adjudged by the critics too young as a writer to compete with others in the first flight. AUSTIN DOBSON lives in the last century, and is hardly eclectic enough in his tastes for a laureate ; while Sir EDWIN ARNOLD has been gossiped about as not being persona grata with those about the QUEEN. Mr. AUSTIN has been writing for the past forty years. He is a leader writer for the London Standard, and last year he wrote some charming descriptions of Killarney as a summer re- sort, which led some of his critics to twit him with the discovery of the sister island. This, however, did not prevent him from returning to the subject last season. His best efforts are " The Season," " The Human Tragedy," " Interludes," and " At the Gate of the Convent," with a tragedy called " Savonarola." He is a barrister by profession, but the attractions of literature evidently proved too much for his tastes from the first. As the Standard is the Conservative organ, Mr. AUSTIN may be accepted as a Conservative in politics, which may, perhaps, account for the fact that Lord SALISBURY found it less difficult to pick on a laureate than Lord ROSEBERY did. Mr. AUSTIN'S political leanings were also attested by a forgotten pamphlet in reply to Mr. GLADSTONE'S " Bulgarian Horrors." Some misunderstanding appears to exist about the remuneration now attached to the laureateship. Perhaps the most tangi- ble return is that coming from the increased sale of a laureate's book. This is not much in England, but in America it is said to amount to some- thing considerable. SPENSER received £50 from the Crown, and " rare BEN JONSON " got £100 and a tierce of canary. JAMES II. discontinued the wine before he fled to St. Germains, and the reduced pension of £27 had to be augmented in TENNYSON'S case. Mr. AUSTIN'S standing as a journalist and his contributions to the Quarterly will probably make him content with the increased income from the publishers of his verses. PRODUCE NOTES.—Our London correspondent in his letter in this issue gives a comprehensive account of the state of the various London markets at the date of writing, and adds some words of advice to colonial importers. He quotes with approval a writer in the Times to the effect that though England is the biggest market in the world it is the most sensitive. We are reminded that " those who wish to secure for themselves a permanent position on the English markets must send us of their best, and not of their worst." It is satisfac- tory to know on the authority of another expert that " the quality of some of the Australian mutton now on the market from Riverina is better than anything that has been marketed from Aus- tralia for some time past." THE WEATHER.—Not a drop of rain was falling in any portion of this colony at 9 o'clock yester- day morning, the hour the reports are received at the Observatory. Still it was dull enough here and generally along the seaboard for rain to fall at any moment, and being a holiday people naturally felt that it was wavering between rain and sunshine. The sun conquered, and a day of modest temperature and fresh sea breeze became assured. By noon the wind was blowing at 25 miles per hour from the north-east. It then fell to 20 miles's velocity, and maintained that rate very steadily for several hours. The highest shade temperature at the Observatory was 75°, and at 11 p.m. it was 70. In connection with the shade temperatures taken at the Observa- tory it may be said, from a city man's point of view, there are temperatures and tempera- tures. If anyone supposes that the tempera- ture of 75° in the true shade taken in the Observatory grounds is the causo of all the dis- comfort he is experiencing in the streets of the city, such is a mistake. The heat on the shady side of George, Pitt, Clarence, York, Sussex, Castle- reagh, Elizabeth streets, or indeed along almost all the shady sides of all the streets, is some degrees higher than the temperature taken at the Obser- vatory, though the latter is recognised as the " true shade." The heat which the buildings in the thoroughfares absorb during the period of high temperatures is more or less retained. There is not time enough between sunset and sunrise for them to cool, and, like the bricks of a baker's oven the fires of which are out or banked, the buildings in sum- mer are never really cold, and anyone who has sat in the shade of the trees on Observatory Hill will have noticed the difference. Take the comparison between that elevated, airy spot with the shade which the General Post Office affords, or the buildings between George and Pitt streets, and a shade temperature of 75° at the Observatory would probable be 85° down town. THE SAILING OF THE SQUADRON.—At 7 o'clock this morning one of the most interesting sights in the naval affairs of the port will be witnessed. It is the sailing of the ships of the Aus- tralian squadron in double division as though going out for action. In reality the Com- mander-in-Chief has determined to exer- cise the ships at sea as in actual warfare, and three weeks will be spent in carrying out this idea. The ships on unshackling from their present moorings will form into two lines or divisions. One (the senior) will be led by the Orlando and the other by the Ringarooma, and the ships composing the divisions will be the Wallaroo, Rapid, Royalist, Pylades, Lizard, and Ringdove. List night all was astir aboard these ships. They had completed coaling, boats were in ports secured, and everything completed for an early departure. No leave was given, every man being wanted at his post. Never before has it happened that an Admiral has set out with his men and ships for three weeks' continuous training, and the sea tactics are to be thorough. The squadron will rendezvous at Norfolk Bay, Tasmania, where the Dart and Karrakatta will join the squadron. Last night the Royal Naval House, in anticipation of the clearance, presented an unusual sight. Every tar and marine was on the move, " squaring yards " and saying good-bye. Mr. and Mrs. Shearston were having an exceptionally busy time of it. The night before the place was packed at a concert given by the Ringarooma men, and many hearty cheers were raised for the Royal Naval Home last night when the blue- jackets took their departure. MAIL STEAMERS.—The German mail steamer Prinz Regent Luitpold, which cleared Sydney Heads on Monday at 5.5 p.m. and passed Gabo at 11.10 a.m., entered Port Phillip at 9.20 a.m. yesterday. The speed was thus a fraction over 13 knots per hour for the 40 hours. The Oroya did not do quite so well ; no raco was, howover, in the case. She cleared the Heads at 5.14 p.m., or nine minutes after the Ger- man steamer, was 50 minutes astern at Gabo, and between Gabo and Queenscliff the Prinz Regent increased the distance between herself and the Oroya. The P. and O. Company's Australia passed Green Cape yesterday at noon, and will enter early this morning. Passengers are to land by tender. SHIPPING CASUALTIES.—A P. AND O. STEAMER IN COLLISION.—The attempt to raise the sunken steamer Leveret, near South Reef, Sydney Heads, was yesterday frustrated by the rough sea, but with calmer weather to-day a good lift will pro- bably be made, everything being in readiness. News from China states that the P. and O. Com- pany's Rohilla has been in collision with the Hector, the lastnamed steamer having run into the Rohilla while she was at anchor at Woosung. The Hector was entering Woosung from Japan, and struck the Rohilla amidships. The effect on the Hector was to twist her stem to starboard about 2ft. above the water line, extending a similar distance up, while the rivets were knocked out of the plates on the port side for several feet, and a hole made in one of the upper plates. The damage to the Rohilla was more serious, several plates were broken and others cracked. She was leaking, and three tugs took hold of her and towed her up to dock. ATTEMPT TO SCUTTLE A STEAMER.—Two Chinese belonging to the crew of the China Navigation Company's steamer Whampoa, on the last voyage to China from Sydney attempted to scuttle the vessel. An account of the trial, held at Shanghai, is to hand by the Guthrie. From it it appears that the carpenter and boatswain cut a water pipe leading from the ballast tank to the hold, and 3ft. of water had accumulated in the hold before the discovery of the crime was made. Captain Goodall, of the Whampoa, supposed the deed to be possibly connected with a charge of suspected robbery made the previous voyage, wherein sus- picion had rested upon one or both of the present accused men. The robbery was of £500 in gold during a voyage from Australia to China. The two men were found guilty of attempting to sink the steamer by scuttling, and were each sentenced to receive 200 blows with the bamboo, a year's imprisonment, and deportation. FIJI NEWS.—A GHASTLY DISCOVERY.—The steamer Elamang, from Fiji last night, has news of the death of an Indian immigrant by burning. On the 7th ultimo Messrs. Ferguson and Wilson, while going through their mill at Nausori, saw a hole in the roof of the distillery. Further investi- gation led to the discovery of the remains of a coolie labourer, and that he had been burnt to death by the firing of a vat of the spirits. This fatality subsequently proved the clue to the un- ravelling of a mystery. Spirits had been missed, but the coolies were not suspected. Now it appears that more than the poor fellow who lost his life was implicated, and some arrests have been made. One account is, that a sort of high carnival had been held on the Sunday evening in the dis- tillery-room, and that a carelessly thrown match fell in one of the vats and set the whole place on fire. The Italian warship Christoforo left Suva (Fiji) for Samoa on the 11th ultimo, and the French cruiser Scorff left next day for Noumea. At Labasa, while one of the largest of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company's lighters was being towed down the river by the Marama, with 1300 sacks of sugar on board, for transhipment to the steamer Poherus, she struck a rock in the river and sank. TRADE BETWEEN AUSTRALIA AND JAPAN.—It is not well to be too sanguine, it seems, that any great development will suddenly take place in trade from this country with Japan, whatever may happen from Japan to Australia commer- cially. A report from Yokohama says that nothing will be done in frozen beef, for instance, as the Japs don't care a straw for beef, and don't know how to cook it. As for mutton, they wouldn't have it if they could get it for nothing. They won't look at it, and if they would China could supply them easier, it seems, than Australia. By and bye the Japanese will manu- facture their own woollen and woollen-and- cotton fabrics, just as they now manufacture their cotton. But when that will be there is no means of judging. A trade in leather may be developed. What may be done, it is thought, by Australian producers is to establish stores for the sale of Aus- tralian wines, bacon, hams, tinned meats, fruits, and so on, for the use of the foreign residents in both Japan and China. TRIBAL FIGHTS AT THE SOLOMONS.—Captain Joseph Vos, of the Sydney schooner Oscar Robin- son, yesterday afternoon arrived from the island of Malayta in the Solomon group, where he has been cruising for the past few months. Malayta is noted as containing the most savage tribes amongst the Polynesians, and the cannibal pro- pensities of the natives are much stronger there than in any other of the Solomon islands. During the trading trip of the Oscar Robinson business was negotiated upon very careful, not to say stringent, lines. It is unsafe to turn round when ashore, and to permit a native to get behind one shows a want of discretion. All finding is done face to face, so much merchandise for so much copra, shell, or ivory nut ; but the deal is made pleasantly enough, though not with the cordiality present at some other islands. Cap- tain Vos, who introduced the phonograph to the Solomons a few years ago, knows the peculiarities of his friends so well that he would as soon do business on the Malayta coast as anywhere else in the group. There are no missionaries on Malayta. The master of the Oscar Robinson states that he found a wholesale slaughter going on between the coastal and the bush villages. Two or three raids had been made on the coast men from the hills, and in one instance a village of 200 natives was cleared out. The natives of Wairokai, Waississi, who have been apprised of the removal of some of their countrymen to Fiji by H.M.S. Ringdove in con- nection with the murders of the captain and mate of the schooner Narovo, have decided to effect reprisals on any white men who may visit their locality. TENDERS ACCEPTED.—Tenders have been ac- cepted for the following public works :—Contract No. 13, 95-6, road Wellington to Ponto, G. Poole, Wellington, £272 11s 11d ; contract No. 18, 95-6, road Gerogery station to Walla Walla, J. Moffat, Black Range, £171 13s 6d ; contract No. 34, 95-6, road Robertson to Macquarie Pass, T. Maguire, Mittagong, £239 10s ; contract No. 47, 95-6, road Wagga Wagga to Gregadoo, T. Morriss, Gumbley, £188 15s 6d ; contract No. 5, 95-6, road Cobar to Bourke, W. Quinlan, Drys- dale, £176 10s ; contract No. 42, 95-6, main South Coast-road, V. McHugh, Eurobodalla, £181 3s ; contract No. 20, 95-6, road Moss Vale, via Ber- rima, to Mandemar, C. Todkill, Longreach, £223 16s 8d ; contract No. 18, 95, road Bingara to Barraba, C. Bartier, Warialda, £264 ; contract No. 6, 95-6, road Cobar towards Hillston, F. Brown, Nymagee, £295 ; contract No. 17, 95-6, road Culcairn to Germanton, S. Butt, Thurgooma, £190 14s 8d ; contract No. 82, 95-6, road Coff's Harbour to Sharpe's, J. O'Neill, Keragi, £260 10s 2d ; contract No. 8, 95-6, road Nymagee to Hermidale, F. Brown, Nymagee, £198 ; contract No. 39, 95-6, road Bermagui to Tilba Tilba, P. McHugh, Eurobodalla, £167 ; contract No. 33, 95-6, road Little Plain to Bingara, H. Tomlinson, Inverell, £172 ; contract No. 34, 95-6, road Ballina to Tenterfield, D. Kissane, Casino, £162 12s 9d ; contract No. 36, 95-6, road Casino to Myall Creek, M. Mulherin, Casino, £169 18s 1½d ; contract No. 22, 95-6, road Little Forest to Arthursleigh, E. C. Cupitt, Mittagong, £318 4s ; contract No. 23, 95-6, road Dural to Galston, C. H. Lenthall, Willoughby, £190 ; contract No. 10, 95-6, road Walgett, via Goodooga, to Brenda, F. Barker, Walgett, £280 ; bridge over Stormwater Channel, Chatham-street, Newcastle, J. Irwin, West Maitland, £374 ; painting, Mines Museum, Sydney, J. A. Kean, Sydney, £43 ; fittings, &c.;, new Supreme Court, E. Gould, Parramatta, £395 ; additions, &c.;, Courthouse, Mudgee, J. Dunkley, Bathurst, £117 ; repairs, Post Office, West Maitland, J. W. Harradine, West Maitland, £137 10s ; baths, Kenmore Asylum, J. Taylor and Sons, Limited, Sydney, £13 5s ; plate, bar iron, steel and iron castings, &c.;, Sydney and the Hunter Districts, Briscoe, Drysdale, and Co., Sydney, 3¾ per cent. under and at schedule ; anchors, chains, &c.;, Sydney and the Hunter Districts, Potts and Paul, Sydney, 18¾ per cent. and 16 per cent. under schedule ; window blinds, Milroy and Simmons, Sydney, 14½ per cent. under schedule ; engineers' stores, Sydney and the Hunter Districts, Briscoe, Drysdale, and Co., 16¼ per cent. and 11¼ per cent. under schedule ; stone, Parramatta Gaol, W. D. Moxham, Parramatta, 15 per cent. under schedule ; stone, Maitland Gaol, T. Browne, West Maitland, 6 per cent. under schedule ; timber, W. S. Priddey, Sydney, 7⅝ per cent. under schedule ; indiarubber goods, hose, &c.;, Sydney and the Hunter Districts, W. Adams and Co., Sydney, and Perdrian and Co., Sydney, 33⅓ per cent. and 30 per cent. under schedule. WATER POLICE COURT RECORD.—The total number of cases disposed of at the Water Police Court for the year 1895 was 13,265. Compared with the year 1894 the number showed an increase of 585 criminal cases, and a decrease of 26 civil cases. SUICIDE OF A LUNATIC.—The City Coroner (Mr. J. C. Woore, J.P.) held an inquest at the South Sydney Morgue yesterday into the circum- stances attending the death of William Thomas Jeffreys, whose body was found in Cook's River on Tuesday morning. Dr. Rennie stated that in his opinion death was due to asphyxia from drown- ing. John E. Jeffreys, upholsterer, of Eurallah- street, stated deceased was his brother, and was 33 years old, a native of Victoria, and had left a widow and two children. He was part-owner of a house and also two cottages. Deceased displayed symptoms of insanity five months ago, when he attempted to drown himself in the University Park, and witness consequently obtained his admission into the Bay View Asylum. On one occasion deceased had tried to strangle himself by tying a bootlace round his neck. Dr. Vause, superintendent of the Bay View Asylum, St. Peters, stated that deceased escaped from the institution on Sunday last. A search was immediately instituted for him. Deceased had also escaped from the asylum on the 2nd Novem- ber, and when found a few hours afterwards he was in a boat on the river. James O'Brien, an attendant at the asylum, stated that deceased dis- appeared from the institution on Sunday during a few minutes that his attention had been directed from him by a quarrel between two other inmates. Witness always watched him particularly on account of his having escaped on a previous occasion. The jury returned a verdict of found drowned. THE ABERCROMBIE-STREET SHOOTING AFFRAY.— The condition of the woman Lilly Turner, who is at present in the Sydney Hospital, suffering from the effects of having been shot by n man in Aber- crombie-street last Friday night, is unaltered. A WOMAN INJURED THROUGH FALLING DOWN STAIRS.—Mrs. Margaret Slattery, who resides in Lambert-street, Erskineville, was severely injured about the head yesterday, through falling down stairs at her residence. She was treated at Prince Alfred Hospital by Dr. Jackson. ACCIDENT WITH A VEHICLE ON A BRIDGE.— Robert Neal, aged 13, who resides with his parents in Gordon-terrace, Campbell-street, Alexandria, received severe internal injuries yesterday through being crushed between the side of Ricketty Bridge, St. Peters, over which he was passing, and a cart travelling along the bridge in the direction of Botany. FATAL RESULT OF AN ACCIDENT TO A BOY.— Arthur Jefferis, aged 10, who was run over by a cart in Newtown-road on Tuesday, died in Prince Alfred Hospital yesterday morning. The lad, it is stated, attempted to descend from the back step of a 'bus, when he fell down, and a cart belong- ing to the firm of Hume and Pegrum passed over his body. He received internal injuries. SUDDEN DEATH.—Thomas M. Smith, 72 years of age, a law clerk, and an old resident in Pyr- mont, died suddenly yesterday afternoon at his residence, 40 Point-street. He had one of his legs fractured about 18 months ago, and has since been in failing health. ASSAULTED WITH A PALING.—Michael McDonald Porter, residing in Crown-street, was assaulted late last night by a man with whom he states he had been drinking, in Palmer-street, near Burton- street. His assailant, Porter added, struck him with a pailing. When admitted to the Sydney Hospital the left side of his face was found to be very much swollen and bruised. THE REMARKABLE CASE OF PSEUDO-PAUPERISM. —The man who was admitted to the Sydney Hospital, and stated that he was a pauper, but on whom a bank deposit-book, showing a credit of £600, was found, is in a critical condition. His constitution has been greatly enfeebled by exposure and wet, and it is feared that he may not be able to survive an operation which it is imperative should be performed upon him. The man was yesterday acquainted with his condition and made his will. DEATH OF A YOUTH.—Robert Neale, a youth, who was run over by a trolly near Rickety-street, Alexandria, on Monday, died yesterday afternoon at Prince Alfred Hospital from the injuries he received. A SERIOUS ASSAULT IN HYDE PARK.—Denis Hallane while going through Hyde Park late at night a couple of weeks ago was asked by a man for a match, which he said he did not possess. Hallane was then struck in the face with a broken bottle. He is now an inmate of the Sydney Hos- pital, and it has been found necessary to remove one of his eyes. INJURED BY AN UMBRELLA.—Percy Rogers, 8 years of age, residing at 30 Ada- street, Ultimo, was yesterday playing with an umbrella when his brother, a little fellow, poked him in the eye with it. The injured boy was admitted to the Sydney Hospital. TRADE BETWEEN MANCHESTER AND AUSTRALASIA. —The trade between Manchester and the Aus- tralasian colonies direct has now been inaugurated in earnest (says the Home News), and as, at the same time, London is extending its cold-storage accommodation, the immediate future ought to witness important developments. The River Plate will clearly have to look to its laurels so far as Manchester is concerned. Whether it succeeds in holding its own now that Australia and New Zealand are invading a field which has hitherto been very largely its own, remains to be seen. On 26th November the safe arrival of the Timaru in the Mersey was celebrated by a dinnet in Manchester given by Messrs. Weddel and Co. The event is fraught with im- mense significance to the future trade relations of Australasia and the mother country. As Mr. William Weddel said, the Australians are alive to the importance of developing their produce export trade, and for both the old country and the colonies such development means mutual advantage and the strengthening of the bonds which hold them together. The day before the Manchester dinner, we note that the Gulf of Siam left Melbourne for Manchester with the good wishes of Lord Brassey. It was under the presidency of Lord Brassey that Mr. Hotson, at the Royal Colonial Institute, intro- duced the question of the direct Manchester- Melbourne trade to an audience larger than of members of the trade, and it is to be hoped that the enterprise which has now been definitely begun will enjoy the same rapid success as did the negotiations, which were in a very embryonic stage when Lord Brassey wished them well in May last. ARRANGEMENTS have been made by the Railway Commissioners for cheap excursion trips to the Hawkesbury River in connection with the steamer General Gordon. On Saturday trains will leave Sydney at 9 a.m., and Milson's Point at 8.45 a.m. ATTENTION is again called to the alteration in the tramwav time-table which came into operation to- day. The lines affected are as follow :—Paddington, Bondi, Waverley, Randwick and Coogee, Randwick- Waverley extension, Balmain, North Shore electric (morning trams). THE following is the report of the Thomas Walker Convalescent Hospital :—Patients in hospital on 30th November last, 71 ; since received from hospitals, 37 ; and from general public, 18 ; discharged, 67 ; 59 remaining in the hospital on 31st December, 1895 THE Sydney Hospital report for the week ended 28th December, 1895), is as follows :—Admitted, 48 ; discharged, 55 ; died, 4 ; remaining, 253, casualties treated but not admitted, 555 ; outdoor patients treated, 827. 