Points and Pars. At the; Gty;Police Court the other'daya mild looting Hibernian was aocnsed of being over-intozicated.'■•" "V . . .Asxzb .how' ho pleaded he replied as fol lows : Shore, yer, honour, I-wasn't dhrunk. Oi wnz dazed loike." Somebody shtruck.me on the- head, . yer honour, wid a bottle' or something I'1 . The P.M.: Do you know who that some body'was'? Dbtox s Fo not qrioite shore, yer honour, whether it wnz me woife or me mother. The P.M. fined him da. or six hours, on account of the uncertainty of his knowledge of the proceedings which caused-him to be ^ dazed-hake;" ^ '• ' The " -Victorian Government';analyst,' oh examining a'sample of tomato sauce,' found in it vegetable marrow,'orange-red dye, arid soon, but no love- apple to Sp^k of. \- Lobd Iuxxxotoh has had a 'splendid re ception at Bockh&mpton.; \- . v' A CiifDLs factory recently established at Hartley Vale, in New South Wales, is . now workingnight and day to meet-the demands of the trade. . '• \- At Gyinpie, during Hay, 7,245 tons of stone were crushed for.a yield of 6,046 ozs. of gold. ' ' That a Princo of Wales con win a Derby only once in a hundred years shows that English homeowners do-not carry loyalty to ahexcess'. «" ; In the Sydney.Contral Police Court: •ILL CazoE (to a witness)Did you no£ understand my question?' r. WrrHBSs :I- did not.*; I- don't understand court.business.v' " Mb. Csxck: It! is/not;a-question as to whether you understand court h train psy It's a question whether you understand English spoken by- a half-bred Irishman. \- CosoBAxonmoss to Photographer Poulsen on his appointment as acting Danish consul. Good man, Poulsem r Tbs value of Gympie gold mines oh Juno 1 was estimated on market prices of shares at £329,667.:, - .. ' Thet were talking in the Anglican Synod about a chaplain to minister at the publio institntionsm the Bay. - 1 Ret. Da. Bla.cz got up" and said it. had been reported that a reduction was to be made the clergj superannuation, and' that if the report were correct there would soon be no difficulty in getting a'chaplain for Dunwich. The town clerk of Townsvillewasin a dilemma the other day.-;. Scaecely had Mr. Treehy had time to con gratulate himself on the prospect of a holiday in order to give evidence in Brisbane, before, the Royal Commission oh Local Government, than ho was apprised that he would be. sum mon.ed.as a-fritness in a local libel action. Veh. Abchdbacojj David has given notice of motion'at the Anglican Synod in favour of the appointment of a bishop for British' New Guinea.' - • ^ '.The .question: of publication of . marriage banns occupied a good deal of attention from aynodsmen, and the expediency of the system was commented upon.v • ; k. Ohb gentleman remarked how^different were the. conditions here,from those in the old country, where-^'personslive m a town or district from year.to. year and' from-one generation to another."--. : . Sons ' of -the. clergy, gave interesting and amusing - information. ,to. • synod concerning their marrying experiences. ' -Rev. Cahoh Wabnxb said ha had recently •had three raarriagca, and the Tee he received in each case was a £1 note. , Or each of these £1 notes 10s. 6d. was sent to the Diocesan Registry, the/verger had sa., and the minister's share was 4s. 6a. .The same minister reminded , some of the junior clergy who; were disjposod to grumble at having to travd'long distances' to marry peopl^ and.roceiye only a ^Buall fee for the RAmft, that there was a spiritual ride - to the question, and they could ccnverttheir journeys into pastoral tours.. The £ yd. question seemed; to haye some what obscured that aspect of. the riibject, bat what is there that gold cabhot gild ? , ^ Hs.'WilliahDxacok, of Allora, was almost alone as a 'defender of the" State education system at the Anglican Synod ou Thursday weric. A local government Pooh Bah has come forward u£ the person of Hr. CommissionerLa Barte. *. Hs is division olert, foreman of works, office boy, oommonage ranger,, inspector of nuisances, and sanitary.inspector. • He took the: trouble to deny: vigorously before the commission that, he .was either the board or the oh airman. The sugar crops of the northern'districts of New South Wales are reported to.be ^look ing splendid.", - . 1 A.begknt census taken in New Zealand shows that the population.of North Island has increased at the rate of 21 percent, and that of the South Island 5 per cent since the year 1891. Ths white populatiqn of New Zealand is u. nr\n — ROR RSS in estimated'at'703,000 as against 626,658.' in 1891\. ' •' V . AmmaU, Morgan's sleep, at the Theatre Royal is scarcely „a circumstance - compared with the feats of some Indian .fakira in tho same line. •' •_ • - • • • ' . • Sib Hutra, in foco of the 1Rockhampton assailants, was a fine picture, v Habboub Board, Municipal Qouncfi, Cham ber of Commerce, and the Gogango Divisional Board,. . . -v . .■ To say nothing of citizens outside all theso bodies, ... \- Set themselves to attack :tho Premier-Teiy vigorously. ; .: • - V -;v V- . . ; * , BuT - ^ lus dexteTOiia uflQ of the filiield of plaih roeedx,vhe fannedtheir darts arid®.' N6jf^^-than:15,239 persons left South . Australia;. If or .West Australia / during thu . March'quarter. * '/ :~ This is "better for West Australia than iroa /•' and assisted immigration, but it is worse fcrf the otber Australia." The Boweh Heat Export and - Agencr Comp^y's establishment was. working: well '., attheend of May,treating about.100 head of; cattle per day. " Br is stated- locally; that in ^fdtur^ wbe* '• boys, arc xeqnnedjor-the Maryborough rail* war, only local applicants will be dealt with, and noboya sent np fromBrisbane or else* where.'-'.: Oh September 24 of this year,Her Majesty the Queen will tio George HI., and on the fonowmg'day ^re :a win for the longest reign in English history. , / Statutes passed , in; the", reigns of Bichard XL, Henry EC., end James I. were raked up - at the Police Court, Charters Towers, reiently, in order to bolster up a case of allegod fordbla entry."- ; r •. A toisq of ladies was held the other day at Laidley in" regard'to ah appeal made by theGrounds Committee of the Lockyer Agri cultural-arid 'Industrial Society to the ladies - of Laidley and district to assist themm raising - funds to enable them! to purchase shadetoses : to beautify the show grounds. - // j . . Is was proposed at the meeting to hold *•. 11 Lamington " ball, to he so called in honour ' of the Governor, and that the trees purchased from the; proceeds should also receive .his - Excellency's name. V 1 .Si3Tcroin divorce in Sydney his honour the Chief Justice of New South Wales, _said: : —" I wish that some of' the strong opponents - of tho jurisdiction of this court would attend here sometime*'and hear the revelations. of . this unfortunate court. '; It woifid make them, . perhaps, a little more humane."; 7^ offirial organ of the A.L.F. lias re cently contained ah announcement'frdm tho Long-reach secretary of the A.W.U., in which. the Ayrshire Downs prisoners are spoken of ] as men "all of whom are well and favourably \ known to.most QueMslandbuahmrii.";/ - \\. ■' At the Adelaide Hnirera^: last'a • photograph of the bones in a man's foot, which was encased in plaster of Paris, and another photograph of s piece of a needle in a lady's hand, were obtained- by ineaha of j Rohtgen'sXjays. r .. •'/'-• . . j \- The Brisbane executive of the Primitive (' Methodist Connexion has acceded to the re^ ] quests of the. Methodist Federal CoundTto submit the question of union to all members " over 21 years of age. -'•/•' ./'/ The," A.M.P. Messeng^'has a.auggea- : tioriin the direction of saintship." - ~» /. j Cou533U2s havo their'saints; Ireland haaf. Patrick; Scotland has Andrew; Wales has ; David; and England has George. Wax should not life assurance oho be so , glorified?/. - . . • •• ' • Tbe search for a fitting saint kttds the searcher to Spenser, the poets' poet. He speaks of George,- who, after a hard - and not very successful-fight, is taken for healing to the House of Holiness. Faith, Hope/and Charity live there, and . the lastnamed manages - a hospital, having under her seven "brothers. • ."Tieseventh, now after death and burial .•.-'done, ;• • Had charge tho tender orphans of the dead Arid widowes aid lest they should be undone: /. In; face of judgment he their right would • /plead,^: No ankht the power of mighty men did dread In their defence, nor would, for gold or fee, Be won their rightful causes down to tread,. Andj-when they stood in most necessity, -. Ho did;supply-their waits .and gave them , everiree.'* . *•" That nameless seventh is the-suggested, saint./,/ //-- / •' .. - -- ' But if there be no name to hang on. to, where is.the uso of him? ■. . .\/ Extract of Carrium " is the name given by a popular Brisbane host to a mysterious Xbuuxbx elicits the facV that the beverage in question is only " beef tea ." after all.; Whet some peoplo open wide their mouths and howl about toe'" brutal majority " of the Government, they-: must be very short* 'sighted, indeed. /' . ; Thev seem to forget that every member of •Parliament represents a number of individuals of tho community, and when they folic about the '.'brutal ", majority-they. are passing ■-. judgment upon all the people they represent. The " brutal" majority would be a good deal nearer the truth if they duhbed a section of the others the " howling minority." " Csmctal lunatio was the " technical " and scientific definition " given by his honour Juge Paul to a prisoner brought before him : on Monday.. - •Duacni Monday's criminal sittings of the District Court, 6ome reference was made^to : sentences received by prisoners in New South ;' Wales. * The sentences were' rather stiff ones and > drew a comment from his honour Judge Paul. His honour .reflectively remarked that ha . supposed in New South- Wales they bad not. / got over the early days. - . ' .v -•'/ Db; Talcott, of New . York; a specialist ia ' insanity,-- declares that. early rising is a' very . prolific cause of loss of reasohi , " - / ; Dubc*o the disoussiouon marriage fees- at. Stretch put iri a^imely reminder that, after afl / the fe^ came out of the pockets of '|the uu>/ happy bridegroom." / . Mb.; W. L. G. Dbsw declared at the syiiofl the other nighty that an actuary always "re*, , ported'tagain8fc other people's schemes.' Befobe' returning to-Sydney, - Sir Julian Salomons visited Borne, and was presented id tho Pope,vwith whom he. had a privatd' audience*" . \ * ^/.,'i -• 