Great figures are apt to strike the imagination, - and tiie friends uf English distributive co-operation are. able to quote some very astounding totals. Tho gentle- men who are just about leaving England to visit Anstralia and New Zealand as dele gates from the "Wholesale Co-operative Association will come here to study and to loafn in what way they can best buy at first hand from the Australian producer. T 9 m m i. al.... ...!U 1 _ . 1. 1.1. A. . A t ___ ouv iiivy wtii surety uo auie to teacii us more than wo can teach them, if we only tako means to secure all the possible advantages of their visit. The names of the gentlemen are Mr. Benjamin Jones, the London manager of the association, and Mr. Joseph Clay and -Mr. William Stdlco"1' two; of the directors of the association. |( Tim, numbo of individual societies ,Jof, 'co- operators represented by these meig.no fewer than 1800, with a membership, of 1,250,000. The share capital in these societies is £18,500,000. They do an annual business of £51,000,000. The profits for 1895 were £4,750,000. Of these profits they devoted £33,000 to education, and £20,000 to the work of co- operative' propaganda. The buyers of such a business as that are men who would be welcome in every export market in tho world, and the pro ducers of Victoria will do woll not to omit the opportunity of meeting these gentlemen half way. Tho butter pnrchases alone of this Co-operativo Association reach to one- fifth of the whole English import, or about £2,000,000 per anaum. The distinctive feature of tho buying for tius body in Ire land, Hamburg, Copenhagen and Gothen burg is that tho middleman is rigidly excluded. If tho coming visit to Victoria eventuates in business, that will be tho basis of it in Australia. Our London correspondent, who has had an interview with Mr. Ben. Jones, says that that gen tleman considers that the prospects of Australian bntter ruling tho EnglisTi mar ket during tl'io winter months are extremely good, -and that if our producers meet market prices they will be able to defy the competition of any other coun try. In his ox>inion it will always cost more' to bring Danish butter .to London than to the North of England ; while, on tho other hand, tho freight from Australia will be lower to Loudon than to the north. Australian butter, according to him, can more than hold its own in the matter of quality, because it is tho only grass fed butter obtainable .ih England daring the winter months. Tho other branches of businoss on which these visitors will pro bably mako inquiries will bo the purchaHo of hides, tallow and moat ; and our London correspondent, who Iiub had an interesting interview with the London manager, sayH — " I attach great importance to this visit " to Anstralia of this deputation." The question naturally arisos as to how we in this colony can best utiliso tho occa sion. Local co-operators havo tho mattor iu hand ; nnd thoy aro naturally trying to enlist tho activo assistance of all tho leading producing -intercstB in > town and country. The Minister of Agriculture, Nil". Tnvcnier, is fully alivo to tho impor tance of the movement, and is giving some Government aid in perfecting the organisation of thu reception. Tho various creameries, butter factories and dairies of tho colony will do woll to unite themselves with tho cflbrts put forward, so as to favorably impress tho minds of their future customers. Co-operation is ,too often looked upon as an abstract question ; but tho practical rosults which hnve accrued from it where it lias had fullest and freest play arc an evidence that even in the midst of its com petitive environments it has proved itself an enormous social force. In England, with its Manchester Bchool of trado ethics, Co-operation has had to contend ngpinst many disadvantages. Tho fierce competi tion that regards no test save that of CilOajVIiOoo ia uf CuillaU ilk uituof antagonism with tho principle which seeks to build up a brotherhood of production nnd trado rather than a state of intornc- cine war whoso motto is — " Do, or ho "(tone. Co-qperation necessarily cuts clean acrqss-jilie,. ethics of the fi'ee-trada\ econo mists, who teach that the master motive in all ' human action is the greed of gain. It Beeks to show that man has a relation with man quito apart from that of tlie buyer and seller. Tho notion 6f the Cob- denist is that the maximum of mere trade is the gaugo of human prosperity. They call upon us to admire the bulk ' of 'a nation's imports and exports, and having shown these to be increasing, thoy exclaim — " Behold the visible sign of material woll " being !" Tho co-operator rejoices in none of these things, except as they may chanco to he the adjuncts of that kind of profitable production in which tho laborer has boon recognised as' worthy of.. bis hire. Tho insane pursuit of cheapness in all forms of production they know to he only another- torm for the degradation of the producer ; and the systom of political economy which lias insisted on rigidly divorcing ethics from its teaching has nothing in common with thorn. Professor Dyer, of Glasgow University, makes this point very clearly in the Co-operative N cm : — "The now economics will have for its "starting point tho ethical community of "which the individual is a, member, and " the gulf which at present exists botwton " morality and economics will he filled, and " wealth will becompelled to take its place "as an instrument of life, and will not be "magnified into its chief end. Tlie " practical aim to he kept in view will be "to show how much wealth may bo pro duced by the least expense of human life "and well being, and by forms of labor by " which men and women shall find worthy " and congenial lives, and by an organisa- " tion of industry by means of which "wealth will ho distributed, notby compo- " tition and scramble, but by the generous " emulation of moral men, with a delinito "social ideal of life before them. . . . " Co-operation is not simply a system of " shopkeeping, or even of production ; it " is a theory of life, both individual and " national, in which rational co-operation " takes the place of heartless and wasteful " competition. It therefore presupposes a " system of economics with different " axioms and postulates from those which " have hitherto prevailed. Theso must " regard tho true lifo of man, and not the " more production of wealth, as the ideal " to be kept in view ; and tho whole must " be consciously dominated by a social " purpose, that purpose being the raising " of all men to similar chances of true life " in labor." How far this is removed from the sordid doctrine that the true mission of evcy successful man is to buy at the cheapest possible rate from ono neighbor and sell at tho dearest to another is seen at a glance. The one system recognises man as a brother to be helped ; the other regards him as a victim, to plunder. The one means true civilisation — tlie other virtual barbarism. France can teach England something in the way of co-operation, for she has suc ceeded in carrying the principle further into the business of production than England , lias done. During tho last ten years there have been established as many as 1500 syndicate agricoles, principally composed of farming proprietors, with a membership totalling a million. They have joined together to obtain, under improved condi tions, all that they need for agricultural exploitation, such as manure, seed, imple ments and live stock. Victorian farmers might study tlie operation of those organisations with great advantage ; and it is not too much to hope that during the approaching visit of Messrs. Jones, Clay and Stoke they may get some hints, not alono as to tlie best means of selling what they produce, but also concerning produc- wuu iiaoit uuuvi vuc uuucuuuuv sjroreiu ui co-operative agencies. When Mr. Lionel liillips'says that " few " of the Uitlanders care a fig for the " franchise," he probably means that they arc not interested in tho general affairs of tile' Transvaal, and would value the right 'p'f voting only in so far &b; it might mitigate the inconveniences to which the alien population is subject Tho position will be better understood hero if wo con sider precisely what the grievances of the Uitlanders aro. It would be a mistake to suppose that because the foreign clement largely exceeds the native one on the Hand, tlie Uitlanders form the majority of tho population of tho Transvaal. According to an official des patch from Pretoria tho figures are as follow : — Of 226,028 white inhabitants of the Transvaal 75,724 are Uitlanders, of, wboin 41,445 aro British subjects, 33,840 are non-British foreigners and 439 are Americans. According to our ideas it is' preposterous in a new country to exclude from all share of political power mope than a third of the population, and tiiat third the most wealthy and enterprising. The reply of tho BoerB is that this third has given no guarantee of fixed residence. , They . are adventurers come to make money out of the exploitation of the goldfields, with the avowed intention of going away when they have made I their fortunes. The Boer popnlation, on the other hand, is wedded to tho Boil, devoted to agricultural and paBtoral pursuits, and they not unnaturally object to alter their constitution for the benefit of mere birds of passage. To understand the mental attitude of the Boers we should imagine what the position" would- ho in West Australia to-day had tho ruBli been exclusively qn alien ono and a vigorous demand been set up for tlie revolutionising of tho State in a German of French direction. Tlie quarrel between tho squatters and the diggers in Victoria in. the early years of our history is not on all fours with tho Transvaal situation. There was in that case | no racial diver gence, and tho now comers brought with thom tho general rights of Britisli subjects. Tho transfer of power from ono class of British subjocts to anothor class was a matter of. expediency or necessity, but in South Africa a - change might menn tho subordination of tbo original settlers to aliens in race, langmigo and ideas. Whore thu Boers were inconsistent was in soiling thoir lands to#tho now immigrants, and then denying them those rights which ought to havo passed with territorial possession. It would have boon competent for tho Volksraad to havo passod a law forhiddirtg the salo of land to nnn-nnturalisod foreigners, and mado tho latter coutont with a torininablo leasehold, which would have vanished with tho invaders when tho anticipated exodus took piaco on the exhaustion of the gold measures. Probably a sories of temporary but liberal con cessions would have satisfied thoimiiicdiato requirements of tho gold fialds popula tion. But unfortunatoly tho Boors developed an unreasonable antagonism to the new element of population. Instead of socking to nssimilnto the invaders, and make them part and/parcel of tho body politic, special pains worn taken to keep thom distinct. Boforo the rush a foreigner could be naturalised after a rosidcnco of two years. , But nftcrwards tho period was raised again and a-ain until now there is a probation of fourteen years before equal rights are conceded. The two years' naturalised subject is allowed a vote fyr the second Hand, a body which uas no power wnatover, since tne l'rcsi- dent is allowed cither to submit its pro posals to tho first Hand or ignore thom altogether. Even aftor fourteen years' residence, when a foreigner becomes quali fied for the full franchise, lie must, boforo he can obtain a vote for the first Hand, got the consent of two-thirds of tho bnrghers in his district and havo his claim sanctioned by a direct vote of tho Hand. Nor docs lira privilege when obtained extend to his children born jn the Republic. Practically, then, tho new-comer ia shut ont from all political privileges in tho Transvaal, howovar largely ho may con tribute to tho revonuo of tho country. Tho Uitlanders naturally contribute very largoly to tho public funds. Before their arrival tho income of tho Stato was under £75,000 per annum. In 1894 it was £1,750,000, and in 1895 it exceeded that amount, nnd tho Treasury reserve fund was £2,000,000. It is calcu lated that tho Boers pay about £80,000 of tho £1,750,000 raised. Many of tlie duties imposed fall almost exclusively on tho Uitlanders, and tho monojjp thus unequally levied aro nllcgod to Jie improperly and even corruptly expended. Tho Boors have little aptitude or incli nation for administrative work, and the Government lias gonscquontly fallen hack on tho services of a clique of" Dutch administrators, who collect the customs, and so fix the rate of railwaycarriago as to bear very heavily on the mining indus try. Dynamite is a State monopoly, farmed to a Dutch company. Nominally a Republic, tho Transvaal is really a narrow oligarchy: and ns there is no chqck whatever upon tlie national expendi ture, tho grossest jobs may bo per petrated with impunity. Evon tlie ad ministration of justice is not puro.. Tlie Executive often interferes with tho judges, and thV Volksraad does not hesitate to intervene openly in law suits. We often complain hero of the cost of legal pro cedure and its delay, but wo would have more to grumble about if the Assembly, like the Boer Volksraad, could modify thelawat its sweet will so as to accommodate a favored party to a ponding easel Tho magistracy is described as servile and cor rupt, tiie public funds aro jobbed away, and tlie police are left to pay themselves by tiie levy of blackmail. The Transvaal cannot certainly bo re garded as a model republic. Tbo citizens "have a very limited capacity for public affairs, and havo largely in matters of administration fallen under tho sway of smart fellows from Holland. But tho reformatory agents aro surely not fili bustering .raids and Maxim guns. If the Uitlanders had only a little patience they could forco upon tlie Boers the con viction that things cahnot and ought not to go on in tho present fashion. Tho average Boer may he ignorant and narrow minded, but lie iB shrewd enough, and can hardly fail to recogniso in the long run that ho is not benefited by a corrupt and inciR-: cient Administration. By persistent expo sure of abuses the Johannesburg people are bound to inspire the Boers with a desire for reform. If tho gold fields are to bo pormanent, the two races must noeds contrive to find a modus vioendi ; and if the Johannesburg population is a temporary one merely, there is a justification for the refusal of the Boers to let it como in to revolutionise the policy of tho country. An English writer makes the Boers put their position thus : — You strangors como hero to msko monoy, snd when you have mado it you go home. You dou't caro twopence about tho Transvaal Re public ; if you Bw.ar allogianoo to our Govern ment, it will bo porjury ; in your hearts you hato us, and laugh at'vour farmer ways. Our enemies nr. not your onomies, and our friends are not your friouds. You nre hero to-day mid gono to-morrow. The best of you aro English men ; tho worst of you arc German, French, and Dutch Jews, without a country, and with out much belief in tbo Biblv. If you aro, jib you say, an overwhelming majority, you aro asking u>, a conservative, rural population, to hand ovor our farms, our ohildron, our Hooks and herds and our ohurches to the control of a Hooting, cosmopolitau arowd of spcoulators and minors. There is a good deal of force in this con tention, and Mr. Chamberlain's proposal for giving the population of the Hand municipal government with extended powers is tlie most practical mode of meeting the difHculty. If the goldfields population is merely ephomeral," its municipality will vanish with it ; nnd if it is ti be permanent, either as a mining community or through tlie adoption of other industries, its self- govorning capacities would he a valuable object lesson to tlie Boers, and exercise an irresistible influence in modifying tlie Transvaal institutions' in the direction of tho consolidation of the 'population in a free and progressive community. It is pretty evident that if tho Boers have been prejudiced and obstructive, tho Hand leaders have beon arrogant and dis posed to rely upon outside support rather than upon appeals to tho common senso and spirit of fair play of tiio Boer popula tion. Tho development of a healthier state of affairs in tho Transvaal, instead of being accelerated by Dr. Jameson's mad raid, has been effectually retarded for at least a generation. 