ANGLO-COLONIAL GOSSIP. [From OUT own Corr«snon(?pnt.T London. November 13. The new assistant doctors chosen by Mr. Playfordfor the Adelaide Hospital have seen him, and he ia satisfied with them. Dr. Morris goes out by the Orova. and Dr. Morrison zoes out next wees by tno r. & O. -Mr. f laytonl haa had an interview this week with the editor of tho Lancet in ordar to explain the situation at the Hospital. i[r. T. W. Bakevrell has gons to Lvlia for a trip, and will not be back until t'ebrnary next. Mr. W. Mortiia gois to Paris again for a week. Tha Agsnt-GeiseraVa office have drawn up a ? very valuable comparative statement of the expense of inscription of stock, which is being forwarded to tho Government by this mail. Mr. Playforci's catimatu is £105 for every million, while tha o:her colonies have to pay either £400 or £339 per million. The Crown j Colonies Department is able to do it for about £97 per million, while the Bank of England oes the British national debt for £325 per million for 500 millions, and after that for £109 per million. ? ' ', The Koyal Colonial Institute had a very representative' gathering to see tbo Lord iiavor's Show go past. The South Australians at the Bank of Adelaide wero Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Simms, Mr. and Airs. l\ F. Bonnin, Mr.* and Mrs. MoSin, Mr. and Mrs. G. P. Doolette, Mr3. and the' Misses Burford, Mr. 1 and Mrs. W. B. Wilkinson. Mr. Dorhaai L. ! Doolette, and 'Mr. Churchill Xarth more. Mr. Playford had to decline his invitation this year. The Land and Exploration Company of Australasia, Limited,. has been formed for tho ] purpose of acqufrinjr, dcv»Iop:nff, and other wise dealing with the following properties: — 1\. The tract of land situate about thirty eight miles south, of Perth, in Western Aus tralia, known as the Adelaide Estate, contain ing 52,443 acres' or thereabouts, including tiio townships of Murray and Daatiaiup. 2. Tko | adjoining tract of land known as the Hall Estate, Mandurah. containing 2O.ft00 1 acres or thereabout*, including the greater : portion of the township of MaaduraU. it ia ! stated in the prospuerus th.it gold hasrweutly j been discovered ia that part of the Darling j Downs.' Mr. G-. P. Do-v!ette, who is the j vendor as well as tho promoter, has fixed the i purchase price for the properties at £275 000, ! payable as to £50,000 in cash, and as to j £225,000 in fully paid-up shares of the Com- j pany, and he .has entered iuto agreements with Messrs. David Murray and David Fowler, who own the property. Ta i capital is fixed at £300,000. in £1 shares. The present prospec tus deals with first issua of 75, '300 shares of £1 each and £75,000 £5 per cent, first mortgage debenture bonds of £50 each at par. The trustees for the debenture- holders are Messrs. William Lund, shipowner, and O. J. Trewin,*' .shipowner. The London Directors are Sir F. P. Dixon-Hartland, Bart., M.P., Sir Henrv Trueman Wood, Mr. Beuben Yincent Barrow, J.P., and Mr. David Fowler. The Colonial Directors are Mr. John Gordon, of Messrs. D. & W. Murrav. aud Mr. G. W. Goyder, C.M.G.. both of Adelaide. Tha Chairman of the Northern Territories Goldfields of Australia, speaking at the first general meeting of the Company, made the following remarks: — 'I think it is a mistake on the part of the South Australian Govern ment at this initiatory stagre of the opening up and development of the Northern Territories to exclude altogether the immigration of Chinese labour, and I trust that the Govern ment may yet see, in its wisdom, the advisable ness of rescinding its resolution so far as the Northern Territory is concerned. I may add 1 speak advisedly on this point, and am sup ported in these views by prominent ofncials, who from their local knowledge are much more capable of judging of the situation than I.' The Chairman before, concluding his speech referred specially to the valuable aid rendered to the Company by the Hon. Mr. Dashwood, Government Resident at Port Darwin, and also bv Mr. Stretton. the late Warden of the roldfields of the Northern Territories. Mr. Schnadhorst's friends in the colony will -e sorry to hear that his condition is extremely rrave. He has lxad three paralytic strokes, me on tho right side and two on the left. Notwithstanding his condition Mr. Sclinad jorst's mind ia lucid on moat subjects. It has been decided that the Pacific Cable Committee is to ba held with doors closed to ho Press; and no official communication is to -e made to the Press, either aa to the nature -f the evidence or the identity of tho witnesses examined. Yesterday the first cieetinfr was lcld with Lord Selborae in the chair, and Mr. Fleming-, the Canadian, was examined. Mr. Fleming is, a3 you know, Engineer-in-Chief to ;he two railways that cross the Ameri ran Continent, viz., the Intercolonial and Canadian-Pacific systems. His evidence ye3 :erday was entirely in favour of a scheme for :oanecting Britain with. Australasia by means jf an 'all-British cable.' The Orient has arrived with fi, 400 boxes of Australian biittsr, vhich is selling at from 9Ss. :o 104s. This . is capital, as there is quito a »lut of butter on tho market, including French, Danish, and American. The French 'etclie* from 82s. to 94s. per cwt., the Danish Irom 100s. to 112s., and American and Canadian 30s. to 903. Since the close of the last wool sales over 2,309 bales havo changed hand3 at a substan :ial advance on late rates, and these have been :hicfly purchased by Americans. The brokers iook forward to an active market and higher prices in the sixth series of sales, which com mence on the 24t'u inst. There have already irrived 4,433 bales from South Australia for the next sale, a very small percentage of tha total amount (about 200,000 bales), which will be available for the sales. I ata told that the relatives of Alfred McCall, who has been in the Adelaide Lunatic Asylum for the last seven years, ?will respond liberally to a call made by the South Austra lian Government for his keep durinpr that period. The Mftkodist Times in the course of a short obituary notice of Mr. Charles Drew mmarks : — ' Mr. Drew was a pillar of Weslsyan iEethodism in South Australia, and liberally contributed to our own various Home Mission Funds.*' The Rev. John Thome was present at Chat ham ou November 6 at a faiewell meeting given to a number of Bible Christians about to proceed to China. Respecting the suggested unsectarian Con ference Dr. Wclldon, the Head Master of Harrow, writes: — 'I should be in hearty sympathy with tho proposal to set apart a Sunday for commemorating the blessings* and responsibilities of the Ensrjish-speaking race. I think that a solemn service in Westminster Abbey, with a sermon preached,' if possible, by the Archbishop of Canterbury, would be a worthy part of the commemoration. But the ministers of relisnon all over the Empire might be invited to take notice of tho occasion in their services and sermons. It would natu rally rest with tha ecclesiastical authori ties to draw up a special form of service if it were thought proper, and I should be (joinfr beyond my province if I attempted to indicate what the service should be.' Tho Kev. Husrh Price Hughes, the lead inpr Methodist preacher here, also writes: — '' I heartily concur with the projected English speaking Festival, and am in full sympathy with the suggestion that a relipious service should be held in all places of worship, and ba recognised by the Disestablished Churches as well as by tho Establishment.' The Messageries Maritimes boat, the Poly nesien, had a fins passage from Adelaide to Marseilles, delivering her mail from Adelaide to London in twenty-seven days. Messrs. H. F. Shipatcr andG. A. Tomkmson were both present at the recent dinner of the Royal Colonial Institute. Mr. W. A. Horn, with his wife and four children, go out hy the Oroya for a stay of a few months in South Australia. Mr. Horn expects to bo back by May next, when he will definitely settle in England. He has been in indifferent health for some time past. He leaves three of his children at home. Mr. C. A. Clausen and Mr. Lavmgton Bonython go hv the same boat. Sir YVestly' J3. Perceval will preside at an afternoon meeting of the Royal Colonial Insti tute on November 17. when Mr. E. Jerome Dyer, of Melbourne, will road a paper on the colony of 'V ictoria, dealing mora especiaily vrith dairying, fruit, and wine industries. Mr. Dyer waa recently commissioned by the Government of Victoria to visit -Japan and the East with a view to open up new markets for the Australian trade. Mr. H. M. WaUaRe Kennedy made his debut before a -Richmond audience last weeic with Mr. Playford as one of the audience. In the ordin&ry; course Mr. Kennedy's scholarship ends next Easter, but the Board of Directors have been kind enough to allow him an exten sion of a year. I notice that- one of the sporting papers, in reference to the eight- oared boat which Mr. Dorharn Doolette is having built for the Ade laide university crew, refers to him as 'the Patron of tho Adelaide University Boatinir Club.' Mr. W. Sandover returns to Adelaide next year. ? Lord Selborne, the Under Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, made some utterances at Edinburgh the other day which seem to have acted like a red rag on a bull to some of the German papers. One German paper with an unpronounceable name roundly abuses the speech, and asks in what consists Queen' Victoria's predominance in South Africa. Is it an actual or lawful claim? If the latter, it must be asked, whence the authority and whore are the written condi tions? Another says that it would be bt-tter to let sleeping dojrs lie, and considers Lord Solborne ill-advised to reopen a question of so sore a nature. There has always, been a great deal of exaggeration ubout the number of 'returned empties,' as ex-colonial bishops have some times been called in England. Through the researches of the Rev. F. E. Brightnian. of the Pusey House, we get the facts that there- art; only twenty -five ex-colonials in London, and that instead of getting: fat rectories here the sum total of rhcir salaries only eives them about £240 a year each. It appears tlm. fcfl averasre time for a Bishop to stay hi ta colonies is about ten years. Notes of irritation about Western Austra lian mining are not wanting: in the London' Pres3. Mr. J. E. Burbank, for instance, writes from Paris that he ia not connected with any miues bearing the name Burbank. excepting Burbank'a Birthday Gift Mine. If a mine is at all good the promoter here at om-e brings out a North and South and a Cv- iitnil and ;ia Extended. Respecting the Lake Yii-w South there is e comylaint in the , papers that ia::t Djl— tr.ber cireukr-i were seat j out 8C;iti:;^ th.it era-hin^ was ou tho evo of ! ootnmeneing ; then later to tiio citect that the j mill was ant quite L-.juip:ete, as a few of the : necessary nut.' s\:ul washers had got mislaid ! at Perth. Then the paper said that tho mill i was ready aud crushing actually going on. It j is. in fact, very close on twelve inoaths sinco this particular mill was ready to crush, aud thare uasjjoeu no return of a crushing yet. The White House GciJminiug Company, in which Mr. D^vid Murray and other South j AtsstraJsans havo a Syndicate interest, held its j statutory meeting on the 6th, when most gluw infr accounts were given to tho public. Mr. ! Bonnin, 'who was ^ present, addressed tho meeting, and urguu 'that a register of share holders should be opened in Adelaide. The local Directors of tbe Company are D. IL Braidwood aud A, J. Roberts, lato of Adu laidc. Mr. J. C. F. Johnson has strongly expressed himself of the opinion that Mr. Kingston is thoroughly ia itio wrong over the Hospital question. The brothers Brookman, I hear from an in direct source, hav« settled a large sum on their father, so as to give him a comfortable income for life. &Tr.; R. 2C. Wells, who with bis wife is tra velling on the Continent before joining tho Oroya at Naples on the '2\fth of this month, is in hopes that his placer scheme will go o£ later fa the year, as -it |s in good hands. Imperial federation' iinder the guise of ' Im perial 'detente' is to have a bit of a boom in a volume .'shortly, to be published by Messrs. Murray. The* volume will practically be a collection of the essays, letters, and speeches of the late Earl of Carnarvon. t Cpunt- de Chandondy has just published in Paris a brochure on the (jue-stion of colonial policy. The writer bewails the exaggeration of the colonial idoa. and arjrues that colonial aggrandisement would be no compensation for loss of territory at homo, and that French Jolonial policy has so far produced needless heart-burnings between France and England, with a tendency to slip over to the side of Germany. The Count is further of opinion that England has far more to fear from Gar many than France. He says: — 'The eoin niercial and industrial competition of Germaay is a serious business for England. SJho is bound not to facilitate any further develop ment of her colonial influence.'1 In tha variety of investments perhaps there is safety, but it is a little out of the way that the chief promoters of an Australian Cycle and Motor Company. Limited, with a capital of £75,000. are the Crown Exploration Company, Limited, the West Australian Goldnolds, Limited, the London and Western Australian Exploration Company, Limited, the West Australian Share Corporation, Limited, the Scottish-Colonial Goidnelds, and tho Colonial Goldiields. Limited. 