Needles. "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Rain at Kalgoorlie. The Kaiser theatrical. The Barossa goldfields. Trade of Port Augusta. The seed wheat question. Mr. W. J. Crawford dead. Another Tantanoola tiger. A. tram fatality in Sydney. Excessive heat in the north. Dairying in the southu-east. The story of a Chinese girl. Heat in New South Wales. M. Charles Floquet is dead. Kalgoorlie gold formations. A romantic Chinese damsel. New Bishop of Port Augusta. Broken Hill mines looking up. Heavy rain beyond Nillinghoo. The Aldinga has been wrecked. Pleuro-pneumonia in the north. Inspection of Broken Hill mines. A dynamite explosion at Bourke. A terrible tragedy in Melbourne. Imported Shropshires doing well. Prince Henry of Battenberg dead. Mr: W. R. Wilson is much better. A generous gift from Mr. Doolette. Good alluvial finds near Kalgoorlie. The Queen is expected to visit Paris. Enthusiastic Germans in Melbourne. A rich discovery at the Crœsus mine. Jumbo, the Sydney elephant, is dead. Sixty-three inquests held during 1895. A French Statesman has passed away. The Mekong Valley difficulty settled. Mr. W. H. Cann visiting Broken Hill. The creeks flooded beyond Nillinghoo. The Middle Bank light has been fixed. Trades Hall to be opened on March 7. Accident to a farmer at Port Augusta. Three deaths from heat at Oodnadatta. The Sunbeam went ashore in Tasmania. Gustave Doré died on January 23, 1883. Victorian Defence Force to be increased. Mr. Cecil Rhodes on his way to London. France strengthening her naval defences. A man cut in halves by a tram in Sydney. The Barossa goldfields receiving attention. The gulf is now well supplied with lights. Mr. S. C. Robinson, of Mannanarie, dead. A raisin trust has been formed at Mildura. Increase of £18,000 in the Customs revenue. Disgraceful telegraphic delays in the West. A discovery of quicksilver made in Victoria. A man burnt to death at Cobram, Victoria. British demands satisfied by King Prempeh. Heavy passenger traffic to the Golden West. Kaiser William thanking Prince Bismarck. The Proprietary is truly a remarkable mine. Two unfortunate boys smothered in a sand pit. Seed wheat to be distributed on the Murray flats. Mr. L. S. Spiller draws £600 retiring allow- ance. Louis XVI. was guillotined on January 21, 1793. Lord Lamington warmly approves of federa- tion. Spirited competition at the London wool sales. Last week 37 steamers cleared at Port Ade- laide. Prempeh has been conquered and sent to the coast. The Sturt Labor Party will run Mr. T. Price. Mr. Coneybeer, M.P., has returned from Orange. Denial Bay residents want a telegraph station. The new Bishop of Riverina has reached Sydney. The Duke of Orleans has met with a hunting accident. Two deaths at Broken Hill through the weather. No lives lost through the wreck of the Aldinga. The Pastoral Board has returned from the far north. Conciliation over the Transvaal difficulty suggested. Bank receipts for £30,000 stolen in West Australia. Extensive bush fires in the interior of West Australia. Suspicious death of a married woman in Melbourne. The Chief Inspector of Stock back from the south-east Sixty Uitlanders have been arrested in the Transvaal. Opening prices maintained at the London wool sales. Victorian farmers crying out about the income tax. Improved relations between John Bull and Uncle Sam. Hon. G. McGregor and Mr. Batchelor in Queensland. The plague of tick continues at Cairns, Queensland. Military Commandants confer in Sydney on January 29. Proposal for America to buy the Danish West Indies. Mr. J. H. Cann is visiting his electorate at Broken Hill. Proposed to annex Norfolk Island to New South Wales. More deaths reported from the heat in New South Wales. The British Army never better prepared for an emergency. Mr. Henry Taylor will be a candidate for East Adelaide. More deaths reported in New South Wales from the heat. Victorian Government receiving applications for seed wheat. The "Execution Grove" in Ashantee has been destroyed. Me Balfour says England's decision is not to be disputed. Mr. J. C. F. Johnson is retiring from Par- liamentary life. Railway revenue for past week shows an in- crease of £1,298. The Middle Bank light can be seen a dis- tance of 12 miles. The Earl of Northbrook was born on January 22, 1826. Prince Henry of Battenberg has succumbed to malarial fever. Five deaths at Farina since January 1 through the heat. Heavy damage done recently to a State forest in Victoria. Valiant and Mahee scratched for the New- market Handicap. Prince Henry of Battenberg died on January 20 off Sierra Leone. Verdict of wilful murder in the case of the Black Flat tragedy. The keenest competition prevailed at the London wool sales. The German colonial party desire to have their navy increased. Police to be mounted on bicycles in the suburbs of Brisbane. The dairying season in the south-east has been a very bad one. It is proposed to form a meteorological station at Kalgoorlie. The Victorian railway revenue last week amounted to £45,977. An unsuccessful attempt to burn down a church in Queensland. The old intercolonial favorite Aldinga has become a total wreck. The Treasurer returned from the eastern colonies on Saturday. Mr. C. J. Moran, member for Yilgarn, arrived by the Marloo. A large syndicate formed in London to deal in Australian produce. B. V. Scrymgour made 103 against the Port Adelaides on Saturday. Rain fell under singular circumstances at Bourke on Wednesday. Patriotism displayed in theatres and other public places in. Canada. The Very Rev. James Maher appointed Bishop of Port Augusta. Mr. Edmund Barton, Q.C., Sydney, was born on January 18, 1849. William Pitt died on January 23, 1806. He was born on May 28, 1709. The heroic defence of Rorke's Drift took place on January 22, 1879. The Broken Hill Company has paid £5,752,000 in 101 dividends. "Beautiful Britain" back numbers can be had from the news agents. The Queen on her way to Nice will probably stay a day or two at Paris. Part XV. of Stoddard's "Portfolio of Photographs" issued to-day. Commodities rising in value in Perth owing to the inrush of immigrants. The Military Conference will probably be held in Sydney on January 29. Houses wrecked and trees blown down by a storm in New South 'Wales. The cricket on the Adelaide Oval was not very interesting on Saturday. Activity amongst the Opposition members of the Queensland Assembly. Zimmerman has not proved the financial success he was led to anticipate. Mr. George Bell appointed clerk of the Local Court at Port Wakefield. A settlement of disputes between England and France has been arrived at. No less than 2,400,388 tons of ore have been treated by the Broken Hill mine. The steamer Aldinga was built to the order of Mr. Samuel White, of Aldinga. A valuable discovery of petroleum has been made at Taranaki, New Zealand. The seed wheat question agitating the minds of the people on the Murray flats. The deficiency over the Transcontinental telegraph line amounts to £300,000. The issue of Stoddard's superb "Portfolio of Photographs" is nearly completed. The Kaiser, it is announced, has not apolo- gised to his grandmother, the Queen. The Governor of Malta has disallowed the proposed import duty on frozen meat. A banker sentenced in London to five years' imprisonment for embezzling £18,000. The W.C.T.U. camp at Port Victor has not been the success it was expected to be. The Conservator of Forests found the Kapunda Nursery in excellent condition. Rogers, alleged to have salted the Angipena Treasure mine, has been committed for trial. The crack batsmen, except Clem. Hill, did not show out very prominently on Saturday. Lord Salisbury says England will never allow it to be said that she yielded to pressure. An explosion of dynamite was followed by rain at Bourke, New South Wales, on Wednes- day. Americans generally deprecate the attempt of certain politicians to revive the jingoistic fever. Only one more part of Stoddard's "Port- folio of Photographs" to be issued to complete the set. German residents at Fort Salisbury con- demn the Kaiser's message to President Kruger. Lord Wolseley states that the British Army was never better prepared for war than at present. The British Empire, says Mr. Balfour, was never in a better condition as a fighting machine. Though splendidly isolated Great Britain is secure in the loyalty of her colonies, says Mr. Chamberlain. Mr. Reid says New South Wales would not look very favorably on federation with Queens- land out of it. The Liberals have refused to interfere with regard to Lord Salisbury's inactivity over the Armenian question. Mr. Cook, of New South Wales, says South Australia has made a very good bargain over the Pacific cable. At Sir Jenkin Coles's meeting at Point Pass an accident occurred to a woman, a 400-gallon tank falling on her. On the 18th of January, 1871, King William of Prussia was proclaimed at Versailles Em- peror of Germany. The Seaham colliery, which has been closed for some months on account of a fire, is to be reopened shortly. An assistant commissioner for South Africa is to be appointed to facilitate Sir Hercules Robinson's mission. The Queen has warned the Sultan that his throne will be endangered unless reforms are effected in Armenia. Mr. C. J. Valentine says the inspection of dairy cattle in the south- east is not carried out so well as it might be. The Federation League held a meeting at Gawlcr on Monday evening to advance the great Australian cause. It is stated that Lord Wolseley its making arrangements for the possible dispatch of 6,000 troops on foreign service. Federation Conference likely to be delayed till next year owing to Queensland not having passed the Enabling Bill. The Anseh chiefs who visited England for the purpose of. negotiating terms have been re- pudiated by King Prempeh. Out of the sixteen parts comprising Stod- dard's exquisite "Portfolio of Photographs" fifteen have now been issued. Henry McLean, charged with inflicting grievous bodily harm on John Casey, was dis- charged by the coroner's jury. A hundred wounded Armenians said to have been thrown into a well and then burned to cinders, with the aid of kerosine. A farm of 501 acres in Wiltshire which 15 years ago sold for £7,000 has just been disposed of at a public auction for £1,640. 