CO-OPERATIVE DELEGATES. IN THE KILLARNEY DISTRICT. THE YANGAN CHEESE FACTORY OUR BUTTER PRODUCERS PUBLIC MEETING AT WARWICK (By Our Special Reporter) Leaving Brisbane early on Friday morning, the Co-operative delegates, accompanied by Mr. Thynne and several members of the Legislative Assembly, proceeded to Warwick, arriving there a little after 7 o'clock in the evening. Going across the Downs the delegates were very much interested in the magnificent country, their opinion being that so much agricultural lands and of such a high quality, meant a great future for the Queensland butter producers. On Saturday morning the Hon. T. J. Byrnes (Attorney-General) came by special to Warwick, accompanied by the Hon. G. W. Gray, M.L.C., Messrs. Castling, Chataway, Daniels Dawson, Groom, Jackson, Leahy, M'Master, and Story, MM.L.A., and several other Brisbane gentlemen. At 10 o'clock on Saturday morning the delegates and a large number of visitors and townsfolk journeyed by special train to Killarney. On the arrival of the train at Yangan Station, a stoppage of nearly an hour was made, to enable the party to be shown over the cheese factory there. Mr. Reid, one of the proprietors of the factory, ushered the party over the establishment, and explained to the delegates the process of cheese making practised there. With a capacity of 3000 gallons of milk per diem, and a most perfect equipment of machinery, the factory is a great boon to the dairy farmers of the district. When the milk is brought in it is put into a patent sampler, which registers the quantity and runs off into a small cup an even sample of the milk. With this machine four lots of milk may be weighed without it being emptied. From the samples the milk is taken up by a specially-con- structed pump, and sent along a series of jacketed pipes with ventilation holes. As the milk runs along these pipes, ice water is continually passing in the jackets, reducing the temperature of the milk and dissipating any unnatural odours which may be in It. From the pipes the milk is run into steam jacketed vats, where it is raised to a certain temperature before the rennet and colour are put into it. When the curd has properly formed It is cut into small cubes by means of a series of sharp steel knives. The operation of cutting up the curd is a most delicate one, and the operator has to use every care not to disturb the silky film which is attached to the cord and constitutes the flavour of the cheese. When the curd has been cut, the whey, after it has been thoroughly separated, is drawn off by a siphon, and the curd dried and broken up fine in a curd- mill. The next operation is the pressing of the cord in a ganges mill. in the press the curd is encased In the cheesecloth, and left under pressure for twenty-four hours or more. After being taken out. of the press, the green cheeses are run up in a lift to the drying-room, where they remain at least twelve weeks before they are allowed to go out as marketable articles. The drying-room, which has insulated walls, is maintained at a temperature of about 70deg. Fahr. Cooled air is used to maintain this temperature in summer time, while in winter steam pipes laid round the room are used. Mr. Jones tasted several samples of the cheese, and said that it was equal to the good quality of Cheddar cheese, and would be a very marketable article in Great Britain Leaving Yangan about half-past 11 o'clock, a quick run was made to Killarney, where an excellent luncheon was partaken of. Shortly after 1 o'clock the all aboard" bell went, and the train left for Warwick, arriving there at 2.50 p.m. The delegates expressed them- selves as delighted with the trip, and stated that they were much impressed with the large area of splendid country they had seen. THE PUBLIC MEETING. On Saturday evening the delegates addressed a public meeting in the Warwick Town Hall. The Hon. A. J. Thynne, Minister for Agriculture, occupied the chair, and there were present on the platform the Hons. T. J. Byrnes, Attorney-General, and G. W. Gray, M.L.C., Messrs. Castling, Chataway, Daniels, Dawson, Jackson, Leahy, M'Gahan, M'Master, and Story, MM. L.A., Alderman F. Grayson, Mayor of Warwick, and several other prominent citizens. The hall was crowded with a most attentive and interested audience. The CHAIRMAN, in introducing the delegates to the meeting, said that he had asked them, as a very great favour, to deliver an address in Warwick, and that In consenting they had conferred an honour on the district. Mr. JONES, who was received with great applause, commenced his address by giving a history of the movement and stating the object of their visit. Speaking on the butter question, he said that he had been through South Australia, Victoria, and New South Wales, where they had been shown large areas of land especially suited for the graz- ing of daily herds and the production of butter. Since seeing this land, Mr. Thynne had brought them to the Downs, and he had no hesitation in saying that, so far as his limited knowledge of their soil, climate, and natural advantages went, they could produce on the Downs the very best quality of butter, and, added to this, their opportunities for getting the land at lower prices than in the Southern colonies, left much in their favour. He had gone carefully into figures to find out what milk and butter could be produced at. The little kingdom of Denmark, with its small area and comparatively poor soil, sent butter to the value of ten millions sterling every year to England. The Danes were, perhaps, amongst the most intelligent and skilful farmers on the face of the earth, and had an extremely good capacity for conducting their commercial affairs on sound lines. Every dairy farmer in Denmark was associated with a co-operative butter or dairy factory. The farmers themselves were the proprietors of their factories, and managed them through a board of directors appointed from themselves. -All the profits made there went into the pockets of the farmers, and helped to swell the profits they got from their farms. (Applause.) Those were the reasons why the Danish dairy farmers had such an extraordinary hold on the English market. The opportunities of the Queensland farmers exceeded those of the Danish farmers, and they also had this additional advantage, that at the time when the Danish farmers were expending large sums of money in keeping their cattle warm in the winter and feeding them on oil cake, they in Queensland were enjoy- ing their glorious summer, and were able to produce butter which defied the competition of the world. (Applause). Owing to climatic conditions, refrigerating machines and the facilities for carrying butter in refrigerated chambers on railway cars and ships, the Queensland farmers could put the best butter on the London market at such a price that as soon as they were able to produce enough for export they would soon run the Danish farmer out of the market. (A Voice : "Who is going to take it from us s") Why, the British people would take It, their co« <Dperatqra,Nwho were one-seventh of the population of Great Britain, would take It. (Cheers.) Did they think that the British workpeople would give 14d. a lb. for Danish butter when they could get equally good, if not better, Australian butter at 1s. a lb.? (Applause.) He had seen better butter in Australia than the had ever seen in Denmark. (Applause.) Dealing with the question of trading with the colonies, he said that fortunately for the British working man, England was a free-trade country. They had to look to foreign countries and the colonies for the biggest portion of the goods consumed by the working people of Great Britain. The directors of the Co- operative Wholesale had been asked by the shareholders why they did not buy from the colonies in preference to dealing with foreign countries. To this the directors had answered that they could get goods from foreign countries better in quality and nearer to England than the colonies. The shareholders, however, had kept pestering the directors to trade with the colonies, and so they had sent them out to see if they could see their way to establishing a trade-(applause)-and Instead of send- ing so much money to Denmark, Sweden, and Germany, they wanted to see what they could buy here. To show them that they (the delegates) had the sympathy of all the co-operators of Great Britain, he could tell them that at the last annual congress held In What Week, a unanimous vote congratulating them on their mission had been passed, expressing an earnest wish for its success, and hoping that its results would be to strengthen the ties of kinship and love between the mother country and the colonies, and draw them closer together than before. (Applause). Of one thing they were satisfied, and that was that they ought to have closer relation- ship and mix more in business with the colonies. The British co- operators were saturated with this idea, and said "We have to keep up large armaments to protect ourselves from foreign countries. If we can have closer union with the British-speaking people, and with our colonies, we could do with less armaments. What is the good of our sending our money to foreign countries to make them rich and better able to fight us ? Would it not be better to send our money to our colonies, and to make them rich so that they can help us to fight, or we them ?" (Applause ) With these sentiments he agreed, and was sure that war could only be put an end to by the federation of the world and the brotherhood of man. (Applause.) They (the delegates) were going back full of enthusiasm for Queensland, of which they could not think too highly. (Applause.) They were going back to preach the cause of Australia, and to try and promote their business relations with the colonies. For all the hospitality and kindness they had received from the Governments of all the colonies they had nothing but hearts full of gratitude, and they would endeavour to show this gratitude by straining every nerve on their return to England to establish large and profitable business relations between their society and the colonies. Messrs. Stoker and Clay delivered addresses much on the lines of their previous speeches in Brisbane. On- the motion of the Hon. T. J. Byrnes, seconded by the Mayor, the delegates were accorded a vote of thanks for their addresses, to which they suitably responded. t A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings. A special train conducted the visitors back to Brisbane, leaving Warwick at midnight on Saturday, and arriving in Brisbane early yesterday morning. The delegates were to leave Warwick for Sydney by the mail train this morning. i IMPRESSIONS OF QUEENSLAND. Asked by our reporter to give his opinion upon the dairying industry, and Queensland generally, Mr. Jones said that in travelling through New South Wales he" saw the best dairying country last, and was delighted with it, as being (one of the best specimens of dairying country in Australia that he had seen up to then. The Darling Downs seemed to him to possess an equally good climate to that of the superior dairying country he had seen in New South Wales, while it had the additional advantage of being only one third the price. It only requires a judicious system of dairy farming, which necessarily includes both the wise and intelligent cultivation of the land, and the judicious selection of a good strain of milking stock, to insure the production of butter of a first-class quality, and in tremendous quantities, for the supply of the British market, and he was confident that the British people would pay such handsome prices for their butter as would leave very big profits to the dairy farmers. Of course the efforts of the dairy farmers must be backed up by a well-devised system of cream separating stations, conveniently planted throughout the dairying districts, and these stations would send their cream to a suitably situated central butter factory, where all the latest scientific appliances, not forgetting that most important thing of all, a refrigerat- ing plant, could be utilised for the economical production of the greatest possible quantity of the best quality of butter. His own preferences were in favour of a co- operative system. He was given to understand that the scattered conditions in which the farmers to a large extent lived made it difficult for them to know one another sufficiently well to enable them to co-operate, and that the farmers seemed to prefer that separating stations and butter factories should be erected and kept going through the medium of private enterprise. If the dairy farmers really did prefer this, then he had nothing further to say, because it was their business, and not his but perhaps he might be allowed to point out, without anybody taking offence, that the most economical system of production and exchange in the long run invariably defeated and that out of the field any system which was less economical and less efficient. Therefore, although taking soil, climate, and other natural advantages into account, the Darling Downs seemed to him, to say the least of it, as favourably circumstanced as any of the most favoured dairying districts of Australia, while there was the additional advantage of land here being of a lower value. (The dairy farmers must bear in mind that in the neighbouring colonies their dairying brethren are firmly imbued with the co-operative spirit, believing that thereby they obtain a higher net price for their milk than when they refrain from co-operating, and sell their milk to private butter-making firms. He believed that the saving toy doing away with the necessity for employment of private firms, whether for butter-making or. as agents for the sale of produce, was very great, and he did not think that he would be exaggerating at putting it at somewhere about 10 per cent on the total of the value of the farmers' (returns for the milk supplied by him. As to the colony generally, it seemed to him one of the most magnificent possessions of the British Empire. Its principal want appeared to be a steady and large supply of people who would settle upon the land and engage in agricultural operations. It was a matter of surprise to him that with the immense natural advantages that Queensland possessed, and the small population that it had to enjoy and develop these possessions, that so little information filtered through to the British people at thorne as to the splendid opportunities Queensland offers to intelligent agricultural emigrants. With such a vast territory and so small a population, the Working expenses of local and colonial Government, of -working the railway, postal, and telegraphic systems, and of maintaining - harbours, must be very great per head of population, and if it were only, for this reason alone it would be to the interests of everybody in the colony to endeavour to attract a steady stream of Immigration, because these newcomers would necessarily share in the burdens above mentioned, in return for sharing in the benefits derived, from the operations of these institutions Yet, as everyone knew, the very fact of there being more people to share in the benefits of these institutions would not only not detract from the benefits derived from them by the present population, but, owing to the increased re- avenues that would be received, the benefits to the existing population, as well as, to the newcomers, could be in- definitely increased. In other words, the more a country was settled and became populated the more everybody could enjoy the prosperity and the comforts of civilised life and what was very important, the more diverse were the occupations that were opened out for rising generations. That in itself was a great advantage, since scarcely anything promoted the prosperity and happiness of an individual more than being able to select a remunerative occupation which was in accordance with his tastes, aptitudes, and inclinations. On the contrary, in a sparsely populated country the number of occupations that were open for a youth to choose from were comparatively limited, and hence very often people were forced to engage in pursuits which were distasteful to them, and which frequently resulted in the poor fellow becoming a disastrous failure. Now that the delegates were leaving Queensland, he wished, on behalf of Messrs. Clay and Stoker and himself, to express their grateful thanks for the generous hospitality and kindness with which they had been received every- where by the Government, the local officials, and all classes of citizens. They had everywhere met with sympathetic attention, and had received almost innumerable expressions of good will and good wishes for the success of their mission. 