Current News. We are indebted to the Tosca Studio, Queen-street, for the photos of Messrs. J. K. Cannan, O. Agar, and E. Fitzpatrick in our group of portraits of officers of the Commercial Rowing Club. Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Co. advise that the Orient Company's R.MJ3. Austral, from London- to Australian ports, left Colombo on the 27th October, and will most probably arrive at Albany on the 6th in stant. 'Mr. Grimes presented a petition to the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday from the Ministers* Union of Charters Towers, protesting against the running of special trains on Sunday between Charters Towers and the Burdekin. At the invitation of the Kennedy Bridge Board, Mr. A. B. Brady, the Colonial Architect, is on his way to Bundaborg to inspect ' and ' report on the old -Kennedy Bridge over Saltbush Creek, which is considered to be unsafe for traffic. The following telegram was received by the Marine Board authorities on Monday from the harbour-master at Thursday Island :—" Proudfoot Shoal lightship re placed, and light exhibited as before. Light ship situated S.W. % S., one mile from the Shoai:" Proceedings have been taken for the liqui dation of the estate of Alexander Soutar. of Bundaberg, trading as Soutar and Co., hairdresser and. tobacconist; ■liabilities, £315 3g. 9d. A meeting of creditor* will be held at the offices of Messrs. Schacht and Cohen on the 19th November. In the Supreme Court last week, on the application of Mr. R. M. King, his Hon our Mr. Justice Real made absolute ibe judgment nisi given on the Ist April last for dissolution of the marriage between plaintiff and the defendant in the divorce suit Ohmau v. Ohman. In the list of members of the Executive Council of Queensland portrayed In the illustration of the Council Chamber last week the Hon. R. Philp was wrongly called Minister for Railways, Mines, and Works. The Hon. D. H. Dalrymple holds the portfolio of Works as well as that of Education. In summing up the results or a visit to the Gre«nmount district, the representative of the " D. D. Qasette" says :—We went to Greenmount under the impression that the wheat crop was an almost total failure, and left it satisfied that the harvest this year will very much exceed that of the previous year, and that throughout the' district the crops In most instances rank from very good to fair. A report from Canada by the R.M.B. War rimoo states (says the "8. D. Telegraph") that Information has been received at Vancouver that Messrs. Gray, Dawes, and Co., of London, the manager* of the British- India Steam Navigation Company, have ar ranged to put on a line of steamers be tween New Zealand and Vancouver, and that the Aronca.. the first vessel, will leave for Vancouver shortly. The Railway Commissioner has ac cepted the tender of O. A. Bauntber, amounting to £1383 Is. 3d., for the erec tion of a shed at the market sldlnge, Roma-street. A very large quantity of produce is daily unloaded at these sidings, and the erection of the shed has been rendered very necessary in order to protect the produce from being dam aged by thunderstorms. Mr. N. Tooth, member for the Burrum, Informs us (" Maryborough Chronicle") that a definite arrangement has been made with the contractors for the Pialba Rail way, Messrs. M'Ardle and Thompson, to open the railway for passenger traffic to the beach in the middle of December. The station buildings may not be completed then, but the permanent way will be ready for traffic by that date. % Mr. W. Finucane, who has been ap pointed by the Government to visit Italy and other countries of Southern Europe, In the interests of Queensland t reducers, left on Saturday for a few weeks' tour in the North in order to make himself ac quainted with latest developments there. He will particularly inquire into the work being done by Italian, Danish, and other settlers from foreign countries. Proceedings have been taken for the liqui dation of the estates of the following :— Arthur H. Shaw, of Brisbane, merchant, liabilities £17,460 18s. 4d., meeting at the office of Mr. T. O'Sulllvan on 17th Novem ber ; Robert H. Taylor, #f Brisbane, mer chant, liabilities £9250 10s. 3d., meeting at the office of Mr. A. Down on 20th November; and Christian Pedersen, of Warwick, boot maker, liabilities £415 17s. 9d., meeting at the office of Bernays and Osborne on 23rd November. The Legislative Assembly, on meeting on Wednesday, resolved that in the absence of Mr. Ann«ar, Mr. Groom take the chair as Chrairmkn of Committees. Mr. Groom, on doing so, was received with expressions of approval from members on his left, and Mr. Glassey, addressing -him on the first item dealt with in Supply, congratulated him on the posltlo» he occupied, and said that, expressing his own feelings, he hoped at nb distant date Mr. Groom might occupy a. more elevated position in the Chamber. The new bridge over Myall Creek at Dalby In expected to be completed in a week's or ten days' time, and will be ready for traffic when the Municipal Council there bas built up the approaches. The new bridge Is a seven-span timber structure, 227 ft in length, and the contract price Is £980. The bridge over the Thomson River at Long reach will, it Is expected, be completed in six weeks' time. .This is also a wooden structure of seven spans, and 253 ft. 'n length, the contract price being £2300. The Works Department has accepted the following tenders : —Repairs and Improve ments to Customs buildings, Bowen : C. Chiffons, £87 10s. Repairs and painting Customs buildings, Port Douglas : Doyle and Gilbert, £217 10s. New stables and bathroom, police station, Halifax : Doyle and Gilbert, £101. Trackers' hut. stab les, Ac, police station, Ravenswood Junc tion : Doyle and Gilbert, £99 10s. Paint ing and kalsomlnlng at the Hospital for the Insane. Toowbomba: G. W. Westwood, • 10a # Respecting the outbreak of fever and pneumonia among the Kanakas employed on' the Orange plantation, which resulted fatally in several cases, we (" Bundaborg Star") understand that the Immigration De partment, on the report of the inspeoting officer, condemned the building occupied as sleeping quarters by the " boys," and also the site. The whole of the Kanakas em ployed have now.been removed to Sherwood, where they wilt be boarded out for a time; until fresh quarters have been erected .!or them on what is thought will be a more healthy cite. -. For the information of those who have not noted the change in the law, attention may be drawn to the fact that under the Bills of Sale Act Amendment Act, which came Into operation on the 12th October, it is not necessary to renew bills of sale for a period of three years after the date of the last renewal or registration. Under the old Act instruments of this nature had to be reregistered every twelve months, and many interested persons, forgetting or ignorant of the change in the period, have lately been presenting their bills or sale unnecessarily for reregistration. With reference to the telegram from our Cunnamulla correspondent appearing in last week's issue, and stating that Mr. George Phillips, the commissioner appointed by the Government to inspect and report on the suitability of the country around there for putting down Government bores, was understood to be eventually proceeding to St., George to investigate and report on the proposed railway route to St. George, we learn, on inquiry from the Minister for Railways, that his department has not in structed Mr. Phillips to make any inspec tion of, or report on, any of the routes. The Brisbane branch of Dalgety and Co., Limited, have received the following cable from their London house :—The company, after making duj allowance for contin gencies, purpose declaring a dividend of 4s. per share, being at the rate of 8 per rent per annum, and making, with interim divi dend already declared and paid, 8 per cont per annum for the twelve months. The net profits are £93,865. They carry forward a balance of £13,365, and the reserve fund remains at £137,000, which is invested in Consols. The annual meeting of the share holders of the company takes place on the 10th November. Mr- Archibald Meston, who is engaged in reporting to the Government on the protec tion of the aboriginals in the colony gene rally, returned on Monday from Mary borough, where he has been examining all the coast of Fraser Island, Hervey Bay, and Sandy Island, as far as Insklp Point, for a suitable locality fpr a station to accom modate the blacks from around Mary borough and other coastal blacks. Mr. Meston will probably recommend one site to the Home Secretary *■ a suitable spot for such a station, and possessing the necessary , advantages of soil, water, and fishing, and altogether a situation which will be con genial to the aboriginals themselves. The Minister for Lands on Wednesday gavo notice of his intention to Introduce a bill to amend and consolidate the Rabbit Acts. Under the present Act, rabbit boards are authorised to provide netting to private owners, subject to a charge of 5 per cent for inteie&t; on the cost, but there is no provision specifying where the boards tre to get the netting from, and the Govern ment has not authority to provide the boards with netting. It Is understood that the new bill will meet this difficulty, and that the Minister will probably be author- • iscd to provide the netting, the charge to be borne by the Crown, while the interest of 6 per cent will still remain payable to the boards. The following tenders were opened at the office of the Railway Commissioner on Tuesday :—Construction of ten new cattle waggons, class X, Southern division: James Frost, Queensland Carriage Company (Nun dah). and Phoenix Engineering Company. The lowest tender was that of James Frost the amount being £978 16s. - Construction of cattle yards at Curra: D. Carew £H3 "■•. ,9d- P^e luggage barrows, Southern division: Phoenix Engineering Company and A. M'Lean. The lowest tender was that of the Phoenix Engineering Company, .he amount being £32 10s. The Railway Com missioner has accepted the tender of tin Queensland Carriage Company, Nundab, for the construction of 100 class H eight wheeled goods waggons. The amount of the tender is £7168 6s. Bd. «!!£ fo"owing *re tne »*• *t which en gagements have been made during the cur rent week at Marsh's Agency, Brisbane •- Governesses, £«0 to £40 per annum • mir •ery-goyernesses, £30 to £20 ; mothers' helps, £25 to £20 ; married couples £75 to £50; barmaids, 255. to 15s. weekly • housekeepers, 20s. to 10s.; cooks, 255. to 145.; cook-laundresseß, 20s. to 125.; laun dresses, 20s. to 125.; house-parlourmaids, 16s. to 10s.; house-laundrymaids, 18s. to 155.; housemaid- waitresses, 20s. to 10s.: nurse-needlewomen, 15s. to 10s.; general servants, 16s. to Bs.; girls to assist, 7s to 65.; nursegirls, Cs. to 45.; cooks (men); 40s. to 205.; kitch.enm.en, 16s. to 125.; boots, 15s. to 125.: farm hands, 15s. to 125.; station lads, 10s.; groom-gardeners, 20s. to 155.; grooms and useful, 15s. to 125.; young grooms, I 0«. to Bs.; station hands, 20s. to 155.; usefulboys, ss. to 4s. Hongkong papers to hand by the last mall contain particulars of the drowning on the 18th September last of Captain Henry B. Lang, of H.M.S. Narcissus, and who for merly commanded H.M.S. Tauranga, of the Australian Squadron. The captain, an officer of marines, a midshipman, and six ' men were returning from a fishing expedi tion near Grossevltcha, which Is on the Fish River, Gulf of Tartary. A very strong easterly wind was blowing, and the captain, before reaching the bar, decided to wait in smooth water until the storm abat*ed, but the current carried the boat dqwn the river, and just as the bar was crossed she was capsized by a squall. The accident was witnessed from the Narcissus, which was about a mile away, and the first lieutenant and several men at once put off and effected the rescue of the officer of marines, the mid shipman, the coxswain, and two seamen, but Captain Lang -and three seamen were drowned. Only two bodies, those of sea-' aien, were recovered. •...-«._. _. Mr.' Morrlsby, the Land Commissioner at Bundaberg, who Is at present acting ai travelling Inspecting Land Commissioner, has forwarded to the Minister for Lands his reports on three offices —Ooondiwlndi, Ingle wood, and Texas. Mr. Morrisby'B duties as an Inspecting commissioner of the various land agents.' offices, apart from the financial inspections made by the Auditor- General's Department, are to supervise the performance of the duties of the different land agents and instruct them in the methods of keeping their records, and to have everything ready so as to be able to promptly supply every information likely to be required by intending settlers. Re porting on the Inglewood office, he states that the premises used as the land agent's office are totally unsuitable, and in a tumble-down condition. With the excep tion of this small matter, he reports very favourably on all the offices he has so far visited. During his trip he is collecting information with reference to the desira bility of establishing large districts, to be under the control of one land agent and several acting land agents, and will In due course roport to the Minister on the sub ject. A deputation of members of the Yeerong pilly, Waterford, and Tambourine divisional boards was introduced to the Home Secre tary laßt week by Mr. Stodart, M.L.A., Mr. Collins, M.L.A., being also present. The subject matter had reference to the con struction of a low-level wooden bridge over the Logan River at Logan Village. It was stated that various Ministers for Works had promised assistance) In the erection of the structure during the past thirteen years, and that Mr. Philp had expressed his will ingness to contribute one-half the cost of building a bridge not to excoed an ex penditure of £1000. Some difficulty had been experienced in getting the three boards interested to agree among them selves ns to tlio share each should bear of the £500 to be contributed by them; but tho mattor had been settled satisfactorily, Yeerongpilly, the district that would bene fit most, bnving decided to bear one-half, and the other two each one-fourth. Mr. Tozer stilted that the promise made by Mr. Philp would be carried out. He advised the boards to come to some agreement as to the maintenance of the bridge after its erection. It was explained by the deputa tion that application would be made to the Government to lend the money. 