CUBBENT TOPICS. No fewer than 12,000 applications were received in London from men anxious to serve" as police In Rhodesia. The ehahces are the vast majority of these applicants were young men, and most of them "educated" — that is to say, mem bers of the middle and upper-middle classes — some of the hordes of young England who will not dig, arid are as hamed to beg, but often develop a very pretty talent for fighting.. The son's of English naval and military men and of clergymen brought up at expensive pub lic schools, and who, when their costly and often useless education is complete, have no visible means of support save what their parents and guardians afford, and no profession or calling, are always on the look-out for chances to adopt a semi-military career, and itch for an opportunity to slay "niggers" in some part of her Majesty's dominions. The truth is, despite the fact that' certain scions of the British aristocracy have of late years employed their capital in and soiled their hands with trade, young England, or suoh portion of it as goes to Rugby, Harrow, Eton and other of the leading public schools, views commerce with considerable contempt and regards all honest and conventional industry as "ungentlemanly." This, perhaps, is one of the effects of heredity— the influence of the blood of Norman freebooters, Danish pirates and other undesirable immigrants. Young England is, indeed, by instinct and education a fighting animal, and if Great Britain is to re tain a vestige of her old supremacy, it is as well perhaps that it should be so. To do these young men justice they have proved their combativencss, pluck, and endurance on many fields. There were no better soldiers in the Crimea than the dandies of Fall Mall. But the canker of a long peace has prevented thousands of pugnacious young Britons from find ing congenial occupation, while rigid competitive examinations have barred the army to many who boast brawn but not brains. This was so freely recog nised afew years ago that it was seri ously proposed to raise a corps of "gentlemen." Such a corps would pos sibly be a failure; nevertheless it must be highly satisfactory to the Imperial military authorities to know they can place their hands on a nice little brigade of 12,000 ' well- fed, athletic young ' men for African service when they want them. The Em peror of. Germany will find food for thought in this latter fact. Lady Glasgow, wife of the Governor of New Zealand, is alleged to be suffer ing from pneumonia. There is always a certain amount of mystery and a slight uncertainty about medical termi nology. In the British army it used to be said that all soldiers died from pneumonia, even though to the unini tiated they appeared to die from broken neck or gunshot wounds. The chances are poor Lady Glasgow's pneumonia is merely a euplionism for typhoid fever, Which, owing to infamous drainage, - is always more or less in evidence in Wel lington, New Zealand's capital city. There has ever been something, more than a suspicion .of typhoid in connec tion with Government House, Welling ton. More than one member of Lord Onslow's family (vas stricken with tho disease, and, thereafter, Lord Onslow gave his evil-smelling official residence as wide a bertli as he could, to the in tense disgust of the Wellingtonians, who seemed to imagine that the plea sure of their society was ample com pensation for any little risks of death I tlielr Governor might run. True, after the outbreak of typhoid among the vice regal 'party the drains of Government House were rooted up and elaborately tinkered with, but there remained at one cornet of the grounds — a cbrner passed each day of the session by the - entire representatives of Maorlland, j who seemed to sniff- the efflUvlum with enjoyment— a drain which gave forth' a most terrible 'arid deadly smell. It is gteatly , to be feared that this or some other drain, and not. pneumonia, may be the cause of Lidy Glasgow's indisposi tion, In either case, ail who know this most popular and kiridiy lady will Join, in- the. hope that she riiay speedily re cover frorii her illness, Whatever its true nature or cause. Geririan military honour apparently demands that, Vshouid a civilian acci dentally touch the chair of an officer and refuse to apologise when angrily ordered so to do the . civilian must be followed and. killed. Not followed and ihvlted to take such chance of life as is- open to a person unskilledln the use of . arms when he encounters an expert, but chased up a passage and assassinated. When this heroic deed is completed German military honour is apparently made clean, and is satis- fled. Little now remains save to round off the transaction by propitiating the honour of the German people and hang ing the assassin. Going to first cause's we must, however, blame the military despotism under which Germany groans, the despotism which certainly made her a nation, but which has un fortunately turned large numbers of hor sons into armed swashbucklers. It is passing strange that one of the. best, if not the best, educated people on earth should be given over, hand and foot, to the military idea as the Germans are; But the fact tliat they are dominated with the idea that the best use to which a man can be put is to' kill or to be killed sufficiently accounts for some re cent exhibitions of. Jingoism which Ger many has given, and for the apparent desire of many Germans to engage in war on the first opportunity - offering. Unfortunately this spirit is encouraged rather than wisely checked by the very indiscreet young man who ostensibly rules- the Germans.. But, with all Ger many's rather blatant martlal-mlnded- ness, it. does riot at all follow that she is as ready for, war,. or enjoys the high condition of warlike training, as when her Uhlans, a quarter of a century ago, rode into Paris.' . It is almost impossible to take up a newspaper without seeing the account of ah accident— often more than one- caused either by mishandling firearms or tairiperlng with explosives. As the riiajority of the sufferers are boys or youths, and as it would be practically impossible to prevent the Australian youth enjoying the' use of something that goes off with a loud bang— whether a, gun or a lump of dynamite— it would not be altogether , a waste of time were he taught in 'the State schools some thing concerning the handling of fire arms and the nature of explosives. At the present ' moment the educational authorities decree that our children should encumber . their Immature brains With a. vast amount of useful lore, and it would surely be quite possible to teach, them a few lessons in the art of self-preservation. Boys are, always have been, and will ever continue to be,, sublimely careless, but much of su£h carelessness really proceeds from want of knowledge. '-Where there is no sense, there is no feeling," runs the vul gar, but perfectly true, adage. As the State assumes the education of the young the least the State can do is to prevent the rising generation, as far as Is practical, from blowing itself to pieces ' owing to a mistaken idea that gunpowder, dynamite, and nitro-gly- cerine are only dangerous to the lower and noxious order or animals, in which category the average Australian boy does not seemingly include himself. : In the absence of further and more precise information the action of the Government of Cape Colony in sending 750 additional police to prevent the rinderpest -being brought into the co lony, is, unfortunately, suggestive of the precautions said to have been taken by the wise men of a certain Cornish village, who were alleged to have stretched fishing-nets around the place to keep the cholera out. That 750 addi tional police might assist to prevent cattle being brought across the Orange River Is reasonable. That that num ber, or ten times the number, of police could prevent the infectious germs— because rinderpest is undoubtedly a matter of germs — being wafted over the river into Cape Colony is most decid edly an unreasonable supposition. It would be interesting to .learn what means the police are instructed to take, with a view of identifying a. rinderpest germ' when they see it, what method they are to employ for its capture, and what' they are to do with it when they have succeeded in arresting it. If the gaols .of Cape Colony are not of vastly Superior construction to some of those In New South Wales, it is to be feared that the bacteria will walk out of them whenever "they feel inclined for ampler freedom of movement. Of course, the svhqle muddle' may proceed from an error , in the wording' of the instructions issued : by the , authorities of Cape Colony. The Venezuela tangle appears at iength to be in a wa.y to unravel itself. Mr. Chamberlain! declares in favour of more .'.concession on the part of . Great Britain as a result of his inquiries in, America, and later. Sir .Edward Clark, an acknowledged authority, earnestly urges an immediate settlement, as "no honest arbitrator 'could give an award in favour of Great Britain upon the evidence before the Commission." These things throw a somewhat sinister light upon the methods of Imperial foreign policy. Great Britain's reason for refusing the arbitration pressed up on her by America was understood to be considerations of national honour. It now appears that her claims were dishonest. The situation is an igno minious one for Great Britain, and the sooner it Is ended as respectably as possible the better it will be for all con cerned. Authorities seem to agree that if the Republican party comes to power with this dispute unsettled the rela tions between Great Britain and Ame rica wlU be still more seriously en dangered. It seems clear enough that if England is ever again Involved in war it will be through that policy of "grab" which has caused her to be viewed with so much distrust by all the great, and so much fear by all tha little, Powers of tho earth, — " ' 