S..Ooloniatl Dairyl Produtoe \--0- Mafsse. W1bmxtL ANnD Co., London, roport on October Oth last as follows : ,3 Buttor. -Tho wet weather toontioned in our last report gradually increased in area and volume during the month of doptembor, until over the whole of the United King dom rain fell overy day for wooks, and farmers who had not been fortunate enough to gather in their harvest before doptombor began, have had no chance to do so since, The amount of rain as well as its continuoua fall, though diesstrous to ripened corn, has boon most bonetlcial to root crops and to the pastures, If an open winter oooure the large amount of autumn grass will make a most useful addition to the short supplies.of hay, while the incroeased weight of mangels, carrots and o her roots will assist the produ0tion of a larger supply of milk than was recently anticipated. The above conditions apply generally to the butter produemig countrieb 'of Europe as well as to the United Kingdom, The arrivals of Austrailan butter this season ate both later in point of time and iluch smaller in amount than they were last year, This is due to the late spring in the colonies, combined with such dry weathor that considorable alarm was felt.in Victor " as to a probable 'renewal of the drought, Happily the.plentiful rains that have falloh there recently have dispelled the. fears of the dairymen, and cable advices sieak of largo supllos ooming forward in the latter end of November and onwards, The rinderpest in South Africa combined with the large immigration of minors, &o.;, will divert a portion of Australian butter this season to the Cape. The increase of population in Western Australia will also somowhat allect supplies, but as it is prin. o!prlly a removal of butter consumore frout one part of Australia to another, the toial export will not be greatly reduced, At present it is estimated that there are about 400 tons afloat between Australasia and'londou, of which 40 tone are' from Now Zealand. The frat ehipmenutof about S0 tons from Viotoria is due on October I'lh, A. week later about 00 tons are ?ue from Australia and 20 tons from New Zealand, '"Thed o?'pnhigenqo' ubttion for DAnieh butter hias bten'rlsed' weok'by week siiicoe our last report and now stands at l17s which is 2s Od per owt above the corres., ponding week. oj ..last, year. It will be remembered thatl, daring last Ootoor ,tlid q1utit'!on rualied up from 10V to 183s, and ii' .outdmia days ell" to lUtSe, wuepg, It two lg 41 ` m a ý 9 t9. ls R hoped that the Copenhagen committee will ant more wisely this year, and not'rush up the values in such a manner as to again kill the temand, for a long period, for all kinds of hbtter. Pricefor chotleet Danish in "Loadl Iand the North of Eeglasui range fri n 120s to 124s, while finest roea lieso 112 to 118s. The ian.iores of butter during the month of September were 3300 tone in exeons of those in Seplomber last. Of this increase 1050 tone came from Denmark and sweden, and 1600 tons from America and Canada. The imports for the nine months ending September 30th were 9588 tons more than in t g same period of 1896, Of this increase 35t0 tons came from Don mark, 8500 from the United States, and 1080 tone from Canada. Ohoose.--Tho short make of choeese in America, Canada and Holland has become well known in ouch of those countries, and during September and the present mouth makers are endoavourmg to recover lost ground, though only a portion of the shortage can be made up, There arer some very optimistio views held by many agents as to the prices Now Zealand cheese will realise next season, but each opinions should be treated with reserve. Though prices will very probably be higher, it is too early yet to formulate any trustworthy forocast of values, The market for Canadian is firm, and prices range fron 40s to 81s, Last yelar at this date they were 30s to 40s, 