&í)t «#î.)ïiitrp iîfloriung: ïKralh. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 25, 1836. William Judgo (tho famous ooultiat), Lady Burton (authoress, nnd widow of Sir Richard Burton, tho eolobratcd African and Arabian traveller), Mr, Thomas Hughes, Q.O., author of "Tom Brown's Schooldays"), and Miss Chase (tho pioncor of femalo emigration), aro dead. Tho British expedition which is being despatched to tho Upper Nile number» 20,000 men, including throo British battalions and 3000 Bedouins. In tho first of tho recent attacks on tho Pass of I Zaberat, near Knssnla, tho dervishes lost 40 men, nnd their losses were heavier in tho following attacks. Tlirco thousand dervishes now threaten tho Pass. Tho town of Akashch, about 50 miles south of Wady Haifa, which was recently occupied by an Egyptian force, is being fortified. An attempt has bean made to lamo tho favourite for the Grand National Steeplechase, to bo run near Liverpool (England), on tho 27th instant, but fortunately tho horso escaped injury. Mr. Chamberlain states that tho assont of the Govornor of Malla to tho ordinance, imposing duties on imported frozen and fresh meat is sub- ject to tho Royal assent. He also states that ho is inquiring as to whether it is possiblo to make amendment» to meet the objections urged on behalf of Australia. Tho St. James* Vestry has decided to oxpend £10,000 in tlio purchase of karri, a timber of Western Australia, for tho purposo of paving Piccadilly. H.M.S. St. George, tho flagship on the Capo and Wc»t Africa station, is being fitted up to con- voy President Kruger to England. Tho Hollander portion of tho population at Pretoria is bitterly hostile to tho President's visit. In the course of an interview President Kruger is reported to have stated that he entertains tho best hopes of a satisfactory settlement being arrived at with Groat Britain, though ho admitted that tho position was involved. Much iutcrest is being displayed in tho annual boat raeo between tho Universities of Oxford nnd Cambridge, which «rill take placo on Saturday. Cnmbridge is a firm favourite. In the House of Commons on Monday the bill to nmond the Diseases of Animals Aet, 1894, was read tho »eoond timoby 294 to 95 votes. Sir Miohaol Hicks-Beach will dolivor tho Budget Speech in tho Houeo of Commons on 16th April. The Sultan of Turkey is much distressed at tho fact of England's having become estranged from Turkey. A conference on gambling wa» hold yesterday under tho auspices of the Council of tho Churches. Tho Primato presided, and in his oponing address expressed pleaiure at being amongst thoso who that day made a publio protest against the evil of gambling. Several gentlemen read papers in denunciation of tho evil, and these were followod by a confer onco on the subject. The results of the examination lately held at tho University of Sydney will be found else- where. News lins boon received at Adelaldo of the sudden death of Mr. Thomas Moroley, who bad charge of the prospecting party which started a few months ago from tho uorth oí Port Augusta <or Coolgardie. A serious landslip has occurred on tho bank of tho River Fitzroy at Rockhampton, endangering tho wharfs. ?? At a mooting of bankers, whioh was held in Brisbane yesterday, it was decided to reduce tho rates on fixed deposits 1} per oent. por annum for six months, and to 3 per cent, for 12 months. This brings tho'Queensland rates in a lino with thoso of other colonies. Mr. Moule, M.P., and Mr. Lovely, have eeeured 65,000 aorcs at Fosal Head, about ISO mile» from Port Darwin, where tho Government Geologist rooommende that a bore should bo put down {or coal. Tlioy have also taken up a pastoral losae of 18,000 squaro miles of oountry in tho south- western portion of tho Northorn Territory, with special right to search for minorais. At Adolaido the Customs duties last week «mounted to £21,257, as against £10,607 for tho corresponding poriod of last year. Yesterday afternoon tho body of an unknown man, aged about 30 yon.ru, waa found in tho Parramatta Park, eliot through tho hoart. A rovolver was grasped in his right hand. In regard to tho coal orisis at Nowoastlo, tho miuoowners gay that it is impossiblo, in viow of tho competition from Japan, to inorcaso tho bow- ing ruto of coal to 3s Gd. Mr. Cnrloy, secretary to tho Northern Minors' Association, states that it has been deeided that tho dologato board shall moot to-day, and tho result of tho ballot will bo laid before it. It will thou rest with that body to dooido what notion shall bo talton. Yesterday, at a mooting of tho Publio Works Committee, further ovidenco was taken in rogard to tho proposed Goorgo-streot railway. AU descriptions of stock romained firm in tho Stock and Shnro market yesterday, but very liltlo was offered. It'.ithor moro activity characterised tho Import market yesterday, nevertheless business has not reached its normal condition. Already orders aro being recoivod for first of tho month entry. At Darling Harbour yesterday 22 bales of wool wcro manifested. 4SS bales arrived coastwise, and 21 were roooived by rail at Newcastle on Monday. A moderato amount of business was transacted in tho Mining market yesterday. Block 10 uud Junction Stocks wcro stronger. Broken Hill Proprietary had a weaker tendenoy. Western Australian stocks had moro attention.. Tho Customs rcvenuo received yesterday amonntod to £4241. Our statement that hundreds of liberated French convicts havo found their way luther is only confirmed by further in- vestigation. When tests aro applied the truth of tho assortion is corroborated. Tho polico dcolaro that theso unsavoury gentry, who aro outcasts from thoir own country, whore they aro doomed unworthy to hold political rights, aro hore in largo numbors. It is no nnswor to say, as has been said, that escapees are arrested and sent back again to their reof-bound prison. This is out n small point in tho affair. It would bo just as convincing to roply to tho charge of gambling which is somotimos levelled against the people of this colony that at any rato tho totalisator has boon suppressed. Wo do not dony, nor do wo dosiro to undor-estiiuato tho assistanco that has boon given by tho French authorities in tho caso of escapees whoso sontoucos condomn thom to a lifolong rosidonco in Now Caledonia. It must bo admittod that thoy have always been willing to aid our poiico in romoving thoso pooplo from Sydney. The griovauco which wo niako public is of an ontiroly different nature . As will bo evident to anyone who considers tho oircumstancos, tho number of escapóos is comparatively small. Thoy havo to eludo tho vigilance of thoir guards, to find a boat, to risk tho porils of a sea voyage, ar/d to incur tho danger (as descriptions of thom aro telegraphed) of finding at the end that thoy aro mot at thoir landing-placo in Australia by the police. A goodly . number have certainly contrived to escapo and to cross tho soa safoly. But they havo not boon sufficient to cause any real alarm cither in this colony or in Quoonsland, which is still moro liable to tho unwolcorao invasion of fugi- tivo convicts. Thoy can bo dealt with under tho existing laws. Thov Australian polico, with tho holp of tho Fronoh authorities, can prevent tho escapóos from becoming a monaco to tho colonies. This is not the complaint, and tho circumstances must havo boon misundoritood if it woro thought that such an answer would bo considered Bntisfactory, It is said that hundreds of liborntod French convicts, whom the French autho- rities have no desiro to take back to New Culodonin, and who cannot bo dealt with under our laws, aro lurking about the stroots of Sydney and tho towns of Now South Wales. Owing to tho French systoru of transportation many cast-off nud roprobato and worthloss nativos of Franco find their way to our shores and bring thoir vices with thom. Thoy aro unacceptable citizons in their own county, and thoy aro, therefore, infinitely nioz-o undesirablo colonists hore. If they aro uufit to livo in thoir native land, there can bo no onrthly roason why this country should bo troubled by thora. And it is our well-founded griovanco that ( a friendly Power maintains a system which is a constant source of nnnoyanco to its neighbours, nnd which casts upon others a burdon that thoy have no right to boar. Thore has cortainly been soino talk in Pnris of abolishing tho transportation system, but nothing has yet boon dono to warrant tho belief that it will bo abandoned by the Fronch Government. Tho foromost economists of Franco have opposed it, mainlv on the ground that it is unnocos snrily expensive, and partly becauso it hinders gonuino sottlemout and colonisa- tion. Thoy have frequently pointed out that it would be far choapor to organiso a system of penal servitude in tho home prisons than to maintain tho costly ponai settlements abroad, which aro dignified with tho nBtno of colonios. Thoir words, however, soom lo have fallen on deaf oars. Thoro is no sontimont against transportation in Frauoo. It does not appoar to bo gono rally rocognieed amongst politicians as tho worst form of criminul punishment that has ever boon devised. The idea of the Fronch Government is apparently to i»ot its worst convicts out of the country, utterly regardless of the nnmoying consequonces that thoy may bring .to friends of Franco in other parts of the world. Tho facts can lead us to no other conclusion. AVhatovor may have boon said in the Chamber of Depu- ties or in diplomatic notes intended to answer tho protests of Australia, tho Fronch Government continues to send the vilest and most abandoned of its convicts to Now Caledonia. A certain proportion of thom who have served their term of imprisonment, nnd who cannot bo reached under the presont laws, como to our shores. And our grievance is that a system should bo maintained by a friendly Power under which auoh un- desirable immigration into the Australian colonies is possible. It is not a matter merely of dealing with escapees ; it is a question of preventing this influx of a criminal population whioh tho law at pro- sont is apparently powerless to stop. This being tho subjoot of disoussion, it was perhaps inadvisable to inform us that France desires the possession of the Now Hebrides. The establishment of tho dual control in these islands was the result of lone negotiations, in which tho olaims both of Groat Britain and tho French Eepublio were fully disoussed. Nothing has since happened in tho missionary, civilising, ana industrial history of the croup to give the Fronoh a stronger claim than thoy had at tho time whon the existing arrangement was made. Some of the colonies wooild certainly oppose the extension of a foreign Power ii our waters on political principle. But we aro not discussing thepoktical question. If the Now Hebrides were handed over to Franco wo can only infer that tho transportation systom would bo enlarged, and that another group of islands would bo sacrificed to it. Wo havo no reason to boliovo that if Franco obtained tho solo possession of tho Now Hobrides the con- victs would bo kept in New Calodonia. On the contrary, wo havo every right to assuma that convicts would bo sont to tho Now Hobrides. The evil, therefore, of which wo complain would only bo magnified. Room would bo found for moro convicts, and moro of thom would probably find thoir way to Sydnoy, which is the contro of the Island commorce. It must bo borno in mind in this connection that tho commu- nications aro being iniprovod almost ovory year, and that the chances of tho liboratod prisoners finding thoir way to Aus- tralia aro thoreforo greater. There is ono question that is worth considering in Now South Wales, especially in view of its oxpandiug trade with tho Islands, and that is, whether tho Legislature could not tako somo precautions ngaiust the immigration of criuiiuals. A law of tho kind oxists in tho neighbouring colony of Victoria. This, of course, would not bo a sufficient protection unless Quoonsland took tho samo moasuro, and ovon then the law might bo of ton eluded. Still, somo pre- cautions ogainst tho criminal invasion may woll bo'discussed, unless tho French authorities soon make up thoir minds to abolish transportation, which would bo tho only reasonable solution of the difficulty. _ Tho bill which has boon road a second timo in the House of Commons, to mako compulsory tho stamping of nil Austra- lian produce, ought to bo interesting to pur agricultural classes. If it proves nothing olso, it proves thnt tho British public is growing more and moro critical as to what it oats and drinks, and more insistent each year on knowing witera the hugo food sup- plies from abroad which flood its depots como from. And this tondoney is not un- reasonable, nor is it ono of which wo, as competitors in tho groat consuming contro of tho world, should havo much cause, in the long run, to complain. In theso day's of intonso commercial rivalry fow things aro permittod to stand ontiroly on thoir merits, and tho sham trade mark is as plentiful as tho sham trader. Success in any ono line inevitably produces a host of more or loss skilful plagiarists, and though imita- tion is doubtless tho sincorost form of flatlory it is by no moans a satis- factory foaturo in trade. A car caso of mutton from our Western district may command both favour aud prico in tho London markot, but that is scarcoly a reason why ovory raiser of sheop should pour his produco into Smith- field undor tho generic title of " Austra- lian mutton." ? A roso by any other name will smell as swoot, no doubt ; but a pound of Hamburg margarine ought not on that principio to bo thrust on tho guiloloss palates of tho English masses as Australian grassfed. Thoro is, of course, another sido to this quosrion, which it is vory incumbout on our osportors to tako to heart. This is a sido on which wo aro loss siuned against than sinning Our wares so fluctuate in quality that tho lowost as well as tho host qualities of foreign produco may bo choorfully palmod off as Australian. And this is no doubt tho raison d'etre of the recent inovo in the House of Commons. Wo may bo tolerably sure, in spite of Mr. Chamberlain's rocont andalmost oppressive regard for all things colonial, that tho Tories are not particularly oxorcisod in their minds as to whethor wo got all trade that should bo rightfully ours or whether others got it. In this, as in many other aspects, tho concorn of tho Imporial Parliament is on quite other grounds. It is, to put it plainly, whether our produce of inferior quality is to bo allowed to cornfe into tho English markot all unstamped and not to bo identified, and thoro pass as tho homo-grown article This is whero tho shoo pinches. Thoro havo not boon wanting in England of lato somo faint, far-off signs of tho rising of a spoctro long since thought to bo safely laid at rest. Tho farmor, it sooms to be thought in somo quarters, may bo given a sort of loft-handed protection, which, without alarming anyono, may con- solidate Ilodgo and his friends in por potual support of the Salisbury Govern- ment. It was proposed somo timo ago that Australian frozen moat should not bo allowed a plnco in tho British Army con- tracts, and we may bo 2>i"otty coi tain that this proposed labelling of all our produco is nnimatod by something tho samo sort of purpose. Tho protectionist is vory much tho same tho world ovor, and tho arguments of Mr. Lowthek (who is at tho hoad of tho inoipiont protectionist party) nnd his friands aro rather familiar to us. Thoy porcoivo that our frozon moat comos into England in largo quantities, and can thoro bo sold vory choaply, much moro so than the English article A porcontngo of this meat is of inforior quality, and ns most people, oven tho poorest, object to inforior moat, tho remedy is clear. Mako it compulsory that all Australian moat shall bo stampod and no ono will buy it. Something uko this sooms to bo the childliko faith of thoso who aro so keenly anxious that in futuro an Australian carcaso of mutton shall bo brandod. But whatovor tho motivos of tho movers in this matter may bo, wo ought not to bo losers but only gainers by their viows being put into practico. Thoir curses, if thoy aro intondod ns curses, ought to como back to us as blessings. It has boon the standing ropronoh of our ox port produce trade that its wnre3 nro want- ing in consistency. Inchoeso and butter and frozon moat wo still proceed moro as if wo wore amatours despatching boro andtherea consignment of waros than competitors who, in tho near future, are to disputo for an important sharo of tho English food supplies. Our shipments vary from vory good to very bad, nor doos it soom to bo porcoivod yet that in those times soiontifio grading and roliability form tho essonco of successful supply to a regular market. It is not, of courso, necessary or possible that all our different kinds of produce should bo of the very highest quality, for there aro many classes of customers to bo suited. But it is necessary, and it is quito possiblo that each particular supply for each class should bo kept up to a curtain, standard of quality. And this is precisely whore hitherto wo have often failed lameutably. Danish butter has boon pro- nounced by experts to be inferior to ours, and our natural advantages aro such that wo can praotioally produce with ease all the year round, whilst the Danish dairyman in the winter months must dovoto all his resources to keeping his cattle olivo. But tho Danish exporter has systematisod his industry, and gaugod his foreign markot with somothiug liko soientifio accuracy, so that he gets yearly hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of trade that should bo ours. It is tho same with our wine export. Infinitely botter and more wholesome than the vin ordinaire I of France and Spain as our wines are, we are yet unable to establish a footing at the great centres of consumption, simply because we have not thought it worth whilo to find out exactly what is wanted, and, finding it out, to supply tho domand. That this somowhat unintelligent stato of affairs will continuo, howovor, is not likoly, indood each year wo aro progressing from it. It is soen that moro and moro wo must depend upon our oxports of raw produco and food products, and when that necessity is fully grasped tho indisponsablonoss of a scientific conduct of tho trado will bo no loss apparont. And that consideration achieved, it will be anything but a hardship that all our mutton and butter and win« must bo stamped if wo so deal with our oxports that the stamp comes to bo accoptod as a hallmark of soundness and quality, in- stead of tho brand of inferiority which is perhaps intendod by tho movers in tho mattor. Thoro wero somo features of significance about the meoting of Civil sorvants tho other evening preparatory to tho formation of a Public Sorvico Association. A good deal of disquiet exists in tho ranks 'of tho Sorvico just now. The policy of rotrenchmont and reorganisation forced upon tho Government cannot bo carriod out without entailing changos and, of course, hardships in cortain cases. Tho fooling of uncertainty that quite naturally porvades tho Sorvico under those circumstancos is hardly ono to bo onvied by those outsido the circlo ; and it goeB without saying that the publio is not without sympathy for tlio victims of re- trenchment. Yot tho policy has boon forced on tho Legislature and loyally ac copted by tho Ministry, and as a mattor of policy it must bo carriod into offect. Tho mooting tho other evening frankly recognised that. In tho chairman's spoeoh it was acknowledged that tho measure was a good ono, and calcu- lated to confor bonefit on tho colony. Confidonco was oxprossod in tho com- position of the Board, and it was admittod that tho Sorvico required regulating, and that in tho courso of the natural operation of the Act it would bo found that tho services of somo Civil sorvants would not berequirod. It is satisfactory to soo that tho actuali- ties of tho position aro realised in this frank spirit, and this for tho sako of tho Civil servants thomsolvos. It gives a perfoctly fair and legitimate meaning to the othor expressions of opinion put forward by tho chairman, in which tho action proposed to bo takon by tho Association on behalf of its mombors was defined. No ono can reasonably object to this organisation within tho limitations the chairman sot down. That body is quito within its rights whon it endoavours, in no spirit of antagonism to public policy on this question or to tho oporation of the Act, to protect tho fair interests of its members and soo that no ono moots with injustice Nor can it bo blamed for aiming at im- proving tho Sorvico from within itsolf, and so co-operating with the Board. Still less can it bo condemned for wishing to assist those ofilcors who may bo " re- trenched" towards oarning a livelihood in some othor way. All these aro good aims, and union for sush purposes is warrant- able union ; and not tho less so because, as tho chairman of tho meoting put it, Civil sorvants havo nover boforo realisod the necessity for doing anything to protect thoir intorests. Yesterday tho Admiral favoured us with some account of. thjo cruise of a portion of his fleet in Now Zoaland wators, and to-day wo learn by tele- gram that tho Colonial Treasurer of that colony is looking forward to the timo whon it will have a float of its own. Whothor it is because Now Zoaland is doubtful of 'tho ability of tho existing fleet to dofond Australian shoros and its own as well, or whether this desire to sot up a fleet of its own is duo to a wish to soparato tho colony as far as possible from tho conti- nent, does not appear from the roport which' has roachod us. But it is quito obvious that for tho colony, to put its hand into its pocket and increase its public indebtedness by providing ships for its own protection is quito a difforont thing from uniting with tho other Austral- asian colonies for federal dofouco pur- poses. Wo havo rocoivod no very groat encouragomont from Now Zealand politi- cians to dopend on thom to help in making federation an accomplished fact, and so far as tho movomont now going on is concerned wo havo beon constrainod to procood without thom. Truo, tho colony sont us tliroo delegates to tho Con- vention in 1891, but that is fivo yoars ago, and whatever appreciation of tho principle oxistod then has ap- parently woakoned considerably since that time. If wo aro to tako thoso uttorancos of tho Colonial Troosuror nbout a fleet seriously, indeed, it would almost soom ns if Now Zoaland had determined to hold aloof from federation altogether, and oven from a Bohomo of föderal dofonco. Tho other day in Queens- land tho Attornoy- Gonornl also spoko in opposition to federation, though it is true that ho thought fodoral dotonoo could bo compassed without going any furthor. So that we havo now two Ministrios speaking practically in opposition to federation. The Attorney-General of Queensland has siuoo boon dofoatod at tho polls. It can hardly bo said, thoroforo, that his colony has endorsed his expression of opinion. Tnt Consul Gbneuai ion Tbanoe -M Biard d'Aunot, *he Con°ul-Goueral for Tronco, intends to loa\o Sydnoy by the Australien next month for a «sit Trance His trip 1» partly on poraounl as well as on oflicial buBineis MrMSTiiim. Tbun -On Snturdiy tho Colonial Secretar}, Sir J N Brunker, and tho Minister for Works, Mr J H Young, intend goin,r to Swanson to soo tho harbour w orks at Lako Mnc qimno Thoy will thou go on to Belmont Tho trip is being undertaken as tho result of an in i itation from the local readouts The Ni w .Tubiioes op the Place -It ti ns oxpeoted tlint tho new justices of tho penco would bo appointed at the mooting of tho Cabinot mid Executive held j esterday, but timo did not permit of this being done 1 ho list i» so long that it is probable a special meeting will bo hold to deal with the names DEPUTATION TO THE MINISTER FOE WOEKS - At 2 o'clock this afternoon tho Minister for Works will rocen o a deputation from the Maitland Municipal Council in rogard to tho outting aw aj of M Dougall'» Point Tire PnorosfcD Alteeatiov of the Balmain Eiectobai Bobndabies -Last night the proposal of tho Electoral Commissionois to deal with tho Balmain electorates wua undor tho consideration of the Balmain Corindi, nnd a motion dealing with tho proposal waa moved by Aldormau H B gwftU|_« That tins council request tho Mayor to call a public mooting of tho electors of Balmain at an early dato to protest against any of tho Bal mam electorates boing included in any other olootorato, as proposed by tho Commissioners " The motion was carried unanimously Deputation to the Railway Commssionebs - Yosterday tbo Railway Commissioners received a deputation from residents of Auburn, who asked that a subway should be oonBtruoted at tho Auburn railway station, tho present practice of crossing the lino bomj dangorous The Commis- sioners, in reply, said tho construction of a sub- way would cost a good deal of monoy, and thoy oould not soe their way to grant the request of the deputation. Thoy would, howover, agree to erect an overhead bndgo to connect i ^B forms This would obviato tho à A^LW complaint was mado O ÀMMM Mail Swumem -A cabio to MJ,1'?"'! ^^| Parker, and Co states that tta a hWeSBBBsl traban lino steamship Wnrnmodlerrag a/H^H oouvcr from Sydnoy on Sunday W?i«IH ndvnuoo of contract date Llsowhero ar ^M liata of passengers by tho Trench and Gi ^ mail steamors timed to sail to day Tho Arma^sJ Boluc, in the Messageries line, has eloao uno« um passengers, inclusivo of thosobookedthrouSf,T Noumea for Marseilles At tin, port the ¿-Z has shared liberally m the iZï for accommodation In the Ust f Sydney are Mr O Malloy-CUrke T Lassetter, Mr Chapman, Mr T M Dar"»»,ii Mr and Mr* M'Artlmr, Mr and ¿» K^ Mr Blundell Trorn Noumea there areaS and Mrs Genevois uud family, LicutaZ AUouaid, Captain and Mrs Gamier, Dr Cn» pire and Dr Thorpe By the fcomdrataln Llojd hnor Darmstadt tho proportion of "J! seagers for Southampton is very large As men turned j cstorday the Darmstadt has booked lol Tho demand by her for onbins has siy tho awnt« boon so brisk that some of tho officers' roon, «J allotted to passengers But this probably nnnli« onlv to tho pressure for berths for the intercolonial ports A wire from Queenscliff gives tha de parlmo of tho P and O Companj 's Himalar« fñ Sydney at G 40 p ni j estcrday This steamer hu just delncred tho English mails m Adeloidoin 29 5"V J,n i]"i H'T»1»)'»'« list of passenger, fa bjdnoy from London nro Mr und Mrs Faithfull | and familj Dr Clune, Lioutenant Colonel A. A Gardner, Lieutenant B Barttelot, and Ltentsnint R C Colquhoun Irani Bnndisi thora ate Mr nnd Mrs Hajg-ird, Mr and Mrs Hoffnung 1fr Hnubury Davies and from Colombo tho Hon. Captain T G Egerton London Passknoebs foe Cooloaudiï -In % report of the pissago of tho P and 0 Iran Himnlnyn, duo boro tomorrow, it u menoctied that 50 of tho saloon passengers disembarked it Albany for tho goldfields lho official passenger i list of the Himalaja to hand shows that nuajol theso passengers aro merely i isitors to Coolgardie on their wav- SDmo to Tnsmnum others toSe» Zealand, and a number for Sydnoy That t mod many capitalists aro being attracted to fl» wostern LI Dorado is otident in tho fact that th» Hunaluya had 13 saloon passengers booked direct. Of thoso who took passage at London for Sjdoer but who loft tho ship at Albany, were Cintain and Mrs Robertson Mr and Mrs Mormon, and family, Viscount Avonmore, Mr J Lund JJ, V Satgo, Mr and Mrs T R Byasse Mr C A. Garden, Mr nnre, and one or taropumcen who joined the ship at Colombo for Sj-dnej Nfw Mehhees of the Watbe ahd Skwbub Boajid -The now members of tho Vftia ni Sewerago Board woro sworn in at the meeting 0f tho Executive Council j esterday morning Royal AaniouLnrnAL Society -The boolla m connection with tho forthcoming Easter show were sold at auction by Gooroo Kiss and ¡Jons ra the showgrounds yesterday nftcrnoon, m tis presonco of a large number of penons who »a« interested in their sale Tho bidding fot the different booths wis spirited and the total amount realised v, as £551 Tho banquet »a mittco lins mado somo alterations with respect to tho gallery i isitors on tho occasion of tho banquet in tho Centennial Hall Instead of the holden of compbmentarv tickets being confined to tie southern gallery, as originally arranged, they will havo access to nil tho galleries cicophng the western end of tho southern gallery, which ¡1 resorved for distinguished lodj visitors He public will bo admitted to tho northern giller/ only Castle Hilt AoBictn/rtmAL Show-At » meeting of tho Castlo Hill Agricultural Society, held on Monday ei ening, a reply wa» received from tho Premier stating that ho could not »ttend to open tho show ns ho had a prior engagement out of town It was then proposed that Mr Lyne be asked to open the show Mr Garrard» name wai also mentioned, but tile noting proiedinfavour of inviting tho leader of the Opposition The tTN-LJiTLOYED -Hie loaders of the un omploycd agitation had mide arrangement« lo mircb their followers m a procession, headed by a banner, to tho Association Cncket Ground j csterday morning, for tho purpose of parading their destitute! condition beforo tho member« of tia intercolonial Parliamentary cnolettng teams bat for somo reason they considered it advisable it tho last moment to abandon tho proposal In hen of this demonstration a meeting was held st Jis Queen's Statuo in tho afternoon, when speeches of tho usual charactei were delivered The at tendanco w as not large CoirrLiLiENTAiti. Ticnio - Yesterday tho employees of Messrs "Wright and Abbott (Lake sido Woolecouring Works) nnd Swinburne and Stopheu, of Botanv, joined in a comphmentarj picnio to the heads of their respectivo fitms The outing took placo at Manly There were present, among others, Messrs Swiuburno, Stephen, H Wright, Abbott, and Joseih Abbott At tho luncheon spccohcs of a cempUmentuy nnturo wcro modo both by employer« and omplojeos Mr Josopli Abbott, si » visitor, impressed upou thoso present tho im- portance of Keeping up good relation« between emplojers and employed, and as odo connected with tho trade sold that it was only by turninr out good work that business of tins nnturo could bo made a success Ho also said that »hile gatherings of this nature took plnce industml disputes would bo unknown Several of til employees spoko in Uio samo strain, and ti) mutual trust displaj ed hy tho donors of tho pim« nnd tlioir guests was tho pleasing feature of til gnthoring New Music -Mr Sydney Hoben'« " An Maria " (Messrs Aschcrberg nnd Co, Londoo|i which is now before u«, discloses a parlicnhrlf alluring melodi, wann, jot devotional In its chnraoter, and it is throughout vocally effective A musiciauly ncconipaniincnt nod good TOUn obbhgato contribute to nu impressive ímcdUí Messrs Weekes and Co, of London, forwird sumplo numbers of " An English Scries of Onguil Snugs," edited by Courtonay Galo and Chirit» Speer Tho titles aro red-lettored, the pnntuigii remarkably clear Dr Villiers Stanfords ' 0. Tondost and Truest" is a tender eong ia »?» tho simple charm of somo old fashioned hiUidcl Purcoira day has boon happily caugfci "«» that must Tlamo " is a setting by Sir A U Mackou/io of poetical verso by Kolwrt Bndgtt Tho offocts again linio a quaint °ld-T81T! flavour, but tho musio is complet, and i» M«««**1 to cultivated hstcnors An expresare vocal ir* and an accompaniment rendered by a pmmt W" a solid olnssio motliod, aro needed todojastioeW Tiro that must Tlame " Arthur SomertcU i "I Lo. o Uor" is a graceful, neatly mt« song, with a faint flavour of the Ort»* composers about it winch gives it <*?» Messrs Nicholson and Co forward a new patriotic song, " Dear Mother Enislsud, sax* fully introduced in » Tho Shop Girl «t t» London Gniotj riioatro duruy thol" war scare The verses hy Mr Clement Scott, with tho linos ' A kui"" » Luglnnd s Queen, the greatest c< cr sec», «><*« for old Engl in 1 and Viotona," aro common pUti doggerel, but Air J M Coward's mum is «I»T! and tho w bolo forms a suitablo popularsm A Tali ihom a M.ikc^t-A "iilUovn»¿ Roben Grant, who resides in to«^** Pirmont.was taken to the Sjdncj ItopiWj» tcrday Bullering from an injur) tohu bert,«» result of 1m ing faUen from his delivery ort AccmrNf om the Iiumune-Aman J"»«J Georgo W Hanna, who resides «* *?*££ whilst alighting from a tra... at tho En»lit* minus on Monday, and fractured h» »«W two places Ho w is removed lo the kostera Suburbs Cottngo Hospital Maouibeui. iNQumi at Noon. Sn.«t-* the North Shore Hospital yesterd»/^' Coroner, Mr J C Woore, T J?, hold .-J» tenal inquiry into the «T^^Jyo-Í tlio death of a chili named Lisio Win"re4 'o<°* who died in the institution on Mond J » Kjngdon gave f-*¿\\\ , juries received, which he stanw " compound depressed fracture of tho fa»*<» Trom tho evidence of Charles Anderson itiflgj that the deceased and another Cid were *n » innvacantallotmout of ground when » (j horse coming down Milson street at i » >t turned into theaUot.uo.it and, .*»*£, " dron.jumpcd over them, strang tho tecW tho forehead with it» hind foot The w entered a finding of death from injune» ««« tally received _i."i,mo1 the m5 winch occurred at 1 »£«*£**>* mornuig m Mary street, Surry W» ",, was reported in yesterday's l^'J^T ^«A inmates of tho establishment *«**£%. with thou lives When the «_££,* covered the shop (a grocery estab«te«. ^ on by Mr J II G^Ö2lcl»t«« destrojod, and tho flames bad P«"^Q Jfo. a dooi opening on to the stair«i J* " Gallagher and their children oconpea n»»^ tho first floor, to which tho «Um«^ "pt. family woro ni imminent danger w Í¡, ed, and somo fame elapsed bsforo d bo awakened The promptitude dova» of «io Stnndard Brewery pro iitalily The Volunteer Company con 1, tho brewery were also early upon tho ,e shop and contents were, decoyed roods stored m the front port.T of the were damaged Mr J B Tallon, of ," the owner of tho promises Tho con o 1, op were insured, n the City Mutual . "teflï ThoMTB under Supennten Ä and ¿eputy-Supcnntondent Webb at toded the fire to WO0.LO05IO0LOO Mystfey-Daud Rea, l" received a fracture of tho skull while in Ï «¡ti,, stroot. Woolloomooloo, somo timo ago, Äcn ly revered jestcrday to icmovo for Í7f soi omi weeks to the Convalescent Hos ÏÏ t CaX Boa is still unable to »uko a gar étalement as to how bo reccnod his m 'Ttatal Eesult or a Tall feo* a Scaf Jn-Tho workman Henry Dru.tt, who on M ndav fell from a scaffolding at tho new theatre ffibomg ereaed by Mr George Adams in Jj street, became worse at the Sjdnoj Hosp.t.a merdai, uni between "and S o'clock d.ed It Aught ho recmod .nternal mjunes in addition to tho wound on Ins head Tsnw Watte in Meliiouene -A startling fflustmliou of the fllthine« of Bomo eily"water ¡££, has hoc. p.owded (»aje tho Melbourne j«.bvnn cvponncnt made wit!, the Geelong Sr on 1st 2nd, and 3rd Tobruary, with a now "ntmauce known ns Stephenson'*, automatic cyhnder rotar) water strainer This invention ia to somo extent a Bubstituto for a filter bed, and nr Ores«« eil has a high estimato of its yuluo A stream of water is tuinol on to a long cjlinder fitted with «oats liko a wat« wheel, and as tho wheel roi olí os the «water cicapes through n .trainer of fine wiro g »i/o at tho bottom of the sluice Brushes fired to tho whcol »weep tho refuse awav and keep the strainer clean Tho tall w»« made for 4b hours, during which timo 2 675 000 gallons of tho o.nakio supply v ns passed through tbo strainer A largo tub Ml of animal and vcgotablo refuso w na taken out Tho « eight of tho w c1 refuso was 81 iib On anal) sifl hy Mr Blacket ltjieldcd over 101b dr), solid organic matter, and a lillie over 21b of inoigauiomattor, the orgamo mutter thus forming 23 0 per cent of the weight of tho ref uso which was (.aught on ,ts w») for tho Geelpng people to drink A great variety of animal lifowas repres-ulcd-spiders, hectic«, centipede«, small fish, n rat, and n large amount of rat and rabbit dun,' Dr Grcsswoll has » glass Jin eonti ming a hideous black mass taken from this accumulation of refuse The water separated from the ref uno was brown- blaik, with a strong odour of ciical) ptu-., and contained Ml grams per gallon of solid icsiduo (organic and volatile), and 187 ¿rams of fixed residuo, besides other foioign cloinents, includingchloiides, sulphate», and caruointes lhere w oro also traces of ammonia Tho results aro described bj Dr Gresswell as natural to opon catchments "where there is no filtration, and ho btionglj urges tho adoption of some pioecss of slraiLing, which l8 conspicuousl) neglected in this eolonj Dr Grcsswoll hoi a píceo of 3ra -iron pipe from the JMbcnme sei nee, showing tho pipe compete]} choked by an accumulation of solidified foroign Ditter _ Alderman Ninian M. Thomson, of North Sydney, who is leaving for Europe by the Armand Behle was, on Monday night, the guest of some of his friends at the Australia Hotel. Among the company were Messrs. D. Thomson, M.L.A., D. Carment, J. Wildridge, E. J. Smith, Captain Green, Robert Anderson, T. O. Morland, W. K. Houston, J. B. Thomson, D. H. Armstrong, Dr. Robertson, Sydney Moss, and A. Turnbull. It is announced in our advertising columns that a course of oral lessons ni assimilative momorv-tram rag u to be given in the behool of Arts, commencing to morrow, hy one of Professor Loisette's trained mutants Mb John Iii n iy, a resident of Carriugton-avouuo, Horstnllo, and by occupation a railway guard, ha« for somo ) ears devoted his leisure hours and onorgy io endeavouring to improve tho si stem of signals used by ships at ni^ht or da\, and in other Liudred minno affaire Hu cliuns to havo at lost succeeded, lad his invoutions havo been patented for Ino pro- tection On I riday o\ ening last Mr Koilly ga\ e an tihibitiou at his residence, Hurstville, of several models, explaining his patent si stem ot signals, iigns, and deuces The iebrnirv issue of the bludio contains, beside much that will interest art lovers, an illustrated piper about Mr Poyntor, tho painter of " Solomon mi sheba.,' in tho Art Gallciy at Sydnov, and a paper de'cnptno of Professor Herkomer'a now process Tbe // iHiisoi Maga me for Tohruary opens with n tsuplo of pai ra devoted to tho Houso ot Commons, tat the list of subjects and illustrations in this ono Dumber is too lotit; to quote 1 ho many pictures are .eil done, nnd the articles, mainly by good hands, ire fresh and interesting »Ereceivo from the Government printer, Ado bude, copy of tho annual report of the South Aus- tralian School of Mines and Industries, corresponding to our Technical Collogo Tee meteorological observations mado in South lottah» during tho ¡eats 1801, 1S92, and ISM mder the direction of Sir Charles lodd, Government lihonomor, havo boen forwarded tous. 1 hey aro nore than morel) local records, nnd form a sorvicc lUecontnbution to Australian meteorology The band of tho Now South Wales Artillery Regiment, undor tho direction of Brigrde Band mister W Hutchinson, will (weather permitting) perform in the Botanic Gardons this afternoon, toaratncing at 3 30 p m 