A3í AGKICÜIJTÜBAI. OOTJNTBV. SiNcii our colonies have become more Intim- ately connected vf Ith Denmark as a competi- tor tn dalry produce in the world's markets, it may be interesting to know something of that country. There ls scarcely any other country in the world in which agriculture Is so flourishing as in Denmark. Its area is only 15,280 square miles, or one- fortieth the extent of Queensland. Tho population is 2,183,335, or 1-13 to the square mile, or li acres to each Individual. The town population is 003,121, and the avocations of tho people are thus described : In agriculture 8S2,33ü\ industrial 531,428, day laborers 207,505, immaterial pro- ductions 135700, commerce 172,020, others 85,018. More than one-third of the popula- tion are engaged in agriculture, and Australia suffers badly in the comparison. SO per cent, of the soil of Denmark is productive, and it is well utilised. Last year there were 3,020,404 acres under grain crops, 450,580 ncres under lucerne, 128,849 acres under potatoes, tho total area under cultivation closely approaching 5,000.000 acre». The live stock numbered 410,0011 horses, 1,000,100 cattle, 1,210,502 sheep, and 820,181 pigs. The exports last yrtor were ! Pork ana bacon 132,000,0001b., butter 128.800,000, eggs 8,000,000 score. From this lt will bo seen that this small country, with a small population, is accomplishing wonders, Agriculture is of an intense character necessarily, and the products disclose thut mixed farming- is conducted on an extenúe scale in Denmark. The Dane«, hy marketing: n superior article, have a fi nu hold on thc trade of Knghtnd in certain lines ; but Australis, with her almost limitless resources in land, is disputing with the Danish farmers the control of the Kng lish markets. MAIZK ix MKMIOCRXB.-Maize does not enter very extensively the arena of horse feed in the Southern capital, and It will be a. bad time for New South Wales producers when a similar proportion will suffice for the Sydney market. There was a time, too, when Melbourne took a large quantity, even of Clarence grown maize, and it ¡9 difficult to account for the enormous decrease in the consumption in the cap! tai of Victoria. Other products appear to be given the preference. From the beginning of the year to the early part of this monti), *),(H»I bag» maize from the country were placed on tho Melbourne market, compared with -3LK«,(X»» bags oatB, 1,454,300 bags and 12,271 bales chaff. The quantities of hay and straw ara not given, out it is manifest maize is not the popular food for horses it was in bygone years, and if the disfavour extends to Sydney, maize will soon disappear as a staple crop on our northern river», and producers will be forced to turn their attention to something else. Melbourne prices for the various descriptions of horse-feed ure-maree 'Ai ld to 3s 8a, oats 2s ltd to 2s (kl, chaff £3 5s to £-*t lUs, hay £2 10a to £3. TiiK Sutt.vu lNi>U8TitY.-Mr. T. Temperley, in a letter to the llmnUl, replies to the leader in that journal respecting the elTect Federa- tion would have on the sugar industry. Ile points out that abolition of the duty will throw our ports open to the bounty pro- duced sugar of Kurope. ns well as the kanaka grown sugar of Queensland, and the black and yellow grown sugar nf Java, Fiji, Mauri- tius and Hongkong: Under Federation, there ls this great difference, that the local market would be open only to the surplus sugar of Queensland, with restrictions on tho employment of coloured labour. The product of the Queensland kanaka would never be allowed to enter into open com- petition with that of thc white farmers in the Southern colony. Mr. lteid's legislation is to open the New South Wales market to Queensland growers without Federation, and to prevent the immigration of any more Asiatics to tho sugar-growing districts of our colony, and what moro could he do in the way of offering Queensland a bonus to stund aloof from her sister colonie», and leaving her free to carryout her State regu- lations for the unrestricted employment of whatever Japanese, kanakas, or Hindoos she may require for producing sugar for the people of N.S.Wales. ('o-oi'Kit.vnvic TitADiNd,-Many attempts hnve been made to establish in langland the co-operative system of trading in regard to farm produce, but hitherto without success. The Kngllsh farmers havo not taken kindly to co- operation, though they have had betöre their eyes for some years past the object lesson of co-operation being extensively practised by the farmers on the other side of the Channel. The system has conferred great benefits on the rural producers in France by cheapening the cost of disposal of their produce, by securing tho full value of the produce to be Sold, by the dissemina- tion of Information likely to bo of value to agriculturists, and by purchasing ult the requirements of members nt wholesale Íirires. At last there seems to be a likeli lood of the system being given n fair trial In thu scheme inaugurated by the liar) of Winchelsea, which has resulted in the establishment of the British Produce Supply Association. It is Intended to provide for tho home producer the same favorable mar- keting facilities as are now in vogue for the benefit of producers of other countries, to ensure to consumers who wish to purchase the product of their own land the certainty that they will get it. Tho working capital of the new association was derived from rural sources, and the profits will help to stimulate rural enterprise. The scheme has been arranged in a business-like manner, which is an augury of success, . lMiitv SuoitTHOitNS.-The London Dairy Show, held in October last, is said to have been the largest and best thnt has yet been held, and the class for shorthorn cows was regarded by many as the most interesting part of the show. In tho shorthorn butter test some surprising results were obtained. The first prize was given to Mr. ll. Shep- herd's Dairy Model, 5¿ years old, and 52 days since calving. Her yield of milk was IUI bs lljozs, which gave 31b 'lo/, butter. The second prize cow, 7 years old, gave 551b 12Joz milk, which yielded 31b loz of butter. A highly commended cow, aged 0 years, gave ülllb Hoz milk, which yielded 21b 12ozs of butter. In the Jersey class, the cow that got the gold medal was 5 years 2 mont IIB old, and gave 171b lOi.o/.s of milk, which yielded 211) 10;ozs of butter. Tho next cow in point ot merit was 5 years 7 months old, and yielded 401b 12ozs of milk, from which 21b lOozs of butter was obtained. Tho highest yield of butter in the class for mixed breeds was from nn Ayrshire cow, 8 years old, which gave 471b 12jozs of milk, nnd 211) 8oz butter. The next in point of merit was a cross-bred, 5 years ll months old, which gave 011b of milk, and 21b S.tozs of butter. In these tests it will be observed that though the shorthorns gave very little more milk than the Jerseys, they gave a much higher proportion of butter. CUCUMIIKKH. - Still another product is shipped to Sydney in quantity. Cases of cucumbers are now sent weekly, which means a considerable export. They are plentiful and good on the Clarence, this season, and tho varieties grown are a decided improvement on those formerly raised here. Our colonial seedsmen are alive to the importance of introducing the most ap- proved varieties of all vegetables, and this is one of thc ways that keen competition in the seed line is a benellt to both grower and consumer. Very good cucumbers can be had locally at from Sd to ls per dozen. GEUMAÍÍ BISKT SUOAII,-We have received from Mr. John See, M.P., a sample of sugar manufactured In Germany from sugar beet. It is a clean white sugar, nf good sweetening quality, and nice grain, The wholesale price In Sydney is £21 per ton. The superiority of the sample may be accounted for to the fact that tho mills in Germany nre of n very efficient description. This is un importation that will no doubt assume large proportions when the duty on sugar is entirely removed. VitrroitiAN POTATOES,-For the first eleven months of this year tho arrivals of country potatoes in Melbourne and Geelong amoun- ted to 028,272 bags, ngninst 000,104 bags for tho correspsndlng period of last year. The exports amounted to 1(13,11)3 bags ' and 0402 cases, against 151,858 bags and 1512 cases during tho eleven months of 1805. 