Presidential Contest. I-4--- MR. M'KINLEY NOMINATED. THE REPUBLICAN PLATFORM. (Through Reuter's Agency.) ST. LOUIS, June 18. The Republican Convention wa opened with Drayer to-day by "Mr. Scott, a coloured minister. Mr. Foraker read the platform of the Convention. The passage declaring against free silver aroused wild enthu siasm, and when the words "gold stand ard" were mentioned, the delegates rose in a body and cheered vigorously. The references to the Monroe doctrine and to Cuba were also loudly cheered, Mr. Fred. Grant waving a Cuban flag dur ing the reading of the Cuban clause. Mr. Teller, in offering the minority amendment, favouring free silver for the financial plank, declared that the progress of the country depended there on. A protective tariff could not be maintained on a gold standard which would lower the price of farm products. If the gold plank were adopted, he and other silverites would leave the party. Mr. Teller, who spoke with feeling, and in a tone of sadness and regret for the course adopted by the majority, re ceived a most respectful hearing. The amendment was ordered to lie on the table by 1.08', votes to 141. The vote on the gold plank followed, and this clause was adopted by 818½ to 105/2 votes. The platform itself in its entirety was agreed to by acclamation. The tariff and financial clauses have already been given in previous de spatches. Other clauses of interna tional importance read as follow: "To all our products-those of the mine and the field as well as those of the shop and the factor3-, to the hemp and wool product of the great industry of sheep husbandry as well as to the finished woollens mill-we promise most ample protection. Our foreign policy should at all times be firm, vigor ous, and dignified; and all our interests in the western hemisphere shall be carefully watched and guarded. The Hawaiian Islands should be controlled by us, andt no foreign power should be permitted to interfere with them. The Nicaraguan canal should be built, owned, and operated by the United States; and by the purchase of the Danish Islands we should secure a proper and much needed naval station in the WVest Indies. The massacre of the Armenians has aroused the deep sympathy andl just indignation of the American people. We believe that the United States should exercise all the in fluence it can properly exert to bring these atrocities to an end. The Ameri can residents In Turkey have been exe Dosed to the gravest danger, and Ameri can property has been destroyed.Amerl can citizens and property must ab solutely be protected there and every where at all hazards and at any cost. "WeR re-assert the Monroe doctrine to its full extent, and we re-affirm the right of the United States to give that doctrine effect by responding to the ap peals of any state for friendly interven tion in case of Europear n encroachment. We have not Interfered, and we shall not Interfere, in thie existing posses sions of any European power in this hemisphere; but those possessions must not, on any pretext, be extended. We look forward hopefully to the eventful withdrawal of the European Dowers from this hemisphere and the ultimate union of all English-speaking par-ts of the Continent by the free consent of its inhabitants. From the hour of achiev ing their own independence the people of the United States have regarded with sympathy the stlruggles of other Amerl can peoples to free themselves from Europeant domination. We watch with deep and a.biding interest the heroic battle of the Cuban Insurgents against cruelty and oppression, and our best hopes to go out to them for the full suc coss of their determined contest for 11 be-ty. The Government of Spain, hav ing lost control over Cuba, and bieing unable to priotect the property and lives of resident Americann citizens, or to comlply with it.s treaty obligations, we belireve that the Government of the United States should actively use its influence and good omces to restore peance and give Independence to the island. We demand that the immigra tion laws he thoroughly enforced anf so extendedl as to exclude from entrance into the United States those who can neither read nor write." The victory of the gold plank was greeted with a great demonstration of enthusiasm. RSenator Cannon, on behalf of thie sllverites, filed a proltest against the gold plank, and announced their In tention of withdrawing from the Con vention. -lis remarks brought ldonl a storm of hisses. The chairman vainly attempted for some time to stay the chorus of disapproval nad restore order. When finally lquiet had been re-estab lished, he stated that the Republicans did not fear the declaration of the sil verite delegates. There was wild cheer ing when Mr. Cannon had finished read ing his protest. Twenty-one delegates then withdrew. They included all tno representatives of Colorado and Idaho, three from Utah, two from Ne vada, and one each from Montana and South Dakota. As the silverites marched out, the crowd outside the building uttered derisive shouts, anti 12,000 voices sang In chorus the song of "The red, white, and blue." Meanwhile the Convention resumeft it ]?usiness. Thle names of Messrs. R?eed,A,;7?",? anul Morton were sever ally greeted with applause ( t.hey were nominated. When Mr. Foraker noml nated Mr. M'Kinley, tlhe delegates stood on the seats and waved red anti white plumes. The scene was one of tumultuous ecitement, and the enthu siasm became greater every moment. After a quarter of an hour of cheering, singing, and band playing, the "Ohio Standard" was taken on to the stage amid renewed applause. Altogether the cheering lasted nearly half an hour. Mr. Foraker afterwards addressed the Convention. He said-Our plat form meets the demands of the Ameri can people, who want a man who, in the highest degree,typifles in his mone tary character and his record of ambl tion of purpose the exact opposite of the free trade, deficit-making, bond- issu ing, and labour-saving Democratic Administration-such a man asWilllam M'Kinley. (At the mention of Mr. M'Kinley's name there was a perfect storm of cheering.) Mr. Floraker re ferred to Mr. M'Klnley's record as a soldier, as Governor of Ohio, and also as leader of the House of Representa tives, and author of the M'Kinley Bill. S(A pplause.) The nomination was seconded, and, after Mr. Gray's name had been placet before the Convention, the roll-call for the President was ordered, and it re suited upon the first ballot in the no mination of Mr. M'Kinley. The num ber of votes given for him was 6611A, out of a total of 922. The other votes were distributed as follows:-Mr. Reed, 84%; Mr. Gray, Gl6'; Mr. Morton, 58; Mr. Allison, 351; Mr. Cameron, one. When the result of the election was announced a stirring exhibition of feeling ensued. Banners, plumes, flags, hats, ,and umbrellas were waved in the air. Delegates and spectators alike arose to their feet, and cheered franti cally. The band struck up, and a salute of 45 guns was fired. A motion was presented to make the nomination unanimous, and it was adopted by the delegates rising from their seats. Not a single delegate was seen to remain seated. The silver- bolters held a conference, and whenever the name of their leader was mentioned it was cheered to the echo. Someone, alluding to Mr. M'Kin ley's nickname of Napoleon, suggested that that day was the anniversary of the battle of Waterloo, and that the modern Napoleon, Mr. M'Kinley, should take warning, Cheers for Waterloo were given with hearty good will. Mr. Hobart, of New Jersey, has been nominated Republican candidate for Sthe Vice-Presidency. 5 FRESH fruit and refined sugar, tins con B tain lb. net. W.D. PEACOCK AND CO.'S e Jams. 