■r n -'ii — WEO AM HE BOERS ? ' p|| Bblh>bn.] The Boers of Sonth Africa are just now obj|Cfe. of^bonBiderable interest to the British fj>eople, as, indeed, they promise to OT^foi'Many a year to come. Their hifltibf^M'ifiindiBSolubly. interwoven with, the history of South Africa, and during the^ two hundred and forty odd years of their residence south of the Equator, these Strange peopl|^rmsfi" one of :the most remarkable apd?i interesting of studies. Theirs may jtnil^ b& said to be a history of arrested progress; In.thdught and in mode of life She"main body bf theSouth African Dutcn'remain far more in touch with the seventeenth century than with theSSnefeenth. It may be not unprofitable to ijice very briefly-the African life-story of these singular people. The Dutch were not in the first instance the dis^Tjecers,ef. the* Cape of Good Hope. The otil Jgoipugueee navigators were the first tq| l^ve Jbhe terrors of the Stormy Cape ajiftEy^Mie^iit.;^; In 1486;fiartholo . mew JOfe^foubled the Capfc, ahdpushed his w^J&yonQ; the Ipresent site of Port Elizabeth. In 1497 that great sailor, Varoo .da Gama, passed the Cape, and penetrated "by sea. as far to the eastward as ffielMo2&mbique;^ coast. Although the early.' navigators occasionally: touched at the Cape on their way to the Indies, there seems to have been no regular settlement ther«;;flgML.jrell on in the seventeenth centuqg" J^gll^^Captaih^ James Lan ca^rrwitn an 'English squawlrdn, visited Table Say. In 1595 four Dutch vessels, the first fleet to cast anchor in these waters, touched at Mo8S^ Bay, a little to the east of t^J5|pe. Prom tnistime fleets of the variofajs au3Lon^rex%$n.the habit of calling fttftln ^afwf ot -Gbttd'Hope for rest and refreshment, obtaining oxen and sheep from the Hottentot aboriginals, and pick ing up wild fowl, fish,' and green herbage. The British may be said to have been the first to take formal possession of the soil of the C^eofjGood^Hope.: In 1620 Captains Fitzhefbertand'Shillinge landed there and proclaimed the sovereignty of James I, Their employers, the' East .India'Oom pany, took no further steps to form a settlement, however, and the proclamation lagsecL, In 1652 the Dutch East India Co^ahy'^nally "took possession of the Cape, and founded a settlement there. Jan Van Rieheek landed with , a number of colonists, and at once, set vigorously to work to establish the foundation of Dafcch„supremacy in this quarter of the globe. Governor:Van Riebeek and his settlers, isolated iia ' they were, had many diffi culties to contend with in the enrly days of their colonisation. The "discipline ob servedvwasof the mosc inflexible kind. Herman "Van Vogelaar, Volunteer, for instance, Tj^s in the year 1652 sentenced to one hundred1 blows from the butt of his musket * tbr ^wishing the purser at the devil fop serving put penguins instead of beef and pork/ - In 1657, Jan Wouters, assistant, was condemned * for blas phemous injuries against the characters of females at the. Cape, including the com mander's wife, to beg pardon on his bare knees, to be bored;through the tongue, to forfeit his wages, and to be banished three years.' A sufficiently severe array of penalties, surely, for uttering scandal! But the Dutch Afrikanders have always remained extremely'fetichy in the matter of slander iand libel. At the present day, in all parts of 'South Africa, it is the commonest thing to find inserted in the local newspaper such an apology as the following: '1, the undersigned, A. C. du Plessis, retract hereby everything I have said against the innocent Mr. G. P. Bezuidtenhoiit, balling myself an infamous liary ahd striking any mouth with the ex clamation, ' You mendacious mouth (Jij leugenachtige bek), why do you lie so ?' I declare, further, that 1 know nothing against the character of Mr. G. P. Bezuidenhout. I call myself, besides, a genuine liar of the first class. (Signed) A. C. dn Plessis.—Witnesses, P. du Plessis, J.';C. Holmes.9 Pus is san »ciual apology,: taken from the columns of a well-known South African papeYif I)e'&jr3cCMiise;Pafariot 1 TheJif^jtoent^whiph- in the firat instance was planted at the Cape solely as a pl^ce of • refreshment for the Dutch I fleet# passing to the Indies, slowly in* < creased. WiveB were presently wanted | by the settlers, andJa number of young ! girls were sent from the Orphan Houses ! and Hopiet^in Amsterdam. It* has lately been suggested' by Mrs. Cronwright- j Schreiner (Olive Schreiner), in an article ; on the Boers, that to these orphans, who became /mothers of many of the Cape colonists; is due the lack of sympathy and interest which the Dutch farmers of the Cape now-display towards Holland. I can scarcely agree with that theory. These orphans were not the only Dutch mothera at the'Cape, and the leaven of male and female settlera who once had real homes in the Batavian Republic was amply sufficient to perpetuate the natural love and affection towards the home-land. The gradual; decay-of that spirit of affec tion towards the: mother-country ' was more probablydue. to .the difficulties of communication* and the small - hope, among ;the majority of the colonists, of ever being able to return to their native land. -:They--tiirned to South Africa as their true home and abiding placc, and in process of time they, developed for their adopted country that passionate love and affection with which every Dutch Afrikander now regards it. Moreover, as the colonists moved ever inland, and became! * more and more isolated from civilisation, and from communion with ' the" mother-country, the home instincts of the fitfet^efctlers became gradually out worn and forgotton.' The settlement of the back country proceeded at first very slowly. In 1670 there were only some ninety of the Dutch East India Company's servants who had been granted their'discharges, and had, with the encouragement of the company, taken to' farm-life. These ninety men— Dutch mainly, with a few Germans and 1 Danes—may be regarded' as the true ancestors and ^forerunners of the present 1 race of South African Boers, The word ] Boer, by the way, is not, as some supposed a term of reproach. It signifies simply a farmer,'W a tiller of the soil, but is' pronounped as the English boor, which word meant originally nothing more than * agriculturist.' . In 1672 the Dutch East India Company purchased from die Hottentot chiefs; who claimed to be lords of the soil, the whole vast tract of country stretching from Saldahha1'Bay to the Cape peninsula. Thenomin&l; consideration 'for this con : cession was—to the Hottentots—£1600 in " goods, but it seems that the actual cost to . the Dutch, yas no more than, £9 9d. I Unfortunately, this nefarious sort of bargainwith the black man has not been unknown to British colonists. It obtains, to the discredit Q}£ 'Europeans, down'to the preseht hour. .>■ - Between 16S5 and 1688 came a most important ncceseion of strength to the Dutch settlebs.' Thanks' to the Revo- j cation. of |the;iEclict of Nantes by Louis XIV.; laqgfe ritimbers of Hugpenots were idriven from France. By arrangement with the authorities in Holland, it came to pass that some of these French Protestants, to the number of between two. hundred,and three hundred, were taken" to the Cape. They were granted free passages, as much land as they could bring uuder cultivation, and were assisted with money to buy implements, seed, and other "necessaries, on condition of there after repaying the same. . These French Huguenots, nearly all 'steady, honest, and God-fearing folk,became a source of great strength to- the*: rising colony. They planted vineyards and fruit gardens, in troduced irrigation, and by the year 1714 had firmly established the wine industry, and made the Cape famous for its wine producing capabilities. Thanks to the vigorous repression of the Cape Dutch authorities, these Huguenot settlers found it impossible to perpetuate their separate nationality in South Africa. They were incorporated, perforce, in the DutchRe formed Church, and the use of French in official matters was forbidden. The young were to be taught in Dutch, the reading of lessons at the church services in French was presently suppressed, and every effort was made to obliterate the nationality of the new settlers. So completely success ful was this policy that, within a hundred years of the Huguenot landing, the French language had completely died out, and : there ; was but one old man who remem bered it. Resigning themselves to their fate,' the Huguenots intermarried with their Dntehfellow-settlers, and in no long time became as completely Boers in thought, language, and Sympathy as any of their neighbors. Among the French names which at the present day may be found widespread throughout South Africa, from the Cape to the Zambesi are Marais, Joubert, Du Plessis, De VilHers, Le Rous, Malherbe, Du Toit, Malan, Relief, Jourdan, Hugo, Thferon, and others. Some of these are so pronounced as to be unrecognisable. De Villiera, for instance, is pronounced by the up-country. Boers De Filyee; while the name Valjean has been radically altered and is now spelt Viljoen and pro nounced Filyune. Although at the present day their names, and occasionally their features and dispositions, betray their French origin, every man in South Africa bearing these Gallic patronymics is as completely Boer as any of his fellow colonists owning names of the purest Netherlands origin. Their prejudices are also, to the heart's core, as purely and essentially Afrikander Dutch. The name of the Transvaal President, by the way, is usually pronounced ' Krieger," with a hard but extremely guttural g. Only ,by slow degrees did the settlers penetrate into the interior of what is now Cape Colony. Some of the early governors, it is true, sent expeditions to the north to spy out the land and make discoveries. Some of them even accom panied the expeditions themselves. There is a quaint account in the Cape archives of the journey of Simon Van der Stell, governor from 1679 to 1(599, towards the Namaqua country. The expedition had not proceeded very far upon its course when it was charged and putto flight by a huge rhinoceros. At that time, and for more than a century after, the Cape settlers were seriously inconvenienced by the extraordinary profusion of wild animals in every part of their country. In 1714 the free burgher population of the Cape settlements amounted to no more than 647 men with 341 women, with 467 male and 484 female children. The colonists had long been chafing against the arbitary, selfish, and unfair restrictions put upon them by the Dutch East India Company and its officers. They could only buy goods through the Company at its own price, and the produce of their land, in the same way, had to be sold to the Company at fixed rates. This same produce was thereafter sold by the Com pany at vastly enhanced prices to the ships of various nations putting in at Table Bay. The sererest penalties were enforced against persons attempting to evade these regulations. It may, indeed, almost be asserted that the early Boers of South Africa were driven to their nomadic, wandering ways by the persecution and tyranny put upon them by their hard masters, the Dutch Fast India Company. , During the last century the Boers spread far and wide into the Cape Colony, travers ing pathless deserts, waterless karroos, and difficult mountain countiy, in -search of new homes and pastures. Many of them were hunters pure and simple, and fol lowed the elephants for their ivory. As | they moved inland, magistracies were tardily established in their midst, not leBt tbeymight lapse into utter barbarians, j but to enable an anxious Government to draw its taxation from the land on which they settled. Churches and schools fol lowed yet more tardily. It may be said that since the admission of the Huguenot element into the settle- 1 ment at - the close of the seventeenth century, there has been little addition to the strain of Dutch and French blood which mainly composes the present race of South African Boers. At a fair compu tation the Boer of to-day is two-thirds Dutch, une-bixth French, and one-sixth German or Danish. At the time of the Huguenot landing there was also an assisted immigration of Dutch settlers to the Cape. . There have since been few large additions to the original stock ; and it is curious to find among the considerable Dutch Afrikander populations of the Cape Colony, .the Orange: Free {State, and Transvaal, bow few names are represented; It is probable that less than three hundred names would exhaust the patronymics of all the Boers of South Africa. These names are far spread and undoubtedly one of the great bonds of sympathy which link the colonists of the Cape with their kinsmen of the Orange Free State and' Transvaal lies in the fact that they are all closely —one may say inextricably allied by blood and marriage. It should be remembered to the credit of these people, during their endlesB wanderings from farm to farm, from veldt to veldt, and from country to country, that they have pre served pure and unmixed their European blood. There is no strain of the black race among the Boers of South Africa. In the same way, far removed though they have been from churches and pastors, they have yet clung closely to the primi tive faith of their forefathers. Wherever they have trecked, the great' Dutch Bible—often more than two hun dred years old—and its lessons have gone with them. At morning and at night, wherever they may be, prayer and thanks giving are invariably offered up. It is the fashion among the 4 Uitlanders* to j ridicule the long and somewhat dreary j prayers of these Dutch farmers; yet j surely it is to the credit of the Boers that, | ainid every danger and difficulty, they i have thus preserved their faith. Even I when inarching to fight the Zulu hosts I under Dingaan in Natal, they offered up1 prayers at every halt, and the400 farmers who met and conquered 10,000 Zulus at the Blood River in 1838 attributed their astounding victory to the direct interven tion of the Lord of Hosts' in answer to their supplications. , In 1796 the British, by arrangement with the Stadtholder of the Dutch Re public, then a fugitive from the armieB of the French Republic, took possession of the Cape, which in 1803 wan handed back to the Dutch. In 1806 the British, being then at war with the Dutch, again took possession of the Gape Colony, after a severe straggle near Cape Town. From that time the Cape has been continuously in the hands of Britain. At that period I the European population of the Cape settlements amounted to 26,720 souls, the bulk of whom were of Dutch descent. I The Boers have large families—from ten to fourteen children is not. an uncommon number—the climate is exceedingly healthy, and the Dutch all over South Africa have largely increased since 1806. In the Cape Colony at the present time there are between 230,500 and 235,000 Dutch Afrikanders, or Boers. In the Orange Free State there are some 70,000 Boers; while in the Transvaal, or South African Republic, there are—as far as can be judged from the last census of 1890— about 85,000 Dutch Afrikanders. People who know very little about the subject talk very glibly about turning the Dutch out of .South Africa. That is a matter of impossibility. The vast majority of the Boers fire, rooted firmly to the soil; they care for no other occupation than pastoral farming; and they are not in the least likely to quit the fatherland in which they have been born and . bred for two hundred and fifty .years past. There are, unfortunately, people of British blood who seem burning to force on a war between British and Dutch in South Africa. These people are few in number, but they have to be reckoned with. It may be well to remind them that in the Cape Colony the Dutch Afri kanders {or Boers), who have for many years been loyal and contented subjects of the. British crown, far outnumber the British settlers. In the Cape House of Assembly, it is well to remember, the Dutch farmers have a large majority. In the Orange Free State Republic the popu lation is almost entirely Dutch. In the Transvaal the Boers probably outnumber the British, in spite of the gigantic growth of Johannesburg. The early Cape governors were not re markable for tlieir sympathy or friendli ness for the Dutch settlers, and the grievances of the latter were seldom listened to. The fathers of the present Dutch population in the Transvaal and the Orange Free State quitted their homes in the Cape Colony, and trekked into dangerous and unknown deserts to avoid what they cqpceived to be gross and I burning wrongs. All these facts ought to be remembered in an estimate of the present situation in South Africa. We I here expressly avoid discussing the ques | tions at issue between the Transvaal Go vernment and the Uitlacders. 