MUTTER PRODUCTION IN ARGENTINA. (FROM AN Of StON.E Collllk-lONDkN..) Competition among those caterers in all quarters of the globe anxious to supply food stuffs to the omnivorous 1 English market" appears to be limitless For many reasons it was to be anticipated that producers in the Argentine Republic of such a staple commodity na butter would ultimately turn their attention to an export trade with London, which Australian pion era have shown to be practicable and profitable It is already indisputable that the unsound and "wild cat system of finance and currency prevalent in Argentina during the last ten or twelve years has indirectly given a (strictly spending, immoral) impetus to agriculture, and has stimulated exports of wheat, wool, and frozen meat to England in a remarkable manner the enormous premiums on gold at Buenos A) rea- at one time amounting to 100 per cent -of course in noticed exporters there to scrape together every. ton of Argentine produce at all saleable at 1 "gland, to ship it to _ England to draw bills of exchange against such shipments A commercial bill of exchange drawn against goods worth 1 OOOtlol (LOU) of gold in a London warehouse could in 1851) be readily sold in ISumos A. rea for o,i)00 paper dollars 1 The effect, of the Indian silver cured me. in stimulating shipments of wheat to ] Europe is now well understood In Argentina the silver currency is "piper silver,' and the profit on exports is proportionate!, mug mufti The high premium on gold (about 200 per cent in March,--').) probably first turned the ii fashion of London butter importers to the possibilities of Argentina In addition, regular lines of steamships provided with refrigerating appliances the Royal Mail, the North German Lloyd 8, the " / ' line, and Houlder Brothers boats-were already mull able and carrying frozen meat from Buenos j Ayres, or from the Port of La Plata, to England At the end of 1891 the first ship ments of Argentine butter in cases were unfit to London They in are merely Sample lots In August, 1859- arrangements for regular shipments were made between a firm of London importers and an ] tullah line in Uuciios A) res Last month (February, issue) ISO tons of Argentine butter were received in London. The importers anticipate that next year 300 tons per month will be received from one factory on the Buenos Ayres Southern Railway alone FHODVIIU SUP. in-The dairying industry) in Argentina is at present carried on in the fertile prairie and grazing region to the south of the capital, along the line of the Bmiioa A) rea Southern Railway, between 2) and 37 S. latitude. As to the future, the grazing land available is practically unlimited, and treeless also. No clearing has, therefore, to be done. Natural grasses abound , "in calf," or lucerne, is cultivated, and thrives remarkably well. The region in question was colonised some sixty or seventy years ago by Scotsmen, their soiiaandgraudsonsnre now the principal "catanceros," or owners of large grazing estates thereabouts they have done something in the way of in troducing improved breeds of cattle, Holstein, Ayrshire, and Jersey : but depend chiefly on native stock. The small graziers, or " Jamberoo," are nearly all Spanish im- migrants', " Biscay ewes," from the Basque Provinces These men possess herds of wild cattle; of course never marked the) also keep a few man as, or vine cows, in tambo Basque patois for dairy farms, from time to time calves from the wild herds are enrolled and turned into " 1111111711s " The "members" now regular!) deliver their milk to the two butter liictonea-one on a very) extensive scale established on the Great Southern line. Here separators and other scientific dairying appliances are already at work under the superintendence of Swedes, the factor) manual labour being done by Italian immigrants chiefly). Arrangements have already been made in London for ex finding the factory system, and large consignments of dairy ing machinery are now on the way to Buenos Ay) re s WACA-!, &c; While it is always difficult to calculate what wages the small agriculturist credits to himself as his personal share in the cost of production, the wages of labourers employed in the factories are some guide. The current rate in Argentina at present is 50\. per (in), in paper, about 75 in gold It has been Sail. In recent years the word of explanation hen. Vast issues of irredeemable piper mine), producing an enormous premium on gold, such as one sees now in Argentina, "ought," strictly) speaking, to lead to a correspondingly enormous rise in wages mi assured 111 redeemable paper money. And that does happen III countries where the labourer's ''standard of comfort "is high. But in Argentina neither the wages of the small producer and worker nor the local market value of the product of his labour have risen as rapidly as paper declined and gold rose. fifty cents per day was very nearly the rate of wages when Argentine currency was at par. and DO cents meant two silver shillings I'll try cents is still the rate though it means about 5d on an average of recent years. the same may be a rid of such Argentine produce is milk It, too, ought" to have risen in price measured 111 paper. But it hasn't. When the Argentine " timber' brings his milk to the butter factory he is paid for it in paper currency now at a discount of 200 per cent. and very nearly at the same rate per gallon which ruled years ago, when Argentine curred ci stood at par, compared with gold. Observe what this means. so many gallons of milk, ultimate ly churned into so many cut of butter, worth, si), £100 sterling in the London market, have cost about ill) in gold at the factor) in Argentina Of course, before the transaction is closed 111 Loudon, varuiUH expenses (some of them so mously augment! d by the 200 per cent, per annum on gold in question have to be added to the original £40 paid for the milk As for cost of production 111 Argentina, the London trade der care that nobody knows exactly what it does coat to produce 11 pound of butter any- where It may perhaps be worth nothing as an event! nt in the case that the communal "rate of discount," interest on bank nil tuners, is for 1 per cent higher 111 Argi 11 tin than it is in British dominions The risk of revolutions, vc , accounts for that last, as far as I can It urn, abun hint capital is available 111 London to develop the new butter industry Since so much depends, for those engaged in the Argentine butter trade, upon fluctuations in the gold premium for the evolution of paper money at Buenos Ayres it may be useful, will UM gold premium keep on for ever' Probably, yes A few years ago the national! currency was at par but then then v isn't so much of it in existence I In politicians will take me that the pr missing dotant full It is popular Agri cultiirisis-ihe majority) of A routine china -11 lieve that 11 big premium on gold bend is tin in VII populations watched with a low "value 11 air of comfort' believe that. A return to a gold iituttdiiril to "appear on) strike ' wound in III three or four revolu- tions in the Ki public 'The premium on gold his (letter not recent months, because then have been a sph nihil wheat crop I urge exports v heat from Argentina, in course, mean plentiful commercial bills of exchange drawn against saul exports. If very huge quantities of butter also are exported to Europe in India, That also will lower the gold premium and reduce the 1 Reporter H proofs ,))n raia suffering exports of produce would in deed bring the existing paper turn ne) automatically to par with gold, provided imports remained stationary. But if that were likely to happen the politicians would issue more paper mont), and more and more. ill-will, i'ACKVi issues - Argentine butter is arriving) sitting, under I know not what must, in London grocers' shops it differs slightly in texture From Australian 13 nulli r more like lJainali, (living to the absence of prcHiriulivts, the keeping qualities of the first consignments were not good, 'llualault is much to have been remedied. As to colour, I list of course is a matter of manipulation, to suit particular markets Like Australian bullet, Argentina is rich in volatile acids. Iteomisto I endorse "his pine wood boxes, us close Iv redoubling Australian packages as possible, the paper suit, xc , being identical Pine wood has to be imported into AT gi allina 1 near the - Ucfrigi rates weighted from Buenos Ayres to London, by steamship lines quoted above, will average rate per lb 'The passage to London occupy a from -'21 to 22 days. CiniAiEANi) Si SONS- Butter production 111 Argentina can be cm nail on practically all the year round, although shipments will probably take off slightly) during the southern winter English summer) months. A hot wind, coming from the interior, called "the number," is occasionally troublesome. Droughts, not of 11 vir) destructive character, one or once in seven or i eight j ears it is expected that imports of Argentine butter will come forward in large quantities from this out 'The first producers to feet the effects of the new competition have been, and will be, (the Danes. They are obliged to winter feed He is cattle, and to use expensive artificial fodder, according to 11 regular formula, during the European winter, while Australian and Argentine cattle are let ding i on natural grasses. It is no secret either that Danish dairy farmers, already mortgaged up to the eyes," are ill able to stand any fresh strain, In regard to such a staple as butter, abundant supply stimulates consumption in the -English market. vi hat was a luxury for one generation becomes a necessity for the next, and the dead man outstrips the fall in prices. There are whisper. in London of a combination between importers of Australian and Argentine butter, to smash up His; Danes." That would require a good deal of organisation here and oversea, and large capital, but is perhaps not altogether impossible. 