" The Victorian EKOdns, :antl How to Stop it.".. \- Speaking on tho Income .Tax, Mr J. W. Foster Rogers iriado a .very noteworthy .speech in regard to tho oxodua from Yiotorii of ;a large number of tho population, and as tho. subject matter ia particularly interesting at this period, womako tho following cxcraots from Hansard:—> POPULATION TEPARTINO. Mr Kogors said that tho, colony hadlosfc, dur ing tho last six years, directly and indircotly, 290,000 people, two-tlrirdsof whom wcto adults, (Mr Trouwith—"A good many of thorn havo como back.") No, thoy have not, and somo of them;.Tiad> never* b'eo'n.hore. Ho would fltato •wjiat "l\o meant.. Tho'. diroot loss had been 76,000. (Mr Longmoro—".That is not includ ing tho natural increase in population.'') Thqro wcro many -things that ho. had not included. Tho incH'rcot loss had . beon muoh greater. Ho would show the House what ho meant* . Tho nefc increase.by immigration in 1884, according to tho SJatfisficoJ Register, was 14,000 odd, chiefly'acluUs, bread-winners and taxpayers; in 1885 it was 15,000; in 1886 it was 25,000; in 1887 it was 32,000; in 1888 it'was 41,000; in rl880 it was 16,000. . Hero the descending scale rbeg"anJ-,';In 1890 vit ,wqs 900p-r& 'sudden drop, I but still a net gain; whiist tho following year, .1891, it wis 6000 odd; in!803 it was minuB 'GOOO f iii 1804 again minus 5800, and during the last six months of tho.present.,year tho colony 'lost 6000 by onvgratiop..' What tho Iocs for the previous six'niontba waa ho couldVnot say, but it might bo about 3000 or more. In tho four years before .the land boom the increaso from tho emigration of .enterprising people who came hero with brains and money anq tilled the soil and went into various enterprises was 20,0 .0 per annum,, chiefly, men;, but instead of gaining 20,000 per annum tho cnlonywaa minus for each "of the last six years 20,000 per annum, and in that period no fewer than 120,000 taxpayers, two-thirds o£ whom, wero bread- winners, were short of tho number duo. That was the way Victoria was losing her place of prido and prea tigo in ti o Australian colonies. There would soon bo here a similar ptato of things to.\vhafc prevailed- in Tasmania some years ago, when two-thirds .of tho men loft and the women stayed behind. If honorable members would analyze the figiiics ho had just civec. thev would, speaking roughly, see that thrco men to every woman was the proportion in whioh population had left the "colony. . In a.vory.shorb time Victoria would be absolutely compelled to have woman suffrage^ because'there wouldbe no men left horo \o vote. The list of'elcctbra was also going down, and what would tho municipal councils do when those on whom the ratepayers lived had left the colony ? :. ' MUNICIPAL LIABILITIES. }J , "Where would the municipal funds come from after this exodus, which was beginning and creeping all over the country from the extremi ties towards Melbourno?- How would tho muni' cipaliti«'s meet their liabilities.?.'-- HeJwas-glad to find from tho hearty laugh of-the Chi^f Sec retary that the honorable gentleman took" such a cheerful view of the .'matter, but the fact that the men of Victoria. vwere. leaving tho colony wholesale was a serious thing for the Govern ment to consider. At .'the presont time thero was a little stir in Melbourne cauBed bv people travelling from the eastern colonics to Western Australia and elnewhero. The influx of that floating population appeared to rcduco the loss of people to tho colony, but as a matto<\- of faot they only remained here a few days while their vessels were in port, and honorable members would be liable to be misled by the immigration returns if they did not go carefully into them« (Mr Treuwith—41 How do you Bhow that hun dreds of miners are coming from Newcastle and goincc westwards ?") Messrs Siddoley; and Co,, shipping agents, gavo Him -'tho "information. I Many others would follow the'Npwcastleminers ! from places on the'eastem coast, but tlioy would : onlv stay he'fe a few days and thep proceed to l their1 destinations.' 'l'hoir arrival.in Melbourne tended to make the immigration returns appear largor than they really were. Allowing for thetn, and subje'efc to correction as to the exact figures, the stupendous fact remained that-with in the last six years, directly and iudirectly, the colony had lost.296,000 people, most of whom were bread- winners and would bo taxpayers if they were herfi Ministers of tho Crown might laugh at that fact, but how in the name of all that was sensible could Parliament conduct the national business on such lines? Gentlemen who occupied the po3iUon of ^vlxnisters of the Crown ought to treat such a matter with seri ousness. At first tho oxoduB-of population" would bo h_ardly noticed through various causes* THo country w is naturally so strong and vigor ous that at this timo of tho year honorable members did not see much distress, but if the trickling streams of emigration from'all parts of the colony continued to inorease in volume, what 'would the result be by-and-by 1 The population" of the'country districts would get thinner" and thinner, then the towns and tho ' suburbs of the metropolis would begin to feel i the drain, and there would be more .and more houses empty, and honourable/members would i seo - tho grass growing in tho Melbourne suburbs, If the exodus of the population con tinued at the "rate he just described, any mathematician at the University could very quickly calculate how very short: the time would be beforo tho Age, which had a circula tion of 100,000 a day, would have a circulation of only 50,000 a day, and advertisements re duced in proportion; 'What would'be tho value of that magnificent property t en, ' and what would be the value of the railways'then ? Kailways could not pay without traffic, and traffic could not increase while 'the population was decreasing- through' emigration. ' Such 'a thing was impossible, and ha - never huppened' iu this world. The situation was . a most serious one, and although this measure of taxation might satisfy the requirements uf the Government from hand to mouth, it would not provo a statesmanlike- romody for the present condition of affairs. A DANISH PLAN-. He would give an instance of a states manlike remedy which ' was adopted in. Denmark after- a disastrous war which ren dered the Government bankrupt. Under those oircumstfinoeu, what did the Government" of the country do? Did they proceed to .raise> taxes in the manner proposed in this Bill ? No, they literally took 6 por ceut of tho landed property of the whole country, together with the* improvements upon it, the municipal pro perty of tho whole couutry, and not a man was a penny tho poorer. In a year or two the country was flourishing. Th« Government took this money in cash and bills aud formed the Bank of Denmark in whi' h they gave a share for evory £10 thoy ;tqok from the peoplo, and the shares of the 'bank went up,t - an .enormous' premium. There' thoy took 0 por cent of the real eBta*o, and here Parliament grudged \ per cent of the wealth of the country, whioh was all ho asked, 1 . . ONE OENEIUL JIEMEDY. There whb one general remedy to I which ho would like to draw the atten i tion of tho Minister of Lands, and that 1 was to make tho lands of »ho colony so attrac tive to people that thoy would not go away.; ' The policy which had been dominant here, through ignorance and nothing else, was tho - very roverao of tho policy that should bo adopted. It wan sheer downright ignoranco to put overy possible obstaclo in tho way of men.. who wftutod to'settle on tho land. • ritOMOTH settlement. • Tho natio. al oxistcuco of tlio colony depended, on tho promotion of settlement, Nature bad made this. country one of tho fiucafc'cbuntrios under tho sun. Its'soil was most productive, and tin's little 'bit of tho continent of Australia used to" bo oalted Aus- ' tralia Folix, happy Australia. Twenty-five years ago Sir Charles Ciavan.Duffy,'iri a magni ficent lecturo which tho Government would do well to print and circulate in hundreds of thou* sands, showed tho people of Victoria how they " could cultivato tho soil, and what suited tho requirements if tho colony, Ho (Mr Ilogers) had said enough to show tho seriousness of tho position, whioh was a matter of life or death to tho women and children in tho suburbs of Melbourne. Honor able members saw 20,000 or 30,000 nioely dressed peoplo at tho bioycle sports ; but if - they had to gather to tht>sa grounds tho poor people who could not p^y their butchor's, bakor'd,- and grocer's bills, the placo would bo oqually well filled, and thoro would biJ a tre mendous contrast, 