CABLEGRAMS. LONDON, March 17, 7 p.m. The truth or otherwise of the accu sation has not yet been proved that was brought in the German Reichatag by Herr Rebel, a leading socialist, against Dr Peters, the African ex plorer, who had been acting as the German Government's agent on the East Coast of Africa. Rt bel charged Peters with having murdered his negro mistress because she had been inti mate with a negro. Rebel alleged that Peters had both of them hanged as spies, and that his officers declined to be parties to the transaction. Dr Peters has resigned the presi dency of the Colonia; Society. The Right Hon. G. N. Curson, Under-Secretary of State for Foreign affairs, states that the Dervishes are massing at Dongala, towards which an expedition of British and Egyptian troops are at present advancing. The object of the operations of the British is to help Italy andsafeguard Egypt. The shares in the White Flag Co have all been allotted. The shares in the Scottish Colo - ial Mining Co have been allotted. The Government of Portugal pro pose to expend a very large sum in building additional warships. The Duke of Cambridge, late com mander-in- Chief of the British Army, has lad an audience with King Hum qert of Italy. The garrison of a town in Cuba, mistaking a Spanish battalion for rebels fired at the battallion, killing 12 and wounding 31. Heavy falls of snow have occurred in the Ural Mountains, and 130 persons have perished in a snow storm. The dispute between France and Brazil has been settled. The price of wheat is 6d cheaper. Signor di Rudini, the new Premier of Italy in a speech is the Chamber, announced that General Baldissera, the commander of the army in Abyss inia, had been instructed to obtain the best terms he could from King Menelick of Abyssinia. Italy did not desire to secure Tigre or the protection of Abyssinia. The Premier asked for a credit of 140,000,000 lire. The speech was very favorably re ceived by the members, the Premier being frequently loudly applauded. The Senate have thanked the British Parliament for the sympathy they ex pressed for Italy. President Kruger has retained Mr Robert Threshis Reid, Q.C., M.P., with Sir George Lewis as solicitor, to watch his interests during Dr Jame son's trial at Bow-street Police Court. LONDON, March 18, 6.55 a.m. News has been received that the Dervishes are making active prepara tions to resist the advance of the British and Turkish troops into the Soudan. Ten tuousand of the Der vishes are assembled at Dongala, and are threatening communication be tween Morad Wells and Kassala. There are 2,000 picked British and Egyptian troops at Warragul, 100 miles from the Egyptian frontier, and others are stationed at Mored Wells. LONDON, March 18th, 6.50 p.m. Three battalions of reserve troops are stationed between Wady Hal fa and Aheasua. It is reported that owing to the heat ar d the lowness of the Nile Lord Wolsely, the Commander-in Chief of the Biitish Army advises that it is not. advisable to go beyond Akesha until September. By that time reinforcenments of troops from Cairo and India that are more suited to the climate will have joined the exj.edition. LoNDon, March 19, 7.15 sa.. The Khcdive has held a review of the troops that lie is sending to the Soudan. His Highness is dispatching his own camel corps with the reinforce ments. The press and the leading men of Italy have expressed their thanks to Great Britain for the action that is being taken as regards the Soudan. The " Cologne Gazette," a leading German newspaper, strongly approves of England's Soudan expedition. LoNaoN, March 17, 7 p.m. General Baldissera, the comunander of the Italian Army in Abyssinia, has ordered non-combatants to leave Kas sala. The General hopes to be able to hold out until July. Signor di Rudini, the Italian Pre. mier has asserted that Italy should secure a durable position in Africa and restore the prestige of the nation. The Government meant to adhere to the Triple Alliance. March 19, 7.50 a.m. A report has been received from Massowab that the Dervishes are within two hours journey of Kassala, and are waiting the arrival of Astman's forces before attacking the town. The Shoans have stopped egress from Adigrat. The "Times" states that if the news be true that the Dervishes are advancing on Kassala the situation is entirely altered, as the Nile valley and Suakim are thus threatened. It adds that it is Great Britain's duty to pro vide against threatened mischief. LONDON, Marci 18. The American Naval Committee has recommended the construction of four heavy battery ships. The Australian and New Zealand Mortgage Company have declared a dividend of 2 per cent, and carry forward £28,700. A report having been received to the effect that natives have been re cently flogged in Fiji, by order of a Government officer, the authorities have issued orders that the floggings should cease, and that the officer who was responsible for them should be reprimanded. The parleyings between Mr Cham berlain, Secretary of State for the Colonies, and President Kruger, still continue. Great Britain refuses to modify Article 4. The decision to control tl-e police and military has largely removed the objection of the Transvaal authorities to the continu ance of the charter of the South African Chartered Co. A committee of the United States House of Representatives has recom mended a Bill to prohibit the immi gration of aliens without certificates from American consuls. LONDON, March 19, 7.50 a.m. In the House of Commons Mr Ashley moved a resolution endeavor ing to secure the world's agreement to uniform ratio value of gold and silver. Mr Goschen, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, said that England could not abandon her present single gold standard, and that the prospects of an agreement between the countries of the world on the monetary question were not brilliant. He was willing to enter into negotiations with other nations in thi matter. Mr A. J. Balfour approved of the monitization of silver, but added that it wab impos sible to force a double currency on Bankers who distributed silver. The motion was rejected. The New York " Herald" states that the commission appointed to in quire into the boundary differences between Venezuela and British Guiana, consider that the British claims are untenable. The Emperor William of Germany and King Humbert of Italy have ar ran.Ied to meet t Venice. The German authorities have or dered an inquiry to be made into the charges made against Herr Peters, late Government agent on the East Coast of Africa, fur maying through jealousy caused his negro mistress and her lover to be hanged. Mr Mild way's Bill providing for the labelling of foreign and colonial meat and cheese has passed its recond read ing by a majority of 157. The Queen has conferred on the Emperor of Austria an honorary Colonelcy in the King's Dragoons. The years losses to Cuba by reasoin of the recent insurrection have been estimated to be 134,000,000 dollars. Bidding continues very actiire at an advance on late rates. LoNDOo, March 2(1, 6.55 p.m. The Brisbane Freehold Trust of Austrn asia has declared a divid end of five per cent. The Privy Council has dismissed the appeal in the case Holder v. Queemmsland Meat Company. Ltd., and has confirmed the decision fixing th e vertu of trial. The ceremonies in connection with 'the coronation of the Czar at Moscow, which have lasted three weeks. They have been marked by unequalled splen dour. The triumphal entry into Moscow was of the most impressive character. Inspector Long has stated that it is now undoubted that the cattle lately arrived from New Zealand are free from disease. The following prices have been realised : Bynya, 9 5-8,1; Cobaan, 7 1-6d; Yabtree, 11d; Warrock 12 1-8d. Prices have advanced for Merinos .d per lb. Breadstuffs are firm; butter is dull at 94s to 100s; Danish is quoted at 106s. The Companies Bill now before the House of Lords prevents the business of a company being commenced until three-quarters of the allotted shares have been subscribed in cash. A member of the Venezuela Boun dary Commission denies the statement in the "New York Herald " that the members consider the British claims untenable. Martial law has been proclaimed in the immediate southern frontier of Egypt. It is reported that a representative of Italy is visiting Great Britain to arrange the plan of campaign for attacking the Devishes. M- Bertholet, speaking in the Chamber of Deputies, stated that there were serious financial,political,and other objections to the expedition, and to the indefinite prolongation of the occu pation of Egypt by England as the entire Egyptian reserve will possibly be absorbed. He thought the unani mous consent of the powers should be required before action was taken. The fall of Kassala is reported to be very improbable. Negro leaders, who have been act ing with the Shoans, have written to General Baldissera expressing anxiety to conclude peace. The Shoans have starved anl ma 1 treated prisoners in their hands. LoNnoN. March 21, 6.4h p.m. Last evening in the House of Com mons Mr John Morley moved a resolu tion to the effect that the Government be censured for the invasion of the Soudan. In the course of his speech in proposing the motion he expressed the fear that the Khalifs would be success ful, and if so the safety of Egypt would he endangered. He denounced strongly the Government's plans in connection with the expedition into Dongola as dangerous and inadequate for the con quest of the country. He further de nounced the operations as without rational basis. Mr Chamberlain replied that an im mediate and practical pclicy for the defence of the frontier was absolutely necessary, as the Dervishes engaged in frequent raids across the border and were a constant menace. If Kassala fell the effect to Egypt would be incal culable. The advance of the troops into the Soudan would be limited by the ex tent of the resistance. Mr George N. Ourzon declares that England should not evacuate Egypt until she had secured the country against external dangers and internal disorder. The expedition into Dongala was a necessary part of the work of teaching Egypt to rule themselves. Sir 'William Vernon Harcourt said that an advance to Khartoun2 was an inevitable result from the operations that had just been begun. He questioned the wisdom of the move, and generally surported Mr Morley's remarks. Mr A.. J. Balfour said it was impos sible for Great Britain to be satisfied with the position in Egypt until the Soudan had lbeen regained for Egypt. The British meant to advance into Dongala and stay there. (Lcud and prolonged applause.) A vote was taken, with the result that the Government secured a majority of J45 votes. The War Office has made arrange ments for the reinforcement of the British: and Egytian troops operating in the Soudan. LonDoN, March 22, C a.ni. It has been ascertainsd that there are 1,500 Italian prisoners in the hands of the Shoans at Adowa. They arc, it is alleged, very badly treated by their captors. The Dervishes advanced in large numbers on Kassala, but were met nsar the town by a body of Italian troops, whom they fiercely attacked. The Der vishes, however, were compelled to with draw, leaving many of their numbers dead on the field. They made three subsequent attacks on the Italian army, but were each time beaten back with heavy loss. The Fort Road has been re-opened, and no further fears are felt for the safety of Kassala. It is asserted that England and the United States have come to terms re garding the settlement of the boundary of British Guiana and Venezuela. An excellent spirit is now said to exist be tween the two countries regarding the question and the statement is made that Great Britain is willing that her claim should be considered to the country between the Schomburg and the Essiquibo lines. This is a recog nition hy England of the most extreme claim made by Venezuela. LONDoN, March 22, 6.45 a.ui. The Uitlanders arrested at Johannes burg for conspiracy against the Re public in connection with the invasion of Dr Jameson's forces have been charged at Pretoria. The accused re served their defence, and were com mitted for trial. An enquiry is demanded into the charges against Mr Cecil Rhodes by the Africander Congress, which urges that an early session of the Cape Parliament be called to discuss his action. The disturbances in the island of Crete have subsided, and affairs gene rally have assumed a more peaceful aspect. The Turkish authorities, who have control of the island, have granted a general amnesty to offenders. The Bill legalising marriage with a deceased wife's sister in any part of the Queen's dominion where such is per mitted by law, has passed through the House of Commons. The new cruiser Dido, which while being launched at Glasgow got caught in the ways and canted over when half immersed, has heen successfully floated. The Dido is a screw cruiser of 11 guns and of 5000 tons, with engines of 9600 horse power. Mr Chamberlain has promised Sir Saul Samuel, the Agent-General for New South Wales, to introduce a Bill providing for the reciprocal admission of solicitors in the colonies, and in Eng land. Mr Duncan Gillies, the Agent General for Victoria, considers the pros pects are favorable of obtaining an efficient railway manager in England He has had already applications for the position from two highly qualified men. In the case of King v. the Victo: ia Insurance Company of Queensland, the Privy Council have dismised the appeal with costs. In the case of Ogilvie v. the West Australian Mortgage Agency Company, the appeal has been allowed with costs. The election for Louth has resulted in the return of Mr McGee, a supporter of the National Party, of which Mr John Dillon is the leader. Mr McGee's majority was an increase on that secured by his predecessor, Dr Ambrose, at the last Louth election. Friday's sales closed firm at five per cent. above opening rates. On Satur day medium merinos were ten per cent. above January rates, and superior merinos and all the crossbreds were five per cent ahead of January prices. The United States House of Repre sentatives, by a majority of 109 votes, have passed a motion censuring Mr Bayerd the United States Ambassador in London. The censure is based on party lines, and it is expected that the resolution will be void, as if it be ignored by President Cleveland, which is considered probable, Mr Bayard wvill not resign. [Mr Bayard, who is a lawyer by pirofes. sion, was appointed early in President Cleve. land's 8econd administration (March, 1898) as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipo. tentary to Great Britain. Mr Bayard is the first Ambassador appointed by the American Government since the early (lays of the Republic, his predecessor ranking only as Envoy Extraordinary.] The announcement is made of the betrothal of Prince Alexander, of Servia, to Princess Marie. of Greece. 