LOCAL AttD GENERAL NEWS. N.S.W. Crkamkry Co.— Wo notice that Mr. Lance, tbo general manager of tho N.S.W. Creamery, is on a tour th^ougji tho district at present, and farmers tuid othcra intbrcstccr in the dairying business, should make a point of seeing him, and obtaining 'any information relativo to tho industry, whifcli Mr. Lance, will bo able \to supply. It ia^roported that tliis Company intenas to start a^lmcon. curing establishment, ih.connectioii with thoir Cream ery business, and this, if true, should be good nows for the district; Mr. Lance visited .Coraki Inst night: in coimeet ioir with tho pro nAonil nrrmniAri' liArn -'lwmfr tLfwrmiimill All llV Mr. J. Wightumu, of Liamoro, . Tlioy proceed t to Biuigawalbiii and Swan Bay .this (Friday) ] .morning. ' : '?'* _ ] Fatal Accident.— It is our painful 4duty i to have to rccoril tho death of a young mail, i Chester Andrews, the son of our respected -i mail contractor, Mr. K. Andrews, which. 'sad .] event occurred last Mbiiday afternoon- at Casino, of which town tho unfortunate young 1 man was a natiyo. It appears that for some I time ho has been training a pony for tlio jump- I ing events at the forthcoming Casino Show, and on this particular aftornoon was schooling tho animal over the hurdles, when, by sonio - mishap, the pony fell, severely crushing ..the rider, and dislocating his neck. Medical aid was immediately obtained, Init the poor young fellow was beyond tho help of man. The fat ality cast quite a gloom ovev the town, as young Andrew®, on account of his quiet un assuming demeanor, was a general favorite. The funeral took place at Casino on Tuesday afternoon, and a large number attended to pay tho last tribute of respect to one thus- cut down in the flower of his youth and tho threshold of promising manhood. We extend our dcopest sympathy to the bereaved parents in the hour of their affliction. . ? Acoiiiknt. — During the week a man of the name of Fnrdon, had the misfortune to drop a rail on his foot. :Very little notice of the affair was titkcn at the time, .but subsequently severe pains extending from the foot to the loins were expcricuced, and the sufferer had to consult Dr. M'Donagh, who pronounced the caso one of nervous rhcumntism. The pillion t is suffering acntt^pam/nnd had to return to Buckehrloon, wliere he resides. New Store. — We desire to draw attention to the advertisement in this issue in relat ion to Moorhead, Nesbitt. and M 'Master's busi ness, which starts here during tho incoming week, on the ' spot cash ' system, which has proved such an immense success in Liumore. This firm will spare no pains, to cater for the public wants, in every conceivable direction, iiriil announce that they will give values hitherto unheard of iu the district, in exchange for all kinds of produce, or tho 'current coin of the realm. Of footgear they make a speciality, tanning their own leather, and turning out boots manufactured by themselves. A visit to this place of business will, prove both pleasant ami profitable. Lowest Teni-eu.s.— ' Tenders for the follow iag were on Friday opened by tho Tender 15oard of tho Department of Public Works : — Bridge over Klcvcn-mile Creek, on the road from Casino to Liautore, a tenders, J. Hewit son lowest, £297 : bridge (low level) over Tucki Creek, on tlio road Tucki to Rous, 3 tenders, J. C. P. Wnlsh, lowest, £213 7s (id; bridge over Murom Creek, oil the road from Tucki to Rous, 4 tenders. J. W. Hewitson, lowest, £315. Road Contracts. — Tlie following tenders were opened at the Court House on Tucsday for the undermentioned works in Ballina dis trict : — uontracL!i/-!ii)-o,— imtenoario oiook let, lowest, C. Coleman, £72 15s. Contract 08-95-6, — Tinteiibar to Brooklet, lowest, C. Coleman, £80 10s. Contract 99-95-0, — Wood- burn to Dtingarubha, lowest, M. Lynch, £29 10.1. Contract 101-95-0, — Model Farm, lowest, H. Cockran, £74 (is. Contract 32-95-0, — Woodburn to Tucki, lowest, T. Pliipps, £6 12s. Contract 51-9f.-fi, — Alstonville to Boo yong, lowest, 1). Saner, £228. Contract 81 95-0,— Alstonville to Tcven Junction, lowest, A. Day, £32 Is 3d. Contract 89-95-(i,— Al- stonville to Tevcn Junction, lowest, R. Holmes, £119 Is Oil. Contract 94-95-0, — Alstonville to Booyong, lowest; J. Coleman, £78 5s. - Dance in Briooe-streetHall. — The lovers of the ' light fantastic ' will be pleased to hoar, that the dances, wliioh go so far towards breaking the monotony of the winter months, are about to lie resumed, and the opening, event- takes place in the Bridge-street Hall, oil Friday, 1st. May. When it is mentioned, that the supply of music, is in the hands of Mr. F. Nieolia, nothing further need be said.. With tip-top music, and a good floor, dancers will have everything their hearts could desire ; aud as the admission is on a very liberal scale we expect to see a bumper house. Agricultural Society. — We.wish to draw attention to the meeting called for tlie election of a Treasurer iu . the room of Mr. Napier (resigned), ahd'as the appointment is esseii tml, ' we hope members will roll.up,promptly. The meeting is at 3 P.M. 'in tho- Brnlge-Btreet Hall. Gioantic Work. — Tho scheme for which Mr. Kenwood is about to seek Parliamentary sanction is to give tlio citizens of North Sydney a bridge across the harbour and a ti-amway to tho centre of the city. Ihero will be a. clear headway of 150ft. above high water iiitirk. Tlie total estimated cost is about £400,000. , The New Woman-— At the National Council of Woman in Auckland, Professor Bickcrton rend a paper oii ' the problem of purity,' advocating that women should be financially free, and that marriage should be a union of love. A resolution was carried,— ' Tliut juries of married woman should try cases of infanticido and offences against women.' A motion in favour of its being undesirable was rejected. Latly Stout said she considered Chinese desirable immigrants oil account of their honesty, sobriety, industry, thrift, and kindness. 1 AcciDENT to a Separator. — A serious ac cident happened at Bega on Saturday morning at the separating station at'-Brown'Moiintain, attached to the New South Wales Creamery anil - Butter Company's,, fnotory. Soon after the separator had started running something went wrong, which resulted iu the bowl of the separator, which revolves at the rate of 5000 revolutions a: minute, being hurled voilently in in the air, and finally descending on the floor, through which it made a hole. The cast iron frame of the ninchiue was wrecked, and Mr. Green tlie'iriamigcr, and a supplier, who were both standing close by cscaped uninjured. Twenty Years Simiak- Farming. — While on the Tweed recently the Premier got into conversation with a Mr. Hynes— an old iden tity of tho Tweed. Mr. Hynes states' that he' had been growing cane for about 18 years, and had not mado a penny out of it.. 'Ah,' ex claimed -the Premier, becomiug interested, 'Vouarethe sort.;bf irmii* I wunr ' too' sen. I'm sorry I've not time now to Itavo a long talk with you,- but I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll come up again and spend a week with you, and five .at your, camp, ? and -bake- a clamper with yohj'anVVthen you can-tcll'me' all about the industry. . , ,, . . , , , . , . Mh. 'R.'l' veils Exi'tiAiNS. — Sonfe mi8untlcr stuuding has been occasioned regarding tho attitude of Mr. Pyers, M.L.A.', towards the Reid Ministry. SpcaUing at Coraki some days ago Mr. Pyers was reported to liuvc said, that he fully intended to give the present Govern ment a fair show, and if. a vote of his would turn them out of offico -he wouldn't give iu So far tis the seutenpo.goes it is perfectly cor rect, but lie gave as his- reason that about 12' months of the Reid policy would make more protectionists than anything else. ' ?A Successful Student. — Lust week his Ex cellency the Governor opened the new buil dings and distributed the prizes to the success ful students at the Hawkesbury Agricultural College; Amongst those who gained distinc tion wo are pleased to notice the name of Mr. Harald Crouch, son of Mr. F. (}. Crouch, formerly of Casino. This student was ii war ded the Minister's gold medal for greatest proficiency in dairying, also the Burdekin silver medal and College diploma, together with three valuable book prizes for general proficiency. We congratulate Air. Crouch on his success, and are pleased to seo one from tho Northern districts curry off such honors.' Solitude Estate. — This estate, close to Graff oii, was submitted to auction last Thurs day, under instructions from the executors in the estate of tho late John Cameron Lot 5, parish of Clarenza, containing 30 aores, was Bold at £12 per acre, Mr. Garvin M'Cullough, Surchoaor, £360. Lots 8 and 0, village of bwper, at £32 per aero, Mr. Thos. Daly, purcjiaser, £184. - Lot 10, allotinouts 5 and 0, Ilukti, £2 5s, Mr.' H. Kveringham, purchaser. A number of other, lots were passed in for. private sale, tho bidding not reaching vendors' reserves. Deputation of Unemployed.— Last week three representatives of' the unemployed vaiieu on me colonial oecreiurv, Mr. ttrunicor o ask that shelter uitd blankets should be irovided for tho, unemployed during^ tho ap Hoaching winter months. Mr. Brunker, ill eply, said ho anticipated lhat sufficient work vould bo available to prevent the need of such issiBtauce.. A.iiumbe^of.Governiil'enls works vero heing, pushed on as fast as possible in the Works Department in order that they might -e put in hand before the winter camoon, so ;hat there would he no need to provide the lecessities asked for by the deputation. Down on tjie Poor Selector. — At Tain ivorth Circuit Court last week R. G. Viokery, )wnor of the Bective Station, sued Frederick letinor, an adjoining selector, for £100, for trespass. The case lasted until nearly mid night, when by direction, the jury returned a verdict for defendant. Leave was given plniu tiff to move the Full Court to set aside tho verdict. . Kissing the Book. — An exchange points out that it cannot be too widely known that nobody is bound to ' kiss the Book' at all. Any witness may, if he chooses, elect to be sworn in the Scotch manner, which consists in uplifting the right .hand. The extraordinary thing is, that so many of the judges and magistrates of the inferior courts do not seem to be aware of this right, but we counsel any witness who desires to ussert it to persist in doingso, whatever may be said to the contrary. It is his absolute legal right, and if the magistrate attempts coercion he will fuil. Remarriage ok Divorced Persons. — The remarriage of divorced persons is agitating Knglish Church Union circles. On the clerical side.il is urged that ' it- ia no . essential-.'part of tho relations between church and State ; that when the Stale, without consulting the church',' '.'declares two people free to marry again', the State shall give them a right to demand to be married iu the chinch, and by the church.' To this, it is being replied, ':the church enjoys millions a year'ftoiii the State, because it is a Stato-made establishment, and it is bound to submit to whatever the State may choose to order.' If a citizen whose marriage the State has ' dissolved chooses to wed again, according to law he shall lie mar ried in the State Church, if it so pleases hiin. Off to Scotland.— We lenrn that Dr. Mae queen is about to visit Scotland in connection with some property to which he has lately become entitled in Inverness. The doctor iuforui8 us. that he expects to be ' away about 5 or 6 month?, nntl that Mrs. Mncqueen' and family will probably remain iu Lismore during his absence. -Star. A Peculiar Cask. — At the Brisbane police court on Monday a man named Henry Behb wus charged with drunkenness. The accused's son'-' was present, ami produced a doctor's certificate stating that his father was not drunk when arrested but was suffering from paralysis, and was now 'lying. It transpired that- he was eight hours in the cells before being bailed out. apparently triumphant tour through the Rich mond River district is being discounted as fully and freely as it is possible his opponents can. This is but natural. There are none so bitter against a man as those who envy his successes, but who fail to circulate thein when they have the opportunity. It ia said that the leader of the Opposition is roused to a state bordering ou hitter animosity against some members of his own following, on account of them kotooing to the Premier and Minister ialists generally. ? He alludes mainly,- it is in ferred, to the Northern Coast members. He looks upon Mr. Pyers as having thrown off his allegiance, while tho 'boss member of the North ' litis announced his intention of giving the Reid M iuistry a fair trial. Some people go so far as to think that if Mr. Kwing were offered a position in the Reid Ministry he would be drawn by the cords ; of Federation, unhesitatingly kick over Protection, and wire in with the dominant party. Messrs. Perry and Kelly; it is thought, would probably fol low the ' lioss ' in a move of that ' kind: — Examiner, Victorian Butter in London. — Tho quality of some of the Victorian butter placed ou the London market is yery inferior, and ae'rioii8 complaints are existent' ou the matter. Twelve months ago a difference of ? 10s per' cwtv in favor of the Danish product was the state of tho market, but owing to the above cause Victorian butter has receded to a difference of 12s ill favor of Denmark. Besides this, buyers complain that there is a peculiar flavor attaching to some brands, apparently the result of artificial feeding, which is dis tasteful to consumers. Another common fea ture is the unevenucss of different shipments of the same brand, more particularly among those of tho. second grade. One week they are clean, the next greasy, but a certain fishy flrvor predominates. This is attributed to the excessive beat, lately prevalent in Aus tralia ; and those factories which have good refrigorating arrangements, and keep their butter and cream at the proper temperature, arc not troubled with tlie fishy taste. Vic torian butter is the worst in this respect. A Rival to Australia. — Tho Argentine Republic is making a bold bid for a slice of tho meat export trade to Great Britain, three largo companies, well organised, being en gaged in catering for that innrkct. Dining .Inst year they exported aboiH two million carcases of frozen mutton, and twenty thou sand quarters of - frozen beef, principally to the United Kiugdom, and are preparing for a much larger output this year. If;Australia is to hold her 'own in the meat export trade prompt action is necessary in the matter. A meeting of pastoralista and others interested was held last week iu Sydney, hut nothing definite resulted. Cows and Dairy Fodder.— Kxtraots from American papers, on experimental farming in that country, show tho conclusion arrived at in respect to tho dairying there. Farmers are advised to start with- a few good cows, and gradually build up a herd as experience dic tates. . It. is a common thing to see farmers and others rush from the pursuit of one in dustry to that of another on encountering the least obstacle ; but anyone adopting dairying tiB a means of living must understand that it is not all a lied of roses, und not only must a 'careful record of the best paying cows he kept to act as a guide, but systematic feeding during the winter mouths is an absolute neces sity. Ill America, ensilage, as a milksupply ing food, is strongly recommended, being highly appetising, , which is. the very first essential of a oow s' ration. It has been proved tlin,t there is far more nutriment in the Btalks, leaves'aud husks of an acre of' corn than tlie ears of tho same area. A plentiful supply of pure water is also indispensable, aud a liberal ration of salt will give a handsome return for the outlay. Sugar Beet Culture.— With dairy farm ing in full swing through Southern Queens land the ' herds will need to feed all the yeur round, and nothing hotter could be found than tho Sugar beet. If sugar making were not possible, the crop would still be invaluable under proper conditions. But with the prob lem of mill erection properly solved, the farmers would make money at Imtli ends of the scale. They would be paid for their beet crops and then cart away the pulp after the juice had been extracted, as is dono in France and German}', to the satisfaction of cows everywhere, aud tho lienefit of their owners. Beet pulp is good feed in tho round of commo dities available for dairy farming, anil their seems no reason why we should not find our selves .working two great industries together — butter and sugar. There is pleuty of scope and much room.— Britbune Observer. . 