NEWS AND NOTES in a NUTSHELL. THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN ClovelnnfVs latest. Monroe doctrine lu oxcolsls. European Powcra warnod oft Soutli America. Uncle Sam would purchase the three Islands forming the Danish West In- tiles. Advised by Secretary Olney to give ten million dollars for them. The wheat market Is steady to-day. Business has been done at 5s per bushel for prime, buyers readily giving this price. A man convicted of theft told the City Court Bench this morning that, al though he had Imhmi to scvcml State Bolrools he could uclther read nor write. "Quartz has been called the mother of gold, hut we have not yet discovered the father." The lady ought to see Dr. Lloyd. This Is clearly a case for the sympathetic North Melbourne Bench. "We had n mstle, your "Worships, hut whether we hit each other or not. I flou't know." This was tho defence of a man charged at Collingwood this morning with unlawfully wounding another. City wenther— Readings by Gaunt's Instruments at noon tp-day:— Barome ter, 28.875, falling rapidly. Thermo meter, In the. sun,. 04 degrees; In tlic shade, GO degrees. Rjilofall for tho last 21 hours, 0.01 Inches. A case, In which. a. man. Inflicted an ugly wound upon the head of his nephew, by striking him with a bridle, was hoard at Camhcrwell to-day. The charge was altered from unlawfully wounding to common assault, and a fine Inflicted. A muscular lorrymnn, giving evi dence at the Marine Court enquiry In to the cause of the tire on the Cintra, did not "think much of handling cases nf four hundredweight." He said he often handled packages of six or seven hundredweight unaided. The story of the arrest of Mrs Mo.v- lan, on a charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm on her two children, at Jtlnck Flut, near Oaklelgh, last night. Is given In another eohmiu in the form of an interview with Senior-Constable Ryan. It is a very painful narrative. A boy giving evidence In a prosecu tion at .ColHitgwood to-day said that iho net-used, who was charged with assaulting and robbing an old man, had thrown away sonic money when chased, because he did not want to Iki.vo any on him when he "got nicked." Smart lad. A man stood in the dock at Colling- wood this morning on a very serious charge— "wounding." The link In the evidence as to the stabbing was absent. No one saw a knife "used, though a man in a scuffle was seen to I re bleed ing from wounds on his hack. The accused, therefore, was discharged. President Krugcr Justifies the arrests made at Johannesburg by saying that his Government has evidence of a wide spread conspiracy to seize the Trans vaal on bclmlf of the British South Af rica Company. Sixty people arc charged with treason. So Sir Hercules Robinson reports to Mr Chamberlain. The little lioy Burnett Moylnn, who —along with his sister— was murderous ly assaulted by his mother with a ham mer at Black Flat last evening, died in the Alfred Hospital shortly after 3 o'clock this morning. IJis little sister Is In a critical conditio, but Dr.. Mor ton holds out a slight hope of her re covery. Mr Hake, the Chief Inspector of Ex plosives, Is evidently not afrakl of the dangerous materials over which he ex ercises his supervision. He stated at the Cintra, fire Inquiry to-day that, re cognising that the famous case with the acids was dangerous, ho had It removed from the Customs shed to a place of safety— at the rear of his olUce. One would prefer not to be working in that oflicc until the case and Its contents bad been 'taken far away. Slr-Wllliam Olive and Co,, lK»ot manu facturers, who lately advised us that they had 100 pairs of old IhkXs to glvo away, intimate to-day that they have divided them between the Salvation Army, Immigrants' Homo ami Benevo lent Asylum. We hud Included other Institutions with those named In our own recommendation to the firm. We ask the mtuiaglug l>odles concerned to necqit this notification of what the donors have decided to do. A. man, charged with fraud on tho "confidence", plan, complained to the bcuch that .his Identification - was u shameful procedure. The police sor- I geaht In nuothcr district was pro- 1 Rent, and wheu tho prosecutor remark- I ed In a dubious fashion, "I think that I wan Is tho one," at the same time cast- I a glance at accused, tho officer said I him "Put your hand on him, man." I Theprosecntbrdld as he was told. "And I acchned added In comment, tlley "ay .1 .was identified." lie ..was I remanded The Bulla rat stock marlcet was In active to-day. Our HcnOigo correspondent briefly de scribes the local stock and share murket this morning as " sick." Tho deposit receipts for IATCO, of which .lames >Leun told the police he had been robbed, on the Richmond race course yesterday, have been fouud. They were picked up on tho course by a .voting man. naiucd BenJuAiin Wilder, and handed in to the Detection Ofllee. M'Lcnn. on recovering his property, handed Wilder £1 I The chairman of the Lengher Water Trust, Introduced by the bon. J, W, Tnverncr. saw the Minister of Water Supply tills morning, and naked tluit. a dam anil well on the Loddon should he takeii over as national works. Mr Fester promised that, if a formal appli cation were scut. In, he would refer the application tp the Water Supply Com mission. Tho Australian squadron at Norfolk Bay to-day, and to-morron in lull fighting trim.. Interesting sham fight and general inanceuvr't in"' the '-presence of VietoriaV Governor, on board tho Sunbeam. Practical demonstration of the powers of acids, whon acting upon other chemicals, given boforo tho Marino Board this morning, in tho courao of tho Cintra firo enquiry, Mluiaturo fire works, explosions and smoke quito on- livonod the official proceedings. " Aro you awaro that in placing sodium with ncids in a esse you wore making ni infornal macbino almost 1" was tho start ling query put by Sir Bryan O'Lochlon to a witnoss at the Cintra Fire Enquiry this morning. Tho witness admitted that ho w«s not aware that he had beon guilty of such u proceeding. How dangerous acids should bo packed nnd shipped formed tho main subject of investigation at tho Cintra inquiry this morning. A diObrence botwoen wit- noses as to what is tho usual practice in shipping acids. One stated that special notice had to bo obtained from tho agents, and another asserted that the bill of lading was sufiiciont notice. 