SUMMARY. The sentences upon tho Transvaal prisoners have been dealt with. Eight prisoners havo been discharged, lour havo had their sentences reduced to oue year, and 19 to three months' Im- - prlsonmcnt. The sentences upon IS liavo not been Interfered with. Four members of the Johannesburg Reform Committee who refused to petition for clemency, have been ordered to undergo their original sen tences. All the fines upon Transvaal reformers aro being enforced, but the sentences of banishment will be suspended If the affected persons agreo not to engage In polities. Tbo "Standard" says that President Kruger's clemency has been grudgingly exercised, and Is a mere act of expediency. Sir Hercules Robinson states that the sentences of 15 years' imprisonment on Colonel Rbodes and Messrs. Phillips, Farrar, and Hammond will bo revised within a week, as they are merely mat ters of form. . "The Times" asserts that Mr. Cloete was tem porarily appointed British agent at Pretoria owing to the Transvaal Government objecting to Sir, Graham Bower's nomination. .The demands of the men In the London build ing trades for increased pay have been conceded by 90 of the principal employers, and 5000 strikers have resumed work. The other employers aro expected to concede the demands. By the fall of a chandelier In tho Paris Opera. , _ House a lady .was killed, and-mauy 61" the""audl- euce fled panic-stricken Into tho street, believing that a bomb bad been exploded. The rioting among the Cornish and East Coast fishermen has grown worse, and two gunboats have been sent to quell the disorder. A forco of military is in possession of Penzance. Prince. Ferdinand having proposed the toast of "The. Great Powers" at a State banquet at Sofia, the Russian envoy insisted on that of Russia taking precedence. Prince Ferdinand resented tho interference. Dillonite members of the Irish party are press ing the Parnellite section to co-operate at aff Irish Political Convention in Dublin. The United States House of Representatives ' has decided that all immigrants shall be obliged to pass an educational test before being admitted to the country. The first clause of the Farmers' Relief Bill has been passed by the House of Commons in commit tee. The French Ambassador at the Czar's corona tion has been received with remarkable honors at Moscow. Rinderpest and horse disease are very severe' between Pietermaritzburg and Fort Bull!, and the rivers aro polluted with carcases. Tho situa tion is regarded as grave. The Australian cricketers sail for America on September 8th, and arrangements have been made for three matches in Philadelphia, one at Now York, and one at San Francisco. Mr. Borchgrevink's Antarctic expedition starts from London in September, and will call at Mel bourne on Its way to Cape Adare. A. V. Linton, the English cyclist, has covered 30 miles in an hour, beating all previous records. Mr. Reld told a deputation yesterday that In England the temperance bodies had corns to see that they had been trying to do too much, and that there was a similar disposition among our own societies. The Premier says that In the Cabinet there is a large majority in favor of local option, he and Mr. Want being the only members opposed to it. The Premier is of opinion that any attempt to suppress the liquor traffic would mako it ten times worse. Every effort that ran counter to the wishes of the majority of the peoplo would fall. A return, laid on the table of the Assembly yes terday, shows that the total cost to the Crown o£ tho notorious Dean case has. so far, been £4553 13s. In the Assembly last night a bill was passed through all its stages to guard the colony against the importation ot cattle or cattlo products Irom. ticlc-lnlested districts. The Fisheries Department has already taken very stringent action to prevent the depletion ot tho fish supply In the Murray River. The Public Works Committee lias reported in favor of the construction ol a line of railway from Nevertire to Warren. At a meeting of the Iletton miners' lodge at Wicltbam yesterday, a strong determination was shown by the men to continue the strike until tlieir full demands are conceded. Inquiries made in Sydney yesterday show that so far tho leading northern colliery proprietors havo made no offers of concessions to tho mluers on strike. The Colonial Secretary (Mr. Brunkor) Is striving to bring the northern coal strike to a pacific con clusion, but he has not a commission from tho jnineowners to do so. The coal trado in the south continues to ho brisk, hut tho collieries aro equal to. a large fur ther expansion of the demand for their product. At the Homebush fat stock sales yesterday, 39.C70 sheep were penned and 1271 cattlo yarded for sale. A tender has been accepted for tho erection ofi now offices and laboratories for the Board o£ Health in Macquarie-stroet. Yesterday, at Hay, the hearing of tho Clare land cases was continued. Mr. W. A. Cottee, manager of the Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance Company gavo evidence. In the Divorce Court yesterday, Cecilia Shying secured a divorce from her husband on the grounds of cruelly, adultery, and desertion. She married at 14 years of age. The Victorian Minister for Defence is preparing a bill to permit of the Victorian defence forces be ing used for the defence ot any part ot Austral asia. On the Sydney Stock Exchange yesterday thero were fair sales of investment stocks, the instances of a rise and fall being about evenly balanced. In mining shares, on the Stock Exchange yes terday, the gold companies were very active, and a number were higher. Silver shares were weak. The .only leatnre in the import markets yester day was the tea sale, at which Indian teas realised better prices. Mr. Clement Wragge's forecast lor to-day is "Unsettled and cloudy, with turtlier rain condi tions. soon clearing; sea fresh south from Syd- ney." A fire at Dungog yesterday morning destroyed a storeroom and contents, valued at £1500. Thero was no Insurance. A deputation yesterday asked the Minister lot! Works to raiso the minimum wage fixed for iron- moulders in Government contracts. The Min ister promised to make inquiries. The Public Works Committee yesterday further considered tho proposal to construct a series of locks and weirs on tho River Darling. Mr. R. D. Jones, the acting chief inspector of stock, said ho was favorable to tho scheme. Yesterday the hearing of the Mqrcadool land cases was continued at Gunnedah before the local land hoard. Ysterday a deputation urged tbo Premier to remove tho abattoirs to Rosedale, on tho banks of George's River, where it was stated that HJ acres of land could he secured for £1000. Yesterday the Minister for Mines and Agricul ture told a deputation that lie would obtain a re port upon tho matter of establishing an experi mental farm between Berrima and Moss Vale. Mr. R. D. Meagher, solicitor, will appear beforo tho Full Court to-day to show cause why he should not be struck oft the roll. An Intercolonial rust-in-wheat confercnco was commenced in Melbourne yesterday, when tho re presentatives decided to invite millers to attend, and discuss the milling properties of wheat. II. M.S. Dart left the harbor yesterday for a surveying cruise. The Danish schooner Helone, bound from New Britain to Europe, with copra, put Into Port Jackson yesterday leaking. The salvage steamers Sophia Ann and Mermaid, returned to Sydney yesterday from the wreck of the Cattertliun through stress of weather. Work will shortly be commenced on the railway deviation at Dargan's Creek. Some 200 men will probably be employed in July. A deputation of engineers aud others on harbor steamers yesterday asked tile Premier to give a prominent place on his programme to the Amend ing Marine Hoard Bill. General rains have beon reported throughout the colony and at places heavy fails wero expori- euced. At Wyndliam on Tuesday 3 Inches of rain fell. The excess of water caused the dam at the Jlngera sliver mlne3 to burst, 30ft. of tho embankment being carried away. A flying survey is to bo made in West Australia of a railway lino from Kalgoorlie to Kanowna. There aro now 125 typhoid fever patients In tho Coolgardlo Hospital, and tho fever is still pre valent on tho goldfields. Special facilities are being offered by tho Rail way Commissioners for visits during tho holidays to the many pleasure resorts acccssiblo by rail from Sydney. 