'? Magna e*( venta$ it pravaUbit.' MONDAY, NOVBMBEE 22, 1898. Local and General. Convention Gala.— A Convention Gala will be held in the grounds at the Deanery to-morow afternoon, to be opened by Bishop Camidge. There will be a sale of articles and amusement in the shape of a Punch and Judy show. The Missing Explorers.— The South Australian Government has Bent out an organised party to search for the two missing members of the Calvert Exploring Expedition. Wolfe's 8ohnapp8 depurates and purifies the blood by increased action of the kidneys, and prevents a dangerous morbid ness of Jthose organs. Commandant Booth. — Commandant and Mrs, Booth, the heads of the Salvation Army in Australia, are to be welcomed to Sydney this week. They will arrive from Melbourne on Wednesday, accompanied by Colonels Kilbey and Peart and staff, and will conduct a series of demonstra tions extending over the following Sunday. Kangaroo Legs.— The Chief Inspector of Stock is desirous of knowing if kangaroo shooters are in the habit of taking out the tendouB of kangaroos when they shoot them, or if not, what price they would charge for those from the hind legs. Those interested in this matter should communicate with Mr. Sydney Smith, local Stock Inspector. Fatal Riding Accident.— A wire from Mudgee says : — A fatal accident happened here on Friday afternoon. Miss Murray, of Thorpe's Pinch, Bathurst road, who was spending her holidays here, went out with a riding party, when her horse bolted, jumped a fence, and dashed her against a tree. It is said two young fellows had previously met their death through the same horse. Good for Him. — An Adelaide exchange tells of a man who was in the South Australia railway department earning £200 a year. He got retrenched, and is now in the Argentine Republic holding a re. sponBible position, for which his pay totals £4000 yearly. How that individual ought to bless the Ministry who retrenched him. Query ; Is it dollars or pounds ? The Lambing Season.— The Stock Department has obtained returns of the winter lambing. They show that in 34 districts out of 65 there were 1,911,192 lambs marked from 3,504,213 ewes, giving an average of 54fc per cent for the whole colony, an increase of 24$ per cent on the returns for the year 1895. The lambing in a number of districts was good, con sidering the season of the year. In others, however, it was low principally in the central division and north-western portions of the colony. This was owing to the dry weather and want of grass and water, and consequent low condition of the ewes ; also on account of the prevalence of native dogs. Taking the autumn and winter lambing together, it is shown that the number of lambs marked was 8,097,287 from 13,942,786 ewes. This gives an average of 58 per cent., and again 51$ per cent, for 1895. The spring lambing re turns from about 29 districts' will be due about the end of next month. Long Livers. — There are twelve resi- dents in the Bulga district, near Singleton, whose ages total nearly 900 years. The oldest residents are Mr. Peter M'Alpin and Mr. W. G. M'Alpin, the former being 87 and the latter 86. They are natives of Stirling, in Scotland. They arrived in this country in the year 1812 by the steamer General Graham, Captain Wat- son in command. The latter remarks that they are, no doubt, the oldest im- migrants in the colony. Mrs. James Clark is also 86 years of age. She has resided at Bulga for a period of 51 years, and has been blind, the last 20 years of her life. She is a native of Scotland. Mr. Thomas Eather has reached the age of 82 years, and Mrs. Eather that of 74. These two resi- dents are natives of Richmond, Hawkes- bury. They have resided at Bulga for a period of 35 years. Mr. William Par- ridge is 70 years of age, and Mrs. Part- ridge 75, They are natives of England, and arrived in New South Wales 42 years ago. Mr. Thomas Haynes is 72 of age, and Haynes 70. They are natives of Eng- land, and have resided at Bulga for the past 41 years. Mr. Coe is 69, and Mrs. Coe 68. Both are natives of England, and have lived at Bulga for 34 years. Lastly, there is Mrs. Holmes, who is 56 years old, and is a native of Bulga. With the exception of Mrs. Holmes the others are related by marriage. Another Storm.— Another rain-storm passed over Bathurst shortly after noon to- day. The rain was very heavy on the bills to the south and west of the city, but ' only light in the opposite direction. The - crops are now looking splendid, and a fair ? average wheat crop is assured. I Lemon Juice for Diphtheria. — For many years (says the Magazine of Phar macy) pure lemon-juice has been recom mended as the best tonic for diphtheria and sore throat in general, and we have known a case in which the son of a medical man in one of the Paris hospitals cured himielf of diptheria by constantly sucking oranges or lemons, a small basketful of which were placed for thiB purpose at his bedside. We see that a Danish physician, Dr. Book, of Copenhagen, recommends in the treatment of diphtheria a xo per cent solu tion of citric acid, to be given in spoonful doses every two hours. Thinning the Pines. — Every year it has become more and more apparent that j the pines growing in Machattie Park were too thick, and many suggestions have been thrown out to remove them in order that the other trees in the vicinity could have a chance to grow. The trees in many parts of the Park are being choked and f the grass under the pine trees is always ! kept back. We are pleased to see that steps are now being taken to thin out these trees, and in their places 1 trees of a choicer character will be planted. Doubtless the out-cry will again be raised, at it has been raised before, that the axe is being too freely used, but those who have always been so ready to raise this cry need only remember what judgment has been used in the past by those in authority, and to notice how well their action has been rewarded. 