CABLES. liONDOM, Jan. ] 4. the Times declares that England is etill confronted with a critical outlook. President Kroger has cancelled the licenses granted to Uitlanders permitting them te carry on operations in the Transvaal, and large seizures of property have been effected by the orders of the Bo?r Government. The members of the Uitlanders' Union have pointed out to the authorities that they will demand compensation for outrages. Lord Rosebery, speaking at a public meeting at Edinburgh, said the present state of foreign affairs was a cause of the.greatest anxiety to the Cabinet, and demanded the most concentrated, vigilant, and sympathetic attention of all : political parties in the kingdom. The Standard, in an inspired article, gives the assurance that the recent strained relations between England and Germany are at an end, and the position of affairs between the two countries lias \- resumed its normal condition. Mr. Cecil Rhodes has .sent a cable- ; gram to the New York World, in which he points out that the Uitlander population of Johannesburg is largely composed of Americans, whose interests are involved in common with the British, on behalf of whom from time to time attempts hive been made to obtain their rights. He appeals to the American people to extend sympathy and support to their natural ally, England, rather than to Germany, and urges the United States Government ta discontinue bickering with Great Br.tain over Venezuela. The relations between America and England are improving. The Times recommends that Venezuela had better request the Government at Washington : to faciliate the renewal of diplomatic relations witli England. A large issue of 4 per cent, bonds by the American Government has been fully subscribed by the public without any assistance from the financial houses, which offered to iloat the loan. Jacquet Meyer, the absconding Paris banker, has committed suicide. Maxwell MacDonald has been appointed Minister at Pekin in succession to N. R. O'Conor, who resigned the position last year. Sir Henry Norman has been interviewed, and is reported to have expressed the opinion that the principal towns of Queensland were suffering from the presence of dissolute unemployed. He de clares that the colony presents a splendid field for energetic immigrants. LONDON, Jan. 15. Lord Salisbury, in replying to Mr. Reid, Premier of New South Wales, sayB Her Majesty's Government are heartily thankful for the patriotic assurance of sympathy and support sent from Australia. He declares that nothing gives greater confidence to the British Government in maintaining its rights, than the knowledge that it has the fnll approval and goodwill of the colonies. The Boers continue to make further arrests in Johannesburg. Among those recently imprisoned by order of President Kruger, is W. Davies, an Australian', well- known in the Transvaal. Barney Barnato, the prominent South . African speculator and banker, in addressing a meeting of shareholders in London to- day, estimated that the depreciation in the value of property throughout South Africa had amounted in six months to the gigantic total of a hundred millions. This depreciation he attributed almost entirely to the scare which resulted from recent eyents in the Transvaal. During 1895 the mines which he represents yielded over a milljon and three qaurters, of which nearly; a - million was distributed as dividends. The Duke of Westminster/Chairman of the Armenian Relief Committee in London, in a speech on the present con dition of Turkey, said that England •wanted to know who it was that had thwarted Great Britain's endeavours to stop the Sultan's red-handed villiany, whereby this monster in human shape was enabled to destroy the lives and property of 50,000 oppressed Armenians. A new phase of the Eastern Question is the report that an effusive friendship is shown between the Turks and Russians on the Asian frontier. A banquet has been given in honor of Ismael Bey, the former ruler of Sassoun, the district in Armenia where the worst massacres and atrocities were committed by the Kurds and Turks. The London Daily New.«is responsible for the statement that France has recommended that the Armenian refugees should be handed over to the Sultan. LONDON, Jan. Mi. The burghers of the Transvaal have sent a petition to President Kruger in which they ask that the Government should demand from Great Britain the revocation of the latter's suzerainty over the Transvaal, arrangedin 1884. The South African Chartered Companies troop of horse hae been disarmed. Mr. Cecil Rhodes has left the Cape for England. The German newspapers officially announce that the Emperor William has not apologised to Queen Victoria. Mr. Balfour, in a speech delivered at Manchester, said that he was unaware that any Power was prepared to dispute England's decision to exercise a completely independent control over the Transvaal as far as the foreign policy of the latter country was concerned. He also declared that the British Empire was never in better order as a fighting machine, and was fully prepared for war if necessary. The British forces, under the command of Sir Francis< C. Scott, have successfully overcome all difficulties on the road, and are now reported to be within 20 mile3 or Coomassie. Queen Victoria has sent an autograph letter to the Sultan of Turkey with reference to the Armenian trouble. Her Majesty urges the Sultan to ameliorate the condition of his Christian subjects. Two collisions, by which 18 lives were lost, have occurred in the English Channel. The Governor of Malta, General Sir Arthur J. Lyon Premantlc, has instructed his Council to rescind the order by which heavy duties are received on fro/.en meat from Australia and elsewhere. LONDON, .Jan. 18. General Wolseley, Commander-in- Chief of the British Army, has declared that he has never known the Army to be better prepared for war. The Electrical Engineers' Society has offered to organise a service for the national defence. Mr. Chamberlain, in a speech delivered to-day, said that the national difficulty in which Britain had recently been placed proved that the old spirit was alive throughout the Empire, which, with its vast resources, was never better able to meet an emergency. Britain and Portugal are parleying over a new agreement regarding their interests in Africa. It is rumoured that Britain has bought Delagaa Bay from the Portuguese. The Cologne Gazette, in a savage attack on Britain, urges that the complete independence of the Transvaal be obtained at a time when Britain is imperilled. Queen Victoria, in a message to the Sultan, warns him that his throne is endangered by the delay occurring over the reforms which he promised should be initiated. The Sultan has replied that the massacres of Armenians by the Turks have been much exaggerated. He was willing to guarantee tha settlement of the question. LONDON, Jan. 18. The Venezuelan dispute is stjll unsettled. The latest outcome is a suggestion from Mr. Richard Olney, the United States Secretary of State, who advocates the purchase by the United States from Denmark of the Danish West India Islands. Mr. Olney considers it absolutely necessary for the United States to have a naval base in the West Indies, as a counterpoise to Great Britain's commanding position. He would be willing to give the Danes two millions for the three Islands of St. Croix, St Thomas, and St. John. It is reported that President Cleveland has expressed himself as willing if requested by the South American Countries to prohibit, in the name of the United States, the cession of any South American Territory to a European Power on any pretence whatsoever. Having accomplished his mission, Sir Hercules Robinson has left Pretoria on the return journey to Cape Town. In replying to Mr. Chamberlain's cable, Sir Hercules states, that since the fight at Krugersdorf, over sixty arrests have been made by the Boers from among the most prominent business men in Johannesburg. The Transvaal Government, it is alleged by their supporters, have in their possession evidence which goes to show that Dr. Jameson's incursion was only an incident of a wide spread conspiracy on the part of the British to seize the Transvaal for the Chartered South Africa Company. In consequeuce of a biuudary quarrel, which has suddenly arisen between Chili and the Argentine Republic, Chili has occupied all the passes of the Cordilleras, commanding the approaches approaches into the Argentine. It is stated that neither the Russian, Austrian, or German Consuls will attend the conference at Zeitoun, to be presided o rer by the British Consul. Mons. Charles Thomas Floquet, formerly Presidentof the French Chamber of Deputies and Premier, who in 1888 fought the famous duel with General Boulanger, is seriously ill. Cardinal Vaughan, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Westminster has appointed Monsignor Jacques as Bishop of Port Augusta, South Australia. 