LOCAL AND GENERAL. A meeting of the Montana Progress Committee was held at Mr. Hack's rwldence on Thursday. Present—Messrs. Haok (chairman), Nathan, Chas. WrigU, and J. F. Clements (secretary). Mr. Wright informed the committee that, in conjunction with Mr. Hack, he had waited on Mr. Warden Finaerty re removal of sand from H antstreet soatb, and that the Warden bad immediately had the nuisance abated. The secretary was instructed to canvass the .suburbs for subscriptions to defray current expenses and cost of erecting a fence around the sandpit. Mr. Katham informed the committee that children were in the habit of removing firewood and destroying trees on various blocks, and it was reeolved to warn the inhabitants of sucb.- It was resolved that immediately the sale of Montana blocks Is gazetted, a committee meeting be held to arrange for a meeting of all residents. On the motion of Mr. Nathan it was decided to write to the postmaster and ask w hen the postal pillar, promised some time ago by the <3 overt ment, would be ready for erection and to suggest that it be placed at the corner of Bunt and Wilkie streets, opposite Montana Store. The secretary informed the meeting that he had waited on the council and was informed that no acknowledgement had been received to the petition sent to the Minister for Lands some time ago. Snakes are becoming unpleasantly numerous in Montana, no fewer than seven having been killed during the past weeksclose to the Chnrch or England school. Mr. H. L. Griffith, who is a resident of our southern snburb, brought one of the reptiles in a bottle into the PIOM»KR office. It was of diminutive e'ze, beine only 7 or 8in. long, of brownish color, with yellow and red specks. It is not known yet whether this particular kind of snake is venomous or not, but it will be safe to treat them* with caution. About 12 months ago Mr John M'Cabe was staying at a certain hotel in town when he had a splendid gold presentation watch and chain stolen, be was agreeably surprised last Friday to reccive by post a email parcel, which, on opening, he found to be his long lost watch and chain. It was nicely packed in a ladies' purse, and boTe the 25-Mile postmark. Mr. M'Cabe will be thankful to know the address of the sender, as h« wishes to return the purse. The fact that ,a daily mail is now being despatched to Menzies has not so far discovered itself to the l'st hung up outside the Post Office, denoting the arrivals and departures of Her Mejesty'6 mails. According to this antedeluvian time-table,' mails ar only despatched bi-we?kly to the Capital of the North-east Coolgardie goldiield, and although the officials eagerly volunteer the information that the list is au old one, no one has so far besu moved with the Bpirit of energy to modernise it. A writ for £10,000 damages has been issued by Mr C. W. Scott agaiost the Coolgardie Forwarding Agency and Carrying Company, Limited, for alleged malicious prosecution in connection with the recent case in which Mr Scott was charged with appropriating £220, the moneys of the company. Many persons having expressed a desire to see the wonderful Eontgen X rays, we learn that Mr. Meyer and Dr. Deane arc making arrangements to give a scries of public demonstrations. The apparatus— which is the first of its kind introduced to W.A—has in their hands produced splenjid results. A man, P. Grotty, employed at the Pro- prietary mine, Black Flag, was bitten by a fed and black spider on Tuesday afternoon last. Spirits were administered in large quantities and medical aid sent for. The man is now recovering. ^ Herr Rasmnssen, the well-known Danish bcrbalis 1 of Sydney, has opened a branch of his extensive business in Bayley - street, adjoining the Coolgardie Hotel. Starting in a small way in New South Wales Eome eleven years ago Herr Rasmussen has, by judicious advertising and business energy, succeeded in forming one of the largest medicine establishments south of the line, his herbal remedies being largely consumed all over the world. That he will Boon possess a flourishing and popular branch in Coolgardie there is not the slightest doubt. Cr. Levinson,-who is always, to the fore where the interests of the people are concerned, has thrown out the good suggestion to hold a race meeting during the Christmas week in aid of the St. John of God Hospital, which will be opened at the earlieat possible date. " At the meeting it is proposed that only local horses are to be allowed t) compete. Application has been made throngh Cr. Moore for the use of the racecourse, and the Race. Club Committee are perfectly willing to grant it, providing that the W.A. Turf Club.will sanction it. The Racing Club are agreeable to support the worthy object OB far as lies in their power, and a meeting with tlie object of electing a committee and arranging preliminaries will be held at an early date next week. This will not only Be a benefit to the hospital, but will also be a boon to local sportsmen who would otherwise not be catered for during that festive week. IT the weather is not excessively hot no doubt pleasant day Will be provided for the people, The Revision Court, which was to have been held on the 12th, was opened before Mr Finnerty, R.M.,oa Monday morning. Mr Von Bibrs, the registrar, had nearly 2,000 forms presented to him, and out of that number only 41 were taken exception to. About 12 months ago, the residents of Gibraltar petitioned the Government to hare dams sunk in the district in order to provide a supply of drinking water for the inhabitants. No notice was taken of the petition until about a month or two ago, when soms men were sent to Gnarlbine for the purpose ofsinking two or three trial holes. Green timber was used for the purpose of lining the holes with the result that the water has become stagnant, and is now likely to breed typhoid. As there are over 2,000 people in tne neighbourhood this isa serious matter, and the residents should once more lay the matter before the Government. At Perth on Tuesday morning an accident, happened to Common. He got cast in his box, and one of the veins in his nose burst, and he bled for some time. He was so knocked about that M'lvor considers be will be unable to start at Canning Park tomorrow. Letters and telegrams are now lying at this office for the following:—G Woodman, " J.W.," Robert Wassen, William Staughton, J. Randell, "Copyist," Miss Mernga, " Prospector," W. J. Beaumont, Mrs. Robert, George H. Barrow, Miss Mackay, William Carlile, H. Macmillan. E. J. Caber, Win, Brodrick, G. Hetherell. For the purpos i of establishing a more comple'c Ejstem of obtaining news from the capital, it has been decided to increase the stafE at our Perth office. With this view. Mr. E. Newton M'Culloch, a member of the literary stall of this journal, has been despatched to Perth, where he will take up the duti.s of special correspondent. Our Perth letter will in future be one of the features of the paper, and will be found to contain all the latest political, social, aud sporting news of Perth and Fremautle, written in interesting style. In addition, the Perth telegrams will be more numerous and lengthy than heretofore. Mr. M'Culloch, whilst here, made a host of friends, who will regret his departure, The arrivals from the Kast at Fremautle for the past week, according to a Perth contemporary, numbers several thousands. Despite the nearness of the Christmas exemptions ami the abnormally congested state of the goldiields' labor markets, the influx shows no si^n of s'askuning. On the contrary, as Max Nordau puts it, "the stream of immigration pours forth from the Eastern seaports like the life-stream from a deadly wound in the body of a nation, jet after jet in constantly increasing volume," the thirst for gold, coupled with the blighted state of the Bast, driving thousands to leave their homes and cross the ocean. If the Government persist in adhering to their insane proposal of granting a lengthened period of exemption, it will spell ruin to the business people and starvation to those who have come over here iu search of work. There are now in the Colony of West Australia 93,701 males and 38,346 females. The fact that the vast majority of immigrants are men—ami in the prime of life too —accounts for this, but the proportion—five males to every two females—:s becoming somewhat alarming. The many friends of Mr. J. H. Harvey will w regret to learn of his demise, which took place at Miss O'Brien's private hospital on Tuesday night, at the early age of 26. Mr. Harvey took to his bed about a fortnight ago, suffering from pneumonia, and about a week ago he took a turn for the worse, and despite every attention and care the end came as before stated, Mrs Harvey (hie mother) being with him to the cncL Mr. Harvey was secretary of the Stock Exchange, Coolgardie. which was recently opened. He leaves a wide circle of friends to whom this news will come es a great shock. As showing what a Coolgardie Willy Willy really cau do when it s'.arle out on a business tour, we have been shown part of a pane of plate-glass 2-16th of an inch in thickness which was on Tuesday afternoon blown out of the front office window of Messrs Dixon and Co., in Ford-street, by a Willy Willy, which - entered unannounced by the back door. The Perth Trades and Labor Party have decided to invite Mr.Trenwith, the Victorian Labor Leader, to visit Perth and deliver a course of lectures. Mr. Trenwith is- now at Colombo on his way back from England. A youth named Wm;. Mitchell, aged 17, was thrown from his horse at Bprbanks' < on Tuesday afternoon. He sustained severe injuries, his right leg-being badly_shattered below the knee. He was conveyed to the hospital, where his leg was set, and every effort will be made by the medical attendants to save the injured member* . - . . 