HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9. The SPEAKER (Sir Jenkin Coles) took the chair at 2 p.m. THE HOSPITAL RESIGNATIONS. Mr. COPLEY asked if the Premier had any information to give the House in reference to the resignation of the junior resident medical officers of the Adelaide Hospital, and whether oScers of the AdeTaide-HospitaL^and """"?he would state the reasons which, led to their ?* resignation "* ~ The ATTORNEY GENERAL (Hon. C. C. Kingston)—Nothing except this—That the matter will be considered by a special meeting of the Hospital Board to- morrow. Mr. COPLEY asked if the Premier would lay on the table a copy of the letter containing the reasons of the medical staff for resigning. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL did not pro- pose to do so before the letter was considered by the Hospital Board. MR. J. A. HARTLEY, B.A. The MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. Dr. Cockburn), in reply to Mr. SCHEEK, said an improvement had taken place in the con- dition of the Inspector-General of Schools, who fell into a natural slumber at about 10 that morning, and who was still in a favorable condition. THE POLICE COMMISSIONER. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, in reply to Mr. SCHEEK, said Lieutenant-Colonel L. G. Madley has been appointed Commissioner of Police. Mr. ROBERTS—At what salary? The ATTORNEY- GENERAL—£700 a year. Mr. ROBERTS—Are we to understand that no member of the Police Force was fit to take the office? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL—The hon. member may understand that no one was so much entitled to the position as Mr. Madley. Mr. BATCHELOR.—Have the Labor Party or any member of it given any intimation that they desired to secure the appointment of Mr. Owen Smyth, as stated in the Register. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL.—No. Mr. ROBERTS asked if the Government held that no member of the police force was suitable to occupy the position of Commis- sioner of Police? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL replied that it was not necessary to consider that question because of the superior claims of one who was fitted for the position. Mr. ROBERTS—In what direction are the qualifications of Mr. Madley superior to those of members of the force. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL— Seniority of service, position, and military experience, and he has been a first-class officer for 20 years. He has taken part in the examinations of can- didates for promotion in the force, and he is a man in every way admirably suited for the position. The MINISTER of EDUCATION, in answer to Mr. HOURIGAN, said that of course the appointment of Colonel Madley would necessitate his retirement from his position as principal of the Training College. Mr. A. Scott, B.A., would carry out the duties with- out extra cost. EXCURSION TRAINS. The Hon. A. CATT said the Commissioner of Public Works when answering his question on the previous day misunderstood the query put to him. The Commissioner said—"It is always necessary for a certain number of people to travel. In respect to holidays he in- tended referring the matter to the Railway Commissioner to see whether the same facilities can be granted for departures from the city to the country as are provided for travelling from the country to the city." He would put the question to the Commissioner in this way:— Whether when excursion trains are run to the city at holiday time it is the rule before agreeing to run the same to ascertain if a sufficient number of persons agree to travel, and, if not, why should a different rule be adopted in regard to persons wishing to travel to the country ? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) said Mr. Catt misunderstood his reply. The answer he gave to Mr. Shannon would apply to any day out- side of the ordinary holiday traffic. If a sufficient number wished to take excursions into the country arrangements would be made for charging excursion rates. He would refer the whole matter to the Railway Commis- sioner. Mr. CASTINE said excursion tickets were issued from the Burra and north of that place, while residents in the southern part of the district were not placed on the same foot- ing. Would the Commissioner of Public Works confer with the Railway Commissioner as to the advisability of issuing excursion tickets to all persons? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS said he would refer the whole matter to the Railway Commissioner. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in reply to Mr. GOODE, said he had heard that excursion ticket were not issued north of Terowie on September 1, but the whole matter of excursion tickets would be dealt with by the Railway Commissioner. DEFENCE OF THURSDAY ISLAND. The TREASURER (the Hon. F. W. Holder), in answer to Mr. McDONALD, said that the South Australian Government are not indebted to the Queensland Government in the sum of £3,500 as portion of the cost of the maintenance of the defences of Thursday Island. Mr. GRAINGER—To what extent, then ? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL—Not at all. Mr. McDONALD asked if South Australia is liable for part of the cost of the defence of Thursday Island ? The TREASURER said an arrangement was made whereby there should be a federal contribution to the cost of defence works at Albany, Thursday Island, and Port Darwin. The understanding between the colonies originally with regard to Port Darwin, was that they should agree to a fair expenditure. When all the preliminaries were competed South Australia kept her promise, and honorably bore her share of the cost of the defences at Albany. The Government felt they ought not to contribute to the cost of the Thursday Island defences unless the other colonies contributed towards those of Port Darwin. When the other colonies joined in the defence of Port Darwin, South Australia would agree to do her share with regard to Thursday Island. THE STATE BANK. Mr. BURGOYNE asked if the Treasurer had received a report from the trustees of the State Bank suggesting amendments to the Act under which they were working, and if so would he lay it before the House? The TREASURER said the trustees had submitted a memorandum of amendments which they desired made in the Act, and they were being considered. His reply would reach the trustees in a few days, and perhaps they might then have further suggestions to make, so that it might be better to wait till the correspondence was complete before laying it on the table. Mr. COPLEY asked if the trustees con- sulted the Treasurer as to whether they could make advances on the securities of bills of Sale? The TREASURER said no; but he be- lieved they obtained the opinion of the Crown law officers on the subject. COMPENSATION TO MR. KILGOUR. Mr. WOOD said the Commissioner of Public Works, in reply to his question on the previous day, stated that the retiring allowance to Mr. Kilgour was properly paid. If so why did the Government refuse to pay it when he first ap- plied? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS said the matter was fully explained in the course of his remarks. The facts were not established when the claim was first made. Mr. WOOD—May I ask. what alteration has been made in the claim ? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS said Mr. Wood might ask, but he had not the whole of the facts at his finger's end. He had better give notice. RETURN OF RIFLES. Mr. KING O'MALLEY said he had re- ceived a letter, from Mr Joseph Grundy, of Second Valley, asking whether the target and part of the rifles of the Yankalilla company could be retained so that the men may practise ? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the ordinary rule with regard to the return of rifles and kit by the members of the South Australian National Rifle Association would be observed. DRS. NAPIER AND SMITH. Mr. HAGUE, for Mr GILBERT, asked when the Premier would place on the table the promised papers in respect to the appointment of Drs. Leith Napier and Ramsay Smith to the Adelaide Hospital ? The ATTORNEY-GENERAL would not be surprised if the papers were laid on the table that afternoon. At any rate they would be laid before the House as soon as practi- cable. THE RAILWAY SERVICE. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in reply to Mr SCHERK, said that apprentices at the Islington workshops are engaged under agreement, a copy of which will be laid on the table. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in reply to Mr. BATCHELOR, said that the question as to how many days appren- tices in the locomotive workshops have had an opportunity of working during the past four years necessitates a search through the records of the last four years, and cannot therefore be answered for some time. TABLE OF PRECEDENCE. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, in reply to Mr. BUTLER said that the position assigned to ex-members of the Executive Council by the provisional table of precedence adopted by Sir James Fergusson in May, 1871, was immediately after the Ministry and before the President of the Legislative Council. The Ministry were consulted on the subject before the adoption of the table. Sir James Fergusson states that "he requested his adyisers to suggest any alterations in the existing order of the Civil Service, and of persons holding colonial rank, and that in accordance with their suggestions" he had fixed the list "which was recorded in the Chief Secretary's office," and "followed at Government House." See Parlimentary paper, House of Assembly, No. 68 of 1872, page 1. The Ministry at the time were the Hon. Sir William Milne (then Mr. Milne), Chief Secretary ; the Hon. Sir Richard Baker, K.C.M.G. (then Mr. Baker), Attorney- General ; the Hon. John Hart, C.M.G., Treasurer and Premier ; the Hon. Sir Arthur Blyth, K.C.M.G. (then Mr. Blyth), Commis- sioner of Crown Lands and Immigration ; the Hon. John Carr, Commissioner of Public Works. THE STORES DEPARTMENT. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in reply to Mr. WOOD, said that recommendations have been forwarded to the Supply and Tender Board for increases to men in the Stores Department who were not in receipt of more than £100 per annum, and such recommendations have been received by the Commissioner of Public Works. Each case will be dealt with on its merits. WILD DOGS. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS (Hon. P. P. Gillen), in reply to Mr. MORTLOCK, said that about £3,000 is derived annually form Crown lessees for destruction of wild dogs outside of district councils. It is not necessary to spend and of this money in adver- tising, as all people concerned are fully aware that scalp money is being paid by the Govern- ment. The Government are not aware that a considerable portion of the money derived from pastoral leases and others under this Act is ex- pended in the destruction of dogs on unoccu- pied Crown lands. HAPPY VALLEY WATER SUPPLY. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in reply to Mr. PRICE, said that the water available not at Happy Valley is of such a volume that will encourage the Public Works Department to push on with sewage connections in districts having mains finished, and which are unproductive works. POLICE AND HOTELS. The COMMISSIONERS of PUBLIC WORKS, in reply to Mr. PRICE, said that two policeman visit the hotels in the city regularly on Sundays. Sometimes extra men are em- ployed if circumstances require it. In the suburbs 13 policemen visit public houses on Sundays. Wherever police are stationed and hotels exist supervision is exercised where it is considered necessary and patrols made. Police are permitted to enter hotels on Sunday by written authority from the Inspector of Police under clause 129, Act 191 of 1880. PAPERS. The following papers were laid on the table :—By the TREASURER—By command —Statement of receipts and disbursements for the quarter ended June 30, 1896. By the COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS— By command—Copy of agreement with ap- prentices, Islington workshops. AGRICULTURAL TEACHING. Mr. MILLER moved—"That to further encourage the teaching of elementary agricul- ture in our public schools, and to afford greater facilities for qualifying the rising generation of agriculturists, it is desirable to establish practical farm schools in connection with our education system. He would not have proceeded with this motion if he thought it cast a reflection upon the able head of the Education Department, Mr. Hartley, with whom he deeply sympathised in his illness, and whose great abilities he appreciated so highly. The Treasurer was reported the other day to have said that the conditions with which we had to deal were not ideally perfect. He hoped that the truth of this would be recognised by the Minister of Education and Agriculture. For notwithstanding the very high character of our education system and those who administered it, and the fact also that it obtained so recently such a flattering recogni- tion from the people of this province, it was in his opinion defective in one particular, and that was that it failed to qualify a large section of our people for the conduct of the business, to which their lives were to be devoted. He referred to agriculture. He should be sorry to raise the ire of Mr. Brooker, but in dealing with this subject it was almost impossible to avoid reference to and comparison between town and country, and he did not see why they should try to avoid it. They constituted all they repre- sented, were inter-dependent, and if injustice were done to one the other would suffer. Where the main interests of a country were pasture and cultivation, as this colony's were, he claimed that it was essential that some at any rate, if not special, attention should be given to the preparation of those who were required to carry on and conduct the business. He should be sorry to be considered an opponent of professional, commercial, or manufacturing interests. He had always held them in the highest estimation. He recognised that the wheatgrowers of this province were deeply indebted to the inventive genius and skill which helped them to obtain and perfect the stripper without the aid of which wheat- growing could never have attained anything like the magnitude it had, nor would the necessity have arisen for such implements as the stump-jumping ploughs and harrows (local inventions, like the stripper), which had enabled them to subdue thousands of miles of mallee country, and afford work for increased numbers both on land and sea and town and country instead of remaining, as it would have done, a menace to the adjoining settlement. At the same time he claimed that the intelli- gence and persevering industry of those who had hitherto and were still engaged in the practical working of these industries were equally entitled to and were worthy of a just appreciation and some encouragement. These combined interests by their united and well- directed efforts had enabled us to put wheat on the English market in competition with those much more favorably situated as regards distance and price of labor. And it should be gratifying to know that those engaged in the work here had enjoyed infinetly superior con- ditions of living generally, as well as better pay. He claimed that by the exercise of this intel- ligence and industry they had been able to overcome the difficulties accompanying pioneer settlement, to develop to the fullest the natural resources of the country so far as wheatgrowing was concerned, and had produced the finest, best, and most valued wheat in the world, and built up a record for production in quantity and value per head of the people engaged in the work notwith- standing light rainfall, low averages, &c.; He remembered when it was first suggested to send wheat in quantity to the English market how the idea was po0-poohed by some of our wise men, practical men too, who characterised it in just the same terms perhaps as his motion might be stigmatised to-day—as rot; but the Parliament, merchants, and producers rose to the occasion, for there was no local market. The land was unlocked, the wheat was pro- duced, the distance practically wiped out, and as he said before South Australia made a record. Again, it was only as yesterday that the long- established dogma preached in season and out of season from his youth up, that we could not make butter, was wiped out, and after so many assertions to the contrary, he admitted that he was anxious as to the result, but having maintained that as we could and did produce some of the finest cattle, sheep, and horses in our colony that could be produced in the world under natural conditions, so we might reasonably expect, if we took intelligent means, to excel in butter also. Our butter had been quoted equal, if not superior, to all but one—the Danish—and if we con- tinued to persevere he had no doubt that we would beat even them. He might go on to refer to our wool, wine, fruit, and other industries to show how much had been done in the past, not that he re- garded these results as having been attained without the adoption of intelligent means by enterprising and presevering men. He re- garded them as largely, if no entirely, due to such ; and they should congratulate themselves that the colony had men like Ridley Stott, William Bowman, James Martin, Allan Bell, John Frame, Watty Thompson, Thomas Hardy, Sir Samuel Davenport, and hosts of others to come to our aid as necessity arose. His object in referring as he had done to the past was to show that we had a counrty and people worthy of cultivation and encouragement, and that the farmers upon whom so much depended were according to their past records, as deserv- ing as the rest. We were just entering upon a new experience. The wheat lands of this colony could stand continuous cropping no longer. Prices had been so low as to make it impossible to continue on the results of wheat alone. The limits to which successful farming could be carried on had in some direc- tions been exceeded. The settlement would have to be thickened rather than extended, and it was to enable the children of our settlers to continue to occupy the country with profit that he desired to have the best possible facilities made available for their equipment. At present it was easily seen that after quali- fying for the town and being kicked from pillar to post, hundreds of willing and good men and women were stranded as unemployed, and were asked to find their way back to the land by such aids and experiences as the village settlements and other kindred opportunities afforded. Whilst he acknowledged the abun- dant provision that existed in the land these unfortunate men and women were placed at a terrible disadvantage in winning from the soil the wealth it was capable of affording. Failure was written up from the start. He that would win the race must guide the horse obedient to the custom of the course, and those who started farming under such con- ditions were handicapped out of the race. Mr. McPherson said the other day that society was responsible for the inability of many persons to obtain or earn their own living, and also that this unemployed difficulty was be- coming more intense owing to inventions and that people must get back to the land. In his opinion this was due to nothing so much as to the neglect of the pro- vision which he was seeking to supply. He hoped that member would support his motion because whilst he believed that there was a glorious abundance provided there for all, he agreed with the writer who said—"It is in- dustrial competition which holds in its hands the issues of the future, and in this competition victory will go to the qualities which the school alone may not produce, but which cannot be pro- duced with the school skill and character." He had endeavored to get a definition of "education." Webster said—"Education comprehends all that series of instruction which is intended to enlighten the understand- ing, correct the temper, and form the manners and habit of youth, and fit them for useful- ness in their future stations." According to Chambers it was defined as under :—"To signify the teaching, training, and discipline by means of which the young are prepared for the business and duties of life." A recent writer had said the object of education should be the happy and healthy being of the State. They had made splendid provision for every- thing but agriculture, and they had made some attempt to recognise that by the establishment of our Agricultural College, but that institu- tion was only capable of a small amount of the good work it should accomplish owing to the parsimonious financial limitations applied to it. He wondered that it had not long ago been recognised that if youths of the colony were to be trained as successful farmers—that was, to farm economically, clean, and maintain the fer- tility of the soil, and make it pay—it could best be done by keeping sheep, and if Professor Lowrie had more land and kept sheep and taught sheepbreeding, in conjunction with the other branches of farming, that his and his results financially as well as other ways would be much improved. The students needed to be taught to win from the soil what it was capable of affording. He was satisfied that if Professor Lowrie had a sufficient area and a flock of sheep, by means of which he could practically instruct the students, his financial returns would be materially improved. A boy at present could not go to Roseworthy till he was 16 years of age, and if he was kept at school till that period any inclination he might have had in the direction of agriculture would have died out. The teaching imparted at the schools was admirable to qualify the boys for the town, but it did not qualify them to go upon the land. On the contrary, it created an abso- lute distaste for rural settlement. (Mr. Copley—"I recognised that long ago.") He had had great difficulty in trying to induce Mr. Copley, when he was Minister of Education, to take this view of the question. (Mr. Hourigan— "They have no land to go upon.") There was any amount of land. Why, the butter in- dustry was coming to the fore now despite all the preaching about the Broken Hill and West Australian trade. (Mr. Coneybeer— "Hundreds want to get on the land and can't get there." He had seen a man in Crystal Brook recently who had said, "I would like a section here." He had replied, "You will have to go a little further north," but, the man had repeated, "I would like land here." Of course the individual in question had wanted to shift someone else and to obtain all the advantages provided by the pioneer settlers. Between Adelaide and Port Augusta—with- out saying anything about the Southern district—the country was capable of carry- ing hundreds of thousands of people. He hoped Mr. Copley would see that the real question was not how long the boys were kept at school but what they were taught whilst they were there. The town was overcrowded and the country districts depopulated, which was an unhealthy condition, but when any suggestion was made in the direction he had indicated it was characterised as all moon- shine. Some people seemed to think that "any fool can be a farmer." The late Mr. Cotton had endeavored to have an alteration in this direction. There was a text-book introduced, but very little en- couragement had been given for teaching it. Plots of ground had been arranged at the various schools, and a text-book had been promised for use in the colony. He held in his hand a text-book written for Victoria only last year, and he was sure it was a most charming book. This book would open the minds of children to possibilities that they did not dream of in con- nection with agriculture. There were some teachers who had taken an interest in impart- ing this kind of knowledge to the children. One teacher he knew had been removed to Balaklava recently, and it was a fact that a teacher must drop the country interests if he wanted promotion. The teacher who catered for the interest should have as good a future as the man who taught for the town. He held in his hand a report written by Mr. P. G. Craige to the order of the House of Coommons. The Inspector-General of Schools had seen this report and had marked off the fol- lowing reference to the higher elementary schools of France as suitable to this colony if the House chose to agree to it :— "Occupying a distinct position, however, in advance of the ordinary primary schools in France, stand what are called the higher primary schools. Their number was given as 160, attended by 14,700 pupils a few years ago, about half being annexed to and half being separate from the lower elementary institutions. The pupils in these advanced schools were from 13 t0 15 years of age. In several of these higher schools a course of regular agricultural instruction has been already introduced as part of a general move- ment to utilise these schools as dis- tinctly professional institutions according to the type suitable to each locality. He hoped the Minister of Education would see his way clear to have practical farms estab- lished shortly, say one in the south-east, one in the north, and perhaps one in Adelaide, where every encouragement would be given to teachers with a special knowledge on this subject to impart that knowledge to the chil- dren under their charge. He was satisfied that the House would recognise that he was in earnest in this matter. The country had reached a crisis when they must qualify a large proportion of the people to go on the land. He had read a selection that morning written by Whittier, the American poet, which had reference to the advantages of country life. It ran thus :— "Give fools their gold, and knaves their power, Let fortune's bubble rise or fall; Who sows a field, or trains a flower, Or plants a tree, is more than all. For he who blesses most is blest, And God and man shall own his wort Who toils to leave as his bequest An added beauty to the earth." The MINISTER of EDUCATION assured Mr. Miller that his proposal had the sympathy of the department and of no one more than Mr. Hartley. We were primarily an agricultural community, and in the equipment of our children for their life's work the ques- tion of agricultural education demanded our most serious attention. At present full provision was not made, but we were doing what we could in connection with the primary schools. As Mr. Miller said, he was not finding fault with what had been done, but simply suggested that good might be made better. Some years ago it was decided that all new school sites should not be less than two acres to allow of practical plots being established, as they recognised that the teaching of agriculture could not be commenced too early. Teachers had been encouraged to teach agriculture on these plots, by being pro- vided with wire netting and the necessary tools. We had an excellent Agricultural College, but that imparted more 0r less higher techni- cal knowledge and was not an insti- tution for the ordinary son of the ordinary farmer. He could not enter until he was 15, and in fact the best age was generally regarded at 17. Whatever might be done in the primary schools there was thus a gap between the ages of 13 and 15 for which no provision was made, and it was this gap that Mr. Miller rightly said in the interests of the community should be filled. (Mr. Scherk —"It might be done by the School of Mines and Industries.") Yes, something might be done by that institution to meet the require- ments of the central portion other colony. It was quite possible to have some- where in the vicinity of Adelaide a school on a few acres where a secondary agricultural education, could be imparted to children who were over 13 years and who were prepared to pay the fees. Such a school might be worked in connection with the School of Mines and Industries, and that excellent institution, he was sure, would be willing to do all it could to meet the wishes of the Government in this direction. He could assure Mr. Miller on behalf of the Govern- ment and the department that they would do all they could to devise means to fill up this gap. In some parts of the world farm schools had not proved brilliant suc- cesses, but that was no reason why they should do so under different conditions. Mr. Miller had mentioned the subject of the text-book, and while he did not depreciate the yalue of a text-book, agricultural teaching im- parted without practice, was little more than useless. He agreed that many of our difficul- ties in agriculture could be overcome. Farm- ing was not the simple matter that some thought it of old when all that was considered necessary was to take up land, plough it, and sow and reap the corn. A farmer must not not only know something about wheat growing, but the minor products of the farm, dairying, fruit growing, and fruit preserving. Recognising that a great many of our difficulties were the result of our dry sea- sons he took advantage while in New South Wales to visit the Agricultural College at Wagga, which was practically revolutionising farming in that district by tilling the soil im- mediately after any rain, by which means the rainfall was greatly conserved. This practice was known in South Australia, but it showed, if it was carried out regularly, how beneficial it could be made, because at Wagga they were now able to grow crops which they previously did not attempt. He could assure Mr. Miller that nothing would be wanting on the part of the Government or the department to carry out his wishes. Mr. ASH said everyone would agree with the sentiments expressed in the little poem quoted by Mr. Miller, but practically he did not understand what was being aimed at. The motion was vague, and its mover called atten- tion to one state of facts and the Minister of Education to another. Mr. Miller directed his attention to the children at school now, while the Minister referred to children between the ages of 13 and 15. Mr. Miller's desire appeared the more reasonable for the simple reason that it was for the pur- pose of increasing the knowledge of farmers' sons at present at school, as most of them were unable to keep their children at a school of any sort after they were 13 years of age. After that age schooling could only be availed of by the comparatively few, as most of them went to work before they were 13. He con- sidered the idea of the Minister of Education was quite out of the realm of what was practicable, as it would mean that farmers would have to send their children to a distance and pay fees which they could not afford. Then if the elements of scientific farming were added to the present curriculum a certain amount of time would have to be de- voted to it, and that would mean that some thing else would have to be left out. The Minister of Education had said that he con- sidered all the things which were taught at present were desirable, and he was inclined to agree with him. Then they had to con- sider how it was practicable supposing time could be found for it. It would have to be at the nearest school, and these in the country were usually conducted by female teachers, and how was it reasonable to expect these ladies to teach practical agriculture ? If' these acres at the various schools were to be utilised it would mean that these ladies would have to be replaced by strong and competent agricultural male teachers. Another thing was that it was unnecessary as far as practical work was con- cerned, because most of the children having been brought up on farms could teach their teachers in practical work. In the majority of cases the children would have to be taught before they reached 13 years, and if it was in practical work they knew it already, and if in theory they were not mentally capable at the young age. He wished the Minister of Education to understand that he was not disparaging the necessity for a more scientific style of farming. Mr. Scherk had interjected that the thing could be done in connection with the School of Mines, and he believed if agricultural teaching is to be done by the State it would be done in that way. A model plough would be pro- vided, and pupils who had had practical ex- perience on farms would be brought from the country and shown by teachers who knew nothing about practical work how the plough would cut through the soil in a flower pot. Mr. Miller had spoken of establishing a few schools in different parts of the colony, but what would be the use of them. What, for instance, would be the use of one school in the south-east district. Children had quite enough to do in the schools now, and if they had to fritter away time in studying this subject, some other subject would have to suffer. He did not speak in a spirit of opposition to im- proved farming, which was desirable, but he could not attach any definite idea to the motion. The motion referred to elementary agricultural education. Ploughing was elementary work, and were female teachers, who had never had a spade in their hands to be engaged teaching the sons of farmers how to plough or dig land. They probably would have a diagram to show that when the soil was turned over it would separate. He opposed the motion, because it would be absurd to teach children under 13 years of age scientific farming according to Mr. Miller's idea. Practical work could not be taught, and those farmers who were able to afford it could take advantage of the present facilities for securing an advanced educa- tion for their children, but most of the farmers were not in a position to give their children a college training. These young people gained a practical educa- tion on their fathers' farms. Although not strictly within the scope of the motion, Mr. Miller referred to the butter export, and he seemed to support the popular idea that butter making was a new invention which was due to the present Government, and that the butter export was also due to their work; but long before the present Government took office 300,000 lb. of butter in a year was exported. It was not sent to England, because in those days butter was sent to England only from those countries which were close to, such as Denmark. The early shipments from Australia were not a success, because of the expense of freezing and the frequent breakages of the machinery, which made the business too risky. It was only five or six years ago since the machinery was perfected, and in the ordinary course of things the merchants would have undertaken the shipment of butter as they had from New South Wales. The Government stepped in and took the business from the merchants and middlemen, who would have done the work without public subsidies. If the Government had done nothing, butter would have been exported all the same in the course of a short while. He was very doubtful of as the result of the motion even one more farmer would be added to the ranks in South Australia. The farmers were an intelligent class, especially in their own business, and they recognised the value of keeping abreast of the times in their methods. They acquired the latest informa- tion by means of newspapers and periodicals, and the mere starting of a few elementary theoretical agricultural schools would be a benefit to no one. Apart from that the cost of maintaining them would have to be borne by the general community for the benefit of a few farmers. Mr. CALDWELL moved the adjournment of the debate. The motion was declared carried, and Mr. HOMBURG called for a division, which resulted as follows :— AYES, 9—Sir John Downer, Messrs. Ash, Burgoyne, Butler, Handyside, Morris, O'Malley, Shaunon, and Caldwell (teller). NOES, 33—Messrs. Archibald, Batchelor, Blacker, Brooker, Carpenter, Catt, Cockburn, Coneybeer, Copley, Darling, Duncan, Foster, Gilbert, Gillen, Goode, Hague, Holder, Hourigan, Jenkins, Kingston, Landseer, McDonald, McGillivray, MacLachlan, McPherson, Miller, Moody, O'Loughlin, Poynton, Price, Roberts, Scherk, and Hom- burg (teller). Majority of 24 for the Noes. The SPEAKER—I would like to point out to hon. members that the rule of Parliament is that they must vote in the way the voices are given. That has not been done in the present instance. Mr. PRICE supported the motion because he wished to manifest sympathy with the agricultural interests of South Australia. As one who did not believe in centralisation and who was anxious to see the colony better settled, and recognising that the agricultural com- munity constituted the backbone of the province, he felt it his duty to do all he possibly could to encourage it. Certain industries were peculiar to certain districts. and it was impossible to pamper up an indus- try when the conditions were not of a suitable character. The youth of the colony should be instructed in all the scientific principles of agriculture, so that they could apply it to the cultivation of the soil. Never in the history of the world was the value of the scien- tific teacher more apparent than now, and trades in Sheffield, Birmingham, and other centres were to-day being continually exploited by Continental powers. In fact throughout the world greater attention was being paid to technical and scientific education. He had heard it said that the telegraph, post-office, police, and other departments were absorbing the youth of the country who should be tillers of the soil, and though, as Mr. Ash had pointed out previously, children of farmers re- ceived a certain amount of practical educa- tion by being brought up on farms, their knowledge should be greatly extended and in a scientific direction. The old idea when the soil was cultivated by simply scratching its back was now happily exploded, and it was certainly their duty to teach youths to accommodate themselves to the conditions under which they lived, whereby good results might be achieved. He visited a spot some time ago with others at the request of a num- ber of farmers to inspect land which was required for settlement. He heard during his visit that the southern farmer who went up north 17 years ago carried with him the ex- perience he had acquired in the south, the results being that he did not understand the different conditions which prevailed. He met with success only when the price of wheat was up, and his family, who had grown up in the north, understood the conditions better than he. He had the testi- mony of two brothers named Hill, who had 14 sons between them, on this point. At present £2,556 was spent on the Agricultural College, and he was told that it was mainly the children of people in the city who patronised the institution. Mr. Miller's motion would not involve the serious expense some imagined, for elaborate schools need not be established. The appointment of efficient teachers in certain districts would suffice. The greatest thing that the farmer of Australia needed was to under- stand the true principles of co- operation, the economic truths underlying which he should be taught. The farmers of to-day were subjected to the machinations of schemers, who tried to make all they could out of them, and he looked for- ward with confidence to the success of the Farmers' Co-operative Union. He wished it every prosperity. (Mr. Darling—"So do I.") He was addressing the country just then, and not the hon. member. The farmers needed instruction in the principles of unionism, (Mr. Darling—"Not trades unionism ?") Just so if the hon. member liked that term better. His sympathies were with the agriculturists of South Australia, and though they were struggling keenly now for a living he felt that their fight would be all the more intense as time went on. However, with the means of imparting scientific instruction to them being made available they would be better prepared to fight their battles. Mr. ARCHIBALD supported Mr. Miller's motion, though he did not quite see how it would work out, and it would be a good thimg for the colony if it possessed more gentlemen they going to do with regard to the education of children. Children varied in ability, and while one boy at 13 was very smart and was able to leave school another boy was not so well advanced. He did not think the department which Mr. Miller would like to see created would teach the youth as much as he imagined. He favored the resolution in the abstract, but he would like to have more information con- cerning the increased expenditure that would be involved. Had the agricultural depart- ment done all they could in reference to the dissemination of scientific instruction? He hardley thought so. (Mr. Miller—"Want of funds is the trouble.") The appointment of an officer who would devote special attention to the acquisition of and the imparting of scientific farming knowledge to the youth of the colony should meet the case. Any information regarding successful ex- periments in dry climates similar to our own in other parts of the world would be of great value. The distribution of such information after it was obtained would be a matter for subsequent consideration, but he was satisfied that if they proceeded on those lines they would do a great deal more than was suggested by the present motion. The advocates of in- tense culture in England said that they ought to be independent of the world. The debate was interrupted by the orders of the day, and at a later stage, on the motion of Mr. CALDWELL, it was adjourned till Wednesday, October 14. WATERWORKS CHARGES. Adjourned debate on the motion of Mr. BROOKER — "That the regulation or rule which prohibits the Commissioner of Water- works from allowing water to be laid on, to any locality unless the inhabitants are willing to pay interest at a high rate under certain con- ditions should be abolished and a more liberal system adopted."—(July 15, August 5.) Mr. McPHERSON, in resuming the debate, said that the remarks which had fallen from members who had addressed themselves to this subject had shown that Mr. Brooker was fully justified in bring the motion forward. If there was anything that tended to assist permanent settlement it was the fact that water was available at a cheap rate and plenty of it. While Adelaide was now able to cope with all requirements for many years to come undoubtedly hardships had existed in the past on account of the high rates changed by the Government in con- nection with the supply of water. Now, how- ever, the Government might fairly be asked to review the present regulations and to see if they could not make terms better suited to settlement than those which had been pre- viously insisted on. The principal object of the motion was to assist the blockers. If instead of making a separate charge for each, the total cost of the land and the laying on of the water were both included in the capital account the difficulty would disappear. It was the rule rather than the exception that those taking up blocks had a hard job to pay hard cash, and therefore as easy terms as possible should be given them so that they might enter upon their blocks with every opportunity of becoming successful holders. The plan he had suggested would give great satisfaction to the blockers and would result in no loss to the department. Another matter he wished to call at attention to. It was a noto- rious fact that in Glasgow some years ago the authorities were puzzled by the escape from the pipes of large quantities of water. Ac- cordingly a large number of inspectors were appointed, who visited every water tap in the city, and by that means millions upon millions of gallons of water were kept in stock that would otherwise have gone to waste. A simi- lar system if adopted here would be the means of preventing a large waste of water from leakages. He moved to amend the motion by inserting after "that" in line 1 the words "in the opinion of this House." The amendment was agreed to and the motion as amended passed. ALIENATION OF CROWN LANDS. Adjourned debate on the motion of Mr. McPHERSON—"That, in the opinion of this House, no further land should hereafter be alienated from the Crown in fee simple except for the purpose of completing an agreement for sale heretofore entered into or giving effect to the right of purchase heretofore granted, and substituting therefor a system of perpetual leasing with fixity of tenure." —(July 15, August 12). Mr. O'MALLEY, in resuming the debate, said that whilst he had the profoundest regard for Mr. McPherson's utterances, and whilst he firmly believed that that member con- scientiously had the well-being of South Aus- tralia at heart, he would be unable to assist him on the present occasion. When he issued his policy to the electors of Encounter Bay he had laid it down that he was going for a real Homestead Bill. He had said—"I will endeavor to carry a real Homestead Act, so that any man or woman 21 years of' age can select 64o acres of land, and after certain stipulated improvements and a continuous residence of seven years the pro- perty shall be theirs for ever in fee simple by paying £10." After watching the progress of civilisation in various parts of the world he had come to the conclusion that there was something inherent in every Britisher, some- thing in possession of him, something in con- trol of the possession, that he wanted to own a little bit of land. But too much land in the hands of any one man or even two men was detrimental to the wellbeing of any common- wealth.. He was sure that Mr. McPherson would admit that had the perpetual leasing system existed in South Aus- tralia when it was settled instead of the right of purchase system those who had purchased large tracts of land with their limited amount of money would have leased at least twenty times as much as they had purchased. He would go with Mr. McPherson when the time came for a federal capital of Australasia for having the ground of that capital on perpetual lease, and only letting it to those who wanted to use ground on which to erect their buildings. He had tried to learn a lesson from the various nomadic tribes of the world and he had found that though they owned immense tracts of land they had never done any good because they had not the desire to establish for them- selves a home. Up to the time that Egypt assumed the whole of the land under the Crown she was a fairly prosperous country, and it was passing strange that after the right of purchase system was established again Egypt had become the beggars' headquarters of the universe for ever. Take Ireland as an illustration. There the landlords ruled, for though they were not the Go- vernment, yet under a certain implied system they were the Government, be- cause they were really the men who ran the country. They owned immense estates, and tried the tenancy system. English legisla- tion for the past 100 years had been directed towards compelling these land- lords to sell their lands and give the tenants a sort of right to their existence. If they were Crown tenants at the time of bad crops they would say that it did not matter whether they paid their rents or not ; the Government was a tender landlord. Another point was that if perpetual leasing were to become the law of the land it must be after the colonies had federated, because when people proposed to emigrate from the older countries their first question was whether they could buy a piece of land in the new. If they knew in Europe that they could not buy a piece in South Australia they would go to the other colonies, South Africa, or South America. If they could persuade the whole of the colonies to adopt it it would not do South Australia an injury. Those who owned land now would not be compelled to sell, and it would create a most tyrannical class of landlords. He knew that every man who left Europe for foreign countries and had a little money emigrated with the idea of pur- chasing a home. (Mr. Wood—"Raise a home on mortgage ?") Many men preferred to pay more in taxation, knowing that they would eventually own the land, than pay an annual rent to the Government. It was prejudice no doubt, but they had to play to the prejudices of the people. There might be established a system of limiting the holdings, and of allowing a man a homestead, and nothing more. (Mr. Roberts—"You ad- mit that the system of fee simple is wrong.") He did not know whether it was right or wrong, and it was pretty hard to reach the right in any country. He thought, however, that a system which gave men an incentive to plant trees, ornament their homes, and beau- tify their holdings, was one which should not be destroyed. He would not deny sincerity on the part of those who favored perpetual leasing, but he could not see with them. He simply thought that there could not be any such thing as a home in the actual essence of life unless a man owned it. The man who was a tenant had not the same way of looking at matters as the man who owned his land. The very foun- dations of a State rested on the number of people who owned their own homes, and no system of tenancy, however good, could be sub- stituted for it. A few days ago one gentleman who owned so much land had passed away, and his land would be divided amongst his family, and thus those large holdings, which were looked upon with so much horror, would gradually be subdivided. He did not pose as a Solomon, an Abraham, or an Isaac, but he looked at these things as he saw them. The very spirit of life was based upon the right to purchase a home, and if they tool away that right from a Britisher they destroyed his sacred and ancient privilege. The people who did not own their homes were like travellers in a foreign land; there was a bit of the vagrant about them and they did not like it. The ownership of homes produced patriots. The noble-hearted toilers of every country that sat by their own firesides, and their own wives and children, were the men that shouldered the gun to fight for their country when neces- sity arose. Every working man knew to-day that if he could only gather together a few shillings he could get a couple of acres. (Mr. Brooker—"He can get the land for a few shil- lings on a perpetual lease.") It was not a home, for during his few years in Aus- tralia he had tried to study the Australia character, and if it contained one thing more than another it was an uncompromising desire for individual liberty — the individual right of ever man to purchase a bit of property when and where he could. It seemed to him that we were either consciously or uncon- sciously assuming the real robe of democracy, and that was the government of all the people by all the people and for all the people. We all loved freedom for our own sakes, but he trusted that before long we would love it for the sake of our neighbors and those who were not able to protect themselves. He would therefore have to vote against the motion, be- cause he could not think it would be bene- ficial to the commonwealth of South Australia while there were other colonies for immigrants to go to. Mr. COPLEY understood that Mr. McPher- son was not only expressing the views of him- self, but also of his party, and therefore he would be lacking in his duty if he did not express his views on the question. He would deal with it as if Mr. McPherson's real motive was opposition to private ownership of land, because he thought he agreed with Mr. Houri- gan that it was a great injustice to the com- munity generally. Mr. McPherson, however, though he spoke of fixity of tenure, said nothing about the fixity of the rent. They knew under the present system of leasing it was at one fixed rent and whether that was in Mr. McPherson's mind or not he could not judge, but his impression was that the inten- tion was to obtain a much larger portion of the revenue from the land. They recognised that the forces against them so far as the land that had been sold was concerned were strong and that they had a rather tough job. He knew that they had doubled the tax on the progres- sive scaled, because only a small number of per- sons were interested directly, and the majority had taken the opportunity to relieve them- selves at the expense of the minority. A real perpetual lease with a fixed rent was very nearly as good as a freehold, but not quite so. In all perpetual leases there must be a number of conditions. Speaking to a friend who owned a perpetual lease he said that if it were not for the fact that it was branded on the outside that it was such, they would not know that it was, because it was filled up with so many conditions. There were condi- tions for insuring in the name of the Com- missioner, reserving the timber and the minerals, and for various other purposes, so that if they were carried out they would be most harassing. Then there was the difficulty regarding subdivision. It was no doubt an advantage in dealing with land that there should be facilities for sub- division for the purposes of sale and bequest. Land should be as free for disposal as any other commodity, as one never knew what cir- cumstances might make it necessary to sell land. Also where land was held in considerable areas there were great differences in its value. The numerous conditions that surrounded leases made the system awkward and unsatis- factory, and behind the whole thing there seemed to him to be some sneaking desire to obtain a larger proportion of the revenue from the land. The policy of the Labor Party was to relieve themselves of taxaation and to raise the revenue by increased burdens on the land— As to the question of ownership of land it was put very well in "The Systems of Land Tenure," in which it was stated "The foundation of the right to property in land is not ethical, but political. Its origin is expediency. In order that it may be cultivated to the most advantage it is necessary that the cultivator should be secured in the employment of the fruits of his intended industry. For this purpose it is necessary that the person who is permitted to use the land should be permitted to enjoy it for a certain length of time to make it his interest to cultivate it in the most pro- ductive manner. This period varies with the in- crease of foresight and agricultural knowledge." There would not be much difference of opinion regarding that point. The idea held by some that there was something radically wrong in the ownership of land was altogether beside the question. To enable the land to be put to its best uses there must be some absolute security of possession. The system of leasing might give some measure of security, but it would not be satisfactory. Mr. McPherson's system had been tried ages ago, but had been abandoned because it did not give satisfaction, and the people who had long since passed from memory were just as intelligent in some matters as the people of the present day. They might not have been as advanced in some of the arts, but it was evident they had a knowledge of appliances which the people of the present age knew nothing about. (The Minister of Education—"There is no absolute title in England now.'') There could be no absolute title anywhere. Land was not owned in the sense that if a man wanted to he could remove it like he did other property, but ownership meant that it was his to use and that he could do what else he liked with it. Ownership was by far the most convenient method of holding and dealing with land, but whatever might be the con- ditions of the old country they had no weaken- ing effect upon his argument that in South Australia there had been no more equitable system of dealing with land than ownership. It was no new thing, and the first record of the ownership of land was at the time of Abraham, when he wanted and bought a piece of land for a burial ground. He had been looking up the history of Japan, that wonder- ful nation which had made such rapid advance and come to the forefront in such a short time as a great naval power. In 1860 the Japanese practically abolished the State ownership of land. They found that that system did not give encouragement to agriculture, and having abolished it adopted various methods for the purpose of encouraging production. Mr. McPherson said that land was indispensable for the maintenance of life, but it was not so indispensable that every man should have some, because in the conditions of civilisation the people had been divided into commercial, artisan, and cultivating classes, and it was to the best interests of all that it should be so. But still to accomplish that condition of pros- perity and happiness which they all desired, there must be security of possession. There must be no fear on the part of the user of the land that his possession would be taken from him or be unduly burdened with taxation. If there were any such fear there would be a lessening of all efforts to produce the best results from the soil. Mr. McPherson also said he would abolish the men who would not use the land themselves and would not allow others to use it. He was not aware that such a class existed. They were always prepared to allow others to use their land provided the conditions imposed were carried out. In some cases the conditions might be considered hard, but that was a matter for the landowner to judge. He knew best what was the value of the land, and if he per- sistently refused to allow his land to be used except on the conditions proposed he was the loser, because he had his taxation to pay. He agreed that unimproved land should pay its share of taxation, and as such a system was carried out there was not much likelihood of land being kept unneces- sarily out of use. There were individuals who knew nothing about land, and never had any- thing to do with it. (Mr. Hourigan—"Who are they?") The hon. member was one of them. If they saw land uncropped they thought it was not used as it should be, whereas very likely it was being put to its best use. Mr. McPherson alluded to the form in which land was held in England, but his remarks on that subject had no force as applied to South Australia, where the people who had acquired land had had to give a fair value for it. A great deal had been said about land acquired in the early days having increased in value, although the pur- chasers had done nothing to bring about the increase. The South Australian Company would never have been floated when it was but for Mr. G. F. Angas, who found consider- able capital and induced his friends and ac- quaintances to invest their money in the colony. Some of them did very well, but one gentleman who died recently, though he did very well in South Australia, in- vested a large sum in the Northern Territory, and had suffered a dead loss as the result. There was no sympathy with the man who speculated and lost, and those who had succeeded were pointed to as people who had done so at the expense of others. That was not fair. They knew of the use which had been made of money derived from the sale of land by the Government, and he knew that by means of this system numbers of people had been enabled to leave the older countries to come here and live more comfortably and leave property for the benefit of their families, which they would not have been able to do but for the system of one-third of the proceeds of land sales being used for immigration. Be- fore the passing of the Torrens Act it was felt that in order to give possessors of land equal opportunities and strengthen their position the ruinous charges often made in con- nection with the transfer of land should be abolished. Other countries were desirous of emulating South Australia in this matter, and there were thousands outside of this colony who felt that if they could live under a statute similar to the one that existed in South Aus- tralia it would be all they would desire. He would refer to one or two cases to show the enormous cost involved through the transfer of land in England. According to a table given in a book from which he had quoted pre- viously the purchase-money in one case was given at £1,895, and the amount of the purchaser's expenses, irrespective of stamp duty, &c.;, was £54 8s., while the expenses involved in the sum of £2,274 pur- chase-money was £72 4s. 6d. In another table where only £100 purchase-money was paid the purchaser had to forfeit £23 14s. 3d. We had done away with all these difficulties thanks to the wisdom of a previous Parlia- ment, and the cheapness of transfer had re- sulted in an unmixed benefit to the community. No doubt it had induced speculation, and many speculators came to grief, but the general community was none the poorer. They were the gainers. It was the wage-earning class that reaped the benefit, because speculators were induced to spend considerable sums of money in making improvements, and when those happy results eventuated they should not interfere with the present system but should allow the scheme now in vogue to continue. Landowning was encouraged in all civilised and progressive countries. (Mr. McPherson—"What about China ?") He hoped the hon. member did not mean that China was a progressive nation when they remembered that she was defeated by another nation which did not possess a population one eighth as large as the land of the Celestial. China had been slow in adopting modern methods, especially in regard to war material, which were essential to allow one nation to successfully cope with another. Japan had given up the system of State ownership for private ownership for a con- siderable time. France was one of the most remarkable examples of modern nations in reference to the system of land ownership. It was stated in the "System of Land Tenure" that:—"The English census of 1861 returned 30,766 landowners and 249,461 farmers. The latest official statistics in France, on the other hand (following the enumeration of 1851, now in arrear of the actual numbers), reckon no less than 7,845,724 'proprietors,' including the owners of house property in towns—a number which may be assumed to denote the existence of 8,000,000 such proprietors now. Of these, according to the computation of M. de Lavergne, about 5,000,000 are 'rural proprietors,' of whom nearly 4,000,000 are actual cultivators of the soil." It was the ambition of the majority of the French cultivators of the soil to acquire pos- session of landed property, and no embargo was placed in the way of the fulfilment of that object. Every opportunity was given to her population to secure the transfer of land, and France all round was one of the most brilliant instances in the world's history of the success which attend the settlement of her people on the soil. Through France had suffered largely through the war with Germany in 1871, and had to put up with an enormous war indemnity which her enemies thought would crush her, the 200 millions required to be paid by her in gold was subscribed in a short time by the cultivations of her soil. Germany was another example. She had passed through very troublous times, and she was at one time placed at a disadvantage, be- cause she was not always a leading military nation of Europe. She had suffered terrible reverses, and in speaking of the period of Frederick the Great the work on "System of Land Tenure" gave the text of the measure by which Prussia thoughtfully and deliberately stepped out of the medieval past into the modern present. It was as follows :— "Whereas owing to the universal character of the prevailing misery, it would surpass our means to relieve each person individually, and even if we could the objects we have at heart would not be fulfilled (loq. the medieval father of his people) ; and whereas it is not only comfortable to the everlasting dictates of jus- tice, but also to the principles of a sound national economy, to remove all hindrances in the way of individuals attempting to that measure of material well-being which his capacities may enable him to attain (loq. Adam Smith) ; and whereas, the existing restrictions, partly on the pos- session and enjoyment of landed pro- perty, partly in connection with the personal condition of the agricultural population, in an especial manner obstruct our benevolent inten- tions and exercise a baneful influence, the one by diminishing the value of landed property and impairing the credit of the landed proprietor, the other by diminishing the value of labor, we are minded that both shall be restrained within the limits which the public welfare re- quires, and therefore we decree and ordain as follows :—Every inhabitant of our dominions is, as far as the State is concerned, henceforth free to acquire and own landed property of every kind and description. The noble there- fore can acquire not only noble land but burgher and peasant land ; so also the burgher and peasant can acquire not only burgher and peasant land (i.e.) land not noble, but likewise noble land. Every such transfer of real estate must, however, continue as before to be notified to the authorities." The measure went on to say :—"All owners of real property, in its nature saleable, can, after due notice to the provincial authority, sell the same piecemeal and in detail as well as in block. Co-proprietors can in the same way divide amongst them property owned in common." After that the revival in the prosperity of Germany, was marvellous, and the results which had been achieved by her through the system she adopted had been a considerable factor in giving her the position she held to-day among the nations of Europe. Excellent use was made of land on the Conti- nent generally. He would instance Belgium, where wonders had been worked in increasing the productions of her soil, and where also great opportunities were afforded to her people to acquire ownership of land. In Russia there was not a workable system of land ownership, and though the peoplee had been freed to an extent from serfdom during the last 50 years, even now they had not been able to obtain a satisfactory system if individual ownership to enable them to make the best uses of the land. They found that the land in Russia was cultivated in a communistic sort of way, and that was not calculated to produce the best results. It would not be long, how- ever, before Russia would make advances in the same direction as the nations of Europe. Mr. O'Malley had alluded to the condition of land ownership in the United States, and that had been one of the factors that had enabled the States to increase her population during the last 200 years—from the time that the Pilgrim Fathers landed there. (Mr. Houri- gan—"How many million paupers has she got ?") America had been swamped with the scourings of Continental cities, and it was not to be expected that such people could improve their position like other men who were given greater opportunities. Many of the poorer classes who had shifted to America had turned out useful citizens, and had materially aided in the development of the country. In the United States and Canada the system of making grants of land for the construction of railways was in operation, but directly these railway companies obtained this land, their object was to offer faci- lities for its occupation and ownership. In no single instance had they desired to remain landlord of large tracts of country. (The Treasurer—"What land grant railway is there in the United States?") The Union Pacific was one. (The Treasurer—"In the United States ?") Yes, and there were others, but he could not recall them just now. The same thing had attracted immense populations to the Argentine also. In Australia and New Zealand there had been cases which very large estates had been acquired, and these were held to the detriment for the time being of towns in the vicinity. That was one of the causes of the strong agi- tation in favor of taxing them on a progressive scale, because in many cases the income from these estates, which do not employ as much labor as they would do under different condi- tion's, went to employ labor somewhere else. Thus these large estates were infinitely more injurious to the towns that had sprung up in the vicinity than they were to the community as a whole. In that House and in the Botanic Gardens every fine Sunday, one could find men who believed that the system of land ownership was injurious, and who used un- justifiable remarks in reference to it. But what was the wish of the people directly con- cerned—those who were willing to go upon the land and put up with all sorts of privations in order to secure its successful pioneering occu- pation ? He found that they had 40,216 free- holders in the colony ; but unfortunately, whilst they could get the number of leaseholds from figures they could not get the number of lease- holders. He would, however, take the class specially interested in this matter as an illus- tration—the blockers. Of homestead blockers there were 2,770 freeholders, who held 40,286 acres, and only 289 under perpetual lease , who held 3,969¾acres. A number of those, too, hold- ing land under perpetual lease were holding it compulsorily. Moreover people were forced to borrowing money just the same under a system of leasehold as they were under a system of freehold. He had noticed the other day that the goodwill of a lease of 1,000 acres had been sold for £750. If the leasehold had a saleable value owing to the rent being a very low one, some one, if the owner wished to sell, would be willing to purchase it. People thus were just as likely to get into financial difficulties under a leasehold as under a freehold system, with this difference, that in the former case the security was not nearly so good as in the latter. Could impoverished labor obtain a living direct from the land without capital? No, and there had been an exemplification of that in the case of the village settlements. (Mr. Archibald—"How did the Mormons settle their land-?) They must have had some capital. There was another example in the New Australia experi- ment. Two years ago the Labor Party would not listen to one word against the certain success of that movement. (Mr. McPherson— "It has not failed yet.") That was most ex- traordinary seeing that it had been asserted by nearly everyone who went there that the principle on which it had been intended to establish that settlement could not succeed. (Mr. McPherson—It is succeeding now.") Success should be judged by numbers, and many of the settlers had confessed theselves glad to get back—even at the expense of friends, and in some cases of the Governments of the various colonies—to Australia. It had been argued that because no man had made the land therefore no man ought to own it, and that because land could not be increased in quantity it should be held in trust by the community. How could that be made to work out satis- factorily in practice ? It could only be done in two ways. Either by taking all the revenue for the purposes of government from the land alone ; or, to put a personal case, by saying that because he owned so much land at Black- rock, and someone else wanted some of it, therefore the man who wanted it must have it. Thus there would be no security at all. There were many other things—the natural produc- tion of the earth—that could not be increased. Take gold as an illustration. No one ever refused to appropriate a sovereign he had earned because gold formed part of the ori- ginal inheritance of mankind. Because the air and water were free—(Mr. Roberts—"Water is not free.'') The flowing stream beneath the ground was free to all who could reach it. To use water required no labor in its preparation, but to make land useful a man must employ labor upon it. As it necessitated the employment of labor to make it productive, individuals must have secure possession of the land, and must be assured that no one could take it away from him under the law, and that at no time could its value be taken away through confiscation or taxation. Mr. BLACKER could not agree with the motion, and we sure that if its supporters would change their occupation and go in for agriculture they would prefer a freehold to a lease. There was really very little difference between a perpetual lease and a fee simple. As soon as a man began to improve a perpetual lease he improved it value, and this value might be increased through the increase of population or the construction of roads and railways, and any man wishing to sell under such circum- stances should be allowed to do so. If the land was free to everyone it would be useless for people to go on to it. He agreed with the Commissioner, who in his able speech put the matter in a nutshell when he said that people who preferred a fee simple could now get it, and the one who wanted a perpetual lease could do so. No doubt the man with very little money would prefer the lease, as he would have more money available to devote to improvements. It had been said that the colont should have been started on the principle of perpetual leasing, but if it had few people would have come here, and instead of the Adelaide plains being dotted with thriv- ing suburbs and smiling gardens it would have been a cattle run. Those who came here left the overcrowded old world because they thought they could secure land here cheaply on which to make homes for themselves and families. If they could not have purchased land they would have preferred to go to Canada and the United States, and it was much better that the land should have been sold, and the proceeds devoted to bringing people out to the colony. We had an excellent system at present under which people could either acquire the fee simple or a perpetual lease, so that he would oppose the motion. Mr. ARCHIBALD said it was not the first time they had discussed a similar motion, and each year the arguments in its favor grew stronger. We might talk of our boundless territory, but the greater portion of it was only suited for pastoral pursuits, and the quantity available for agricultural purposes was growing less and less. Before long it would be necessary to repurchase land on which to settle farmers. (Mr. O'Loughlin— "So you would if this were carried.") He did not think so, because if they repurchased land and then sold it they would simply be working in a circle. It was a characteristic fact that the small holdings were decreasing, and that the land was getting into the hands of large proprietors. (Mr. Foster—"What do you call a large proprietor?") A large pro- prietor owned from 3,000 acres upwards. (Mr. Foster—"Not everywhere.") He ad- mitted that 3,000 acres in Lincoln's Gap would not be enough, and those who sent the farmers to that spot should be in the Stockade. The man who wanted to own a piece of land of his own generally went to the money lender, who let him have money at from 6 to 20 per cent., according to his circumstances, with the result that men who so ardently desired to have a freehold did not retain possession of it very long. It was a well-known fact that the farmers of both the eastern and western States of America were disappearing one by one on account of this. Even in this colony it was not uncommon to find that the man who had held the freehold a few years ago had now disappeared. Owing to the present excessive competition the far- mers had got the worst of the deal, and it was the duty of the State to protect them. The French Revolution gave France 6,000,000 small landowners, but 1,000,000 of these had been swamped up by the larger men. The advanced party in France saw that it was necessary to do something to prevent this and that the soil must be held for the benefit of the people and the State. If the State had not provided cheap money here the evil would have been greater even than it was. Mr. Copley had referred to the land tenure under ancient civilisation, but that tenure had resulted in people be- coming slaves to the landholders. It was absurd to compare ancient civilisation with that of modern days in connection with the land question. South Australians had practically carried out a system which had been inherited from their forefathers. Some- thing had been said about people owning land, but no man owned the land, because the greatest judges in England had held that every bit of land in the British dominion be- longed to the British Crown. This was the decision of the late Right Hon. Sir George Jessel, the Master of the Rolls, Lord Chief Justice Cockburn, and the Lord Chancellor in the Epping Forest case. Mr. Copley had said a lot about it being impossible to get the best out of the land unless it was held in fee simple. (Mr. Copley—"I said it was impos- sible to get such good cultivation.") The hon. member was wrong. The fee simple farm got into the hands of the mortgagee, and the men who held it had to pay very heavy rent in the form of interest. By far the best condition was to hold land on lease, and, although some members con- tended that the evils characteristic of the fee simple method would be just as prevalent he believed they would not be. If a man took up a perpetual lease the land belonged to him and his heirs and successors. If a relative to whom a lease passed did not care to take it up he could go to the Commissioner of Crown Lands and secure a transfer. The very best cultivated lands in the world were held on a 20 years' lease. In England such leases had been in existence for hundreds of years, and members who desired to obtain information on the subject ought to read the lectures by Thorold Rogers which were published four or five years ago. The holders of these leases had perfect freedom, and they could cultivate the land as they liked. Within abut four years of the expiration of the lease the tenant applied for a renewal, and invariably it was granted, but of course there were exceptions. The product of the lease for the last four years of the term were averaged when a renewal was granted, and the rent was based on that average. This was the Liecester system of leasing, and 20 per cent. of the best farms in England were held on leases of this description. The system advocated by Mr. McPherson would work out quite as satisfac- torily as these 20-year leases, and practically what was asked for was the old copy- hold leases of England. It would repay members to read up the subject. (Mr. Caldwell—"Where do you get your in- formation?") If the hon. members would read Thorold Rogers's "Six Centuries of Work and Wages," he would be possessed of a great deal more information than he now had on the subject. He appealed to Mr. Harrold whether that was not the case. (Mr. Harrold—"I had the honor of being one of Thorold Rogers's students.") And that accounted for the hon. member being one of the most Liberal Conservatives in South Australia. As he had said, the best farms in England were held on 20 years' leases, and on the Continent practically the same system prevailed. The old story about what the South Australian Company had done had been brought up, and it was amusing to hear it. Did members think that with the discoveries of gold which were made very many years ago and which caused so much attention to be directed to Australia, the colony would not have been settled within a few years after it was proclaimed in any case. Men- tion of the company reminded him that so far as private landowners were concerned the time was not far distant when the Legislature would have to introduce some system of fixing rents by means of a board. When they com- pared the Crown rents with those which had to be paid by tenants of private owners it was obvious that something should be done to assist the private tenants. Private land- lords were too determined to get all they could squeeze out of their tenants. Mr. O'Malley talked about the Unitef States, but was there not the same rascality practised there and the same rackrenting which dis- graced other parts of the world. Yet in the face of this he wished the House to believe that the people of the States were paragons of virtue. Mr. Copley talked about the Russian system, and it was clear that he did not know anything about it. The Russian scheme was a very ancient one, but with the emancipation of the serfs of that country the peasantry had turned their backs upon it, and they were gradually reverted to the old system. What Mr. Copley had said about Russia was all moonshine, as the writings of one of their princes who was a well-known writer would prove. Mr. Copely did not be- lieve in the village settlements or in New Aus- tralia, and he asked him if he believed in the Mormon ideas on the question of land owner- ship. (Mr. Copley—"You did not ask me that.") Yes, he did, and he thought Mr. Copley knew nothing about it. References had been made to capital and capitalists; and he and his party did not object to capital, for no man outside a lunatic asylum could say that it could be done without. They, However, did not always like capitalists and the way they behaved, but that was a different matter. With the Mormons a settler was given pro- visions, two or three head of cattle, he was shown how to cultivate the land, and a man was sent to teach him. A tenth of his earnings was deducted if he made a profit, and if the land were no good he was taken off it. He wanted too see true and permanent settlement in this colony. He asked leave to continue his remarks at a future date. On the motion of Mr. ARCHIBALD the debate was adjourned till October 7. POLLING PLACE. Mr. HANDYSIDE moved—"That an ad- dress be presented to the Governor praying his Excellency to issue a proclamation declaring Cooke's Plains a polling-place for the electoral district of Albert." Carried. ADJOURNMENT. The House at 6.26 p.m. adjourned till next day at 2 p.m. 