ST. PATRICK'S DAY. THE LUNCHEON. At 1 o'clock luncheon was served in the room underneath the members' pavilion. Mr. G. blocker catered in lib usual excellent style. The chair was occupied by Mr. P. MeM. Glynn, B.A., LL.B. (president of the Irish National Federation). He was supported by his Grace the Archbishop, the Treasurer, the Commissioner of Public Works, the Commis sioner of Crown Lands, the Chief Secretary, the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. C. Tucker), Hon. J. H. Howe, Alderman Johnson, Dr. O'Counell, Councillor Darby, and Mr. Aloysius MacDonald. ' : The Chairman apologised for the absence of the Premier, who hoped to be present later in the day. - . The Archbishop, who was received with loud cheers, proposed " The day we celebrate. The committee had done him great kindness in asking him to propose the toast. _ In rising to speak he found himself somewhat in a dilemma, for it brought up so many ideas and_ new subjects that it was hard to make a selection Of one upon which a speech could be based. »*o many of these subjects, too, were so patriotic that it made the task all the more onerous and difficult. Some grave historians had said St. Patrick was a Frenchman, others would have it that he was a Scotchman, and again it was averred he was a German. Personally as a historian he believed he was an Irishman. (Laughter and cheers.) Another subject upon which there was a divergence of opinon was Home Rule. In South Australia they went in largely for politics, but with all due respect to the members of the Ministry and other political gentlemen present he thought it would be better to leave politics alone—(hear, hear)—because if they once got into the arena of politics it might interfere with their digestion. (Laughter.) There was the sweet little, dear little. shamrock of Ireland still left for their reflection; it was much in evidence that day. (Cheers.) The shamrock had a will of its own —it was thoroughly _ Irish, and while it grew luxuriantly in its.native soil lb per sistently refused to thrive anywhere else. (Cheers.) In "Love and Idleness" Shakes peare spoke of a western flower, and although he did not push his botanical investigations into a neighboring country still the description corresponded exactly with the shamrock. Shakespeare was a genius, and his knowledge of men and things was too extensive for him to believe that the bard had not heard of the dear little, sweet little shamrock of Ireland. (Laughter.) Shakespeare, how ever, having no doubt a due regard for the susceptibilities of his countrymen, did not like to name the western flower the shamrock of Ireland. (Laughter.) There were two kinds of shamrocks—the four-leaved and the three-leaved. The former variety had talis nianic effects. If a maii wanted money or de sired Parliamentary honors and_ had -the four leaved shamrock'in his possession, his wishes wore gratified. (Laughter.) Unfortunately it was on record thac the discovery of the four-leaved shamrock was rare. (Laughter.) He was sorry for it, as otherwise half the mem bers of our Legislature and also the lederal Convention would be Irishmen. (Laughter and , oheers.) The thi'ee-leaved shamrook was a less uncommon plant. However, it was supposed to have medicinal effects, and where ah Irishman was struck down it was, supposed to cure the wound, and certainly prevented blood poisoning. (Laughter.) He hoped they might all live long to celebrate the feast of St. Patrick. - (Loud cheers.) Mr. Glynn, who was greeted with cheers, in reply, said he confessed he felt inclined to take advantage of his position as ohairman and refuse to call upon • himself. The diffi culty oh each occasion was to say something new, but .lie thanked his grace for hiB re ference to Shakespeare's " Love and Idleness. He must, however, say there Was not much idleness so far as he was capablo_of judging about Irish love. (Laughter.) Irishmen .did not sleep in their love. . On many occasions even the blackthorn had been; called into requisition in such matters. Moreover the character referred to bjr the archbishop could not have been Irish, for Fletcher had said, "Faith, she lias devils in her. tongue," He thanked his grace for the kindly way he had spoken. (Cheers.) , , Dr. O'Connell submitted "Australia, the land of their adoption. It was only fair, how ever,-that their native land should have prece dence on these occasions. He was pleased to see the Ministry present. It had been well said that wherever one. went he was sure • to meet an Irishman. If thB Antarctic rogions were explored tbey would surely, find one there. Australia had been built up by Irish men, so that in honoring the toast they were to a certain extent honoring their native, land, (Cheers.) Yictoria, Queen and. E.mpresa, reigned over many lands, but no fairer,inheri tance was under her temporal sovereignty than this—to some the land of adoption, to others the land of birth, and which they called Australia. (Loud cheers.) • -Mr. W. J. Denny responded. He was sur prised that Dr. O'Counell as an Irishman should express his diffidence to propose that or any other toast. As a rule Irishmen were equal to any emergency. (Laughter.) Unfor tunately Australia bad not a patron saint like 3k Patrick.- One might come in time, although institutions in which a boy .was free to say anything but his prayers did not supply the materials of which saints were made. (Laughter.) Australians had a lack of sentiment, but they were not deficient ih the good qualities that went to make a man. Their want of national scenery was proverbial, but they had political institutions that might compare with much more favored countries. (Oheers.) Most Irishmen had heard of the bells of Shandon and of the. poetry Weaved round their associations, but Australians would be more concerned to know whether the clock at Shandon kept accurate time, i Aus tralia had no "good people" or shillelaghs, and " turf" had quite a different significance- to that attached to it in Ireland. Australians Sad some of the best strains in their composi tion. They had the 'outeness of the American, the business tact of the Anglo-Saxon, the poetry and eloquence of the Irish, the shrewd ness of the Scotch, and the solidity of > the German. (Loud cheers.) . The Treasurer, in proposing "Thechair man," said Mr. Gly nn was held in high esteem not only by his fellow-countrymen but by the Eeotile of South Australia, as was evidenced y "his election to the Federal Convention. (Loud ■ cheers.) . LeSt he should be tempted into the devious paths of politics he Would content himself with merely submitting the toast. . Mr. Glynn having suitably acknowledged the compliment the proceedings closed. ' THE SPORTS. . The sports were' successfully carried out although at times the starting , of some of the events was somewhat hindered by the public prowding the course. The racing on the Whole was very good, the finishes ot some of . the events being exciting. The St. Patrick's Day Sheffield Handicap brought out a good field, and after two rounds of heats had been run the first place fell to H. Jones off 13 yards mark, while E. J; Whiteford with 13J yards start came-in second, and J. H. Trathen off. 10£ yards mark came third. In the first heat of the second round some of the starters were'dis qualified by the officials. The lilirdle race fell to H. Jones after several heats had been run. A good deal of interest was taken in the running high jump, which -was Won by M. R. Pluuketb who cleared the line at 5 ft. l in., 1 while Fairweather took-second place, jumping j 4 It. 10 ih. Appended are the results:— TWO JULES B1CVCLE RACE. First heat—A. 12. Sampson, scr.; It. It. Russack, 40 I yards; T. J. Trevail, 25 yards. Other starters—J. J. Muffins, 90 yards; S. Netlierton, 140 yards ; X. J. j Black, 175 yards; F. Tanner, 200 yards. The pace was very lair, and after an interesting race Sampson won from Russack by a few inches, Trevail coming in | a fair third. Time, 4 niin. 52 sec. Second heat—J. F. Bulkoley, 120 yards; W, T. Carter, 30 yards; E. C. 'Xubb, 110 yards. Other starters—J. Fauser, 105 yards; T. Martin, 200 yards; H. Dawson, 200 yards; T. R. Stevenson, 230 yards. This race proved somewhat slow until the last lap, when Tubb shot out from Carter and Bulkeley, then the latter sprinted Splendidly into the straight, and won by about a wheel. Time, 5 niih. 6 sec. Third heat—J. O. Baker, 10 yards; Vi\ T. Physick, 140yards; A. E. DAvis, 100yards. Other starters— A. Bergstrom, 100 yards; J. Meyers, 150 yards. Harold Bickiord, scratch; and A J. McCorniack, 00 yards, not taking part. Baker caught the field early in the race, and won very comfortably. Time, 4 inin. 551 sec. Fiual—W. T. Carter, 30 yards; J. C. Baker, 10 yards; J. F. Bulkeley, 120 yards. This race was a fight between the first three men and Russack, who obtained fourth place. Baker eutel-ed a protest agaihst Carter in the final. FOOTRACING. 75 Yards Handicap Race (for boys under 12).—A. I Sheridan, E. Thomas. 2 100 Yards Handicap Race (for boys under 16).—H. ! Galrin, Jtlleliir. 100 Yards Handicap Maiden Race.—M. R. Plunkett, C. Peckhaui.' 100 Yards Three-legged Race Handicap.—J. C. and J. Iienigham, H. Clarke and j?. Nation. 100 Yards Handicap Flat Race (for members juvenile contingent H.AC.B. Society).—H. Galvin, P. Walsh. 100 Yards Goat Race.—J. Digan, G. Wallace. Running High Jump Handicap.—M. R. Plunkett, 5 I ft. 1 in. ; Fairweather, 4 fa 10 in. 100 Yards Handicap Race (for members H. AC.B. Society).—O; A. Plunkett, M. J. Tohin. 100 Yards Handicap Race (for members of Catholic I literary societies).—W. J. Denny, C. E. Bridgewood. One-Mile Handicap Flat- Race.— M. Spain, scratch ; E. A. Drefke, 10 yards;. J.Wicken, 45 yards. 200 Yards Hundicap Fiat Race.—C. Western, A. Kelton. Old Buffers' Race, 50 yards.—P. Morrissey, M. Haines. 100 Yards Handicap Committee Race.—P. F. Eiley, j J. E. Linohen, J. J. Hughes. 150 Yards Handicap Hnrdle Race.—First heat—H. Jones, J. Farrelly. Second heat—L. Horrie, W. O. Plunkett. Third heat—F. J. Barr, J. W. Townsend. Final heat—H. Joues, 13 yards; J. Farrelly, 16 yards; F. J. Barr, 13 yards. St. Patrick's Day Sheffield Handicap.—First round —First heat—J. E. Trathen, M. R. Plunkett. Second heat—A. McCallum, J. McNainara. Third heat—E. Tindali, F. W. Harrison. Fourth heat—E. J. Whiteford, J. M. Townsend. Fifth heat—L. Horne, A L. Addison. Sixth heat—L. G. Grewar, H. Jones. Second rouud.—First lieat—J. McNamara. Second | heat—H. Jones, J. E. Trathen. Third heat—E. J. | Whiteford, L. Horne- Final heat—H. Jones, 13 1 yards; E. J. Wlilteford, 13J yards ; J. E. trathen, 10i yards. I The gentlemen who aoted as officials were:—Sports committee, Messrs. J. O. I Healy, P. IT. Kiley, E. Phair, J. P. Murphy, J. E. Linahen, J. Moroney, E. Sugg, J. J. Hughes, J. M. Williams, W. J. Denny, J, J. Sullivan, M. J. Morrissey, ,T. P. Doheny, D. | Young, and Rev. P. Hurley; handicapper, Mr. B. J. Eurnell; starter, Mr. J. J. Hughes ; | judges, Messrs. J. J. Sullivan and J. E. Linahen; referee, Mr. P. E. Kiley ; secretary I of sports, Mr. M. J. Morrissey; hon. secre-1 taries, Messrs. D. Young and J. P. Doheny. THE NATIONAL CONCERT. One of the inost pleasing and popular parts of the programme of St. Patrick's Day celebra tion is the national concert which is held in the Town Hall. On the present occasion it proved no exception to the rule and a large audience assembled, amongst whom were the Archbishop, the Premier and Mrs. Kingston, the Commissioner of Crown Lands,. Arch deacon Russell and Archpriest Nevin, and a large number of city and suburban clergy. Mr. P. McM. Glynn delivered an address on "Our National Festival," in the course of which he said No race is more tenacious of traditions than the Irish, no race is fonder of idealising the past; you will not on this earth find a people with a feeling of nationality more intense, or domestic instincts more developed, than the people whose national festival we celebrate to-day. The historic ideal is an abiding reality with us; we have perhaps more than other nations a fondness for the romance of the past, and for what is poetic and inspiring in national memories. You remember how Moore suggests this side of the national temper in that song which might be considered our national anthem, and in which he asks the Sons of Erin to remember the days of old:— On Lough Neagh's bank as the fisherman strays, When the clear cold eve's declining, He sees the round towers ot other days In the wave beneath him shining. Thus shall memory often, in dreams sublime, Catch a glimpse of the days that are over; Thus, sighing, look through the waves of time For the long laded glories they cover. I am not going to believe, therefore, that the children of Irish parents—of parents so devoted to the national ideal—have altogether cut the painter with their historic records, or aifect a vulgar insensibility in relation to their races and traditions. _ We are common-place enough, God knows, without assuming a want of sense for the poetry of patriotism. _A great Irish s tat es rnaii—tne greatest, according to a contempo rary, that the world had ever seen—says that "people will not look forward to posterity who never look back to their ancestors." But let me refer to a living writer. Ruskin, con trasting at the time of the Indian mutiny the effect of natural surroundings, those surround ings from which patriotism draws its inspira tion, on the capacities and moral habits of the Scotch and East Indians, saysOut of the peat cottage come faith, courage, self-sacrifice, purity, piety, and whatever else is fruitful in the work of Heaven; out of the ivory palace come treachery, cruelty, cowardice, idolatry, bestiality—whatever else is fruitful in the work of hell." And he ascribes this to the fondness of the Scotch for the natural scenery of their native land—to the 'fact that their passions and principles are directly associated with the oharm and power of, nature. How many instances of this association of natural scenery with the purest and'most salutary patriotism, the patriotism that at once refines and inspires, is furnished by Scotch poetry. MoBt of the references in Irish patriotic poetry are to the beauty and grandeur of natural scenery—to,, of course, as is inevitable with Celtic _ natures; . the brightness and blarney of Irish eyes, the softness and silver purity of Irish lakes, , and the boldness of the mountain cliffs that beat back eternally the breaking swell of the Atlantic. Let me now say a few words, and a few only will be re quired, as to some of the half-forgotten reasons why we should keep up our memories of the past. If history- repeats itself Ireland ought to have a bright future before it. Thierry says that " the poetry and literature of ancient Ireland were the* most cultivated, perhaps, of all western Europe." Some of the beginnings of the great elemental dramas, of which Wagner has maiie such use, can be traced to Celtic, if'not Irish sources. It seems to be the function of some races to supply the foundation of literature; of others to raise the structure of the imagination. The great German epic; the Nibelungen Lied, has Irish scenes; the Isold of Tristram, of the old love story modernised by Arnold, Tennyson, and others, was an Irish girl, one probably as bewitching as these that the great Danish warrior. King Magnus, .loved better than himself and whose beauty made hiiu declare his heart was in Dublin. And now, ladies and gentlemen; having sounded the praises of ourselves and our mother land—for of course patriotic eulogies are to some small extent self- regarding—let me say a few words as to the objects which underlie the celebration of this day. As a race we stick with some tenacity to the memory of our great dead, and St. Patrick is in all conscience - dead long enough to be borne in strong 'remembrance. He leaveB, I need scarcely tell you, an historic name, for now that, as a professor Bays, history BhoUld be::written backwards and* ancestors and. posterity are liable to become some what mixed, 1". might' say that he was called after myself. Indeed; I can claim a further acquaintance with St. -Patrick, and hope, of course; hereafter to make it. I was once, under the spiritual supervision of his historian,' the Rev. • -Father - Shearman, of Howtb. Father Shearman, I think, had an idea that there were three St. Patricks, but to that there can be little objection, as one cannot have too much of a good thing. . Perhaps this explains the assertion of the sons of Caledonia, who have a knack of appropriating what is valuable, that St. Patrick was a Highlander. Bub tc be serious. It is not alone as the anni versary of our patron saint, but as a preserva tive of our sense of nationalityYhat we cele brate St. Patrick's Day. On the 17th of March the unity of the race is made perfect through the touch of a_ common memory. It has been said of the British Empire that it is one "on which the sun never sets" and " whose morning drum-beat, following the sun and keeping company with the hours, encircles the globe with-all unbroken chain of martial airs." Well, "St. Patrick's Day in the morn ing" follows the bugle of the dawn; I think you will hear the music of the brogue wherever the flag of freedom flies, from tropics to Arctic lands, from." the Orkneys to the Horn," some son oE old Ireland will be found to comme-' morate the festival of his native land and sing,. even in climes where the natives strut in naked majesty, " The Wearing of the Green." The fact of it is, there is no life without ideals, no sympathy between : men possible without a centre of common interest, and devotion to the country that bore us, or was the scene of our ancestral^ records, supplies as salutary and comprehensive an ideal as life is likely to afford. And does not this patriotism, poetic or retrospective though it may be now that the sphere oE our activity, is here, react upon us as citizens ot this young and healthy state. Are we not, whatever may be the land of our descent, the better Australians for remembering on the return of a festival day the laud of our father's love; are we not the better fitted to found, as we are about to do, a new nation worthy of our blended bloods from having dwelt upon the memories of. the old home across the sea and warmed our hearts from time to time at the living fire of her altars ? It must be so* As Englishmen wo may boast of our "sceptred isle," as Scotchmen of the wild beauty of our mouutaiu scenery, as Irishmen of wfiat you will; but it is only men that do so who can feel to the full the spirit of Kipling's toast to the sons of the Empire; who can rise to the height and abandon of his concluding lines— . We've drunk to the Queen, God hless her; i ■ We've drunk to our mother's land ; We've drunk to our Eug.ish brother (And we hope he'll understand). We've drunk as much as we're able, And the cross swings low to the dawn ; Last toast—and your foot on the table— A health to the native born. Ah excellent programme had been arranged by the secretaries, Messrs. W. J. Denny and P. E. Kiley, and was well carried out. The organ recitals by Mr. W. Sanders, first "Fantasia on Irish airs" and then a march by Dunster, were in each case pleasing pre ludes to the portions of the programme which followed. The air "There is a charming girl," from Benedict's " The Lily of Killarney," was rendered bv Mr. F. Monk, who was in good voice, and met with a,warm reception. Moore's "Last rose of summer," as sung by Miss Nellie O'Sullivan, appealed to all present, and the songstress only escaped an encore by the faot that, owing to the length of the programme, they were strictly forbidden. Later on Miss O'Sullivan scored another success in Lover's ballad "The angel's whisper." Haynes's popular "Off to Phila delphia," as sung by Mr. O. E Taeuber, was given with vim, and elicited loud applause. He was also expressive in "Me darlin' Asthore." Mr. A. C. Quinn's masterly manipulation of the violin, combined with his powers of expression/in a "Fantasia on Irish melodies" won for him undoubted expression of approval. "Kathleen Mavourneen" alwayB appeals to an Irish audience, but as sung by Mr. R. Nitschke it evoked more than usual enthusiasm, but when after wards he sung " The minstrel boy" the audience was "agin the law," and in sisted on him singina the last verse. Two pieces essential to the occasion were "The Irish immigrant" and "Comeback to Erin," and it is needless to say Miss E. Lohrmann in each won golden opinions. Equally suitable to the occasion were the con tributions of Mrs. Geach, who sang "Kil larney" and "Asthore" with most pleasing effects. " The moon has raised her lamp" was given as a duet by Messrs. Monk and Taueber, while "God save Ireland," in which Mr. Nitschke Bang the 6olo parts, brought the entertainment to a close. THE BANQUET. For several years the idea of holding a ban quet on St. Patrick's night has been talked about, but nothing practical has come of it. However, on Wednesday night, at the Exchange Hotel, -Hindley-street, the first of a series of annual banquets in connection j with the Irish National Federation was held. Over 100 guests sat down to a capital spread provided by Mr. 0. A. Marten, and the banquet was a brilliant success. In the menu cards was the following verse:— And hearts that have been long estranged .And friends that have grown cold. Shall meet again like parted streams And mingle as of old. The Hon. J. V. O'Loghmn (Chief Secre-| tary) presided. The loyal toasts having been honored, Mr. F. F. Wholohan proposed—"The day we celebrate." Ho man must think that Ire land was crooning over the irreparable past; she was to-day a vigorous personality battling for her rights, and they should remember that there was no statute of limitation which barred the rights of a nation. (Cheers.) The toast entrusted to him was one that would bs honored and received with enthusiasm all the world over._ (Cheer3.) There were many.em pires, but there was a nobler and and a name less empire which spread all round the globe— an empire of Irish heart3, which extended from furthest north to south, and from furthest east to west. (Cheers.) He was afraid Irish men were getting very matter-of-fact, and were trudging their weary way for 364 days in the year. Surely on the remaining day they could be allowed to give themselves up to the enjoy ment of celebrating the natal day of their patron saint. (Cheers.) The time had gone by when Ireland's past could he despised or ignored. A flood of light had shone on the deeds of their noblest meu—deeds which recalled the greatest glories in history. (Cheers.) Ireland was famed for the beauty and chastity of her dark eyed colleens, the eloquence and piety of her missionaries, and the pioturesqueness of her scenery. Ireland was only too willing to hold out the hand of friendship to all nations; and if she were only united 'there was no poiVer on earth to deprive Irishmen of their rights. (Cheers.) They saw Ireland only throueh the mists of memory, but though they lived beneath the Southern Cross they still had a warm corner in their hearts for the dear old land far away.. (Cheers.) It was said that Ireland had been conquered, but she never had been in the real sense of the word. (Hear, hear.) Who now feared to speak of '93? Was there an Irishman now who hung his head with shame at the sound of the glories of "'98? ' (Cheers.) They hoped to see the Parliament again established in Coilege Green, and, though"it might seem incongrous to some people, Irishmen could love South Aus tralia and yet not be false to Ireland. (Cheers.) The Chairman,- in reply, said t,he sentiment embodied in that toast needed neither elo quence nor rhetoric to commend it to those present. He had not the good fortune to belong to Ireland, nor to have seen the green shores of Erin. He was laboring under a disability in this respect, but no more so than St. Patrick himself. Seven cities laid claim to the birthplace of Homer. A good manv.had put forward a similar plea ior St. Patrick, and yet the very land he had sanotified and glorified made no such claim. (Hear, hear.) They were charged -with being too exclusive because they united in doing honor to one to whom they vowed their allegiance, and who was a great benefactor of their race. (Cheers.)' They were prepared to extend sympathy to ' anyone who was in ^ sympathy with them in their national aspirations. This_ celebration was not associated with the triumph of one party or the disaster of another. St. Patrick belonged to no party or faction, and Irishmen of all creeds and classes could unite in celebra ting this festival without introducing those bitter memories which. were unfortunately associated with other celebrations. They were all met in one communion to do honor to Ireland's patron saint) whose name was attached to two of the noblest sentiments to be found in Irish hearts—faith and fatherland. (Loud cheers.) St. Patrick was claimed by Protestants as well as Catholics, but, like the teetotaller who excused himself on the ground that "he was not bigoted," if Ireland's patron saint were a Protestant he was not a bigoted one. (Laughter.) The Scotch had gloried' in St. Andrew and the English in St. George; then why should not they do honor to St. Patrick, whoso memory carried - them back to the time when Ireland was the island of saints. (Cheers.) Why was there a disposition on the part of some of their, countrymen or countrywomen to despise the good old names for their children at baptism ? The name of Patrick was going out of fashion, and sonie now fandangled name was substituted. We had picked. up such names as "Norman Stanley Flanagan," "Leslie Plantagenet Murphy"' and "Vic toria Angelina McCarthy." (Loud laughter.) He hoped there were none there who would be ashamedof the old-fashioned, good old names.; what was good enough for their forefathers ought to be good enough for them. (Cheers). In times of trouble and disaster they should not grow cold in their warmth towards their native land, but rather help their countrymen in their; fight for liberty. (Cheers). He hoped that this gathering would be an annual one,.and that they would meet again to honor St. Patrick's Bay, (Cheers). Mr. R. J. Oayanagh'submitted "Ireland a nation," which was a Subject for an orator and an inspiration for a poet. The history of Ire land furnished thenrwith illustrious examples of men who had fought undaunted for the liberty of the country. In every phase of their history , men had been produced who would 'live for ever m the memory of all time. . It was absurd to say Irishmen were not capable-of governing themselves. ■ In every country they had acted as Premiers of their^ colonies—(cheers)— mayors of their towns, and representatives of their districts. (Cheers.) : Mr. Glynn said in these days the force of thought was practically more powerful than the force of arms, and as Irishmen they were more hopeful of the sympathy of other nations than ever—a sympathy which stimulated that intense enthusiasm for the cause they had at heart—Irish nationality. (Cheers.) . .They were fast approaching the year of 189S, which recalled memories of ■ a mournful character, and 1782 saw the establishment of a Pariiar raent on College Green. What could be done at one time could be accomplished' again with faith and energy. Let them not be daunted by what had taken place at home amongst the Irish Party, but hope that all disputes might soon blow over and that all would be found working for the common weal. • • Mr. J. P. Doheny, in proposing "Aus tralia," said no one could dispute the right of Irishmen to be proud of Australia.' He re ferred to the late Mr. W. B. Dalley. Aus tralia's first Privy Councillor, Chief Justice Higginbotham, Charles Gavan Duffy, Sir Robert Torrens, and Sir George Kingston, not to mention worthy descendents like the Kingstons and O'Loghlins. (Cheers.) Ho rejoiced that in Australia they had not felt the arm of oppression, and that the grip of the ovicfcor and tyrant had not been put upon tbethroatof struggling humanity. (Hear, hear.) Though short was our history it was none the less glorious. The pioneers had left us examples of their heroism, and the lessons of our explorers would not be lost upon young Australians, who were full of courage and determination. (Cheers.) , . , . . The PremieE, who was greeted with ringing cheers, said the warmth of the reception made him feel that ho was in a room filled with warm Irish hearts. He was reminded previously that he was in an Irish gathering' by a variety of circumstances, not the least being, that delicious touch of the native tongue which he had never heard on its native shore, and by the eloquence which had marked every speech throughout the proceedings, and which had been soconspiciousinMr,Dolien/saddress. (Cheers.) The'chairman had found fault with the fact that Irish fathers and mothers had adopted a certain style in connection -with the nomencla-. ture of their offspring. Both Mr. G'Loghlin and Mr. Glynn .had now a glorious oppor tunity of altering that. (Loud laughter.) If they only abandoned their desolate state of what some people miscalled "single blessed ness" and gave practical proof of that adoration of the sex which they so eloquently professed — (laughter!—in the •natural sequence of events there would occur opportunities of perpetuating the patronymic of " Pat," which they could not hope to enjoy whilBt they remained bachelors. (Loud laughter.! The new woman was supposed to be with them; but he was contented with the old. However, these' two gentlemen at present retained the right of selection. Let thein make their choice. (Laughter.) They had opportunities in the direction he had suggested of meeting a long-felt want, both as regards an increase in the_ Irish population and securing a perpetuation of the patronymic of Pat, which they so much deplored as having gone out of date. (Loud laughter.) He did not know that his name had often been associated with saints— (laughter) — but if there was one saint more than another for whom he had respect it was St. Patrick; and.it would be strange if it were not so. St. Patrick was the patron saint of old Ireland, which he had never seen, and for which for various reasons he cherished the most san guine ideals. (Cheers.) If he ever got so near as England — and they saw it was suggested that there was sOme prospect of his doing so—the time would not'be far distant when he would make himself inti mately acquainted with Ireland and her people in tbeir native home. (Cheers.) They were reminded that they owed much to tfie pioneers of South; Australia who came from the countries of the Old World. _ What wonder then that the son—though it might be an unworthy son—of that grand old Irish Eioueer whose name had been mentioned should e tempted a little to dwell on the debt of gratitude which South Australia originally owed to Irish .enterprise, and which she had since done so . much to generously' repay. Australia was his native laud—in which he was born and bred and in which he hoped to die. (Cheers.) Breathes there a man with soul bo dead "Who never to himself hath said This is my own, my native land. They had little fear that a glorious mother had I any where such recreant sons. Autralia appealed! too powerfully to their patriotism. They were reminded of the freedom they enjoyed, and well might that be so. Well might our consti tution be held up as an example and a Source of admiration to the countries of the world. The short period of our history forbade a long record of military achievements such as that to which less favored coun tries might point. Might our soil never be polluted with the wholesale outpouring of human blood, but peace has her victories as well as war—(loud cheers)—and a conquered wilderness, a thriving country, a pros perous and contented . community, spoke mora eloquently of Australia, its people, and resources, than centuries of bloody fratricidal strife. (Cheers.) Achievements such as these accomplished by individual states opened to them the most glorious vista of the possibilities of a united Australia, the ideal of all true Australians so magnifi cently apostrophised by an Australian singer. O, fair ideal, unto whom, Through days of doubt and nights of gloom, Brave hearts have clung, while lips of scorn Made mock of Uiee as but a dream, Already on the heights of morn We see thy golden sandals gleam. And glimmering through the clouds that wrap thee yet, The seven stars that are thy coronet. Politics were properly tabooed on an occasion of this sort, but • they would hardly wish him to refrain, in view,of the great national gather ing of Australian statesmen who would shortly meet in Adelaide, for referring to the greatest of all Australian questions — federation. (Cheers.) Might it speedily be accomplished and on an enduring basis. (Cheers.) When that day came for the relisation of the poet's dream and the patriot's aspiration, but not till then, it might happen that someone would have eVen a greater honor than he had now in responding to the toast of united Australia. (Loud cheers.) During the evening a programme of national music was carried out under the direction of Mr. W. J. Jacobs, those contributing items being Messrs. P. Healy, J. C. Healy, D. Bothe, J. McDermott, P. Field, E. Berming ham, J. H. Lyons, and J. P.' Dolieny. Mr, Bothe sang Heuzenroeder's "Australia" after that toast had been proposed, and at the close of the evening's proceedings Mr. Doheny gave " God save Ireland," the company joining in the chorus. 