NEWS AND NOTES. WESLET CHURCH SERVICE«.-The Wed- nesday evening service for the psoplo will be held in Wesley Church to-night, when the Rev. C. A. Jenkins will give an address on " Righteousness and its Results." Dnring the servies Mrs. AVilliaras will sing the solo " O Saviour pilot nie." MUELLER BOTANIC SociETT.-A general meeting of the members of the Mueller Botanic Society will be held in the AVesley Hall. William-street, this evening, when Mr. Bickford's leclnre on tiie "' AArild Flowers of AV.À.," which was postponed from the -1th inst., will be delivered. The lecture is to be illustrated by lantern slides, diagrams, and specimens. A CANTATA.-Hoots' popular cantata, " Under the Palms," will ba rendered this evening in Charles-strasit AVesleyan Church by a choir and chorus of seventy voices nuder the conductorship of Mr. O. J. Hewett. An orchestra of twelve performers will assist. The soloists will include several well-known local vocalists, and tha church will be prettily decorated. The charge for admission is Is. THE COOLGARDIE MIXING AND INDUS- TRIAL EXHIBITION.-Tho forthcoming visit to Perth of the committee of the Coolgardie Mining and Industrial Exhibition was men- tioned at the executive meeting of the Perth Chamber of Mines yesterday after- noon, when a resolution was adopted direct- ing the secretary to render to the com- mîtes such assistance as might ba in his power. IMPORTATION OF TREES, PLANTS, AND FRUIT.-The following returns show the importation of trees, plants, and fruits into the colony during the quarter ended 30th September last :-Fruits : Consignments inspected, 274; number of cases, 14,341; case3 passed, 14,30G ; cases prohibited, 35 ; cases dipped, 14,303. Fruit trees and plants : Consignments inspected, 183; number of plants, 170,322; plants passed, 170,314; plants prohibited, 8; plants dipped, 18,373. TENDERS POR GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS. \- At the Public Works Department, yesterday, tenders wera opened in connec- tion with the work of erecting a school and quarters at Black Flag, and that of Messrs. Neilson and Hassell was found to be the lowest. The prices submitted for carrying out the work of boring for water and coal near Dongarra wera also dealt with, and Mr. J. McDowell's was the lowest. For a twelve months' lease of tho Condon goods shed, the highest price offered was that of Mr. J. F. Tiffany. MILITARY MOVEMENTS.-Captain Camp- bell informs us that next week about hundred gunners will leave Perth for Albany for the purpose of being exercised on the breech-loading 6-inch guns there. While at the southern part they will be put through their annual course of shell practice with the 9-poundors. Further particulars with regard to tha training expedition will be made known in the course of a day or two. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.-The Railway De- partment yesterday morning received a telegram from the District Superintendent of Railways at Coolgardie, to the effect that a man named Peat threw himself in front of the train which left Kalgoorlie at 8.15 a m. The poor fellow, on being picked up, was found to be very badly injured. He had sustained several severe scalp wounds, a fractured jaw, aud both arms were broken. The sufferer was removed to the Kalgoorlie Hospital. THE AVEST AUSTRALIAN RAILWAY INSTI- TUTE.-In connection with the newly formed AVest Australian Railway Institute, membership rolls hava been prepared, and it is desired that tho^e who wish to bscome members should send in their names, to- gether with the name of the branch to which they desire to belong, to the secretary (Mr. J. H. Railton), Perth, on or before Friday next. As soon as the rolls have been completed, the council of the institute will be elected from the names contained in them. THE PERTH CHAMBER OF MINES.-It was decided yesterday that a general meeting of the Perth Chamber, of Mines should be held on Monday afternoon next at 4 o'clock, and that, if possible, the City Council Chamber should be obtained for the purpose of the meeting. Seve-.al i portant matters ara to be brought before the mesting by various members, these subjects including the cyanide patents, matters in connection with the Collie coal- fields, the mining laws, and bonuses for deep sinking. FREMANTLE SPRING FETE.-No effort is being spared to make the spring fete, which is to be formally opened in the Fremantle Town Hall this afternoon at 3 30 o'clock, a thorough success. The hall has undergone a complete transformation at the hands of the decorator; bunting, fairy lamps, art inuslin. flowers, and evergreens having been called into requisition. The fete will be open from 3 to 5.30 in the afternoon, and will be re-opened in the evening at 7.30 by the Mayor (Mr. E. Solomon, M.L.A.) and Mrs. Solomon. During the evening there will be a musical competi- tion, consisting of church and Sunday school choirs, solos, and other items. A DERAILED TRAIN.-The Railway De- partment yesterd.iy morning was supplied with a report from the head of its staff at Guildford with regard'to an accident which occurred to a train in the station yard at about 11 o'clock on the previous night. According to the information supplied to the traffic manager the train which came io grief was laden with goods and left Midland Junction at 10.22, and it was while shunting operations were going on in the Guildford Railway Yard that the train left the rails. The result of the accident was that the traffic was blocked, but no lime was lost in constructing a loop-line round the derailed train in order to restore the ' rail service. A departmental enquiry is being held concerning the occurrence. A BARQUE: ASHORE.-Captain Webster, Lloyd's agent at Fremantle, has received iiitelligonco that on October 3rd, the iron barciuo Anna Mai ia Sch walbo. (i-lG ton3. had gone on the rocks outside of Hamelin Harbour. The barque had been chartered to load timber at Hamelin for Messrs. Davies Bros. The damage caused by the mishap is stated to be the ripping out of several plates, extending for a length of. 40 feet along the bottom. The vessel, it is reported, is making Sft. of water per hour. She is fully loaded, and fears are enter- tained for her safety. The Anna Maria Schwalbe ivas built at Sunderland in 1864, and is registered at Nordby. She trades under the Danish flag. THE ASIATIC QUESTION.-Following upon the resolutions recently passed at a publio meeting held at the Fremantle Town Hall, having in view the restriction of the im- migration of Asiatics and the enforcement of trade observances upon Asiatic dealers, the Premier was asked by Mr. Grant the secretary to the movement, to receive a deputation upon the matter. The Pre- mier has replied, through Mr. D. J. Doherty, M.L.A., that he considers the suggested deputation to be unnecessary, inasmuch na a bill has been drafted dealing with the subject, and will be submitted to Parliament at an early date. The sup- porters of the movement against Asiatics ara promised copies of the bill as soon as it is printed. ROBBERIES.-Two small but annoying robberies have been perpetrated at the residence of Mr. William Wood. Hay-street West. The first theft occurred three weeks ago, when a quantity of soiled linen, which nas kept in the bathroom, was taken, to gether with parts of a dinner set, plates, and other articles. On Saturday night Mr. Wood's house was again visited, the intruder entering the kitchen, the door of which was not locked, and stealing a joint of uncooked beef, 1½lb. of bacon, a dozen of eggs, and a tea caddy and its contents Mr. Wood reported the first robbery to the police, but, as he declares that no notice was taken of his complaint by the authori- ties, he determined, after he and his family had dined off bread and butter on Sunday to put up with the second loss rather than trouble the police again. THE CITY WATER SUPPLY.-The cere mony of opening the new 21in. main, which for a greater part of the distance connects the Victoria reservoir in the Darling Ranges with the service reservoir in Perth Park, was performed yesterday. The pipe is capable of discharging four and a half million gallons of water during the 24 hours, and the difficulty experienced last year owing to the pipes being incapable of carrying the quantity of water required for the use of the city will, it was stated, not exist in future. Rapid strides have been made in the reticulation of the city, and the only difficulty now to be antici- pated is, it was declared, that the supply of water in the Victoria reservoir will be insufficient for the increased needs of the city. "FARMERS' HANDBOOK."-We have re- ceived from the Bureau of Agriculture Part II. of " The West Australian Settlers' Guide and Farmers' Handbook." This portion of the most ambitions publication that the Bureau has yet attempted deals in noticeably practical fashion with such matters as tho settler's outfit, clearing, ringb irking, cultivating, harvesting, gardening, and farm bookkeeping, and there are -also supplied numerous useful íecipes and medical hints. Of course, there is much in the handbook that tho practical settler does not need to be told, but to the "newchum" the information imparted should prove of the utmost value, being given, as it is, in simple and intelligible language, which can bo the more readily followed because of the numerous diagrams and illustrations with which the letterpress is supplemented. MASONS' STRIKE AT FREMANTLE.-Yes- terday afternoon a strike occurred amongst the masons employed in the erection of the new public markets at Fremantle. On Monday 15 masons were engaged to start work on the buildings, the understanding being that they were to receive 12s. per day. At dinner time yesterday, however, the men were informed by the foreman of the job that the contractor, Mr. D. Kin- naird, intendad to reduce their wage3 to 11s. per day. A meeting was held, and it was unanimously agreed by the masons not to accept the reduced rate, and they at once came out on strike. The men claim that 12s. is the ruling wage on all works in Fremantle, whereas, on the other hand, the contractor states that 10s. a day is being accepted by masons on some build- ings. Mr. Kinnaird, however, is prepared to give 11s. a day, and he anticipates being able to fill the places of the men on strike at that rate. REVISION OP MUNICIPAL ROLLS.-An open court for the revision of the voters' rolls for the Perth Municipality was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall yesterday. The morning session was pre- sided over by the Mayor (Mr. H. J. Saunders), and Cr. Molloy attended with the view to occupying the chair in the afternoon. About forty applications for the Central Ward were dealt with, most of the names of the applicants being placed on the roll. The afternoon session lapsed for want of a quorum, and the court was therefore adjourned till 7 p.m. in the evening, when on resuming the court was occupied in dealing with applications for the balance of the Central Ward and the whole of the East Ward. The court at the completion of the latter adjourned till 8 p.m. to-day. The Town Clerk desires applicants to understand that when ac objection has been made the person whose claim is objected to must appear in support of it. Firms can appoint a representative to act on their behalf. CHARGE OF MISAPPROPRIATION.- Howard Tapley Clarton appeared at the City Police Court yesterday in answer to a summons charging him with the misappropriation of £22 5s., the property of Robert McCracken. Mr. Abbott appeared for the plaintiff, the defendant conducting his own case. Before any evidence was called, the defendant asked for an adjournment of the hearing to enable him to instruct counsel, stating at the same time that he had the amount in question in his possession. The Bench consented to an adjournment, provided the defendant would deposit the amount in court. This course the defendant objected to, but offered to pay in £21. During the discussion which took place, Mr. Clarton was several times sharply spoken to by the Bench. Eventually the hearing was pro- ceeded with, and a large amount of evidence was taken. At the close of the plaintiff's case defendant again asked for an adjournment, holding to his offer to pay in £21. Eventually this was agreed to, and the case was adjourned till to-day. CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL.-A meeting of sympathisers with the movement to estab- lish a children's hospital in Perth was held in St. George's Hall yesterday after- noon, there being a representative gather- ing of citizens, including several ladies. Mr. Charles Moore occupied the chair. It was unanimously resolved on the motion of the Rev. D. I. Friedman, B.A., " that this meeting thinks it desirable that a children's hospital should be established in or near Perth." The consensus of opinion was that it would be best to support the hospital by means of voluntary contributions subsidised by the Govern- ment. A sub-committee was appointed consisting of the Very Rev. Dean Gold- smith, Rev. Father Bourke. A. W. Bray, D. Ross, M.A., and D. I. Freedman, Colonel Phillips, Messrs. E. J. Bickford, H. Hocking, C. Moore, and the honorary sec- retary (Mr. W. Watson), to make the necessary arrangements for the holding of a public meeting at an early date to further the movement. On the motion of Dean Goldsmith, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded Mr. Moore for having initi- ated the scheme of providing a children's hospital for the city. FREMANTLE POLICE COURT.-There waa another light list for Mr. J. Lilly, Acting K.M., to deal with at tin Fremantle Court yesterdav. Jame3 Wells, who had been there before, was fined 5s. or seven days' imprisonment for being drunk at Canvas Town. " Tommy* Stock, an aboriginal, who is a great source of annoyance to the public and police, wa3 sentenced to one month's imprisonment for having used obscene language and having created a disturbance outside tha Park Hotel on Monday. Three young mea named respectively Martin, Francis, and Patrick Fannon were summoned for failing to support their aged mother, Mary Fannon. The defendants saidtnat if tiieh? mother could be placed in the Home iliey were willing to support her, bnt tue.> de« clined to givo her any money, be-j,.iss she would only spend it on drink. Mr. Lill? said that he had been informed that there was no room in the Home for the old woman. He recognised that she was addicted to drink, but he looked upon this . failing as a disease, and it was incumbent on the defendants to contribute something towards the support of their mother. It was ultimately decided to adjourn the case till Friday to allow the defendants an opportunity of making some arrangement for the maintenance of the complainant. ' FREMANTLE ROADS BOARD. - At the ordinary monthly meeting of the Fre- mantle Roads Board, held last evening in the local Town-hall, it was decided to hold the annual court for revising the electoral list for the district on Tuesday, the 19th instant, at 0 p.m. It was also resolved to call a special meeting on the same date, at 7.30 p.m., for the purpose of discussing a proposal to subdivide the district into wards, and devising a scheme for the levying of rates. I.N.F.-The Hugh O'Neil Branch Ko. 263 Irish National Foresters held its first ball in the To-wn Hall, Perth, on AVednesdsy, October G. About 40 couples took part in the dancing, to the delightful strains of music by Reid's band. Tho hall was pret- tily decorated with flags. Some of the dresses worn by the ladies were exceedingly affective. Mr. C. E. Bannan acted as M.C., and the catering w^s in the hands of Mrs. Hinde, Austral Café, AVellington-street. i SALVATION ARMY.-The Salvation Army «will commence their meetings lo-night in a large marquee at the corner of Hutt and Newcastle streets. The tent was found too large io be erected on the laud in Goderich-street purchased by the organisa-. tion, and had to be removed. A special musical programme has been prepared by the corps band, und-r the leadership of the bandmaster. Major G over will be present, accompanied by a number of r^aff and visiting officers. The proceeds of the meetings will be devoted to the self denial appeal fund. LEAGUE OF THE CROSS. - The usual weekly League of the Cross concert was held last evening at St. Patrick's Hall, Fremantle. The Rev. Father O'Ryau presided. Miss Hatchett contributed "love's Serenade" and Tosti's "Good Bye," while Miss Simmons gave "Barney O'Hea," followed by " The Flight of Ages," for which they earned re-eails. Miss Thorpe and Miss Mina McKenna were also encored. Among tho gentlemen who were re-called, were Messrs. Glasson, Sharpe, and H. Joyce. Mr. Meeks rendered " Dawkin's Request " in a very creditable manner. Mr. Aberle gave an inteiesting exhibition ,of artistic club swinging. As usual the hall was full to overflowing. Mr. AV. O. Mason played the accompaniments in an artistic manner. LECTURE ON FEDERATION.-Dr. Zillmann delivered an interesting lecture last even- ing in A'eryard's Hall on tho subject of Australian federation. Ha contended that Lake Eyre was the true site for the federal capital. By a rough map he pointed out the advantageous situation of Lake Eyro, both from a military and a commercial view, and as the only effective solution for the combination of the different railway systems of the colonies. He did not think that the colonies ifere ripe yet for federa- tion. The colonial spirit and subservience to British ideas were the great obstacles. Even Australian Natives' Associations were organised for the promulgation of British ideas. Victorians were the greatest sin- ners in this respect. The colonial spirit was ramp mt there. Mr. Geo. AV Gaynor occupied the chair, and at the close pre- sented the thanks of the audience to Dr. Zillmann for his lecture. FREMANTLE MUNICIPAL REVISION-COURT. -The adjourned sitting of the Open Revision Court in connection with the Fre- mantle municipality was held last evening in the local council chamber. Cr. W. T. John presided. At the sitting of tha court on Monday evening two questions were raised as to whether tenants and occupier-î who do not pay rates directly to the council were eligible to be placed on the voters' list, and whether in the case of offices where a number of tenants occupied por- tions of one building, each occupier had the right to have his name on the roll. These points were submitted to the ceuncil'3 legal advisers, Messrs. Kidson and Gawler, and last night a reply was received in the affirmative to both of them. Out of the 250 claims sent in, it was found, on going through the roll, that 75 of the applicants had their names already on the roll. Of the 175 bono, fide claims, 148 names wera placed on the list, and 27 applications were refused. CITY POLICE COURT.-The cases dealt with by the Police Magistrate, Mr. A. S. Roe, were comparatively few yesterday. Patrick Roach alias Chas. Johnson, included the Pelice Magistrate and the police in one comprehensive curse with a strong flavour of obscenity, for which misdemeanour he was sentto gaolfor amonth. AlfredAndrew was charged with disorderly conduct, resisting arrest, and assaulting the police. He had, according to the evidence of Con- stables Bass and Hoy, " behaved more like a mad man than a sane human being." Constable Bass' uniform was torn, and both constables were kicked and otherwise knocked about. Tho Bench did not desire to be too severe with the prisoner, as it was his first appearance. Accordingly ha was sentenced to one month's imprisonment, and ordered to pay the amount of the damage dono to the constable's uniform, or to undergo an extra wook in gaol. Mrs. Norton appeared in answur to a summons by Ernest E. Lake for the unlawful deten- tion of a box containing private effects. Mr Josephs appeared for plaintiff, and Mr. Barker for the defendant. The Bench made an order for the delivery of the goods claimed to the plaintiff, both sides to pay their own costs. BUREAU OF AGRICULTURE.-Mr. A. F. Clifton, of Alverstoke, Brunswick, recently wrote to the Bureau of Agricultura de- tailing tha circumstances attending the death of ono of his cows a little while ago. Mr. Clifton pointed out that the cow, a half breed Jersey and in very good condition, calved on a Saturday morning, and on the evening of the following Tuesday she was found lying down groaning and struggling and evidently in great pain. He concluded the cow had eaten some poison, and so gave her half a bottle of oil (raw linseed), repeating the dose later on in the evening. She continued ailing, and as the oil seemed to have no effect he kept on increasing the doses, till in one day the cow swallowed four bottles of the oil. Altogether sha took over two gallons of it. Mr. H. H. Edwards, the consulting veterinary surgeon to the Bureau, has reported to that body that from Mr. Clifton's letter he concluded that the case was one of puerperal apoplexy, and as tho cow seemed to regain conscious- ness ter such an extent that she was able to sit up, it would appear that with propar treatment she would have recovered. Mr. Edwards also holds that too much oil was given, and that overdosing was sufficient c-f itself to produce the lesions met with in tho internal organs. He adds that a long article on puerperal apoplexy will shortly be published in the Handbook of the Bureau, and in which the proper treatment will be fully described. M. HENRI GILBERT.-Yesterday Henri Gilbert, the Frenchman, who has under- taken the task of walking round the world, was stated by our Albany correspondent to be in that town, having been brought in from Mr. Moir's station, midway between Albany and Esperance. As Gilbert is described as being in a destitute condition, a representative of the WEST AUSTRALIAN yesterday interviewed the French Consular representative at Fremantle (Mr. AV. F. Samson), to ascertain if any steps were being taken to assist the tourist. Mr. Samson stated that he had seen Gilbert on his way through to the south of the colony, and had already assisted him financially. Mr. Samson was under the impression that Gilbert was conducting the enterprise strictly upon his own re- sponsibility, and with the hope of ultimate reward. '. So far as his present distressed condition at Albany goes," remarked Mr. Samson, " I have not been applied to yet for either assistance or advice. The French Government does not authorise its consular representatives to spend money in amelio- rating the condition of its subjects abroad, but rather to protect them from evil con- sequences arising from their lack of know- ledge of the customs and language of the people whom they may chance to ba amongst, or to prevent them being imposed upon. I was under the impression that Gilbert would catch the French mail steamer at Albany. If not, it will take very little to keep him there for a month till he can get away ; and I do not say that I will refuse him assistance, officially or otherwise, if an application be made to INTERCOLONIAL MAIL.-A mail for the Eastern colonies, for transmission per the s.s. Marloo, will be made up at the General Post Office this afternoon at three o'clock. THE CITY AND GOLDFIELDS CHAMBERS OP-MINES.-The question of the establish- ment of a basis of working for mutual ad- vantage between the Perth and the Gold- fields Chambers of Mines was discussed at a meeting of the executive of the Perth Chamber yesterday afternoon, and _a motion to be submitted to the Coolgardie and Kalgoorlie chambers and other similar ins itutions throughout the colony was carried The motion proposes that a weekly interchange of information respecting the crushing returns he adopted ; that a list of all returns available for the month be pre- pared and issued within the first week of the following month, information to date being eschanf'd by wire between the various chaml-TS adopting the arrange- ment; that information regarding de- velopments be exchanged ; and that any resolution affect.ing the general interests of the mining industry of the calony or the local interests of the districts be for w.irded to the chambers adopting the arrangement. THE OrcNixG op PARLIAMENT. - The second session of the third Parliament of the colony will be opened at 3 o'clock this afternoon by His Excellency the Governor. The usual ceremonies and procedure will be followed. His Excellency will be escorted from Government-house by a detaclunent of mounted police, and will be received at the entrance to the Legislative Council Chamber by a guard of honour, drawn frsui the Perth companies of the First Infantrj Regiment, which will ,carry the Quesn's colours. The . Head- quarters Band will also be in attendance. The salute of nineteen guns will be fired on the Esplanade by the Perth aitillery. In the Upper House the Address-in-Reply to His Excellency's speech will bo pro- posed by Mr. George Randell, one of the members for the Metropolitan Province, and will be seconded bj' Mr. A. B. Kidson, one of the members-for the West Province. In the Lower House the address will be proposed by Mr. Lyall Hall, member for Peith, and will be seconded by Mr. J. J. Holmes, member for East Fremantle. 