.-. ? ?t-OLD BIRELAND. HEE SUCCESSFUL SPHERE. IN WHAT SHE IS FIRST. ' (Most Englishmen are under the im pression that the only thing in which Irelaind beats them is in bogs and the number. of immigrants. And,, even among Irishmen themselves, the be S'.-lief prevails that in industry and com merce they take a very back seat. .:. As a matter of fact, considering the dearth of capital, and the political u -nrest under which the Emerald Isle '"'labors, she has good reason to be proud of herself. Handicapped as Ireland is, she can boast of the largest "-shipbuilding and the largest brewery concerns in the world, of supplying half the people of these islands with linen collars, tablecloths, handker chiefs and shirts, of placing on their breakfast table the choicest bacon and butter - although -these generally masquerade as products of Wiltshire \- and Dorset-and of beating the Scotch hollow with her famous " John Jame \- :son. - There is nothing of which Fngland and Scotland are more proud of than their skill in building ships. But Sneither the Tyne, the Clyde nor the Mersey can show anything equal to the shipbuilding yards of Harland and Wolff, of Belfast. For four suc cessive years this firm held the highest place in the world as regards the -".amount of tonnage launched. Only forty years ago the factory was so ,,0small that its total of employes : amounted to less than 100 men. At present it employs 9000, which prob ably means that it is the life and sup port of some 25,000 men, women and children-the population of a good sized town. The works covers eighty acres, and include such a host of carpenters' and -joiners' shops, painters' shops, cabinet makers' shops, upholsterers' shops' boat-building sheds, drying kilns, engine: works, etc., that the visitor thinks he is in a large manufacturing town, rather than in a tingle factory. All the ships of the White Star lines were built here, including the famous Teutoiniciand Majestic. The largest vessel for commercial purposes afloat was completed at Belfast last year. She is now engaged in the cattle trade, and carries the enormous burden of 10,100 tons. Several gunboats and torpedo boats have also been built by Messrs Har land and Wolff for the navy; and cruisers and battleships have been engineered by them. And we do not hear of that accident so common in the English fleet-the breakdown of machinery-ever occur ing to those ships which have got their machinery in Belfast. Nothing in the nature of " shoddy " comes from Ire Sland, in fact. That is why the Cana dian, in his Irish frieze coat and Done gal stockings, defies the winter; while "'Balbriggan " hose-a dozen pairs of which would wear as long as the Queen's reign-are imitated by not only English, but German manu facturers; why Irish tweeds find their way all over the Continent, and why Irish Stout has a foreign export greater than the total export from Eng Sland, Scotland and Wales. Guinness's brewery hardly needs 'description. It is probably the best existing proof that all Ireland needs, to make her a great industrial nation, is a few dozen men of capital and energy. No commercial company in the world can show such a record as that of Guinness's during the past ten years. The enormous trade of this firm may be understood from the fact that their products pay half a million excise every year. Although one only out of the 13,000 British breweries, they produce one barrel in twenty of the total British brew. It takes 67,000 acres to grow the 2,500,000 bushels of barley (one-third of the whole produce of Ireland), which they use annually. They have storage for 1,000,000 bushels of malt and 20,000 S" pockets" of hops; they have nine .miles of-water mains and 150 horses; employ 450 hands to make barrels alone, 2500 hands altogether, and have a printing press that turns out 100,000,000 labels annually. And they " lick creation " in making stout. S-'Another industry in which Ireland excels is linen making. A London outfitter told the writer that every high-class linen shirt, collar, and iJaandkerchief in the London shops comes from the North of Ireland. France has a reputation for turning out a finer quality than Belfast, but the best " French " goods are really Irish, and that amusing story is true of the Belfast manufacturer's wife, who brought home some beautiful handkerchiefs from Paris, and asked her husband why he could not make goods like them. On examination he found they were part of a lot ho had recently exported ! The annual produce of linen must be worth little short of £15,000,000, and the size of the factories may be known from the fact that two of the \- chief Belfast concerns employ 9000 hands between them. -;. Paraphrasing the saying that' '" whatever is is best," we may truly say that whatever is Irish is good. ' ie Limerick and Waterford bacon has one rival-Wiltshire; and the qiiintities of the Irish article con sumed in England are the best proof of bow it is appreciated. Unfortu nately; some English provision mer. chants are, intentionally or otherwise, leagued together to derame Irish ;?rbduce; and they sell the best -Irish "jacon under the name of Wiltshire, just as they sell thousands of tons of the choicest Irish butter as Dorset and Danish, - while, to the inferior grades and, no doubt, to American products, they give the name" Irish." Why do not the Irish dairies com bine with the bacon factories, and establish shops all over London Something in the way of co-operation is being done by the Hon. Horace Plunket, I know; but if the move ment were universal we should soon have.; hsalf .the population of the British" Islands breakfasting on 3Waterford ..bacon .and. Tipperary butter; , Iunching .oft Matterson's situsages-of which two ounces are equal to a. pound of ,London bread andfait- and -dining; off Limerick lhams?.- -' " " ' - S'Therb e is-one -Irish product. which Eniglishmen certainly appreciate, evenjmndpr its own patronymic. Eng. laiiddrinks-3,000,000 gallon'of :Irish "wiasky annually. Even Scotland ad Scotohin en are opicnre in alcohol -takes 500,000 gallons from across the water.- .And this- is one of the thinge'il whiOl all lrishmo3 agree with-their English neighbors, for they piactically drink nothing but theirown distilling, getting. only 60:000 gallons altogether from Eng land and Scotland. Probably Jameson's whisky is the best distilled on the whole globe. It is the highest-priced in the market, anyhow, and commands as much as 10s a gallon in bond. The produce of this: article in Ireland, however, does not quite equal that of Scotland, chiefly because the Irishman drinks only about two-thirds as much whisky as the Scotsman. There are 27 distilleries in Ireland, which manufacture nearly 8,000,000 gallons annually. Four millions they drink at home; they send three million gallons to England, over half a million to Scotland, and about a quarter of a million direct to the Colonies and foreign countries. In the eight years past Ireland has contributed no less than £31,000,000 to the Excise. Ireland has twice as many horses as Scotland, and one-fourth of the total in the United Kingdom. Her horses are the best in the world, too, and are eagerly sought by army agents of all nations. One last product let me mention. You may go to Carrara for marble; but if you want the most beautiful green serpentine in the world, you will find it in Galway; if you want blick marble that cannot be equalled, you can get it from the shores of Lough Corrib; and nowhere will you find anything to beat the beautiful red marble of Donegal, the blue-and yellow marbles of Armagh, the purple-and-white of Cork, and the variegated marble found in Kerry, near Tralee. It is admitted that the most beau tiful stones in the "Albert Memo rial," in Hyde Park, are the four specimens of Irish granite; while the Thomas Embankment is a perpetual illustration of the excellence of Dal key (near Dublin) granite.-Answers. 