OWS OF THE WEEKV ? ---~-' ii ME. C. A. PIESSE, M.L.C.-Mr. C A.' ; Piesse, M.L.O., who was suddenly taken ill at Katanning a few days ago and whose condition became so. serious '.that 'his' brother, the Minister " of Railways, wat summoned from Perth, is rapidly re^ covering. ' COMPANIES REGISTERED.-The following companies were registered at the office «ff the Registrar of Companies, Supreme' Court, during last week:-The Wes» tern Australian Development Corporation, Limited, Temple Court, Bailey-street, Cool- ; gardie; Mundaring Vineyard Company,1 Limited, Carnarvon Chambers, William straet, Perth. . j As ARTESIAN BOBE.-At a depth of; 136ft. a good supply of -artesian water,-* of about 3,000 gallons per day, has bean' struck by Davis, Hankinson, and Co. for' the Ascot Hotel, sufficient for all require-, nients. This is situated on the Ascot ~ Estate, the property of the London and' Western Australian Investment Company,,' represented by Messrs. A. Matheson anet Co., of Perth. J _ TOWN AND SUBUBBAN LANDS FOE SALE.-*. The Commissioner of Crown Lands has caused a number of town and suburban: lots to be laid out in the townsites named i " and thrown open for sale :-In the Mount Margaret townsite the new lois number 90;' and are aU classed as town lots. Anew, townsite, styled Wilhams, and situated oa ' the Williams River, has been formed, with 40 town and 24 suburban lots for sale. In the North-east Coolgardie goldfield anew townsite, .distinguished by the name' of Gordon, has besä formed, and 65 town and \ suburban lots are for sale. In all the30-- ., townsites .certain.lots, exclusive of thóSS already mentioned, have been reserved. ' - WESTEBN MAIL.-It is the intention ó£ the proprietary to publish a special.Christ- mas number of the WESTERN MAIL. Th« number will be larger than "the usual weekly issue, and will b9. specially attrac- tive in all departments. The illustrations will be more numerous, and will be in keep- ing with the season, while the ordinary reading matter will b» supplemented by .. . tales, sketches, etc., of. special quality and' variety. It is intended that the Christmas number shall be far and away the best - Western Australian paper to send East ou to the old couutrj'. To advertisers the . Bteady and rapid increase in the circulation of the WESTEEN MAIL offers special induce- ments, and in the number to which reference is made that advantage will, of course, b» greatly enhanced. - INDUSTBIAL SCHOOL FOB THE BLIND. The Mayor of Perth (Mr. H. J. Saunders) desires to acknowledge receipt, on beh&li; of the Industrial School for the Blind, ot - ¿65 from the Horning Herald,and. a further, sum of £11 14s. lld. from Southern Cross» making a total amount received towards, the fund of ¿8383 12s. The Southern Cross , subscription list is as fellows :-A. T. Wil- son, £H15B.-, J. H. Stubbs, ¿86 3s.¡ Rev. ?'. ' Father Prendergast, £4 13s. lld.; tt. Bil? ' len, £2 1Ó3.J Mrs. G. A.Wilson, £2 63.G&.{ A. J. Pasbaut, £1 14s. 6d.; H. J. Cooper, JË1 10s.; S. Richards, J61 2s. 6d.; S. Cpi* . man, ¿61 7s. 6d.; Rev. J. .Gr. Mitchell, 17s.1 6d.; J. H. Alien, 153.; T. Stanbrook, 14s.; 6d.; W. C, Harris, 10s. 6d.; E. J. McCornish/ 10s.; li. Lisle, 4s. 6d. Total, ¿S31- 14s7' lld. GOVEBNMENT LAND SALES ON TH*. GOLDFIELDS..-On the 2nd inst, a very, successful sale of Government land took place at .Boulder township, the details of which have just b»eu rec«ived by tho-' Lands Department. Some six quarter-acre.' town lots were put up to auction, oach afc an upset price, exclusive of improvements, of ¿83!). The sale realised the sum of. £3,1S5, the highest price paid for ono these lots being ¿£675. The following are thtr details :-Lot 59, ¿£450, purchased by Mr< . Robert Wm. Hall ; lot 60, £000, Messrs. J/ and A. Wilkie and J.« O'Connell; lot 61¿ ¿6675, Messrs. J. and A. Wilkie and E.-.. Brown; lot 62,'¿8500, Mr. Alf. J. Roberts lot 63, ¿S4S0, Mr. H. E. Lasslett; lot 6*. j ¿8480, Mr. A. Withycpmbe., On the 6th' inst, lot 264, one rood iu extent, in Cool- gardie town, was offered for sale and pur- ; chased by Elizabeth Wood at the upset price of ¿640, in addition to improvements, j THE PEETH MÏNT.-Rapid progress is being made with the erection of th* Perta Mint, and the opening of the institution» may be expected to take place very early next year. Already a large quantity ot the machinery which will be required ia( connection with the coining operations ha* arrived, and the remainder, it is antici- pated, will come to hand at an early dateJj The bmlding itself will be in a completed" state in the-course of a few weeks, bun, then, of course, the machinery will have taj be got into. position. The Minister of . Public Works, Mr. F. H. Piesse, has wi reived advices" from the old country to fcha effect that Mr. Campbell, an ex-Imperial \- ktiny officer, who has been appointed; manager of the. Mint.' will leave jt»adon^ .,*-'?? . : ' ." " /./ . ?'. " dorine the present month. Mr. Campbell bas been in the Imperial Mint for some considerable time past, and has obtained a practical knowledge of the managerial work which will be required to be done in the West Australian coining establishment. Mr. Arthur Ventris, the superintendent of the Mint, has arrived in the city, and is now superintending the erection of the machinery. -FREMANTLE FIÉE BBIGADE.-A cheque for wfi5 has been forwarded to the Fre- mantle Fire Brigade by Mrs. Alice Pearse, the owner of tho building which was \- recently destroyed by the fire in Norfolk street. In a letter accompanying the öonation Mrs. Pearse expresses her thanks ,to the members of the brigade for their untiring efforts to prevent the destruction of the building. THE 'ENGLISH EAILWAT CLERKS.-Mr. Illingworth gave notice in the Legislativo Assembly on October the 13th, that he would ask the Minister of Railways on Wednesday next :-1. Whether it is true that the Railway Department have im- ported 13 or mora railway clerks from Eng- land ? 2. lt so whether there was any special reason why these positions could not be filled from the hst of applicants within the colony P MILITABY MOVEMENTS.-Captain Camp ; bell informs us that next week about a i hundred gunners will leave Perth for Albany for the purpose of being exercised on the breech-loading 6-inch guns there. While at the southern part they will be | put through their annual course of shell practice with the 9-pounders. A DERAILED TBAIN.-The Railway De- partment on Tuesday morning was supplied . with a report from the head «f its staff .at Guildford with regard to an accident which occurred to a train in the station yard at about ll o'clock on the previous night. According to the information supplied to the trahie manager the train which came to grief was laden with goods and left Midland Junction at 10.22, and it was while shunting operations were going on in the ¡Guildford Railway Yard that the train left ¡ ¡the rails. The result of the accident was ! that the traffic was blocked, but no time 'was lost in constructing a loop- line round the derailed train in order te restore the 'rail service. A departmental enquiry is being held concerning the occurrence. A BARQUE ASHOBE.-Captain Webster, Lloyd's agent at Fremantle, has received intelligence that on October 3rd, the iron barque Anna Maria Schwalbe, 646 tons, had gone on the rocks outside of Hamelin Harbour. The barque had been chartered to load timber at Hamelin for Messrs. ' Davies Bros.. The damage caused by the mishap is stated to be the ripping out of several plates, extending for a length of 40 feet along the bottom. The vessel, it is reported, is making 8ft. of water per honr. \- She is fully loaded, and fears are enter- tained for her safety. The Anna Maria Schwalbe was built at Sunderland in 1864, and is registered at Nordby. She trades x under the Danish flag. THE ASIATIC QUESTION.-Following upon the resolutions recently passed at a public sneetáng held at the Fremantle Town Hall, .having in view the restriction of the im- migration of Asiatics and the enforcement .'ot trade observances upon Asiatic dealers, .the Premier was asked by Mr. Grant .the secretary to the movement, to receive a deputation upon the matter. The Pre- mier has replied, through Mr. D. J. -Doherty, M.L.A., that he considers the suggested deputation to be unnecessary, . inasmuch as a bill has been drafted dealing with the subject, and will be submitted to Parliament at an early date. The sup- porters of the movement against Asiatics are promised copies of the bill os soon as it is printed. . THE STEAMEB WABATAH.-Some time iago, it will be remembered, a paragraph ^Jappeared in these columns concerning the ^Government steamer Waratah and . the uses to which it was being put.- It was . stated that the story existed that the boat was ordered from England without the due cognisance of the Government, and that she had been found to be practically use- less.- It was further pointed ont that when the allegation had been made she had been lying almost without intermission . for months.past in Perth Water, with her crew, of men eating then- heads off, doing no . service to themselves, or the country. ' On Monday the statements were again brought under the notice of the Minister of Public Works, Mr. F. H Piesse, and he said-to his interrogator, /'There is one part of the paragraph to which I can give a flat contradiction, and that is the part 'whichstates that the Waratah was ordered 'from England. She was purchased here, and her original work was in connection .with the sewerage scheme and tidal [observations. Then she was used for re . clamation work, and now it is intended that she .shall complete the task she was first -'engaged upon-that of carrying out the river work embraced in the sewerage scheme, and of making further tidal _ observations. When those works are com- pleted, it is most likely that the steamer -will be disposed of/ . EDUCATIONAL MATTERS.-On Monday Afternoon Councillor George had an inter view with the Minister of Education, Mr. ^Lefroy, on the subject of providing addi- tional school accommodation. It was pointed out to the.Minister that the Hannan's Saw Mills Company, which was ^ tarrying on operations at a spot about 12 miles from Pinjarrah, on the Williams iaroad^ had engaged a large number of : married men who had families, and that .3*he provision of a school for the district : ftras fully justified. It was_j!so stated by . Councillor George that the residents of the j neighborhood had undertaken to build a school and suitable quarters for a teacher 45=andjet the buildings to the Government at a, nominal rental, providing thatthe Edu- cation Department supplied a teacher and (equipped the school with all necessary educational appurtenances. While he had. the attention of Mr. Lefroy, Councillor George reminded him of the necessity of providing a school at North Dandalup, and he was assured that the matter was in proper train and that, as soon as a site for the school had been fixed opon the matter of erecting the building would be considered. BREAKDOWN or AN ENGINE.-The mail train, which should have arrived in the city from Albany at 11.25 on October the 13th, was nearly an hour-and a half late, in consequence of its engine having broken down at Bayswater. MORE NATIVE PRISONERS ESCAPE.-The Commissioner of Police (Colonel Phillips) received a telegram on October 13 from the police at Marble Bar, to the effect that three native prisoners belonging te a work- ing- gang at that place had succeeded in effecting their escape. A. MISSING CHEQUE.-We have been asked by Mr. Harry Wilson, auctioneer, of Fremantle, to caution the public against negotiating a cheque upon the National Bank of Australasia, Fremantle, number D031892, drawn by J. and W. Bateman for £82 7s. and dated 30th September, 1897, the cheque having been either lost or stolen. ELECTRIC LIGHT FOR THE RAILWAYS. Concerning the scheme which was adopted by the Public Works Department some time ago fer providing certain railway stations with electric light, the Minister of Railways, Mr. F. H. Piesse, states that the installation work is progressing satisfac- torily. The engines required for supplying the power for the dynamos are in course of erection, and at the present rate of pro- gress it may be expected that the electric light will very shortly take the place of gas at the Perth and Fremantle stations. REVISION OF MUNICIPAL ROLLS.-An open court for the revision of the voters' rolls for the Perth Municipality was held in the Council Chamber at the Town Hall on Tuesday. The morning session was pre- sided over by the Mayor (Mr. H. 3. Saunders), and Cr. Molloy attended with the view to occupying the chair in the afternoon. About forty applications for the -Central Ward were dealt with, most of the names of the applicants being placed on the roll. The afternoon session lapsed for want of a quorum, and the court was therefore adjourned till 7 p.m. in the evening, when on resuming theeourt was occupied in dealing with applications for the balance of the Central Ward and the whole of the East Ward. PERTH GAS COMPANY.-An extraordinary meeting of the shareholders of this com- pany, adjourned frem ' April, was held on Monday in the committee-room at the Town Halt to consider the proposals made by Mr. Z. Lane for the purchase of the com- pany's properties, etc. The chair was occupied by Mr. W. Strickland, who in- formed the shareholders present that matters remained just as at the last meet- ing, as it had been found impossible to get an amendment act passed to enable the compaay to assign its property, as Parlia- ment had had too short a session in the interim to deal with the matter. However, he was informed by the-company's solicitor that it would be possible to get the bill' passed during the coming session. Mr. W. T. Loton then moved and Mr. S. J. Rowe seconded that the meeting stand adjourned till the 10th November next. The motion was agreed to and the business of the meeting then closed. TRESPASSING PUBLIC WORKS OFFICERS. Government surveyors and their assistants some time ago received instructions net to trespass, erect their tents, or cut timber on private property without permission from the owners, and, according to a paragraph which subsequently appeared in this paper, the order was disregarded. A complaint was received by the Public Works Depart- ment that a number of surveyors -who were engaged on work in connection with the drainage and sewerage proposals had fixed their camps on private ground near Rocky Bay. Mr. Sept. Burt, the Attorney General, te whom the land belonged/ was promised that the offending surveyors should be ordered off the land, but they continued to remain there, and a writ was issued with the view of terminating what the Attorney-General considered _was a nuisance. The surveyors, we are informed by the Public Works Department, have now removed -their camps from Mr. Burt's property, and the writ has been withdrawn. CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL.-A meeting of sympathisers with the movement to estab- lish a children's hospital in Perth was held in St. George's Hall on Tuesday after- noon, there being a representative gather- ing of citizens, including several ladies. Mr. Charles Moore occupied the chair. It was unanimously resolved on the motion of the Rev. D. I. Freedman, B.A., " that this meeting thinks it desirable that a children's hospital should be established in or near Perth." The consensus of opinion was that it would be best to support the hospital by means of voluntary contributions subsidised by the Govern- ment. A sub-committee - was appointed, consisting of the Very Rev. Dean Gold- smith, Revs. Father Bourke, A. W. Bray, D. Ross, M.A., and D. I. Freedman, Colonel Phillips, MesBrs. E. J. Bickford, H Hocking, C. Moore, and the honorary sec- retary (Mr. W Watson), to make the necessary arrangements for the holding of a public meeting at an early date to further the movement. On the motion of Dean Goldsmith, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded Mr Moore for having initi- ated the scheme of providing a children's hospital for the city. THE CROPS.-The Commissioner of Crown Lands, Mr. Geo. Throssell, has decided to send a departmental reporter next week to make a tour of some of the agricultural centres, the object being to ascertain what is being done by the farming community in each district, and to get a faithful re- port as to the prospects of the graüvcrops. Mr. Throssell also intends that this official shall warn the farmers generally against the cutting of too large a quantity of their corn for hay ; for if that is done the Com- missioner thinks that there will be a superabundance of chaff, and a scarcity of wheat. The official will begin his work at Beverley, and travel through the Avoa Valley, and then^down the Great Southern Line. He will afterwards-if time per- mite-report on the new areas which have been rwianflw thrown open for selection. IMPORTATION OF TREES, PLANTS, AND FRUIT.-The following returns show the importation of trees, plants, and fruits into the colony during the quarter ended 30th September last :-Fruits : Consignments inspected, 274 ; number of cases, 14,341 ; cases passed, 14,306 ; cases prohibited, 35 ; cases dipped, 14,303. Fruit treeB and plants : Consignments inspected, 183 ¡ number of plants, 170,322 ; plants passed, 170,314; plants prohibited, 8; plants dipped, 18,373. TENDERS FOR GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS, \- At the Public Works Department, on Tuesday, tenders were opened in connec- tion with the work of erecting a school and quarters at Black Flag, and that of Messrs. Neilson and Hassell was found to be the lowest. The prices submitted for carrying out the work of boring for water and coal near Dongarra were also dealt with, and Mr. J. McDowell's was the lowest. For a twelve months' lease of the Condon goods shed, the highest price offered was that of Mr. J. F. Tiffany. THE BENDHU NATIVES CASE.-The case of alleged gross cruelty to natives at Bendhu station, near Marble Bar, will be introduced to Parliament on Wednesday next, on which date Mr. Illingworth will ask the Attorney-General the following questions :-" (1) The name of the Magis- trate or Justices of the Peace forming the court at the trial for manslaughter of Edwin Anderson and Ernest William Anderson at Marble Bar on or about October 1. (2) The sentence awarded in each case." LABOUR TROUBLES AT FREMANTLE.- The strike amongst the masons working on the new markets at Fremantle terminated on Wednesday in a manner satisfactory to the men. The masons .struck work on Tues- day on an intimation being received from the contractor, Mr. D. Kinnaird, that he intended reducing their wages from 12s. to 11s. per day. On Wednesday, however, Mr. Kinnaird agreed to. continue paying the higher rate, and the men resumed work. On the same job the labourers made a demand for an increase of ls. per day . in their wages. The men, about twelve in number, are in receipt of 8s. per day, and they claim to be entitled to 9s. The contracter refused their request, and the men ceased work. LECTURE ON FEDERATION.-Dr. Zillmann delivered an interesting lecture on Tues- day in Veryard's Hall on the subject of Australian federation He contended that , Lake Eyre was the true site for the federal capital. By a rough map he pointed out the advantageous situation of Lake Eyre, both from a military and a commercial view, and as the only effective solution for the combination of the different railway systems of the colonies. He did not think that the colonies were ripe yet for federa- tion. The colonial spirit and subservience to British ideas were the great obstacles. Even Australian Natives' Associations were organised for the promulgation of British ideas. Victorians were the greatest sin- ners in this respect. The colonial spirit was rampant there. Mr. Geo. W. Gaynor occupied the chair, and at the close pre- sented the thanks of the audience to Dr. Zillmann for his lecture. WILD FLOWEB SHOW.-At a general meeting of the organisers of the wild flower show held at the deanery on the 8th inst., the hon. treasurer (Mr. Muir) presented the balance-sheet. The gross receipts were shown to be ¿£306 3s. 7d. and the expenditure ¿6103 8s. 8d., leaving a balance of ¿6202 3s. 7d. The takings at the different stalls were-Mrs. Phillips, refreshment stall, ¿S62 Os. 3d.; Mrs. J. C. Strickland, ¿626; Mrs. Muir and Mrs. Willis, ¿623 11s. 7d.; Mrs. Goldsmith, ¿61S 3s. lld.; and Mrs. Hassall, ¿£9 14s. lld. The committee desire to thank all those ladies who so kindly assisted in making the show a success. The two charities which will be^benefited are the Home of the Good Shepherd and the Girls' Orphanage, Ade- laide-terrace. OFFICIAL DINNER AT GOVERNMENT HOUBE.-His Excellency the Governor gave an official dinner at Government House on Wednesday to mark the occasion of the opening of Parliament ' In addition to His Excellency and the members of the Vice-Regal staff, there were present-The Speaker, Sir James Lee-Steere; the Premier, Sir John Forrest; the Attorney General, Mr. Sept Burt ; the Minister of Mines, Mr. E. H. Wittenoom ; the Minister for Railways, Mr. F. H. Piesse ; the Com- missioner of Crown Lands, Mr. George Throssell ; the Minister for Education, Mr. ; H. B. Lefroy ; the Chief Justice, Sir Alexander Onslow; Mr. Justice Stone; the Commandant of the local forces, Colonel Wilson ; and the officer command- ing the guard of honour at the opening of Parliament, Major Strickland. The Presi- dent of the Legislative Council, Sir George Shenton, and Mr. Justice Hensman, who also received invitations from His Excel- lency, were unable to be present. OPEBATIVE BAKERS' UNION.-A general meeting «f the Operative Bakers' Union was held last Saturday etening at the Great Western Hotel, and was well attended. Mr. F. Yuille presided. The quarterly balance-sheet, showing a satis- factory -addition to the funds, was sub- mitted and adopted. Five new members were enrolled. It was decided to request the employers of union labour to grant a holiday on October 21, and arrange that bread be delivered the previous day. It was resolved that two guineas be awarded for the best decorated turn-out from union employers' establishments, invited by the Eight Hours Demonstration Committee to take part in the procession. Messrs. W. Martin and G. Yuille were appointed to judge and award the prize. Mr. F. A, Yuille was elected marshal. Delegates re- ported progress at the Eight Hours Com- mittee and Trades and Labour Council meetings. The Procession Committee, with the object of making this year's display most successful, have consulted Mr. E. G. Ovey, who had charge of the recent Jubilee decorations . of the Cathedral, Railway Station, etc.. and the nroarresa ranort was adopted. It was also decided that the members should assemble at the Great Western Hotel previous to the procession. The secretary was instructed to have the list of 'union employers printed and dis- tributed to the pu blic on Eight Hoiu-s Day. Several employers wrote consenting to the amended rules. SUDDEN DEATH OF CAPTAIN SCOTT. Captain. Scotk who was for some time attached to the Geraldton Rifle Volunteers, was found dead in his room at Briggs' Court Hotel, Beaufort-street on Wed- nesday night. During the evening a telegram came for Captain Scott, and was taken up to his room by one of the atten- dants at the hotel. As he was appa- rently asleep he was not disturbed, but as he did not put in au appearance at dinner it was resolved to arouse him, when it was found that he was dead. Dr. Mcwilliams was immediately summoned, and he pronounced that death was due to syncope. During the day Capt. Scott had been in his usual state of health. He was about 60 years of age, and came to the colony several years ago from South Australia, where he was connected with the volunteer movement. His son, Corporal Scott, was a member 'of the West Australian contingent which visited London in connection with the Royal Jubilee. Captain Scott was widely known and respected by all acquainted with him. Os being in- formed of the Captain's death, Colonel Wilson, the Commandant expressed profound regret at the sad event. In Masonic circles Captain Scott was well known. The body was conveyed from the Court Hotel to the residence of Captain Campbell, staff-adjutant, who was an in- timate friend of the deceased. THE S.S. KALGOORLIE.-At the invita- tion of Mr. D. Fullarton, the Fremantle agent of Messrs. Mcilwraith, McEacharn and Co. proprietary, nearly 400 ladies and gentleman assembled on board the fine steamer Kalgoorlie, at Fremantle Pier, on the 13th, at noon. An excellent luncheon .as provided on board. After the luncheon had been partaken of, the steamer started on a cruise round the port. The day was beautifully fine, and even the most sensi- tive among the lady visitors were net visited by qualms of mal de mer. On the return trip occasion was taken to recognise the courtesy of the company and its enterprise by a social gathering in the saloon, when the toast of success to the owners of the steamer was honoured. The Kalgoorlie is the latest addition, to the fleet of the Mcilwraith, McEacharn pro- prietary. Her maiden trip to Fremantle was completed on the 19th of July last. Prior to leaving London on June 1, she was fitted up specially for the service between Westert Australia and the Eastern colonies at a cost of ¿810,003. Accommoda- tion is provided for 120 saloon and 350 second-class passengers. The Kalgoorlie is under the command of Captain H. McDonald, who has with him as deck officers Messrs. D. Scott, H. Flagett, and R. Muir, and J. T. Moore as chief engineer. ACCIDENT TO MR. M. H. JACOBY.-With reference to the serious accident that happened to Mr. M. H. Jacoby, the well known owner of the Mundaring estate, on Monday last, it appears that blasting opera- tions were being carried on in the vineyard. A charge of dynamite had been laid, and a fairly long fuse was attached and ignited. Mr. Jacoby and those who were assisting him took refuge in a shed attached to the wine cellars. As the fuse ap- peared to bum rather slowly, Mr. Jacoby put bis head out from the shelter of the shed-which it should be stated was a reasonable distance from the charge-to see hew the match was pro- ceeding. Just at that instant the dynamite exploded and a piece of wood which was thrown up by it struck Mr. Jacoby full in the face. His right eye was destroyed and his nose broken, and the skull was also slightly fractured. The mishap.occurred at 3 o'clock *in the afternoon, and Dr. Elgee of Midland Junction and Dr. j Stewart, of G-uildford, were summoned. In | the evening the sufferer was conveyed to : the Guildford Hospital, and on Tuesday afternoon Dr. Elgee, assisted by Drs. Kelsall and Stewart, successfully operated upon him, removing the injured eye. Mr. Jacoby is doing as well as can be expected. He bore the pain of his injuries with forti- tude, being conscious the whole time. As statements have been made that the un- fortunate occurrence was due to careless- ness, Mr. Jacoby desires it te be stated that the mishap was purely accidental. GAOLS AND PRISONS.-The report for the year 1896 of the Inspector of Prisons, Mr. James B. Roe, has bean laid before Parlia- ment. It shows that with the colony's increase of population there is a correspond- ing increase of law- breakei-s. During last year there were 2,104 commitments (1,948 males and 156 females), as against 1,631 for 1895, the increase thus being 473, or 29 03 per cent. The most noticeable increase was at Albany gaol, where the commitments for 1696 were more than double those for 1895, last year's figures being 133, as against 64. Fremantle gaol, of course, headed the list with 1,206 commitments for 1896, as compared with 915 for the previous j 12 months. The number of convicts under- ] going penal servitude in the colony en i December 31st last was 119, being six more than there wera on the same day in 1895. The aggregate expenditure of all the gaols in Western Australia was ¿822,103 12s. Sd. in 1896, whilst in 1895 it was ¿81S;220 17s. lld. If the cost of rationing prisoners in charge of the police (.£3,298 Os. lOd.) be subtracted from the gaol expenditure, then the average annual cost of each inmate of the different gaols is found to be ¿837 17s. ld., as against ¿833 3s. 2d. The^increase is attributable to the higher contract rates for provisions. The estimated value of the work performed by male prisoners during last year was ¿89,979. The sanitary condi- tion of all the gaols, except that of Wynd- ham, was good THE COLONT'B POOR.-In both Houses of Parliament on Wednesday the report of the Acting Superintent of Relief (Mr. Sydney Watson) fer the Tear ended December 31st last was laid before members. On January 1st, 1896, there were 194 persons in the Mount Eliza Poor House, as compared with 186 on the same date of tba previous year. During 1895 283 persons were admitted, whilst 287 died or were discharged, leaving 190 in on December 31st last, of whom. 16S were expirées. The institution was generally full throughout the twelve months. With regard to the Perth Poor House for females, there were 51 persons, adults and children, within its walls on January 1, 1896, a similar number being in the institution on the first day of the im- mediately preceding year. At the end of 1896 the inmates in* this house numbered 56\. The total number of persons in receipt of temporary outdoor relief throughout the colony last year was 4,713 as compared with 5,014 for the former twelve months, whilst the children in the orphaniges numbered 211 last year and 179 in 1895. The amount expended in poor relief in 1S96 was ¿314,322 and in 1895 ¿S12.50S, the chief cause of the increased expenditure being ascribed to the prices of bread, meat, and milk having been so much higher than in previous years. The Acting Superintendent added that the new maternity ward at the Female Home in Goderich-street had been largely availed of by maternity cases, principally consisting of married women whose husbands were i away or were unable to support them. 