OLD AGE PENSIONS. EVIDENCE BEFORE THE COM- MISSION. DRINK AND ITS RELATION TO POVERTY. The royal commission on Old Age Pensions sat yesterday at the Premier's office to take evidence. There were present Mr. Kirton, M.L.A. (president), Messrs. Outtrim, Beazley, McLellan and Gray, M's.L.A., Sir Henry Wrixon, Messrs. Godfrey, Embling and Stern- berg, M's.L.C., J. Praed (secretary A.M.A.), J. Vallins (Ballarat city valuer) and J.H. Taylor (secretary M.U.I.O.O.F.). A.E. Laver, secretary and superintendent of the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum, was the first witness. Witness said there were 435 male and 239 female inmates in the institution. He could not give as that stage their average ages. The majority were over 65 years of age. He described the methods of accepting appli- cations and guarding against imposition. A very large proportion of the inmates had been brought to their present position by drink, and some by improvidence. Some really deserving people, victims of unavoidable misfortune, were received; but these formed a small proportion — not more than one-fourth. Inquiries were always made as to whether the relatives could support them. He could not say whether there would be any advantage in allowing relatives a certain sum to maintain them for as a rule relatives objected to having them about, and were glad to pass them over to the institution. The institution usually declined to afford relief to persons very much addicted to liquor. He did not know what became of that class, but supposed they went to swell the ranks of those who were charged with having no "visible mean of support." The Chairman : Of which there are about 3000 before tbe courts every year. Witness, continuing, said the cost of main- tenance last year was £11 19s. 4d. per head. A number of them left of their own accord. He had not considered the old age pension question deeply, but thought it should be made compul- sory for every one earning wages to put or a certain proportion, say, into the Government Treasury, so that when they reached 65 years of age they would have a pension for tbe rest of their lives. He would have it made compulsory, and not have pensions granted by the Govern- ment , as, in his opinion, it would cause more pauperism. Sir Henry Wrixon: Supposing tbe State offered large inducements to working men to insure, do you think they would do so? — I feel sure, from my earlier experience as an agent for the National Mutusl Life Association, that they would. Many people would be sur- prised to learn the large number that do. A very large proportion of the working men in Castlemaine, where I resided for some years, used to insure ; the average amount of insur- ance was about £150. Witness, continuing, said he did not think the boarding out system would be satisfactory, as it could not be conducted as cheaply as in the asylums, especially with regard to medical attendance. A greater proportion— probably about three-fourths of tbe inmates of the institution at the present time — would be unable to make a proper use of a pension if they received it on account of their enslave- ment to drink. Many of them required to be constantly watched. To Mr. McLellan: Numbers of the inmates of the benevolent asylums had relatives in good circumstances able to support them if they were compelled to. To Mr. Outtrim: Many of the inmates were so filthy in their habits and difficult to manage that he doubted whether their relatives would, even with a maintenance grant, agree to accept the care of them. Witness, replying to other questions, said that relatives of some of the inmates con- tributed towards their support in the institu- tion. All those who were capable of working had to do a certain amount of work in the institution. If such institutions were located in the country with, say, 2000 or 2000 acres of land to work on, they could be made self supporting to a large degree. That would be a better system of maintaining these institutions, and it was worthy the consideration of the commission. Last year the income of the Melbourne Benevo- lent Asylum was £8783, and the administration, salaries, &c.;, £2663. He would reply at a later stage as to what proportion of the revenue the working classes contributed to the funds, and also what proportion of the working classes made contributions. David Fraser, secretary of the Charity Organisation Society, stated that since the in- ception of the society, about 10 years ago, some 9000 distinct cases had been inquired into by it. Applicants were asked certain questions, their replies were tested, and the causes which had led to the destitution were investigated as far as possible and carefully recorded. Roughly speaking, they were able to class one applicant in three as satisfactory. The number of cases of absolute imposition was about 5 percent. The proportion of aged poor to the total num- ber of applicants was about 15 per cent., and, though no separate classification had been made in regard to these applicants, be considered the percentage of "satis- factory " cases would be about the same as in the general cases, viz., one-third. For the year ending 30th June, 1896, the society investigated 1118 applications, of which 118 were found not to be in distress ; 76 cases were not verified and 924 cases were more or less known. Sickness, deaths, insanity and old age accounted for the distress in about 224 cases, drunkenness and other forms of miscon- duct in about 350 and want of employment in 350\. Possibly only about one-fourth or one- third of the cases at present dealt with by the benevolent asylums would be affected by the establishment of an annuity system, unless it were intended to indiscriminately pension off, as the remainder would be undeserving. Strenuous efforts ought to be made to compel sons and daughters — able-bodied males and femalea — to support their parents when they were in a position io do so. Witness was in favor of the establishment of the cottage svstem in Melbourne. It would afford an opportunity of dealing with the better class of cases — an opportunity which was almost lacking at present. They ought not to be satisfied with providing only miserable surroundings for the poor. After ascertaining the circumstances it could readily be de- cided whether the applicant were fitted for cottage relief, for an asylum, or for an insti- tution such as the English poor house. The chief causes of poverty were drunkenness and improvidence. About one-third of those forced to apply had done their test to maintain them- selves. Witness could not express an opinion on the old age pension schemes, but he believed there was room for better organisation of the existing societies, and a better alloca- tion of the grants so as to bring the institutions more in touch with one another. There was a class of deserving poor who suffered but would not apply to any institutions, and this class was practically unknown to the societies. The cot- tage system would in many cases reach this class. William Wright, secretary of the Old Colonists' Association, described the organisa- tion of tbe institution. The people in the homes were really of the class that was eligible for old age pensions. Tbe association received about eight deserving applicants for each vacancy that arose in the homes. A very large number of deserving aged poor did not fulfil the conditions of the association as to length of residence in the colony. He would not like to hazard an opinion as to how many of the aged poor were worthy of pensions, for they would have to take into consideration inmates in the Benevo- lent Asylum, the Immigrants' Home and like institutions. The average age of inmates of the Old Colonists' Homes was about 70 years. Wit- ness was in favor of a scheme of compulsory in- surance under Government control, which would be gradual in its operation. In time the necessity for several charitable institutions com- peting against each other would die out. A new Government department would have to be created, as no other body could reach people in the remote parts of the colony. The Rev. A. R. Edgar said that during the last 10 weeks the Central Methodist Mission had shel- tered 114 people over 55 years of age. The greater proportion were kept perhaps for two or three weeks till they could be taken into some institu- tion or home. A great many over 60 years got meals every day, but did not stay in the shelter every night. From 15 to 20 aged women received meals every day. There was a great amount of old age indigence. The cases of misfortune were the most nume- rous, but he regretted to say that drink was at the bottom of a very large number of the cases of indigence. The majority of those dealt with at the Shelter were deserving. In the majority of instances in which applicants were rejected the cause was drink, the assumption being that a man who could get drunk could get a bed. Amongst the cases of misfortune he included clerks and others who had been thrifty until they were deprived, of employment owing to depression in trade. Then they had lived on their savings as long as the money lasted. They were unable to work against the trained navvy at Government works, and there was no work provided for their class. They consequently sank lower and lower until they became abso- lutely helpless. That class was very numerous. The simplest way of dealing with the poor was by a poor tax and pensions. He hoped they would not copy the English workhouse system. He was opposed to indiscriminate pensioning. The principle of compulsory insurance was very good, but it was a question whether it would be found practicable. He was acquainted with the Danish, German, French and Italian systems. He believed the Danish system was the only one which solved the difficulty of discern- ing between the deserving and undeserving. Deserving cases got a pension, the undeserving were put into a workhouse or some such institu-- tion. To check imposture he would have a committee of advice, say in each municipality, to investigate the cases. It would be a mistake to pension every one after a certain age without limitation. If every person knew that he would be provided for in his old age it would lead to more excess than occurred at present. He believed that if something could be done to encourage the thrift of the people and to encourage them to make provision for old age, the difficulty would be solved. Witness read particulars of a number of cases of dis- tress amongst the aged, many of whom had died in gaol because they had no other place to go to, and were yet known by the officials to be thoroughly respectable people. Mr. Taylor: There are not, then, sufficient institutions to deal with all these indigent poor? — No ; that is the trouble. To Mr. Vallins : Some old people who applied to him for relief had wealthy relatives who would not provide for them. He had a case some time ago of an old man 89 years of age, who had three wealthy sons who refused to subscribe because he had offended them some years before by marrying a second time. Many, on the other hand, did their utmost to support their parents, and keep them out of the charit- able institutions. The commission then adjourned. 