I /latest Telegrams. ? * — [Peb Coubieb and Pbess Aqenox Sebvices.] LONDON January 13. The Hon. T. Brassey, son of the Governor of Victoria, will read a paper before the Colonial, Institute on ' Studies in Australia in 1896.' The election of a member of the House of Commons for the Cleveland division of Yorkshire, resulted in the \ return of Mr, Alfred Pease. Liberal, \ by a majority of 1428 over the Conser '?, vative candidate. It is proposed in New York to hold an international celebration in honor of the conclusion of the Arbitration treaty between Great Britain and America. A canvass of the Uuited States Senate ^f »hows that forty-two members are in ? favour of the Anglo-American Arbitra , tion Treaty, twenty-nine desire some alteration in in, and eighteen are op posed to its ratification. The opinions expressed by the Continental Press are generally favourable to the treaty: A London paper states that Mr. Olney has informed ' the Bussian Ambassador at Washington that if the Arbitration- Treaty is ratified Great Britain will become an ally with America in enforcing the Monroe doctrine. Seventeen Belgian sergeants who belonged to a Socialist club and had pledged themselves to refuse active service have been suspended. Mr. Waldorf Astor, the American, millionaire, and proprietor of the 'Pall Mall Gazette,' -has become a naturalised British subject. The Embassies at Constantinople have learned that anarchy prevails in six of the North-eastern provinces of Asia Minor. A strongly-worded revolutionary manifesto has been issued by the Young Turkey party. The Indian' immigrants whose ar rival caused such a strong agitation in Natal have now been landed. There was a strong hostile demonstration. The Government have promised to summon Parliament specially to deal with the question. Dr. Jayne, the Anglican Bishop of Chester, has written a letter to Cardinal Vaughan, Archbishop of Westminster, in which he suggests that those who wish to obtain justice for the voluntary schools should look to the Lbieral party rather than to the Tories. Cardinal Vaughan, in reply, states that if the present Government fail to recognise the present injustice and inequality with regard to the denominational schools, it will be necessary to seek another political combination. Later. The Bishop of Saint David's [Dr. Basil Jones] died to-day Ebor won the Castle Steeplechase. The plague has appeared at Poonah. The Sultan consents to a joint European- Turkish commission to con trol the Budget and the expendi ture. Danish officers exploring the Pam irs, discovered a tribe of pigmies who are sun- worshippers. Daimio has been entered for the Lancashire handicap steeplechase. January 15. Mr. Smalley (Times New York cor respondeut) writes that a section of the Jingo Senators see a chance of revenge over Mr. Olney's attitude to wards Cuba, by preventing the ratific ation of the Arbitration Treaty for which a two-ihirds majority is re quired. The Bagdad Times says the Sultan is attempting to exile, members of the young Turkish party and inflame Turkish discontent. The Transvaal Executive have promised Mr. Barnato to assist in the matter of labor supply, augment the water supply, and reduce the cost of dynamite on the Rand. The Duke of Devonshire says the Government propose to constitute local bodies to control secondary education with a central council. The Porte has accepted the Europ ean scheme regarding Cretan gen darmes.. Bombay reports that the population is half depleted and commerce is paralized owing to the plague. The Moslem cemetries are overcrowded. Ernest Toy, the boy violinist, son of Mr. Toy, of Charters Towers, who has been finishing his musical education in Europe, has passed the examina tions, and been appointed a licen tiate of the Eoyal Academy of Music 