CURRENT NEWS THE supplement issued with todays Chronicle contains the following : con- clusion of the story, " Two Old Figures by Ada Cambridge; The House di; Great Echoes; Things Worth Knowing Ringbarking; Poultry in the Orchard and Vineyard ; Fitting up a Fruit House; Shoeing Horses; Dairy Hints A Real Hero; Woman's World; Stray Thoughts ; A Briton's Luggage; Health Hints ; Her Beautiful Diamonds ; Only an Unknown Man, and miscellaneous reading matter of au instructive and amusing description. Mr. J. Scott, who has for a number years filled the position of head teacher at the Darlington State School, has been transferred to Woorndoo. OWING to the usual quarterly meeting of the Camnperdown branch of the I.O.O.F., falling on Jubilee Day, the date has been changed to Monday, 21st inst., when the half-yearly election of officers will take place. At the last quarterly meeting resolution woe passed that in future all fines for non-.attendance should be en- forced, and this will apply to next meeting. Mm. Patrick Ball, aged 24, an official of the National Bank at Coolgardie, has died there of fever. Deceased went to the west, from Teraug, and was a native of the Goulburn Valley ; his parents reside at Nathalia. A FEUD seems to be growing up between the engineers of the Victorian Railway Department and the Parliamentary Rail- way Standing Committee, over the ques- tion of narrow gauge lines. The Com- mittee think the engineers are deliber- ately overestimating the cost of narrow lines, while the engineers think that un- fair pressure is being brought to bear on them, to construct line to suit politics rather than commercial interests. The fact is (says "Table Talk ") both parties are sincerely honest, but they are at from different premises. The engineers regard narrow gauge lines as make shift which must ultimately be replaced by the standard gauge. The committee cons- iders them as a permanent intermediary to carry traffic too large for road but too small for heavy railways. THREE school cases occupied the atten. tion of Messrs. Thornton and M Crae, j's.P., at the Court of Petty Sessions, Camperdown, on Thursday. The first defeudant was Caroline Bayne, who was charged with negleating to send Samuel Bayne to school for 40 days during the quarter ending 31st March. Senior-Con, stable Smith, prosecuting officer, gave evidence that the boy had only attended four days in the quarter for wnieh his mother was sumtmned, and only 14} days the previous quarter. The defendant stated that the child suffered front asthma, and she could not send him to school. Mr. Thornton pointed out that she should have produced a doctor's certificate, as otherwise she had to be fined. A fine of 2s id was inflicted, and she was advised, if summoned again, to get a doctor's certificate. Richard Potter did not appear. but Mrs. Potter answered when the case was called on. Senior-Constable Smith stated that the defendant's son, who was 12 years and 7 months old, had not attended school at all the last quarter, and only 61 days the previous quarter. De fendant had been fined before for not sending the boy to school. Mrs. Potter pleaded that he had been kept home to go I with the milk cart. Mr. Thonrton pointed rut that it was to her interest to have the b eucated. but the mother said that the b,y would not go to school, and further urged that he was over the school age. ' fine, of 10( was imposed. William Bayne was ,larged with not sending his son Richard I t., 'c~ , the number of days required by 1 ?. Act. The defendant explained that the bhy, who was 9 years of age, was not snrog. In giving the- decisiar f the Bench. MIr Thornton said it was a pity they had to fine parents because they oru' ncot Pend delicate children 23 miles to choiL A fine of 2e 6d was inflicted, but delrndant was advised to get a doctor's c. r:ticate that the boy was physically un fit : t.r.? cl the distance in order to attend sc?h. 1 ... tt,,." e' ! been received by Mr. c po:. i: ster at Camiperdown, t ii L. A'exander, telegraph opera- s \-- i?rtn transferted to the hea'd aii ia Me!burne. a i :1 ti was an excellent attendance at .e ... ty night's lteeting of- the \- te?: a Fellowship Society. 28 i, r, lribg present. A large number s :"ri : acrre also present the :ajrity of nI ., were mnienhers of the Wesleyan Bit., tss. The Rev. W. Thomson in we!coo:nng the visitors said that although d th" tv-, different s?cieties that had met d t,"ether had diiTerent namue:; their great r object Va' the same,the s:udly ,of the Bible. t The Re,. H. J. Hat suitably responded. , referri:cg to the spirit ,of unity shownu b which %hiuld be encouraged Otne new meanler as; elected. A paper on the ani-ject "" Paul's advice to Timothy," was c read by Mfr. James Collie. The visitora toik part in the interesting discussias that t] full.wed the paper. A PECtLuZa death occurred at Wilcannia b on Saturday. Jas. Johustone,'a teamnater, cl was administering medicine to a bullock C suffering from pleura, when the beast h' coughed in his face. Johustone felt some- T thing lodge in his throat, and the next at day he felt languid and tired, and for the T following six weeks he continued to get ol worse. On medical advice being taken he tr was fouud to be suffering from pleura, to ft which he finally succumbed. ci ST. Euoch's E-tate, Stockyard Hill, the property of Mr. E. H. Austin, M.L.A., b3 has been sold to Mr. Alex. Bain, farmer, n of Stockyard Hill. The estate consists of about 2500 acres, and the price was over £5 per acre. Mr. Austin resigned his i seat in the Ripon Shire Council on Mon day, owing to the disposal of his pro- ti party. IT is proposed to form a Gymnastic Club Ia in Camperdown during the winter months. t1 The complete gymnasium in connection of with St. Paul's Church of England Parish F Hall will be used for practices should ge sufficient interest be displayed to warrant vi forming a club, and the services of a ai -apable instructor from Warrnambhool will , be secured. The expense has been cal- C eulated, and should a fair number of tl members come forward the necessary fee A will be very small. The splendid facilities D such an institution would provide for T physical training will doubtless be readily tI availed of, and all willing to join the club al are desired to attend at the Parish Hall as 01 B p.m. on Thursday next for the purpose re )f discussing the details. tl Tax amount paid by the Glenormiston m butter factory company for milk supplied P airing the month of May was £1401 4a is d. The suppliers were paid at the rate at f Is 2d per lb for butter, or equal to at 5.741 per gallon for milk.' The quantity if milk received for the m',nth of May 4 Wa 49,837 gallons; quantity of butter C made, 24,3361bs; average lbs of milk to masks lb of butter. 20.47; highest price C paid per gallon, 8.34d. The price paid , ir the corresponding month lastyear was I0id per lb, or equal to 5d per gallon. i TaE honorary secretary of the Camper- ] doin Ladiea Charitable Fund desires to , aoktowledge the receipt of £2 2. from s •r. James Dawson and £1 from Miss d Taylor, of Rennyhill. With the excep- q ti, ,f otnes donation of 10s previously r acknuowledged these are the only subscrip- a non, received this year towards the fund. p This is the period of the year when the C resources of the committee are taxed to tl the u'moat, and further donations would d therefore be very acceptable. i RCHaER more than fifty years ago the S ship Glen Huntly, Captain Ormond, on c arrivral at this porn(writes a correspondent) h was ordered into quarantine off the Red g Blaff, St. Kilda, now known as Point Ormonod. Several deaths occurred whilst c the ship was at anchor, and the bdiesa were buried at the Bluff, sonme distance in shore. The remorseless tooth of time has, I houerer, eaten the point of rock and clay d away, so that now one of the graves is only Just four feet from the edge of the Bluff. so time should be lost in removing the remains of these immigrants to the St. Kilda or Brighton cemetery, as the graves must soon be destroyed. It may be worthy to note that Captain Ormond was the father of the late Mr. Francis Ormond, 1 M.L.C., whose name will be held in lasting remenbrance for his many benefactions, especially in connection with the Working Man's College, whilst the name of his good ship is perpetuated in Glen Huntly road. Ma. D. Diffey, of Tarrawingee, who has cept a careful record of his profits in cotn nection with dairying, shows that he has received the sumn of £142 14s from 25 cows during nine months, the milk being sup plied to the Milawa Dairy Company. In addition to this, 15 calves, valued at £7 10s, were reared, and pigs fed on skim milk realised £6. The total receipts were, therefore, £156 4s 9d. The cows were grazed in fairly-grassed paddocks, and received in addition during the nune montths two acres of green oats and one acre of green maize. Abs action of a rather unusual character came before Judge Hamilton in the Mel bourne County Court on Thursday. The plaintiff was a farm labourer named Edward Henry Imms. who sought to re cover from his father, William Geo Inmms, a Truganina farmer, £312, representing sir years' wages at the rate of £1 per week. The evidence went to show that plaintiff had lived at one time with his father on the farm, but as the latter would not allow him wages he left. His father subsequently agreed to allow him £1 per week for his labour, but never carried out his promise. In May of this year the father sold his farm for £4800, and the son now claimed the amount due. Defen dant was unrepresented in court, and His ~onor gave a verdict for the fall amouat w"eh oset. T?E first meet of the Terang and Dies trict Hunt Club for this season, which took place on Thursday afternoon, was a splendid success, and till tend to stimu late the interest in the club. The run covered nearly 7 miles, and was witnessed by an assemblage of about 300 people. Those who took part in the :un were Mfesrrs. C. 13. Palmer on Actress, E. 31'Arthur(Master) on a Wellington mare, A. Staughton (Huutsman) on Red Hill, Leslie M'Arthur (Whip) on Bordeaux, D. Sadler (Deputy Master) on Lass O'Gowrie, E. Cuthherton Rsesclare, Byron Cumming in Playfellow. W. G. Osbnttie on Simon, .1. Irvine on Wild Rose, C. Stonchouse on Village Girl, H. Nimmro on Silver Rock, Jno. Moodie, on Rainbow, W. Cathcart on Dispute, G. Smart on Raffle, Coulter on FIorrie, R. B. O'Neill on Erin, J. Tehan on Persuasion, Capt. Jenkins on a gray, G. Officer on G-iters, J. Axford on Phos. phor, F. M'Kenzie on My Friend, and S. Swanson on Highflier. The hounds were put on the trail shortly after three o'clock and worked admirably. There were four falls. Messrs. G. Officer, Coul ter, E. Cumming. and G. Smart coming to grief, but none of them were hurt. at the conclusion of the run an adjournment was made to the racecourse, where after noon tea was served by the laaies. The next run will probably take place in the vicinity o,f Camperdos n. A nILs named Farquhar M'Kenzis was arrested in Cobden on Thursday afternoon by Constable Quinn on a charge of threatening the life of his wife. Mrs. M "Kenzie alleges that she is in fear of her husband, who at times behaves very violently, and she swore the information upon which he was arrested. He was hbrought before Messrs. Shenfield and Baker, J's.P., and remanded for a week, which period he will spend in the Geelong Iol, whence he was taken by Constable Quinn yesterday. SOME of the butter merchants of Mel: bourne, it is understood, intend waiting on the Commissioner of Customs to urge that the importduty of 2d per lb. on butter should be removed till the end of July or August next, owing to the scarcity of the article in Victoria, consequent on the drought. Good D.anish butter, it is said, is now selling in London for about lid per Ib, ahile the price here for. butter oft similar quality is about Is 8d to lsa 10d. Co bring the butter from England to Mel b,,urne wou!d cost less than Id per lb. There is, lio ever. ni likelihood of Mr. t Best agreeinig to the suspension of the duty-especially after having declined to remove the duty on wheat. Apart from the natural avetsin of a Ministry to introduce such a debatable meaaure as a bill to amend the tariff, there is a feel ng statee the " Argus ") that with the prices nows obtainable for butter, importers could well afford to pay the duty. A SPECIAL meeting of the committee of the Camperdown Ladies' Charitable Fund c was held on Thursday afternoon, there c being present Mesdames Darke (in the c :hair), Taylor, Thomson, Plowman. a Thenball, M'Mlahon, Harrison, and I [Iatthews, and the Misses Macfarlane and rait(hon. secretary). Apologies for non- t itteudance were received from Mrs. W. V. Manifold and Mrs. G. R. Hope. The ibject of the meeting was to arrange for a reat on Jubilee day to the people on the und, and widows and families in straitened :ircumnstarn:es. It was pointed out that it was not intended that this should be re- e arded as charity, but simply as a means >f enabling a number of people who would tototherwise be able to do so. to, join in the estivities in connection with the Queen's 0 ecord reign. The proposal mentioned t n the last issue of the Chroni le that a t rote should be made from the funds of he Jubilee Celebration Committee was t tentioned, and it was decided to formally t tsk the coumittee for a donation. With O his exception no assistance is being asked c muteide the members of the Charitable a 'nnd Committee, hut Mr. F. Wright has ,enerously donated sufficient meat to pro ride for all those on the list, and has also k indertaken to give } cwt. of potatoes to r each recipient. Messrs. M. Quinn and .o. have further offered to supply all he groceries required at cost price. k sub-committee cunsisting of Mesdames h Darke and Thotupson and Miss 'ait was appointed to carry out o he arrangements, and while no general 6 ippeal is being made the committee will Indertake to distribute any commodities j eceived from anyone wishing to emulate he generosity of the donors already > nentioned. It is expected that about 60) sersonas will ,participate in the treat. It sa point worthy of mention that there ire about 12 people on the fund whose iges range from 65 to SO years. TRE Rev. M. U. Madderu will conduct oth services at the Cituperdown Bible :hristian Church tu-morrow,. and at Ponm Sorneit at 2.30 p.m. At Cobden Rev. J. Thenhall will officiate in the afternoon and evening. FoR the last few days, if you met a man journeying towards Parliament Rouse with an "infernal' looking J nachine under his arm, you might be s aure that he was on his way to give evi lence before the commission that is i- t 1uiring into the best means of lighting railway carriages. That our present method of lighting requites immediate im- t provement no one recognises more than Dommissioner Mathieson. I have more han once (states a Melbourne correspon- - lent) alluded to the vastly superior lighting of the carriages on the Newc South Wales side. In these you can read t Smfetably, while if you wish to doze you harve only to pull downI a simple but in geuiously contrived shlade. In South Australia the report of an expert who I csne over to Victoria has been acted on I atd an excellent plan adopted. Here in Victitia we nmove much more slowly. It has taken a long timue to secure orditrtily decent first-class carriages, fitted with the conveniences absolutely necessary to a long journey. Our second-class oarriagee on some of the shorter lines are still something disgraceful-mere boxes, in which no man over the average height, with a " tall hat' on, could stand upright in. How long it will be before we have lighting by which one can read comfort ably, if worked out by past experiences, would seem to be represented by X. Masasas. Armstrong Howe and Co. stock and station agents, Geelong and Terang, have sold 1.396 aseres of the Gleuormistn estate near Terang, to eight different buyers, at prices ranging up to £25 per acre. There are now only about 900 acres of this estate unsold, and it is eutne of the best land. LIEtTELYAT?T R. A. Crouch, of the 2nd Battalion Infantry. arrived at Queenscliff on Sunday night after completing a chal lange walk of 30 miles, from Melbourne to Little River, covering the distance in six hours ten minutes, or over four miles and three-quarters per hour. As he carried an overcoat and other impedimenta equal to umarchiug order conditions, this is con sidered very good walking Mr. Crouch afterwards walked on to Geelong. Ms. E. Burney Young, manager of the South Australian wine and produce depot in London, has written to the bMinister of Agriculture in South Australia expressing a belief that the British bill for tha'com pulesory marking of all colonial and foreigu meat offered for sale by butchers will have beneficial results to the colonies, as it is alleged many English butchers sell colonial meat as English and palm off inferior Englsh as colonial. If imported meat is branded, the British publt will learn that good colonial meat can be obtained at about half the price of Eng lish. The Government have telegraphed to the Agent-General asking him to guard the interests of the colony by urging that the word " Australian " be ~rnir Bu - lag imites ii "Joivig." No little dtsap, ilntme-nt was felt by h the tmembers of the teamperdown detach. a ment of the G Coilany, Mounted Rifles, when it was learned l ecently that they a would not be a:ccoied railway facilities to enable them to take part in the muili tary display in Mellburne in connection with the Jubilee celebrations. Captain Jenkins, however, made further represen tations to the authorities and with success, ai telegram being received by Setgt.-Major Bourke at. the conclusion of the local iparade yesterday, intimatilg that the members of the detachment would be granted free passes to enable them to pro reed to tle metropolis. Their apprecia tion of this concession will be lshown by the whole of the memllbers-with the exception of Private Hay, who is still con fined to his room--taking advantage of it. THiE Jubilee Celebration Conunmittee held a meetiing in tile Mechanics Institute last evening, there being present. the Revs. W. Thomison (in the ch:air) and J. Chenhsll and Measis. M Quirn, G. M,,r riso, D. M'Dnald, J. H. Robinson, J. 9M'Crae, A. C. -M'Qualter, and R. i. Parry (hon. secretary). The hon. secretary made a suges!tion that lie shlould te eom powered to issue tickets to thlls, children of specified ages outside the schools who wished to attend the treat, and this was adopted, from 4 to 14 years being fixed as the ages. It was also resolved that applications for tickets should be made before W\ednesday next. The lprogramume to be followed on the day of the ft:e was then taketn into cotr?ideration The chilrren will assemble in front of the lccl;hatices' Hall at one o'c;,,ck, and after singing the National Anthem they will be presented with the medals and also with a bag of Illie, each. Mr. J. C. Mianifild is to be asked to mnake the presentati.,n of the mnedal. Headed by the baud a procession will then be formed-and march along Manifold street, the Cobden road, and Brooke street to the avenue in front of the Mechanics' Inistitute, where the sports will be held. At half-past four the sports will finish and ten will commence. When this has been completed a start will be at once made with the fireworks, which will be let off from . a staging near the post offce. It was formally decided that the sports shoult be hold in the avenue in lieu of the show ground. Mr. Morrison mentioncd that he had noticed in the Press that a 50-mile bicycle race wasto he held. on Jubilee day which would be extremely, dangerous. He considered they would be culpable if they did not take measures for the protection ofthechildren. Theyshould strengthen the handsof the police in stopping the race, and he moved to that effect. Mr. M'Donald seconded the motion, which was carried. A letter was received firot the Ladies' Charitable Fund soliciting assistance in presenting a gift of eatables to a number of the poor of the town, and after considering the financial p sitiolt the suin of £5 was voted. The Secretary was in structed to write thanking the Ploughing Match Committee for their donatiuon. A vote of thanka to the Chairman closed the proceedings. AT the weekly parade of the Camper down detachment of G Company Mounted Rifles yesterday a competition took place for the honor of representing the detach mnent in a conimpetition amongst the differ ent detachments of the company for gold medals given by Messrs. Block Bros., of Warrnamibool, and Captain Jenkins. Two members of each of the six detachments in the company will he selected, and these will compete at Warrnainbool for the coveted prizes, one of which will be for the best shiot in the companly, while the others will go to the best ill each de tachisent. The two Camperdow,, repre sentatives, as a result of yesterday's compietition, will be Corporal Doherty and Corporal Chisholm. Mas. W. Brown and family, in another column, express their appreciation of the kindly sympathy extended to them in their recent sad bereavement. Mr. R. W. Barlow advertises two houses to let in Camperdown. Mr. F. C. Russell advertises a number of new lines in every department of his furnishing warehouse. At Ctlsc on Thursday. 24th inst., Messrs. J. G. Johnstone and Co., in c.,njunction with Messr,. Armstrong, Howe and Co., will hold a special clearing sale of forward bullocks, spayed heifers, dairy stock and sheep, on aocount of Messrs. Mulder and Hancock. 