^^llilpiiKipll; ?AI^N$HtrSlA5TIG:X3ii^i^Aitofe ?.Every nation lias .its peculiar traditions, customs, ; atid festivals; and Ireland is .not behindhand in honoring her feast days. Englishmen revere the memory of St. George, nB do Scotchmen that of St. Andrew, and ''Welshmen that of St. David, but the people of Upno of these nationB pay .such enthu siastic homage- to their patron saint as do the Irish to theirs on the occasion of the anniversary of the birth of St. Patrick, 'the giorious apostle of Ireland.' Whether on hiB 'native heath' or in a far-off clime the Celt never forgets his fidelity to the laud of His birch, as well as to her cause and her hopes. Amongst new associations abroad, largely and socially directed by a now purpose, bound up ?with the progress ' and prosperity of another land, the sons of St. Patrick never forget the cradle of their race and never cease to urge the cause of Ireland. Of late years the sous of St. Patrick have urged it in -vain, for they have had to witness the painful disruptions, the interrjaldisintegrations, and the petty jealousies that exiBt amongst the Irish Party, and have caused what was once a solid phalanx to bo split up into factions. Efforts have been made to effect conciliation between the .parties and sympathetic appeals for a 're- union of hearts that never should be severed' have been made by the Irishmen of Australia vitii, apparently, some {food result. The sug gestion for holding a National Convention in order to brine; about peace once again ema nated from adistinguished prelate of the Church and an Irishman across the Atlantic, and as at no crisis in her history Irishmen have been found Wanting when the necessities ol the hour demanded their immediate and vigorous inter vention, a National Convention, which at the time was said to be composed of men representative, of the best and truest types of the 'race,* assembled not only from every district of Ireland, ,but from every country where Irishmen have borne the gospel of nationality. All this has taken place since last St. Patrick's Day, but though the historic assemblage in Leinster Hall did much towards effecting a settlement of the vexed questions in dispute those away from the ojd country have not yet seen their fondest hopes realised. That the day. will come when individual and petty interests will be brushed aside and when all will work for the common weal, for the attainment of that object for which they have been fighting so long, is the fervent prayer of every Nationalist Irishman. For years the Irish National Federation in Adelaide conducted the St. Patrick's Day celebration and forwarded the proceeds to the homo authorities to help the evicted tenants. For the first time iu the history of St. Patrick's Day in South Australia the Catholic body, which was formed at the instance of the Archbishop, took the matter in hand last year, and for a time the two parties were at cross-purposes on the question of the allot Saint Pathick. mc-nt of the proceeds. Dr. O'Keily maintained that as tho Church liabilities were so high charity should begin at home and thj^t the profits of the demonstration should -be devoted to tho liquidation of. tho. heavy debt on the arch diocese, for which ho, as the head of the Church in South Australia, was responsible and of which he desired to relieve his Hock as quickly as possible. With that characteristic love for a light both sides assumed a belligerent atti tude and at first no compromise was put for ward to adjust mattery. There was a good deiil of sparring1, but it was all conducted in a mo&tfricndly; spirit and ultimately his grace and' the Catholic body gained tbeir point, so that Loth sides were able to toast 'The day we celebrate' and 'Ireland a nation' on the 17th of March in harmonious groups, quite oblivious to the fact that they had been divided. To quote the words of a well-known writer— 'In fervent word and feeline songJ they pledged their fealty to Ireland and her people, and the chorus of unison welled up in full-sculed vo!umo of undying constancy to the Isle of the Sea.' The demonstration is being carried out this year under happy auspices, all the arrangements having been directly superintended by. the archbishop, con cerning whose great abilities as* an organiser and business man it would be superfluous to ?make any comment, Wednesday morning was cloudy and threatening, but there was no rain, aud though the wind waa a little strong a cooler and more pleasant day for the demonstration of 1897 could not have been desired. There was a big 'gathering of the clans' outside St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, and after mass had been celebrated by Father Ryan, of Blumberg, a procession was formed. 'The Wearing of the Green' was much in evidence, musically and otherwise, !tnd despite the dulness of the morning the floatiug of the banners and bannerettes in the breeze, the in spiriting national airs that were played by the bands, and the good humor that prevailed everywhere all Contributed to a lively scene.' 1 ho order of tho procession waa :-— .Banner of St. Francis Xavier's branch U.A.G.lJ.o. City Volunteer Band. Juvenile contingents (H.A.C.B.S;) in regalia. ,? Guild Band. Members Guild of St. John the Bantist. ' Members of Catholic literary societies The clergy. „? ? '..?????: General public . !?-'?;.'.'. 'h'a^ire»:hed''^6Ay^^Vthe^BBt'^S'^H-e?day;. passed off without- iraip. .JMatnbera 'of Ttbe* Ministry and Legislature visited the grounds and were accorded '& hearty welcome. Amongst them were the Premier, the Treasurer, tho Commissioner of , Public Works, tne Commissioner of Crown Lauds, Sir K. C. Baker, the Hons. A. 11. Addison, M.L.C., G. .McGregor, M.L.C., W. A. Robinson, M.L.C., D. M. Charleston, M.L.C., and J. II. Gordon, M.L.C., Messrs. T. Scherk, M.P.. W. O. Archibald, M.P., A. E. Roberts, M.P., J'. A. McPhcrson, M,P., I. McGillivray, M.P., E. L. Batchelor, M.P., and T. Price, M. P. After luncheon his Excellency the Governor aud Captain Walling ton, A.D.C., reached the ground, and were welcomed at the gate by the archbishop, the Ven. Archpriest kevint members -of the Ministry, Dr. O'Oonnell, and Mr. Mac Donald. Sir Fowell Buxton was accommo dated with a seat in the viceregal box, and after witnessing a few of the sports took Jiis departure. ' THE LUNCHEON. At 1 o'clock luncheon was served/in the room underneath the members' pavilion. Mr. G. Flecker catered in his usual excellent stylo. The chair was occupied by Mr. P.- McM. Glynn, B. A., LL.B. (president of the Irish National Federation). He was supported by his Grace the Archbishop, tho Treasurer, the Commissioner of Public Works, the Commis sioner of Crown Lands, the Chief Secretary, the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. C. -Tucker), Hon. J. H. Howe, Alderman Johnson, Dr. O'Connell, Councillor Darby, and Mr. Aloysius MacDonald. Tho Chairman apologieed for the absence of the Premier, who hoped to be present later in the day. The Auchbisuop, who ^jvas received with loud cheers, proposed 'The day we celebrate.' The committee had done him great kindness in asking him to propose the toast. In rising to speak ho found himself somewhat in a ciileinma, for it brought up so many ideas and new subjects that it was hard to make a selection of one upon which a speech could be based. So many of these subjects; too, were so patriotic that it made the task all the more onerous and difficult. Some grave historians had said tit. Patrick was a Frenchman, others would have it that he was a Scotchman, and again it was averred he was a German. Personally as a historian he believed he was an Irishman. (Laughter and cheers. ) Another subject upon which there was a divergence of opinon was Homo Rule. In South Australia they went iu largely for politics, but with all due respect to . the members of the Ministry and other political gentltuieu present he thought it would be better to leave politics abne— (hear,' hear) — because if they once got into, the arena of politics it might interfere with their digestion. (Laughter.)' There was the sweet little, dear little shamrock of Ireland still left for their reflection ; it was inuch in evidence that day. (Cheers.) The shamrock had a will of its own — it was thoroughly Irish, and while it grew luxuriantly in its native soil it per sistently refused to thrive anywhere else. (Cheers. ) In ' Lovo and Idleness ' Shakes peare spoke of a western flower, aud although he did not push his botanical investigations into a neighboring country still the description corresponded exactly -with the shamrock. Shakespeare was a genius, and his knowledge of men and things was too extensive for him to belitve that the bard had not heard of the clear little, sweet little shamrock of Ireland. (Laughter.) Shakespeare, how- j ever, having no doubt a due regard for tho ! susceptibilities of his countrymen, did not ? like to name the western flower the shamrock of Iieland. (Laughter.) There were two! kinds of shamrocks— the four-leaved and the j three-leaved. The former variety had talis manic elTects. If a man wanted money or de sired Parliamentary honors and had the four leaved shamrock iu his possession, his wishes . were gratified. (Laughter.) Unfortunately! it was on record that the discovery of tho : four- leaved shamrock was rare. (Laughter.) He was sorry for it, as otherwise half the mem- I bers of our Legislature and also tho Federal ! Convention would be Irishmen. (Laughter and cheers.) Tuo three-leaved shamrock was a less uncommon plant. However, it was supposed to have medicinal effects, and where ; an Irishman was struck down it was supposed j to cure tho wound, and certainly prevented blood poisoning. (Laughter.) He hoped they j might all live long to celebrate the least of St. Patrick. (Loud cheers.) Mr.-GiA'NN, who was greeted with cheers, in reply, said ho confessed ho felt inclined to take advantage of his position as chairman and refuse to call upon himself. The diffi culty on each occasion was to say something i new, but ha thanked his grace for his re ference to Shakespeare's 'Love and Idleness.' He must, however, say there waa not much idleness so far as ho was capable of judging about Irish love. (Laughter.) Irishmen did not sleep in their love. On many occasions even the blackthorn had been called into ! requisition in such matters. Moreover the ! character referred to by the archbishop could not have been Irish, for Fletcher had said, ''Faith, she has devils in her tongue.' He I tlianlcecTliis grace for tho kindly way he had! spoken. (Cheers.) Dr. O'Lonnell submitted 'Australia,' tho land of Limit- adoption. It was only fair, how ever, that their native land should have prece dence on these- occasions. He was pleased to see the Ministry present. It had been well said that wherever one went he was euro to meet an Irishman. If the Antarctic regions were explored they would surely mid one there. Australia had beeivbuilt up by Irish men, so that in honoring the toast they were to a certain extent honoring their native laud. I (Oncers, j Victoria, Queen and Empress, I reigned over many lands, but no fairer inheri tance was under her temporal sovereignty than this— to some the 'land of adoption, to others the land of birth, and which they called Australia. (Loud cheers. ) Mr. W. -}. Denns: responded. He was sur prised that Dr. O Council £b an Irishman should express his diffidence to propose that or any other toast. A8~a rule, Irishmeu were equal to any emergency, (Laughter.) Unfor tunately Australia had not a patron saint like_ St. Patrick. One might come in timo, although' institutions in which a boy was free to say anything but his prayers did not supply the materials of which saints were made, (Laughter. ) /Australians had a lack of sentiment, but they were not deficient in the good qualities that went to make a man. Their want of national scenery was, proverbial, but they had political' institutions that might compare with much more favored countries. (Cheers.) Moat Irishmen had heard of- the bells of Shandon and of tho poetry weaved round their associations, but .Australians would bp ln'ore concerned to know whether the clock oi Shandon kept accurate tune. Aus tralia-had no 'good people' or shillelaghs,' and 'turf' had quite a different significance to that attached to it in Ireland. Australians had some of the best strarasin their composi tion. -They had the 'cuteness^f the. American, the business tact of the 'Anglo-Saxon, the poetry and eloquence of the Irish, the shrewd-, ness of the Scotch, and the solidity of . the German. (Loud cheers.) ;. .; ;. ?'.:!.:''; The TBEABunEBi in proposing 'The chair man,' saichMr. Glynn waB hold in high esteem tiot only by his feUow- oountryfliiehi but by the peopleof South ^ustratia, as was evidenced, by his ©lection to the Federal Convention. - mmmmmm ^aii^'n*'--liii^lf;3irtjte^^y'^lMt^ffi4fii; SmS&v.; ?'?:,' ?'??..? ^:*r-~~:--1fJ:-':-i--^-?^;:^- ; ;Mr. Gltnw having suitably acknowledged the compliment tho procpiidmgs closed. . : '''?? : '?-. '.. ?.?? the: ^poETs; ;; -.. .' The -sports were successfully carried out* although lit times tho -starting of some of the events was somewhat hindered by tho public crowding the course. The racing on the whole was very,_ good, the finishes of some of the events being exciting. The St. Patrick's Day Sheffield Handicap brought -out a good field., and after two rounds of heats had been run the first place fell to H. Jones off 13 yards mark, while E. J. Whiteford with 13J yards start came iu second, and J. H. Tratben off 10J yards mark c-aino third. In the first heat of the second round some of the starters were dis qualified by tho officials. TFe hurdlo race fell to H. Jones after several heats had been run. A good deal of interest was taken in the running high jump, which was won by M. E. Plunlsett wlio cleared the line at 5 ft. 1 in., while Fairweather took second place, jumping 4 (t. 10 in. Appended are the results: — TWO WILES BICYCLE BACK. . First heat— A. E. Sampson, scr.; K. R. Russack, 40 yards ; T. J. Trcvail, 25 yards. Other staiters— J. J. Mullins, 00 yards ; S. Netherton, U0 y.^rds ; T. J. Mack, .175 yards ; P. Tanner, 200 j-ards. Tbe pace was very fair, and after an interesting race Saiupson won from Itiissack by a few inches, Trevail coming in a fair third. Time, 4 min 52 sec. Second 'heat— J. P. Bull.c'.ty, 120 yards ; W. T. Carter, 30 yards ; E. C. Tubb, HO'yards. Other starters— J. Fauser, 10b yards ;.T. Martin, 203 yards; H. Daivson, 2 JO yards; T. K. Stevenson, 230 yards. Tliis race proved somewhat slow until the last lap, when Tubb shot out from Carter and Bulkeley, then the latter sprinted spiendidly into the straight, and won by about a wheel. Time, 5 min. 6 sec. Third-heat— J; C. Baker, 10 yards ; W. T. Physick, 110 yards; A. E. Davis, 10U yards. Other starters — A. Bergstrom, 100 yards; J. Meyers, 150 yards. Harold Bickford, scratch; and L. J. JlcOormack, 90 yards, not taking part. Baker cuuglit tbe field e..rly in the race, and won .very comfortably. Time, 4 min. 55{ sec. Final— W. T. Carter, 30 yards; J. C. Baker, 10 yards ; J. P. Bulkeley, 120 yards. This race was a fiffht between the first throe men and Itiipsack, who obtained fourth place. Baker eutored a protest against Carter in the tinal. I'OOTRACIKQ. 75 Yards Handicap Kace (lor boys under 12).— A. Sheridan, E. Tliomas. 303 Yards Handicap Race (for boys under 16,).— H. Galvirj, J Hehir. 100 Yards Handicap Maiden Itace. — M. R. Plunkett, C. Peckham. 1C0 Yards Three-legged Kace Handicap.— J. C. and J. Kenijiham, H. CIKrke and P. Nation. 100 Yards Handicap l'iat Kace (for members juvenile contingent H.A.C.B. Society). —H. Galrin,' P. Waist). 10J Yards Goat Race.— J. Dig-an, G. tt'alhce. Running High Jump Handicap. — SI. 11. Plunkett, 5 ft 1 in.- ; FairwcaUier, 1 ft. 10 in. 160 Yards H.udica;) Hace (for members H.A.C.B. Society).— O. A. Plunkett, M. J. Tobin. 100 Vards Handicap Race (for members of Catholic literary societies). — W. J. Denny, C. E. Bridgewood. One-Jliie Handicap Flat Kace.— it Spain, scratch ? E..A. Urefke, 10 yards ; J. Wiuken, 45 ycrds. 2GJ Yards Handicap Fiat Race. — C. Western, A. Kellon. Old Buffers' Ii:icc, 50 yards.— P. Morrissc-y, II. Haines. v 100 Yards Handicap Committee Race— P. F. Kileyi J. E. Linahen, .). ?!. liughea. ir-0 Yards Handicap Unnile Race. —First heat— H. Jones, J. ]''arrellv. Second heat — I,. Home, W. C. l'ltmJretL Third Jieat-F. J. Barr, J. \V. Townsend. Finai heat— H. Jones, 13 yards ; J. t'arrelly, 1C yards ; F. Ji IiaiT, 13 yards. St. Patrick's Ciy Sheffield Handicap.— First round — F.rst heat— J. K. TratJien, 11. U. Plunkett. Second heat—.*. liLcCalluin, J. McNaniara. Third heat— E. ^findall, P. W. Harrison. Fourth heat — K. J. Whiteford, J. JI. To-.vnscntl. Fifth heat— L. Home, A. L. Addison. Sixtli heat— L. G Grewar, II. Jones. Second round.— First heal— J. HcXanisra. Second heat— H. Jones, J. K. Trailicn. Third licat— E. J. Wliitclcrd, L. Horne Final heat— II. Jones, 13 yards ; E. J. WhaeforJ, 131 yards ; J. E. Tralhen, 101 yards. 1} The gentlemen wffb acted as officials were : — Sports committee, Messrs. J. C Healy, P. F. Kile'y, E. Phair, J. F. Murphy, J. E. Liaalien, J. Moroney, F. Sugg, .)'. S. Hughes, J. M. Williams, W. J. Denny, J. J. iSullivan, M. J. Morrissey, J. P. Doheny, D.4 Young, and Rev. P. Hurley ; handicapper, Mr. IS. J. Furnell ; starter, Mr. J. J.- Hughes ; judges, Messrs. J. J. Sullivan and J. E. Linahen ; referee, Mr. P. F. Kiley ; secretary of sports, Mr. M. J. Morrissey ; lion, secre taries, Messrs. D. Young and J. P. Doheuy. THE NATIONAL CONCERT. One of the most pleasing and popular parts of the programme of St. Patrick's Day celebra tion is the .natiojial conceit which is held iu the Town Hall. On the present occasion it proved no exception to the rule aud a large audience assembled, amongst whom were the Archbishop, the Premier and Mrs. Kingston, the Commissioner of Crown Land9, Arch deacon Russell and Archpriest Nevin, and a largo number of city and suburban clergy. Mr. P. McM. Glynn delivered an address on 'Our National Festival,' in the course of which he said : — No race is more tenacious of traditions than the Irish, no race is fonder of j idealising the past ; you will not on this earth J find a people with a feeling of nationality more j intense, or domestic instincts more developed, than tho people whose national festival we celebrate to-day. The historic ideal is an abiding reality with us ; we have perhaps i more than other nations a fondness lor tho romance of tho past, and for what is poetic and inspiring1 in national 'memories. You remember how Moore suggests this side of tiie national temper in that song which might be considered our national anthem, and in which he asks the Sons of Erin to remember the days of old :- On Lough Rough's bank as the fisherman strays, When the clear coicl eve's declining, lie sees the round towers of other days ly^the wave beneath him shining. Thus tlmll memory often, in dreams stiiilime, Catch a glimpse of the -!aya that are over ; Thus, sighing, look through (.lie waves of time For the lo»[f faded glories they cover. lam not going to believe, therefore, that the chiidrbn of Irish parents— of parents so devoted to the national ideal — have altogether cut the ! painter with their historic records, or affect a vulgar insensibility in relation to their races ai^d traditions. We are common-place enough, God knows, without assuiHing a want of sense for the poetry of patriotism. A great Irish states man — the greatest, according to a contempo rary, that the world had ever seen — says that 'people will not look forward to posterity who never look back to their ancestors.' l$ut let me refer to a living writer. Ruskin, con trasting at the time of tho Indian mutiny the effect of natural surroundings, those surrouud ings from which jjatriotism draws its. inspira tion, on the capacities and moral habits of the Scotch and East Indians, says : — 'Out of the peat cottage come faith, courage, self-sacrifice, purity, piety, and whatever else is fruitful in the work of Heaven ; out of the ivory palace come treachery, cruelty, cowardice, idolatry, bestiality— whatever else is fruitful in tho work of hell.31 And. he ascribes this to the fondness of the Scotch for the natural scenery of their native, laud — to the fact that their passions and principles are directly associated with the charm and power, of nature. How many instaupes of this Association of natural soenfry. 'with^tjjp purest and mo3t eaiutary jifttrtotjsni, the patriotism that at once refines and inspires, is 'furnisliod liiy Scotch poetry. Most of the . . referenpes_i»' Irish patriotio poetry are to the beaufjTnnd grandeur of iiaturalscenery— -to, of course, as is inevitable wfUi^Gfiltic natures, the brightness and jtSlacney of Irish eyes, tho softness- aud silver pnxjjjjy cjf Irish laltes, and the boldness of the Mountain Slifris that --beat back eternally/the breaking ^^nU'-of -the Atlantic. Let me now sayiiewVjvords, ;';aud ,a few on]y will be? re ^uijpBJ3ilM;to'«piae.i»f jthe Jiidf-fpxgotMn'^^'ona MmBmBmsmsk 3*$«tjq:;»U)M»t ytorh'ayfl tr „ bright future '-l^efpr^|t.'.'-:''.'Tliien7 says that ' the poetry arid literature -6f ancient Ireland were tho most cultivated, perhfcps, of all western Europe.' Some of the beginnings of the great elemental dramas, of 'which Wagner has made such usv can be traced to Celtic, if not 'Irish sources. It seems to be the. function of some races- to supply. tho foundation of literature; of others to raise the structure of tho imagination. The prreat German epic, the Nibelungen Lied, has4 Irish scenes ; the Isold of Tristram, of tho old love story modernised by Arnold, Tennyson, andj)thers; was an Irish girl, one probably as bewitching as these that the great Danish warrior. King Magnus, '' loved belter than himself and whose beauty made him declare his heart waa in Dublin. And now, ladies and gentlemen, having sounded the praises of ourselves and our mother land— for of course patriotic eulogies are to some small extent self-regarding— let mo say a few words a3 to the objects which underlie the celebration 'of tliis^-day. As a 'race we stick -with some tenacity to tho memory of our great dead, and St. Patrick' is in all conscience dead long enough to be borne in strong remembrance. He. leaves, I need scarcely tell you, an historic name, for now that, &b; a professor says, history should bo written backwards and ancestors and posterity are liable to become some what mixed, I might say that he was called after, myself. Indeed, I. can claim a further- acquaintance with .St. Patrick, and hope, of course, hereafter to make it, I was once under the spiritual supervision of his historian, the Rev. Father Shearman, of Howth. Father Shearman, ? I think, had an idea that there were three St. Patricks, but to that there can be little objection, as one cannot have too much of a good thing. Perhaps this explains the assertion of the sons 'of Caledonia, who have a. knack of appropriating what is valuable, that St. Patrick was a Highlander. But tc be seriou?. It is not alone as the anni versary of our patron saint, but as a preserva tive of our sense of nationality that wo cele brate St. Patrick's Day. On the 17th of -March the unity of the race is made perfect through the touch of a common memory. It has been said of the British Empire that it is one 'on which the sun never sets' and ' whOstr--iorning drum-beat, following the sun aud keeping company with the hours, encircles the globo with an unbroken chain of martial airs.' Well, 'St. Patrick's Day in the 4nqrn- ing' follows the bugle of the dawn ; I think you will hear the music 8f the brogue wherever the flag of freedom flie3, from tropics to Arctic lands, from 'the Orkneys to the Horn,' some eon of old Ireland will be found to comme morate the festival of his native land and sing, eVen in climes where the natives strut in naked majesty, ' The Wearing of the Green.' The fact of it is, there is no. life without ideals, no sympathy l-etween men possible without a centre of common interest, and devotion to the country that bore us, or was the scene of our ancestral records, supplies as salutary and comprehensive an ideal as life is likely to afford. And does not this patriotism, poetic or retrospective though it may be now that the sphere of our activity is here, react upon us as citizens ot this younjr and healthy state. Are we not, whatever may be the land of our descent, the better Australians for remembering on the return of a festival day the land of our father's lovo ; are we not the bettor fitted to found, as wo are about to do, a new nation worthy of our Mendetl bloods from having dwelt upon the memories of the old home across the sea and warmed our hearts .from time to time at tho living fire of her altar.? ? It must bo so.' As Englishmen we may boast of our 'sceptred isle,' as Scotchmen of the wild beauty of our mountain scenery, as Irishmen of what you will ; but it is only men that do so who can feel to tho full the spirit of Kipling's toast to the sons of the Empire; who can rise to the height and abandon of his concluding lines — Wove drunk to the Queen, God bles3 her ; We've drunk to our mother's land ; We've drunk^o our Kuj ish brother (And ive'hope he'll understand). « We've drunk as much as we're able, And the cross swings low to the dawn ; Last toast— and your foot on the table— A health to the native born. An excellent programme had been arranged by the secretaries, Messrs. W. J. Denny and P. F. Kiley, and was well carried out. The organ recitals by Mr. W. Sanders, first a 'Fantasia on Irish airs' and then a march by Duuster, were in each case pleasing pre ludes to the portions of the programme which followed. The air 'There is a charming girl,' from Benedict's 'The Lily of Killarney,' was rendered by Mr. F. Mon!:, who was in good voice, and met with a war,m reception. Moore's 'Last rosj of summer,' as sung by Miss Nellie O'Sullivan, appealed to all present, and the songstress only escaped an encore by the fact that, owing to tho length of the programme, they were strictly forbidden. Later on Miss O'fcSullivan scored another success iu Lover's ballad 'The angel's whisper.' Haynes's popular 'Off to Phila delphia,' as sung by Mr. O. E Taeuber, was pivetf-with.vim, and elicited loud applause. He was also expressive in 'Me .darlin' Asthere.' Mr. A. C. Quinn's masterly manipulation of the violin, combined with his powers of expression, in a 'Fantasia on Irish mslodiea' won for him undoubted expression of approval.- 'Kathleen Mavourneen' always appeals to an Irish audience, but as sung by Mr. R. Nitschko it evoked mote than usual enthusiasm, but when after wards he sung 'The miustrcl boy' the audieuce was 'agin tho law,' and in sisted on him siuginsr the last ver.-se. Two pieces essential to the occasion' were 'The Irish immigrant' aud 'Comeback to Erin,' and it is needless to sayj Miss E. Lohrmann in each won golden' opinions. Egualiy suitable to the occasion were the con tributions of Mrs. Geach, who saupj 'Kil- laruey' and 'Asthore' with most pleasing cifects. 'The ni';on has raised her lamp' was given as a duct by Messrs. Monk aud Taueber, while 'God save Ireland,' in which Mr. Nitschke saiig the solo parts, brought the entertainment to a close. ' ?THE BANQUET. For several years the idea of holding a ban quet on St. Patrick's night has been talked about, but nothing practical has come of it. However, on Wednesday night, at the Exchange Hotel, Hindley-street, the first of a series of annual banquets in connection with the Irish National Federation was held. Over 100 guests sat down to a capital spread provided by Mr. O. A. Marten, and the banquet was a brilliant success. In the menu cards was the following verse: — ___ And hearts that have been long estranged And friends that have grown cold. Shall meet again like parted streams , And mingle as of old. ' .The Hon.* J. V. O'Loghlin (Chief Secre tary), presided. The loyal -toasts having been honored, Mr. F. F. Wholohan proposed— 'The day we celebrate.' No man must think that Ire land was crooning over. the irreparable past; she was to-day a vigorous personality battling for her rights, and they should remerabei'tlmt there; was no statute' of limitation which barred the rights of a nation. (Cheers.) The toast entrusted to him was one that would be honored and. received with enthusiasm alli|}B. world over. ? (Cheers.) There were ipia- jy;einrs pines, but there was a nobler and - a^jg&BattiB;?: less empire whioUjsprea^Lall ?jr£uadMej|i£b$;~i an. i^pire of*Jrish;h&iirtai;^M^^si!^^aj fromlurthestnorUvto^ paging '.thEiirj^Bsry ??wayAiofi04^ay's'|iji|fiS::-SiI^K year. tjiut»lyleir;*uo,-r-iiiainuig';day iheySsfJ^iddJisSf^^ pe allowed to'gnra -themselves up to the *njpy j-.''^? 'I^bBH ment of celebrating thenatal day of theirpaWonp , ? ;?^h»sk saint, (pheers.) ':. The time :bfccl gone :V^^-'-s^P^^ Ireland's past could be despised or ignpreS; j :i-^k^^S A flood of light- had shone on the 'deeds;;:o^4L:-*^^ their noblest men—deeds whioh recalled' ih«v.:.-S:v«;?g'^S greatest glories in history. (Cheers. ) . Irelancl ''.'-f.^K^^j was famed for tbe beauty and chastity rf heir 't~-^'ri!j§jg| dark eyed colleens, the eloquence and piety of ? ^'?5^^p her missionaries, and the picturCBqueness of: -:':^?i8||i her scenery. Ireland was only too willing to ;-~?'3%jWi holdoTit the hand of friendship to all nations,; ' ? .\v'' ?'SissS and if ehe were only united' there ' wagv-^iiMSpS no-p'ower on earth to deprive Irishmen of 'th'eir ':? ''?'-H^|m rights. (Cheers.) They saw Ireland only ;^:^%S throusrh the mists of memory, but though -?' .';. v'w^fej they lived beneath .the Southern Gross they , ^f+*t still had a warm corner in- their hearts for the r- . ' ?'.' :';.^t»| dear 'old land faraway. (Cheers,) It was ; ?' \\. 'i.^wJSi said that Ireland had Been couquered, but she^' . . . Cv'*^i never had b'een in the real sense of the word. . .^r-JS (Hear, hear.) Who how feared to speak of V .-'?* *V;-g|j '98? ' Was tliere.an Irishman now who hung ' ? : '?'iv'^M his head with shamo at the sound \of . ft\S;;3 the glories of :98 ? (CheeraJ They hoped to ; /VS| see the Parliament again established iu College ' 'tV?:' Greenland, though it might seem incongrous :'vx to £omo people, Irishmen could lovo South Aus- ? ?' ?':--!. tralia and yet not be false to Ireland. (Cheers.) . V,.*| Tho Chairman, in reply, said the sentiment -' :i*| embodied in that toast needed -neither elo-. .£.?P quence nor rhetorio~to commend it to those' CvM^ present. He had -not tho good fortune to Ci«t;Sl belong to Ireland, nor to have seen the green, .'?'?':y40f shores of OErin. ,He was laboring under a . ?;' .o-cSJ disability iu this respect, but no more ???': ='; ;'.^j|| so than St. Patrick himself. Seven cities . ^''S laid claim to the birthplace of JHorner. A ~.:: ..;-.XSji| good many had. put forward a similar plea „ '\^f$ for St. Patrick, and yet the very land hs had ?-.'-. ??^S'j.S sanctified and glorilicd made no such claim. '?'??':? -ff-?V (Hear, hear.) They were charged with being .. '?'??^'S' too exclusive because they united in doing ''.t- ® honor to one. to whom they vowed their . ?: -^ allegiance, and who was a great benefactor of V ;-'-;f$ their race. (Cheers.) They were prepared to ? i:'..'i extend sympathy to anyone who was cVi™ in sympathy with them . ?toV'5'l3|IWS',«^^^^S national aspirations. This i»3^b|at5^;:lf|^^^^ was not associated with the'triutMpti['!w^?-B':H.^^^^ffl party or the disaster of another. ? S(s.--'3r«Bs«J(:.*Vv?|-^SHB of all creeds and classes could unite in celebra ting this festival without iutroduciug'-those bitter memories which were unfortunately associated with other celebrations. They wero all met in one communion to do honor to Ireland's patron saint, whoso name waft - attached to two of tho nohlcst sinuishentB to be found in- IrisK' hearts— faith and fatherland. (Loud cheers.) tit. Patrick waa claimed by Protestants as well as Catholics, but, like the teetotaller who excused himself on the ground, that 'he was not bigoted,' if Ireland's patron saint were a Protestant he was not a bifoted one. (Laughter.) The . hjcotch had eloried in St. Andrew and tho English in St. George; then why should nod they do honor to St. Patrick, whose meinory carried them back to the' time when Ireland was the island of saints. (Cheers.) Why was thero a disposition on the part of some of their countrymen or countrywomen ,to despise the good old names for tbeir children at baptism ? The' name of Patrick was goiug out of fashion, and some new fandangled name was substituted. We had picked up .such iiame3 a3 'Norman Stanley Flanagan,' 'Leslie Plantagcnet Murphy' and 'Vic- toria Angelina McCarthy.' (Loud laughter.) He hoped there wore none there who wou;d be ' ashamed of the old- fashioned, good old names ; what was good enough for tlitfir forefathers ought to be good enough for them. (Cheers). In times of trouble and disaster they should not grow cold in their warmth towards their native laud, but rather help their countrymen in thtir tight for liberty. (Cheers). Ho hoped that this gathering would Le an annual ? one, and that they would meet again to honor St. Patrick's Day. (Cheers). : Mr. R. J. Cavakagh submitted 'Ireland a nation,' which waa a subject for an orator and an inspiration for a poot. The history of Ire land furnished them with illustrious examples of men who had fought undaunted for the liberty of the country. In every phase of their history men had been produced who would live for ever in the memory of all time. It was absurd to say Irishmen were not capable of governing themselves. In every couutiv they had acted as Premiers of their - colonies — (cheers) — mayors of their towns, and representatives ot their districts. (Ch'eers. ) Mr. Glynn said in these days the force ot thought was practically more powerful than the force of arms, and as Irishmen,. they;:^re; ': more hopeful of the sympathy of otheriiaiiopsr! than ever— a sympathy which stimula*edxth#fc;:i intense enthusiasm for the cause thsy had-a^iS heart — Irish nationality. (Cheers;) . 'Thjeyi;; were fast approaching the year of liftS, which recalled memories of a mournful character, aud 17S2 saw the establishment of a Parlia-1 ment on College Green. What could be done at one time could be accomplished again with . faith and energy. Let them not bu daunted by what had taken place at home amongst the Irish Party, but hopa tliat all disputes might soon blow over aud that all would be found working for the common weal. Mr. J. P. Doheny, in proposing 'Aus- tralia,' said no one could disputa the riprht of Irishmen to be proud of -'Australia. He r-v f erred to the late Mr. \V. B. D-lley. Aus tralia's first Privy Councillor, Chief Justice Hipginbotham, Charles Gavan Duffy, Sir Robert Torreus, and Sir George Kingston, not to mention worthy desceL-Jents like tho ICingslons arid O'Loghlins. (Cheers.^ Ho rejoiced that in Australia ihey had, not felt) the arm of oppression, and that the grip of the evietor and tyrant had not been put upon the throatof struggling humanity. (Hear, hear.) Though short was our history it was none the V less glorious, The pioneers had left ua examples of their heroism, and the lessons of our explorers - wculd not be lost upon young Australians, who were full of courage aud determination. (Cheers.) The Premier, who was greeted with ringing cheers, said the warmth of the reception made him feel that he was in a room filled with ivarm Irish hearts. Ho was reminded previously; - that he was in, an Irish gathering by a.varioty of circumstances, not the least 'being that delicious touch of tho native tongue which h- had never heard on its native shore, andbyihs eloauence which had marknd mwv unnnnii throughout the proceedings, and which had been ? °\^;W BoconspiciousinMr. Dpheny'sacldress. (Cheers.* ', '??''?'%- Tfie chairman had found'fault with the'ra'pfi'----^''..'.--''.''^ that Irish fathers and mothers had adopted a V:'-r;;'%' certain -style in connection with the notnencla-, v- ??-' ?- :.-*M ture of their offspring. Both Mr. O'Lo&'iliu, ''^% and Mr. Glyun ha'd now a glorious oppor- ~^ tunity of altering that. (Loud laughter.) If j^ they, only abandoned their desolate state pi £j?&& what some people niiseallod , 'single bjessea- joaK ness' and gave practical proof ^ jsf tt\Mb-'s§PffiH adoration ' of the sex . which- Vttoey. Jg& fiiill eloquently profe' 1 '-^.Oaujghterir- in^iS^^S natural sequence of eyerits:-th6r^'w^uld«^Ms''J6^S» opportunities of petaakiat^^^te&fcP;^l^Sffl of V Pat,'- which W^mW^mH whilst twy ^^;«^fi^K;J^i be with theju* -but fc$ft$$gfeffi5t^T£l . &? 1 *tiiflj 3»tronyi£io*.-joi ^at,. whioh; Jkey^%6: :%ilioh deplored 'as fcaviiigrgone out rbffdftfc {.Loud-laughter.) He^itf' riot know. thatj^iiB .? mme had often 'been associated with saints— , ^laughter) — but if 'there was ^jone Baint nioro than another for whom he had respect it. was St. Patrickj and it would be strange if it were- not so. St. Patrick was the patron eaint of old Ireland, which he had never seen, and for which tor various reasons ho cherished the moat san guine -ideals. (Cheers.) If he ever got io near as England — and they ea\v it was suggested that there was some prospect of liis doing so— the time would not be_ far distant when he would make' himself inti mately acquainted with Ireland and her people in their native home. / (Cheers.) * They were, reminded that they owed much to the pioneers of South Australia who came from the countries of the Old World. What wonder then that the son— though it might be an unworthy son— of that -grand old Irish pioneer whose name had been mentioned should be tempted a little to dwell on tbe debt of gratitude which South Australia originally, owed to Irish enterprise, aud which she had Eince done so much to generously repay. Australia was his native- land— in_ which he was born and bred and in which he hoped to die. (Cheers.) Ureathes there n man with soul so dead V-'lio never to himself hath said This is my owii^ my native Innd. They had little fear that a glorious mother had anywhere such recreantsous. Autralia appealed too powerfully to their patriotism. They were reminded of 'the freedom they enjoyed, and well might that be so. Well might our consti tution be held up A3 an example and a source of admiration to the countries of the world. Tiie short period of our history forbade a Jong record of military achievements sucli as that to which less favored coun tries might point. Might our soil never be polluted with the wholesale outpouring of human blood, but peace has her victories as well as war — (loud cheers) — and a conquered wilderness, a thriving country, a pros perous and contented community, spoke more eloquently of Australia, its people, und resources, than centuries of bloody fratricidal Btrife. (Cheere.) Achievements such as these accomplished by individual states opened to them the most glorious vista of the'possibilit:es of a united Australia, tire ideal of all true Australians so magnifi cently apostrophised by an Australian singer. O, (air ideal, unto whom, Through days of doubt and nights of gloom, 13m.vc hearts have ciuns, whiie iips of Bcorn Made mock of thee as but a dream, Already en the heights of morn We see thy golden sandals gleam. And glimmering through the clouds that wrap thee jet, The seven stars that are thy coronet Politics were properly tabooed on an occasion of ibis sort, but they 'would 'hardly wish him to rtfraiii, in view of the great national gather ing of Australian statesmen who would shortly meet in Adelaide, for referring to the greatest of all Australian questions —federation. (Cheers.) Might it speedily be accomplished and on an enduring basis. (Cheers.) When' that -lay came for the relisation of the poet's dream and the patriot's aspiration, but not till then, it might happen that someone would have even a greater honor than he had now in '.?espondiug to the toast of united Australia. ] (Loud cheers. ) During the evening a programme of national music was carried out. under the direction of Mr. W. J. Jacobs, those contributing items '' being Messrs. P. Healy, J. C. Healy, D. Blithe, J. McDermott, V. Field, E. Bermiug hani, J. H. Lyons, and J. P. Doheny. Mr. Blithe sang Heuzenroeder's ' Australia ' after that toatt had been proposed, and at the close of tliij evening's proceedings Mr. Doheny gave ' God s.ive Ireland,' the company joining in the chorus. SPORTS AT MOUNT GAMBIER. Mount Gp.mbier, March 17. St. Patrick's Day's sports were largely patronised to-day. About 1,000 people attended, though the weather was showery. The maypole dance by the pupils from the Convent school formed an attractive feature of the programme. The results were :— SI. I'atrick's Day Handicap.—.). Marticusen, R. Bond, F. lluller. Twelve started. Hurdles.— L. Grinsham, C. Asbiey, II. Preece. Nine teen competed. Mile Bicycle.— L. Bailey, scratch; II. KiCEelbach, €.0 yards ; II. Wilson, 70 yards. Time, 2 mill. !i3i sec. liafluy came to grief through a collision and broke liis collarbone. llaif-mile Bicycle Race.— L. 'Wilson, A. Morris, H. Kieselbach. Time, 1 min. 10 tec. Two-mile Bicycle.— W. Hirlh, H. Kieselbach, L. Wilson. Eleven competed. Time, fi min. 0 sec. Hibernian Handicap.— J. O'Connor, F. Sluller. A national concert was held in the Institute in the evening, when there was a very large attendance. CONCERT AT PORT ADELAIDE. St. Patrick's Day was celebrated at Port Adelaide with a concert, which, was given in the -. evening in the local Town Hall, in aid of St. Mary's Presbytery fund. There was a large atten dance. A long programme, comprising musical items, dancing, and ventriloquism, was pre sented, the performers being Messrs. J. Smith, Don Eraser, Maddigan, Caiumel), Sullivan, Simpson, Hairy Lyons, Coneybeer, Thompson, Mesdiimea Palmer and Flaherty, and Misses Hugg and Louie Mahar. Cal-'OWie, March 17. — St. Patrick's Day annual sports took place to-day. The weallier was fine and the atten . danco good. The results were as fol iow:— Foot Races. — Sheffield Handicap v — Noblet. Goodes, and Hanuett. Hurdles — Hartwig, Drage, Ryan. Horse Races. — St. I'utrjck's Handicap — _ Sovendale, Larry, Bezique. Pony— Fedora,'Uet, Tom. Hurdles ... —-Surprise, Sunflower. A well-attended con cert concluded the day's proceedings. Every thing passed off successfully. 