RUSSIA is apparently determined to make as much capital out of the present Cretan troubles as is possible. This is no new experience, being sitnply in furtherance of a fixed and. settled policy—to reach the seaboard at a point that will secure a harbor which is not ice-bound during a portion of the year. Whatever terri tory lies in the way will be quietly absorbed—if not now, certainly at a later date—and the object will be achieved, if possible, by peaceable means. Russia’s actions may nearly always be measured by this rule, and past experience will afford a very good guide to future movements. It was this aim that led to the construction of the great Siberian railway, which it is announced will be com pleted to Vladivostock by the Ist July, 1901. This iB the official inten tion, but- it is already known that it cannot be realised, and that it will probably be several years later, before the entire, line is completed. That por tion of the railway which presents the greatest engineering difficulties.has not yet been touched, but it will ba; it is only a question of time. For once the Colossus of the North starts on a pro ject for extending its power and influ ence, it knows no stoppage ; there- may be a temporary delay, but the end is achieved in time. When the line is completed, it will probably mean a great alteration in the European carry ing trade, both of passengers and goods. Travelling by the present routes, the Anglo-Asiatic mail reaches Japan in 28 days via the Canadian- Pacific railway, or 38 days if sent by way of the Suez Canal; when the Siberian railway is completed, it will be possible to forward mail matter to Japan within 14 days of leaving Lon don. For those who care to travel partly overland to Australia, it will reduce the journey by 10 days, and will curtail the time occupied in the transmission of correspondence to that extent. The “ zone ” tariff adopted by Russia will also affect the price of travelling, making a difference in favor of the Siberian route of from £4O to £45. The goods traffic along this line will naturally, it is considered, be confined to expensive articles of commerce, such as furs, gold, silver, and platina, and, though it may largely benefit Russian trade, its construction was doubtless deter mined on for strategic reasons. Evi dently it was. never intended to stop at Vladivostock, an ice-locked port during winter, and the most natural terminus that suggests itself is Port Arthur. It will be remembered that a provincial Governor some months ago announced the intention of Russia to continue the line to the Gulf of Pi chi-li, but after indignant European protests had been made, the declaration was said to have been unauthorised. Probably the latest rumor concerning Cretan affairs is just such a “kite,” flown to as certain the trend of European opinion. The Berlingshe Tidende, an influential Danish journal, states that a compact has been entered into between Russia and Turkey, by which the former under takes to guarantee the integrity of the Ottoman Empire in return for Mount .Athos and. an island in the Mediter ranean Sea. This arrangement would probably suit both parties to it, but in such , a bargain the other European Powers would have to be consulted. The only Islands with harbors such as would be of use as naval stations are Lemnos, 50 miles from and just op-1 posite to the entrance to the Dar- j danelles, and Mitylene, situated just j off the Asian Turkish coast, 70 miles sonth-west of the Dardanelles. Mount Athos, or the Holy Mountain, inhabited solely by monks of the Eastern Church, is another point that might be useful to a power sufficiently i strong to improve it. It is an almost impregnable natural fortress, and could only be attacked by howitzer fire, and as the cliffs rise sheer from the sea the only means of landing is by ropes manipulated by those on land. South west of the peninsula is a deep gulf, wherein a fleet could ride at anchor. A rumor like this is sure to obtain a certain amount of credence in diplo matic circles, for it is so thoroughly in keeping with Russian methods. In all probability much more drastic measures would ere this have been taken with the Sultan but for Russian influence, and that is seldom exerted from altogether disinterested motives. Apparently there is some secret under standing between the Czar and the ] Sultan, and it is as likely to be in the form suggested as in any other. How long will the public put up with the present method of inspecting, or failing to inspect, cattle and meat in tended for human consumption 1 The matter is entirely in their own hands, and until they take some step to let their representatives in Parliament and municipal councils know their desire matters will remain as they are. Surely it cannot be that fathers and mothers are indifferent as to the health of their offspring—content to allow them to introduce into their systems the seeds of disease and death by means of tainted milk or meat? Nearly every day gives the record of cases where impure milk or flesh has been discovered exposed for sale, and still the means taken for combating the evil at its fountain-head, by providing for a skilled inspection of dairy herds and of beasts intended for slaughter, are not insisted upon.. One of the most glaring cases that has been made public for a long time was dealt with at the District Court, Melbourne, on Monday, when three salesmen were charged by the city market inspector with “ having under their control and for sale a carcase of beef diseased with tuberculosis.” ■ Inspector Terry gave evidence as follows : “I examined a oarciso of beef that was hanging up, and seeing that it was very bad with tuberculosis, cut it with a knife. Tho walls of the ribs were eaten right through with the disease, which had gone through the fleshy., portion. When tho hi.lo was taken off the diseaso was on the other side also; it had, in fact, gone through the ribs. Part of tho pleura, which was disoased, had been stripped away. Ths lymphatic glands were a mass of tuberculosis, which was also very bad nbont the kidneys, and when an incision was made the pas ran out.” Mr Johy Robertsoy, superinten dent of the city abattoirs, stated that the disease was so badly developed that it must have been apparent in the animal when it was alive. The lymphatic gland was very nearly as large as a football when he saw it. The existence of the disease on the rib portion- was visiblo to anyone. The softest portion of the pus had beon scooped out in a slovenly man ner. He considered it a case of gross negligence from first to last. The disease was of long standing, and would have been apparent to any butcher. The defence was mainly that the defendants made it a rule nob to* sell meat until it had been passed by Mr Terry, hut this was not allowed by the bench, who imposed a joint fine of £20,-with- costs. It may be admitted that no respectable butcher would have offered for sale such a carcase as that described by the inspector and superintendent of the market, but even in Ballarat it is possible for unwholesome meat to find its--way into consumption. In such matters too great care cannot be taken, and yet local precautions in the interest of public health are wofully inefficient. Our inspector no doubt does his best, but even so there must be large numbers of animals slaughtered which he does not see. What is wanted is that specially And scientifically trained inspectors he ap pointed, with full power to act in the public interest. Carcases intended for human consumption should he regu larly inspected, for it is well known that there are many beasts affected by disease to a sufficient extent to render- their flesh unwhole some as food even though outward signs of the affection are not apparent. Two efforts have been made to rouse the councillors of this district to a sense of their duty, but without effect. It is, therefore, to be hoped that the Board of Public Health will take the matter up. Regret must he felt by. all thinking persons that our municipal representatives fail to recog nise their responsibilities, but it would be wrong to permit the public health to be longer menaced because of coun cillors’neglect. The Federal Convention yesterday entered upon a detailed debate .upon the resolutions drawn up by Mr Barton, as leader of the Con vention, on llie previous day. Sir Goorgo Turner opened the debate by a lengthy ex position of his own views upon general prin ciples, as well as 'hose of his Ministerial col leagues—Mosers Peacock and lauacs. Other prominent delegates followed with interesting ■peechof. ........ ... . .... . . Some time ego Mr E. Mnrphy, M.L.A., presented a petition to the Minister of Lands from aplit'ers and wood-cutters resident nbont Wombat and Barkstead, in the Bullarook forest, complaining as to village Bottlers selected from the unemployed of Melbonrne being sout into the distriot to compete with them on nnevon terms. It was represented that the new-comers were in receipt of State aid, wbilßt tho residents were completely self dependent, and had, moreovor, to pay license foes. Mr Murphy has received an official ex planation that the unemployed sent up to the neighborhood wero morely omployod in clear iag away and burning rubbish, and, as a result of their labor, they did not in any way cmno into competition with resident wood-splitters and cotters; but, on the contrary, would, owing to the nature of their work, fuailitate that of the persons who are permanently settled. “ The petitioners,” tho Secretary for Lauds writes, “ do not make their moaning very cloar, and there is reason to believe thnt they don’t quite understand tho position. They appear to ba under the impression that tha men com plained of are to be a sort of viltuge settlement somewhat similar to a previous one in the distriot, whose members had power to run riot over the timber in the vioinity, and sell snob as they oat, to the manifest disad vantage of the resideot woodcutters, who were restricted .as to tha timber they could cut, and bad to pay license fees. Howovar, the present gang are Bent to the forest to thin ont and burn off rubbish, and generally so improve the forest that the petitioners will find that tha work done will make it easier for them to follow their avoeation of timber-getting after the departure sf the gang. It is a faot that during operations np to date some 30 or 40 tons of sound timber has been ataokad and not burned. This, however, is a small matter, and the wood has not yet been dis posed of. It is trusted that when the resi dent* folly understand that, ao far from the present men. unfairly competing with them, they are clearing the forest to their advan tage, any objection they may now entertain will .ba withdrawn." Mr Mnrphy has also ! received a—later letter from the Conservator of Forests (Mr Perrin), stating that the men employed, who are m“roly clearing for fire break nnrposes, are bain? paid oat of a vote of .£lOOO set apart for the bonefit of the un employed of Melhourua. It is proposed, how ever, to ask for another vote of £2OOO to allow of the employment of local men iu the forests throughout the year. Thehoaringof the charges preferred against F. W. Goldsmith, late secretary to the Balia rat Hospital, was resumed at the City Police Court yestorday. Only throe witnesses wore examined, these being the two members of the finance committoe, Messrs F. C. Downes and W. M. Acheson, and the hon. treasurer, Mr P. Paponhagen. The evidence generally speaking was of a technical character, and the r.ndinnce which had gathered in the expec tation of some exciting incidents, soon dwindled away to very small proportions. Each of the m“mbors of tho finance committ’o was exu mined as to the signing of their initials on certain documents, and though pressed to say whether the lottor3 had been written by themselvos or had been forged, they both declined to do more than express nn opinion. Tho evidencs of the treasurer went to show that bogus pay-sheets had been con cocted, and that tho doonments now purport ing to bo tlio pay-sbeets were not the same as those produced bofore him when ho Bigned the cheques for payment of tho noconnts. Mr Pearson, in answer to the bench, announced that tho remaining witnesses he had to call would not in his opinion take up any con siderable longth of time, although a great deal of course would depend on tboir cross examination. Tho court adjonrnod shortly hoforo 4 o’clock nn f il this morning, when tho evidence of Mr J. A. Chalk, one of the auditors, will bo taken. A report of tile case appears in another column. The question of Methodist union cropped iid last night at the quarterly mooting of the Barkly street Wesleyan Circuit, and members were unanimous in their condemnation of tho action of the recent conference, in overriding the expressed wish of a largo majority nf the members of the church for union with tho minor branches of Methodism which it was propo-ed should take place in 1902. ' The position taken up in support of union by tho. superintendent, of tho -circuit, the Rev. 8. T. Wbhington. was warmly o ‘ramonded by tbnso present last night, and after a lengthy dis cussion a resolution was unanimously carried protosting against tho action of the con ference in refusing to act on tho vote taken amongst t.he various’Mot'nodist Churches, and requesting that »neh steps be taken by the conference in 1898 as shall ensure organic union of the Methodist bodies in 1902. An ex tended report of the discussion appears else where. Tho C'tv Council and the City Board .of Advice will hold a conference at the Pleasant street school to-day, to discuss tho advisa bility of removing the fence enclosing tho Pleasant street reserve. At the Natives’ conference yesterday mat* ters of widely divergent import wero intro duced and discussed. Tho advisability of a Pauper Alion Immigration Restriction Bill was affirmed; but a proposal to invite Mr Chamberlain, tho Colonial Secretary, to visit the colonies was rejected, Mr Kirton charac terising tho suggestion as a pieoe of excossivo and childish adulation. The chief urged in favor of the propnsal w.ir that the cost would be little, as the Colonial Secretary was n miliinnairo. A lengthy dispute ensued as to a motion having for its object the stoppage of art unions by the metropolitan committoe at their annual - fetes w-s discussed at length, and final',y rejected. The Ballarat delegates voted in its favor. It is n note worthy fact that while this motion was under discussion the president read n letter from ths governor of tho Castlemaioe Gaol, inviting the delegates to visit that institution. There was a large attendance at the Minors racecourse yestorday afternoon, to witness a private match between Captain Stanley Lowe’s horse Ton Late and Mr. B-injunta Dowling’s horse Garryowon. The race was run over a distance of three mile.s and a quarter, the owners riding their respective horses. Mr M. Newton officiated as starter, arid Mr. W. - D. Gledhill as judge. Mr Dow ling’s horse went ont a very strong favorite, although a largo amount of ennport was ac corded to Captain Stanley Lowe’s nomination. The two horses kept well together for two miles, lint Girryowen then forged ahead, and eventually won as he liked. The winner car ried 20st Gib, and Too Late ISsfc 51b. Delegates from tho branches of the Austra lian Natives’ Association, atprosont assembled in conference, nro not so imbued with the spirit of progress that they will encourage the ladies to form themselves’into societies similar to th-ir own. A proposal to establish a friondly society for Australian-born women was yesterday negatived by G 1 votes to 52. The arguments against the proposal wore very interesting. Mr J. W. Kirton, M.L.A., although an advooste of woman’s franchise, expressed an opinion that it would be almost impossible to manage a female society. Women, ho said, bad no experience of nncli organisations, and sentiment in favor of such a society was sc ireely ripe. It'was pointed out by other speakers that medical men would not take female Indgos at a less rate than male lodges, and yet lowor foes would have to lie charged for them, while the proportion of sickness would be relatively highor. Anxious to welcome every advancement of the federation movement tho Australian Natives, at their conference yesterday, passed a resolution expressing Satisfaction at tho pro bability of Queensland joining in the Convan tion. The stewards of the Ballarat Miners’ Tnrf Club mot yesterday afternoon to consider the nrotoet ontored by Mr W. Flahive against. Mr J. W. M’Andrew’s horse Bobby being de clared the wirinnr of the Tima Handicap Trot run at the meeting of the club on St. Patrick’s Day. Tho grounds of the protest was that the Imrse had be°n incorrectly nominated. A letter was received from Mr Flahive, in which ho stated that he had found it impos sible to collect sufficient evidence to prove his case. The stewards decided, in the interests nf tho eluh, to postpone the mntter for another week, in ordor that they might see if they could obtain any evidence to throw light upon the affair. A case of typhoid f»ver frem Eureka streot was admitted to. the Hospital yesterday. “The conntry is cursed with too many white-handed natives,” said a speaker at the Natives’ conference yesterday. “It would be better to encourage technical education, and help to produce more highly-skilled artisan’.”. Others bosidos those who join in raising tiie scare that Germany is outvieing Great Britain in skilfulness of workmanship heartily ac corded with the speaker's sentiments. The question at. issue, however, was not one of international competition, but the advisa bility »f granting a sum for ths establishment of a scholarship for primary schools—a matter which wa* - ultimately referred back to the board of directors. An impromptu meeting of citizens was held yesterdav afternoon to take stops to bring the claims of Ballarat for selection as tbo fedoral oapital under the notice of the Public. It was pointed out that Ballarat was tho chief inland city in Australia, was naturally well-favored, bomtiful and salubrious. It was also as centrally situated as any other plnoo which had beon mentioned, and was on the direot railway routo betweon the eastorn capitals and Sentih Australia. As Sydney has already moved, in tho matter it was thought that some notion should at one> be tnkan to voice the claim* of Bnllnrat. Nothing de.finito was, however, de cided upon, it boing understood that whon federation was a little mors arivnneod the mayors of the City and Town would call a public meeting in connection with tho matter. The City Board of Advice will meet to night to devise ways and moans nf enabling the State school childrnn to fitly colubrate the complotion of the GOih year of tho Queen’s feign. ’ < \- . At fh» local preachers’ mooting of tho Bal larat We*t Wesleyan circuit. held at tho Lydinrd street Church on' Monday evening, it was doci'led that a minute be placed on record setting forth the high appreciation of tho local prenchers of tho Bov. R. Philo, whose kindly aid' and Christian sympathy during his minis terial toim in Ballarat lias won the love and esteem of the local preachers. They do.-ire to specially express their sense of his wise and liberal administration of tho circuit in mittors appertaining lo the duties and appointments of tho pro •ohors: also tho assistance given to the younaer brethren by timely advico and solicitude for their welfare. It is tbo sincere prayer of the tacal preachers that the liles-ing of God tnay be with tho Rov. R. Pliiip und Mra Philp iu their now circuit. It was thought tho other day when n load of 14G hags of market tlint tho triaximnm hud been attained, hut this record was bonten yesterday, when Messrs A. M. Greenfield and Ce. had con signed to thorn an imtnonso load of oats from MrT. O. Crichton, comprising 151 bigs, and weighing 12 tom 13 cwt, 2 qr. This pare >1 was also purchased by Mr A. M'Vitty for Mr Jus. Coghlan. Mr A. M. Groonfiold, jun., photo grnphed tho load before it was discharged. Sergeant Boyer in charge of the Ballarat East police station, was yesterday informed that Elijah Hancock, aged 54 years, a miner, had died at his residence in the Main road that morning after a brief illness. On Satur day, 13th March, Constable Austin found the deceased Iving ou the palhway at tho corner of Grenville and Little Bridge streets. The man was under the influence of liquor, and had evidently fallen down, as there was a out on the back of his head.; Austin engaged a oab nod removed tho deceased to the lockup, where a charge of drunkenness was entered against him. Thsman'was not placed in the cell’, ns his two eons appeared at the watoli honse, diid, having gone bail for his appear ance at.the oonrt, were allowed to take oharga of him. Subsequently Dr Champion was called in to attend Hancock, who appeared to be seriously hurt*. The patient made satisfac tory progress for a few days, but erysipelas set in, and he gradually became worse, and died yesterday morning. Mr Geo. King, J.P., during the afternoon held a magisterial en quiry, when evidenoe was given by two wit nesses, who saw the deceased fall and strike liia head against a post. In order that the doaeased shonld not fall into the hands of the police, two of his friends removed him to the corner of Grenville street, and were attending to him when the constable arrived. After hearing the evidence of the doctor, the magistrate recorded a verdict of accidental death, consequent upon tho wound received when the man fell. The deceased leaves a widow aod large family. Residents of Drummond street have been considerably annoyed for some weeks past throngh a peculiarly-bred horse, forcing its wny into their gardens and doing considerable damage to flowers and shrubs. Tho animal generally makes its appearance between 12 and 1 o’clock in the morning. The marriage of Miss Lneie Marks, eldest danghtor of Mr JT. Marka, of 14 Belgravia,” Hnmffray street, to Mr Leopold Casper, jeweller, of Start street, wne solemnised yes terday at “ Belgravia,” Hnmffray street, the residence of tho bride’s paronte. The Rev. I: M. G.ildrcich officiated. After tho ceremony a reception was hold, and was largely at tended. The bride was the recipient of many handsome and useful presonts. There was a blank charge-3hoet at the Town Police Court yesterday. In March, 1557, tho congregation of Ebenez9r Presbytorion Church, Armstrong street, wns first formed, and on Sunday next it will cele brate its fortieth anniversary, when three special services will be hold, to bo followed by a tea and public meeting on Tuesday. A brief historical record of tho past 40 years, showing the rise and progress of the congregation, will be rend at the public meeting, at which it in expected that many old members connected with tho cbnrch in tho fifties will ba present by invitation. Many of tho drapers of the City and Town intend to hold a picnic and sports, at the 'Western Oval on Good Friday. Jeremiah .Dooley, GO years old; of Lai Lai street, yestorday fell off a load of chaff and frr.atured his elbow. Thos. Williams, 1G years old, of Talbot atroet, had hia fingor crashed in a boot prss3 at Messrs OUivor and Stevens’ factory. Albert Robertson, 41, of Inkermann Rtreet, injured his band whilo harnessing a horse; and Thomas Devine, of Hnmffray streot, foil at school, and fractured his collar bone. The sufferers wore attended to at the Hospital. Some constornation was caused to the mem bers of the congregation at St. Stephen’s Church, Clayton street, on Tnosday evening while divine service was being held owing to a large stone being thrown through tho window. The dangerous act is attributed to some of the mischievous boys, whose conduct in the neigh borhood of tho church has frequently been tho cause of complaint. At the meeting of the Ballarat Sparrow Clnb last night it was decided to held tho first com petition, for a handsome trophy presented by Mr J. R. Dyer, on Saturday next. The clnb also decided to hold an Open Handicap Pigeon Match of 20 sovs. on S 'tnrdav, tho 17th April. The match will bo shot off on the club’s ground at Clayton street. Mr A. Emerson Bayly, formerly for many years accountant in tho City of Melbourne Bank, and now of the English, Scot'ish, and Australian Bank, i3 about to retire from that connection, and intends to commence business in this city. It is hie intention to contest the nuditorsbip for the City Council nt the next election. Mr l’ayly’.s expertnoss as an ac countant was well attested hy bis rapid pro motion to tho position which he held in the City Bank in its best days, and considering how widely and favorably known ha his be come through his connection with the two banking institutions, the success which all his frionds heartily wish him in his now badness would appear to bo assured. Yesterday morning a miner named' George Tinworth, 25 yoars of age, gave himself into the custody of Sergeant Biggs in answer to a warrnnt issued some lime ago charging him with deserting fiis wife, • Lavinia Tinworr.li. The man was subsequently brought before Mr \V. M. Acheson, J.P., and reminded to appoar at the City Court on tho 31st inst. Bail was allowed in one surety nf £5O and his own recog nisance of tho same amount. ‘'There hid always been trouble in tho boot trado in the colony,” s-id a speaker at a recent mooting or representatives of tho boot trade. “Thirty years ago ho asked one mail in ihe trade why 20 or 30 of them oonld not combine to work a factory themselves and obviate the evil they oomplainod of. The reply they might not like, bat it was memorable. It was— ‘ Because wo cannot trust one another.’ ‘That strikes right heme.’ ‘That was 30 years ago.’ He did not think tinman, nature, had changed much in 30 years.”. At tho City Police Court yestorday a man of respectable appearance was charged with drunkenness. ■Mr Morrow appeared for the accused, and urged that ho shonld be dis charged as he was in very bad health, and had not proviously offended. The bonch decided to discharge the defendant on his paying 2s Gd for costs incurred. Another man similarly charged was also dismissed with a caution. Messrs Loader, P.M., M'Dona'd, Murray, Bickett, Contis, and S. Morrison presided. Table Talk says:—“There is a movement afoot to promote anew Melbourne morning daily to fight tho Aye. Certain influential people are interested in tho venture, and if further support is forthcoming a company with £100,009 capital will bo formed.” 