The Sydney Morning Herald. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1897. A petition signed by 104,388 Scotchmen has been presented to the Queen against the use of the words " England " and " English," instead of " Britain " and " British." Sir Julian Pauncefote is negotiating for a reci- procity treaty with the United States giving the British West Indies the minimum of the Dingly tariff. The eclipse of the sun coinciding with the Chinese New Year's Day, the Emperor of China has issued an Imperial edict cancelling all the customary new year ceremonies, with a view to " appease his heavenly brother." Archer, the murderer of Mr. William Terriss, was brought up on remand at Bow- street Police Court on Wednesday. When placed in the dock the prisoner alleged that the officials at Holloway prison had drugged him. Mr. Croyden gave evidence that when he dis- charged Archer the latter declared his enmity to Mr. Terris, and exclaimed, " The world will ring with my madness." Russian and French negotiations for a Chinese loan of £6,000,000 to pay off the balance of the war indemnity to Japan, and so to secure the immediate evacuation of Wei-hei-wai by the Japanese, have been suspended, the French demanding that the Bank of France should head the loan. The Russians intended to occupy Wei-hei-wai on the Japanese leaving. Reports from Saigon state that the French have occupied the Island of Hainan, off the coast of China. Lieutenant Cecil Walter Lamb, of No. 1 Com- pany 1st Garrison Division, New South Wales Artillery, has passed in five of the chief classes at the Artillery College, Woolwich. A decree establishing an autonomous form of government in Cuba has been gazetted at Havannah. In Vienna a decree has been gazetted autho- rising the Government to levy taxes during the time for which the Reichsrath stands prorogued. The Porte has promised to shortly pay to Russia £500,000 as arrears of the Russo-Turkish war indemnity. A disastrous conflagration has taken place at Port-au-Prince, West Indies. Eight hundred houses were destroyed and 3000 persons rendered homeless. The fire was followed by a shock of an earth- quake. Arbitration proceedings between Great Britain and Venezuela will commence in February. In the ballot by the members of the Amalga- mated Society of Engineers upon the proposals of the employers' representatives, as placed before the recent conference, 55,000 voted against the employers' proposals, and 1041 in favour of them. There were 42,065 votes against 51 hours per week, and 8551 in favour. Yesterday the cricket match between Victoria and New South Wales was concluded in Mel- bourne, resulting in a victory for the Southern colony by 149 runs. Mr. Kennedy, the selector who wandered from his home in the Wilcannia district on Monday morning, reached a selector's hut on the Darling on Tuesday night in a dreadful condition. He had divested himself of every stitch of clothing, and was terribly scorched by the sun. His re- vovery is doubtful. At Eremeran station, 40 miles from Nymagee, a number of guests assembled on Christmas Day. Ten of the number after dinner were seized with a sudden and violent illness, which was attributed by Dr. Cox to the excessive heat having changed the condition of some of the food before it was eaten. From the Government Statistician's official estimate of the wheat crop of New South Wales it is evident that the harvest will not be far short of 10 million bushels. The complete returns show that the actual area sown under wheat was 1,191,309 acres, being an increase of 16 per cent. over last year's area. It is estimated that the area harvested for grain is 938,251 acres, giving a total yield of 9,745,000 bushels, or an average of about 10½ bushels to the acre. Elsewhere will be found the results of the annual examinations of students in the Faculty of Medicine. At Araluen the Oddfellows' Hall has been destroyed by fire. The Good Templars' regalia and a piano were included in the destruction. As a result of the intense heat at Wentworth yesterday there were two deaths from heat apoplexy. Several other critical cases have been reported. At a meeting of the Chamber of Mines last night, Mr. Alfred de Lissa read a paper on the " Mining Industry and the Principle of the Mining Law." Exceptionally hot weather prevailed in Ade- laide yesterday, and as a result several of the live stock in the Zoological Gardens succumbed to its effects. Up to 9 o'clock yesterday morning the rainfall registered in Queensland showed that the heaviest rains had fallen in the southern and south- western portions of the colony. Later reports showed that rain was falling all over the northern districts in sufficient quantity to ensure the break-up of the severe drought which has prevailed in Northern Queensland for the last couple of years. Business in the Import market was more re- stricted yesterday, very few wholesale transac- tions coming under notice. In breadstuffs alone did anything like activity prevail, several thousands of bags of wheat changing hands. Flour ruled firm at association rates. At Darling Harbour yesterday 558 bales of wool were manifested. 502 bales arrived coast- wise. Yesterday's Customs revenue amounted to £4190. In this colony the year which closes to- day has not been sensational. The characteristic of the period has rather been quiet progress in the principal depart- ments of the life of the community. In domestic politics the course of affairs has been on the whole uneventful. Parlia- ment assembled to pass supplies for the term of the Premier's visit to England, and when the session was resumed in Mr. Reid's absence little progress was made until his return, and not much more then. Indeed there was little to do. As a rule each Parliament undertakes one important duty. Whether it suc- ceeds or fails in this it is unwilling to burden itself with several large ques- tions. The task of this Parliament in the remoulding of our finances is already completed, besides which dissolution is in sight by effluxion of time. The Govern- ment outlined a programme, a number of measures were passod, but there is little to particularise. The de- cision of the Supreme Court in an appeal under the Land Tax Acts invalidated the year's assessments by reason of the machinery clauses not having been obeyed, and it was necessary to pass an amending bill. At the instance of a private member the statutory majority in favour of federation was raised to 80,000. The Legislative Council summarily rejected a Government bill for progressive death duties, and the session closed with the threat of future conflict between the two Houses. In the Assem- bly the Opposition tried conclusions with the Ministry more than once, but unsuccessfully. In the larger field of intercolonial rela- tions the year deserves notice for the federal campaign. In all the Australian colonies except Queensland delegates were elected by popular vote to form a Conven- tion to draw up a federal constitution. In New South Wales the election of dele- gates excited much public interest. Mr. Edmund Barton was returned at the head of the poll by a notable majority, and his associates were in all but two cases men prominent in political life. At Ade- laide, where the Convention met, Mr. Barton was chosen to lead the House. The Convention while working on the Sydney Bill of 1891 produced a new draft, which was remitted to a second meeting of the Convention at Sydney, the Adelaide meeting being adjourned to allow of the Premiers attending the Jubilee in London. Further consideration was given to the bill at Sydney, and the Convention adjourned to Melbourne next month, it being promised that Queens- land would be represented. This, however, will not be the case. Though the financial machinery and the question of State rights remain in contention, the high ability of the Con- vention and its earnest desire to further federation promise to yield an acceptable bill. In midyear an event of historic interest was celebrated, the Queen having com- pleted the sixtieth year of her reign. The colony was represented in London by the Premier, at the invitation of the British Government, and, among the honours distributed on this occasion, Mr. Reid, with the other visiting Premiers, was created a Privy Councillor. The defence force of the colony was repre- sented by detachments of our mounted troops, who made an excellent impression. The event was also marked by a local commemoration. The matter of further provision for the alleviation, the cure, or the care of consumptives had been dis- cussed earlier in the year, and the project of establishing homes in suitable localities for patients in the several stages of illness was warmly taken up. Turning to the producing interests of the country, the year 1897 has been not unfavourable. As in the previous year, meteorological changes were marked. The year came in with severe heat, and winter began early. The rainfall was irregular, but it generally came in time to be of good service. Pastoral matters assumed a brighter aspect. Though losses in stock had been heavy, consequent on dry spells in 1896, and though the early lambing this year showed a low rate of increase, still the season was im- proving, and the price of wool gave much encouragement. It now appears that the shortage in the clip is less than was estimated, though it was large enough to affect railway traffic and lessen the amount of wages and earnings circulating in the country. Agri- culture has made rapid strides during the year. Not far short of a million acres were under wheat this season in New South Wales, and the area would have been still larger but for dry weather, which prevented ploughing in some dis- tricts. Drought made its influence felt long after sowing, but here again rain came in good season, and with an average of ten bushels to the acre this colony for the first time raises enough wheat for home consumption and seed, and yields an ex- portable surplus of some 300,000 bushels. Wheat-growing is extending, not only in Riverina, where as in recent years immigrants from South Australia and Victoria are prominent, but in the north- west. In another important branch of agriculture, dairy-farming, a steady advance has to be recorded. In mining matters it may turn out that the year, compared with last, has been less favourable, the reason being the want of water. The returns of gold for the year are not yet available, so that the foregoing is but an estimate. In- dustrially the last twelve months are satisfactory. There has been no labour dispute of consequence, except that at Lucknow, near Orange. Labour, save as to a few trades still depressed in the towns and as to occupations affected by drought in the country, has been fairly employed. Touching the business interests of the community so closely as the rail- ways do, this seems the place to record the premature and regretted death of Mr. Eddy, Chief Railway Commissioner. He was succeeded by Mr. Oliver, and Mr. Kirkcaldie joined the Commissioners. The administration of this great service con- tinues to be excellent. Also of interest in this connection is the result of the visit of Colonel Home, an Indian officer, retained to report upon the prospects of irrigation in this colony. These prospects, accord- ing to the Indian critic, are not bright. In keeping with the quiet character of its political and commercial interests what may be loosely called the social life of the community has not been remarkable. In our criminal record only one notable case stands out, and that really belongs to the previous year. In 1897 the man Butler was received in the colony, tried for the dreadful murders of Captain Lee Weller and Mr. Preston, and after some exhibi- tions the criminal was executed, and so a chapter of hideous crime was closed. Two crimes as yet unravelled are the robberies of treasure aboard the steamers Oceana and Taiyuan in Australian waters. The only other feature in the legal record of the year is the activity of the Divorce Court—a painful feature. The tale of disasters is fortunately short. A fire in the underground workings at Broken Hill was soon got under with little loss of life. Fires of some magnitude have injured important towns like Narrabri and Berri- gan. There has been no great disaster by wreck or railway accident, by flood or fire. The obituary for the year is not extensive. Besides Mr. Eddy the colony has lost Sir William Windeyer, who had shortly before resigned his Puisne Judgeship, and Mr. Joseph Mitchell, a man prominently identified with the iron industry; among old colo- nists, Mr. G. A. Lloyd, M.L.C., Mr. J. T. Neale, Captain C. Smith, Mr. Lord, Mr. G. Renwick, and others; among ecclesias- tics Canon Kemmis, Canon King, and Dean Sheridan. Few changes of importance in the public service or in high office have to be noticed. Sir Saul Samuel, so long the Agent-General for this colony, retires ; his successor is not yet nominated. Another important change is the retirement of the Admiral and his flagship. In social events Government House has witnessed the marriage of one of Lord Hampden's daughters. It is long since such an event occurred here, and the marriage of Miss Brand to Captain Ferguson was quite a festival. In music we have had, as usual, the visit of several excellent vocalists or instrumentalists, Madame Amy Sherwin among the former, Mr. Mark Hambourg and Miss Stanley Hall among the latter. Matters dramatic have not been unusually stirring, but the enter- prise of Messrs. Williamson and Mus- grove and other managers has given Sydney playgoers opportunities, which they gladly took, of seeing plays and players of much merit. The American contingent has not been prominent this year. In art, the two societies held their exhibitions, the first award under the Wynne bequest was made, and by the liberality of Miss Eadith Walker arrangements are going forward for sending a representative collection of Australian paintings to be exhibited in London next summer. In the domain of sport the colony took the first honours in intercolonial cricket last season, and the visit of Mr. Stoddart's second English team has created remarkable public inte- rest in the game and its players. We have also had in England this year rowing, swimming, and cycling represen- tatives, of whom Cavill and Towns ac- quitted themselves well. By an interesting coincidence it has happened this year that just as the results of the University examina- tions are acquainting us with the successes of several lady medical students, some of them in qualifying for degrees, the directors of the Sydney Hos- pital have been considering applications from lady doctors for appointment as medical officers. The students have reached the qualification to which their attainments entitle them, while the Hospital has rejected the applications of the lady candidates. Putting the case just in this way it seems to embody a para- dox of the most contradictory kind ; for it may be asked, what is the good of train- ing and certifying lady doctors, at the price of considerable outlay and study to themselves, if their services are not to be utilised in public institutions ? But the Sydney Hospital has a ready answer to this question, and one which disposes effectually of the paradoxical element in the situation. It is understood that three applications from lady doc- tors were received, with nine from male candidates. The fact that a candidate is also a lady does not entitle her to preferential treatment, the only claim of the sort being the one based on superiority of qualification. The directors are said to have adopted this test, with the result that three candidates of each sex were excluded and six medical men chosen for the vacant posts. There seems little to object to in this so far as it goes. All that women who compete with men in any walk of life can claim is the privilege of a fair field and no favour, and if this condition of competition be infringed obviously the whole case for the opening of the pro- fessions to women falls to the ground. But the women who are making a really earnest bid for admission to these walks of life do not tender any such absurd claim, and the lady doctors at least have proved their bona fides by courage- ously entering on the study of their pro- fession, and acquiring their qualification in the regular way. A great amount of loose argument and wild rhetoric has been indulged in by advocates on both sides of the ques- tion regarding the emancipation of women, but it may be admitted without demur that if the argu- ments in favour have weight under any circumstances it must be in respect of the medical profession. Those of us who have least sympathy with the hysterics of the emancipated female are ready to grant so much. There is abundant reason in the mere fitness of things alone why the greater number of women's ailments should be attended to by qualified medical women. There must be hundreds of females of all ages whose natural modesty has every claim to be considered in so important a matter as that of health and physical well-being, and there is no reason whatever why the advice and treatment of which they may stand in need should not be obtainable at least as efficiently if not more so from qualified women as from qualified men. The course of training is the same, the teachers are the same, the text- books, ex- periments, studies, and novitiatory expe- riences are the same. If these are con- sidered sufficient to qualify young men to take the care of the health and lives of men and women into their keeping, surely it is reasonable that women qualified by the same means should be entrusted with the care of members of their own sex at any rate. The primal responsibility in this matter lay with the medical University authorities here and elsewhere. If there is any reason why the degrees should be withheld from women, they should have been so withheld. By conferring medical degrees the authorities say in effect that women have as much right as well as title to practise as men, and the full responsibilities of the declaration must be accepted unless these authorities would court the charge of having broken faith with the public. It may be assumed that we have ad- vanced beyond this stage of the question. With lady doctors qualifying and prac- tising in Sydney it may be taken for granted that the solution has worked itself out. Probably not half a dozen husbands and fathers out of every hun- dred in the community would hesitate for a moment in confiding the care of their wives' or daughters' health to a qualified woman instead of to a qualified man, and the line of action adopted by the majority would be dictated by an ele- mentary natural instinct. Of course there will always be cases where the services of the specially skilled surgeon or of the specialist will be called in, irre- spective of whether the holder of this qualification is a male or female prac- titioner, and probably there is much in the contention that this kind of special eminence will be found more often among men than among women. Medical observers themselves say that men have greater cerebral variability, and therefore more originality, while women have greater stability, and therefore more experimental common sense. But this only helps to prove the superior adaptableness of women to deal with those cases of maternity and feminine complaints which most commonly require the doctor's attendance. The truth of all this is so obvious as to need no demon- stration. It has been said, indeed, that some women prefer the at- tention of men doctors to that of women doctors, and various reasons are alleged for the preference. So far as they were based on the superior qualifica- tions and training of men when the medical profession was but imperfectly open to women there is something in this line of argument, but modern pro- gress has removed that reproach. It should be an object always kept in view to guarantee to women who prefer to be treated by women doctors the same train- ing and qualification in their medical ad- visers as they would have if they preferred to be treated by men. The University standard supplies the one, and our hospitals have a part to play in ensuring the other. There are women's wards in the hospitals where women doctors could get the necessary experience, even if they are not admitted as medical officers like the two ladies who stood the test so bravely in Melbourne. The Danish Government is evidently disposed to sell its West Indian proper- ties. It is in the fortunate position of having had offers from two European Powers, and it is now trying to get a bid from the United States. In fact a bill is to be submitted to the Senate directing the United States Government to purchase the Danish possessions. The case is rather interesting, because it may force to some extent the hands of the Washington Cabinet. The people of the United States strongly re- sent the mere idea that a European Power should make a formal settlement on any part of the continent. At the same time there is a large section of the public that objects to the annexation of tropical islands with their negro populations. The American Government has cer- tainly looked with favour on the proposal to annex Hawaii ; it resists on the other hand all the arguments that have been put before it in favour of occupying Cuba. It is, in fact, re- luctant to move. While, on the one hand, it inveighs against the notion of European Powers taking part in the affairs even of South America, it hesitates to take any direct responsibility. But the question seems to be brought to a fair issue that ought to be easily understood. If the Americans pay the purchase money, they will be forced to annex a few islands, whether the policy of territorial expan- sion is popular or not. If they refuse to pay the price, the small territories will be handed over to some European Power, which will thus obtain a footing in American waters. The colonies have, doubtless, ceased to bring any profit to Denmark. One of their principal industries is sugar-growing, and what trade they have is probably done with other nations. But a more aggressive Govern- ment might discern possibilities in the islands of which the Danes never dreamt. It will be interesting to watch the finan- cial negotiations of the United States and the two European Powers with the Danish Government. This little matter of a sale of property may raise great issues. The article which appeared in our issue of yesterday, by our Special Com- missioner, on the Sydney chiffonnier is calculated to destroy an illusion, whilst it increases the impression of a stern reality. It seems that there are no fortunes to be made in this precarious business—or, is it a profession ?—now-a- days ; but, on the other hand, it is tolerably apparent that we go about the bestowal of our refuse in a somewhat crude manner. We have heard much of late, especially in connection with recent visits of prominent officials connected with the City Council to Europe, of improved methods of destroying the refuse and garbage of great cities ; but so far, at any rate, except by the officials themselves, little seems to have been done. We throw down in a more or less unscientific manner the surplus odds and ends that each day accumulate about the highways and byways of the town, with results that cannot be very pleasant or healthy to the neighbourhood which is adjacent to the corporation tip. Accord- ing to the graphic account of our com- missioner it would seem that there are many more distinct odours about this part of Moore Park than Coleridge detected at Cologne. It may be, of course, that these olfactory affronts are not really dangerous ; but they are at least undesirable on other grounds. They serve to make a considerable part of a public reserve a very undesirable place for the public, and the space devoted to the corporation tip is a sort of forbidden ground to the public. But, apart from this nuisance, it does seem that the time has arrived when some generally approved systematisation of the methods for destroying rubbish should be adopted. It may be that the poor chiffonnier will have to go in that event, but according to our article his does not seem a very profitable occupation at the best, and the probability is that a new order of affairs would not leave him much the worse. But in any case, the subject is too important to the health of the community for sentimental reasons to have weight. We have had many elaborate reports and inquiries on this head. For a change, action might be acceptable. THE MINISTER FOR WORKS.—The Minister for Works, Mr. J. H. Young, has arranged to leave Sydney on a fortnight's tour of his electorate. He is to speak at Taree on Wednesday evening, and on following days at nearly a dozen other centres in the Manning district. He hopes to make the final speech of the trip at Laurieton on the 15th, and to get back to Sydney on the 18th, Mr. Young's desire being to return in time to assist in the departmental work of the Ministers, Messrs. Carruthers, Reid, and Brunker, who will have to leave for the Federal Convention about that date. THE GEORGE-STREET TRAMWAY.—Step by step the work of constructing the George- street electric tramway is being put in hand. Another large tender, that of Messrs J. Stewart and Co., for £12,600, for the construction of the oarhouse, was accepted yesterday. The opening of this and other tenders was announced on the previous day. The various contracts are being let in such a way as to ensure the whole of the work being com- pleted at about the same time, thus avoiding any more inconvenience to the public than is abso- lutely necessary. IRRIGATION ON THE MURRUMBIDGEE.—There is a large tract of country on the south bank of the Murrumbidgee between Narrandera and Hay which it has been known for some years past is well adapted for irrigation under a system of canalisation. A scheme for this purpose was elaborated several years ago by Mr. McKinney, the engineer-in-chief for water conservation, and the levels were taken to enable a contour map of the country to be made. On this contour map a system of canals was based. Roughly speaking, the tract of country to be served by this scheme is embraced in the triangle formed by the three towns of Narrandera, Hay, and Jeriderie. It was the only scheme for which Colonel Home ex- pressed any liking, and he reported that it was one which might be taken in hand as an experi- ment. The Minister for Works has now authorised an estimate to be prepared of the cost of this scheme, which includes a weir on the Murrum- bidgee and a system of about half a dozen main canals with numerous branches. It is impossible at present to say how much the complete scheme would cost. It would probably be a very large sum, but the idea would be to make a start with only a portion of it—what is known as the Tubbe branch of the main canal. This would start from the Murrumbidgee at Narrandera, joining the river again about one-third of the way down to Hay. When Mr. Young is in possession of an estimate of the cost of the work and the consequent annual interest charge he will consult the land- holders who would be beneficially affected to find out whether they are prepared to pay a sum suffi- cient to guarantee the Government reasonable interest on the outlay. When a definite scale of payments is submitted to the landholders they will be in a position to say whether it is worth their while to fall in with the proposal or not. In many seasons, Mr. Young points out, they will not require the water at all, and it will be for them to consider whether it will be better for them to pay a reasonable sum each year in order to ensure themselves against heavy loss in droughty seasons. If the work reaches the stage of being carried out it will be done under the Water Rights Act. THE BENNETT DIVORCE CASE.—This suit was brought to a conclusion yesterday. On the pre- vious evening the jurors had found unanimously that Dr. Bennett had not been guilty of adultery with Eva Richards, who was at once dismissed from the suit. This morning they found by a majority of nine to three that there was not suffi- cient evidence to warrant them in finding that Mrs. Bennett was guilty of adultery with the co- respondent, and by 10 to 2 they determined that the charge of cruelty against Dr. Bennett had not been made out. Petitioner was ordered to pay the costs of the suit, but upon an application being made for the costs of the co-respondent his Honor said his present impression was that he would allow him no costs whatever, and he was also inclined to think that he had power to order him to pay Dr. Bennett's costs. That, however, was a matter which he would carefully consider. On the findings his Honor dismissed both suits, and thanked the jurors for the close attention they had given to the case. THE RAILWAY WOOL RETURNS.—Since the pre- sent wool season opened on July 1 six months have now nearly passed, and a comparison of the railway traffic in wool during this period as com- pared with the same portion of last year shows a shortage for this season of 43,000 bales. As the average rate on the railways for a bale of wool is about 10s, this means a loss to the department of slightly over £21,000. There is also to be con- sidered the loss of the corresponding return stores and the money not spent owing to the smaller returns to the squatters. Up to date for the pre- sent season the total wool traffic on the railways has been 518,000 bales, as against 561,000 bales for the same period last year. Of this total 396,000 bales came to Darling Harbour. CHRISTMAS RAILWAY TRAFFIC.—The returns of the passenger traffic on the railways during the Christmas holidays are satisfactory. The reports received by the Railway Commissioners show that the work of handling the passenger traffic, which is always very heavy at this season of the year, has gone on very smoothly. The change in the time of starting the Melbourne express from 5.15 p.m. to 7.15 p.m. has proved to be a great con- venience not only to the passengers, but also to the railway officials at the Redfern station, as the work is now more evenly distributed, the hour from 5 to 6 being very busy with local traffic. The early trains on the day before Christmas appreciably relieved the pressure of the traffic in the evening, some of the early trains carrying about 400 passengers. The usual excursion train to the South at 5.15 p.m. carried 391 passengers, the 5.30 p.m. train to Illawarra 362, and the 5.25 p.m. train to the Mountains 382. The relief trains also carried big loads. The trains running at a late hour on Christmas Eve carried large numbers, the figures being—to the South 239, to Illawarra 172, to the West 322, and to the North 218\. The passenger traffic on Christmas Eve and Boxing Day was heavier than last year. THE WEATHER.—Heavy rain set in yesterday in the western division of the colony, and the prospects are improving for a pretty general downpour within a few days. At Bourke nearly an inch and a half had fallen up to 6 o'clock last night ; Louth had 70 points, and the welcome change had extended east- wards as far as Cobar, where they had over three- quarters of an inch. The 9 a.m. reports to-day are expected to give rain over a large area of the western part of the colony. Very good news also comes from Queensland where it is stated rain has fallen in sufficient quantity to amount to a break up of the drought in some sections if the colony. In New South Wales the temperatures yesterday were high in the west and south-west. At Deniliquin 110· in the shade was recorded ; Hillston, 104· ; Hay, 104· ; Wentworth 105· ; Wilcannia, 104·. At Sydney 80· was the maximum for the day. The probability of rain falling in Sydney to-morrow is less assured than appeared to be the case on Wednesday. The low pressure which has brought rain into the west is apparently moving slowly across the country. THE MAIL STEAMERS.—The Mariposa, with the San Francisco mail on board, left Auckland yes- terday at 10 a.m., and is expected to arrive here on Monday morning. Mr. Julius Mergell, manager of the German mail line, writes to say that the departure of the Konigin Louise from Sydney has been postponed from January 26 until January 29 ; also, that according to the new time- table the N.G.L. steamer which should leave here on May 18 next will be despatched one week earlier, viz., on May 11, and thenceforth a steamer will sail every four weeks. RAISING THE PRINCESS.—The task of raising the Princess, which sank on Monday near the wharf of the North Shore Ferry Company through a collision with the Cammeray, was successfully accomplished yesterday, the operations being carried out by Messrs. Sheehy and Sons. The whole work occupied some hours. Whilst the boat was actually being raised immense crowds were present. A large number of people paid to go on to the North Shore Company's wharf in the hope, doubtless, of obtaining a good view of the operations, the crowd at length reaching such dimensions that it was deemed necessary to send for the police in order to relieve the pressure on one side of the floating pier. There was, ap- parently, an opinion that the people could be ordered off ; but the police did not feel justified in adopting that course. Some felt that having paid their money they had a right to be there, and there they remained. Others went across in the ferry and returned, and yet others left the wharf without taking the trip. The probability is that those who waited till the boat was really raised were disappointed, for she was towed away without having been drawn right out of the water. She was lifted only, it is estimated, about 10ft., so that her deck was not to be seen. TRADE WITH CHINA.—The following is an extract from a letter addressed by Mr. J. A. Philp to the Board of Exports :—" I have a pro- found conviction, strengthened by the opinions of others with whom I have conversed, that whether the present disturbed condition of matters in China culminates in war or otherwise, the days of Chi- nese isolation are numbered, and that the vast actualities of commerce in that country, to say nothing of the latent potentialities which will be made fecund by the interior of the country coming into touch with Western nations, will result in a tremendous increase in the volume of external trade. The western seaboard of North America and the eastern seaboard of Australia are advan- taged over other countries by their geographical position with regard to the Chinese Empire, and the first people who are sufficiently awake to the possibilities of the position will be the first to be benefited. As a means to advertising the capabili- ties of New South Wales amongst the commercial and official classes in China, I am desirous of suggesting to your board the advisability of draw- ing up a report on the various commodities— meats, coal, wool, horses, &c.;—which we could supply, together with full information regarding freights, commercial rules, names of firms who could supply, and, in fact, all the other informa- tion regarding the colony which it is necessary should be known." RABBITS ABOUT HAY.—The rabbit inspector at Hay, reporting for the month to the Minister for Lands, states that the owners in his district are doing what they can to cope with the rabbit pest, poison being the chief remedy, and on the whole the work is being well done. As the result of the drought and the heat the settlers are using poisoned water with good effect, and the drought has also prevented the usual great increase after the breeding season. A CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR CONTINGENT.—To-day the large party of members of the Christian Endeavour Society in Victoria are expected to arrive by the A.U.S.N. Company's steamer Barcoo. The vessel was specially engaged to bring on the party from Melbourne, and exten- sive arrangements have been made by the local bodies to accord the Victorians a hearty welcome. The steamer passed Green Cape yesterday between 2 and 3 o'clock in the afternoon, so that she should arrive here at about that hour to-day. A PECULIAR RAILWAY ACCIDENT.—Mr. P. H. Robilliard, a conveyancer, who resides at Parra- matta, was admitted to the Sydney Hospital on Wednesday morning, suffering from a fracture of his right arm. It was explained to the hospital authorities that the man had met with a mishap whilst he was travelling on the railway from Parramatta to Sydney. He was seated at a window of his compartment, and his right elbow was protruding, when a funeral train on the down journey passed. It was alleged that an open door of the funeral train struck Mr. Robilliard's arm and caused the injury. A WOMAN ASSAULTED.—Last night Mrs. Fanny Higgins, who resides in Crown-lane, Ultimo, was struck with a knife and received a severe wound on the face. She was taken to Sydney Hospital, where 14 stitches had to be put into the cut which resulted from the assault. DROWNED WHILE IN A FIT.—About noon yes- terday Mr. Frederick Bruce Graham, part pro- prietor of the " Warren Herald," while standing on the jetty on the eastern side of Farm Cove, was seen to fall into the water. An alarm was raised, and Arthur Cavill, son of the proprietor of the baths, jumped in after Mr. Graham and brought him to the surface. He was quickly brought to land, and the police report that he was immediately attended to by Dr. Jarvie Hood and two doctors from the warships who were near by at the time. He, however, expired in a few minutes, the medical gentlemen being of opinion that death was due to fits. Deceased had been staying at the Metropolitan Hotel for six weeks, and during the last few days had complained of being unwell. SUICIDE AT BANKSTOWN.—A magisterial inquiry was held at Bankstown on Wednesday touching the death of Thomas Edward Ellis, who was found drowned in a tank at Bankstown on Tues- day. William Ellis, bootmaker, of Sydney, de- posed to deceased being his father. He was 50 years of age, and witness last saw him alive about a month previously. Witness identified the writing found on deceased as being that of his father, who had not lived with his wife and family for two years. The letter referred to was as follows :—" Mr. Challenger. Monday night. I am going to drown myself in the well. Tired of life and misery and solitude. Please hand over the key and what you have to my son, 633 George-street, Sydney ; and send the box to the railway station to be for- warded to Mrs. Crean, Albany, W.A., and send letter to my son. Good-bye.—T. E. ELLIS. Dec. 27, '97." The letter was in pencil, and enclosed in an envelope. The tank contained 7ft. of water, and the boards had been par- tially removed. The P.M. (Mr. T. E. MacNevin) found that the deceased died from suffocation, caused by drowning himself, and added that in his opinion intemporate habits indirectly con- tributed to his death. THE FIRE IN HUNTER-STREET.—Yesterday afternoon the City Coroner initiated an inquest into the origin of the fire at No. 29 Hunter-street, which occurred early on Wednesday morning. The jury was empannelled, and as soon as the scene of the fire had been viewed the inquest was adjourned till Wednesday next. ANOTHER INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION.—An- other invitation to take part in an international exhibition has reached the Government through the Secretary of State for the Colonies (say the Melbourne " Age "). This time America is holding the show, which will take place at Omaha, Nebraska, from June 1 to November 1, 1898, under the title of the Trans-Mississippi and International Exhibition. It will represent par- ticularly the products of soil and mines, art and manufactures, of the 24 States and territories west of the Mississippi River, an area of great fertility and immense resources, with a surface of 2,720,345 square miles and a population of 16,000,000, but it will also be patronised by all the States in the Union and by the general Government of the United States. All nations are invited to participate in this exhibition, to the end that by friendly rivalry and mutual inter- course the commercial relationship and general prosperity of all may be increased. The corpora- tion extends a cordial invitation to Great Britain and its dependencies to participate. By Act of Congress articles imported for the exhibition will be admitted duty free. An illustrated pamphlet issued by the corporation shows that the under- taking is designed on an elaborate and compre- hensive scale. The Secretary of State suggests that steps should be taken to make the invitation generally known in the colony, and it is published accordingly for the information of producers and manufacturers. Those who propose sending ex- hibits may obtain detailed directions at the Pre- mier's offices for their personal guidance. There is no intention on the part of the Government to arrange for any official representation at this exhibition. We have received a number of other letters upon " Alcohol, its Use and Abuse," including contribu- tions from Mr. G. C. Johnson, Petersham, Miss Lucy Hartshorne, W.C.T.U. Headquarters, Phillip- street ; Mr. J. H. Brodie ; and Mr. F. ?vill, general secretary of the U.L.V.A. ; J. S. ? ; but we have no space at present for further corres- pondence on this subject. From Marchant's City Printing Press Office, 385-7 George-street, we have received some beautiful specimens of New Year cards, including F?er's black and white and Angus Thomas's hand-painted cards. Messrs. W. C. Penfold and Co., letterpress and lithographic printers, of 183 Pitt-street, has for- warded a wall calendar and neat pocket calendars in various designs for 1898. We have received from the Alliance Assurance Companies, marine and fire, their wall calendar for 1898\. The calendar is forwarded by the Australian Branch, 97 Pitt-street. We have also received a sheet calendar from the same office. We have received the third number of " Pro- gress," an illustrated journal devoted to the record of facts concerning the growth, progress, and history of Australasia. This number contains the ?st of a series of articles upon "New Suburbs of Sydney," and deals with " Waroonga and Turramurra." Both the letterpress and the illustrations are credit- able. Mr. George Collingridge, of Hornsby Junc- tion, is the publisher. We have received from Mr. John Sands his useful monthly diary for January, 1898. A large audience assembled in the Campbell-street Lecture Hall, Balmain, on Wednesday evening last, when a recital of Dickens's " Christmas Carol " was given by Mr. Percy Monkley. A boy named William Patrick Abery was standing on some railings outside his parents' residence in Greek-street, Glebe, last evening, when he fell to the ground and received a fracture of his right arm. Christmas Day at Thirlmere House was celebrated with the usual good cheer, consisting of fowl, ham, plum pudding, wine, beer, fruit, confections, and tobacco. The dining-room was tastefully decorated with Christmas bush, ferns, mobiles, and Chinese lanterns. 