THE MERCURY. BOBABT: TUESDAY. DM. 14, M~. m ^ j EPITOME QFr NEWS. I Another fire at Zeehan yesterday. House belonging to Railway Department destroyed. Children's entertainment at the Synod-hall this evening. Entries for Zeehan Racing Club's meeting close to-morrow. Summoned meeting of Southern Star Lodge, order of Oddfellows, this evening. Brownell Bros, premises will be open for business on Wednesday afternoon next. Friends'High School annus! exhibition and report this afternoon. The best crops in the South this season are to be seen np Broadmarsh way. Derwent and Tamar Assurance Co. an- nounce a dividend of Is 6d.,now uaj able. , Nubeena, s.s, rons trip to all Channri ports to morrow, returning on Thursday. Customs returns for week ending December 11 :-Hobart. £4,078 Is. 3d.; Launceston, -3,214 15s. 7d. G. P. Fitzgerald & Oo.'s warehouse in Collins-street will remain open on Saturdry next until 10 o'clock at night. Tamar Rowing Club has sont a crow to Melbourne to compete in intercolonial rowing races. Reports from the drier districts show that the crops are going off badly, and the short- ness of water is an additional trouble. Tenders invited for efficient Band for ex- cursion to Fort Arthur, per e.v. Manapouri, Boxing Day. ¡southern Star Lodge, I.O.O.F, invite appliquons for position of medical offioers for 1898. The Flying Jordans electrified Hobart patrons last evening by their astounding!? marvellous entertainment ' Hobart City Council met yesterday. " Ke-i cently-eleeted aldermen took their nats, and the new Mayor waa Installed. Committee« wen appo-.ted and Munal tandan opened. The business of the Hobart City Council is now so arranged by amalgamation that the committees have been reduced la number ' from 10 to 8. i Italian political crisis scotched, not killed. . Sydney Millers' Association ha« fixed price of new whest at 4s., and flour at £11. John Loughborough Pearson, R.A., eccle- siastical architect, is dead. £¿¿&th; announced of the mother of the United States President. i Melbourne wool pricci steady, and compe- tition keen. Federated Employers blame Socialists for causing the prosent labour strike Germany hoe annexed 400 square miles of Chinese territory. ' Coach robbery in Transvaal. £12,000 worth of gold stolon. Demolition of three top stories of Fink's buildings, Melbourne will cost £756, Victorian public steadily tight shy of .Credit Foncier bonds. Daleetv A Co. Limited sold Tasmanian wools yesterday in Molbourne at satisfactory prices. Miller, of Chicago, has won long distance cycling match at New York, covering 2,093 miles. ! Ninety-five per cent, of the Amalgamated Engineers have rejected Employers proposals for ending the strike. ; Operative Cotton Spinner« aiding the Amalgamated Engineers by loan of ¿10,000 and a weekly levy for strike pay. 1 M. Borchgrevink is fitting out a steamer at Christiania, in Norway, for Antarctic ex- ploration. During heavy weather between Sydney and Wellington seaman named Manson was fatally injured on board the s a. Miowera. Reported settlement of Niger dispute be- tween England and France ii premature, although the way has been cleareA for com- promise. Stranding of the i.s. Fitrroy attributed to a serong eccentric current, ailting from con- tinued bad weather, carrying ber out of her course. Married man at Redfern fired three re- volver shots at his wife on Saturday. Eai h one took effect, and tbe woman is In a pre- carious condition! French commercial men urging Premier to abandon sugar bounties. Great Britain likely also to impose countervailing duties if bounties are maintained. General Sir W. Lochkart intimates to rebel Afridis '.bat he will not withdraw his forces until his terms of peace have been complied with. Mr. Rose-Innes thinks Cape Colony had better give the Imperial Admiralty £25,000 a year rather than fulfil thelpromise of present- ing a first-class battle ship, as proposed in July last New .-louth Wales Premier rarans to put to a direct issue the reform of Legislative Council, which, if not accepted by that body, will be followed by a dissolution and appeal to the country. TREUE is, perhaps, no more difficult question to decide in n satisfactory manner than tbat of the interference of the Government in the conduct of an indi'8try. There is, too, no sub- ject on which there are so many delusions, and such an extraordinary moss of what we may call mis- information.1 The usual argument when the subject is mooted is, "Look at what France does," "See how Germany encourages industries," varied with frequent appeals to what is called the enlightened policy of Victoria, which colony ' is assumed to have accom pushed wonders in the way of estab- lishing industries. The fallacy con-] sists in taking the desire for the fact. There can be no doubt that the Governments referred to all haye a nish to promote industry as far as possible, but they are not singular in this respect, as the desire of all Governments, especially that of Great Britain, is to promote and encourage industry as much as they possibly ran. There are persons in Great Britain, even at this time, who think that a big duty on wheat would be a fine thing for agriculture and the cunntry, but all practical politicians declare that the proposal cannot be so mu6h as discussed. On all sides and from all sorts of persons we have proposals to encourage industries, but the trouble is to decide whether they can be encouraged in the ways pro- posed, and, indeed, whether a Govern- ment can do much for industries after all. Those who are familiar with the works of the French writers on indus- trial affairs, know that Government interference is regarded as a serinusevil, and the fact is demonstrated over and over again that what the Government tries to do is the very thing that it is not able to accomplish. Recently the rise in the price of bread has caused a host of projects to be put forwaid to prevent the rise in the market price of wheat, but they have all proved vain, and have only helped to in- tensify the evil which they were intended to prevent. In Germany a desperate effort was made by law to prevent speculation in wheat, on the 'plea that it was that which caused the increased prices, but the fact was soon discovered that speculation could not be prevented, and that so fur from its being the cause of high prices, it was the only means by which great fluctuations in prices could be prevented. The numerous pamph- lets written on this subject by learned Germans, several of which were widely circulated in England, remain as monuments of wonderfully false reasoning, and do, in fact, establish the conclusions of the political-economists, which they were intended to disprove. Lord ROSEBERY, in the course of a speech recently delivered in the Free Trade' Hall, Manchester, said that the commercial results of Free Trade are absolutely unmistakable. He showed that in the 50 years between 1846 and 1896 the total imports had risen from £76,000,000 to £441,808,000, or an increase of £365,000,000, or 481 per cent. The total exports in 1846 were £74,000,000, but in 1896 they had risen to £296,370,000, or an increase of £222,250,000, or at the rate of 300 per cent. As Lord ROSEBERY said, under the policy of Free Trade " the road to Empire haa marched with seven-league boot«," and he insists on the conclusion that the very best thing that can be done in the interests of commerce, and consequently of in dustry, is to let it alone. Other nations, it is true, do not see this, they hold on firmly to the doctrine of Pro- tection, but, then, they have no results to show like those of Great Britain, and it is curious to note that France declares that ber butter trade, which is coddled and protected as much as it can be, is being ruined by the superior character of the Danish products. From this we must conclude that jf Government supervision has made the Danish trade, it has not made that of France, which leads to the inference that it may not be the Government interference which has done the good in any case. And, so far as the butter trade is concerned, this seems to be borne out by what is going on in Victoria at the present time. There is a Bill before the Legislative Council of that colony called the Exported Products Bill, which gives the Government power to classify and brand all exported butter, the belief being that» the Government brand will be accepted in London as a guaranty of the quality of the article. iThe experta, declare; that it will not) be so accepted. They say that the London buyers will tart the quality for themselves, and that they will net accept any butter merely because it has a Government brand upon it. They say that certain private brands are recognised in the market and will continue to be, and that no Government brand can make any difference to them. Moreover, there ¡s a strong objection to one man, for that is what is really meant, having the control of theexports of butter, so that be may grade them, brand them, and do with them as he pleases. The Dairymen's Association has passed a resolution, to the effect that the Bill will prove disastrous, and will stop the further progress of the dairying industry. The Council of the Chamber of Commerce has adopted a petition against the bill, on the ground that it will interfere with the profitable export of butter, as it will prevent people doing their own business in their own way. The legis- lation is further declared to be of an experimental character, which it most certainly is, but the chief ground of objection is that the Govermcnt cannot do the business so well as private persons, who have their agents at home, and who make their own arrangements with the shipping companiei. It is instructive to note that in New South Wales the Dairying; Associations have made a firm stand againstGovern ment interference, which has been proposed several times by those busy persons who always wish to meddle in other persons' affairs. These associa- tions, and others, have shown such forcible arguments against the pro- posal for Government grading that it has been virtually abandoned in Vic- toria, and no one now ventures to propose it in New South Wales. A striking fact is brought out by the manager of the N.S.W. Creamery Butter Co., Ltd., who refers to the fact that it is everywhere admitted that duriug the last year the N.S.W. butter has greatly improved, while that of Victoria has not advanced in à corresponding degree. As this admission was made by the Vic- torian MINISTER OK AGRICULTURE, the natural conclusion is reached that he has really thrown his own case away, as he admits that the dairymen there get on very well without any assistance from the Government. The writer already referred to says :-" In New South Wales we have never had assistance from the Government in any , shape or form. The industry has been entirely built up on its own bottom, | and if under these circumstances we have achieved such success, it is evi- dent that no Government assistance is necessary." The Wew South Wales butter goes through the ordinary commercial channels, and as the prices obtained are as high as those for Victorian butter,' he' ríátur ally concludes that a Govern- ment brand is of no value. Indeed, the whole of the evidence goes to show that no Government, in these colonies at all events, can do better for the producers than they can do for themselves, while it is possible for a Government to do much barm, and cause much trouble. WK have received some particulars of the survey work now being carried on for the Great Western Railway Co., and we learn that at the Rosebery end a very difficult task has been under- taken. The country is covered with what is here called myrtle, bimera, and cutting-grass, which renders the dis- covery of a practicable route a work of very great difficulty, besides which there have been heavy rains, so that the track is knee-deep in mud. We under- stand that the surveyor iu charge, Mr. W. Dully, has good hope of finding a practicable route, but thero are numerous difficulties to be overcome, and great patience and perseverance are required. There _ aie now three parties out ; one making its way from Rosebery towards Gormanston, which it is ex- pected will be served by tho line ; another is encamped at a place called Garnsworthy's huts, which will make its way towards the King William Range ; and a third is proceeding from Mount Humboldt. From the particu- lars which have reached us, it appears that neither the Government nor the Emu Bay Railway Co. will be able to extend its line from Rosebery to Lyell, us the country is too mountainous and abrupt, and there is not room enough in the plateau on which Read, Dundas, Tyndall, and the Dora country are situate to enable either to succeed. This is the opinion of an expert. The Great Western survey has turned Mount Dundnb, and is going up the country known as the Henty Gorge to the Tyndall country, and it will occupy the only possible line of country by which to get to Mount Lyell, If this be the correct state of the cose, and the opinion comes from a very trustworthy source, there need bo no further trouble as to the carrying of a line to Lyell by the Government or the Emu Bay Co., as the onlv available route is already occupied. The second burvey party, in charge of Mr. Griffith, has a choice of carrying the survey over clear, bold country along the1 foot-hills of Mount Tyndall, alongside a surveyed track on the w extern side of the Tyndall country, and so on to tho Sedgwick Gap. It may, however, bo decided to take a north- eastern line through the gap at the head of the Tyndall range, and into the Dora country along the Swan and King Valley on to Lyell. Should the line be carried along the western Bide of Tyndall a branch line of 5 or 6 miles between the end of Tyndall and Sedg- wick will sprve the best of the Dora country. Mount Read is said to bo too high for the standard line to reach, and will have to be served on the tramway system initiated by the Government. It appears thnt from Rosebery to Mount Read, that is, from tho end of the tram way to the Read plateau, a height of 2,000 feet bas to bo reached, awl that with agrado of 1 in 40 means a line of over 14 miles in length to make/ On the 30th November, we leam, three burvcyor« left Zeehan forMountReadon behalf of the Emu Bay Railway Com- pany, with the intention of exploring the country to Lyell. This seems to show that the Emu Bay Company has still some hope of getting its Lyell branch, about which there is, however, a great deal to be said. Indeed, the Great Western Railway Co. seems to be already in occupation of the only avail- able route, that is, if the information which has been supplied to us is correct, about which we have no doubt. The country from Rosebery to Lyell fully bears out the description of it that has been given, bo far as the difficulties to be encountered go. ENGLISH MAILS.-The homeward bound mat s, whiuh lull Taatmula on the 8th ultimo, nrrived In London on the 10 h inst, by the R. M S. Oruba. They wore duo on the loth idem, NAIUKIC PUOVIDBS TONICS. - SAJWAVRA» Tomo is aiiionK iho very best., t Ii promotes npppllti-, digestion, and lones/'Uie systcoi Ki'iiuuilly, it (A Invhluabla/Mf you reel rundown. Iry a liotlle. One practical test is what we auk. AKIC for GOULV'H BASS AT HAS TON io. at. (d. per bottlu ; 3 bottle», 7s. if. T. GOULD * Co., Hommouuttiic Chemists, 78, KUsabeth-stroet; Hobart. "1'latypua Eucalyptus Oil U the | TESTAMENTARY.--Tho following probates and letters of administration bave been issued:- Probates-Elisabeth Whitfeld to Ernest Whitfeld, £845; Mary Aun Smith to Christopher Horatio Smith, Charles Albert Smith, and Man Ann Smitth £172; Ann Lewis to Samuel William Weitbroi k, '? £1471 Edward Harvey to Emily Louisa Harvey, £50. Letters of Administration James Mackay to Christina Talbot, £331 ; Rlizabeth Patience Hope to Andrew Hope, £421. SÜPBEMK COURT.-Tho Chief Justice (Sir Lambert Dobson) and Mr. Justice Adams will preside at the Criminal Sittings, to be commenced to-day. Iho following is tho list of oases to bu dealt with :-Mervyn Lockley, indecent assault ; Joseph Cracknell, larceny of aohequo ; George Phillips, assault with intent ; Abel Carlson, wnunding with intent ; William Lingard, Edward Phillips, and Franoia Priest, breaking and entering ; William Vincent Fitzgerald, perjury ; John Horne and Fredenok Williams, sheep killing with intent to steal ; Cecil Smith, broukinrç and entering. L'ODBT OF KBQDBSTS.-The following oases were heard before Mr. Commissioner Shaw at the Court of Requests yesterday :-Hogan v. Hogan, claim £10, ter detention of ohaise cart, Mr. L. Dobson (Messrs. Dobson, Mitohell ¡c Allport) for the plaintiff, and Mr. V?. W. Perkins (Messrs. Perkins * Dear) forthe defendant. Plaintiff was non-raited. Hanson v. Carter, olaim £8 6a., commlnslon for purchase of certain pripsity. Mr.iD. H Crisp -for plaintiff, and Mr. White (Messrs. Hoggin« and White) for the defendant i Judgment was given far plaintiff for the full amoont. CITY fowcg Cooivr.--At the City l'olioe Court yesterday forenoon, before the Mayor (Alderman U. Hiddlcstone) and Aldennan Wm. Smith, J. P., a first offender was charged with having been drunk and dis- orderly in Bathurtt- strent on tho 12th lnst. He pleaded guilty. The Mayor oautioned defendant to be more oareful In the future, and advised him to keep away from the drink, lest It'should be his ruin. This was hil first offence, and the Mayor hoped it would be his last. Defendant wai then discharged. Tim Aoitn UNKMI'LOYBR. - Mr. John Bradley, M. H.A., pm-lded at a meeting of the Unemployed Kellt f Commltteo laet evening at the Towu-hall rooms. Mr. Crisp, M.H.A., Messrs K. J. Paton, J. Paton, W. 0. Woods (bon. sec), and others were also pn geut. J he Secretary presented the Mew ZealanJ Labour Depart- ment's annual report, containing full parti- culars of the State farm experiment, also the Old Age Pensioos Hill as introduced in the House of Roproeentauvct, A letter waa read from the Democratic. League offering assistance ia holdiug publia meetings, aud promising co-operation with the committie in any way likely to prove benrQolal to the unemployed. The Chairman reported what had taken place in Parliament in regard to the voto for relief work*, and »pressed the opinion that Ministers would withhold assistance to the aged men unless specifically inttrdoted In tho matter by the HOUBH. It was resolved that a deputation wait upon the Ministry with a view lo urging the claims of the un- employed, and to take whatever steps seemed neoesaery to give publicity to tho inadequaoy of the provisions made for relief works dur- ing the rentes, It was generally agreed that an adjournment of tho llouso in older to ventilate tho queBllon should be moved during the week, and the deputation was instructed to suggest to the Ministry the advisability of using a portion of Derwent park as a" Sute Kami, whereon the aged men could grow produce for the supply of Government institution« and for public sale. DONATION TO THE TASMANIAN MUSEOS». -On the arrival of H M. ships at Hobart during the soaaon, th» Taam .ulan Museum collection is greatly added to by gifts from the aaptains and officer', who alt seem to take a kindly interest in the institution. On Sunday, H.M.S. rVngnin, Captain M. Field, R.N., arrived from a long surveying orutse, Although very little opportunity waa afforded to the gallant officers to do much in the way of natural history work, still the Tasmanian Museum was not forgotten. The navigating lieutenant. Lieut. A. J. Waugh, who has on several occasions been a valuable contributor, paid a visit to the Museum yesterday, and presented an in- teresting collection of birds' eggs obtained from Sydney Island, of the Phoenix Group, 1,300 miles from Fiji. Also a number of ethnological specimens from the Ellioo Islands, and some Solomon Island native money. Dr. Langford, of the Penguin, hue also added to the collection, by presenting lorne photos, of natives, depicting the tattooing practised by them. ADVICK TO Tint YOUNO -At the Central School yesterday afternoon Hon. H, Dobson addressed the pupils. He said they of oonrae knew tint life was divided into work and play, and that playtime was approach- ing in the shape of holiday«. Probably a number of them would be going up the mountain, and he wanted them not to destroy the shrubs, plants, and flowers there, but to help the Tourist Association in pro- tecting the beauty spots. He said, Borne years ago milestones were put all the way up the mountain, but boys, to amuse them- selves, threw stones at ihem till thoy had been completely disfigured, and in two Ínstanos? mischievous lads bad broken the milestones in two. Last summer someone lighted fires in alose proximity to the inn and ohuroh, which were built of wood, and had not a party of Sydney people put out the blaze serious d&migo; might have been done Last year half the Bower was de- stroyed through the negligence of eu moon o leaving a fire alight, which they ha j made there to boil the " billy." Of course there were laws to fall back upon, but he did not wish anyone to bo cnmpolled to put them in force. In order to impress upon the ohildreo the necessity of the beauty spots boing pro- tected, and the reason why they should be, it bad been deoided to offer two prizes in each sahool for the best essay on the aub jeal, and one handsome prize for the beet essay of the whole number. Mr. Dobson also referred to the praoiico of some people allowing their doga to plunge into the water st the Waterworks, little thinking that that was the water thoy and their neighbours had to drink. QUARTKIUY INSPECTION OF ARTILLERY".! The Soutborn 'tasmanian Artillery Corpa fell in at the Drillyard at 7.30 last evening, in review order, under tho command of Lieut - Colonel Evans and Papt. C. Lewis, Liouts Forrest, Parker, Wnlch, with Qr.-Mastrr C. R. Atkins, and Brigade-Surgeon E. J. Crouch. 'J he (harrison Bind, under Band- master Hopkin?, provided the muelo for the march past, and during the exercises of the oorpa plnyed sovernl selections in the band room. At 8 o'clock the Commandant, Col. Cox, C.B., was received with the usual salute, and Lieut. T H. Parker was called to the front and put the corps through the manual and firing exercises. After this the two companies matched paît ab the saluting flag. Beside the Commandant there was present Capt. H. I. Rooke (Paymaster Laun- ceston Rifle Regiment). After the march past tho companies grounded arms and were cold off into detaohmenta with the field guns, dismounting and mounting in very äuiok time (25aeca.), when the repository etaohmenta parbuckled a gun by ikids up the side and slewed same into position on its carriage. Seventy members were pro lent. Col. Evans also put a squad through the «word exerolsea. The Commandant before leaving the yard expressed to Col. Evans the great pleasure he had in auoh a creditable inspection, showing that the officers and uunuere had made the most of their time at the drills during the year, and he hoped to-y would be very much increased in numbera during the incoming year, Orden were read that the members of the corps would give to the public next Monday, at 8 o'clock, a free entertainment, consisting of physical drill, sword exercise, club swinging, and other military aporta. The band w\\\\\ perform selections during the evening» . SiLtst night over 800 spectators attended Hhe ' inspection, and the interest taken lo the different manoeuvres was very marked. The oorps, headed by the band, proceeded through the principal streets, and dismissed st the Foat Office at the quinal time. "" i | Mr. SOUNDY'« Establishment remains open To-morrow (Wednesday) Afternoon. > Ready made Clothing:-Mr. SOUNDY, _lixabetp ?treat, hu made extensive preperatioM doinga big business in the clothing trade this Xmas. The firm of clothing manufac- turera in London that Mr. SOUNDY has dodo business ' with for a number of years, ara noted for their finish, shape, etc. One has only to inspect the various garments to 1)8 convinced of this. Many of the medium and better clue j garments are quite equal to bespoke goods Take boys' Sailor, Norfolk, or Tunic ¡-ultu. A wide range to select from commençais wi'h a boy's tweed sailor at 3/11, and a sturdy tweed sailor, known as the sand suit, at 4/9 Sailor suits can be bad in various makes of serge, aorgottea, and tweeds. Anothorauit for boys of school, ago is tho Rugby, In various material», from 11/6, com- prising jacket, vest/and'knickers. In men's suits there is a big selection, a strong tweed suit, well put together, for 16/6, and a noted serge suit in «rays and brown«, .splendidly cut and finished, for 30/. Men's tweadftrwMri, hundreds of palra to select fro_.iThi sumsnir twe> 1 (ruusers «¿4/6 are worth,» spaa-I visit provides a refined daily berat«« ÇortherobauL I CoLOORFO IMMIGRATION.-Tbe Premier (Sir Rdward Braddon) state« that no action I will be taken by the Tasmanian Government with reference to the question oí coloured immigration until tho bill before the New South Wale« Parliament has born dealt with. COLONIAL MINIMKBS AS DIKKCTORS. -The city editor of. The Times has not hesitated in the ¡mus of Hovembor i tore iterate hi« protest '. sgaiiiht tliotoo frequent aooeptance by officials occupying high Governmental positions ia tho oolonics of directorships on the boards of local in- dustrial or commercial undertakings " Ho proceeds to state, Buys the Argun, the ressoni for bis protest io language whioh onnnot bo misunderstood, ¿cularing that the publia aro deluded into believing that the undertaking has the support of the aolonUl Government, and that the practice lias a distinct tendency to injure tho position of the colonial officials who accept positions on boards. The Tinta olty editor is perfectly right, and, perhaps, duriug the boom Eoiiod nothing waa moro derogatory to tho onour ol the colonies than the eagerness with whioh Agents . General aooeptcd directorships on concerns whioh afterwards failed disastrously, and the unblushing effrontery displayed by mushroom institu- tion« in advertising that they were bunkers of such or «uoh a colonial Government, Evidently The Ttmsi intends to fight against a revival of til« paralelóos practice of the names of colonial Ministers and other Government oiliciuli beiog employed to decoy the unwary. 'I he paragraph closes with the tallowing sentence :-" It is most desirable that the member« of the colonial Governments should all nbstain from putting themselves in positions where their oonduot will be open to suspioion, oven where they act with the best intrutione, and whore they will frequently have to face a confliot of duty." TASMANIAN» ABROAD.-The West Aus- tralian of November 29 give« «n account of a 25-mlle bloycle road raun, ran ander the auspice« of the Metropolitan Bicycle Club, Perth, for wbioh there viere IS starters. It 1« stated that the road was in a veiy bad oonditlon for racing, and also that a Ta». maulan, In the perjon of Mr. B. J. Whelan (a eon of the well-known Clerk of Market« of this city), was the viotor. Mr. Whelan bia been lo Perth for about 16 months, and only of lal o has be takon to tbe bike. The olTiclal actuil riding time was lb. 271mln., which, With 17imln. time allowance, enabled the Tasmanian represen- tative to win easily from start to finish. Another Tasmanian, Mi. H. almonds (son of Mr. Geo, Simondt, of Robert« & Co ), alto started, bat had the misfortune-when hold- ing second placo flvo miles from home-to puncture, thus losing all ohanoo of a plac«. IMPORTANT TO PoRoiiAStns roon THE COUNTRY.-The Hobart Commercial Associa- tion, which represents nearly the whole of the retail mercantile community of this city, anoounoes in our advertising columns to- day that'the various'rotuli establishments will remain open for business the whole day on eaoh of the two Wednesday« between this and Christmas. Members of the association, and retailers generally, are also Invited to meet at the Imperial next Mon- day, to decide upon what holidays shall bo observed at Mew Year time. ' DBBWENT ANO TAMAR ASSURANCE CO - The annual general mooting of this company was held st their office, Murray-street, at,1; 12' o'clock yesterday (13th ¡net.). There waa a good attendance of share- holders, Mr. Charles E. Waloh, tho chair- man of direotors, being in the chair. The report and accounts for October 31 last was received and adopted. A dividend of Is. 6d per share was dealared, and is now payable. The retiring direotors, Mcssrr. Ca. J. Salier and J. G. MrGrogor, wero rneleotod, and Meier». H. L. Roberta and H. F. Bourne, the retiring auditors, were also re-elected, The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the directors, the manager, and to the other officors of tbe oompany. TRIAL OF REAPERS AND BINDERS,- A meeting of the committee and others in- terested in the proposed trial of reapers and binders took place at the Commercial Hotol, Richmond, on Saturday, 11th ¡net. There waa a fairly good attendance. Mr. W. C. Simmons, who wa« voted to tbo chair, expressed the pleasure felt at seeing so desirable a move in the farming interests as a trial of reaper« and bindera undoubtedly must be. At a previous meeting a com- mittee- had been appointed to arrange pre- liminaries. The report of that committee waa now submitted, showing that a suitable field of wheat had been secured from Mr. 0. Kill« on the Carrington estate, and that a fairly good response had been made in the way of subscription« to defray expanses, and «nggoitlng that the trial should take plsoe on Saturday, the ISth inst. Tho report was unanimously adopted. The «obednle of prizes was then fixed, also the roles for the trial. The secretary was instructed to invite the botelkeepors to tender for the right to supply visitors with refreshment« on the ground, and on the whole everything points to a successful issue. Doubtless many will attend to note tho improvement« In the now maahlnoa ovor thu old, while agents and experts will also have oppor- tunity of udvanoing tho popularity of the mtohine they represent. AMERICAN APPLES IN LIVERPOOL. " Frenoh Crab " writes ;-" I Bee by tho Amsrican Agriculturist of November 6 that Rood American apples at this very early date, when European apples should be at their best, were bringing record prices in Liverpool. It says:-'Since the date of our exhaustive report ou the apple crop the fruit has heen going into regular obannels at a rapid rate. Ino genoral fooling of con- fidence in tho market continues nnabut-d, and the firm prices of all the market« aro well «untainod. Late cables from Liverpool quote best pippina 5'4UdoI. to 7'50dol. per burrel.' As the barrel holds about 2} bushels this means 10s. to 12s. per bushel, whioh is abuudaut roason for Covent-gsrdcn buying to fill all mailboat space, and good evidence that .England would take, at splendid prices, any amount of our apples if boats wero provided to carry them." SCHOOLMASTERS' CRICKET MATCHES.-The cricketing team of school teachers from New South Wales will play thoir first mat-oh of their planned out tour against the pick of the Victorian teachers on the 30th and 31at inst, at Melbourne, Thoy will then cross the Straits and play againib tho Northern branoh of tho Civil Servico of Tasmania, Later on tiley will meet the Southern brauch. Thoir final match will bo against the oombined strength of those Tasmanian State teachers who handle the' willow, and it behoves the looal players to get as much pmctioc as possible, as many of the visitors have a colonial reputation. There is not much time left botweon this and the second weir in January in which to got a team properly organised, which has never played together before. Tho maators of Hobart ero pushing on all the I necessary preliminary arrangements for tho entertainment of the visitors. Tua PHILHARMONIC SoaiETT.-The third subscription conoert of the Philharmonio Soolety will take place this evening in the Hobart Town-hall, iho uonuert will com- prise the first part of Handel's The Utstiah, Mendelssohn's Hymn of Praise (Lobgeaang), and the prelude to act 3 of Wagner's Dil Usitternngsr. The solo vocalists will be Miss N. abbott, Mis« f>. Perkins, Miss Chancellor, Mis« Barolay ; Mr. H. M. Stein bach, and Mr. Spencer Browne!!. Mr. Arundel Orobard will aot a« conductor. BENEFIT CONCERT.-YI s terday evening a complimentary benefit ' ooncert, tendered to Mr. Malcolm Johnston, who has. aoted «a muiloal director at a «erie« of oonoerts, wa« given In the Temperanoe-hall before a moderite house. A j strong counter attraction probably militated against a foil attendance. Song«, whioh found evi- dent favour with tbe audience, were ren- dered by Misses B. Pearson, Marie and B. Robertson, E. ti innis ter, and Messrs. H. H. and G. Cook, O. Crosby, C. E. Grahame, and E. Macnamara, A clever exhibition of olub-swiuging wa« given by Mr. C. Chaffey ; a ploeolo solo,".'li Steooato," wa« played by Master Harold Sheen. ¡The duties of eocom Sanist Ware discharged by Mr. Malcolm obnston. HOLY TRINITY MISSION.-A Christmas fair and eritertalnnieh«, in aid of the building fand of the Holy ITrieity Miaiion-roovf, will be held in the Church- street lohoolroom on Thursday evening, A musical programme will be submitted, and a number of other amusement« are also 'promised,' GUINEA GOLD CIOAIIBTTX3.-Messrs. J. Frosaard A Co., of Sydney write, ander date May 9 :-" To-dny's mail bring« us Information from Messrs, Tho«, Ogden Limited, Liverpool (England)j that their ' Guinea Gold ' Cigarettes obtained à medal | and diploma of honour at the Brussels In- ternational Exhibition, which i« just now drawing to a oonoluiion." VISITORS' EXCURSION.- The Huon is an- nounced to make a epecial visitors' trip to- morrow afternoon to Brown's River, and on Thursday to Franklin and the Hartz Mouu tain«. Full particulars appear In our advertisement columns. WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON.-BEST ft Co. Will be open To-morrow (Wednesday) After- noon until 6 o'clock, and on Wednesday, the 22nd December, ontll 0 o'clock. All other night« we ara open until 9, Saturday» 10.80 K\\- Bim * Co., MO, 147, aadtl4t\ Btka* 