BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS |R0M MKLUOUHNF. I'Al'RllS. I TONnnv.iVnvnmW 1ft ' Nows is to hand of. morn fighting and sorioua British losses in AfghnniHtnh. A lnrgo forco, ohiofly composed of Znkha-_ khels nnd Akakhels, attacked Colonel Kompstor's Brigade whilst crossing the Than River near IClmml v A mrtv nf Sikhs hold the heights, but tho Ghurkas took refuge from tho fiorco fire of tho onoiny. Tho Afridis from Snranstcr sttnoked n party of Sikhs on Monday, and' dosporate hand-to-hand fighting ensued, tho Sikhs showing groat gallantry, killing sixty of tho enemy in one bsyonot chnrgo. Tho Thirty-sixth Sikhs kopt to gether, and retired down tho Pass, fightirig until darkness set in. Tho enemy were found to bo holding four houses blocking the pass, nnd tho Sikhs irindn a rush and drove them out at tho point of tho bnyonot.. A detachment of the Dorsetshire Rifles became separated from the main body, and lost their way. Tho cnomy were atill watching, and. observing the positinn of the Rifles, rushed - down on them, nnd, overwhelming them, killed thirteen after despnrnto fighting whioh: lasted many hours. Captain Lowarno and Lieutenants HnloB, Crooko, nnd Wylio und twonty-five privates woro killed, in addition to which many were wounded. Tho onomy lost very heavily during tlio encountor. Mr Bnrncs, the secretary nf. tho Amal gamated Engineers' Association, considers it probable that the cmiforonca , will end tho strugglo in a fortnight. The look-out committeo bos intiihatcd that the 48 hours' domnnd is essential, and the workers must abolish seotional trades union fights, and arrange a national organisation on similar lines til the omploycm. Tho Sulton of Tiiekoy hns complied with all tho domnnds made hy Austria.. Tho officinls, Valiadana and Nutossarir, have been dismissed for excelling liri Austrian Agont ; the port of Mersina baa saluted tlio Austrian flag; the Austrian Agont, Bnzza Folli, has buon compensated for the indignity ; and £250,000 nns bdon paid on account of tho Austria-Oriental railway dispute. Lord Wolseloy, - Commaridof-in-Chiuf- of tho British Army, recommends the Go vernment to adhere to tho voluntary military service. ' The Conservative Union Conforenco hns passed a. resolution congratulating Mr. Cooil Rhodes on tho opening of the rail- way to Bulnwnyo, and has thanked tho Government for denouncing tho ' German and Belgian treaties. Tho eonforcnee recommondcd legislation for tho control of alien immigration. Tho Governor of Newfoundland has cancelled nil the acting appointments mndo by tho ox-Promicr, Sir William Whitewny, prior to his vacating office. The Cuban scheme of autonomy pro vides for a popularly elected Chamber; controlling the oustoma, finance, and the publio service. The Govornor will have oxccutivo priwor, but Spain will retain international control. ' , Sir Wilfrid Lauriov, Premior of Canada, hna boon viaiting Washington with tho ubjeet of arranging reciprocal trodo, but, his efforts have ended without any practical resul's. The Wost Indian Sugar Commission will shortly ro-assemhlo, to consider further questions propounded by Mr J. Chamberlain, in connection, with the sugar industry. Tho letters and papers found on tho rebel chief Said Akbars, who mis recently arrested, include dooumonts implicating several Afghan ofiloials. A train conveying a> number of raco- horscs waa dorailed at Luffonham, in India, when one waa killed and several injured, but none of thoso injured were fnvoritios. Wheat has deolined 6d per quarter ainco last week. Tho quantity visible east of tho Rookies is estimated at 48,062,000 bushels, compared with 44,919,000 bushels a week ago. The Went Australian Treasury bills offofed to tho publio have been placed at an averago of £101. The quotation for bar silver to-day was 2s 2jd per oz standard. November 19. 'The Gorman troops who have been stationed at Crete liavo beon withdrawn. Sir Wilfred Laurier, Premier of Canada, who has juat returned from a visit to Washington, is -now consulting /his colleagues relative to the American reciprocal trade proposals. He will not consent to an interference with the trade relatione with Great Britain, and hopes to settle in a satisfactory manner all. those cauBes of irritation troubling Canadian exporters to America. ,It ia reported from Constantinople that Russia having objeoted to Colonel Sohaeffer of Laxembourg as Governor of Crete,, his candidature for the position has beon wlthdrawan. Mr Sellloks has been appointed obair- raan of the representatives for the employees at the conferenoe to be held at Leeds next week to discuss the diffi culties in the, engineering trade. He has also been 1 empowered to select the remaining representatives who will meet the mastora' delegations. . The Germans who rooently seoured a naval station at Kiaoohu, in China, have started the erection of barraoks for tho accommodation of troops. Further details as to the obtaining of the station by tho , Germans show that the place- waa seized by force.. A German squadron made its appearance off Kiaoohu and landed 600 men, who seized the hill commanding tho camp, the telegraph station, and the "magazine. Tho Ohinrae Admiral was ordered to evaouate the harbor or surrender to the Germans, and ha he was 'without ammunition be" waa compelled to retire. The Germans had chartered two ' (teamen at. Bhangbu to oonvey itoras and other .material; to Kiaochu; Serious complications are likely to arise, as undor the Cassini Convention China is cnmpallod to hand over tlio harbor to Ruinin.whon required to 'do so, and it is not likely Russia will .consont to ltd ocoupfitioti liy Germany. President Krugor now permits tlio miners to import thoir own dynamitn, instead of compelling them to purcliaso it fr<"J tho company holding tho monopoly. Tho huttor market remains unchanged, Danish lioing quoted " nt 98 kronor nor owt. . . . g ' . Cheese ia vory .flat, ' ' Rabbits are quoted at 9d. . An afternoim's spurt in aid of St James' Church, Rnilton, will be hold at Flowery Marah to-morrow, when twclvo events will be ilocided. . The chief itums havo filled, well;' and tho 'hnndiaips will bo found in nnotlior column. The aports will commence at 12.30, and a sooinl will bo held in East's Hall in tha-ovoning. . — , Fur Mtiiimiation o/ rtadif nvittcr tee 