THE AGED POOR LABORS OF THE COMMISSION. SCHEME OF. RELIEF. A VERY. INTEREST ING REPORT. NEW TAXES PROPOSED. PENSIONS AND HOMES. The following report of the Old Age Ten sion Commission will be brought up for adoption ut the next meeting of the commis sion, lo be held on 24th inst.: — In accordance with the terms of your Ex cellency's commission, issued by letters pa tent, dated 20th Ainrch, 1897, empowering 11s to innko inquiry nnd report ns to the de sirability of provision being made by or under the control of tho State for the main tenance of tho aged poor, either by pension, insurance, or some other mode of relief, and ns lo the best method ot securing such pro vision, wo have made a thorough. investiga tion into the question, and from the general tenor of the evidence it is apparent that the present modes of relief are inadequate, and that legislation is urgently required for the purpose of .establishing some now sys tem capable of ministering to the needs of the various grades of Hie aged poor. On one point the witnesses were practically unanimous — that, in tlie relief granted, the pauperising nnd degrading clement should ns far as possible bo eliminated, nnd the self- respect of tho recipient jn'eserved; also, that the inhuman separation of man and wife in old age should be prevented. Before the inquiry had proceeded far wo were impressed with tlie glaring injustice inflicted upon the aged and destitute, against whom there is no allegation of crime, of being charged under the Police Offences Act with having 110 lawful visible means of support, and sent to gaol. A pro gress report dealing with this phase of tho question wns submitted to your Excellency on 1st July last. THE EXTENT OF THE DIFFICULTY TO BE DEALT WITH. At the very outset wo were impressed with' the magnitude and complexity of tho question. The evidence elicited deepened this feeling. It is not so much a disease as the symptom of a disease which has its roots deep down -in social, industrial and politi cal conditions. It embraces the whole labor question in its sweep, and any complete and final remedy must deal with and eradicate -the causes that produce the evil. It is one of the open sores of Christendom, and the palliatives of political expediency must give way to the drastic panaceas of resolute statesmanship. In its last analysis it is simply a question of justice. Man is more than wealth, aud the whole question should he determined by this. A thousand consi derations proclaim the folly and danger of delay. This is a young country, und to post pone notion until we approximate to old countries in population, mid in the environ ment which depresses men to the lowest level, would intensify the, evil, iind render reform more difficult. The ideal is to afford equitable aid without weakening the indi vidual initiative, or impairing the Anglo- Saxon characteristics of self-respect and manly independence. Tho work house and tlie penalising of poverty form tho dark background which brings into bright re lief the private beneficence and organised charity of to-day. But the social and in dustrial evolution lias brought in its train new responsibilities. The.. national con- I scieiicc has been pricked, nnd it is recog nised that Hie ethics of tliis question make clear tho obligation of the State to ensure thut the worn-out wealth-creating human machines who have contributed to its de velopment nnd enrichment shall receive the menus of subsistence and comfort. CONDITIONS OF THE COLONY. It is scarcely fair, perhaps, to institute a comparison between this colony and the United Kingdom and continental countries, where the extremes of wealth and want exist, and where wages are lower and tlie hours of labor are longer. The volume of extreme poverty is not so largo hero, and the improved conditions which prevailed in Hie pro-boom period were more conducive to provident Jiubits. Thnt the peojile made good use of their opportunities is demon strated in a striking manner by the records of tlie Savings Banks, benefit societies and life assurance institutions, tho deposits iu which have increased at a greater ratio than the population. This mndc the unex ampled stress of the last few years less se vere than it would otherwise have been. But, notwithstanding this fact, it is only too true thnt the ugly features of distress which 'disfigure thu old world have becu repro duced here. The "liowcrs ot wood aud drawers of water," the hapless many, live perilously near tlie verge of pauperism. Many of the greybeards who have borne the heat and burden of the day have to face grim, gaunt wuut in the evening of life, whilst many more live a hand-to-mouth existence. This is more tho result of want of work and insufficient remuneration than mere thriftlcssnoss. PROBABLE NUArBEll TO BE ASSISTED. From a return furnished by the Govern ment statist it nppcars'thnt the number of persons over, the ages of 60 and 05 years are 83,421 and 49,912 respectively. Of this number it is estimated tjjut there are about 10,090 persons over 60 years of age in poor circumstances, and many of them arc in need of relief. Tlio large majority have, however, some present moans of subsis tence, 11s is evidenced by the fact that, on 30th June, 1895, tho total number of in mates of both sexes in charitable institu tions, aged 00 years and upwards, was 2619, and those of those ages receiving relief from benevolent societies are estimated to bu about 1100. This gives a total of those over 60' years of age' receiving charitable relief of 3719. Tlie known cases of starvation are .of rave occurrence, nnd it is reasonable to assume that this number embraces almost nil' who arc absolutely without tbe mciuis of sub sistence. But the evidcuce proved couolu- sivoly that there is a large section who will not, or do not, accept charity — living in want and misery— nnd this is discreditable to our common humanity nnd boasted nine teenth century civilisation. CAUSES OF DISTRESS. Having briefly surveyed the extent of the evil, it is essential Hint the causes should be clearly ascertained. A closo analysis of the evidence nnd available data clearly shows that the chief factors are: — (1) Industrial conditions, Riich as intermittent employ ment, insufficient remuneration, sweating, &c.; (2) Moral infirmity, such as intemper ance and improvidence. (3) P.hysical infir mity, such ns sickncsB and premature decay! These are undoubtedly the chief causes of the evil. Although intemperance is a frequent cause, it is very often the effect of unfavor able domestic environment. Rut, utter making due allowance for these influences, we are impelled to the conclusion that the most prolific cause is the conditions of mo dern industry. The potent agency of steam and the fecundity of tlie inventor have uot only displaced labor, but "one generation of masters wears out three generations of men"; but worst of all, "the race is to tlie swift,, and tho battle to the strong." In other words, preference is given to the younger and more vigorous competitor, and the inevitable result is that tlie physically weak— and not only tho aged, but even the elderly— are unable to obtain a sufficiency of employment. -Maturity of mind and ri pened physical powers are being sacrificed ta-.tho twin ,demona-of. competition., and, cheapness. It is the law of the strongest — tho. strong vanquish tho weak; tho smart the wise. Age and experience are dethroned and penalised, and their possessors wear not tho badge of honor, but the marks of de gradation. The Pauline injunction — "lie that will not work, neither shall he cat" docs not apply to this class. They aro in voluntarily manufactured idlers, nnd the in ability of the State to arrest the march of industrial tendency in no way relieves it of its responsibility to these victims. It must be admitted tliat recent legisla tion, such ns the Factories Act and the mini mum wage, are steps in tlie path of reform. An improved means of communication be tween buyers and sellers of labor in various parts of the colony would prove mutually advantageous. Tho body politic cannot be healthy whilst tho pulse of labor beats un steadily nnd irregularly. .ENCOURAGEMENT OF THRIFT. Several of the witnesses emphasised tlio necessity for increased thrift.. This is highly desirable; but with the majority-any further effort 111 this direction is almost impossible. This is shown by a glance at tlie average earnings of the1 working classes. For ex ample, it was proved that the miners, who, in - consequence of their unhealthy and hazardous work, do not live to be much over 40 years iof age, receive on an average from 25s. to 30s. per week during their efficient years. It is only by rigid economy nnd fru gal habits that tliey are able to make both ends meet anil pay their "lodge money." Tliey aro unable to provide for a rainy (lay, much less for the "sere and yellow leaf" period. Numbers of them have made life long sacrifices in the effort to real- largo families and make them worthy citizens. The State encouragement of thrift by supplementing the sum due to members of friendly und life societies and annuitants after attaining 60 or 65 years of ago would not benefit the most needy class. Neither would nn increase in the rate of interest on savings bank deposits be of any assist ance to the most necessitous class. An in crease of interest at even i per cent, on pre sent deposits would involve an immediate outlay by the State of about £40,000 a year. This would, doubtless, increase the de posits, but not of those it wus de signed to benefit; nnd, further, it would not relieve present distress. But thrift can be recognised and encour aged by discriminating between the deserv ing and tho less deserving poor in any scheme of relief. This distinction would have a fur- reaching moral effect When a miui realises that his conduct iind habits shall determine whether he shall retain his liberty nnd independence in the evening of life, whether his declining years shall be spent in comparative freedom and independ ence, or be surrounded by tbe restraints of an asylum, it will operate as a powerful check on waste and extravagance. Thrift should receive better consideration than waste or extravagance. Of course, in any ease, large numbers of the deserving, too weak and helpless to take care of them selves, and who require medical attendance and nursing, could bo more humanely and economically maintained in- asylums and hospitals. No reform can abolish the neces sity for the existing institutions; but it is obvious that their scope and cost will neces sarily be lessened. In devising any scheme of relief, cara should be taken not to decrease, but to in crease thrift, and to strengthen tho various provident and thrift institutions, which have done such a valuable work in the past in educating the masses iu self reliance and independence. DESERVING AND LESS DESERVING POOR. In order to obtain a proper and equitable solution of this problem it is necessary to dffcrentiate between tlie various grades of poor. A clear cut division botween deserv ing and undeserving would be unjust to many. In fact, instead of the, hackneyed expression "deserving and undeserving," it would be fairer to denominate them ns "de serving and less deserving." On this basis the classification would bo as follows: — DKSEIIV1NG rocm. 1\. Thoso who have given satisfactory evi dence that they have exercised care and pru dence in the management of their affairs, and, whoso conduct has boon good. 2. Those who have exhibited a spirit of self help by becoming members of friendly societies. 3. Those who have attempted to provide nn annuity, however small, for themselves. Thoso who have been depositors in a savings or other bank for a number of years. Those who have reared families in a respectable manner, and thereby contributed largely to the future wealth of the country and cost of government. LESS DESERVING POOR. Those who have been intemperate, extra vagant, indolent, improvident, lawless, and generally those who have made 110 reason able effort to provide for the future. This classification would embrace all those likely to participate 111 any provision tho State should decide t'o make. NECESSITY FOR RELIEF. Having weighed the evidence, . and care fully considered every aspect of the ques tion, wo have come to the conclusion that existing agencies are defective and inade quate, and that some new and substantial provision Bliould be made ns speedily as pos sible. A variety of schemes were proposed by tlio witnesses, but the majority of them arc impracticable. Tho irresponsible en thusiast, the doctrinaire and the theorist were prepared to settle the question with a stroke of the pen; others jauntily assured us thut the social millennium was to bo ushered in at oiico by an application of dis carded and impossible taxation schemes: But our object is to (leal with tho practi cal. We also desire to reach the ideal, but we realise that the surest way, having re gard Lo existing difficulties, is by gradual steps. It would give us unfeigned pleasure to be able to recommend such a comprehen sive scheme as would nt once banish want and misery, and provide every individual with a comfortable maintenance for tlie rest of his life. We do not disparage the ideal, but it is impossible of attainment at pre sent. Wo havo, therefore, decided to lay tlie foundation on which may be erected a superstructure which will protect all who are in want. . Our recoinmendntions, if car ried out, will at onco relieve the deserving and needy cases, nnd constitute the most practical nnd far-reaching attempt yet mudc by society in any part of the world. I11 framing a scheme it is essential to con sider the question of cost. Tho Government Statist calculates that if a pension of 10s. a week were granted to each person aged 00 years and upwards the total sum required annually would amount to £2,169,024, while if the same allowance were granted to thoso aged 05 years and upwards the .amount re quired annually would he £1,297,712. FRIENDLY SOCIETIES. The question of granting superannuation benefits through tlio medium of friendly so cieties has received attention in England, und the two great orders, the Manchester Unity and the Foresters, have proposed tables which have been in existence since 1882\. Only some 500 members of the Odd fellows have availed themselves of the privi lege, and amongst members of the Order of Foresters and of other societies who are fol lowing in their footsteps the proposal meets with scarcely any response. Some of the so cieties, however, are initiating a reform by admitting no 'members except they pay for 11 pension, so that in course of time the movement will become widespread. Iu Victoria none-of the friendly-societiefri havo initiated a system of pensions, but Mr. J. II. Taylor, Grand Secretary of tho M.U.I.O.O.F., informed us thnt he has very strongly recommended to his and other so cieties that a system of superannuation al lowance should at once be framed, nnd that provision should be made that no member should hereafter enter any society by which he may assure sickness benefits beyond 65 years of age. In order that this may be car ried into effect an amendment of the Friendly Societies Act is imperative. Air. Taylor pointed out that a great objection has been taken against the superannuation proposal on the score of extra expense, but that in point of fact up to tho ago of 33 years the payments were less to provide for Superannuation allowance, in conjunction with other benefits, after 65 years of age, than under the present tables, where no provision is made for old ago superannua tion, but where the members rely on it un der the guise of sick pay. THIS COTTAGE SYSTEM. Of late years the establishment of cottage homes for the aged deserving poor has taken a great hold upon the public mind, and it affords an excellent method of deal ing with the better class of cases of distress. Many of these homes, such as the Old Colonists' Homes, the Masonic Cottages and the Distressed Actors' Homes, are not avail able for the general public, but the ladies' benevolent societies are in many instances establishing cottage homes for their most deserving cases, allowing the inmates amounts varying from 2s. 6d. to 4s. per week for cost of living. The chief merit of the system is that the inmate is in independent possession of a home, and there is no undue interference with it, the inmate being solely responsible for its respectability and clean liness. It is reported that the majority of those in the cottages take great pride in them, and that in all cases self respect is maintained. A great advantage in the sys tem is that it can either be extended or con tracted at will. The disadvantages of the system are that 5t houses comparatively few, and that the initial cost of construction is great. But so far as the country districts are concerned this difficulty seems to have been overcome by some of the benevolent societies, who require that persons assisted by them dying in their own houses they become the pro perty of the society. Many of those re lieved are old miners, who have built small dwellings on land held under miners' rights, and already a number of them, as a result of this rule, have become the property of the society, and are now occupied by succes sors in the receipt of relief. On the gold fields a large number of the poor are owners of the tenements they reside in. A general extension of this system would, in course of time, provide homes for a large proportion of the needy in the country districts. Undoubtedly better provision is required for those of the aged poor who are able to take care of themselves, and to whom a benevolent asylum is altogether an unsuit able home. There is no degradation in be coming an inmate of a cottage home, and, in the cases of married couples, it is certainly a more humane treatment than housing in ' a benevolent asylum, where they are invari ably kept separate. If the cottage system were extended, and the more robust inmates of asylums transferred, more room would be made available for other cases of distress, and the necessity of increased accommoda tion would not arise. LADIES' BENEVOLENT SOCIETIES. We were much impressed with the useful work done by the ladies' benevolent socie ties, and too much praise cannot be accorded to the ladies who give their sendees gra tuitously. The number of adult persons as sisted by the ladies' benevolent societies is about 8050, and the relief afforded is usually in kind, money being only given in special cases. The majority of the cases relieved nre deserving, and the proportion of cases of imposition is small, owing, doubtless, to the strict supen'ision exercised. A prevailing cause of misfortune of those who seek assis tance is set down in the replies furnished by the several societies (appendixN) as wife desertion. I , BENEVOLENT ASYLUMS. In the early stages of the inquiry a series bf questions were submitted to the various benevolent asylums, and the replies have been tabulated and appended (appendix 0). Reference to this will show that the insti tutions are mainly used for the support of the aged poor, the average age of admission boing about 65 years of age, although in none of the institutions is there any age limit. One of the rules is that anyone pos sessed of property must hand it over to the institution prior to becoming an inmate, but as the great majority of those socking such relief are absolutely destitute, this .would not appear to be any very great source of profit. The cause that led to the majority of the inmates becoming burdens on charity are set down generally as want of thrift, improvidence and drink. The secretary of the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum states that about one-fourth of the inmates only may be classed as deserving poor, but in the country districts the rule appears to be that the deserving cases are in a majority. Many of the inmates of the nsylums have relatives who could assist in their support, and in some few cases such assistance is given, bu,t without an altera tion in the law it is difficult to reach those who arc able to give. In all the institutions the services of the inmates arc utilised as far as possible, but a very small percentage would be able to work sufficiently well to maintain themselves, even if light work were obtainable. The benevolent asylums are, in our opin ion, very suitable for those of the aged poor who are infirm and in need of medical comforts, but we find that the herding of the inmates together, where they have to give up their own individuality, is repug nant to the better class of the poor. SALVATION ARMY. We were informed by Commandant Booth, in the course of his examination, that during the last four years 302 persons, ranging from 57 to 82 years of age, had been in the various institutions of the Salvation Army, all of these being of the vagrant class. The army religiously adheres to the condition insisted upon by other institu tions, that all recipients must work if able to do . so. Commandant Booth's interest ing information as to the gigantic scheme which exists in connection with the army in London, and which enables them to maintain nearly 8000 men all the year round at an actual cost of only about £4000, lias little practical bearing on the subject, inas much us it embraces persons of all ages, and not merely the aged poor. A novel suggestion was made by Com mandant Booth for providing for the aged poor. He considered that the community should be divided into two distinct parts, the Protestant and llqman Catholic por tions, and that these bodies should be asked to -tender for the support of their poor. The reason assigned for confining the ten dering to religious bodies was that it would . be more economical. Although he could not state definitely, Commandant Booth was . of opinion that the army would be dis posed to tender, and he was sure that under such a system the aged poor could be made to feel that they were citizens of no mean country, and that whilst earning their liveli hood by the sweat of their brow they were in no sense paupers. Whatever merits this proposition may possess, we have to bear in mind that the evidence disclosed the fact that only about 30 per cent, of the inmates of benevolent asylums are capable of per forming manual labor, and those fit to work, are employed either at gardening, household duties, or in some other way. We have been unable to find and suffi cient reason for superseding the existing in stitutions which are subsidised and con trolled by the State. With all their defects they are certainly better fitted to provide for at least the physically and mentally weak, tlinn any system directed by private individuals or sectional organisations. , MINERS. During the course of "our investigation it was deemed desirable to visit some of the larger mining centres to inquire into the condition of the miners. We ascertained that they are, on the whole, steady, indus trious and thrifty, and that they do their best to provide for their old age. In fact as a class they stand out conspicuously as examples of self help. In addition to be longing to the ordinary friendly benefit so cieties, they maintain sepnrate associations of their own, which entitle them to sick find accident pay and funeral benefits. But they have gone further and attempted to establish worn out miners' or sustcntation funds, to provide for premature cnfeeble- ment and old age. There are societies of this kind at Bcudigo and Stawell, but in each case their existence has depended partly on private beneficence and occasional appeals to the public. In neither case can it be said that the funds are in a healthy condition. In other places efforts to estab lish worn out funds nave ended in failure. This is partly due to the fact that it is diffi cult to get the younger men to join, but the principal reason is that the majority of the men find that their earnings, which do not average more than 25s. or 30s. a week, do not permit them making any such provision. The uncertainty of employment also contri butes to the failure referred to. It is im possible' to over-estimate the importance of this movement, which is at once one of the most interesting and valuable experiments in the domain of individual effort, and it is to be regretted that it has mot been more successful. No class stands more in need of provision for the post work period. The sickness and mortality due to their unhealthy occupation are exceptional. It has been proved by ex pert evidence that miners generally he- come incapacitated before they reach 50 years of age, and at Bcndigo the aver age age does not much exceed 40 years. The chief cause is defective ventila tion, which results in what is known as miners' disease. In this connection we feel it to be our duty to urge that an improved system of ventilation should be carried out as speedily as possible. The health and lives of the miners are of the highest impor tance. In any case the conditions of mining conduce to premature decay, and this fact renders it necessary that in any scheme of relief speeial provision should be made for miners, and in fact for ail cases where the health of the worker is liable to permanent ly break down through the nature of his employment. SOURCES OF REVENUE. This branch of the subject is one of the most difficult to deal with. Quite a number of schemes have been suggested, but in many instances it was evident that the wit nesses had not carefully considered how their proposals would work out. These pro posals may be grouped, as follow: — 1. Revenues derived from several sources, such as spirituous liquors, tobacco and amuse ments. Also, tfie legalisation of the totali- sator, and the nationalisation of pawn shops. 2. Property tax, percentage increase of customs duties, and the tax on the unim proved value of land. It has been urged with some force that inasmuch as drink is the cause of a great deal of poverty and crime, it should be re quired to bear a large proportion of the cost of dealing with the evils arising from it. This is undoubtedly correct. But a great deal is already being done in this direction. The total receipts from spirits, wine, beer and cider through the Customs and Excise department for the year ended the 30th June, 1897, amounted to £665,369, whilst the actual cost of administering justice and maintaining the police, gaols, lunatic asy lums and hospitals, and grants to charities amounted to £647,347. This shows that the consumers of drink contribute more than the total cost involved in dealing with the results of that consumption, so far as the State is able to take cognisance of them. The consumers of tobacco contribute more than one half of the cost of maintaining the educational system of the colony. This shows the extent to which these luxuries contribute to the cost of government, and affords us ample justification for declining to recommend that the taxation in this di rection be increased. It is unnecessary to make any extended reference to the proposal to tax sports and amusements, in view of the fact that a pro position to Hint effect has been included in the Charities Bill. But it is perhaps due to such representative witnesses ns Mr. J. C. Williamson, Major Wardill and Mr. Byron Moore to state that there was a consensus of evidence against such a course. SUMMARY. After carefully considering the various suggestions we are of opinion: — 1\. That the time has arrived when some distinctive provision should be made for the aged poor, and those who nre no longer able to earn a liveli hood. 2\. That the most effective way of doing this is by means of pensions and homes. 3\. 'That a distinction should be made between the deserving and the less deserving. 4\. That special consideration should be extended to miners and others en gaged in unhealthy occupations. 5\. That nothing should be done to check private benevolence or interfere with existing institutions designed to encourage thrift. 6\. That any tax to supply the revenue should be fair and equitable in its incidence. RECOMMENDATIONS. We accordingly beg to recommend that — Assistance should be limited to those who have reached the age of 60 years, in harmony with the sex agenarian principle which obtains in the public service, except in the case of those whose occupations produce premature decay, whose cases should receive special consideration. That a responsible authority should be created to investigate and determine all applications for relief. That there should be two classes, to be known as the deserving, class A, and the less deserving, class B, the former to receive a pension and the latter to be cared for in an institu tion under State supervision. Both classes shall be subject to such regu lations as may be deemed neces sary. GLASS A. This class shall comprise those who have been at least ten years in the colony imme diately preceding application, and who have made reasonable efforts to provide for themselves, or who have brought up fami lies in decency and comfort. These shall receive a pension, the maximum amount of which shall be 10s. a week, and 15s. a week for married couples living together. Those having incomes of less than 10s. and 15s. a week respectively shall receive sums suffi cient to make them up to these amounts. The pension should be inalienable, and in capable of attachment, or liable to any other legal process. The pension should be forfeited in the event of the recipient per manently leaving the colony, but m case of temporary absence it may.be suspended on the recommendation of the committee. It is essential that personal application should be made for payment, except where the committee has certified that the recipient is suffering from disability. CLASS 11. This class shall comprise those who have not been resident in tlic colony for the re quisite number of years, . or who are either mentally or physically unfitted to take care of themselves, and those who have made no effort to provide for themselves, or are unfit to be trusted with the expenditure of money assistance. FUNDS TO MAINTAIN THE SYSTEM. This is the crux of the whole question. A universal pension scheme, however de sirable, would require taxation, which it would be difficult to obtain. Besides, the term of our commission imposes a limitation on our powers in this direction. Our re commendations muS, necessarily be limited. But if the plan we propose is carried into effect, it will afford relief to all who are ac tually in want, and it may be extended when necessary. Any tax lor the purpose should be simple and easily collected. After due consideration we submit that the re venue should be obtained from one of the following sources: — '<x (1.) TAX ON EARNINGS. A tax upon all earnings and gains from 10s. a week up to £300 a year. The revenue to be collected by means of a special stamp. The following figures are taken from the Victorian census, 1891. The average in comes are estimated :— Amount OI Tax . Number Average Per Of Income Henri rinsv — Males En- Per Per Estimated (Males Only), gaged. Week. Annum. Revenue. 1\. Professional .. 19,000 .. 70s. .. 14s. .. £13,1)3-1 2\. Domestic .. .. 14,019 .. 10s. .. 2s. .. 1,451 3\. Commercial .. S9.20S .. 00s, .. 10s. .. 44,004 4\. Industrial .. ..138,405 .. 30s. .. 0s. .. 41,010 5\. Primary pro- ducers. . .. ..113,135 .. 20s. .. 4s. .. 22,027 0\. Independent means.. .. .. 4,483 .. 80s. ..10s. .. 3,566 Total ..£127,245 Deduct 20 per cent, for unemployed and uncollected .. ." . . .. 25,449 Amount available for distribution.. ..£101,000 This would be a fair and equitable method of obtaining a revenue, but we refrain from recommending it because of the exception ally high income tax existing at tile present time. (2.) TAX ON TBB UNIMPROVED VALUE OF LAND. A tax upon unimproved lands has been strongly advocated by several witnesses. The maxim of Dr. Adam Smith, "That the subject of every State ought to contribute towards the support of the Government, as nearly as possible in proportion to their respective abilities, that is, in proportion to the revenue which they respectively enjoy under the protection of the State, is so obviously just that it requires no advocucy on our part. Referring to a tax on land, he Bays, "But the aggravation of the tux which this may sometimes occasion upon a particular estate call never discourage improvements nor keep down the produce of the land below what it would otherwise rise to, as it has no tendency to diminish the quantity, it can have none to raise the price of that produce. It does not obstruct the industry of the people; it subjects the landlord to no other mconveniency beside the unavoidable one of paying the tax." 1 he Queensland Government 1ms recog nised the justice of an unimproved land tax by making it the basis of valuation for municipal revenues in place of a tax upon land and improvements which had previ ously been collected, and which iB the basis of valuation in Victoria at the present time. A tax of OJd. in the pound upon the capi tal value of land in Victoria would give £100,000, which would be sufficient to cover the whole expense of an old age pension. We have no hesitation in recommending a tax upon the value of land apart from the improvements thereon, without exemp tions, as a means for providing a revenue for the indigent people of the colony in their old age. NATIONALISATION OF PAWNSHOPS. Pawnbrokers arc the money lenders to the poor, and the persons accommodated are charged exorbitant interest. In France these institutions have' been nationalised, and the profits applied to the relief of the poor. During the last century the city of Ham burg established public pawnshops, and lent money upon pledges at 0 per cent. It is said to have afforded a revenue to the State of £33,750. This might be adopted as a source of revenue for the old age pension fund, with the further advantage of lessening the bur den upon the necessitous poor. In tins case vested interest would have to be provided for, which would take some time to adjust. It cannot, therefore, be made available for immediate relief. TAX UPON HOUSE RENTS. Although this tax was not advocated by any of the witnesses, we have the very high authority of Dr. Adam Smith in its -favor. In his "Wealth of Nations" we find the fol lowing: — The necessaries of life occasion tlic greatest ex pense of the poor. They find it difficult to get food, and the greatest part of their little revenue is spent in getting 11. The luxuries and varieties of life occasion the principal expense of the rich; and a magnificent house embellishes and sets oil to the best advantage all the other luxuries and vani ties which they possess. A tax upon house rents, therefore, would in general fall heaviest upon the rich; and in this sort of inequality there would not, perhaps, be anything unreasonable. It is not very unreasonable that the rich should contribute to the public expense, not only In proportion to their revenue, hut something more than In that proportion. The term "house rent" applies to proper ties whiclt are occupied by their owners, as well as those which are occupied by tenants, in the same way that it applies under the Municipal Act of Victoria. With such a great authority as Adam Smith in its favor, a tax upon house rents is submitted a a a source from which a revenue for an Old Age Fension Fund may be legiti mately obtained. We would emphasise the fact that the establishment of old age pensions would have the effect of immediately and perman ently relieving the financial strain upon benevolent asylums, the Emigrants' Home, and all other institutions in which the des titute find a refuge in their old age. PROBABLE NUMBER OF RECIPIENTS. According to a return issued by Mr. Fen- ton, there were 2619 persons in the various charituble institutions and asylums who were 60 years of age and upwards. There are also a number in the Roman Catho lic institutions, which would bring the total up to about 3000. These are pro vided for at present by private beneficence, supplemented, except in the case of the Roman Catholic institutions, from the vote for charitable institutions. According to the evidence about 20 per cent, of the in mates would be capable of taking care of themselves outside Lite institutions if pro vided with the menus of living. There is another class of the aged poor who are not in any institution who are living in a state bordering upon destitution. Many of them arc being helped by their poor relations at great personal sacrifice. This class em braces nearly all the deserving cases, and it is more particularly in their interests that an old age pension fund should be establish ed. A number of this class are living in their own cottages, wltich could be made available for the use of other occupants upon their decease or removal into an insti tution. It is not proposed to provide for all the' poor who are over 60 years of age, but only those who are unable to earn a living for themselves. Nor is it proposed to give 10s. per week to all the' deserving cases, out to supplement their scanty incomes up to that amount. Estimated number of recipients: — CLASS A. 20 per cent, of those at present .(a benevo lent institutions and the Immigrants' - Home ' 300 Estimated number not at present receiv ing relief .. 2,500 2,800 CLASS B. ; Number in all institutions, less those re moved to Class A ' 2,700 ESTIMATED COST. Class A. — 2800, at an average cost of 7s. fld £54,600 Cluss B.— 2700, at an average cost of 5s. .. 35,100 £30,700 ADMINISTRATION. For the purposes of this fund the colony should be divided into districts, whose boundaries should correspond with one or more municipal districts. The pension fund should be administered by district committees, consisting of an equal number of ladies and gentlemen to lie appointed by the Governor in Council, and whose services should be gratuitous. . A general control should be exercised by one of the Govern ment departments, with powers to forfeit or suspend pensions on the recommendation of the committees. The committees should personally investigate each case. lit the event of the pension being used unworthily, the committees should have power to re commend to the department that the recipi ent be transferred to Class B. The' com mittee should Lie empowered to raise recipi ents who have shown themselves worthy from Class J! to Class A. It "is suggested that the pension scheme should not come into operation until 12 months after the passing of the act, so that funds for its maintenance may he m hand. It appears to be advisable, however, that the committees should he appointed as soon as possible after the act is passed, so that they may receive and investigate applica tions, and submit estimates ot particulars. It is also essential that particulars of the working of the fund should be embodied eaclt year in the Treasurer's financial state ment. SPECIAL LAND ENDOWMENT. We would recommend the setting apart of good laud in the vicinity of huge centres of Eopulntion, and the erection of inexpensive utldings thereon where worn out miners and vigorous old people oeuld employ them selves in providing a portion of tlic food re quired for their own use. This would en able them to preserve their independence and would reduce the cost of their mainte nance. AIDS TO THRIFT. Any policy or practice which would in crease the national regard for thrift and the prudent provision for some means for that period of life when remunerative work cannot he undertaken, and is not readily available (to old workers), would tend to minimise the problem of providing pensions for old age. The figures available trom the Savings Bank returns prove that Ihrjft is very generally practised in this country. Tlic lacts of the financial fiascos of 1391-91 tell that people may be thrifty and saving, may lay up something intended for the time of physical deterioration and decreased ability to earn, and then have nil their savings dissipated by fraud or mismanage ment, or the interest deficiencies of .con cerns privately managed and conducted in the interests of a few shareholders therein or directors thereof. A system of State life assurance would be appreciated and largely trusted by the pub lic. There is a confidence begot of having tile Stale as security which jio other security gives. A State life assurance scheme and a scheme of State annuities would encourage numerous persons who are shy of private br, company concerns to in vest in either life assurance or an annuity. Such scheme should 'not require any State subvention. The State has now a public debt of £47,000,000, largely held in London. As the instalments of this debt become due they could be converted into assurance or annuity funds, open to the Victorian pub lic. Small sums invested by work people, and by middle class people, year by year in State funds, would soon show a very large aggregate, and regular saving with com pound interest added at the price the State fiays for its borrowed money would, over a engthened period of contributing working life, provide the contributor with something appreciable in his days of physical de cline. ' An investment of £2 per year over a working life from 25 years to 60 years, com pound interest accumulating with it and on each year's saving, would yield a very useful sum to the saver on his reaching GO years. The money could be taken at any post oilice in the country, and the scheme worked for less than the administration by loan busi ness costs now. The keystone of the scheme is the unique security the State affords. Essentials to its success would bo comcatableness by small investors and inexpensive administration. The two elements exist of a public debt and a thrifty people. The desire for certainty of return for prudent careful saving and its necessary self-denial exists wherever thrift is. A State managed scheme of life assur ance and annuities should aid materially in limiting the calls upon an old age pension scheme for the infirm or destitute. EXPERIENCE OF OTHER COUNTRIES. During the last 20 years the necessity for providing old age pensions lias been brought prominently before tlic public, and various schemes (sec appendix A) have been sug gested with this object in view. These may be classified under three headings, namely: — 1, compulsory provision; 2, State aided voluntary provision; and 3, to be provided from revenue. . As regards the first two classes, the great point in their favor is that the mere fact of having contributed to the pension , removes any taint of pauperism, the individual re ceiving his pension as a right that he has earned, but a great objection to the volun tary system is that the general public do not take readily to it, and the bulk of the work ing classes would not benefit thereby. The third class is merely compulsory provision by the people under anotiier name, with the great drawback that the pension would be in a great degree a charity. compulsory provision. Up to the present time Germany is the only country which has adopted a system of old age pensions on compulsory principles, the old age law being compulsory on all men and women over 16 years of age in the fol lowing three classes: — 1. Pennons .who nre employed as workmen, assistants, appren tices or servants, and receive for their ser vices payment or wage. 2. Persons who are engaged in business as assistants in shons ana apprentices whose yearly earnings do not exceed £100; and, 3. Persons employed for payment or wage as members of the crews of German ships. Payments to the fund are from ljd. to 3d. per week, one-half being paid by the employer and one-half by the employe. The benefits are that after five years payments invalidity allowance may be claimed, ranging from £5 14s. 81d. to £7 0s. 3d. per annum, and from 70 years of age a pension ranging from. £5 6s. 5d. to £9 lis. per annum, according to the wages received, which are divided into four classes. If death occurs before 70 years one-half of the contributions is returned. The objections to this scheme are stated to be many and obvious. In the first place, it involves an'immonsc amount of officialism and a complicated machinery which is ex tremely costly. Secondly, it is only partial in its operation, and large classes of the community are forced to contribute without any corresponding direct advantage. Thirdly, the amount of the pension is ex ceedingly small, and it is doubtful if it will he sufficient to provide for the sustenance of the insurers without further aid. Lastly, the pension does not come into force till the person is 70 years of age, whereas incapacity hegins at a much earlier period. _ Canon Blackley's scheme on compulsory lines differs. from the German system in that it embraces all persons on tbeir attaining the age of 65 years. This proposal was con sidered by the Ros-til Commission on the Aged Poor of Great Britain, who dismissed it on tlife ground that thev were fully as sured that popular opinion in the old country would not sanction the principle of a universal compulsory contribution. state-aided. voluntary provision. Of the State-aided voluntary contribution schemes, the most noteworthy is that recom mended by the Parliamentary committee of which Sir. Chamberlain was chairman, and this has commanded the greatest amount of criticism in Great Britain. The committee contemplated three classes of pensions. In the first case the insurance was to bo for a pension of 5s: a week, commencing at the age of 65, and the cash deposit required to be made at or before the age of 25 yeurs would be of the amount of £2 10s. After that age there would be required an annual payment of 10s. a year up to the age of 05, when the >cnsion would begin. The State assistance was to consist of an entry of a credit of £10 in the insurer's book, bearing even date with its first deposit. The annual cash pay ment p-ould be. similarly entered, and in terest at 21 per cent, would accrue on the total amoimt of the credits and deposits. Another class of pension proposed was one which would make provision for widows and children in addition to the pension of 5s., commencing at the age of 65. In that case the deposit required was to be increased to £5, the annual payment to be increased to £1, and the Elate aid increased to £15. The third class of pension proposed was that any person'after depositing 30s., if a male, and 25s. if a female, into the Post Office Savings Banks, and insuring in any friendly society for £G 10s. or £3 18s. re spectively, would have his or her pension doubled by the State at the age of 65. These proposals received the attention of tlic Royal Commission in England, and Lord Brasscy, who was a member of it, in his evi dence before us, stated that the majority were unable to recommend tiicni, as they believed that those who availed themselves of such schemes would he few, and mainly from the higher grades of the working classes. Another grave difficulty that the commission foresaw, was that, in tlic absence of -temporary provisions, the scheme would have had no direct effect until 40 years 'after itsMntroduetion. There was also the further point of c'ost. In France an attempt has recently been made to deal with the question of State- aided pensions. Under this scheme, contri-' butions to a national fund are to be paid — 3-10ths by the employer. 3-10lhs by the workman and 4-10ths by the State. Advan tage is to be taken of existing benefit and similar societies in the collection of contri butions and the payment of pensions. Membership is to be'ptirely voluntary, and contributions to vary from a minimum of Old. per day to a maximum of Id. per day while employed. Persons arc expected to become contributors at 25, and to pay in for 30 years,., after which time pension may be claimed, but must not exceed a total income to any individual of £24 (GOO f.) per annum. Membership is to .be open only to those whose annual income docs not exceed 3000 f. ( £120) per annum. The fund is to draw some 100,000 f. ( £4000) per annum from a tax on foreign workmen at the rate of 10 centimes (Id.) per day per capita, to be paid in ever- case by the employer of such foreigner. In Italy a scheme was emlxxlied in a bill brought before the Chamber of Deputies in 1892\. which provided for. a National Pension Institute, to administer funds subscribed by authorised savincs banks and friendly so cieties, bv individuals and by the State. Every Italian working man or ivoman might subscribe to tlic extent of £20 per annum, and was then entitled at the age of 60, and after 20 years' payments, to a pension pro portioned to his or her accumulations, but not exceeding £20 per annum, any surplus capital being returned with interest. At death before 60 all' contributions, with in terest, weic returned to representatives. to' be! rrtoviDED from revenue. The lending principle of the Danish sys tem,- which became law in 1891, is that after 60 .years of age there shall be two classes of assisted, poor— the deserving poor iii receipt of pensions, and the undeserving poor in receipt of poor lawrelief. The ad ministration is by local authorities, who raise the required funds by a local rate, and who are assisted by the Government to the extcnt'of £111,000 per annum, derived from a tax on lager beer. Great care is taken to dissociate the. old age relief from the parish relief, and it is reported that the law is very tiopular with all classes but loafers, whose lot is made harder by it. Under the Austrian poor law it appears that a man can claim a pension. The Em peror Joseph II. decided that at CO years of age a man should have, the right to claim from his native town or commune a pension equal to one-third of the average daily wage he had received during his working years. The., pension was to be regarded, in exactly the same light as a soldier's pension — not as a charity, but as reward for past services. Of the schemes for State aided pensions, that of Mr. Charles Booth, who was a mem ber of the Royal Commission on the Aged, Poor: of Great Britain, and who has taken a prominent part in philanthropic inquiries into the condition of the poor in London, received the most attention from that body. His proposal ih that every person on attain ing the age of ,65 years should for the re mainder "of his. life receive a peilsiol'i of 5s. weekly .-out' of the public funds. In his evidence Lord Brasscy stated that the ma jority of thc! commission recognised that this was a widely popular scheme, and especially so with tlie-working classes; hut that they were of opinion that the cost was an in superable objection. Further, they held that while grants under the system of pen sions to be payable to everybody would be made to vast numbers of persons who had no sort of need, on the other hand pensions of. 5s. a week would not suffice to maintain in reasonable comfort those who had no other means. In 1896 a bill ires placed before the New Zealand Legislature providing for an old age pension of 10s. a week for all persons of 65 years and upwards who3C incomes did not exceed £50, a 'year, nnd who had been resi dent in the colony for 20 years, but it has not' yet become law. ' In New South Wales the matter has also been receiving attention, and the select com mittee appointed last -year -to inquire into the question recommended the establish ment of a - system of old age pensions by which every1 person in the community, who is above the age of CO years, who litis been resident in the colony for 15 years, and whose income does not exceed £50 per an num, should be entitled to a pension of 103. per week when single, while married couples Bhouhl bo granted 15s. per week. Provision is also made.for the initiation of a ip-stem of invalidity pensions, under which a stun of 10s. per week shall be paid to nil persons who nre sick or infirm (sueli pen sion to last while the invalidity prevails),- provided that the rcceipient lias subscribed Is. per montli for a period of 5 years to an invalidity fund, worked through the medium, of some friendly society of which the recipient is a member: and for the boarding out of the more robust of the pa tients in the Government old age asylums. 