CABLEGRAMS. The War in the East. LONDON, April 26. A great panic ib reported 'to have broken out among the population Volo, a Beaport town at the head of the Gulf of Volo, and 33 miles south-east by east of Larissa. - The population of the town, which ordinarily numbers 11,000 souls, has been augmented by some 10,000 refugeei from the frontier settlements. As result of this sudden influx of panic stricken people, and the demands they have imposed, considerable disorder has occurred, and at times riot and outrage, To relieve the tension of officers in this portion of Thessaly, the authorities in Athens are sending ships to convey the women and children to some place of safety. The Turks, who were defeated by an •inferior force of Greeks at Pentepi gadia, rallied, and recaptured the town The fight waged furiously for some hours, the Greeks repulsing 'several fierce attacks before the Ottoman troops secured possession of the town. Riceiotti Garibaldi, a son W the Italian patriot, has arrived in Athens with a contingent of 250 countrymen, to assist the Greeks in the war with Turkey The Daily Ghronicle fund, for the relief of the wounded soldiers of the Greek army, now totals £1500. LONDON, April 27. Further particulars of the taking of Mati, in Thessaly, fully substantiate former reports as to the determined and desperate nature pf the battle. The fighting, whi jh lasted all day Friday, extended from Mati to the town of Deliler, some miles away. The Greek force engaged consisted , of l$,<Hfo Turks numbered , 9,0.00; aid had 22 guns. ••..':.'.; • . Neither side gained much advantage .until after nightfalL Marshal .Edhem . . Pasha, die Turkish commander, thee sent a strong force against the right wing of 'the Greek ariny. The attacking section was mainly ^composed of Albanians,. who i have a habit of singing when on the march. "In order tv stop this and render their march silent, a special order was banded round.When the Greek ariny was outflanked they were thus taken completely by surprise. All, control was lost of the troOps and ;a general stampede ensued. The confusion vras extreme, and in the darkness (he foreign legion (including several; jEnfcliphmen)' 1 that recently ' ieft''iiiiai$&S;! "'"ffiiSiupon the Greek cavaliy, believing them to. 6s the enemy. The scaitered Greeks escaped, and the dews; of the defeat caused the terrible '.panic at 'Tur navo pnd Larissa which resulted in the hasty flight of the residents. Marshal Edhem. Pasha, the Turkish commander, in his despatches,; states that if the panic had been delayed for . six linurs he would liave completely • crashed the fireeks. V ' \ 1 Popular discontent at the result of the operations on the v frontier has reached such, a degree in Greece as to. menace the present dynasty. ',•;• M. Ealli, the Leader of the Opposi- ; lion in Jihe Hn)^ ©rGreek Parliament, last; jiight made startling accusations againsttheDuke of Sparta's staff.charging them frith incapacity and cowardice.' \- He •'.' insisted that: immediate. changes should! bejmade in the officers 'engaged \- on the frontier. As a result of this, M. Delyanni, the Greek Premier, has . appointed tiolonel Smolenski, the nominee of Mr. Balli, to be chief of the staff under V the Duke of Sparta. ; It has also been decided • to. reciall three of the' principal officers at present engaged • with Colonel Vassos in Crete to assist , Colonel Smolenski. : ". ;.';.-.,. In reply to a question, inthe House of Commons last night, the Bight Hon. A. J. Balfour, leader of-the •Government, said the Powers,had agreed to remain neutral in the presentconflict between Greece 'and' Turkey. They , would be willing to mediate when, a favorable opportunity presented itself. ; Under instructions from the Porte a ; strong body of troops has left Monastir to suppress the mutiny of Albanians in Yanina. : .. ' To divert the disaster to the reigning dynasty, which is supposed to be im- , pending because of the indication of the •populace at the losses on the frontier, it isconsidered urgently necessary that - the ^w^oiirt'-tibat tibtT advance in 1 Epirus has • beeraJemporarily suspended, ,as the result of the outcry for the mili- tary commanders to be superceded, and tbp War Minister, Colonel Smolenitz, has resigned. . , Affairs jn . Larissa have quietened considerably, and are rapidly assuming a normal appearance. Many of the people who, alarmed at the news of the defeat' of the troops on the frontier, fled panic stricken from the town, have returned. Shops are opened, and business dealings are being resumed. The Ottoman troops, now in occupation, are f^rtyfying the town against further attacks"from the Greeks. Before they fled from Larissa the Greeks released all the prisoners in the gaols. .. 1 . • , It has been reported that Trikhala has been evacuated. The report is not so far confirmed. ; . [Trikhala, 38 miles west of Larissa, la next to ihat town the' largest in Thessaly. It stiil keeps the aspect of a Musselman town, having seven or eight mosques. The trade in wheat, tobacco, and cotton is centred in Trikhala, which has a mixed >pulation of .14,000, composed of Greeks, alachians and Jews.] The. Greek fleet has been sighted 20 miles off Salonika. The troops from Monastir, having been reinforced from Arta, are advancing upon Yanina to restore quiet among the Albanians. The mutiny has in the meantime fizzled -out. The newspapers friendly to Greece are advocating that Europe shall, intervene and mediate between the two be- ligerent nations. ...' LONDON; April 28. Popular discontent <in Greece at the failure of all military operations against Turkey is growing, and an internal crisis is imminent. The populace are furious with the , King. The ill success of the campaign is said to be.due to meddling on. his part, and he is accused of appointing courtiers to the chief commands in the anny and navy, wfyo^re/totally unfit to,, undertake such responsibility. The extremists even go 60 far as to demand the recall of the Duke of Sparta; apd the other princes of the Royal House. . Already several'gunshots in' Athens have been pillaged, and grave 1 Tears are entertained that a revolution will ensue, unless circumstances occur to restore confidence among the people. In his extremity, King . George haa appealed to M. Balli, the Leader of the. Opposition in the Boule, to exert influence with his party to. help to maintain order. It is even thought probable that a CoalitiphJi^niptij will-be formed in the hope > of allaying the present trouble. One thing in particular the people regain Thpssaly.' '•; • The feoule has been summoned to take action,, to. avert: thepublic rising if possible. • / • All repbrts concerning the flight of the GrCeks from Larispa agree aS to the great cowardiceiihoimljy-the retreating troops "" ' The TarMsh generals consider that the "positions "held by the Greeks were exceedingly strong, and tKey express amazenientiattheir abandonment. \- Everythiiig indicatea that a shameful panic seized the Greeks at Liarissa. UTo regacl was shown for sex, and all acted selfishly.Even the horses employed in .drawing , th^ cartridge wagons were dets«h^L and;nsed'as a .means of flight. Apart from ^individual interests, the. safety of the E,byal property,< was the firat care. Woinen and children vainly appealed for permission to enter the trams in which the Greek, soldiers departed. . :: ' ' ' , The forbearance shown by the Turks in pecopying Larissa is inspiring cenfir dence. The Moslem troops are. kept in subjection _ by .rigid "olierisi-- pilli^ng being r punished by immediate; 'death,' Turkish sentinels keep continuous duty protect the bankB and residences of the wealthy. • • The Albajii&n; garrison evwsuated. Pentepigadia, and marclusg on Janina demanded r a new commanders ' The governor of the latter place. conceded [Ufes^and the Albanians then re^ turned their position and expelled al' the Greeks. : - Speaking , at -Abeiiilliery, in Monmouthshire, • last, night,; Sir; William Vernon Harcouiti ;the leader of the- Opposition in the House of Commons, said thatadojp^ed' i>yI'librd; Salisbujy with regard to thia: Cretm', question would leave fitter memories, and; c4usp.- for ^hiaqie and' remorse to ' : '.:'v v ' .'...••'*' Twenty Greeks left for their native land by the s^. Gera to-day, to join in , the fear against^ L Turk^. '<,' They weWi'; accor^Bd a beariy aend-off. >y~.' His Royfit Highness I^anijis ' I,, - Emperor , of Austria, arrived at St, Petersburg to-day, "and was publicly received by the Czar. The meeting of the two Monarchs was most cordial^ and they embraced and kissed one another. At a banquet held subsequently, warm expressions of friendship were ex -changed. Details of the evacuation of Larissa by the Greeks, are filtering out. From latest reports it appears that the panic, which brought abofat the disastrous hegira, occurred in the night. Those fiist stricken with terror roared out, " The Turks are here;" and their agonised cries struck fear into the hearts of the whole population. The streets were quickly filled with a bewildered and desperate throng, bent on making good their escape.. Men, women and children fought with frenzy and in the fight many were trampled to death. / The troops were just as panic- stricken as the civilians, and in their excitment fired upon each Mother. The officers, it is stated, led the flight. It is estimated that at least five hundred lives were sacrificed during the abandonment of the town. In taking possession of the town the Turks captured 20,000 boxes of cartridges. „ The. Greeks, after several ineffectual attempts to bring about a rising among the Albanians in Epirus, are now relinquishing the campaign and retiring from, thp positions they , occupy., The returning army is said to have reached the Suro, a river on the north side of the Gulf of Arta. Edham Pasha has despatched a body of troops to occupy Trikhala and Verestan, important towns reported to. have been evacuated by the Greeks. The discontents in Athens . have broken put in,not.;', .going 500 in-^ furiated men paraded the principal thoroughfares of the city, their destination being the, - jiing's palace. En route the . mob ' entered a number of' cafe's, in their violence doing conside able damage. Wherever a portrait of King George ' was displayed, it was seized upon and smashed. Y The rioters ^ere dispersed by the-gendarmerie before they reached the palace. LONDON, April 29. • Later reports concerning the flight' of the Greeks from Mati describe the spene as a perfect pandemonium-. , The troops caused the greatest consternation in the town, and soldiers and civilians alike displayed the most abject cowar dice. In the'flight which followed.it is Stated that the citizens, encumbered with ' tneir household goods, were weeping ; the women and children were sullen in It appears that when thd order toTetreat from M^iti was given; the; Greeks retired orderly enough., ~ The -road to Larissa> pitch , dark, .but still the discipline was. maintained until galloping was heard in. the rear; Then, before the Turks ajriyed, a maid rush .was mftde, and the alarai extended, for miles. The .situation was one of' the wildest confusion, the Greek soldiers blindly firing in all directions for upwardsof half :an hour in the belief that the Tusks were among them. • In the excitement the wkt correspondents of ^several London newspapers had narrow escapes. Speaking personally \- they declare that the scefte^ ecKpsed the worst horrors within their Agency travelled together in a carriage. In the rash the vehicle was overturned, "and a soldier nearly shot Renter's corespondent... . . VTrifera for the' press assert that the road to the deserted town was strewn With the dead, who jhad fallen victims to the cowardly firenzy of their own countrymen.^ Guns that hajl been abandoned blocked the thoroughfare, and furniture was lying about piled up and broken in all- erections. Eiderless horses, rendered frantic;by the noise, adso.dashed along the road increasing. the danger to All through,'dismay and fear led-:to the destruction of hundreds. Many persons ; without Horses attacked those who wepS monnted, and desperate ' to hand conflicts ensued. In Bbme instances life Jwas Sacrificed ; the victor continued on horseback, or his assailant ruthlessly took ills place. A few of the officere vaihly attempted to stop the _ ^.e. :orp8sidg'.a bridge at. Penias the struggling was terrible. At this point for s^veral liours progress wias delayed by the desperate conduct of the.men. . Arrived at Larissa,. the fugitives fell down" in the streets xitterly exhausted, and lay there. Gl^naUj their frenzy calmed, and whkn " the moon rose a semblajace'pf discipline TfaB restored. At daybreak the Dake of Sparta, the Greek Commander-in-Chief, sought to reform his army, and entreated them to stay and defend the town. All his orders, however, were jeeringly received the soldiery, who, refused absolutely to obey. Public excitement has somewhat abated in Athens, and a calmer feeling prevails.; \ ; • The Powers are at length manifesting an active interest in the conflict between Greece and Turkey. Nego tiations are now proceeding with a view to deciding upon a course to intervene between the two countries. The Emperor of Germany and the Czar, however, consider that the recall of Colonel Vassos and his men from Crete by the Greek Government must precede any attempt at mediation. The remaining Powers, on the other hand, are willing to intervene without such course being adopted. It is believed that the Sultan is agreeable to arrange terms *of peace if Greece is willing to do so. The leisurely methods adopted by Marshal Edhem Pasha, the Turkish commander on the frontier, in face of his victorious march, are taken as supporting the idea. In view of the attitude adopted by the Greek people King George has stated that he is prepared to abdicate in favor of iris second son, Prince Georget who is affectionately regarded by the nation. So far nothing further has transpired directly in connection with the threat-to overthrow the reigning dynasty, but it is reported .that great preparations are being made at the Danish .residence of the King. [Christian William Ferdinand Adolphus George, King of Greece, is the Becond eon of Eiiig "Christian pf. Denmark, and a brother of ,the Czarina and the Princess of Wales, He was born in 1846, and chosen King of <Jr«ece in 1864, in succession to Otho I. The "vacant' throne had/previously been offered to Prince Alfred (Duke of .Edinbnrgh), and to Duke Ernest of Saxe- Coburg O^ha, King George married in 1867 Priaclffl'XMga, daughter,o£ the ; Hussian r-^Duke Cojwtantinei His eldest son is the Duke of Sparta, at present in command of the Greek troops, on the ; frontier. Prince George, his second son, is said to be an admirable sailor, and devoted to his : naval dutieB.. Quiet, • retiring, and studious, he; is yet a remarkable athlete, and physically, the finest specimen of royalty inthe world. Not yet 30' years of age, he stands 6ft 4iin in his stockings; and is massively built; weighing, just over lSst^being, despite his ifize, as active as an eel. He is a fine boxer and a champion wrestler, the late Czar„of Bus8ia, who was ,a remarkable man as an athlete, finding the yonng prince more than biB match in a friendly boat the> had when fiie;Prince was visiting 'Russia some yeMS.^i)., .:.Heie the darling,of the Greek -natiotLj A fresh source of discontent among the population of Athens has broken out, iTiepeppte arevery irateat thefactthat two s^eemigs' of the Parliament have proved abortive through the absence of Government supporters.' As the-.outcome of the popular anger, the King.lias asked Mr. Delyanni, the ;Presideht;pf the Cpuucii and Minister Finances, to; resign Jri^ position and create a-new Cabinet. • Volo, an important Thessalian town, eouth-east of Larissa, has been evacuated. ' •*. •."' .:'' Eioting and disorder were spme days ago reported to prevail, owing to the sudden influx of 10,000 refugees. To relieve _tlys congestion vessels yrere sent from Athens. News is received of , the arrival of the jBteamers, and of the fact that the wotnen and- children have been moved frifm the town." ,. The Tiiirks have taken and occupied ZaxkOi a . town midway , between Trikhala and Larissa. Large quantities. of stores and ammunition hate fallen into their hands. ; ; M. Delyanni having refused the re- 1 quest. of King George to resign lus position as:Premier of Greece, has been dismissed from the office. M. Balli, the leader of the Opposition, was then sent for and succeeded in forming a Coalition Ministry. The objects of the political change are to secujre the reorganisation of the anny and open up negotiations with a. view to concluding an honorable - peace-with Turkey. • ;' ;". Evidently Convinced of the futility of further aggressive hostilities and fearful of an .invasion ^.he Greek Government are providing fpr the better defence of the capital. The Hon. Edwin H. Jigerr ton, O.B., British Minister at Athens, reports, that the Greeks have: recalled pprtion of the fleet, and are prepared to land marines at Pirasus, commanding the harbour of Athens, if circnmstances should renderstep necessary foe the safety of the capital. The Standard^ reported this morning, that on .Wednesday night the Turks jittacfced Pharsalos, a town in the province of Larissa, and 20 -miles south by west of the town of that name, -v -Thousands of. the: Turks whp invaded ' Epirusaresaidto have returned to Arta. LONDON, May 1. Intelligence from the Seat of War on ; the Greek frontier shows that the; triumphant march of the Turks con-> tinnes, and that the spirit of the victors ? is now thoroughly roused. Marshal Edhem Pasha has now entered into complete occupation of Trikhala, the Thes- < salian town evacuated by theGreeks. , • In Epirus, the Greeks have also met with several severe Traverses. Driven from their position the beaten army has ; fled towards Arta, on which point the Turks are advancing. " • Marshal Ghazi Osman Pasha, the ° officer who was appointed by the Sultan to direct the operations of Marshal Edhem Pasha, has^left left Constanti*H nople for -Janina with reinforcements to the number of 30,000 men. It is Stated that the Powers are!; suspicious, of the object of the reinforcements ordered out by the Sultan with • Marshal Ghazi Osman Pasha. It is thought that the extensive nature of the additions cover some, unexplained de- , sign. • . . /X Throughout Europe the superiority * of the military spirit displayed '.by.-;, Turkey is recognised. f / Particulars of the taking of Volo, an ;:?• important Thessalian town, south- east ? of Larissa, show that the Turks met with no resistance in capturing the position. The Greeks, in'retiring left every- i thing behind; and the victors secure s many guns, a large quantity of muni- : tions of war and supplies. ^ The National League of -Greece, who equipped the irregular force which ; offered hostilities against the Turks, ; has now sent out emissaries inxo Turkish territory, seeking to promote internal 3 rebellion. Several provinces are thought e to be on the eve of rising. :; The Duke of Sparta, .the commander, of the Greek army, is still in possession of Pharsalos, a town a few miles south !/V of Larissa, at the head of 25,000 men'.' All efforts on the part of the TurkB to take the position have failed, and even the Turkish outposts have been severely handled. It is reported that, encouraged .byrjg their success at sea, the Greeks hayie^| a threatened, should the Turks pushth^i: ?| advantage on the frontier, to bombards Constantinople. ^ In the town of Larissa affairs wear vfl peaceful aspect, Marshal Edhem Pasha, the Turkish commander, lives.; the the the quarters lately occupied Duke " of Sparta Gradually® Greek residents, who fled the^i city are' returning. • Seventy of tiiie^ more wealthy people expressed amazed! ment at finding their property intact, The Greeks are treated with consideration and even-kindly by the Turks. The German'officers with commands^ in the Turkish army express surprise at the discipline displayed during rebentil They declare th£t^thef| severity of the order maintained excels 'Cf that of the German forces; There is no abatement in the populaifjl excitement in Atheiiis. The people aire| mora turbulent' than ever' and show3 intense hostility towards Boyal personf;5 ages whenever.: they -appear pul^S liclyr A marked instance of ^ ^ reported in connection ."-jrithJ :drive for ; which the wife of Duke of Sparta went. The crp^iU hooted the carriage through the stree%| and finally removed the Royal airmsf from the vehicle. They then alter^l the livery of -the attendants,- and offered! every insult possible to the" reigning,; dynasty. ' - .-^i-i' Even in'the Churches emphatic pw>-! tests have been entered against usual prayers bring offered for tiui>! Royal Pamily.' • • •/. "i-i'^/T Both the Russian ; and Aostri^i Governments have iOiwarded the various States .compnsin^; ;$lie|. BalkaniPeninsula, expressing gratified tion at the -neutral attitude adi^x&Sf; each in the war In Athens reports have been r^ceiy of animportantengagement at. Velesti|iq| in . which Colonel Smolen&ki;, who wae% ^ pointed ;rby the late Premier at th_ instance of M. Balli;to.4the Dn^votl Sparta's dfaiff 'w^^^j^-wecee^n^',, -StilL is stated that Cdlpnd^Smoienski '''fipj 15,000 mra defeated BjOOO Tnrks wbojl jrere attacking "the :Fjx)ni ]3theS Oieek: accounts Smoipnski succee&rffiiu.;| repulsing three cavalry charges,- and the| firo from his batteries watf-'so withering! that one Turkish regiment was ded-V mated.-'" Edhem Pasha, however, telegraphy^ to the Sultan- a different account.' stated tbat the ' «ugagemSnt wtif very serious one, but that the were succes^M in capturing three fprl and four entrenched positions. Later reports state that the are retiring to Volo. a seaport. CABLEGRAMS. (Continued Jrom Page 19.) Miscellaneous. LONDON, ApriJ 26. In introducing the Tariff Bill in the Canadian House of Commons, the Hon. W. S. Fielding, Q.C., Secretary for -Finance in the Ministry, pointed out ;"'. that the new tariff was designed to give, preference to British products. The . adoption, of the Dingley Bill in the United States, showed that America was not disposed to encourage trade with Canada. it was therefore necessary for them in shaping a policy to have a single eye to their own interests. ' Treaties in existence with Germany and Belgium prevented British colonies, granting England an exclusive preference tariff, but the Canadian Government desired to offer countries willing to establish fair trade relations a similar privilege to that proposed for , Britain. England had dealt generously and given large liberties to her colonies. > Some of the latter even taxed her wares, ' while colonial products were admitted to Home'ports free of duty. Still no attempt had been made, to retaliate. The English public were not in favor of a daty on breadstuffs. It wan against . the national feeling to derive revenize from the necessaries of life. Why should the colonies wait for more con* sideration , from England ? Canada might lead the way and the Government proposed to amend the tariff in a spirit of goodwill which promised so much to benefit the people. The speech was warmly received in the Chamber, some 2,000 visitors being present in the gallery. A.11 at the conclusion joined in singing the National Anthem. Considerable attention has been attracted by the speech in England. . [The bill introduced by the Government 'provides for a reduction of 25 per cent, on all goods except wines, spirits and tobacco from all countries which do'now, or which may hereafter agree to admit Canadian exports free.] The Right Hon. Samuel Way, Chief .Justice of South Australia, who lias /been appointed to the Judicial Com mittee of the Privy Council, has arrived in London. Colonel Ward, of Major-General Lord P. S. Methuen's staff, welcomed the riflemen at the dockB on the arrival of the Gulf of.Martaban. The rifles were then' entrained for Hounslow, where they met with a great reception. ; The bands of. the Scots Greys dep6t played appropriate airs, both at the station and at the barracks,., where the \- whole regiment turned out and heartily | ; : «heered the visitors. The soldiers of the jf^Scots Greys insisted upon grooming the horses of the colonials. While proceeding to the .barracks,' ' the streets were thronged with people, great. enthusiasm over the visit of the contingent was shown. The officers mess welcomed the New Bouth Wales officers in their uaoal Jiearty British manner. ' : . , y Colonel Lasseter, who is in charge of ihe contingent, has expressed hitoself delighted with their reception, jj^ The press, in their reports, commend the physique of the colonials. During the discussion of thei colonial -estimates in the Reichstag at Berlin is f. March of last year very grave charges of ?cpuelty and immorality were made against Dr. Peters in connection; with tg&utenure; of 6fficie as;'Government p|ijgent in Gerinan East Africa.-;." A sub- 'gSSsaqueint investigation substantiated the f-jaccusatiDns and Dr. Peters was recalled. Yielding to pressure in. Parlia-, ^mentthe-Goyernment then appointed a, ^jCdort to .enquire fully, into the .matter, 'fbihis tribunal has now completed :|ts f|n»rk, and the charge of crudtyto ||^1iveB having been pronounced proved "j;J>r, "Peters has' been dismised from the ! ' ^ 'service. . : • ....•' Jit. BloWitz^thc Paris correspondent §N$iTfy Times, 'irepprtis; that;' ; 3Pryicei f^ohenlohe, the .^ShiuwWiCi^pdff^ <3&r-;' l^anEmpire, jtsfceeking toenterWto an arrangement with Russia and France psjj&b;'rebjr the t^^'nktiohs will agree to ^ite their moral support to the' Boers i>tjiie event of Britain taking extreme II&^otjl. against the Transvaal.If I by this .means it is. found impossible to I j^k^ .Britoin it is proposed to emf/jbau^V her, by forcing an issue in the ^> TThe ^d ^ugurated by • the Lord London for the relief of ferers by the famine in India now exceeds £500,000. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of York, wife of Prince George of Wales, has given birth to ft daughter. The Earl of Ranfurly, the new Governor of New Zealand, sails for Auckland in the R.M.S. Gothic, The British War Office is sending further stores and ammunition to Capetown. In fulfilment, of the recently determined upon policy of strengthening the garrison's in Cape Colony, 800 soldiers sailed for Cape Town on Saturday. Three batteries of field artillery have also been ordered to embark. ' LONDON, April 27. In the Canadian House of Commons yesterday the debate on the Tariff Bill was resumed. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, the Premier, deferred to the statement made by the Hon, W: S. Fielding, Secretary for Finance, that treaties in existence with Germany and Belgium prevented British colonies granting England an exclusive preference tariff. He said that British goods were at present admitted to Canada at a reduction ou the regular duties of oneeighth per cent. The privilege did not apply to Belgium and Germany, and that in itself was equivalent to repudiating the British treaties mentioned. The point raised could not therefore be accepted as an impediment > to the measure. Sir R. J. Garwright, Minister for Trade and Finanse, said -that the Bill might be passed if the law did not justify the concession made the Government could appeal to Britain. The Imperial authorities would do justice to Canada. The debate was adjourned. According to a Blue Book just published, the Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the Colo-" nies, forwarded during March, several strongly worded despatches to President Kriiger, complaining that the Transvaal Government had concluded three treaties without the assent of Her Majesty the Queen, in direct contravention of the Convention of 1884. He also pointed out that the adoption of the Alien Immigration and the Expulsion and Press Laws were breaches of the terms of the Convention. So. far the Transvaal had not replied to the messages. The following Melbourne candidates are announced to have successfully passed the recent examination held locally by the tiondon College of Music:—Power, M. Lewis, C. Lewis, Healy, Hoare, Caffey-iSmith. The, death is announced of Elizabeth, the Dowager Duchess of Bedford. She was the eldest daughter of the late Earl of Delaware,-and married the ninth Duke of Bedford in 1844. The body is to be cremated. Mr. Bottomley has voluntarily recouped the' holders of scrip in : the Hannand Union'for all losses. The cost of this generous apt was . £250,000. fee Royal Highness Francis I;, Emperor of Austria, accompanied by Count Agenor Goluchowski, Minister' of the Imperial and Royal House and Minister for Foreign affairs,and Baron Beck, the Commander-in-Chief of the Austrian army, left Vienna torday for St. Petersburg on a State visit to the Czar. The Special Court appointed by President Kruger to try lieutenant Eloff for jbis slanderous reference to Her Majesty the Queen,TiasJihished its sittings., A vast amount of evidence w&b; taken which went to BhoW : that the accused was drunk on the occasion it was alleged ihe utterances werefaade. It was, however, disputed that he iwed the words, and thie Court acquitted him of the charge. ° • "V^V'r . Lord Wolseley, the Oomm»mder-in- Ohief of the British army, has reported' that 10,000 horseB are .required for the service.. Fifteen officers' have; consequently been appointed to, visit the Argentine Republic and purchase the" Majorj^&eral; ^ General of remounts In the cavalry of tile British army, inspected the~ team of Mounted Riflesirotoi Sydney at Hounslow yesterday. He expressed himself iighly satisfied with the parade. Torday. the team were employed at tiie Tower of London in rehearsing-the trooping of the colors."!'.• It is officially announced that Lord Ranfurly,the; siew^ovienior;;of; Hew, Qiiefoc for Americabn June;Si.jprbhjr Lady Ruiforly *n3 daughters, .and Captain Alexander, his private secretary' and first aide-de-camp. The Hon. ChasT Hill Trevor, Captain of the Welsh Fusileers, and Lieutenant Ward, of the Artillery, wlio have bIbo been appointed aides-de-camp, will sail by the Gothic. Miss Maud McCarthy, the New Zealand violinist,. made her debut, in London at the Crystal Falace with the most successful results. ^ Miss Florence .Fuller, the young .Victorian artist) has had' a; picture accepted by the Royal Academy. - . The following movements in England pf vessels engaged in the Australian shipping trade are reported -— ABBIVAL : Tokmarii. DjsPAariraBB—For Melbourne : Phoesitata, Lochiyan, Damascus and Star of Victoria. For Sydney: Bellonci. FOP Brisbane : Tercera.; For Adelaide, Gwalla and Sonneberg. For Fremantle Barossa. For Otajgo : Pakeha. An explosion has occurred on the underground railway. /One of the carriages of. a passing train was completely shattered. None .of the occupants of the several compartments were killed, but many of them were severely injured by the-explosion. An investigation 'is being made into the circumstances surrounding the affair The impression so far formed is that the explosion waB caused by a bomb. LONDON, April 2 In the House of , Commons last night Colonel Sir Howard Vincent, member for the central division of Sheffield, proposed that in order to provide pensions for the poor. of the iTnited Kingdom a tax or toll should be levied on foreign manufacturers. During the debate which followed the Right Hon, A; J. Balfour, leader of the Government, opposed the proposal. He admitted, however, that it would possibly be necessary, in order to raise new revenue, to modify the existing fiscal system. . The motion was negatived. In the Canadian House 1 of, Commons yesterday the debate on the Tariff Bill rfas resumed. Sir Chafles Tupper, the Leader of the*Oppo8itfon, expressed doubt as to the legitimacy of the argument used by the^Government- in favor of granting England an exclusive preference tariff. He thought the treaties in existence with Germany and Belgium would ' render the discriminating clause illegal. ' . The debate waB agaw adjourned; • Throughout Canada the newspapers and the public ^ warmly approve of the tariff proposals. The Right Hon; Joseph Chamberlain, Secretaiy of State for the Colonies,»hafe forwarded a* despatch ,to. the Canadian Government, stating that the Imperial authorities cordiafly^•' appreciate . the friehdly spirit displayed in Canada ov^r the new tariff. , i " , • , On the other hand • ^Belgium has officially protested against any amendment of the .duties 1n favor of England. f The monument erected in New Yj&rk; to the memory of General Grant, at one time commanding the, FMeral army in the Civil War, and subsequently twice President of the United Spates, was unveiled yesterday amid^ general rejoicing. Theceremonyofdedi(«tingtheceriotaph was witnessed by a vast assembly re^ preventative of. all the States .of ^the Union. Pageants were conducted by land and :sea, and many foreign warships assisted in the display. President. M'Kinley ^Iso, took advantage of the occasion to review the Amierican fleet and troops to.the nuAiber of 60,000. . \ In iJne L^isl&tiye; Assembly of the Cape CWony, the debate :6n Mr. P. J. du -Toit's motion linpressing' npon- all parties the msdom ^f m importaiice of cultivating Bpjrlt jJof ful observiuice to existing trealaes, yr^s; All t;he members pf th^ spoke, and' kn. amendnjent foreign Powers' condemn added to the motion. ~ , ^ The motib^asamendp^;^^ Mr> Oecil Rhodes yot^ ;agai^: the resolution. • - . . . Sir Gefcige Grey, the -veteran. New Ze^nd^litij^^iBrepM^ be; lioudy ill. _ *' The ^shipment of Tasmiitiiaii: rapples absolute Jfulure'. : > ^-Ttiiap, 2060; caseB.w^?p^dto^ attiyal, firmswliphad^jUrehM^-^ tumedit tott^hrpkenias^^ affected incoliseqiiende.N > ; ) ^^Si^^ii^^al^OM,;^ jof 3Je|Vi South WaleS, v «rho bas b^ pn an;^ tended vieit to England, wil l sail ior Sydney in the R:M.S. China. Atthe Epsom Spring Meeting to-day, the contest for the City and Suburban Handicap, of 200GSOTO; resulted as follows :— • ,.'['• Duke of Devonshire's BaWmo. 7st 41b (Harsh) ... ... ... / ... ... 1 Mr. Brassey'a Bay Eonflia, 7st 71b (Jennings, junr.)... • „.-' ... »2 Sir 3. Miller's La Sagesse, 7st 121b (Blaokwell) '"... : • \ . ,/3 •;'. > • ^LondohV:' *29i("*".-;-* The cordi^l relatipns existing between the . crowned^ heads ,/of Russia, and • Austria, as evidenced during the visit of tjhe Emperor FrainciB to St. Peteraburgh,- have induced expressions of satisfaction throughout Europe. The press generally ' consider the rappYoachement a guarantee \of peace for Europe. .The French newspapers alone observe a reticent attitude. / ! The fonnaitioh of the Weflt'Australian , Chamber of Mines in London has led to the formation of an independent and- more comprehensive institution. -An Australasian Chamber of Mines has now been establish to supply and regularly publish all information concerning the progress of the mines throughout the colonies. Sir Westby B. Perceval, ex- Agent-General for New Zealand; and Mesijrs. LowleB, Ziton, and X)ulton are amoug the founders/ Mr. 1 Dyer has been appointed secretaiy. . Mr. Gavin Scott, the timber expert, sent to Europe by the Victorian G;overnment, has arranged to exhibit-specimens of Australian hardwoods at Brussels and Leip&ic.; Tests of ptreet paving blocks * are to be made in Paris and Berlin. . . Sitting in the Bankruptcy Court yesterday, HiB Honor Sir Roland B. Vaughan Williams heard a friendly application for the winding up of the Australian : Joint. Stock Bank. An order was made granting the application on the understanding • that, the Bank would be reconstruct^. • A treaty has been concluded 'between ths Goveroments of Gevmany and the Oranere Free State providing for more friendly relations in commerce. The bill introduced in the House of Lords, to permit of a re-arrangement' between the London Bank of Australia and its creditors, hits been read a second time' in the House of Commons. No opposition was offered the measure. • • The death • is announced of • Mr Edward Fairfield. , " :. The Presbyterian Synod has rejected the petition of a minister alleging heresy against the Rev. A. Sfaftsoji. the wellknown author, whose' pen- name -is <>IanMaclaren." ':••: . ' The British Budget, just placed before'; Parliament, mt&es; provision for heavy additional expenditnre upon thedefencef oi South Airica. ? -•-< : Upon the garisoning* of the .different depots the'spiEanding of £200,000 is contemplated, and upon the strengthening of iihenscvy^^00,000; /^ ;, IiONOON. April-30. : The Agente-General 'for the Australasian Colonies have together secured a standinSt.'Paul's churchyard .ior: the; use of colonial visitors desirous of witnessing the:.thanksgiving B0mce td be^ held J in connection with tiie Queen's Reign ^celebrations. ,, • f.; ; ..Dr. William ^aumarez Smi% "Pri-: mate. pf , ^iiBfaralia, •'; ;has ; iWjraved- in London to take-part in |,he, :Ec»le<aastical Conferen<».. to be held a( Lain^ith Palace shortly. . ,, The ainess ,t)f. Sir George Grey, .the yet^O^w^eal^ndV^ j^ken ^ .forttfce wors^ a^d.h^ is Savill, and Alfeion ^Steamship Com- Royal- Mail >86rvio9 "between England- New- Zealand, held yesterday. ' The following inoyem^ntB in England of.. TO&aeis;^ ^ng^ed ; Apstntlian* ^oeiorj^^ ten^ ofioific^ ^iGeroaah (SoveniaDe&t; . .^IttlUj!^^ ties, however, have, refused :to v lostituie they must prove abortive, as Dr. Peters' conduct was not opposed to the native laws in East Africa. A large amount of betting is taking place on the English Derby, to be run on June 2. Following are the current quotations — 7 to 4 against Velasquez, by Donovan— .Vista. 8 to 1 against Gal tee More, by Kendal— '.Morgaaette. U to 1 against Vesnvian, by Royal .Hampton—FuBe.' v . In the House of Commons last night Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, delivered his Budget Speech. He said the revival in the trade of the United Kingdom reported last year had .been -well main- . tained. The revenue for the financial year had amounted to £103,950,000, and the expenditure to £101,477,000. The expenses of. the navy had increased 40 per cent, during the past five years, and the cost of education 43 per cent, in the same perio^. It was doubtful if the elementary system now in vogue gave the. best return for the money. The National . Dest had been reduced by £7,584,000 during the twelve months. The estimated income for the Currents year was £103,360,000, while the expenditure was set down at £101,791 J000. Pro- vision-] had been made for heavy additional expenditure uppn the defences dt South Africa. The garrison in the Cape Colony would be materially increased, an fextra sum of £200,000 being set aside for that purpose. It was also intended to spend a further £500,000 in strengthening tjbe navy. These arrangements were not proposed in any aggressive spirit. Great Britain would fulfil all her obligations, and. she expected others to do the same. _ In Home affairs' provision had been made to permit of increased postal and telegraph facilities. A reduction would be made in. the rates charged in connection with the parcels post, and it was intended to reduce the foreign and colonial postage rate for letters ;from to 2d, provided, of course, that the International Postal Union, shortly to meet in America, consented to the .. arrangement. The reduction, if made, it was estimated would absorb £366,000. With the balance of the surplus it had .; ; been decided to . provide improved syg- . tems of education in Ireland and Scot- .} • land. To meet the cost of generously<. . " receiving and entertaining the guests of . the nation on^ the-occasion oHhe Quewi's reign celebrations would possibly, necessltate great changes in the fiscal system. - / In the debate which fojlpwed -Sir . William Vernon Harcourt, leader ol the Opposition, said his party would offer the most 'determined resistance to any . - wlHike Operations against the Trans-, ' vaal. The hon. member for Birmin^ham (the Right Hon. Joseph Cham|)er-. lain, SeCTetary of State for the Colonies), ; liad, he said, 'for menihs tried to produce a racial war in South Africa, and exasperate the Dutch. . \ The Right Hon. Joseph Chamberlain lutstily.zbse,' and.. iMStijr- ^Q^flBi^l-'.fte < remarks of the last speaker as: pernicious, dangerous, ; aiid- hfgUy un-' . patriotic. ySuch language wa6 oilculated : - v to seriously enibarrass the Govei^ment, and injure the ^cause ^of peace.^ Opposition intendedtha,t the Tnnsyaal ;.!•;:,'•"> Government should be pennitted\\-to ,. break through every obUgatidn to Great Britain ' with impunity; it woiild fee better to.raise the issne immediaSiely. ; j[t was • absolute nonsense to accuse. /%s,tm-.' - perial Government of aggression, he-' cause they provided an additional aoeiit pf, soldiers, and ^^, '* teries - of artiltery,.after the^^jij^l^ authorities haid apent over ; ^^dx^flg^amhg the armanfiegte.' of; tiie:* Colony would be gratefol to the British •, The Right Hpn. A. J. B^ifoui-j l^d^ ' rSniu^unirihiB' ' the • ''• ; ^pii^ in sar^stic "* " eiifealiiig wordB :. 