I LATEST! TELEGRAPHIC I I SYDNEY, MONDAY, A man named Archibald M'Kee has. bren arrested at Auckland on a charge of having attempted to murder Thomas Clough, post- master at Te Aroha, in July of last year. Accused was only recently liberated from a Lunatic Asylum. Mr. Premier Reid, who arrived at Mel- bourne on Saturday, en rovie to England, was met at the railway station by the Minister for Mines. Henry Strick, engineer at the Band of Albion mitie. Ballarat, was killed on Satur- day through being pierced In the abdomen hy a pumplng-engine rod. Mr. Pilcher, Q.O., who was released from quarantine on Saturday, says he does not see the utility of enforcing such strict quarantine in these colonies. Ernest Charles Buley, senior clerk in the Melbourne Mint, bas been arrested on a charge of stealing £126, consisting of old coins received from a bank. Tasmanian Parliament meet on July Oth tn deni willi the Commonwealth Bill. A barefaced attempt to " boom " the Hep- burn Estato stock was made In Melbourne on Saturday hy means of a bogus order sent through the Telegraph Office, addressed to Barwick, a broker at Ballarat, purporting to be signed by A. J. Clarke, of the firm of Clarke and Company, ordering 1000 shares up to 80s, the market value being only 20s. Two persons are suspected. Mr. Eddy, who hos just returned from a tour of inspection on the southern and south- western lines, says the country through which he passed ls in a deplorable condition owing to drought, which appears even more accentuated than in 1880. ' . The Queensland bacteriologist is not hopeful of his experiments in the direction of the discovery of a virus to render stock proof from Tick fever. The latest returns respecting tho West Australian elections give Ministerialists 20, the Opposition 7, and Independent 7. The South Australian Club Handicap resulted-Acton 1, Response 2, Birksgate 3. Speaking at Bathurst yesterday. Cardinal Moran said he had not been prompted in coming forward ns a candidate for the Federal Convention by any political object ; but from the purest motives of patriotism, and nt the request of prominent Protes- tants. He further stated that he had no desire to he elected ; but his nomination hud been fruitful of good results, the. chief of which was that the best tea representatives had been elected. A rumor Is current In pnlitical circles that Mr. M'MIUan will probably be elected Speaker of tbo'Assemhly, in the event of Slr Joseph Abbott succeeding to the Agent Generalship. ' At Lucknow yesternight, the residence of a miner named Roberts was destroyed by fire. Mrs. RqbertB and her three young children were burnt to death. A man named Charles Cooper, who rushed into . the burning , house, seized two nf the children, and whon seen endeavoring to bring them out, was crushed to death hy the collapse of thc burning roof. It Is announced that the Premier left behind him a minute, granting an additional ¿¡OOO for the purpoBB of sending a team of riflemen to the Blsley matches, This brings the total , amount granted by the Govern- ment to £1700. SYDNEY, MONDAY Niairr. Russell forecasts light winds, cast to north, with filie, warmer weather. A committee has been appointed hy the Government to advise us to details of celebrations to bo, carried out in Sydney in connection with tho Record Reign cele- brations. The central feature will, probably, be u big Military Review display, in which troops from all parts of the colony will take part. In the evening the city, harbour, and foreshores will be illuminated. The poor of Sydney and other centres will not he forgotten ; a portion of the money expended will be devoted to their relief, and possibly on a more liberal scale than during the jubilee and centennial years. The Gore-Gillon judicial separation suit is still unfinlsed. F. B. Suttor, ex- Minister of the Crown, gave evidence to-day, ? He declared that there was no truth lu the suggestion that he had been guilty of any impropriety with the petitioner. He visited theGIHons, with his wife and family, merely as ordinary friends. The condemned man Hines, who was sen- tenced to death for rape at Maitland, is reconciled to bis fate. " . ' PASTEURISED MILK » AND ,-. ORHAM. - Mr. ' MacEwtin, the Government Chief Dairy Expert in New Zealand, has returned from a visit to America, Sweden and Greut Britain. His mission was to study the latest develop- ments in dairying, especially as to tue Pasteurisation of milk and cream. There was no danger of Australian butter nnd . cheese failing to find a market in England, (he said) so long asa high standard of quality was maintained. At present, however, there was no uniformity of quality in Australian supplies, and that was the chief drawback. Canadian and Danish butter was imported in enormous quantities week'after week, and never seemed to vary In quality to any perceptible degree. That gave it an immense advantage on tho market. Still, Mr, MacEwun thinks that tho fact that there is always a market for good Australian butter is encouraging, and should stimulate export- ers to persevere until they can guarantee supplies of a uniform grade: He thought the system of Pasteurisation waa largely responsible for tho uniformity of grade which was so characteristic of tho Danish butter. The A.J.S. Bank at Casino will be closed on 31st May. - - ? ' ' The Works -Department acknowledge through the Member for Grafton receipt of an application for tho erection of a bridge over Southion Creek, on road fro nf Eatons- ville punt to Orara junction. The.. Attorney-General has declined to prosecute in tho case of E. Shields, com- mitted on a charge of alleged criminal libel on O, B. Dobbin, of Lawrence. A girl named Bradley, who was severely burned at Kempsey a fow days ngo, died on Thursday. A meeting of shopkeepers assistants was held nt Kempsey for the purpose of forming an early closing association. At a meeting at Kempsey on Thursday, a Farmers' Union was formed for the Macleay. Hundreds of sheep are dying in the Con doblin district, owing to the continued drought, and a large number of men are employed skinning the carenscs. At a sitting of the Royal Commission on Old Ago Pensions in Melbourne witnesses stated that the majority of casos of indigence were due to drinking and improvidence. Over £4500 will bo paid to milk suppliers on the durance this week Ulmarra will distribute about £1500, and Southampton and Grafton about £500 encb. The Duo d'Auuiulo, n Prince of tho family of Orleans, died suddenly from shock on hearing of the terrible death of the Duchess of Alencon at the Parla fire. In the House of Commons the Financial Secretary to tho Treasury said that tho colonies objected to a penny postage to Great Britain, and that foreign States also objected, to a system of penny postage bet ween Great Britain and the colonies. Tho Transvaal Volksrand has repealed the Aliens' Immigration Expulsion Bill, on the ground of the objections raised by adjacent Utot and by Britith colonies, 