BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. . FltOU MELBOURNE l'AFERS.1 London, May 19. It is reported from tlio Brass Rivor, in tho Niger. Territory, . that tho King. of Boussn has deolined tho offer of French nssistnnco to quell tlio rebellion, nnd has nskud the Royal Niger Protectorate Com pany to nssist. Tlio Fronah authorities havo threatened tlio King, and have assisted in burning tlio town' of AVawn, which resulted in 100 natives losing thoir lives. In tho Orqngo . Frao Stato Band tlio first reading of a bill dealing with aliens and immigrants, similar to tho moasuro rooontly repealed by tho Transvaal Arolksraad, lias boon carried. by a snatch vote. - 'Tho Belgian Chamber of Doputios, recognising that tho Canadian tariff is not admissible for tlio trade of thoir country, lias decided that tho Government must safeguard its ono interests. ' Chief Justice AVny, of South Australin, wliu lias boon sworn in ns k member of tlio Privy Council, tnis been asked to attond tlio meetings of tho Judioial Com- mittoo throughout. May 20. Tlio United States Houso of Represent atives has concurred, in tlio resolution, passed by tho Sonato at tho suggestion : of President MoKinloy, that 60,000dol bo voted for tlio roliof of distressed Americans in Cuba. Tho United States Sonato lias adopted a resolution uccnialing Culnnnd Spain tlio rights of war, Amorica remaining noutral, by 40 votes to 14. Tlio dooision was applauded by a largo assomblngo' in the giulory. . Germany threatens to withdraw all American farming products from tiio minimum tariff in retaliation for tlio adoption of , tho sugar dutios by tho United States. Tho Princess of AValos, through hor private secretary, has written to tho Lord Mayor of Loudun, who lias informed Mr J. Chamberlain, Socratnry of State for tho Colonies, that hor Royal Highness very highly appreciates' tlio magnificent gift of 20,000 slieop nud 500 bullocks from tho Australian pasturalists " to hor fund for providing dinners for tho poor of tlio cities during tho jubiloo oolobrations. The Prineoss of AValos Btrongly desires that tlio wishes of tho donors in regard to tho division of tire slieop and cattlo bo followed. Sho suggests that tlio Provost of Edinburg and tho Mayor of Dublin bo notified of tlio wishes of tlio pastornlists, to onablo thorn to mako suitablo nrraugo- monts for tlio distribution in Scotland and Ireland. Tbo quotation to-day for bar sliver was 2s 3jjd per oz standard. Tno butter markot is dull, quotations boing from 80s to 88s por cwt. There aro at present heavy BUpplios of coroign and English in tho market. Danish is quoted 0 kroncrs lower. Australian rabbits aro at present slow of salo at 8d oacli. Thu markot for Australian moat is dull, and tlio quotation unchanged. At the wool sales to-day thoro was an oxccllont (loninnd and guod competition all round, tlio prices rcnliscd favorimr sellers. " Tlio Graok Govormnont has issued a memorandum to tlio Greek Christians in Crete rolutivo to tliu dosiro for nnnoxation toGreoco and objecting to autonomy undor tlio nominal control of Turkey. Tlio Orobius arc. advised to fall in witli tlio viow's of tlio Grunt Poivors, and tn accept the form of autonomy dovised by tlio Admirals of tlio combined fleets It is luiivovor, suggested that it must bo a com dition procodont to tlio acceptance of tho proposal that tlio wiiolo of tiio Turkish troops shall lis withdrawn from Croto. ilio suggested autonomy docs not find lavor with the more advanced, and, it is bolioved, numorous and influential body of Groolc Chriatmns in Croto. To-day's proceedings at tlioSolect Com- mittco of tho Houso of . Commons ap pointed to investigate tho causes of tho incursion in tho South African Republic by Dr Jameson, woro marked by sovoral scenes. Mr. Harris was boing examined, and a number of fiory rcoucs occurred' between hiin and Mr Laboiiclioro. Mr. Hurri' indignantly denied tho truth of tho assertions tiiado rolativo to liiinsolf fti m. Alfred Boib in tlic columns of | Truth, ' and also in tho Parisian journal, u Gaulois." In botli tho papors it was assorted that Mr Harris and Mr Boib lmd deliberately M beared" the shares of tlio Chartered Company on tlio London markot for a certain object. Tho Select Committoo passod a resolution con juring Mr Labouchero for writing to " Gaulois." They also noted Mr Harris' denial, and have callod upon Mr Labou chero to prove tho charges lio has mado against Mossrs Harris and Boit. The bill which .was introduced in tho House of Commons to nrovido for an in creased number of Board Schools in Eng land has been read a third time and passed. There was a scene of great oxcituinent at tho last meeting of the Senate of tho Unvcrsity of Camnridgo arising out of a proposal that degrees should be conferrod on women who navo passed t lio requisite examination. By a majority of 1000 votes tho proposal was rejectod. Thoro woro again excellent sales at the wool auctions this afternoon, prices con tinuing vory firm. For continuation of reading matter. see fourth page. 