Legislative Assembly. The Speaxee took the chair at.3 p.m. . CARRIAGE OF IMPORTED WHEAT. Mr. Dickson, in reply to Mr. King, statod that the following quantities of imported -wheat had been carried from Brisbane to the places mentioned sinco December 5, 1896. Toowoomha, 332 bsgs, weighing 34 tons 6 owt. 14 lbs., rato 22s. 2d. per ton, freight £38 0s. 7d. j Roma, throe hags, woighing 4 owt. 3 qrs. 14 lbs., rato 54s. 10d., freight 13s. 3d. None hud boen carried to Allora or Warwiok. LIMITATION OF SECURITY. On tho motion of Mr. Cboss, it was rosolved that the House at its next sitting resolve itself into committee to consider the desire- ahlonoaa of introducing a hill for limiting tho security to mortgaged property. SCHOLARSHIP RETURNS. Mr. Groom moved for certain returns in connection with tha distribution of grammar school scholarships. Tho motion was carried. LOCAL GOVERNMENT BILL. Leave was obtained in committee for the > introduction of a bill to consolidate and amend tho Locnl Government Aots. ADDRESS-IN -REPLY. Tho dobate on the address- in-reply was resumed. Mr. Ghataway said tho speech dealt largely with questions whioh affected the sgrionl- tural industry, whioh they wore all agreed was of great importance to the colony. Ho was not going to say that tho industry was greater wan tho mining or any other industry, hut he held that a country which had not a settled agricultural population had little chanco of stable government or real progress. Much had boon Baid against tho despatch of lcoturors to England. Tho Government in this mutter had boen in a vorv difficult position. They were assailed on all sidos by assertions that the eolony was not known in the old country, and the problem of assisting immigration was a serious one for them to decido. The appointment of leoturors was only on experi ment whioh might or might not turn out suc cessfully. Ho hold that it would be dcsirablo to induce Danish farmers to come to Aus tralia. But important as it was to indues immigration, ho boliovcd that it was more important that thoy should pay somo attention to those who were already sottled on the land. (Hear, hear.) He believed that conditions should ho mode for them which woold he more encouraging. Ho thought that the Repurchased Lands Act bod not "been altogether successfully administered. A great question for tho present time wob tho necessity of obtaining ohcap monoy for Manners. Tho farmers of any country must and would borrow, and muny Behemes woro ' being considered now for tho reduction of the indebtedness of furmors. If thoy based their calculations upon tho oxpcrienco of other countries, thov would find that there woro three essential conditions upon which the success of a schema would entirely depend. Tho first was proximity — that is, tho bor rower and the lendor should bo uour, and ; know each other. Secondly, thoro should be complete security to the lendor. Thon it was ,, nooessarjr that tho borrower should have Safety and facility, and that tho expenditure should ho on lines whioh woro most likely to soouro a , profit. The Stato, ho hold, should organise credit, and stimulate competition with the ihohey-lendor. The Government, ho thought, '. should soriously consider the mattor, unless ' they wanted to ho swept away on the rising tide of this fooling. It would bo impossiblo for a privato member . to get a bill for the purpose through tho House.; - Tho question of drainago, whioh cost about £6 an aero, was entirely out of tho power of the fnrmorto nttond to. - Until thero was if oo-oporative bank from whioh a farmer cbnld-horrow on easy terms of ropaymout, it would he impossible for a further to tako up tho' work of drainago. Ho thought the Government might immediately bring forward ', a hill to deal with this question. He ro- ' gretted that thoro was mo mention in tho ' speeoh of sugar bounties. Tho continental Governments at present were taking in hand one industry -tho sugar industry— and, whon thoy had succeeded in wiping ont the sugar industries in otiior parts of tho world, thoy might cosily turn their attention to ours. He thought the Government might bring in a ineasuro similar I to that adopted by tho West Indian Govern- ment, for the purposo, if possible, of putting j sp end to this very unfair . trade. Another ( matter ho referred to was the difficulty 0f getting agricultural land within reasonable distance of a railway. The reason of it was that there was insufHoiontrailway communica tion. Tho existing lines had all been built on a standard paugo, and at on oxpense quite disproportionate, if exception woro made of the main lines, to the trafilo they woro intended to carry. Ho thought that if tho railway was sufficient to carry tho troffio that was all thoy .needed to make it. Ho felt sure that in tho mattor of railway construction thoy conld tako advice from tho control States of Europe. Thoro hundreds of miles of light lines woro working, and thoy woro found to be as cheap as possible. In reference to Mr. Grimes's oritioism of tho appointmont of a Ministorof Agrioulturo, ho said that, coming from tho only practical farmor in tho House — the only man who know the handle from tho beam of a plough — it should not ho allowed to go without an answor. If suoh criticisms woro to he con tinued, ho thought it was necessary that thoy should havo tho Minister in tho House to answer thom. In roforenoe to the agricultural journal, ho presumed that it was to take the place of tho departmental hullotins whioh were issued gratis to tho farmers. Ho had never heard any objections raisod to those bnUotuiH boforo. Mr. Grimes's charge in that commotion was therefore of littio import ance. Ho also roplied to Mr. Grimes's remarks about tho appointment of a boy from the Hawkesbury and tho purchase of an ongino for cutting silo. He thought tho hon. member for Oxloy's attempt to damage tho Gatton collego in tho oyes of students beforo it was started was a most unpatriotic and disloyal action. Mr. Murray said ho was inblinod to think thoro was absolutely no Opposition in tho House whatovcr. It was lumentablo, ho thought, to soo member after member stand ing up and pouring praise over the Govern ment. Thero woro, ho thought, somo of thoir notions whioh required eensuro. Tho dele gates who hod attended tho Hobart Fcdoral Counoil wont down, ho believed, with the deliberate intention of blocking tho work of tho Fodoral Convention ; in deed, ono of tho delegates, Mr. Barlow, had said so in so many words. Now they saw tbo Government going down on its knees oraving to bo admitted to tho convontion. Whon all the States of Australia wore gathered together to endeavour to form a union, Sir Hugh Nolson was tho only Premier who by his blunder ing had causod his State to stand out. Queensland ought to have boon represented in the convontion. Tho delegates who attended the council had no authority to go down to Hobart to attempt to block federation. The feeling in Queensland to-day was Btrongly in favour of federation. (Voices: "Hear, hear," and "No, no.") He contended that the demand for tho Land Purahaso Act did not pp ring from the farmers at nil, hnt from the vendors of land. (Mr. GlaBSoy : " Quite right, Murray.") There was no necosaity to purchase book a faw acres of land that had just beon Bold. He had heard that negotia tions wore about to bo comploted for the purchase of 70,000 acres of Headington Hill lands, somo of whioh were not fit for agri cultural purposes at nil. He hold that there was no reason why tho Government should intorforo at all. Tho ownors knew that without cultivating their land thoy conld not mako it pay, and thoy would bo compelled to soli it to tho furraers. He would oppose any oxtension of tho Aot, ' because he contended tho Government had too much land of their own to coramonce land-jobbing in this way. Tho Gatton Agrionltnral College was most approved by people who knew loust about it. Ho thought tho farmers should he given oredit for knowing how to onrry on thoir own business host, and there woro many agri culturists in tho eolony who could give the professors thomsolvos a wrinklo or two. To think that boys who woro Bent to a collogo to bo taught genteel farming would ho success ful, was absurd. Successful farmers woro born and bred, not mado or educated. He thought ho could soe anothor coalition Govornmont being formed. Thoy hod no Opposition whatovcr. Tho Govern ment could not do its businoss properly unless its policy was keenly oritioised, which ho denied it had beon in this caao. Thoy never heard tho numo of tho working man moutioncd now, and ho saw nothing for it hut to oham- pion his cause. Tho question of immigration was a very important ono.' Ho did not know what the aim and object of tho Govornmont was in this mattor, unless it wus to build up a great nation — a great nation so far as num bers woro conoorned. Ho hold that thoy owed first a duty to themselves. Thoy woro at present the most woalthy and prosperous colonists in Australia, and ho thought they should leave well alono. Ho quoted statistics in support of tho contention that Queensland is tho most prosperous colony of tho group, nor excepting Now Zealand. Population would como in duo time, but ho obiootod to taxing tho peoplo to induco immigration. Tho colony ought to bo suifioient at traction in itself to induco tho host men in Europo to oomo hero. Ho agreed with tho proposal to further extend tho trunk linos of railway. Ho stated that tho blunder mado" over tho wharves at Broadmount had been attended to in a way which umountcd practically to a worso blunder than boforo. Ho wus greatly afraid that when tho wharves wore comploted and tho railway opened up, tlio port would not give adequate fuoilities for tho vossols whioh passod up and down tho oonst. He urged that immediate inquiry should bo mado into tho matter. Ho had found that sinco 1861 the valuo of thoir produots had failou 40 per cant. The peoplo who hud to boar tho brunt of this fall of vulues woro those ongagod in the primary work of production. Tlioro had boon no pro portionate rcduotion in tho cost of govern ment, so tliut tho peoplo while Buffering from the offcot of the diminution of values liad to hear the same heavy taxation us of old. Ho boliovcd that tho expenses of govornmont woro too extravagant altogether. The avorago condition of tho loiigthsman on tho railway was superior to tho avorago condition of tlio agrionltnral producers in tha western parts of tho colony. And yot tho Govornmont kept piling up the costs of administration. (All hon. raom- lior : " Commissions and that sort of thing.") It was said that tlio commission was a sop. Ho denied it. The only rogret he had in tho matter was that tnoy had beon too hurried. Ho was convinced that , thoir labours would result in good. Ono thing that had struck him was that tlio oliraiitio and physical conditions of certain portions of tlilB oolony aduptcd it sololy to pastoral purposes, and ho hold that it would bo a orimo to sond agriculturists to such country as this. Ho thought that instead of induoing immigration they should chargo a premium for admission to the oolony. If it .was worth £60 to a Chinaman, it was worth a good deal more to a whito man. Ho con gratulated Sir Horace Tozcr upon tho honour thnt bad boen conforrcd upon lum. Ho had done his duty to tlio country in an houonrnblo and courteous way. If ho liad only paBSod tho Teuoo Preservation Aot he would have been worthy of all tho honour that' had been placed upyn him,- It wus a : - , ; ) " measure wbiiph had done more for tho working men than the loader of the labour party had done . during the whole time ho had been in the House. He expressed gratification at the general 'response that haa .boon given to tho Secretary of State's invitation to com- momdratb the Queen's memorable roign'. He olaimed to be a demoornt. Mr. M'Donaid : I'll give it up after this. (Laughter.) Mr. Murray said he was proud of the country thoy hod sprung from, and of the mighty mon who woro guiding its destinies. Also ho was proud of Queensland, and if anvono desired any more froedbm than he, oujoyod horo, let nim go to Paraguay and' get it. (Laughter and cheers.) Mr. Foxton said if Mr. Murray's argu-, ments in respeot to federation wore worth anything, ho probably would have preferred to sco tho colony in tho condition in whioh it was 30 years ago to tho position in whioh they found it to-day. Queensland was one of tho few countries in the world where up to tho present tinio _ thoy had had praotioally no toohnioal education for farmers. Now, -when federation was hoing spoken of, tho londost voioos in opposition woro thoso of tho farmers, who foaroa compe tition with communities where technical education was givou to tho furmors. Tho Agricultural Lands Ropurohaso Aot ho regarded as one of tho best land Aots which had been placed on tho statute hook of tho oolony. It wob alleged that tho Aot was administered for tho purpose of increasing the nroDonderanco of nonulation in tho south. Mr. Browne : Hear, hear. Mr. Foxton said ho denied it. Any man who was not utterly prejudiced would admit that tho Aot was being administered in such a way that it would do an immense amount of good to tho colony. Tho demand for the partionlarly fine land on tho Darling Downs had accounted for the applioation of the Aot so largely there. To term tho Government land jobbers was an unfair way of describing the operations under tho Aot. It was only a method of the State stepping in between the person who wanted to buy and the person who wanted to soil. Mr. Turret : Generally in the interests of the pooplo who want to soil. Mr. Foxton said ho distinotly denied thnt. Every purohoso that had beon mado'under tho Aot, with the exception of one, had proved to he most excellent. Mr. Murray's authority as to the interior quality of the Headington Hill lands was quite wrong. It was a most eligiblo and desirable property. (Mr. Groom : Hear, hear.) Re ferring to the Land Commission ho said that last year he had stated his opinion that the appointmont of such a commission would ho useless. But thoro wore a number of gontlemon in the House who thought differently, and who desired information on tho Hubjcot of tho land laws, and ho had con cluded that thoy should got as mnoh as it was possible to collect. Ho was somowhat surprised that tho commission had boon ablo to do so muoh in so short a timo. As to the , appointments, it was stated that they had beon mudo as a sort of consolation to some gentlemen who woro not mado Ministers. That was a libel on the Govornmont and the gontiemen who were appointed. It was an inference that tho gontiemen were candidates for nfiico in tho Ministry, and if persons in the community thought that tho gentlemen were eligiblo to administer tbo Department of Lands that was ap argument that they were woll qualified to sit on suoh a commission. As to other namos which had been mentioned there had boon a score, hut thoir qualifica tions mado no reason why tho five gentlemen who were selected should not have boon so solccted. He did not know that it was desir- ablo in appointing commissions to recognise any particular parties. It was desirable, he thought, to got gentlemen well informed on tho subject whioh it was proposed to inquire into. After all, ho did not think that tho roport contained much information which was not beforo in possossion of tho department. In reply to a remark by Mr. Glassey, he ox- plained that it was not until ho had got as far as Thargomindah on his western tour that ho learned Mr. Leahy had returned to Brisbane by way of Sydney. Ho intended no discourtesy whatever towards tho hon. member. Ho laid stress upon tho faot that tho Agricultural Lands Purohaso Aot could he made an ad mirable moans of sottling immigrants on the lands, which would havo" the advantage, besides indircot ones, of relieving the Treasury of oxpendituro, or at least of tho neces sity of tho outlay of monoy whioh would not eventnally find its way back to tho Treasury. He challenged tho wisdom, thoroforo, of the op position offorcd to the Government's polioy in this matter. Thoy woro able to say to the immigrant, " You have no pioneering to do, hut a fair value for tho land has to ho paid, though on vory easy terms." Thoy would be pluocd on lands on oonditions as closely assimilated as possible to thoso to whioh they had boon usod in tbe country from whioh thoy caino. This, ho thought, would make success probable whoro otherwise failure might havo boon certain. The neoessity which former immigrants hud had to face of doing pionoering work, had resulted in many eases in thoir losing their capitul, becoming disheartened, and writing home suoh accounts of thoir oxporioncoH as must liavo deterred otiior possiblo immigrants. Sinco 1886 tho reeoipts from selections, so oallcd, liad boon gradually decreasing, and tho Treasurer had had to look to the lund to supply tho deficiency in tho land rovonuo. It would ho necessary for the department, to supply thiH deficiency, to soli u portion of tho publio lands ovory your. Ho quoted figures to show that during the past ton yonrs, owing to tho operation of tho 1884 Act, thero had beon a falling off of £65,090 in rovenno fromluud selection. And good as the Aot of 1884 might bo for the ultimate purposes of tho eolony, thoy hud to reokon on tins shrinkage of rovenuo from soleotion. Pastoral1 ronts might havo slightly inoroased during that timo. This dofioienoy must lie mot by tha Bulo of lands under the uuotion clauses of tho 1884 Aot. Mr. Stewart ; Impose a land tax. Mr. Foxton repeated that it would he necessary for him to avail himsolf of the auction olausos for the purposo of making up this loss. But oven if thoy availed thom- solves to tho fullest extent of tho auction clauses, th6y were not getting rid of tho publio estate in freoholds at tho sumo rate as thoy woro ten years ago, Mr. Daniels: You wore getting rid of Brnull holdings then. Mr. Foxton said tho Agricultural Lands Purohaso Aot was a complete answer to tho hon. momber for Camhooya. Continuing, ho explained that even in tho ovont of olicnution of largo areas of Crown lands, the remedy wus ulways in the. hands of Parliament. Par liament could at any tiiae- rcmody any ovil that might arise. In tlio meantime it was ominontly satisfactory from a commer cial aspect for tlio country to got 25 per eont. moro vovonue out of tho lupd sold than could possibly be got from a maximum rental us grazing farms. At this moment it would ho possiblo for him to sell half a million of uoros of Crown lands ut 10s. an ttoro, hut it liad boon necessary for him to oxoroiso suoli discretion us lie was ablo and dooide whoro it would bo loast detrimental to the country to ulionata tho land, and ho naturally solootcd those parte of tho country whoro tho boro water could be got at very great depth if nt all. He pointed ont, liowover, that the neoessity for sale l>y uuotion was a gradually diminishing quantity. Tho revonuo from grazing farm rontul was gradually inaroasing, and by tho timo somo of tho'land in tho' woBt- orn oountry begun to fall in,' ubout ten years' honco, ho ventured to say that tlio rental from grazing farmn would ho throe times greater than it wus at presont. Speaking of tlio Land Board, in respoot of somo of their recout decisions, ho donreouted any attnok upon tho board, seeing that they could not dofeud thomsolvos. Tho dooisions of tho board wore arrivod nt without any interest on thoir part whatovcr. Ho did not supposo anyone would oaro to do away with tho Land Board, whoso operations woro without bias of any kind. Tho Land Board was thero to deal out impartial justioo without respect to any person. Tlicro wus a enso reported in tho nowspupors — lio was not going to purtiouiorise furthor — hut ho had looked into tho ovidonoo, and ho hud beon able to point out to tho parties that though thoy folt thoy liiid a griovnnoo, tlio Land Board could liuvo dono no other than that thoy did. Homo soemod to think that a man could put in npplioutlons and havo as many votes at tlio ballot for u soleotion as lio hnd availablo children. That wus not, in his opinion, the objeotof the ballot. It was not fair to thoso selectors who had no available children. . He boliovod 'that every man rhould Imyo only one vote at tho ballot, and ho was only too delighted that the Land Board took that view of tho question. Mr. Dawson : Does the Land Board insist upon inquiry into the bona-fidos of every application t Mr. Foxton said very probably;' that was what thoy were for. He hoped that it would be mado perfootly cloar that that was tho proper attitude for tho Land Board to take up. Reply ing to remarks mado by Mr. Glassey with reference to the absence of the Premier, he asserted that even if he was the best man that had ever stood in tho House, ho was doing far moro for the colony under presont circumstances than he could possibly have done if ha had stayed at home. And as regards tho 26 mon of tho Defenoe Force sent home to take part in the jubilee celobra- tions, whioh aot had boon cavilled at by some hon. members, he wonld have hlnshcd had it como about that Queensland from inotivos of parsimony and falso economy had beon the only responsible dopendonoy of tho British Crown which was not so represented — and ho was suro that thoso other members would havo hlushod also. Ho further pointed out that tho prosonco of tlio mon of tho Qaeons- land Dofonco Foroo in England was tho greatest advertisement of the colony that could havo been devised. Mr. R. H. Smith said the suhjoct of federation whs dealt with in a vory light manner last session, and now Queensland was outting a sorry figure in relation to tho other colonics. Could Queensland stand alone? Ho said sho could not, aud sho must oomo into the fodorntion. Ho fully agreed that tho Minister for Agrioulturo should ho . a mombor of that House. Regarding tho Lands Ropurohaso Aot, ho thought theMiniBtar would he acting rightly in pnrohnsing land suitable for agriculture. Ho oonsidorod if restrictive measures could he at all onforocd they Bhould bo in ordor to kcop out tlio influx of Japanese into the colony. Tlio colony was to bo con gratulated on the appointmont of Sir Henry Norman as Agent-General. Mr. Aiuistrono congratulated tho Ministers upon tho honours that had boen conforrcd upon them. Ho complimented tho Minister for Lands upon the able speeoh ho hud made, but ho did not agree with his remarks about the wholesale solo of land. Ho maintained that thore wits no neoossity to sell the laud, and he affirmed that the stated polioy of the Premier bofore ho went to Englund was that no lands should he sold. Ho (Mr. Armstrong) submitted that thoro was a remedy for any defioieuoy in a readjustment of tno rentals nil over the colony in aooordanco with tlio rainfulls and other advantages. Ho ulso contended against tho Minister for Lands remark that the action of tho Land Board should not ho disoussed. Thoy woro justified, ho sub mitted, in reviewing the actions of tho Land Board, which made hard and fast rules. In referonco to tho Colinton land caso, ho instanced a caso in which a son who hud successfully solccted loud was charged with dummying, und yot tho father was en deavouring to set bis son up on a farm. If fathers would find the land for their sons it was hotter for the country that the country should he so settled than if u stranger camo in. Mr. Foxton said it was not fnirtothoothor man. Mr. Arustrono askod why should not a man with several sons havo soleotion ohanccs in this way in proforonoo to othora ? Thoro was nothing in tbo law to say that ho should not. Most of tho troubles whioh oxistod with rcforonoo to tho soleotion of lund would disappear if tho oonditions wore freor. Why ' not make one condi tion of residence V Ho firmly boliovod that no ono law respecting tho land could ho dovised whioh oould bo applicable to the wholo of the country. Tho oonditions in tho several parts of tho oolony wore suoli as to demand separate provisions and legislation. A good deal had boon said during tho dobato both in favour of and against tho Govornmont. For himself ho must Bay that ho approved of their measures, though ho strongly disap proved of tho notion of the Home Secretary m his having seen fit to free 829 prisonors in seven or eight years. If that was necossary thero must bo aomothing wrong with tho administration of the law somewhore. Ho regretted that the Minister for Agrioul- turo had not a seat in tiro Assembly, and. commenting upon tho appointment of the Hon. Mr. Thvnno to that position, ho gavo him every crklit for being an enthusiast in the work he had nndertakon ; hut Mr. Thynno was not a practical man. Ab regards fodorn tion, he thought it would havo to como about vory gradually. He admitted that tho idea of federation was vory pratty so far as sentiment was concerned; hnt thoro was tho £ a. d. consideration. What would it profit us P Referring to tho Agricultural Collogo, ho said part of the duty of the Agricultural Collogo was to teach the students how to farm cheaply. Tho hon. member for Oxloy had shown the cost of placing tho ground under oortam crops, hut what was the senso of it when results were not shown? It had boon made to appear that tho institution of the Agricultural Collogo had boen forood upon tho Govornmont by tno Farmers' Union. That was not so. What they had desired was tho institution of ox- porimont farms in sevoral distriots. Mr. Leahy : You havo got more than you asked for. Mr. Arhstboxo, continuing, said they could have too muoh of any good thing. Another matter that required a little correc tion wus tlio statomont that tho oolloge hud oost £22,009. It hod coBt nothing of the sort. Tho collego had beon obarged with other oxponsos, as, for instance, thoso of Professor Shelton, &o.; The collego itself was chargoublo with £16,600 only. If it went about that so largo a sum as had been stated had beon spent on tho collego, ho wus afraid thoro would come a reaction of feeling in the colouy against tbe agricultural industry. Passing on to other subjects mentioned in tho Governor's address, ho hoped that somo good would attend the efforts in the direction of arbitration and con ciliation in tho sottlemont of trado disputes. Tho promised measure to donl with tho regis tration and regulation of dairies was a very important one, and much needed. Somo advorso oritioiam had boon passed upon tho membors of tho Land Commission, but taking it on tho wholo ho thought it had boon very fair. Somo montion had been made regard ing tho disabilities in respect of fnoilitios for eduoation wliioh children of tho bush laboured undar. - Ho agreed with what had beon said, and hoped tno caso of tho ohiidron wonld rccoive attention. In conclusion, ho thought thoy should establish somo publio holiday in commemoration of tho Qucon's jubiloo, und suggested that honcoforth Juno 22 should ho regarded as a publio holiday, and called, say, Viotona Day. Mr. Obirb said lie could not agree with tho statomont that . tho Minister for Agrioulturo should he a member of tho Legislative Assembly. It was quito reasonable that he should sit in tho othor Chamber. Regarding tho notion of tlio Government ho was greatly satisfied with tho administration, and did not think a ohnngo was desirable. Ho did not object to tho appointment of the mining and land commissions. Tho hon. mombor for Konncdy had pointed out that thoro were no labour mombors on tho Lands Commission, but he did not point out that there woro two on tho Mining Com mission. (A hon. member: " You could not got thom anywhere olao.") He thought tho appointments had boen vory fairly distributed. Ho did not favour tho appointmont of royal commissions us a rule hut was willing to tako theso two, sinco thoy woro appointed, and hooauso of tho valuo of their results. Ho spoke on tlio position of the cotton and woollen industries and said he hoped to soe reasonable assistaueo given for tho fostering of thoso and othor industries throughout the oolony. Ho exonerated tho Minister for Lands from any blnmo in tho mattor of tho dooisions arrived at by the Land Board with regard to applications mado for selcetions by moro than one member of tlio same family. Mr. M'Donalb said in tho loug speeoh dolivorod by Mr. Foxton thoro was ono sub ject whioh had not boon, oloared up, und thut was in roforence to somo remarks which hnd boon published in a oiroular issuod by tho Pastoralists' Union regarding tho withdrawal of tho Lund Bill lost session. Mr. Foxton said that wus not corroot, and the withdrawal of tho Land Bill was in no way oonsoquont upon consultation with tho Pasto ralists' Union. Mr. M'Donaid, continuing, said tho wholo o f tho committee of the Worrego pastoralists signed the oiroular, claiming that it was owing to their influonoo that tho Land Bill was withdrawn. But he was prepared to accept Mr. Foxton's denial. . Thoro w»B another matter. Tho somo peoplo, whilo claiming to have caused tho withdrawal of the Land Bill, olaimed that thoy had influenced tho Now South 'Walos Govornmont in doaling with1 tho Alien Restriction Bill, and, ho said, they might do tiro soma thing here. Thoy might next see aliens in every part of tho western district. During last session there was a good deal of disoussjpn about tho Ayrshire Downs onso. It had oomo into his knowlodgo. recently that tho prinoipal witness (Leo) against tho mod , had beon'paid £200 by tho Pastoralists' Union of Quoonsiand. What was that for? Tho Govornmont ought to look into it, and it was a disgraceful thing if thoy did not do so. What was tho inforonco thoy woro to draw from tho fact P Tho mattor onght to ho sifted to tho bottom. Mr. Foxton had said somewhat boastingly that tho wholo of the oountry is our own. So far as lie (Mr. M'Donaid) could mako out tho hanks had thoir paws upon a good third of it. Thoy had boon told by tho nctiiig- Chiof Secretary that tho reason Mr. Byrnes wont homo was because his health had broken down, and if he did not go on a long sea voyarro, ho would become a wreck and bis valuable sorviccs would he lost to tho colony. In the dospatchos iu roforonoo to the sending homo of a representative of Queensland thore was no montion af a second roprosontativo. But in tho Warwick Argue a aifforont talo was told. Ho road part of tho roport of a speech by Mr. Byrnes at Warwiok, in whioh it appoared that tho Premior, Sir Hngh Nolson, had naked him iu the most flattering terms to nccompuny him, and that his Excollenoy tha Governor had without solicitation intimated to Mr. Oham- borlnin that Mr. Byrnes wonld accompany Sir Hugh Nelson as a second representa tive. Why, ho nskod, was not that despatch laid on tho tnblo with tho others when thoy were produced at request'? Why was thnt part of tho buBiuoss supprossodp Ho protested against tho colony heiug called upon to pay any of his oxponsos whilo ho wus trotting about. It was said Mr. Byrnes was worn out. But if that woro so, it wus in doing Ilia own privnto legal work. Mr. Byrnes, too, had taken briefs ngninst tho Crown whilo ho was holding the position of Attorney-Gonoral. In otiior places persons under similar oircuraHtanocs had re signed thoir seat on the Cabinot ; but it is' not so in Queensland. Coming to the ques tion of Japanese immigration, ho related how- lie visited the Burdekin delta, where ho found a good sprinkling of all sorts of coloured alions. Thoy had been told in tho past that tho kannkus would provide work for white mon. But what did ho find on tho Burdekin ? Ho found Japanese doing building and car- pontry work, and making tlio railways on the plantations — work whioh the white man was to do. Somo hon. mombors had discredited the statemonts mado by other hon. mombors respooting the pressnoe of Japanese woman for impropor lurposos at certain places, hut the statomont ad been made on tbo strength of remarks mado by Mr. Draper, too Mayor' of Cairns — a strong supporter, ho boliovod, of tlio Govornmont. Referring to the Queensland National Bank matter, ho reminded the House that it had been ploaded last session in favour of tho reconstruction that liquidation would oauso trouble und misory to many. But, he suid, liquidation was going on ovory day. Small pooplo woro boing squoezod by tho bank for all they woro worth to keep tho big ovcrdraftors going. Bofore toe House rose last year thoy had boon told thBt tho roport of tho commission of inquiry would ho in tlio bands of members whon tho Houso met. But horo it was tho ond of Juno, and thoy had no nows of too roport. Ho maintained that tho Queensland National Bank hod control over the Government, and so long as that was tho oase ho intended to stand by tho attitude whioh ho had udopted towards tho bank. He oould notsaythat he was altogether in favour of too proposed measure to provide for conciliation and arbitration in tho settlement of industrial disputes, bccauso he did not think anything in that way would bo of value unloss it were mado compulsory. Othorwiso tho bill would bo useless. Mr. Bell moved too adjournment of tho dobato, which was agreed to, its resumption being mode an ordor of tho day for next day, ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned at 10.15 o'clock. 