Q I1 Htt N.S l- A N :' '^ K \1 ?. [By Elkctbic Telegraph. 1 BRISBANE. July 16. The eighteenth half-yearly report of the Bank of North Queensland, which is to be presented at the ordinary meeting of share holders on the 29 h instant, states that tne net profits for the six months (after deducting rebate on bills current, interest accrued ou deposits, and cote circulation, and providing for bad debts) amounted to £2003, which, with the balance from the previous half-year (£7365), makes * total of £9368. This the directors recommend should be carried for ward to the next halt-year. The business of the bonk, the directors state, has improved during the past six months; but they regret they cannot yet advise any sensible improve ment in the valuta of securities generally. Sir William Macgregor, Governor of New Guinea, h'-ff telegraphed to the Government as follow : — ?' The active opposition in the lianibare district is being put down. The tribes that are not implicated in the murders are friendly ou both the Mambare and Boundary rivers. I have left sufficient troops in the district.' At the last meeting of the Diocesan Council of the Church of Kngland the following resolution was carried : — 'That this Council is of opinion that the establishment of a university or university college in Brisbane is absolutely necessary for the furtherance of higher education in Queensland. BRISBANE, July IS. Stock Inspector Cowley, of New South Gharleville for the yards proposed to be erected by bis Government for the inspection of cattle travelling into that colony. BRISBANE, July 19. With the death of the Rev. Isaac Harding on Saturday morning, at Bo wen Hills, the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Australasia has lost its oldest minister. The Chief Inspector of Stock has worked oat the results of the experiments on the inocn lated cattle at Mundoolan, and which are now at inkensaiL. They are entirely satisfactory. Of the nineteen of ** controls ' (uninoculsted cattle), ten per cent have shown high fever, and sixteen per cent have died. Of those inoculated with bile from an animal that died of tick fever, one adult died ; but the remainder ? (which were calves), — show no rise in temperature. Of tbose inoculated with filtered serum, one died and the remainder are all suffering from fever. Of the twenty-seven inoculated with blood, oue baa died. This animal (No. 19) was in oculated with only 1 at of the blood and showed little, if aoy, reaction at Mundoolan. Of the remainder, eighteen per cent showed a alight nee in temperature, but are reported to have all recoveied. the Anglican Bishop of New Guinea has been approved by the Archbishop of Canterbury, has accepted the appointment ; but the BUbop of Brisbane (Dr. Webber) and theCoadjutor Bishop or Brisbane (Dr. Stretch) being away, he does not expect to be consecrated before October or November, or to go to New Guinea before the end ot the year. He will be accompanied by the Rev. W. H. Abbott, who arrived in Queensland from Knglaud since Eiotir, Canon Mone-Wigg can say nothing respecting his plans of operations at present, aid possibly he will arrange not bins before he bees Sir William Macgreeor, the Governor of New Guinea, A special meeting of the Committee of the Brisbane Chamber of Commerce u-aa held to day to consider Sir. J. M. I'ros&'s bill to restrict security to mortgaged prop'Tty. A resolution was adopted chat the bill, as drawn, would prove dangerous and unworkable, bod, in the opinion of the Chamber, shoald be rejected. BRISBANE, July 20 The JinieUr for Inatrucrion (Mr. Dal rympleh i° bis speech in reply to Mr. W. EL Groom in the Legislative Assembly b-st week, ex&ted; that new arrangements bad been made with the Brisbane grammar schools, with regard to tne reception of state echolars, whereby those schools were placed in the same position as the other ijmmniar schools trustees receive five boys and three girls without payment, and the department pays full fees for the other schoUrs. This arrange ment is to apply to scholarships awarded at the beginning of the yen r, and to t-ite effect from the 1st of January. The additional cost to the Government will be £202. The Acting-Premier (air Horace Tozer) has received a cablegram from the Premier (the Bight Hon. Sir Hugh Nelson), stating be proposes to leave London for Queensland on the 19th of Augnst by the s.s. Orizaba. With reference to the telegram, stating that the Consul -General of Germany has been ad vised of an abscond er from Germany with a large sum of money, the police authorities here know nothing of the matter. They have not as yet received any official com munication on the subject. The British-India Company's s.s. Moray sbire, which has been undergoing repairs here, will leave to morrow for Sydney. After taking in coal there she will proceed to New Zealand and load frozen meat and other station produce for London. The e.6. Duke of Devonshire, of the same line, is still awaiting orders. On the completion of the Victoria Bridge a disagreement arose between the contractors and the Bridge Board as to a *5nal settlement. It was proposed that the matter be referred to arbitratioE ; but that has been found un necessary, as an amicable settlement was arrived at yesterday. The bridge has no* been formally taken over by the Board. BRISBANE, July 21 Mr. Tolle, Consul-Geceral for Belgium, in addressing the Brisbane Chamber of Com merce to-day, etated there was a good market in Belgium for wool, tallow, hides, ores, and bone?, all of which were admitted duty free. Business could also be done ia preserved m£art if the colonial manufacturers would prepare and pack it io a manner suitable to the requirements of the market. A deputation of the directors and share holders of the Ipswich Cotton Company, and fanners interested in the growth of cotton, waited on the Acting-Treasurer (Mr. Philp) this morning, and asked the assistance of the Mr. Cribb, M.I..A., introduced the deputa tion, and explained that the request was from the farmers and shareholders rather than from the directors of the company. The deputa tion asked for a loan of £8000 or £10,000 on the security of the milL The present liabilities were £4000, and the balance was required to acquire new machinery and buy cotton. Of the £4000 owing £3400 was due to the Queensland National Bank. The company had spent £12 000 in machinery. Io reply, the Acting form could not be entertained by The Govern meat. There was do cumUm; in this to the meat and sugar industries. A bonus of £5000 had been given already, and if it was de aired to go on the eauie basis &£ the sugar industry, a mortgage over iheir lands should be offered. Wjtb regard to sugar mills, the new mills. If the farmers and shareholders were prepared to mortgage their properties and guarantee the growth of cotton, he would put the inatter before the Cabinet. Sir Charles Ialley, who, acting ou the advice of bis ?npfljpg-l adviser, returned from the south five or six weeks ago, is still in a somewhat critical condition. He is ex tremely weak ; but. no immediate danger is anticipated. Sir John Douglas, Government Resident at Thursday Island, telegraphing to the Home Secretary to-day, states ; ' No Japanese, either male or female, can at present leave Japan for Queensland without a license or passport. Japanese emigration to Thursday Japanese Government. Certain Japanese who had booked passages by the s.s. Sagami Mara were refused licenses and prevented fiom leaving. Nine hundred and sixty Japanese have during the last four rears been brought to Queensland by the Japanese Immigration Society ; but the society does not wish them to re-engage, and would prefer to take them back to Japan on the expiring of their time. Japanese immigration is entirely in the ha ode of the Government to regulate as tbey please. I believe the Japanese Government will be found perfectly reasonable ' The Elections Bill 'makes the qualification of * residence for two mouths io au electorate instead of six, as at present, if the claimant His claim may be signed by a justice of the peace, an electoral registrar, a head or clabeified male teacher of the state school service, a classified officer of the public service, a member of the police force, a rail way station-master, or a member of a local or other of these. The bill also abolishes to meet bi-raonnhly instead of quarterly. The electoral registrars are to iuuuire into and deal with any case cf change of qualification. The bill allows transfer, upon a change of uot to be the ground for rejection. The hourb — are altered to 3 p.m. Nomination and ballot-papers are not to be rejected for mere informality as during the last general election. A penalty of £100 or imprisonment for twelve months is prescribed for wilfully making or procuring a false claim. BRISBANE, July 22. At the invitation of Messrs. Renard, Man sou and Co., f risbaue, agents of the e.s. Tatiaia, a party visited the vessel to-day. Tbe disabled eteamer afterwards left in tow of the s.s. Hero for Sydney. Mr. Ma neon, one of tbe local agents for the Meaaageriea M«.ri- ' time Company, stated that correspondence he had received indicated that in the near future the company would probably trade j with Brisbane either by big vessels or feeders, i Fresh tenders will be called immediately \ as it is desired to get alternative offers for the work under elightly different conditions. ' The tenders will be made returnable in fonr reen days' time, as only the originU tenderers are expected to compete. | The French wtirbhip Eure came up to Bus- ? bane to-day. The Teasel on leaving Sydney , ! in search of the s.s. Tanais had «»?««* -* meet the warship Admiral Parse**! (which was despatched from Noumea, on a similar errand) about half-way, but did not do so. The captain then decided to come to Brisbane. During the search beautify wither prevailed. The Eure remains nil Tuesday, and then leaves for Cookto.ro, afterwards living for New Guinea and the Solomon Islands, then retorniig to Noumea about the end of September. The Eure pro bably will take the place of the Scorff in the AttstraliaD waters. On anchoring in the Bris bane River the captain sent his compliments to the Governor. His Excellency Lord I^miogton returned the greeting, and invited tbe captain and bis officers to a ball this evening. Daring the afternoon the Hon. E. B. Forrest, M.L.C., who is the French Consul in Brisbane, Mr. Chevalier O'Donovan, C.M.G., the Port master (Captain Almond), and the officers of H.&LS.; Karrakatta visited tbe vessel. While a child named Lily Bowden, Lbree years of age, was playing with ashes on Monday at Rosalie, a snbarb of Brisbane, her clothes caught on fire. She was taken to the Children's Hospital, where she died shortly afterwards. The seventy-third general meeting of tbe shareholders of the Royal Bank of Queensland was held to-day. Tne Chairman of directors, the Hou. J. B. Dicksoo, M.L.A., in moving the adoption of the report, stated that daring the past six months the arrangement with the deferred depositors, whereby they received payment of the second series of deposits which did not mature till 1897, and accepted the reduced rate of interest of 3 per cent on the remaining two instalments, had been satisfactorily adjusted. It was also satis factory to note that an important change of this sort had been carried oat without any legal expenses or intervention. The concession was obtained without extending the terms of payment of the deposits, or showing an inability to provide for the payment it ben dne. The tiu~e of repayment remained. He trusted the future policy of the bank would be to extend its connection with current business requirements, and eschew the errors of the past in attempting land mortgage business. Since the report bod been issued a further purchase had keen made of Government stock, so that the whole of the reserve fund was do* held in that way. The net profit of £10.73% was in excess of that of last half-year, but the benefit derived from the reduced rate of interest ou deposits had been io some extent counter balanced by concessions necessitated by keen competition. The balance to be carried for ward to next year was £3319. For some time back in common with other banking institutions, the bank had heen carrying forward a much larger balance than formerly. It was considered necessary a year ago tliac £4000 of this balance should be transferred to contingency account. The Board had in contemplation a similar transfer next balance, so as to build up a second line of reserve, and not present the somewhat tempting spectacle of a large balance, considerably more than fifty per cent of the whole amount being con tinually carried forward. CHARLEVUXE, July 18. A largely attended public meeting was held yesterday to discuss the railway rates between. Brisbane and Chorleville, It was resolved that a committee be appointed to elect a deputation to wait on tbe Railway Commissioner with a view of obtaining a substantial rednction in the present tariff. CDNNAMULLA, Jnly2L Mr. Seale, who represents Messrs. Joseph Leeds and Co., Sydney, is making extensive purchases of fat sheep here to supply the demands occasioned by losses through the drought in New South Wales. Mr. Seale, who is an authority on the rabbit plague in New South Wales, states he ia satisfied the rabbits are gettinp a firm hold of the Cunna muild district, and unless additional measures are taken by tbe Government to keep them in check, they will shortly prove disastrous nationally. The Rabbit Board's superintendents state rabbits are incasing from Balloo Downs to the South Australian border. JUNTJAH, July 17. With respect to the Minister for Railways reply to the deputation, which asked for tbe ertensicn of tbe Central Railway, the rail tray surveyors were never here, so ihe Minister could have do expert or professional opinion louebing the euggested crossing of tbe river here in preference to a crossing at Stone henge. MARYBOROUGH, 3nly 17. A mob of 180 fat cows and bullocks is pass ing from Wilangie Stariou to Lake's Creek, Etl ward Chrisliiiii iti charge. BOWEK, July 20 A public meeiii.g was h, Id here to-o'ieht iU the instance of Mr. Lindley, general manager for Ausr.r*lia of Menrh. Bergy and Co , meat exporters. Mr. LJudley argued that tbe completion of a line from Bowen to the Northern Railway would pay well, and advo cated that the line should be bailt under the provisions of the Guarautee Act. Under favourable conditions, he said, 30,000 to 40,000 cattle would be trucked from the west to the Bowen works yearly. He was in a position to guarantee a substantial portion of the interest required under the Act. A resolution was carried that it uaa desirable to complete the extension under the Guarantee Act. Ticks and red water are gradually moving southerly from Bowen. TOWNSVILLE, July 19. Captain Schultz, of the barque Olive, from Hamburg, reports having experienced a series of gale? when running down the Easting. Tbe &das; carried away the wheel and did a good deal of dama-e. The Olive spo«e tbe British, a three- masted barque, ou the 30th of April, hound from Philadelphia to Kagaeai, which reported 'all welL^ It also spoke in May the Danish barqae U*Dug, from New York to the Swan River, fifty-sir days oat, which The seventh annual conference of northern local authorities met yesterday. Twenty ?bodies were represented. Me. Draper, Mayor of 0*irus, was elected Chairman. The general feeling of the conference on the Local Govern ment Bill now before Parliament was that the Government appeared throughout the bill to shirk its own responsibilities and increase those of the local bodies. CAIRNS. July 20. The northern local authorities' conference was resumed to-day. A telegram was read from the Acting-Premier (Sir Horace Tozer), stating that the object of the Government in the Local Government Bill was not to shirk its responsibility, but to offer the local com munities increased powers over matters which could be better controlled by them than by tbe Government, tbe desire being to decen tralise local affairs. . With regard to tbe question of finwn'*1, the present bill only pro posed to give relief by extensions of the terms of the present indebtedness of local authori ties, and, if possible, by a lower rate of interest ; bot the Treasurer proposed to deal with the questions of endowment and distri bution by a separate measure to be introduced this year. The Government could not possibly afford a larger snbsidy than uaoal, owing to the probable diminution in the revenue and the increasing demand for ex penditure on education and charitable allow ances, postal facilities, agricultural settle ment, police, and other social demands ; but wht-n the increased duties were settled, if the machinery in the bill was fonud to be insuffi cient, the Treasurer would search for some new method of raising a further subsidy, in order to enable the local authori ties to carry out the necessary works. It « »s resolved — ' That the conference considers the measure falls short of what the local authorities were led to expect, owing to the elimination of the financial dances, and it of the Legislative assembly that the desired and promised financial proposals be embodied in the bilL' Tbe conference also endorsed the differential endowment proposals passed at the Mackay conference. When asked what permanent results they expected from the conference the general reply made by (he delegates was that thev expected nothing. PATRICK. Jnlv 21. An attempt to wreck a tram on the Mol grave tramway was made last night. A fencing rail 10 ft. long was placed across the line. A tram ran into the obstruction, but it was pulled up before any damage was done. A reward of £100 is offered for information con ing e perP^£^c°WN^ ^^ lg- The cutter Iissa has arrived in Cooktown with the C-ape York mining party. Pater son, one of the party, waa ill with dysentry and bad to be carried to the bosptiaL The party visited Cam Grenville and the M'llwraitb Range, and report that no mineral countrv was found. COOK rOWlf, July 19. Tbe Merrie England arrived from New Guinea at four o'clock last evening, bringing thirty-four miners and six saloon patseagera, including Warden Campbell { Woodlark Island) and Mr. Hancock (manager, Sadat Island). Three-fourths of the miners are sick, and two bad to be carried to the hospital. One named James Bollock, aged about fifty years, is suffering from a kick from a horse and fever, and there is no hope of hie recovery. The other, named George Moeler, is Buffering from fever. Only ox of the minen paid their fares back. The rest were destitute. AU were from Port Moresby, and they report there is no chance of getting from there to the Mambare Biver. A copy of the despatch relative to the punishment of the murderers of Green came over by the Merrie England. Sir William Macgregor, the Governorof New Guinea, has gone up to Mount ScratchJey to open np a road. A party of miners cut a horse track forty miles long to the foot of Mount Victoria, but could get no further, and are making back. There was no gold on board the Uenie England. The Meme England left yesterday morning with piaseneera for New Guinea. She also had on board three passengers for the Solomoo Islands and five moles for Samarai. The Merrie England brought tbe following news : — Sir William Macgregor quelled a distort ance among the uitives at Brabrianda Islands while on his way down the Mambare River. Tbe Governor has secured eleven carriers who deserted, six of whom were supposed to have been murdered. Shortly after the massacre of Green and party tbe bodies of two men were fonnd od tbe Vanappa track. Evidently one bad tried to bury tbe otber, aud while in the act fell dead. Colours of gold hare been found on the Brown Kiver. Mr. Simpson add party have reacted the fflunbare Kiver with twenty carriers, bnt they are not getting payable gold. On the return of the Merrie England to Port Moresby the Governor, who is reported to be enjoying good health, will go inland. CROYDON, July 18. The Iguana No. 2 West Block crushed 260 tons of ore for a yield of 37+oz. A dividend of £50* was declared. Six months' dead work was done before starting to raise stone. The mine is now on a good reef, and U able to raise a quantity of quartz. 