BRITISH AND FOREIGN. | Tbe Chinese Legation at St. Petersburg absolatcly denies the existence of a ltusso Oblnese treaty. Mi Sheremeticff baa been removed from . ibe Governorship of the Caucasus lo a seat ia tbe Council of State. Colonel Licbert, the ncwiy-appointcd Go- ' veroor of German Kast Africa, has left , Berlin for Ibe colony. A military expedition for Mozambique, ' Stated to number between 400 and 600 men and 175 marines, left Lisbon by tbe steamer A cerions conflict bas occurred at Borsarl, In Bornn, between Babab's followers and the people of Binder, in which many of the former were killed. The iand and mining rights acquired by an Anglo-German undertaking known as tbe Boath Aliican Territories Company have be in confirmed by ths German Government Captain Bervonoet, naval attache lo ths French Resident at Tunis, waa killed in a sword duel there recently by M. Maille, a \- Frenchman in the service of Tunis. A German merchant named Hoaner has been murdered in Tacgier, apparently with the object of robbery. The German Minister in Tangier baa demanded the immediate exe cution of the murderer. The approximate traffic return oi the Man* chaster Ship Canal for November shows lhat the total receipts were £16,460, against £12,372. For tbe 11 months the total U £ tG2, 120 against £124 805. Mr John Tussaud, of Madamo Tussaud's Exhibition, has prepared a new tableau which excels all bis previous efforts iu depicting notable historical events. The tableau represents ' King John signing the Magna Charts.' Duriog a dense fog which prevailed in the Mersey the City of Dubllo Company's steamer Lcitrim was sunk near the landing stage by collision with the steamer Nicosian, inward bouad from Leith, and the 76 cattle on board were drowned, The British Museum Trustees have ac quired the unique gold piece of CharltS 1. known as the Juxon medal, which was sold a few werks ago with the Montagu coins. The coin will be exhibited in the Gold Orna ment-room. The British Board of Traic bave received a binocular glass, which has been awarded by the President of the United States to Mr James A. M array, master of tbc steamship Marino, of Belfast, for reflcoing two seamen ot the American scbooncr Cordova on July 14, last year Messrs. Botheby, London, sold last month A number of autograph letters and historical documents. An interesting series of 23 letters from John Lockc to Cornelius Lyde, dating from 1C79 to 1703, and chiefly re lating to bis tenants, sold for £156. Upon the application of the London County Council the Home Secretary has issued an order including tbc chaffinch iu the list of birds which enjoy tbe additional protection afforded by inclusion in the schedule to the Wild Birds1 Protection Act, 1BS0, Tbe medal of the Boyal Humane Society has 'been awarded to Mr J. J Sullivan, journalist, for Baving from the Eivcr Lee. Cork, a young woman named Sexton. . Mr Sullivan* jumped from the quay wall, a height of 16ft. and, after a desperate straggle, in which be nearly lost his own life, suoceeded in effecting the Tescne where the water was fully 12ft. deep. It is surprising how small a change in tbe votes if properly distributed might have elected Brvau President. A change of 49 electoral votes would have given him th* necessary electoral majority. This could have been accomplished by a turnover of 26,726 votes in seven states. Tbe Senate last month pasacd tbc Alien Immigration Bill after adopting an amend ment making the age limit for exclusion above 16y-ars. A further amendment was afterwards agreed to by 47 votes to six excepting Cubans from this exclusion during the continuance of the present disorJcr in Cuba. The Budget statement presented to tbc Mexican Congress by the Finance Minister shows tbat during the last' fiscal year tbc receipts amounted to 50,521, 470JoL and the expenditure to 45,070 123dol. leaving a balaner of over five million dollars. Tbc estimated expenditure for 1697 98 is 49,942, OOOdoL and the rcvennc 49,962 000. The fourteenth annual report of the Bast End Emigration Fond states tbat since 1882 the society has assisted 6287 persona t - leave England. During tbe past IS months the ommittce helped 195 perrons to the follow ing destinations -.'Canada, 99 ; South Africa, 26 ; Australasia, 69 ; aud the United States, 12\. The committee only give pecuniary help to British subjects who are emigrating to British colonics. At the moment when an artilleryman was placing a cartridge in the breech of a cannon at the military practising range at Vendas Novas, the cartridge exploded, mortally wounding Captain Qolntella Chsrruida, omtnandlog the battery. The explosion also blew off the hand of the gunner, aod wounded more or less severely other officers and men present. 1 Dr. Luttichau, the Minister of Finance, iotrodnced in the Danish Folkethiog a bill t it a camprchenslvo reform of the Customs t&rifL; The measure, which follows the lines ot tbe majority report of (he Government Commission on the Costoms wbich has been sitting since April. 1695, places coal and pig iron on tbe free list and reduces the duties on timber and some manufactured articles, wblle it raises the tariff only in a f-w isolated cases. On the other hand, as com pensation, it provides for an increase of tbc spirit tax. A telegram from Oasaino, in the province ol Cascrta, state that a disastrous explosion oscurted on the premises of a chemist aimed Valeric. Two storeys ot the house wsrc buried beneath the rains. Five dead bodies bave been recovered. It ia stated tbat Valerio was s?cretly engaged in the manufacture of bombs. According to the official returns there bad been np to Deceml»er 17, 1611 cases of plagoe in Bombay and 1094 deaths. Th-j atatistirs arc. however, regarded as rot quite trustworthy, as the people are reluctant to report cases of plagoe or the cause of deaths. It is stated that 200.000 peraone have now fled from Bombay. The p'agueis increasing, and suspicious cases have occurred at Karachi* The German commercial mission to China and Japan left Bremen towards the end of January. The Crefeld Chamber ot Com tnerce, which originated (be idea of the mission, ylll be reprcs.-nted by three mem bers, while tbe cotton, leather, woo1., ipachlnery, hardware, and metal trades will each be represented by one member. Hcrr Bbnhmacber, from the Imperial Ministry of tbe { st-jrior, will accompany tbe expedition as secretary* Tbe Egyptian Ministry, replying to the budget report of the Lcg'alativc Council, ex p ets astonishment at the manifestly un founded rcproachcs which tbc report con tains. and rebut the charge that the expendi turc has increased. Ihe Ministers further regret -the absence in the observations made by tbc Legislative Council on any rational appreciation and of the practical sp'rit which should guide the examination of the budget and permit the Government to take inta consideration advice suggested by an enlightened study of budgetary questions, The Ministry refuse to notice questions answered in previous years. KJng Alexander bas apceptcd the res'gna ou of the pabinet, and M. §imitph, tbc Servian Minister in Vienna, hae been sum moned to Belgrade and has formed a Moderate Badical Ministry. /sM. Simitcb has himself taken a portfolio cf Foreign Affairs, there is little danger of 8ervia's en tering upon an adventurous foreign policy. Tbe other Ministers arc all men of experi ence and proved capacity. The immediate cause of the retirement of the late Servian. Ministry was the refusal of tbe fikupsbtina to vote the new taxation bill, but it is said that differences bad also arisen between the King and the Premier in regard to foreign affairs. An Athens cor respondent says it was the Serbo-Grcek con- j flipt ih Macedonia which led to the fall j tft'tho Nhvakovitch 'Ministry. The Prime j '? * ' Minister, though he firmly supported Servian , HaShisin Macedonia.' ajwayfc strove to come tg* an amicable understand! ag with the ?»trlarchAt«, 