FACTS AND RUMOURS. | ? Special meeting; of Water Brigade th ?evening. Mr. Walter Lowe is a candidate for 111 South Grafton municipality. Seventeen cps; of 877 acres were applied fe at Bellingen last year. Rev. W. F. Craigie, formerly of Llsmon has accepted a call to Minmi. 210 steamers and S3 sailing vessels entere the Richmond River last year. The Tasmanian Government intend abolisl ing the income tax after another year. It is stilted I hat of the sugar grown In Pi, the bulk goeR tu Australia and Mauritius. The local Branch of the N.S. W. Wheelme hold their annual meeting this evening. Flying foxes are not nearly so destructiv in the Kiama district this season os formerly The maize crops on the Bellinger ar looking well, and heavy yields are expected Dr. Bevan is leaving Melbourne for Kui ope. H.M.S. Torch has been commissioned t replace the Ringdove on the Australia] station. The Porte has Accepted the scheme of th Powers for creating a new force of grendarm in Crete. To send a consumptive patient to a genera hospital is like signing his death warrant ?ays Dr. Molloy, of Melbourne. Mr. Alderman See has announced IIIB can didature for the West Ward, and Mr. Alber Egglns for the North Ward. Mr. H. Jordan, a candidate for the Nortl Ward, addresses the ratepayers on Thursday evening on Borough mutters. Some of the smaller West Indian Island have already given up sugar cultivation ant tnken lo the cocoa and other products. A section of the United States jingo parti will endeavour to prevent a ratification o the Anglo-American arbitration treaty. Lanker, the chess champion of tho world has defeated Herr William Sleinitz, the ex champion, in their return match at Moscow The ground round Lombard-street, London is estimated to be worth not less thai £2,000,000 an acre. Fruit is very plentiful tills season. At on« of the auction marts in Newcastle several cases containing 20 dozen peaches each were sold nt 2s per case. The P. and T. department in Victoria ha" decided to allow messengers who provide and constantly use bicycles, a gratuity of £0 « year. Further refreshing rains fell on Saturday, Tabulam reported 02 points, raining heavily, Tenterfield 135, Glen Innes 40, Emmaville 187, Casino 20. . The Duke of Devonshire says that the Brit- ish Government propose to constitute local bodies to control secondary education undei the direction of a Central Council. Ti.d Minister for Mines has decided to have the recent Stockton disaster further inquired into, with a view of ascertaining if anyone is to blame for t he occurrence. Robb and Cou. mill, Tweed River, finished crushing on Thursday. The O.S.R. Cos. mill at Condong continues till the end of the mom h. 80,800 books were taken out of the lending branch of the N. S. AV. Public Library last year, and 172 boxes containing 14,208 volumes were forwarded to country libraries. Mr. James Allison, one of tho oldest resi- dents of the Berry district, died there a few days ago at the ago of 82 years. At one time he was a large contractor in Sydney, The Railway Commissioners will shortly run cheap excursion trains from the interior to enable residents in the back country to visit the mountains or the seaside. Mr. Watson, M.P., says tho labor party advocate one adult one vote, elective minis- ters, and the referendum, for inclusion in the federal constitution. Mr. Andrews, missionary from New Gutunn, preached in the Wesleyan Church on Sunday, and lectured last evening, on the country where he conducts a mission, The mud disease, that causes so much injury to the oyster beds on the Hunter nnd Clarence, has made its appearance on the Richmond. Of the 82 rank nnd file comprising the Mounted Rifles' team which is to visit Eng- land, 12 have been selected from the Molong Bathurst Company. The opening ceremony in connection with, artesian bore operations on thc racecourse will bo performed hy the Mayor to-morrow afternoon. The Ulmarra aldermen will be invited to attend. The Public Service Boord has decided to omit from its regulations the recommend- ation of a partleularcopy-bookas itsstandard for baud-writing for the coming, examin- ations. The Board will accept any samples . which come up to its standard. At the Wnllongbar experimental farm, Imperial Blue potatoes yielded, with manure, at tho rate of 10 tons 12 cwt. per acre, Breeses Peerless, ll tons 7cwt, Imperator, 12 tons ll cwt. Miss Scarlett, who hn9 been appointed matron of our local Benevolent Asylum, arrived on Thursday and brings good credentials. She was acting matron nt the Bradford Fever Hospital, in Yorkshire, where twenty nurses mid 100 patients were under her supervision ¡ and for the last 2J yenrs she bas been matron of the Boys Home at Camden. The Governor-In-Councll has approved of tho reduction on printed mntter posted for delivery within the colony, from Jd for the first 2o/t, and ld for every additional 2oz, tn id for 2nz up to 4oz, and ld for every ad- ditional 2oz. In t he Supreme Oourfc Mr. G. E. Ilich move for un order confirming n contract of sal entered imo by Elizabeth Barnes on tho li October last in regard to tho estate of he lutehnsbund, of which BIIB wnsiidministrntri: The two other parties to the suit having a interest in I ho estate, had consented to th sale. Application granted. With reference to the allegation that som of the Wost Indies levy a considerable expot duty on sugar, a prominent official of th Colonial Office hus st ated that this duty is lt no way for revenue purposes ; but is th contribution of the sugar planters to th immigration fund to bring Coolie labour fron India. Tho Commission which is to proceed to th West Indies, will be accompanied in thel tour of inspection and Inquiry by an exper on sugar culture. It is expected that dele gates from . Fiji, Australia, and Mauritiu . will be sent to England, to represent tbel case as regards the sugar question, to tht Government. Some Danish officers who have been ex ploring in tho Pamirs, Central Asia, havi discovered a tribe of pigmies, who worshi the sun. Tho live stock belonging to tin tribe ls also diminutive. The Chief Justice has expressed the opiniot that separate treatment off prisoners, if pro perly carried out, is the most merciful ami most beneficial Bystem of imprisonment yoi devised. Mr. II. L.. White, of Bolltreos, Scone, whe was supplied hy tho Department of Agricul- ture with a quarter of a pound of Allom spring wheat lu 1803, has this season harvested 310 hags from 30 acres. Since May last, when the charges fot connection with tho telephone system were reduced, 1200 lines have been attached to thc exchange. There is an opening for an exchange ut Grafton. At Melbourne a deputation from the Presbyterian Assembly waited upon tho Premier, and drew attention to the influence which the French were gaining in the Now Hebrides. The Premier said that the rumors of the intention of Franco to annex tho New Hebrides were simply bounce on tho pnrt of French traders. Th» New Hebrides question is on thc list of subjects to be dealt with nt the Federal Council meeting. The following tenders were received by trustee« for fencing at Alumny Creek Hood refuge reservo :-T. Aspery 3s 3d per rod, A. Larkins 3s Od. G. Kralz 3s 8d, K. Layton Ss Od, . M. Gill 8s Od, T. Aspery 3s lld, H. James 4s 8d, lt. Dwyer 4s lOd. Thomas Aspcry's ten- der for Ss 3d hus benn nrcepted. London papers report that marriage bas this year tiecomo surprisingly popular, and trade in wedding rings and trousseaux has been .better than at any period since 74. The birth-rate also shows an upward tendency. Between tho months of July and September the exress of biri hs over deaths wns upwards of 100.000, nnd the population of the United Kingdom is now estimated to be very little ahnrk nf fnrt.v mil Urmo 