GERMAN HOME RULE. Home Rule, as it is at present being made in Germany, is causing considerable excitement in Scandinavia, and in othev countries contiguous to the Empire. About the end of October last the Gentian authori ties in North Schleswig began a system of transporting people whom they considered 'undesirable' (lastig) over the border into Denmark. Xo special reasons were given for this action, nor could they in main cases be conceived. When the editor of a socialist newspaper was removed the grounds of his disposal could be understood, but it was different when a little lad ot twelve, attending school was ordered to clear out. In this weeks cablegrams it will be seen that the German* -iovernmenl is threatening to reorganise the Danish schools in Schleswig, and place them under German teachers. There are upwards of 150,000 Danes in Schleswig, and they are keen upon maintaining their nationality tc the discontent and disgust of the Ger mans. All along the border the Danes have established schools in which their own tongue is used, and in which the little ones keep up their country's traditions, games, and speech. It is upon these schools the mailed fist is to be laid. The persons trans ported are harmless enough from either a political or industrial noiut of view. They iire nearly all agricultural labourers or female domestic servants. Sehle.suig farmers prefer their help, because they can speak their language and are familiar with their ways. These intruders liave no political standing : the only influence they have is in keeping up the use of the Danish language, which the governing race wish to suppress. Efforts for the purpose have been in force since the conquest of Schles wig-Holstein, and it is stated that instead of Danish being now used in a hundred chapels, it is only employed in half the number. The evident aim of. the Govern ment is to Germanise the inhabitants. The deportation of immigrants, however, is part of a policy which is being carried out on both the east and west borders of the Empire. The Dutch complain of the manner in which artisans and others who cross the boundary and attempt to establish themselves are made to go hack. Poles *nd Slavs crossing the eastern border line are treated in a similar fashion. Men yrijF-jt,.have been in Germany for .some, time, and-: have wives and children, a\e driven out. ''The Liberals in lier]ii£'*-dij& silent on this transportation policy, a.Tthey do not care to see thqi'labour market nny;. where invaded by aliens. Jn Denmark great indignation has; been felt and ex- ? pressed at the treat rimit of their kinsmen in.r NhlesMig-lJolstein. .'J'jireats were nutdo.ii1 couple of months ago' to boycott German manufactures in Schleewig and' 'iJjenjjijjtfjk,? and;|»er!iaps the carrying of tliejn .btgjB/ljiH' ea$sfcj! the German's to propose .ve&lfct-ii;'y» ia-e&g;^!;eij. The policy of Germany is not wisp.; ?.*-;, 'Soine centuries have -rlapsed^-SKBoe Canada was taken from the lue»i-i£i, :f ofe* 1'Yench in freely spoken and written .find'; taught among the Canadians. Repressive measures will certainly arouse the-sjririt of independence among the Danes, and keep alive the bitter feelings which mild and conciliatory measures would assuage. 