Local and General Nevs. ! Tub windows of our loading watoiimaker and jowellor, Mr J. E. Robinson, ' -aro being muoh admired, and will doubtless bo ono:;of tho ohiof atiraotions in Bourbong-streot thla% Christmas. All who aro in scaroh of now and fashionable jowollory will find tho. very latest, bore, inoludinc tho now Goisha Art iewollorvl and . novelties of ovcry description. ' Wo recommend our roadors to see tho stock for themselves at this up-to-date establishment; Mr Robinson's address is— Bourbong-streot (no'xt door to John Huntor's Boot Palace. Our Ohristma8 issuo on Friday morn ing noxt will - consist of 10 pages or 78 oolumris, tho largest paper yet tnrned out from tho Mail" offioo. In addition to tbo ordinary weokly supplement of misacllamuus reading matter there will bn a special Xtsas supplement of four pages. This will contain a six oolumn serial, speolally written for tho " Moil," entitled " Xraas Day. in the Morn ing, or a Splendid Roveogo"; a second slo<y, In Sapphire Seas," by G. H, .Pritohard, fromtho " Leader "; and 0 third, . "Wh re -uball wo bo next . Xmas ?'.! .Xmas ' Craoker Mottoes" deals with some of our oitlzoDS in on original manner, and there will bo found besides a number of miscellaneous items, etc., -tc., saitabio for the season. Copies may be obtained from tho stationers, or at this ofiio». When yon visit Bundaberg stop at tho Club Hotel, corner Bourbon and Tantitha streets.' AU VXUCi. II U CUUU1Q VUJ. OIIUU VU JJU1- tiolpate In tho Xmas foativities, we have de cided to forego noxt Mouduy's issue of tho 44 Mall." Patrons are requcatod to noto that the 44 Mail" ofileo will bo dosed on Saturday and Monday, and open again on Tuesday next to transact business and recoive ad vertisements for Wednesday's issue. Gold watches for ladios from £8 to £20; silver ditto, from 25s. Largo stook of gold' and silver chains,— J. E. Robinson, watoh- makor. The usual meeting of the Loyal Mulgrave Lodge, No 10,-I.O.O.F., was held in the Odfifeiluwo' Hail 'laat night, but no doubt iha thieuiuning -svate of tuo weather iuterfeied with ih atiendtince; which was not too largo. . Bio.' Pttteraon, E.G., presided. Siok pay was voted to two members. Three candidates were initiated and two proposed, A mass of correspondence was dealt with! tho Laige dco'diag to supp-irt tho Federal Asso ciation in their eiiUtsrvvuUf to carry out a Frleodly Societies DcnviiMration in aid- of tbo look! Ho-'pitui - Th' t" oleotion of officers took place wita tbe folio. vmg result:— N.G., Bro. Sealey; V.G., ro. Campbell ; Socro- tary, bio. W. Fiokeriu..; Treusurer, Bro. G. Blaok ; Assistant Secretary -F. B. Piokoiing. The eleoiion of trustued was loft over until next sess.oa. It was Ueoiduu to invite -the Foresters to pay the Ledge n visit on tbe J.7(h Januuiy, 18J9, Ruoeipts, £80 10s Gd. In this issue v-ur tia aud M'lutosb, Ltd, announce soverai auohous for this week, thus : On Friday and Saturday noxt tbey will auction on the premises opposite to tho Palace Hotol, drapery, outlery, tinware, <fco. On , Sdlurd yl at their Rooms, they will offer two cottages, one in North Bundaberg, the other in 8 'uib bundaberg ; 10 acres. Sandhills Rstaio, pruduce, <ko.9 In oonaeation with the London Trinity College musloal examinations held throughout tho colony several months ago, wo are pleased to anoounco tho suooess of MUs Gladys Lyons, second daughter of our lespeo'ed townsman, Mr G. F. Lyons. This youug'iuuy is being oauontod at tit. Ursulas Odllcge, Armidalo, N.S.W., whoro she has Ijood tor the past two yoars. In the Trinity College examination for theory, she. is. one of two who gained Ibo maximum numbor of marks, 100, and therefore secured the gold medal, which she has sent on to her parents. This talented young lady also weut in for the London Royal Acudemy Association praotical examination, a p vrtiaularly ssvore tost, and succeeded in gaining 97 out of a posslblo 100, which latter number waB required (0 gain a pass.' We havo to congratulate Miss "Gladys" on her successes, and doubtless no small amount of credit is duo to tbe management of the above College for tbo results she has obtained. Just tho thing for Xmas presents— ono hundred pounds worth of samplo Ties, Bows, Bean's, Silk Handkerchiefs, Br&oas;, Bfitd, and Shirts, ofijjo wolUkuown J.1LA1. bran J, being samples sent out' to order from, do two aro alike. Call and eoe them4, -the ' novelties and prices will ensure ready s do. — Buss & TunNEn.? Very welcome rain oame down dur- iog tho greater portion of fast Monday, general throughout tho distr.ev&nd; , doing no ihtlo ainoaht 01 aood all round. Tho records at thq Weather bureau were as follows Bundaberg,' lQ£ior ; Ingera, J. 0in!; Glad stone, 2'531n. ; Mount Porry, 0-7in. : Bustard Head, 2'Gliu. ; Oin Gin, 251in. ' Frbsd bargain! turnod'out dally at A. 8 WUsQn'a Liquidation gole- " Dnko of Buok- Ingham " caiigoes.r The Bundaberg Gun Olub have ar ranged an afternoon's shooting on Tuesday, next, commencing ac 2.80 'p.m. There will bo clay bird handicaps open to all comers, Post entries, Tuesday being a public holiday, . aud no otbgr attractions, there should be a good attendance at tbo match. Tub. Ocean View Hotel', Burnett Heads, is a Grand Sanatorium, and possesses all that is necessary to make .visitors comfortable. Everything is under the per sonal supervision of Mrs. Beokeb, Proprie tress. Terms striotly moderate. Tho quarterly meeting of the Lady Hibernians was hold last evening ia 'St. Joseph's schoolroom, there being a good attonda'aco, nd' Sister S. Johnson in tbo obair. ' Nomination's for officers fpr tho enact ing half-year wore reoelvod. Receipt's of tbe evening! £2 10a ; disbursements, £5 10s. ' silver-mountod purses, oigar oases, bard 00903, manioaro sots, aud a. host of other ttft(oIos 'eifital?!o for presentation.— J. E, Robinson," waichmakor.. 1 !phe Woongarra Planters and Fatmora ABSooiation have' affiliated- with tho kindred body in ' Bundaberg, and decided tiTsupport Mr W- B- Q'Oonndl; M.L.A., at; the next general eieotjQn, They also desire action taken for a renewal of Qtata aidod immigration. Gxxyaur Visiting Cards printed at tho Miiii office. There was a full roll up. at . the oponing drill last evening of the. men who have joined tho newly-formed company No. 2 Regiment,, and from prospeots Captain Borohum unlieipatos having the .company up to Its full strength in a short timo. Another drill takes placo at 7.80 o'olook to-night. Tub Club Hotel, abntrally situatod in Bour bon-streot, is the' best house In town for ao eomodation at modorato ohargus." On the ooming Ohristmas Day there are to be fall sorvloos in . the Parish Ghurob, with' anthems, special hymns, aud enrols. There will bo throe coiobrations so as to shorten the services, but wo hope to give in our Friday's issue a full statement of the musio and serrioes. Tbo qhuroh, as usual at this :feauyaf will bo decqrated with flowers and folidgel Tborcotor asks us to state be will bo glad to taoelveoootribiitions for decor ation. Piano lnmp3 will a-ld to the nppoarnnoe of yopr instrument, give n brilliant lihl, and save all tbp trouble caused by Qandles, To bo bad from L Milclfiod, jdwejer. The Hope of Peace Lodge, LO.G.T,, met as usual on Monday nibt, the O.T.,- Bro. Hayloo, presiding. There was but a small attendance owing to the Inclement weather. - After tbo routine of business tbo ovealogwas devoted to impromptu speeches. Tbeso wore sustained by Sisters Blaok, Ward, Robinson, and M. Jackson, ahd Brothers Isaacs, Black (2), Williams, Mayes, and Brown. On Boxing Night tho sisters aro to ontertain tho brothers and their friends, and, as an impenetrable veil of seeroey and mys tery has been thrown around their aohoraos, something startling and Bpoolally- attraotlvo Is feared. At A. S. Wilson's tbo n,ow soason's imports ox "Duko of Bubkingham'," aro now boing liquidated." ; The lproak up at B\iooa school took, place pn JTriday last, J.Gth inst. A largo number of gchqlarg, ahd also a good sprink ling of the old folks, rolled up o enjoy Helves Tho great neat in the mgrding a thunderstorm in tho afternoon somewhat marred tbo sports ; otbonylso tho day spent would have, peon satisfactory to all. Every scholar received a book at)d and also toy, whilst somo of .itio boat pupils in the clgeg rocoived special prizes. . ' ;; -;k\V0 ara requeated;tb annoohbe &ai; threo'MassbB will be oolebrdlod at St.'-Mary's _R.C. Ohuioh next Sunday (ChrlstmaB Day), "at 7, 8, and 11 o'clook a.m. Speofal prepara tions 1 havo boon made by tho Choir to render tboir parts with good offoot. Country customers should not fail to see Totton and Oo.'s (lata W.' G. Marsh and Co.)' Xmas rshow of toyB and. fanoy goods,, mil linery, dress goods, men's and boys' clothing, &c.;, &o;,". At tho. recent Maryborough Gram mar School examinations the following scholars, from Bundaberg worto amnng the prize-winners:— Girls Sohooi soholarsbips — | Modora School Form V, B. Bass ; Molvillo Bursaries— Form V, B. Bubs ; Form III., V. Dunbar (hon. sob ), E.Buss ; Buys Sohooi, Form lll., T. Williaras.- Tub Goisba Ar: J».woll -ry and other novel ties S 9 J. Vj. Robinson's windows (next uoor to Juhu Huulerfs Boot Palace). In. last Saturday's Gazette, Fitz- pierce J. yce is. appoioted a Shoej) Dirootor for tho sheop disiriot of the Burnett, «icc W. F. M'Cor riuueased 5 and tho tender £07 14s Gd) at Muiurd J. Noul and Bond, for re pairs to tho Smto sohooi, Howard, has been accepted. The Club Hotol, Boarbon- stroot, for otvlliiy and attention to tbe travelling pubiio." Attention is dire'oted to Mr, Andrew Wilson VaAnnuncer-ont In. our -business oolumus in which is euumcrated tho many iiuw wi guuumi ui u.u<, wuiuo gu w make up a well -equipped "draper's stook. Having made Urge pnrcha?es of seasonable goods at exeeptionally low prices, ho ib in a position to offer his clients bargains in al tnostiv«.ry line. For particulars see adver tisement.-. . The monthly meeting of tho Hos- pitrt eommlltco was'beid on' Monday aftor- noon, Messrs. R. G. M'Mannie' Vpresldont), 0 Powers, E. A. Pile, B. Tottnu, J. Wypor. J; Cullen, M. Dunn, J, Kingston, and J, E. Turner being presen. - The oorreepondonce Included a letter from tho " V" Union seeking permission to give a ooncort on Xmas Day, which was granted, and another from Mr. Ga-diner thanking the committee on behalf of his family and self for the kindness shown thorn. A third letter was reoeived from tho Brisbane Hospital, suggoating a eonferonco with tho view of sieuriug uniformity of operations in goneral matters. The Visiting Committee reported that ' the aontrsot for making and paioting the special ward had been let to Messrs Halt and Third for 23 10s ; that Mr Gardiner's furnitui e had been purchased for £33 18s, and £5 5s given tbe .Aoung-matroo, alias Norrig. Thoy also recommended tho Guuncii bo asked to give four or flvo aoreB from tbe Botanical Gardens ' for a medioal officer's residence. Tbe re turns lor tho month Were European Ward : admitted 25, dlsobargod 22, died 2, remain ing, 19; Kanaka Ward: Admitted G, dis charged 1, died 2, romaining G. Tho Root- gen Ray sub-oommittoo reported : Wohovo communicated" with tbo Sydney Princo Alfred Hopphal and tae authorities of the Brisbane Hospital, and iu eneb chbo wo find that tbe iostraments aie retained oxoluslvely for tbo use of the institution, provision for the pub- lio havipg been made by private enterprise In rofer'onoe tofour own apparatus wo recom- mond (1) That it bo at the servioo of all medical men and tho pubiio generally ; (2) That the fees charged shall bo for a shadow picture only 10/G, and for a photograph £1 Is.; (8) That the maohino be manipulated only by tho median! officer of the institution.'! Both reports wore iiidoptod. It wub deeidod to give tho customary Christmas faro to tho patients; aeoounts amounting to £189 8/0 wero passed for payment, and Messrs. J. Rowland and Adam M'Intosh appointed a visiting oommittoo for tho ensuing month. Ex. " Dukoof Buckingham," galateas, shirt ing, drills, sheetings, flannelettes, at A. 8. WUbou' Liquidation Sale. Afc tho . Police Court on Monday beforo Messrs. H M. Challiner andD.IIogan, J.J.P., Thomas Trevor was charged with stealing a black stallion the property of Lud- nviQ_Stanetg.. Mr. 0. Powers prosecuted, and . Mr. Huraiiton was for tbe defence. Constable Thomas Randies stated he received a com- pUiot from Ludovlo Stanoig, proprietor of the Royal Hotel, Cordaiba, on 15th instant; followed tbo| itr&oks; of horses from tho hotel gate wuiuh bail been takon down to near Buudabcrg, und lost them ; got a warrant; searohed accused's piaoo on 10th instant,, and found tho horse in a slablo ; accused said that ho took the horse on tho pubi 0 stpeet of Copdalba and that ho was tho rightful owner; witness removed tho horso and afterwards took out the summons- Lodovio Stunofg depoaid: a. man mined Edward- M'Oardld cauie to his pluou riding tuts uuibo , tuuu uu wua travelling lor Dussauu Turner, and engaged' a rqom on 25th Ootobor; witness Btabled the horse; M'Cardlo lift on 22nd Novomber without paying blm or mentioning that ho was goiDg, anil witness bad not seen bim sinee ; accused came on llih instant and claimed the borso ; witaess -told him that M'Cardlo owed £14 5s, £6 Gs of whioh was for tbo horse j accused said ho would have tho horse by hook or crook and the next morning tbe horse had gono ; wltnoss claimed tho Inrso for tho £14 5i still duo to him by M'Cardlo; witness did not offer to buy tbe borso, but M'Oardlo wanted to eeil it to him ; M'Oarulo told witness that bouBcd.tho borso; aoousod brought a letter from M'Cardlo asking that the horse.be given to aooused. For tho defence Edward M'Cardlo deponed that ho borrowed tbe horse from Trevor and did not own it ; ho stayed at Mr. Staneig's ; he told him that tho horso was Trevor's, and that he (witness) was going, to sell it if be oould : Stanelg wanted to buy It, but witness told bim that Trevor wanted £10 tor it ; witness had )neyer paid Staneig ; offorod to sottlo with bim if he would eomo to Bundaborg, - but bo refu id; Staneig would oot lot witness tako tho borso away. Ludo vlo Staneig, called In rebuttal, deniod that tbo previous witness made a demand for tho borso or said that wltuoss kopt it at his own fisk; he told witness that tho horse was his (M'Cardle's) several times. Tho Benoh dis missed the oaso, but o'rdorod tbo horse to bo given baok to Ludovio Staneig, who appeared to be tbe rightful owner under section 89, of - 50 Victoria, Aot No. 17. Boforo Messrs. H. M. Challiner and A. Dunne, JJ.P., yesterday, Mr. Hamilton fob complainant and Mr.' Powers for defendaot, Riohard Jones, of .T6gego, .pro6oeutod a lessee, James Oha'mers, for. tresspass. Riohard Jone3, son of oom- plainant, statod bb saw defendaot carting water with a sladgo from P> holo in his father's land. Cross ? examined by Mr. Powers ; Ohatmers hud been a lo3seo for four years, To Mr- Hamilton 1 Hoard a oonversation be tween the parties on lgt ujt; complainant said, 41 1 supposo you are awaro you aro tres« passing?" Defendant answorod, "I, don't know about tresspassing, I am going to water tbe horses." Riohard Jones, tho'complalnant, said defendant and his brotbor, David OhaU mers, leased a property from him within tbo boundary of Coulston on tho Kolan River ; tho leased land was all fenced ; defendant watered, his horses at a waterholo on Coul ston, whioh. was not on his leased land; he bad a right-of-way through witness pad- dook in the opposite dlrsction to the wator- hole, which was about threo chains off tho -western boundary and six -'or seven abain9 from defendant's boundary ; defendant said he would take tho 'water In defiance of wit ness. and until tbo law stopped htm ho had a right to It; witness had given him permis sion. Cross-examined : .Defendant leaked tho land befote it was surveyed ; first beard in July that defendant was iakinp the water ; there was a watercourse through defendant's land whioh had been filled up by the .flood. For tho dofonoe, Jas. Ohalmers said the land survoyod was not aaoording to tho description given by complainant; accoiding to this defendant was td grt 10Q acres inoluding the waterholo in dispute'; complainant ' told wit ness that as long as tho le ise lasted bo and .his brother could ueo the waterholo, and they had used It over sluqe going to CQulston four years ago ; oomplalnoat never objeotod to their using H until lately ; witness was prose- eutod for trosposs recently, but tbe oaso was disralssod with costs ; had complained about complainant's cattle getting Into his cane, and complainant's entire had also broken bis fence ; complainant - gavo him a notice about going to tho waterholo after tho Inst oaso, aud sail ho would put tho set. on bim ; replied that witness would prosecute him for porjury. To the Bench : There was no per manent wator on witness' proporty. David Chalmers gavo qorroborativo evidonoo. In robuttal, Adam' 'Prlnglo,'' a horsodriver at Littabella, deponed- to defendant' stating a day or two aftor 80th Novomber to him that . ha wuuid asK' complainant for permission to take tho water. Complainant denied that tbo watorfyolo was to lib' Included in defend ant's lease. Dofondant was fined 'ffa-, 'each party to pay 'th'olr own oosts. ' Tho oaso Buohan v. Buohan, wife doacrtion,' was ad: journod till Friday, 23rd- instant ohStboKnp? pliaatipn of plaintiff's solicitor, Mr. Johnston. Mr. Fowers for dpfegdant, .1' General . regr5t;!; was oxpresg&d; Gympie' .'on Mohdfty:>morning,'wfien the/ .demise- of Mr/.. W.; .M.'.Mqwbrayf . who fori abodt twenty months bad oQoupled thd posl/- ' tion of Police Magistrate and Warddn of this . ' goldQcld, beoamo known.' As :the. BUocos8or'- " of -Mr. L. E.D. Towuer, Mr. MowWy camo to Gympleln April 1897, and In lhis official .capacity was'admired for the legal aeiimon ho - ' : from tho first displayed, and the ability with whioh every oaso' brought , beforo him was dealt 'with. Notwithstanding that for months / . hey had suffered', continuously". through ill : health, ho - struggled ' to porforra hia duties until :about threo weeks ago, .when ho was' : granted a six months' holiday? The holiday, however, did not provo to. bo ot any real . ser vioo to' him, for despite every . attention as .to medioal attendance and nursing, he gradually - got weaker, and some days ego it was roluot- . anlly admitted that ' no hopo could be enter- Uincd of his nitimato- recovery. . .Ho- died j. peacofolly at about four o'clock on Monday . morning, though for -some hours previously-"' he appeared to havo been in. considerable pain, and was at timos.dolirions, To tbe last the ldi-a of taking a journoy ' to . somo other locality novor loft him, a couple of his fastest . inquiries having referonco to tho .paoking of his portmanteau and whether the train : was ; not nearing oho of the stations on tbo railway : L line between Gympio and Brisbane, v Mr. ' Mowbray was by no means ah old'man, being -. ' very littlo ovor 48 years of ago.. The funeral, lakes place 'this (Tuesday) afternoon, at 8' o'clock, tho start to bo made from Mr. Duff's Oommoroiol Hotel." £Mr. T. Mowbray, P.M., . Ueoeaaed's . brother, loft .for Gympio on Owing to the Yecy -inclement state - of tho weather last evening tho British and - Foreign Biblo Sooloty's annual meeting, : which was announced to have been beldtheu,- was indefinitely postponed The report pro- . pared 'by ..tho Hoo. Seo'retaty -(Mr. W. G. Marsh) is as follows: — "Owing- to tbo very late arrival of the Society's largo- annual report, on. which wo dopond for up-to- - dato information of tbe Sooiety's-work, . we have been compelled to bold our publta . V meeting muoh later than uBual. Wo havo pleasure in recording a successful meeting la8tyoar at whlah our President (Rev. W. . MorriB) gave--an interesting address, on tho work of; tho previous year. The local min isters of tho various denominations woio all . prosent and addrossod tho meeting, and a good musical programme filled In .'tho ovon- ing. At our last Committee meeting It was resolved to hold a similar mooting this. year. The Rev. John Maokonzlo was roquostea and readily eonsontodto aot as a deputation and give tho addross of tho ovonlng. Wo noto tbo - removal of one of our commlttoe-men (Rev, W. Powoll) whoBO place has boon filled by - tbo Rov. I.Oastlohow. Tbo looal depot re port shows tho stock in hand-o! English, Welsh, German, Danish, and' Bweedlsh Bibles and Testaments to tbo value of £15, and the sales for tho year wero 12G Bibles acid 100 Testaments, total 22G volumes, amount ing to £8 8s Gd, Tho finanoial statement . is:— Balance brought forward,. £10 Os ; Col lection public meollng, £1 163 'Gd; oollooted ' by Mrs. J. M'Kcnzic for the Presbyterian, ' E5 17s ; oollccted by Mrs Goad for tbe Ohuroh of England, £4 lis 4d ; books sold, £8 Gs Gd ; - total, £31 23. By printing programme, 10j ; rent of hall, 103 ; freight and stamps, 5s ; Wcsioyan book depot, £18 29 5d ; free con tribution to Paront Sooioty, London, £10 ; balanoe in Bank, £G 14s 7d ; total, .£81 2s. Our thanks are. due to tbe lady oollootoi3 who hrve btongbt in over £10 since our last meeting. Reviewing the loo&l; auxiliary work of the past 8 years wo' find that £120 havo been sent as free contribution to the Parent Society, and about £00 worth of books havo been sold. Tho subsoription- lists, though good, do not oomparo favorably with the past. Wo appeal, to you to beoomo " living " membeis of tbis great organisation, . members who will contribute systematically to Its fund, if tho amount bo only a Id a>weok or 5s or 10s a year, tbo result would be wonderful. Pbbsonb who wish" to borrow monoy at . reasonable rates of intorost, and with low In- oldental charges, should oall ion Mossrss Curtis and Mlntosh, Ltd., who havo.oL'ent-4 ready to mako immediate adv&noos; on froej huld soourlty. The following excerpts under the heading of Sugar are taken 'from tbe report of tho Chief Inepeotor of - Distilleries just issued Referring to Table D, it will bo seen M that the total production ol sugar In "1890-7 . was 100,774 tons, while the quantity manu factured during the season 1897-8 was 97.91G tens, a doorcase of 2,858 tons. Pro? . traotod dry woathor, supplemented by savtiie frosts in the Soutborn districts', . maybe he(d responsible for tbe lessened production of the latter ye»r, which tbo teblo shows occurred in five districts south of Maokay, the Northern sugar districts shewing a larger yield tljan in the preoodlng year. Sugar-planters' osti- miiti of the aoroflflfl nt nnnn that Tvnnlri ho cut for last season's crop was 77,282 aoros, Of this quantity Table E shows that only GG,099 acres were actually cqt far the milfs for a yield of 97,916 tonsof sugar. Eighty milla are shown to have neon in operation, ahd of this number eleven have been erected, nnder tho Sugar Works Gnaninteo Art, aod contributed (as por tho latest figures) 16.3G9 tona ofugar to tbo year's output. Returns of tbo weight of cauo given are not altogether roliablo, but it is stated that 783,115 tons ot cane wero sent to tho rollers, whioh would show the average weight of oano used throughout tha aolony to make 1 ton of sugar to bo about 8 tons, and nearly 12 tons wore received at tho milis for. every acre of oane out. The small proportion of oano grown to tbe aoro lost season was doubtless due to onuses already -mentioned. Table E shows that the area of land nnder oano on the 80th June, 1898, was 102,152 acres, as against 93,251 acres on the 30th Jane in tbo previous year. The sugar distriots oflpawiob, Brisbane, Maryborough, cbildors, Book hampton, Bowen, Maokay, Cairns, Port Douglas, and tbo Herbert River will bo seen to have extended thoir planting areas. Bun daberg also oxbibits a slightly inore&eed; acreage. Tho Logan, Johnstone River, and Burdekin distriots have, howover", evidently allowed land to go out of sugar cultivation, Bowpn is nowa sugar-produoing distriot.' tho new central' mill on' the Prdso'rpino jiavmg ' manufactured 1,850 tons of sugar this season from 545 aores, equal to a yield of about 2 tons per acre. Tno officer who colleatcd the sugar returns reports 6n the Proserpine dis trict as being "an oasis favoured by nturp) nearly surrounded "by mountains, whjoh give an oxoeptional rainfall, pausing oane to'makif rapid growth. Ho states that in a few yeats - tho central mill will bo kept working to its full capaoity. RlB0y 'Dnnu3 to maintain jtq reputation as a sagarrproduolng distriot, having mannfartured last season 22,438 tons, . as against 1G.312 tons produced In the pro- vious year. - Tho table shows that tho cane area has also been oxtonded from 23,741 acres to 27095 aores. Tho sugar season of 1808-iO gives overy promiso of yielding tho . heaviest orop 0! sugar yet manufactured in tho colony. The estimated -area of oano whteh will bo out Is returned as 89, G-19 acres, and should produce 140,000 tons of sugar. Customs, returns show that 4 tons 15 owt. 8 qr. of sugar and 11 owt. of molasses wore - imported into tho colony during the past year, while 06,557 tons of sugar and .1,890 tons of molasses wero exported in tho samo period. . . English Lover Watches, capped and jowoUed,'£3 10s ; hunting bases very strong. Burnett watch. 20s: silver oaso. 85s. All watches guaranteed.— J. E. Robinson, watch- maker." f-; : 