The Sydney Morning Herald. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1898. It is believed in Paris that the French Minister for Foreign Affairs has relinquished the idea of a claim to Bahr-el-Ghazal territories, and that he will seek to obtain compensation by demanding increased concessions in Siam. The large orders for armour plates which have been placed by the Admiralty with British manufacturers at Sheffield, assure two years' con- stant employment to the workshops. Several Christians, who behaved insultingly to Turks at Caneo, on the occasion of the arrival of the new Governor of Crete at that city, have been arrested. The recommendation of the Anti-Anarchist Conference for the establishment of an inter- national bureau, linking the police organisations of the different countries, independently of the diplomatic means at present in force, is likely to be adopted. A serious outbreak of the plague is reported from Zanilbe Valley, Mongolia. Many deaths occur daily. The Siamese authorities have refused to evacuate for the French those portions of territory agreed upon in the treaty between France and Siam in 1893, to which also Great Britain was a party. An attack has been made at Luang Prabang upon the French Agent and his unarmed escort. It is understood that the Empress Eugenie has by her will left to Prince Victor Napoleon, the leader of the Bonapartists, £2,000,000, which accrues from the insurance on the life of the late Prince Imperial. The Prussian authorities, in order to bond North Schleswig to their will, threaten those Schles- wigers who are patronising Danish schools, to transfer their children to the guardianship of Germanophiles. A report from the Viceroy of the province of Szechuan, China, states that it is impossible to peacefully release the imprisoned French mis- sionary in accordance with the demands of France. The Chinese Foreign Office hesitates to direct the use of force unless France consents to such a course. The Canadian Government agrees to bear its share with England of five-ninths of the cost of the Pacific cable, the Australasian colonies con- tributing the remaining four-ninths. Dr. Thomas Nulty, Roman Catholic Bishop of Meath, is dead. Two powerful American corporations are seeking to obtain a concession from the United States Government for a cable from America to Hawaii, thence to the Ladrone Islands and the Philippines, and on to Japan and China. In Melbourne yesterday, in fine weather and on a greatly improved pitch, the intercolonial cric- ket match, Victoria versus New South Wales, was continued. The visitors concluded their first innings for 99 runs, and when stumps were drawn for the day the Victorians in their second innings had lost three wickets for 120 runs. A collection was made on the ground towards the fund for Harry Trott, and realised £37. The Conseil-General of Noumea has voted the floating of a loan of £400,000, and it now awaits only the ratification of the French Government, which is to guarantee the interest. Mr. J. W. Sibree, a gentleman connected with the London Missionary Society, in an inter- view yesterday with a representative of the "Herald," expressed the opinion that there was now a likelihood that armed intervention of the Powers might be necessary to re-establish tran- quillity in Samoa. The vessel the Falls of Garry, which was stranded during a gale which visited Noumea several months ago, has been successfully floated. She had about one thousand tons of nickel ore on board. Borrowing in London by the colonies this year has been confined to New South Wales and Vic- toria, which have raised £1,500,000 at 3 per cent., and £2,000,000 at £3 6s per cent., respectively. The third body of the victims of the East Greta Colliery disaster was recovered yesterday afternoon. The body was crushed against the side of the tunnel, the legs being broken badly between the knee and the ankle by an iron rail. The deceased could only be identified by a belt. Operations in the tunnel were suspended as soon as the body was brought to the surface. Yesterday's holiday was favoured by fine and cool weather. All the favourite resorts were well patronised. The principal event was the second day's racing of the Australian Jockey Club Sum- mer Meeting, which drew about 17,000 spectators. The winners of the Summer Cup were — Strath- roy, 1 ; Merloolas, 2 Prince Carbine, 3. The cricket match between the Metropolitan Team and the Northern Association's Com- bined Team was commenced yesterday on the Albion Ground, West Maitland. The Metro- politans, batting first, compiled 369 runs ; and when stumps were drawn for the day the Com- bined Team had lost one wicket for 7 runs. The German mail steamer Königin Luise, from Colombo, arrived at Fremantle at noon on Sunday. The R.M.S. Mariposa, hence for San Francisco, left Auckland on the 24th instant. The French mail steamer Polynesien left Port Said on the 25th instant homewards. The recent presentation of the bones of Buddha to the King of Siam, to which still more recent events serve to im- part a political interest, was a very graceful mark of attention on the part of Great Britain. True, the bones in ques- tion were discovered in Nepaul, and it might perhaps be thought that the ruler of that kingdom should have at least as much voice in the disposal of the valuable treasure trove as the British Government could possibly have. But perhaps they were found by a British subject, or the British resident in Nepaul was in a position to prove that the spot on which they were found is, was, or ought to be British territory. Any way, it is not the King of Nepaul, but "Victoria, by the grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith," and so forth, that has committed the interesting relics to the care of the King of Siam. Another point is, Whose bones were they ? Buddha, if by this particular Buddha is meant Siddharta, the hero of "The Light of Asia," finished his saintly life some- where between 1000 B.C. and 500 B.C. To make sure that he was really dead his ad- herents cremated his body, and then the ashes were divided as equally as possible between those of the disciples who hap- pened to be on the spot. In the circumstances it is reasonable to suppose that only very important persons would get more than, say, six ashes, whilst the inferior believers would probably have to be contented with, say, one ash to a family. Of course the precious remains were jealously guarded, with the cheerful if somewhat miraculous result that all the ashes have come together again, and now constitute the bones of Buddha. His teeth, however, are not included. They are scattered all through the Eastern world, and it is a poor and low-spirited temple that cannot boast of the possession of at least one of these in- teresting relics. It is on record that an early Chinese geographer, visiting Ceylon, was shown one or more of Buddha's teeth everywhere he went. "Truly," he solemnly observed, " the blessed Buddha was born with an excessive number of teeth." After all, it does not very much matter whether the bones and teeth did indeed belong to Buddha, so long as the Budd- hists believe that they are veritable relics. Nor need there be any question of how far it becomes a Christian nation to encourage other religions by the presen- tation of relics, for this act should be regarded more from a political point of view. It is on a par with the restoration to Spain of the bones of Christopher Columbus. The United States had no particular use for the relics of the great navigator, if indeed they be his relics, about which there is reasonable doubt. However, the Spaniards entertain none of these doubts, and their national pride is, curiously enough, conciliated by the transportation to Spanish soil of the alleged remains of the Genoese sailor who was so scurvily treated by the Spain of his day. And the British compliment to Siam is also on a par with the German Emperor's gift of one of the holy places in Jerusalem to the Roman Catholics, who will certainly look after it at least as well as any other body, and who cannot but feel gratified at the Kaiser's action. It is also within the bounds of possibility that another item in the Kaiser's recent tour was not without its influence on the Buddha incident, It will be remembered that in one of his bursts of perfervid oratory the German Emperor said he was proud to be the friend of the monarch to whom 300,000,000 Mohammedans owned allegiance. His Majesty was never very strong on arithmetic, so that it does not come as much of a surprise to learn that he added a hundred millions or so to the number of Mohammedans in the world, and that he forgot to take stock of the considerable portion of the balance which owes allegiance, meaning by that political allegiance, not to the Sultan of Turkey, but to the Empress of India. The British Government did not think it worth while to draw the Kaiser's attention to his little mistake, and may have con- tented itself with taking a leaf out of his book. If he complimented verbally the chief of the Mohammedans, Great Britain compliments with a highly-prized gift the King of Siam, and through him the 600,000,000 of Brahmans and Buddhists, who are more or less interested in the relics of Buddha. And our cablegrams of this morning show that it will be just as well for Great Britain to show its friendliness for Siam, unless, indeed, we are prepared to see that kingdom become a French province. To make up for the check which France has received in the Fashoda matter, the French Ministry, eager to create a counter-irritant to the Dreyfus affair, seems disposed to push forward with the Siamese enterprise which was supposed to have been finished by the 1893 treaty. By this treaty the Siamese who had been bullied into acts of hostility and then bullied into accepting the harshest terms of peace, agreed to pay an indemnity of £3,000,000 sterling, and to surrender the island of Si Chang and all the left bank of the Mekong. Since then the relations between France and Siam have been more or less peaceful and friendly, but now an incident has happened, according to this morning's cables, which bears a suspicious resemblance to that which led to the 1893 difficulty. On that occasion a French officer of militia began a fight with some Siamese forces, who beat his troops badly and killed their leader. Now it is the French Agent who is travelling along peacefully with an unarmed party, when he is fiercely attacked by the Siamese. The chances are that his party was not unarmed and the fight was not unprovoked, just as was proved to have been the case in 1893. But, however this turns out, enough has assuredly been done to serve as a decent excuse for armed intervention on the part of France. She wants Siam. If she gets possession of the country or gets such a footing in it as to be paramount, the chances are — leaving out of question the balance of power and such matters — that British trade with Siam will seriously suffer. There will be no "open door." At present much of the trade is in the hands of British sub- jects, and it is safe to say that this will not long be the case if the French gain the upper hand. Perhaps it may seem a sort of sacrilege to connect the bones of Buddha with such mundane things as pounds, shillings, and pence but then we live in a prosaic age which has little in common with the prophet of contemplation and introspection. A painful chapter of our social history is laid bare by the annual report of the recently appointed Inspector-General of the Insane. The change in this office is perhaps accountable for the lateness of this report. In December last — now nearly twelve months ago — we had under official cognisance some 4000 of the insane, of whom about two in three were men. The cost of their maintenance was just over £100,000, at the rate of £24 per patient annually ; and this is not inclusive of the cost of or interest upon buildings. During 1897, which is the year covered by the report, 692 persons were admitted to the hospitals for the insane ; but as 219 deaths were recorded, and 327 patients were discharged as recovered or relieved, the net increase in the number of the insane for the year is stated as 112. Dr. Sinclair observes that this is considerably less than for the past few years, that is from 1892, when the number of patients made a sudden jump, corresponding to the period of financial disturbance that be- gan over the colony. The Inspector General also points out that the pro- portion of insane to the population is smaller here than in other countries, especially Great Britain. Another item of comfort is that the proportion of re- coveries is satisfactory. The community needs all the reassurance to be derived from such figures, for it is a sad fact that yearly over a hundred insane persons are added to the hospital population of the colony. That increase requires a new asylum every ten or twelve years, and the burdening of the taxpayers with another Kenmore. That is inevitable, for no modern com- munity can neglect the unfortunate per- sons who by mental failure are unable to perform their share of the work of the world. The duty not only of protecting but of aiding these patients towards re- covery, if it is possible, is accepted by every civilised State, and the higher the civilisation the more incessant and the more enlightened the attention bestowed on the mentally afflicted. It is often made a charge against the strain of modern life that its victims by suicide and insanity tend ever to increase. That is questionable, however, for the want of exact figures as well as the lax methods of ascertaining insanity and segregating the insane that used to prevail give us on fixed basis of comparison. Within the observation of the Lunacy Board in Eng- land it is believed that the numbers of in- sane persons are not permanently in- creasing, if they do not tend to decrease. But however that may be, no one will say that the old barbarous treatment of the insane is yet with us. On the contrary, the more humane and successful treatment is a feature of the time. In recent years we have to notice some improved charac- teristics of our dealing with the prob- lems of the insane population. Up to a few years ago New South Wales was open to the reception of immigrants who at the very time of their arrival were mentally incompetent. They were remitted to the hospitals, and thus became, often for life, a charge upon our Treasury. It is no longer possible for designing per- sons to ship those afflicted sub- jects hither, leaving them to burden this colony while increasing its percentage of insanity. Now any person of this class is either sent back to the port of departure or taken charge of in our asylums at the cost of those responsible. Another good feature of recent legislation is that whereas formerly persons once admitted into the hospitals were at once and for always abandoned by their relatives to be main- tained by the State, now in proportion lo their means the friends of patients must bear the whole or part of the cost of their maintenance. It is true that owing to the poverty of the classes from amongst whom the insane population is chiefly recruited this pro- vision docs not yield to the Government more than about 13 per cent, of the actual cost of maintenance, but it is well that responsibility is fixed and that the State does get a contribution. That principle has yet to be applied to the relatives of the aged poor whom the Government houses in the benevolent asylums. A further matter for satisfaction is the gradual ap- plication of the leave system. There was a time when the doctrine held was that madness was a hopeless disease. But more enlightened and kinder methods of treatment are now adopted, with the result that every year a proportion, nearly the half, of the total admissions become cured or relieved to such a degree that the patients can with safety be discharged to the care of friends. It is a serious responsibility, in dealing with a class peculiarly cunning and deceptive, to say when a patient is capable of liberty, and a system of leave or discharge exposes the community to the dangers of heredi- tary transmission of insanity. However, those charged with the control of the mentally afflicted see their way to release numbers of patients yearly to the custody of their friends. Such a practice has the sanction of custom in other countries, it has not led to results which impugn the wisdom of the practice, and it certainly seems kinder and more likely to work for the benefit of the patients that they should be with their friends rather than in the asylums. Dr. Sinclair's report contains much of interest in regard to the classification of patients. It is notable that the Jewish colony contributes a small proportion of the insane. It is a striking fact that we have in our asylums nearly half as many Mohammedan patients as Hebrews, though the former people are in such a minority compared with Jews. Chinese give more than double as many as the latter. The age of recovery is between 20 and 40, and the period of attack or resi- dence in asylums in eases of recovery is generally under tlnoo months. Ciusntion is always hard to ascertain Of tho cases admitted last yoai previous attacks wore known in 112 cases, but out of C92 admissions horoditary influence towaids insanity was dofinitoly ascer- tained in only 15 cases Dividing the causes of attacks into moral and physical, tho lattoi class shows a largo piopondor ance Indeed mteinpoinuce in mtoxi cants alono accounts foi nearly as many of the insano ns do nil the causos gioupod under the head of moral The classes that givo the greatest numbei of patients are unskilled laboui with 1191, domestic servants with 539, and persons of no occupation with 600 cases Yesterday saw Sjdnoy in a hohdaj humour undei exceptionally favourable conditions, evon for an Australian holiday It was not only that the Christmas season was in the full tide of festivity, while tho oidinary midsummer heat associated with it was íoplacod by a cool and pleasant day There was something moio, nnd something that added enormously to tho gaietv ot the country-folk who havo boon orowding into tho city and thronging tho streets during the past week oi two For tho long-oxpocted and anxiously awaited rain had como at last, the drought had broken up, and the Go- vernment Astronomor w asablo to announco yesterday that tho whole of the colony had on Wednesday Thursday, Friday, and Saturday participatad in tho bonoii omi effocts of tho wolcomo fall The dany farmei and the agriculturist in the city yostoiday wero aDlo to rojoico in the fact that tho rain had come at last, while tho woolgrower from the Lachlan and Darling, from tho Eivenna, and well over the Central nnd Wostorn di\ isions mighthnve given himself freely up to the holiday spirit of tho time in tho ns3urauce that tho bioaking out of tho spiings had foretold truly, and that the dry spoil was now ovor But whatever tho causes nt work may havo been, there is no doubt that tho public yostorday mado the most of its holiday At liandwick nnd tho soasido, at tho harboui rOBorts and on tho nvors, holtday- makors weio numerously in e\idenco In the parks and tho Domain ond Gardens quiet oitizous with their family groups assembled in hundiods The ciowdod theatros m the ovoning told their own story, nnd it is satisfactory to be able onco moro to record a high average of order and public docorum, although the occasion for hohdaj -making was so genoially and so enthusiastically utilised Tin. GovmtN-trKNT OFFICES - Yostorday being a public holiday all of tho Government offices ttoro closod No Ministers were in town, but m one or two instances tho TJndor-Secrotnries woro at thoir oflioes to attend to important matters of correspondence TUB WI mur -Ono place only ia the colony WAS ublo to say it had a not Christmas box, and that ttas at tho Manntug Hitor At all other coastal stations the day was similar to that at Sjdner, gloomv for the most part and fino Hter in the do) Inland the clouds had vanished, loaring bright skies, and thoso conditions are likely to continuo to-day, with fino weather ou the coast MAILS AND MAIL STUMERS-Tho Annand Betnc for Marseilles, cleared tho Heads yesterday at ii fott rrinuteR before 1 o clock Tow mml btoimors aro accorded so popular a send off Tho Circular Quay nt holi 1 ly tinto is altv oj s thronged, but jestordoy tho crowds ttero douse, thousands of pleasure goora being presout, and of thoso ronny went to tho M M Company's wharf lo soo tho grand steamer att ay Tho Rome, from Loudun, arrived at tho Semaphore at 2 pm jestetduj The postal ofhciuls noto that of tho mails dated London, November 21, tho lottor portion loff Adelaide by tho oxpress, and will bo duo in Sydney to- morrow in timo for delivcrt at about 1 p m Tho newspaper and other parts of tho mails (by the Romo) will leavo Adcltido to-da), and reach Sydney on Thursday, tho 29lh instant Tho German mail steamer, Konigin Luise, fcom Brcmon, a list of whoso Sydney passougora was givon in tho " Herald " on Saturdav last, arrived nt rremantlo on Sundaj forenoon Tho mails by lho steamer may be OKpcctod to roach Sjdnoj on Tuesdij, January 3 Tho French liner Polynosiou, boneo Novembor 28, loft Port S lid on tho 2JHI instant ACCIDENT TO THI SiKAVtn Pinoo - Tho steamar Paroo (our Melbourne ooticspondent last night wited) when moving onay from the wharf on Saturd ty for Sydney lost her propcllor Hor passengers will be sent by tho Pilbarra, which leaves for Sydttcy to day (Tuesd-i)) ACCIDENT TO A BAKQUE -When going up to Darling Harbour above tho Pyrmont swing bridge yesterday tho barquo Alexe, vthoh had just arrived from the Blntr, collided with tho bndgo and carried away somo of her head gear 1'IIF \AIUIA MiSTUii-No duo has yet been obtaiued which would lead the polu o to unravel the mystery surrounding tho death of thojouug woman whoso body tt as found in n hoi floating in tho Yarra at Richmond, Molbouine, on tho 17th instant Owing to the features of tho deceased being so much discoloured, death having occurred about 10 days previously, it ttas impossible to accurttcly des ribo the face Tho Syduoy dotectivos have' been making in quines in regard to missing woroon, but thoa in- vestigations like all othors havo boen fruitless Last night ttto young men mado a stato mont to tho poheo hero m roferenco to a sister of ono of thom, who thoy thought might bo tho deceased Thnr descnp tion'allied in regard to what is definitely knott u about tho deceased's height and colour of hnn, but thero was a uotablo discrepancy in loference to the tooth Thoj stitod that tho woman thoy spoko of had faUo teeth in tho centto of tho upper jaw It has been proved beyond doubt that all tho teeth-threo woro missing ot tho dooeaBod wero natural lho chtof point about their story was that the woman they re- ferred to had a silvor plate in the crown of tho head It was placed thoro through tho wearor meeting with an aootdont, and the plato was biddon by tho hair Tho body was intcrre'd on Trida), the cofhn being marked "unknown" Both laws woro preserved Tho Victorian Govorn nidnt lias oftcred £200 for information leading to the conviction of tho murderer, and £2fl for pal tioulara securing tdenttfioatiou of the doooased HoNonit TO A VioToniAN POFT -It vas amidst the uninspiring, if not repressive, surroundings of tbo Bendigo foldheld thal William Ga) wrote thoso pooms whioh breathe the trtto poetic spirit, but which did not rereivo their due meed of praiso until aftor Ga) wa» laid to re6t in the Bendigo cemetery a little otei a year ago Tho Victorians havo removed the roproaoh that tho grave of tho deceased poot was a neg- lected mound of earth This will bo seen from tho following statement, published by tho Mel bourne " Argus " on Tnday last -" Tho ceremony of unveiling tho stono erected in tho Bendigo Cemotory to tho momory of William Gay, tho poet, was performed yosterdit) by Mr J Glen Oliphant, M A , prcaidont of tho Bendigo Philosophical Societ), of whioh the deoonsod poot was tho founder The Chief Justioo (Sir John Maddon) and Mr Deakin, M L A , wroto ro grotting their inability to bo present The stono boro tho inscription, ' To tho Memory of William Gay, tho Toet, who died al Bendigo DctLmbor 22, 1897 l^tor upward through lho night I go ' " Conosnns' Ivauimi s -Aft T O Woore (City Coroner) hold an inquiry at the South Stdney Morgue yesterday tonuhiiig tho dentil of a niau whose ñamo is supposed to bo Tolni Edward Hammond, tthich oooiirred nt 117 rut stroot on ¡baturdny night The olromiutmiorm woro roported lu v, osterdnv's "Herald" A «um of Í20 and other \ nlunblcs wero found amonget the property of deceased A finding of death from nu overdose of chloro dyne, self-administered, was recordod Tho donth of an old man named Alfred Muaeult, roported ns lim tug 003urred ou Sunday while in charge of the polico, was reported to tho coroner (Mr. J O Woore), who duponsod with an inquiry A resident of Petoislmm named Georgo Manly Sheaves died suddenly on Sunda} nftir noon Early last month ho fell from a building nt Redfern, sustaining injuries «hitli necessitated his treatmont at St Vincent's IIosDit ii On Saturda) ho had apparently recovered suthoiontly to leavo the institution, but hemorrhage of the brim set m on Sunday, and ho diod during tlio afternoon As the result of nn inquiry held by the City Coroner j esterdny it finding m accord- ance with tho moilioal testimony w is recorded AN USOAPBI- ntov minntes of the Callan Park Iloipttal for tho In- sano escaped from the tustitution on Christmas ¡lfternoou Ho is 21 juna of ago and 5ft 7m in height, with dark hnr,aud completion mid light broBu moustache AVhen lait icon ho n is dussed tua reddish blown sin coat, daik broun tweed ttousers nnd rest, nnd grey soft felt hat Ho is still at large TATAL TAH DOWNSTAIUS -Mrs Maria Mat phcraon, latoly lesidtug at 22S Goulburn- strect, fell aonnstairs on Sunday, and was lontotcd to tlio Sydney Hospital, »hero it was fouud she had sustained sot ora injuries to the head Slio gi ¿dually got worso mid died yesterday An inquiry into tho circumstances will bo hold by the City Coronor at 9 10 tins morning ITTEHCOLOVIAI, 1 ELEqiiArnio RATFS-It was mentioned early in tho week (saya tho " Ago" last Triday) that tho various colonie» had defined their attitude with regard to tho proposed removal of thn anomalies in tho charges on telegrams pass- ing between them South Australia has decided to maintain ila present charge of 2s for 10 words, and 2d for each additional word, ns betweon itself and Viotona Now South Wales has also declined to concur in any doporturo from tho present rate on telegrams passing botweon itself and Viotona Tho ohargo of 2d for eaoh word oi er 10 word« wdl thoroforo be maintained Quoens loiid was willing to reduce tho rate on its Vic- torian busitiuss from 3s for tho first 10 woids, and 3d for each additional word, to 2s and 2d lespec livelv , but Non South Wales, oier whoso lines the incbsagcs pnss, olnims to receive a cleat Id for ont li additional word ns its sh ire of tho revenue Thnt would leavo only Id per word to bo dmdod botiieeu tho tno terminal oolonics They nro not content to receive only Atl eaoh while tlio inter- mediate party gets Id Consequently the now rato will bo 2s for the first 10 words, and 3d for oaolt additional word The only ohango thoroforo that has been effeotcd as the result of the negotiations between the polonies has been the i eduction of the Queensland rato from !s to 2s for tlio first 10 words On tho present telogrnplt business passing between Vio iona and Queensland this will mean a redaction m tho receipts of about £400 per annum The department ia of opinion, howoror, that tina small concession will lead to an mcroaBO in tho tolo graplno work, and that practically ne loss of re- venue will result Tho arrangement, so far as Viotona is concerned, has yet to pass the formal stago of being eaticltoned bj tho Cibmet The iiuthorieation will probably bo given in tima to admit of tho now rate taking effect from Janunry 1 AUSTRALIAN Moiuur\ -Tho kocu fire of public otiticism caused hythe set ero comments made a fen weoks ngo by Di Thorntou, Bishop of Ballarat, whou referring to tho morality of Aus- tralian pooplo, has by no means died out This will bo scon from tho subjoined lemarks modo (says tho "Ago)" by Dt lleulle, Coadjutor Bishop of Boudigo, whilst addressing tho student« of a eouvent school l)r Roi illa re marked that " ho bellet ed Di Thornton's intoi mntion with regard to thoso nu 1er his (Dr Thornton's) jurisdiction wns quite reliable but, »peaking for tho wholo Catholic bodv, among whom ho (Dr Rovillo) hold a responsible position, ho had seen them m Loghut!, Ireland, tho Conti- nent, and America, and ho had no hesitation in sajing that in no part of tho world aro thero molo intelligent, more iirtuous, or bettor con- ducted Catholics than in Australia, Tho fall- ing off in tho standard of morals in other dénominations was, ho said, duo lo the sys- tem of purely sooulnr éducation Man) years had passed since that was introduced, but Cttholics nould not allow their chtldron to attend schools in windi oxtraots from Scripture were,, taught by itnauthorned feathers Thoy were prepared, however, to act in o liberal mininer, nud wero satisfied to gtvo up all the Stato sihools, to whiolt thoy had contributed, to the Protestant denomination Catholics would build their own schools, 1 eep them in repan, and submit their children to Govcrttmeut itispecliou, asking ouly for tho te ichera to bo paul for superintending the pupils m Boonlar knowledge, whilst tho clergy would haio the management of tho schools They wore w dirag that salaries should bo paid by the Government direotly to tho teachers " WHIOII Corovi is MFANT ?-lu tho columns of tho "Herald" last week a statement was pub- lished, on the authority of a loading Loudon paper, that Sir Stafford Njrthcoto contemplated entering tho lists for appointment ns Goiernorof one of tho Australian colonies, but the journal in question left it uuccrtatn ns to the direction in which tint gentleman wns casting Ins eves Tho Lon don correspondent of the South Australian "Advertiser" is moro definite on tho point IIo writes -"A rumour ha» boen abroad fora fowdujs to the ellet that Sir Homy Stafford Northcote, second son of the T] tri of Iddesleigh, who has boen sitting m tho llouso of Commons as Tory rcprcsentatno foi Iwtotoi since 1SS0, is desirous of quitting rirliamcnt for ono of tlio Goierumont Ilottsos m tho oolonics, aud ii journalistic friend, who sometimes makes the queerest discoveries regarding the intentions of the Goiornmeut, nssuios mo that Sir Henry will succeed Sir 1 uwell Buxton m South Aus- tralia I should liai o no hesitation in declaring lum a fitlso prophot mid Darno Rumour n pcr voitei of the truth in this instance, nero it not for the fact that wo hato boen invited to acuopt the theorj that Sir Henry desires a bill t abroad ' with caution,' and aro told that it is ' not to bo taken serious!j ' Moreotoi, Strllenry is, ni sotuo rosjieots, well qualified for n colonial Governorship lie «tatted his political career as a tlerk in tho Foreign Ollice in 1S0S, und soon after« ards became prnato teeret try to Lord Salisbur) In 1S70 ho «ns employed in a serre tarial ctpicity at Hie Constantinople lattbaesi, and lettirning to Duglnnd becamo prnato secre- tar) to tho Chnncelloi of the r hold foi threo j oats from IS77 lu ISS'i-Sfi lio was financial secretan to tlio War Office, aud in 1801-')2 a Charily Commissioner Sir Henry, «ho was horn in IS li,, innnied m 1873 tho adopted daughter of Baron Mouiitstcphen, but the uutou ha« not been blessed with childi en " A*>OTiir.u OLRM DISEASE-Commenting on the outbreak of anthrax in it uun.bor of New South Wales slteop sent tj Melbourno tho " Ago" says - " Dunug the last tno years manv of the sheep forwarded to the Melbourne niaikots-pnncipillj tho flocks from Now ¡south Wales-have been found to bo sullering from a disordor kuo« n as tho ' multiple abscess ' As far as present observations havo shown, the disetso is purely of a local character, and is confined to tho inner side of tho shoulder and tho groin of tho animal, whoro largo abscesses or sores form, and cause tlio slteop nn amount of suffonng When tho affec- tion wau first discovered citroftil examination was made of a uuinbei of carcases, but the elosost «earth failed to reveal traoes of disease aptrt from tho immediate surroundiugs of tho afieetcd limb Tho ubsco«s might havo been cut oil, and from tho appeitrauco of tlio muttou no ono would lime known but Unit it was tho healthiest and cleanest of meat Latot o-ipou ments, howeter, hato tended to show that tho multiple abscoss may poi«ibly dovolop into a moro serious complaint Profesor Allon and Dr Cliorrj, of the Molbourno TJuiversitj, who somo time ago inoculated a nttmbor of guinea pigs from tho afieoted parts of sheep, found that IK similar growth dei eloped upon tho smaller animals, with tho iesult that the subjot Is gradu- ally becamo attenuated aud died lho diseaso «as, however, \ory «low m it« dovolopment, c\eu upon so small an animal as a guinea pig Death did not ensue until from an to ei"lit weeks ufter inoculation, and it is there- fore probublo that m tho cseo of a sheep the diseaso would not reaoli a \iraient stage until aftor the lapse of about the samo number of months The slow dot elopment therefore renders it the ouster to secure n romedj In tho ciso of anthrax death ocours within a few hottr3 of in fottton, and, therefoie, it is almost impossible to ofleot a cure Hie diseaso ia in all probability duo to tho presence of a gerin, but the imestigaton havo so far not succeeded tu separating from the abscess n deduct organism Tho lato dry seasons iro bolioied to hate had a great deal to do with the proaenoo of the complaint It has boon sug- gested that as the legs are tho only parta affected, tho germ attack« hoofs which may be craoked through tratelhng over narr*,,!-T - gnduallv work, ,fi way "pS £*. .«* oí tho other joints " P "" to ,he «hcmlder ILINESS OF A NOTABLE CnicKErmi-Tk. , absence from the cricket held, throne .11* Mr li IrottlmsbeeaasÄi^-d intercolonial enckotors generally It Ln t ta fore, bo lc.rncd with pleasure WsÄ "£ that "last weet Mr II Trott »l,vAg0 ) slaying at Woodend f", somo c'on!,deit ^ returued to his home, m Dank". Z. « ? Melbourne, where lie is at present?"'' ^ with the «penses of liisVng ,«".«T*», intention of Ins friend, to institute â ii''*» among the un.iy thousands of spectator» AÍ assemble ou the Welbourn, cricket ZZA1 Boxing Day MeS6r, U H M.¿2 f** » ?T Worrall, Major Ward,«, and otter, ^^^ .ti the ecket ttorld havo consente! fa coT?' UwiUbegtatifjingtottie»,,^;^ nuces of this most pjp"hr cricketer to Tn that his medicl ,"'*,,", aftc Ti nVei2 eTper.on.eof h.sp,"Tt,,s cn.Ucd ," Tt both montillv and physically Mr Trott ,t ft presonttimo is hotter than he has hera at period since lu« illness commenced " "^ AN I\riiu.sTi-,ci Discovmi -Whatcvr» j. v. nmyexistinthcinindsofsooptA* the existence in ïsctv Zealand of T" may, perhaps bo romoied on reading ¿,7? lotting -.'lu reporting tho finding c1,«J ¡ meit s egg, the Alexandra 'nentldM.K as Mt Co trd was at wotk oa HieEsra«leuX 1 dredge, about i wo mile» nbovo AlejanL i noticed tho egg floating ," the well hole if ¿! drodge It appears that a few tamules ««"J! a portion of the blinka short distance ahead of tt. dredge had f illcn into the river, nnd an oiamT lion of tho face of the bank plainly showed ft, cavity in which the egg had lain The em J» down with tho fall of earth, and, oa bemtf fal from the so't sand, of conrao, floated to tholT faoo, and, by tho luckiest of chnacos, found its war into tho woll bolo of tho dredge, «here it T seemed The egg measured 7Jiu in length ita greatest diamoter being Sim It is m , "¿w stato of preservation, and, judging from ouUid. appearances, might havo boen laid hut «wed; ago Thoro is not tho slightest soratoh or crack lisible on the Btirfnoo The cavity in the but fiom whioh it is ciident the egg came was about 11ft from tho present surface " CHOWN JutFLs WORTH Maiioss -Accordinglo tho "Court Jeweller" published io OcrmanylUn ero« n Hint adorned Queen Wilhelmina of Holland on her coronation, and «Inch was once staten and regained, is valued it OOO.OOOdols This u not the only crown thnt baa had au adventure Pnnce Drago, grand-nophetv of Isabelle, former Queen of Spain, visited America a few tears ago forth« purposo of rogntninrr the crown the Queen had disposed uf Much to his rhagnn, he found that it had been bought up al a laluablo addition to the jewell of the Countess do Castclhne, daughter of the late Jar Gould Hie price paid font « is 12o,000dol Queen Victoria's crown is sot with 2o00 du. monds, 233 pearls, and a most extraordinary ruby Tho ero«n is tallied at l,(00,000dol Thocrotru of Portugal is said to bo worth C,200,000dol The oro« n wom by the Ltnporor of Austria wa« made 800 j ears ago for Stepbea II, King o( Iluugan It weighs 1 lib , has 53 sapphire!, oO rubies, 1 smiragd, and 31 pearl» All these jowcls aro tuiles toinpared with sorao of the Oriental roj ni headgear The jubileo jewel of tho Sultan of Tohore in Mala n, for instance u valued at 11,000,OOOdnl A Du riouLT TASK -The surgeons connected with bt Catheuno's Hospital, Now ïork, havo m piospoet a tit»k which is hhelj lo attract world« wido attention John Wigenblust, early hit Notember, whilo handling a shotgun, Mow off the front and left sido of his face The doctora an planning to build lum nn artificial face bj what la known ns plastic surgery Tho work (jaysthe Sun Francisco " Chronielo ") will bo in chnrgo of Dr J C Kennedy, visiting sur- geon nt Iho hospital, nad Dr James S Stn vin, tho houso Burgeon Surgeon Stann says " Tho first step trill bo to replace tho nose by ono of rubber or celluloid Wo shall draw np th* skin on cither side of the new nose so that it will slightly overlap tho edges Tha cheekbone and tho bouo o\er the cyo will be replaced by platea of silver or platinum We hope to be abla to U60 the old roof of the mouth without any platea and to save tho teoth When onco wo get tho noso and tho plato in place and tho process of healing has ndi anced wo ivill begin grafting ikm on tho baro surface The skin wo will take from ? tho mun s thighs It will icqiuro a long tims and hnuob pntieuco on the part of tlio suffering mm, but wo bouo to m ike a r'ipcetablo job for him before wo get through The last step will be to roplaco the lost eyo w ith one of ¿lass ' Hie electric li 'ht bictclo sports, winch luve besa twico postponed, will tako pla s to night on tb) Svduey Cricket Ground, commencing at 8 o'clock As ndtertiscd, the tickets sold for the prerious eten inga will be available to night, and the same special tram arrangements will hold good. Alderman J P Josephson, of Marrickville, has been informed by tho Postmaster- General that steps will immediately be taken to have the present post office at Dulwich Hill enlarged and made suitable to the requirements of this populous suburb A combined rail and steamer excursion to Hawkes- bury River is announced by the Railway Department to take place to day and to-morrow, Wednesday Trams leave Sydney at 9.10 a.m. to day and at 9 a.m. to-morrow, and on arrival at Hawkesbury the steamer General Gordon will be in waiting to take passengers for a trip of five hours on the river. Mr. R. Pringle's dance social at the Oddfellows' Temple last night was attended by about 250 per- sons. Yesterday afternoon a severe accident hap- pened at Prospect race to a jockey named Mont- gomery He was riding in a race, when he was thrown upon a stake, the wood entering the fleshy part of the log just above the knee and piercing nearly through the thigh a distants of about Stn He was taken to the Parramatta District Hospital, where Dr Waugh extracted three huge splinters. Fortunately the arteries were not injured A man named George Rogers 30 years of age, and by occupation a miner, met with a peculiar accident yesterday He was standing at the corner of Hay and George streets when lie slipped and fell break- ing both bones of the right leg He is ander treat- ment at the Sydnoy Hospital. 