SHIPPING. PORT OF FREMANTLE. ARRIVED^-May 17. Waroonga, s,s., 2513 tons, M, M. Osborne inastor, ftoin Sydnoy via ports. Passengers us' per list telegraphed from Albany, and pro vimisly published, A.U.S.N. Company, Limited, 'agents, SAILED.-May 17, Sultan, s.s. , 1919 tons, F. Pitts mastor, for Singapore via Nov'-West ports. Passengers : Mosdiunos Rolmvn, Wlute, nnd Snook } Misses i'lnto, nurse, and family, and Warburton 5 and Messrs, E, R. Libson, V. Riley, E.Be natti, J. Gordon, H. Ford, White, W, G. VVavthoyke, J, Anderson, G, Jonos, W. Hondy, AY. Collins, J, Davcey, A. Baker, *. Dunnloa, B. Malonoy, G. Garvey, H. Moses, W. Vine, W. Malonoy, J. Kello, M. O'Brien, J. MoPlieo, G. Marriott, B. Raff man, J. McCarthy, J, Stewart, J, Wright, 'W. Turner, J,. O'Grady, J, Morrissoy, J. O'Brien, J. Wilkinson, S. Walker, J. Dun loavey, W. Andorson, J. Williams, W. Cony, J. MaGrndy, J, McGinty, J. Malone, J, Duff, W. Nolan, S, Tumor, T. Cogliu, \Y. Jack inari, J. Nioholls,' S. Payne, R. Stanbridgo, O, Kurran, G. Kay, E, PHzscho, J, Rose; J. Stock, J. Fisher, T, Fahey, J. Seott, A. Pondlobury, J, W. Hart, .T, MoNamava, W. J. MoKivy, T. R. Welsh, Bredero, H. Stone, T. and J. Lefroy, O, Zeddie, J. Cook, T. Brysan, J, Smith, E. Kleive, R. Vinoont, R. Getlon, W. Bryson, O. Smith, W. Sefton, W. Loton, J. Leonard, Ramago, G, Pilking toil, W, McLean, R, Boyev, W, Grant, W. Bedford, P. Hanson; H. Carter, A. Bert, J. Matthews, B. Porter, Coppack, B. Purg, J. J. Larkham, and A. Hepburn, Dalgoty.and 00,, Limited, agonts, THE GERMAN-AUSTRALIAN STEAM-. SHIP COMPANY. Arrangements have just been completed' by Miv H, W, Henderson, gonoral agent in Aus tralasia for tho German-Australian Steamship Company, who is at the-, present time, on 'a. visit to Fremantlo, for the establishment of a 'regular monthly steamship service botwoon -hamtmrg and Adolaide, via Antwerp, Port Elizabeth, and Fremuntlo, The new service will, be inaugurated by the steamor Essen, which is to leavo Hamburg on July 21, The subsequent steamors to contimio the trade will bo the Chomnit/., Sommerfeld, Solingen. Stassfurt, and a tifth steamer, which will probably be a chartered vossol. It has not yet, been do'oided wliotlier or riot Fromantle is to bo a port of oall on the' homeward trip. Cargo recoived on board at Hamburg will be dpliverod in 58 days and Antwerp cargo in 52 days, Those vessels will also receive at Ham ourg transhipments from Now York, Messrs, Strelita Bros, are tho Fremantle uuents fm tho German-Australian Steamship Company, Tho steamers belonging to this line aro not by any moans strangors in Western Australian wators.as several of tho company's boats havo, during tho past 12 months, visited Fromantle. Heretofore, .however,, thoy havo not run at regular intervals. MARITIME MISCELLANY. Yestorday afternoon tho A.U.S.N, Com pany's steumor Waroouga arrived in Gage Roads from the oast, and subsequently took up a berth alongsido the South Quay. Tho United Steamship Company of Copen hagen intends to add oight steamers of 6000 tons and over to its ileot, as well as a couple of smaller dimensions. According to Danish' papers tho idoa is to extend the company's transatlantic traffic, Tho company's accounts for the year 1097 show a balance of profit amounting to. 2,877,733 kroner, ' and aftei writing otf the sum of 22,179 ki\, adding to the renewal and reserve- funds, and paying a dividend of 10 per cent,, 17,000 kr, will bo carried over, to tho now account, The Isis, a powerful sorow steamer of 6500 hovso-powev, and 2000 tons register, which is uoing uuilfnt Greenock for tho P.1 and O. Company,. . was. successfully launched last muntn. ' ' ' ' ' ; At a recent board meeting of tho North Gor man Lloyd Company .? it was decided to es tablish a monthly lino of cargo boats between Bromen, Hamburg, Rotterdam, Antwerp, and ports in Eastern Asia. This will bo in ad-, dition to tho lino of Imporial mail steamors,. and six new boats will bo; built for the sor vico, noshes iv uouplo of mail steamers, Tho proposed dividond for 1897 is 5 per cont, 4.~e Uovornmeut of VonoKiiola has granted to. an English syndicate what is doscribed as aimost a monopoly of navigation on tho Orinoco, together with valuable india-rubber concessions and extensive powers with refer once to immigration. The same syndicate is sftid to bo seeking Bimiitir powers from the Brazilian and Colombian Governments, 