NEWS AND NOTES. R.M.S. ROSIE.-The R.M.S. Rome, going south, passed Cape Leeuwin at 215 p.m. yesterday. RESIGNATION OF A JUSTICE OF THE PEACE.-Mr. G. L. L. Lawson, Yalgoo, has resigned his commission as a justice o£ the peace. THE CHRISTMAS SCHOOL "VACATION. The public schools in Perth closed yester- day afternoon for the Christmas vacation. They will reopen on January 30. DEPOSITING A CARCASE NEAR A BOAB.-' Charles Todd was charged ab the City Police Court yesterday with depositing a dead hora« near a dairy on the Wanneroo road, and was fined 20s. and costs. THE DETECTIVE FORCE.-We understand that during Inspector Farley's absence on leave no officer of the detective force will be specially appointed to perform the duties of his office. Senior Detective Baker, however, will have charge of the office. UNLAWFUL REMOVAL OF A BOAT.-At the City Police Court yesterday, before Mr. A. S. Roe, P.M., Samuel O'Grady was charged with unlawfully removing a boat. He pleaded that he had done so mistaking the boat for one belonging to his employer. He was fined 53. LOCAL BOARDS OF HEALTH.-An order in-council was passed at last meeting of the Executive Council appointing a local board of health at Jarrahdene timber mill, near Karridale. Mr. Samuel Nor- folk has beea appointed a member of the local board of health at Weelona, Lake Way, vice Mr. J. W. Wooton. PROBATES AND ADMINISTRATIONS.-Pro- bate was issued last week to the will of Henry C. B. Tanner, late of Fiesole, Bathwick Hill, Bath, England, Colonel, Indian Staff Corps, formerly of Petersfield, Hants, England, to Mai y Anne Jane Sealy Tanner, the amount being ¿£1,493 lOs. Letter of Administration : Elizabeth Ellen Whelan, late of Leederville, married woman, to Thomas Gilbert Whelan, ¿680. CRIMINAL COURT.-We have been re- quested by the Crown Law authorities to notify that jurors summoned to attend the December sittings of the Criminal Court TV ill not be lequired to attend any further, there being no other cases for trial. .It is understood that hil Honojr Mr. Justice Hensman will sit this morning for the pur- pose of sentencing a prisoner and formally adjourning the Court. BREACH OF PERTH PARK BT-LAWS.-1 John Yateman was charged at the City Police Court yesterday with driving a vehicle through the Perth Park, carrying merchandise. Defendant pleaded ignor ance, but the Police Magistrate remarked that that excuse was getting too thin now, and instructed the police to inform the ranger that a more striking notification of the by-law should be exhibited at the gates of the Park. Defendant was fined 2s. Gd. and costs. A CHARGE WITHDRAWN.- At the City Police Court yesterday, before Mr. A. S. Roe, P.M., Mr. Abbott, as counsel for the prosecutor (W.J. Gutteridge), with the con- currence of counsel for the defence (Mr Durs ton), moved for leave to withdraw the charge against Thos. T. Thornton of having em- bezzled certain moneys. The result of the investigations of the books by an auditor showed that there were no ground upon which to proceed further with the matter. RIVER EXCURSIONS. - The excursion steamer Manx Fairy is announced to mate a number of special trips to and from Point Walter and Osborne during Christmas week, commencing on Saturday (to- morrow), when the usual two excursions will be taken. Oa Sunday and Monday three tiips will be undertaten, nainelv, at 10.30 a.in. and 2.30 and 7.30 p.m. " On Tuesday two trips, and on Wednesday the usual aiternoou excursion. Picnic parties are notified that a reduction is made for parties over 40 in number. THE RAILWAY FATAMTY.-The Coroner (Dr. Lovegrove) and a jury of three, yes- terday, held au enquiry into the cause of the death of Win. Kluge, the lad who was run into by a train at West Perth on the previous evening. The evidence disclosed facts as published in the columns of the WEST AUSTRALIAN yesterday. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that de- ceased came by his death by being run into by a train while ho was trespassing on the railway line, adding a rider that the rail- way officials had used all reasonable care to prevent the accident. SOCIAL GATHERING AT FREMANTLE.- A social in connection with the Fremantle Baptist Church was held in the supper rooms of the Fremantle Town Hall on Wednesday evening last, to welcome Mr. and Mrs. Ferres and family, who for eleven months past had been holiday-making in the eastern colonies. The guests were heartily welcomed by a large number of friends who had assembled for the occasion. At the same time a hearty welcome was extended by Messrs. Lambert, Garrett and Lovell to the Rev. J. Beck, who was unani- mously invited to and accepted the pas- torate of the Fremantle Baptist Church. Refreshments were partaken of and a pleasant evening was spent. MANUAL INSTRUCTION CLASSES.-Fol- lowing are the results of the examination in elementary carpentry in connection with the manual instruction evening classes conducted by the Education De- partment :-Theory.-Paper I (writing and oral) A. Cameron, 1; W. Horne, 2; W. Moyes, 3 (credit passes) ; G. Manning, 4 ; W. Pearson, 5 (passes). Paper II. (draw- ing) : A. Cameron, 1 ; W. Horne, 2 ; G. Manning, 3 ; W. Moyes, 4 (credit passes) ; W. Pearson, 5 (pass). Practical bondi work . W. Moyes, 1 ; W. Horne, 2 (credit passes); A. Arnold, 3; G. Manning, 4; A. Cameron, 5 j W. Pearson, 6 (passes). The examiners were Messrs. Hillson Beanley, A.R.T.V.A., and B. F. Storer. FUNERAL AT FREMANTLE. — Yesterday afternoon the remains of the late Mr. Duncan Cameron, late of the Locomotive Department, were interred in the Fre- mantle cemetery, the cortège moving from Barnett-street at 4 o'clock and being a very large one. About 60 members of the Freemasons' lodges (S.C. and E.C.) and an equal number of the members of the Amal- gamated Society of Engineers, a number of members from the Ancient Order of Fores- ters and of the Caledonian Society, and personal friends joined the procession. The funeral rites, according to Masonic custom, were performed by I.P.M., Bro. McKimmie, after the usual funeral service of the Pres- byterian Church. The mortuary arrange- ments were carried out by Mr. A. E. Davies, undertaker. THE COOLGARDIE EXHIBITION.—As the time for closing the entries approaches (the 31st instant) matters in connection with the Western Australian International Min- ing and Industrial Exhibition, which opens at Coolgardie on Tuesday, 21st March, 1899, are, it is stated, assuming large propor- tions. From news received by the last English mail, more favourable and en- couraging reports have come to hand. Numerous applications for space have already been booked, and France, Belgium, Germany, Austria, Ceylon, etc., have not only intimated a desire to be fully repre- sented, but the Governments of those coun- tries, besides granting every facility of transit, have, it is understood, also sub- sidised the various commissions in order to insure an adequate representation. The contributions of fine arts from the Conti- nent promise to be most attractive. MIDLAND JUNCTION WESLEYAN CHURCH. —A "medley" was held last Wednesday night in the Midland Junction Wesleyan Methodist Church with the view to raising funds towards extinguishing the original debt on the building. The church was prettily decorated witli bunting and Howers. Mr. N. K. Ewing, M.L.A., de- clared " the medley " open. Mr. Weber's string band efficiently played several selec- tions. The stalls, which were very attrac- tive, were presided over as follows :-Re ire3hnieats. Mesdames Robertson, Gate, Pascoe, and Miss Loughton ; flowers, Misses Loughton and Chandler; fancy, Mr3. Wells, Miss« Weir a.id Sara; Jacob's well, Miss Miller ; post office. Miss Fletcher; Christmas tree, Mrs. Bray and Miss Robin- son. Mr. B. Weiland had chargo of an electric battery. Songs were given ab intervals by different ladies and gentle- men. ACETYLENE GAS.-Last night a number of gentlemen attended at the drapery establishment of Messrs. J. McHenry Clark and Co. to witness the installation thioughout the premises oE acetylene gas. Mr. Fink, of Messrs. Fink and Co., who are at present engaged in the flotation of the West Australian Acetylene Gas Com- pany, Limited, explained the advantages of the gas as an illuminant, its cheapness as compared with other lights, and its free ness from explosion. The plant placed in Messrs. McHenry Clark and Co.'s estab- lishment consists of two generators and a gasometer, and, although supposed to supply only 50 burners, over 100 burners were supplied last night. The carboid from which the gas is generated is com posed of a compound of limestone and charcoal, and the advantages are that immediately it is placed in the generators and water is allowed to come into contact with it gas passes through to the gasometer. Great interest was takeu in the installation, and every explanation respecting acetylene gas was supplied. ST. JOSEPH'S CONVENT SCHOOL, FRE- MANTLE.-A very enjoyable gathering took place in the large school room of St. Joseph's Convent, Fremantle, on Wednes- day afternoon, when the pupils of the school gave an entertainment consisting of choruses, rounds, and part songs, prior to the annual distribution of prizes. The singing of the pupils was excellent, both as regards tims and tune, one of the best numbers being a German part song " The Mill Wheel," while a German Volkslied, '? Sunday on the Rhine," was also particu- larly good. The dancing and action songs were exceedingly well rendered, and Mr. G. B. Paice, the singing and violin master at the Convent schools, may be congratu- lated upon the success he has attained with the pupils of this school. Father Ryan, in a well chosen speech, commended the good sisters for the work they had done, and wished everybody a merry Christmas and a happy New Year. The prizes were then distributed to the successful scholars by the rev. gentleman. " CASSELL'S MAGAZINE." - From the Perth office of Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, Limited, ive have received the Christmas number of Cassell's Magasine. Among the contributors of short stories are such popu- lar writers as Anthony Hope, Ouida, Robert Barr, Max Pemberton, W. Le Queux, and Guy Boothby. Then, too, there are articles on subjects of general interest -one on the Foreign Office, the Guards corp3 of several of the European Sovereigns, and on Christmas in the Army. The illustrations are a special feature of the number. The chief of these is a large pro sontation plate, '. The Room with the Secret Door," from the painting by Miss Macgregor, exhibited at this year's exhibi- tion of the Royal Academy. As a frontis- piece is presented a photogravure of the picture by Frank Dadd, R.I., entitled " The Good Old Time3." In addition there are several full-page coloured platos. From every point ot view the number is an Attractive on*. WESTERN AUSTRALIA AND VICTORIA. In the return issued by the Registrar General of Victoria concerning the popu- lation of that colony for the quarter ended September 30, appears the following refer- ence to migration between that colony and Western Australia :-" The records of mi- gration-which include passengers merely calling at Victorian ports en roufe-3how a balance in favour ot immigrants of 1,763 from Western Australia. The noticeable feature is the cessation-temporary at least-of the emigration to Western Aus- tralia, to which there has been au almost uninterrupted net emigration during the previous nine yeare and a half amounting altogether to 70,650. The only exception to the regular outflow to Western Australia occurred ia the fourth quarter of 1833 and 1897, wh?n there was a net gain (to Victoria) of 379 and 2,464 respectively, and in the quarter under review. In the third quarter of 1897 the net emigration to Western Aus- tralia was 1,577 aud in the corresponding quarter of 1896 it was 7,795." MIDLAND JUNCTION STATE SCHOOL. Quile a pleasant gathering took place on Thursday morning at the Slate school, when the parents and friend"? of the school children and members of the Swan Board of Education met at the invitation of Mr. Hand, the head teacher, to celebrate the breaking up of the school. A very marked advance has been made ia the vchool since Mr. Hand took charge. The school is large and has every convenience. There are 2Ö7 children on the roll, with an average attendance of 200. It was pleasing to sae the discipline shown, showing that the master has his pupils well under command. Mr. Hand is ably assisted by Mr. McDonald and Misse3 Houragan, Sampson, and O'Hagan. After hearing the children answer a number of questions and give an exhibition of singing Mr. Johnson, hon. secretary to the board, Mr. Guppy, the chairman, and others spoke in the highest terms of the teachers." The proceedings terminated by the singing of the National Anthem. SUPREME COURT JUDGMENTS -At the sitting of the No. 1 Court yesterday Mr. Justice James intimated to the Bar that he wished to say a few words about two cases, the judgments in respect to which he was considering. One ua3 the case of the Stanley Brewery Company against Eccles and Ingram, and the other he_ might describe shortly as the Paterson will case. He had been engaged upon both almost continuously, but had been unable to finish his judgment in either case. He purposed giving his judgment in each case on Friday morning week, the 30th instant, in No. 1 Court. The Chief Justice will sit m Chambers this morning at 10.30 for tho hearing of ex -parte applications only. At li o'clock the Full Court will sit to re-he.« the argument for aud against the issue oí a writ of mandamus against the Master of the Court in respect to allowing O. L. Haines to search indices or calendars and documents in the central office. The Criminal Court will sit at the usual hour for the purpose of passing sontence upon Saripo, a Malay, convicted of receiving. YOUNG LADIES* COLLEGE.-The pupils attending the Young Ladies' College in Vic- toria Square, under the care of the Sisters of Mercy, gava their annual entertainment on Wednesday evening in the schoolroom, previous to the Christmas holidays. There was a large attendance of parents and friends, including Mr. Justice James, Mr. T. F. Quinlan, M.L.A., Mr. and Mrs. AV. E. Clifton, Mr. F. Spencer, Mr. H. F. John- ston, J. E. Browne, Monsignor Bourke, and Fathers Stritch and McLonghlin. The schoolroom was very appropriately deco- rated, and the arrangements for the enter- tainment were well carried out. A varied and interesting programme was presented, and the result was that all present spent a very enjoyable evening. At the termina- tion of the programme, Monsignor Bourke intimated that, in accordance wit i the custom at the college, the pupils had chosen one amongst them as the most amiable girl in the school, and the ehoica had fallen upon Mis3 Eloise Heppingstone. The lady named was then crowned with a wreath of flowers by Mrs. Prinsep. The closing address was repeated by Miss Milly Clifton. After a few appropriate words of thanks from Monsignor Bourke, the gather- ing dispersed. CHRISTMAS CARDS.-We have received from Messrs. Raphael Tuck and Sons, the well-known art publishers of London, Paris, and New York, a sample box of their Christmas and New Year's cards, calendars, and toybooks. Judging from the specimens submitted to us, the firm's claim that the new collection in all its divisions and sub-divisions is once more in advance of its predecessors is amply sub- stantiated. Perhaps, the most beautiful in the large selection is a pair of pictures of two classic figure, entitled "Pompeian Days," which have been reduced in phototype from the original painting by Herbert Howitz. Among the calendan the most original is entitled " Don Quixote up to date," and represents the adventures of the redoubtable knight and his faithful squire Sancho Panza, with bicycles foi their steeds. The Christmas and New Year's cards are in wonderful variety, and include something to suit all tastes and purses. Among the children'a books ths most acceptable to the younir folks will probably be those which, besides the coloured pictures and the story, contain uncoloured pictures, for which the coloured ones supply the copy. They ar» thus story, painting and picture books in one. METROPOLITAN WATERWORKS BOARD A meeting of the Metropolitan Water- works Board was hold yesterday afternoon. Subsequently the chairman,Mr. W. Traylen, informed a representative of this paper that the superintendent had called their attention to the bare possibility of a frac- ture of one of the cast iron pipes in the« main on the Canning Flats. He reported that eight pipes had already been cut out of the total number, and suggested that in order to prevent a loss of water it would b» as well for the two mains to be connected at the point where they meat, and to put in re- flux valve3 which, m the event of a burst, would close automatically, and say» a great amount of water. The board also had under consideration the laying oE mains in Suburban and Constitution roads. The question of filtering by the Pasteur Chamberland process has also been under consideration, information on the subject having been received from the Engineer-in-Chief's office. While in the opinion of the board the system is an ad« mirable one, it would be, it is considered, too expensive, for at London, f.o.b., a plant capable of filtering 2,000,000 gallons pet day would cost ¿100,000. SWALLOWS, NOT SPARROWS.-An effort is being made by,the New Zealand Govern- ment to import swallows into that colony (says the Melbourne Age). "There areno swallows in New Zealand, and, having regard to the bird's great value as an insect destroyer, the Government hal attempted on several occasions to introduce the species, but without success. The difficulty is that the swallow feeds on live insects caught on the wing, and no one ha3 been able to keep the birds alive in cap- tivity for the five or six days required to reach New Zealand from the Australian continent. In view of this difficulty, Mr. Le Souef, the director of the Zoological G.irdens, who was consulted by the New Zealand Government, advised that the importation of the swallow should be placed before the public with the induce- ment of a bonus, and this has been acted on. The Piemier has now issued a notice, on behalf of the New Zealand Government, that a bonus of ¿6100 will be paid to tha first person who delivers 200 live swallows in New Zealand within two months from December 12. A proportionate sum wiO be paid for a smaller numbar of birds. The swallows are to ba delivered at the firss port of call to an officer to be appointed by the New Zealand Government." Locally it has been stated that the bonus offered by the New Zealand Government was for sparrows, but apparently that is incorrect. DANISH TUBERCULOSIS LAW.-A strin- gent law, having for its object the com- bating of tuberculosis in cattle, has been passed by the Danish Government. Under its provisions an annual grant of £5,555 ia to ba placed at the disposal of the Minister of Agriculture to assist owners of cattle who wish to apply the tuberculin test to their herds. Live cattle can only be im- ported via cert.iia stations fixed by the Government. Immediately after importa- tion the animals are to be tested with tuberculin by the veterinary police, such teats to ha completed within five days after landing-at-latest, and those that have reacted must ho slaughtered under official mpervision. The expense of establishing the necessary quarantine stations and the cost of the tuberculin test will be defrayed by the Government. Cows attacked by tuberculosis of the udder must be slaugh- tered in accordance with the lat,. The ownor receives as compensation one-fourth of the value of the carcase calculated according to its waight and the current price. If any portion of the meat is de- clared by the veterinary officer to be unfit for human food, thr owner further receives one-half the value oE such part. Dairies will not be allowed to deliver milk or but- termilk as food for animals unless it has been previously lituted up to 135deg. F.ih. Infractions of the law ara punishable by flues, which go to the State. " WESTERN MAIL "-To-day's issue of the WESTERN MAIL contains a series of illustra- tions referring to the Abrolhos that show some of tho characteristic features of that interesting WestornAustralunarchipoIago. There is also a view of the Victoria Institute for the Blind a3 it will look when completed. The foundation stone of this building was laid last Saturday. A re- markably plump and well developed Subiaco babyjis given a ri-ominent position, while the municipal ioi)iesenfcuivo3 of Southern Cross, with Cr." Smith, of Fre- mantle, and Mr. J. Clo.iry, Mayor of Mount Magnet, are also subjects of other views. For sporting men a pageful of Canning Park Cup candidates aie provided, and there is also a reproduction of the whip trophy for the Perth Cup winning jockey, presented by Mr. C. Cuthbert. The cartoon page is up to dat», dealing with such questions as the water supply, the local shara registers, the Fremantle v. Perth cricket match, the Width of Tire3 Act, and, of course, Christmas. In addition to the full news of tho week, including the case of ROBB V. WEST AUSTRALIAN, there are three interesting Christmas stories, "A. Real Old Timo Christmas," by John Strange Winter, "God Bles3 the Master of this House," by George R. Sims, and a children's tale entitled "Deborah and Tiny," in the column supervised by " Aunt Mary." ST. BRIGID'S SCHOOL. - The Roman Catholic School of St. Brigid's, North- west; Perth, broke up for the Christmas vacation yesterday, and the occasion was signalised by the usual annual exhibition. As usual the large roomy building was crowded in all parts, the entertainments given by the children of St. Brigid's always being bright and attractive, and well adapted to display some of the best results attained in the training of the scholars. The programme itself was somewhat shorter than usual, out of merciful con- sideration for the audience at this some- what trying poriod of the year in- doors, hut it lo3t nothing of its excel- lence. " Consisting of pianoforte duets and trios, vocal choruses,.action songs, marches, and drill, it enabled an hour and a half to be pleasantly spent. Particularly ap- preciated were the crying and laughing choruses, and cleverly-spoken and acted dialogue called "The Secret," the junior girls'fan drill, and senior girls' club swing- ing. The action song, "My Bike," was also good, the riding by a little boy and girl, each a-wheel, on the stago being vet y clever. The floral work was really admir- able, the only drawback being that the stage was hardly large enough to ensure the full effect of the pretty movements executed by the children At the con- clusion of the programme, the Right Rev. Monsignor Bourke, Y.G., distributed the prizes, and before doing so thanked all for ' their attendance, the children for their entertainment, and the Sisters of Mercy for their self-denying and excellent labouw. A"B regarded the annual examination by the inspectors, he had not, he said, received the report yet, but he was assured by the inspectors of their satisfaction, and that the percentage of passes was very high in- deed^ v CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL CARNIVAL.-The forward atate of everything in connection with the Children's Hospital Carnival is most satisfactory. The work of arranging »peh a large undertaking is extremely heavy, but it is now virtually completed, only the final touches having to be given. The carnival will be opened by his Excel- lency the Governor at 4 p m. to-morrow, and should be a great success. The fore- cast in our advertising columns shows that the amusements will not he allowed to flag, and that the carnival is likely to prove, while it continues, a distinctly popular holiday resort Stall-holders are invited by advertisement to attend at the grounds any time after 10 a.m. on the date of open- ing to" supervise the final decoration of their stalls, and a meeting of the com- mittee for 4.15 p.m. is {announced. Active preparations are being made by the various unions affiliated with the Trades and Labour Council in connection with the Christmas Tree to be furnished by t.;ein at the Carnival. As a reäult of the energy thrown into the move- ment the Christmas Tree promises to be an artistic production, and when loaded with its full complement of dolls, toys, lollies, etc., will probably attract a good deal of attention from the juvenile portion of the community. The following have donated goods and money in aid of this laudable object:-Bootmakers' Union, ¿62 Is.; Engineers' Society, £\; Bakers' Union, largo .Óhristmas cake; Mr. D. Guthrie, Hay-street, toys; Mr. Perry, William - street, fancy confectionery ; Alston Soap Works, 12 dozen packets of candles ;** Moasi-s. Boan Bros., dolls; Albany Bel^ Tollies ; Mr. Levi Green, toys ; Messrs. Ranford Bros., West Perth, 14 pair ladies' shoes. AMERICAN WHEAT PRODUCTION.-The assertion has been frequently made that, taking into account the íapidity with which the population is increasing-, the time is not far distant when the United States will cease to be a wheat-exporting country. At the present time America supplies about 43 per cent, of the wheat requirements of Great Britain, and (re- marks the Argus) if all her wheat were re- quired for her own population a, consider- able vacuum in England would have to be filled from other sources, and other coun- tries would get a share «f the trade that is to such a large extent monopolised by America. From this point of view the sub- ject is interesting to Australians, who are now giving more attention to wheat-grow- ing than was ever previously the ease. A little inquiry, however, shows clearly enough that many years must elapse before the United States ceases to be a wheat - exporting country. Her most productive wheat fields to-day are those which 10 yeais ago wer* not seriously thought about, and large areas of new land are being annually brought under cultivation, while in the older dis- tricts wheat is still the premier crop, when- ever prices warrant its extensive cultiva- tion. It is not many years since it was freely asserted throughout what was then called the West that Kansas, the Indian territory, and most of Texas -«ere only fit for cattle pastures, but of late years a wonderful development has taken place, and the farmers are steadily driving out the ranch men. The ability of America to produce wheat is simply enormous, and it must be remembered that cheap land and improved agricultural machinery have made it possible to produce wheat on land that was once considered outside the pale of cultivation. Those who talk ot the States becoming an importer of Tjreadstufifs forget that the land which has been settled for a century can be made as productive as ever under a proper system of farming, and this old cultivated land in conjunction "with the vast areas of virgin soil that are ¿till awaiting reclamation, will próvido for Ê« wheat requirements of the country for any years to come, and still leave avail- able a large surplus for export. 1 THE VITICULTURAL INDUSTRY.-Another Vintage is approaching? and (remarks the Melbourne .argus) with it will come the complaints that have been heaid with monotonous regularity from vignerons for years past-no market for the wine in their cellars ; no room to store the new vintage, unless new buildings are erected ; no money available to próvido the neces- sary accommodation. Truly, the lot of the winegrower who cultivates only a small plot of vines has been anything but a plea- sant one. He was encouiaçed to take up viticulture by the offer of a bonus of so much per acre for the vines planted, and lie naturally thought he would be assisted to lind a market for his produce. That market has not yet been found, and is not likely to ba available until an export trade similar to the butter k. trade has bean established: It -iB-orrthe oversea market that the future success of the win« industry depends, and so far as the small vigneion is concerned, an export trade that directly banefiti him eau best be established through the medium of large cential wine-maturing cellars. The desirability of establishing central cellars has been talked of for years, but has never got beyond talk, and is likely to remain at that stage for a long timo to come, unless the .Agricultural Department can be gal- vanised into activity. Wineries have been established in some centi es of production, /but in doing so a beginning has been made at the wiong end; Wineries should occupy a similar position in relation with central cellar; to creameries in relation willi butter factories, and, furthermo.e, the wines treated at such establishments should he for export only. Local wineries are good up to a certain point, but the position now is that some, at all events, oE these subsidised institutions are selling wines in the local market, and are thus unfairly competing with private enterprise. Wineries t'.iat i active Government subsidy should be compelled to «port their wines, and thus relievo tho lecal market, instead of, as now, being placed in a position to undersell individual growers, who have never obtained StiUo assistance. Instead of the industry being progres>siva it is roirograding, and many vineyards have been allowed to ¿o to i uin because no market could be found for the produce at a price that left the owners even the smallest margin of profit The industry is surely worth saving. It3 prosperity and progress depend upon the development of an export trade that will ensure a safe and certain market for the wines of small growers, and it is to this end that State assistance and private enterprite should be directed. PRESENTATIONS.-Advantage was taken yesterday afternoon of the distribution of prizes at the Highgate Public School to bid farewell to the first assistant (Mr. J. Haamill), who has been appointed hoad master of the Toorak School. Mr. Macgregor, head master, on behalf of the teachers, parents, and pupils, expressed sincere regret at Mr. Hammills departure, and hoped he would be as successful in the future as he had been in the past. He was sure that he carried away with him their highest respect. Mr. Macgregor then pre- sented Mr. Himmill with a suitably mounted enlarged photo, of the staff from the teachers, au inscribed box of mathe- matical instruments from his class, and a silver inkstand from the pupils. The re- cipient expressed his regret at severing his connection with the school, where he had spent so many happy hours. He was gratified to know that he had their good wishes and confidence. He thanked .them heartily for their tokens of esteem. A pleasing incident took place at the estab- lishment of Messrs. Drake and Stubbs last evening, when Mr. J. T. G. Munro, who is just about to enter the bonds of matrimony, was presented with a wedding present in the shape of a dinner service. Mr. McDonald made the presentation on behalf of the employees, and Mr. Munro ( suitably responded. In addition, Messrs. Drake and Stubbs piesented Mr. Munro with a handsome liquer stand. _, A WEST AUSTRALIAN CONTRIBUTION. The London Daily Telegraph of November 17 states :-The distribution of a season- able little money present forwarded from West Australia occasioned a pleasant break in the dull routinu of police- court pro- cedure at Worship-street yesterday. The antipodean benefaction amounted to no more than £5, but the kindly spirit mani- fested by the donor made it all the more acceptable. It was addressed to the Wor- ship-street magistrates. The writer stated that he was well acquainted with lower London, in the midst of which he was for many years a poor boy. He was better off now, however, and, having read the late Mr. Montagu Williams's "Later Leaves," he was instigated thereby to' send and beg of the Worship-street magistrates te receive £5 to be divided into ten parts, so as to eke it out as a gift of 10s. each to as many destitute persons. "It is but trifle, but it may serve to brighten the hours of the receivers for a short time, at any rate. I should be pleased, if it is not putting j'ou to too much trouble, if you would let each recipient have an Australian half-sovereign." Mr. 'Haden Corser, to whose lot the agreeable function fell, com- plied with the donor's request. The matter being placed in the hands of Mr. Massy, the court missionary, that gentleman found not the least difficulty in selecting ten of the poorest and most deserving mothers of families resident in the district -including one whose husband had de- serted Ser, leaving her with two small children, one lying ill in the one room they occupy. IMPORTED DURHAM BULL.-Mr. A. Craw- ford, dairy expert to the Department of Agriculture, reports as follows: - "As directed £ wen? to Fremantle to see the bull imported from England by Mr. Samuel J. Phillips. The animal is a very fine speci- men of the Durham or shorthorn breed, and is apparently about two years old, being a rich dark roan with a white saddle at back of shoulder and star in the fore- head. He has been landed in very good condition, and should he a very valuable acquisition to the colony. He is typical of the highest class of shorthorn, perfectly level on back to the shoulder wli«re the opening of the neck rises, and then the neck narrows in, a point so often deficient even in highly bred animals where the head is set on. He is especially deep in the flank, and almost as level underneath as above until the brisket and dew lap are reached, where he is particularly deep. Judging from the escutcheon, which well developed for a bull, be has evidently come from a good milking strain, and from the colour and softness of his skin, ought to get stock giving rich milk and plenty of it. Where a good strain of milking shorthorns are obtain- able, they are very hard to beat as dairy cattle, giving large quantities of rich milk, frequently up to 25 quarts per day, pro- vided they have rich pastures or are pro- vided with plenty of artificial food. If the pastures are poor and hand feeding is not resorted to, as milkers they are not pro- fitable." REES V. "WEST AUSTRALIAN."-After a hearing lasting three days, the action of Ree3 v. WEST AUSTRALIAN came to an abrupt, although, perhaps, not entirely un pected, termination yesterday. The charge against the defendant journal wa3 libel, and the editor, Mr. J. W. Hackett, M.L.C., was joined as a co- defendant. The plain- tiff was Mr. Rowland Rees, an ex-member of the Parliament of South Australia, and upon one occasion, for ten days, a Minister of the Crown in that colony. The charge of libel arose out oE a paragraph inserted in the WEST AUSTRALIAN a few months ago stating that a writ had been issued for the recovery of a security which, it was alleged in the endorse- ment on the writ, Mr. Rees had obtained by false and fraudulent representations in connection with the Northampton Copper Mining Company, Limited. It transpired in court that the security referred to was a promissory note for ¿6500, given by Mr. Hackett. The hearing of the action com- menced beforo the Chief Justice and a special jury, in the Supreme Court, at half-past 10 last Monday morning, and was continued from day to day np till twenty minutes past 11 yesterday morn- ing. Mr. E. A. Harney, with Mr. W. Smith, conducted the case for the plaintiff, and Mr. R. S. Haynes, with Mr. F. M. Stone, appeared for the defendants. For the plaintiff, evidence was given by Mr. Rees-whose appearance in the box ex- tended over a considerable part of the second day-and Mr. A. Lovekin. Evi- dence for the defendants was given by Messrs. S. Mitchell, M.L.A.; Hugh Stephens, C. A. Deeley, S. Burt, Q.C., M.L A.; W. James, M.L.A.; H. I. -Blake, T. W. Hardwick and J. Shaw and the Premier, Sir John Forrest. During the hearing ot the case the Court was thronged with spectators, among them being many who attended regularly from day to day, and evinced the utmost interest in the pro- ceedings, which were reported with con- sideradla fullness in the columns of this journal, occupying some seven and twenty columns of matter. Even before a word of evidence had been given for the defence there wa3 a pretty wide spread opinion that the evidence given on bohalf of the plain- tiff was of such a character as to preclude the possibility of his obtaining a verdict, and this view gained strength as witness after witness appeared in the box for the defendants and gave evidence to large extent flatly contradictory of tho plaintiff's story. Yesterday morning, after several witnesses had been examined, and it remained but for Mr. Hackett to complete the evidence for the defence, the Chief Justice requested the leading counsel for each side to íetire with him into h¡3 chamber. The unusual nature of this course, coupled with the evidence already taken, increased the growing conviction that the plaintiff's case had collapsed, and the correctness of this view was established when the learned judga and the counsel returned into the court. His Honour then suggested in open court that it must have forced itself upon the mind of Mr. Harney, as it had upon his own, that a verdict for the defendants was ¡net i table. His Honour, therefore, suggested that the »paities should agree to the withdrawal of a juror in the case of Rees WEST AUSTRALIAN, and that a verdict for the plaintiff should be given in the action of Hackett v. Rees-for the recovery of the promissory note roforred to- which was set down to follow. Tho learned Chief Justice further suggested that costs should not follow the verdict in either case, thi3 being out of consideration for Mr. Ree3. He added that if Mr. Hackett consented to this he should consider he would be be- having generously. A brief conference took place between counsel and the parties, the result of which was that his Honour's suggestion was adopted, and a juror wa3 withdrawn. An incident of the proceedings was an apology ten- dered by Mr. Harnoy to Mr. Hackett for some aspersions he ca3t upon the latter gentleman in his opening address. The turn taken hy the case, though not unex- pected; formed one of the chief topics of the day, and some indication of the popu- lar feeling on the subject may, perhaps, be found in the fact that the introduction of the case and its result into a topical song by ona ot the vocalists in Cremore Gardens last evening was received with the live- liest demonstrations of approval by the audience. ASSISTANT REGISTRAR.-Mr. E. A. Mit- chell has been appointed assistant registrar of birth', deaths, and marriages in the Plantagenet district, to reside at Den- mark. CHARITY ENTERTAINMENT.-Last even- ing the Charles-street Wesleyan school room was crowded on the occasion of an entertainment given with the view to rais- ing money for " Christmas Cheer " for the children of the poor living in the neigh- bourhood. The entertainment was ini- tiated by Mr. E. J. Bickford, who was assisted by Mrs. Bickford, 'Messrs. C. W. Genge, D. H. Irvine, W. J. Knight, and Bennett. The Rev. A. W. Bray presided, and the various items were capably ren- dered, and heartily applauded. ANOTHER MISHAP AT KALGOORLIE.-The Commissioner of Police received a telegram from Sub-Inspector Holmes, of Kalgoorlie, yesterday, to the effect that on Tuesday morning a man named Yelland was found m an abandoned shaft, 70ft. deep, on the Boulder Main Reef. It has transpired that Yelland fell down the Bhaft on Monday night, but the occurrence was only reported to the local police yesterday morning, by the brother of the injured man. Yelland is not expected to recover. BAYSWATER BOARD OF HEAATH.-A meet- ing of the Bayswater Local Board of Health was held on Tuesday last. Mr. H. T. Halliday stated that he felt that he could not devote the time needful to the duties of chairman of both roads board and board of health. Therefore he tendered his resignation as chairman of the latter body.' This was accepted, and Mr. W. L. Smeed was unanimously electad in his stead. Correspondence was read from the TTnder Treasurer stating that the board must ex- ercise the powers granted in the new Health Act to provide funds. The meet- ing then adjourned. COTTESLOE BRANCH A.N.A.—A meeting of the members of the Cottesloe branch of the A.N.A. was held in Briggs' Hall on Wednesday night for the purpose of elect- ing office-bearers for the ensuing half-year. Mr. A. McLeod, the president of the Fre- mantle branch, occupied the chair, and the following were elected to the offices men- tioned :-President, Mr. E.J.Powell; vice president, Mr. A. J. Harrison ; treasurer, Mr. H. P. Baldwin ; secretary, Mr. W. J. Murray; committee, Messrs. H. P. Baxter, T. J. Maddeford, E. J. Matthews, W. C. James, and P. Cant ; auditors, Messrs. J. McDougall and J. F. Bell; delegates to the annual conference, Messrs. E. J. Powell and E. R. Keen. The Headquarters Band will play a pro- gramme of music (by permission) on the Espla- nade this (Friday) evening, commencing at 8 o'clock. Attention is directed to Messrs. B. C. Wood and C».'s auction of Royal Swan bicycles, at their rooms, this afternoon, at half-past 2. At the same time they will offer three boys* Rudge Whitworth machines, all in splendid condition. Miss Riordan asks by advertisement those who have tickets in her art/union to sell, to send those undisposed of tor-Nicholson's, to- gether with the proceeds of/ales. Mr. C&H.; Jones will meet his classes this evening in Sliafto's Victoria Coffee Palace, opposite the railwaystation, Perth, for memory cuitare and kindred subjects, at 8 o'clock. Beginners are requested to assemble at 7.30, to make arrangements. The proprietor o£ the Lockeridge Hotel, Guildford, announces that he has mads exten- sive arrangements for the amusement of visitors during the holidays. A number of pleasure boats will be provided, and quoits, swings, billiards, shooting gallery, and Annt Sally will abo be available. The secretary of the Fremantle Fire Brigade desires to Acknowledge the receipt of a cheque for £2 2s., as a donation to the funds of the brigade, from Messrs. Northmore, Barker, and Moorhead, hon. solicitors to the brigade ; and also a donation towards the brigade's annual social from the Union Stores, Ltd. 