THE DOMESTIC DIFFICULTY, TO THE EDITOR. SIR-In your report of Tuesday',! meeting re above, the first resolution proposed by the Mayoress and car ried, ran:-" That the present star city of domestic servants renders it thesis I able that the free emigration of female domestic servants to Queensland should be re-established." This will cover the requirements of this colony at the present time. If the German. Danish, and Swedish girls could be brought free it would leaven the lump. I am, and have been for some, time past, in communication with agents in the above-named countries, and am informed that there are a number of good domestics willing to come out here, but cannot afford to pay the passage. The German girls are a very desirable claims. When they come here they do not require to attend cooking schools before entering on service. They come ready-made, and fit to take up household dut 1rs at one's!. You pay, further : " It was also pointed out by another lady, qualified by past experience to speak upon the working of the old Emigration Act, that in many eases the result of free emigration had been the introduction of very undesir- able girls, shiploads of incapables, with hardly a trained servant amongst the lot." This reads rather strong. I admit we had many incapables under the former immigration, but the fault can be remedied under the new Act by send- ing a duly-qualified person to engage on the other side previous to shipment. When I say duly qualified I do not say any person whom the au thor! Jes may have an inclination to serve or put into a billet ; I mean that any person who should be called upon to fill that post should be capable in every respect, and one who must make up her mind for haul and con into' s work, and be a good linguist. Some persons who engage one or two servants for themselves during the year have great notions. They little think the expedi- ence gained and required by pe s its having to pay 100 girls. a week t'T sign their hands, for all sorts and cond ions of families. requiring service, from the most menial to the educated lady, to take charge of a superior household. -I am, sir, Eye. JOHN E. WIRTH-MARSH. " Ian Maclaren" has completed a companion volume to his " Mind of the Master.'' It will appear before long? under the title, of " The Life of the Master." 