MUSIC. To-day tho Sydnoy College of Music hold their annual theoretical examinations In Sydnoy, and at tho various country centres. Each yenr has witnessed an Increase in tho number of entries. and on this - occasion tho candidates , total over 730\. During tho week examinations have been conducted by Messrs. Lawranco Phillip, J. A. Delany, Hector R. Maclean, Alex. Rea, E. P. Truman, Joseph Masscy, Gordon Lavers, J. E. Sykes, and Montague Younger In practical sub jects, a task that will not bo finished before next Saturday. On tho Monday following tho results will be published. Practical examina tions will also- ho conducted from November 11 at country centres. The Philharmonic Society, at their next con cert, will introduce tho cantata "Psyche," by Gade, tho composer of "The Erl King's Daugh ter," last performed by tho society ill April, 1896. Gade, who was not only tho most Important of Danish composers, but also one of tho most ac-. coinplishod among contemporary musicians, died j In 1890 at the age of 73. He grow up, half self- taught, without any real mothodlcal instruction in the theory of music. As a membor of tho Court band at Copenhagen ho listened carefully to the scores of the classics, and by tentative methods became a master of Instrumentation. He immediately drew attention by his first work, an overture which gained tho first prize at the competition Instituted by tlio Musical Union of Copenhagen. Spolir was ono of the Judges. Men delssohn nnd Schumann became Ills friends, and ho took to himself much of tho individuality of both, without on that account sacrificing his own. Up to tho day of bis death he was active as a com poser, teacher, and conductor. "Psyche" is one of tho Danish composer's cantatas written for the Birmingham Festivals. .The subject proved to bo thoroughly adapted to Gade's romantic and poetical spirit. Purer music was never written. Many of the choral portions aro extremely beau tiful, a feature which has nmdo the cantata ex tremely popular with the Philharmonic chorus, and tho numbers far Psycho and the duets for Psycho and Eros add much Interest to the work, which Is very dramatic in parts, notably the scene where Proserplno bids Psyche drink obli vion in Lethe's waters. Tho orchestration Is rich and varied, and adds much charm to tho masterly vocal writing. At tho original production tho principals wer Mesdames Mario Rozo, Trobolli, and Messrs. Lloyd and Santley. Tho Sydney Amntour Orchestral Society will give their last concert of the 189S season on November 30. Slgnor Hazon has been Inundated with lettcra In connection with the selection of Items for a plebiscite programme. Tho result Is that the following pieces will ho played, and tho numbers given refer to tho applications for these pieces: — "Taunhauser" overture (300), "V.ocr Gynt" sullo (227), entr'acte "Lohengrin" (200), Mendelssohn's "Hebrides" overture (182), Liszt's No. 2 Rhapsody (100), Tschaikowsky's "Caprice Itnlien" (127), Dvorak's Slavonic Dances (107), and Saint Saen's "Danso Macabre" (105). The selection, it will ho seen, Is decidedly interesting. Are musicians artists or laborers? A peculiar test case has recently been decided In New York, where trades unionism among orchestral players is not unknown. At the request of the nrMlrlon nf tha Mnnhnttfln Mnslanl PrfitOT.llve Union, an organisation largely composed of non- naturalised German musicians, the local immi gration commissioners a fortnight ago refused to allow members of a well-ltnown Hungarian band to land nnd fulffl a New York engagement, declaring that though individually artists, and thus exempt from tho laws regarding imported labor, collectively they wero laborers, and not exempt. On appeal to tho Treasury Depart ment, this decision has now been reversed. An attempt of the union to prevent admission of tho StrauES Band failed signally some years ago. Band tours in the United States aro extremely popular. Dan Godfrey's band will visit America again shortly. A crack Italian hand lias also been coining money there. The band fever has spread to the Philippines. According to Wal lace Cummlngs, in tho "Century," the natives have wouderful musical talent. Speaking of a performance at Manila, he says: — "1 recall vividly the glorious full moon of the tropics, far brighter than in more northern lights, the brilliantly dressed crowd, and the thrilling music of the massc.l bands, softened 111 voltimo on tho great plain, combined to mako the occasion to Jie long remembered. The 'Battle of Castelejos,' which they played, was inspiring, and the effect was hoightencd by the repetition of the trumpet calls by soldiers, who wero stationed at intervals far off upon tho plains, whillo tho guns on the elty walls added a touch of reality." Sims Reeves celebrated his eightieth birthday by singing at a Qucen's-lmll promenade concert recently. Those who revol In musical statistics will be Interested In tho following information recently issued by tho colossal Guild- hall School of Music. About 700 new students enter each term, and maintain the average attendance at 3650. They are taught by a stuff of sonio 120 professors, and tho fees paid aVnount to about £33,000 annually. No less than 10,000 lessons are given weekly in the school. Tho great hulk of tho students at Guild-hall School are amateurs who have no in tention of taking up music professlonallj'. His Majesty the Emperor of China, It appears, recently approached European civilisation so far ns to have his piano cleaned and timed. Mr. Moultrie, au English musician, who attended Pekin for the purpose, reports that tho "filthy" keys had various Chinese hieroglyphics stamped on them, nnd were. In tho process of cleaning, obliterated. This, howovor, was against Chi- noso taste, and the Emperor ordorcd tho charac ters to be restored, while expressing the opinion that thorc was not the slightest necessity for cleaning the Ivories. The Etnperor, In his child- llko guilelcssness, also ordered tho musician to repair a perambulator and jinricksha' 