NEWS IN BRIEF.. | The plague 13 particularly bad In .Mongolia., The Siamese refuse to evacuate _ certain- positions claimed by,, the French. A French agent and his escort, liaye . been : attacked in Slam. - : Prussia threatens the people , or ixoruj Schleswlg with coercion over,, the school question. - , - - Sclileswig parents who send their children_ to Danish schoolB are threatened with ""the transfer of the children to German sympa thisers. The recommendation of the Antl- Anarchist Conference to link the police of different, countries Independently of diplomacy, is like ly to. be adopted. It Is believed in Paris that M. Delcasse, the Foreign Minister, has relinquished the idea of a claim to Bahr-el-Ghozal. The French Foreign Minister will probably seek compensation In Slam for the loss of Bahr-el- Ghazal. V.'.' .'..-V Several Christians have been punished /for Insulting Turks oiivthe occasion ':of -Prince. George's arrival at'Canea; Crpte. / - Admiralty -orders for armour , plates assure two years', work at SheffieldJ""'.V7'Tf"''- ?' 'Jr"' It Is understood that -the ex-Empress Eu genie wills £2,000,000;; accruing from, the in surance money of, the late Prince Imperial, to Prince Victor' Napoleon. . ; . British subjects ln/Joliannesburg are .pro-' . testing against the action of Transvaal police in shooting a British subject. The British In. the .Transvaal complain that they are not permitted to carry firearms. An American, gunboat has-been. ordered to seize Wake Island, one of the -Anson Archi pelago, in the Pacific. Americans in Shanghai are strongly exert ing themselves In-' opposition to the French , concession In that city. The Russians are opening- schools at Port 'Arthur and Tallemvan. The French Premier's condemnation of the 'Antl-Semttic agitation Is . being placarded over France. | The French Government , has dismissed M. Regis, Mayor of. Algiers, for promoting Anti- . Semitic disturbances. An Antl-ChrlsHan outbreak - Is feared on the Russo-Afghan frontier. : . The health of Queen Victoria was honoured at a function of the New -England Society, held in New . York. The hinatlc Pearson, who . damaged the. British Embassy at Washington, has escaped fiom the asylum. The Australasian Premiers have exchang ed Christmas .greetings. The bodies of two of the victims of the East Greta colliery; disaster, have been recovered. Death; In /the case of the two men whose- bodies were .taken -from East Greta mine was evidently due. to suffocation. A conference of Ministers of Agriculture Is to be held in Melbourne In January. Two'maslced men attacked and robbed- Mr. G. P. Boundy at North Adelaide. A railway engine and two trucks were de railed and smashed at WoodvIUe (N.Z.), the guard and the shunter being slightly injured. The man arrested at Monte Video as Joseph Myers, ah alleged absconder fromNew Zea land, denies ' that he . is that lndivldual. Frank Butler, arrested on the Mariposa- at 'Auckland, Is charged "With approprlatlng'£376' of the Carrington Co-operative Coal Ship ping. Co., Newcastle. , The N.Z. -Premier will nllow. no more Aus trian immigrants to- land unless they hayo sufficient to maintain themselves for three months.- , . It Is probable that Queensland will take the distressed Austrian gum-diggers in New Zealand,, as that colony -is In want of that Eort of labour. \ - Fine weather prevailed In Melbourne on Saturday and Sunday, and every train and boat leaving/the city tvas crowded. A verdict of suicide was returned at the Inquest on Jane Bulford, who hanged her self In Melbourne. . ; .. A Montenegrin- army corps, reported to have lost hundreds of men la a sno.w-drlf t In the Balkans, Is now said, to be. In safety. Thomas Finney,. -aged 10, who was. bitten- by a black snake at West Wallsend, ran. half a mile to a doctor's. He.is now out of danger. Cloudy weather ushered in Boxing -Day - In Sydney. The 'Frisco mail steamer Moana made a re- : cord passage from Auckland of three - days: four. and a half hours. - ; Mr. -H. Pateson has made a very successful i shipment of passion fruit to England.' : : ' The Minlster for Works says that some'llttle expenditure will be required for the Bellinger Harbour works. The electric fight carnival, which has been twice postponed, will take -place to-morrow night- on the Cricket Ground. The steamer Innamineka, which; arrived, from Brisbane -last night, met with an acci dent to her machinery on the trip. Nothing serious resulted. A builder at Waverley has been fined for commencing the erection of buildings without notifying the local council. , Waverley council is making arrangements to establish a reading and lending-library. A quantity of jewellery lies unclaimed at the Detective Office. Mrs. Emily Warren, a passenger from Syd ney to Goulburn, was taken ill -in the train' nt Campbelltown, and expired on being-re moved to a hotel. , Mr. John Perry, a Singleton farmer', has made some Interesting experiments with the culture of wheat. James Hunter, manager of . John Hunter's boot business at Armldale, has mct'hls death by taking-poison In mistake for castor oil. Edward George Donnelly, 22, has been ar- tested at Wagga Wagga In connection with' the death of John Corbett, 18, with whom- Gome blows were exchanged. - J. Coyne, a fettler, was killed by a train hear Orange on Saturday. A ease""of supposed leprosy. Is reported from- the Chinese camp at Invermay (Tns.). John Yelland, who was seriously Injured by h fall at the Boulder Mine, Kalgoorlie, has died trom his Injuries. John E. Hammond, aged 40, died suddenly nt his lodgings in Pitt-street on Saturday night. Death Is supposed to be due to an overdose of chlorodyne. Alfred Murcutt, aged about 63, died some- what suddenly at the Central Police Station yesterday. George Sheaves, a resident of Petersham, h'ho fell from a building on November 7,' died at his residence yesterday. Crowded congregations attended all the Sydney churches yesterday. . Mensles and bronchitis are prevalent at Crookwell. _ . A miner named Hudson picked up a nugget hear Parltes worth about £30.: The Inclement weather experienced In Syd- hey- so far has militated against the general snjoyment of the holidays. The whole of the colony lias, participated In 'be rainfall. - - - 