^%8tm&l-;^pmiltnml THE DAIRY PRODUCE TRADE. An influential and trusted agri cultural journal in the United King dom has recently been calculating whether the food products of the British Empire are equal to the main tenance of the population without foreign aid, and the conclusion to which it has come is that, in the event of serious international disturbances, the Empire could rely on its own resources for food stuffs. Population has been increasing much more rapidly in the United Kingdom than home produce. The numbers of people go on multi plying, but there is no increase in the number of acres from which they may be fed. Improved methods of fai'm management and land cultivation may lead to an increase of produce, but any augmentation of the laud is impossible. In the colonies a different state of matters prevails. People (ire not numerous in proportion to the vast areas of land avail able for the production of all the means of life. While the limits to the increase of live stock may be regarded as having been reached iii^ the United Kingdom, the time must be far1 distant when that can be said to be the case in the colonies. In Australasia the increase of population since about' 1860, including that from immigration, has been going on at the rate of a little ovdr two per cent per annum ; while the increase of cattle has been proceeding at the rate of nearly three per cent. Under the stimulus of improved expori facilities, leading to a demand for the latter, the increase in production is likely to be still greater. And so, with regarcl to other things, it may be calcu lated that the produce of the colonies may be enlarged to an almost unlimited extent. In some quarters doubts have been entertained as to the capacity of the old couutry to utilise the surplus of colonial products. Let it be borne in mind that population in it is increasing rapidly, while its utmost capabilities of production have been nearly reached without the land being able to meet the demands upon it. Among the proofs of this is the rapid increase of imports into it of colonial food stuffs, of which those of dairy pro duce form an interesting illustration. We lake the following table from a recent issue of The Times : — QlJAKiltoES AND VALUES Of BUTTKR, ClIKEFJE, ANT MAR GARINE IMI'ORTKD INTO THE UmtKI) KINGDOM DURING tii 4 JjABT Fivb Years, 1S9397. \- g— Year. Butter. Cheese, garine. Total. Quantities. Owfc Cvrt, C»vt. Cn-t. J8!-3 .. 2,327,474 2,077,462 5,599,970 5,704,906 1891 .. 2,674,835 2,21)0,146 1,10.1,3 .'5 5,050,305 1695 .. 2,825,002 2.133.81H 940,168 5,699,049 1B!-U .. 3iO37j»47 2.244,535 025,031 0.208,41(3 1897 . 3,217,801 2.603,-i0S 036.B43 6,767,952 Values. £ £ £ £ 1893 .. 12,763,693 6,1C\918 3.C55.3J4 21,609 855 1894 . 13j466.e9tf 15,474,940 3,044,810 21,970,419 1*95 . 14,245,230 4,075,130 2,557.170 21,477.530 1896 .. 15.344.0S3 4,900,423 2,498,425 ;2?,742,93fl 16Q7 .. 15,016,0! 1 6,880*040 2,485,370 24,2SS,S27 An increase in one year of over a million cwt. of imports of duiry produce, of the value of a million and a-half pounds sterling, shows the capabilities of consumption of the great home market. It is noticeable, moreover, that within the period referred to the in crease has been in all the products with one exception, to which reference will presently be made. Withiu the period embraced the imports have risen from 5,704,906 cwt to 6,757,952 cwt; and the value from £21,569,855 to £24,288,827 — an increase in four years of more than a million hundredweight in bulk, and upwards of .£2,700,000 in value. The expansion of the butter trade has been most notable. In four years the imports have increased by 890,327 cwt. in quautity, and £3,IG3,318 in value. The largest supplier of butter to Eng land is Denmark, which last year sent 1,334,726 cwt, or 41*5 per cent of the imports. Within the four years them has been a steady increase in the Danish trade. The trade with France, the next greatest supplier, shows symp toms of decline, having fallen off within the last three years. It still amounts to 448,128 cwt, or 13 per cent of the whole. France is a populous country, and there the demand is grow ing jnore rapidly. probably than the pro duction. Sweden, with 299,214 cwt, ] supplies 9-3 per cenj ; Holland, willr $78,631 cwt., 8-7 pev oeni.; Auatral- 1 asia, with 269,432 cwt, 84 per cent; the United States, with 154,196 cwt., 4*8 per cent; Canada, with 109,402 cwt, 3-4 per cent; Germany, with 51,761 cwt, 1-6 per cent; and other countries, with 272,311 cwt, 8*4 per cent. From Sweden and Germany as well as in France less butter was received than formerly. The Australasian imports show an increase on List year ; but a decrease on those of 1894 and 1895, owing to the drought in the southern colonies. In the years just named Australasia supplied upwards of 11 per cent of the butter products. Be it noted that populous countries with limited means of supply show a falling off, while Canada, Australasia, and the United States each show an increase. Holland is steadily increasing her butter trade with the United Kingdom; it rose from 105,157 cwt. in 1894 to 278,631 cwt in 1897. Whether this was due to an increased production of butter or to what was passed off as butter there is some doubt. In the cheese trade, Denmark, Sweden, and Germany have no part and the Dominion of Canada stands at the top of the list of suppliers, having sent half the cheese imported into the United ^JHYufldlJi^j-Its supplies have varied \\-fttmft^j*Wwr years, but last year was gtte test Wjsj}^526,564 cwt, or 58-6 fifer^gghi ot\«|ie, whole. The United jg&tra;'^ugpUfe.^-S ; Holland, 11-4; J^ralai&rc; 2$.;;, \ France, 1 -4 ; and Z^he^ountKesjhl-ft. The value of the cliB^e^i^notjs^ted, but though not in creas'h^^jier) ^exports in this article recentlyjAustralia continues to hold her place timong importers. The imports from Australasia last year amounted to 69,090 cwt Here we would direct the attention of our readers to the table given above. There it will be seen that imports of margarine in 1893 amounted to 1,299,970 cwt, valued at £3,655,344: and they had falien in 1897 to 936,543 cwt., valued at £2,485,370. Holland, France, and Norway were the countries which sent margarine in the following respective proportions — 93-2 per cent; 3-3; and l'l. Practically Holland is the great margarine country. It is suspected that much of the butter sent from Holland is manipulated with margarine. It is to be noted that while the quantity sent to England last year, 936,543 cwt, Was a small increase on that of the preced ing year, there was a decline in value of £13,055. The deep milking cows of the Low Countries give milk poor in butter fatj but the Dutchmen seem to have acquired the art of enriching it artificially, and preparing a marketable commodity. The use of the article will disappear before supplies of good cheap wholesome butter from the colonies. Complaiuts still continue to reach us of the difficulty residents in our western areas have in obtaining agricultural farms. One grazier, who lins a round dozen of a family, in anxious that he ehould have a chance of BettHng his grown-up sons ou farms of their own, but acceptable land is not available. Occasion ally good wa'ered country is Lhrovvn open, and intending occupants go to hive a look «.t it ; but in a great many instances, as soon as this becomes known, the land is withdrawn. Much of the feverish anxiety which prevails is doubtless due to the anxiety of those who know the country to get hold of the best blocks. The examination and surveying of the land is work that demands care and ex perience. Without the exercse of these, land grabbers for purely speculative purposes may be enabled to pick the eyes out of the country. Some check must be put on the operations of such people, for they staud in (he way of the proper appropriation of land. It must be exceedingly difficult for the Govern ment to discriminate in favour of bona-jidc selecLors, for some of them, when they succeed in obtaining good farms, arc nol above temp tation. In such a season as the present, when, as our correspondents inform us, the western downs country is ' like a whratfield,' the difficulties of selectors from other coun tries aud colonies in seeming profitable farms must be very great. The Government arc aware of the demand for land which exists, and will no doubt endeavour to satisfy that which is real and reasonable. Western Australia has hitherto been de pendent ou its neighbours for butter and cheese, but is now about to make a start in dairying. 'The Possibilities of the Dairying Industry ' is an excellent little pamphlet of upwards of 100 pp. 8vo., brought out under the editorial supervision cf Mr. Lindley Oowen,v Secretary for Agriculture. That gentle-nan says decidedly dairying will pay, aud that the time lias arrived to commence active 'measures to put llie industry on-. ?'a i sound basis and endtnvour to establish H for I oil timo. H« writes at considerable length mi [ the aubjectf oad js supported hy the veteri narian expert. It is proposed to begin start ing butter factories without delay. Tub AghiculturMj Gazette of New South Wales for March is an admirable and imbt useful issue. There is an exceedingly interest ing paper, occupying upwards of 130 pages, on the making aud improvement of wheats. The author, Mr. W. Farrcr, has evidently made a careful study of wheats of all kinds, and writes in a style that caunot fail to attract and retaiu attention. The wheat plant is amenable to improvement in many ways, and what the writer aims at is the cultivation of a wheat suited to the climate of the different regions of Australia. The economical feeding of working horses lias been studied at 6ugur plantations in Fiji. Dry feed was found to to be unsuitable, aud it was found by experi ment ( hat a good ration was 15 Ib. molasses, 31b. hrau, and 41b. of maize per day. The absence of fattening elements in the ration makes it well adapted for horses in a tropical climate. Mr. ML A. O'Callaghan, dairy expert, discourses ou the use of bacterial startora in butter-making. Butter made from pasteurised cream, and ripened with a pure culture, retained its good flavour for twenty-two days, while butter made from the same milk in the ordinary way began to go bad at the end of seven days, Such facts as these should make dairymen go in for the scientific study of dairying. Mr. Cobb furnishes a few varied and interesting notes on observations aud experiments. Orchard is ts will read with iutw.st Me. M'Keown's paper ou fruit culture on the Richmond. We were not aware it was worth while cultivating the mango, papaw, &c;, so far couth. We had thought the size of the Australian fruit case had been settled at the last fruit-growers' conference in Brisbane, but it was only a recommendation, aud so we have Mr. Grape?, Wellington, proposing auot.her. He would have a case consisting of two cubes, each 11 in. x 11 in. x 11 in. inside measurement, and a total capacity of 2GG2 cubic inchc3. The external dimensions would he 12 in. x 12 in. x 24 in. This would, with its sub divisions, be suitable for fruits of all sizes, and stacking in any way an even number to the shipping ton. Mi: M'Cuc, the pouliry expert, furnishes nice illustrations of what can be done at the Hawke&bury; College in rearing ducks— Pekir.s and Pekin-liouen crobBta. Mr. M'Cue says they can be reared as easily aud with fewer losses than chL'kens j and nt ten weeks old ore 10 lb. weight. He says tlit1 Pekin is the best kind because it is the best layer, and grows most quickly. He speaks from personal experience, which always makes an article valuable. ' The Trogging and Bloating of Prunes' is severely technical on a subject ou which our readers arc not in terested. Mr. Carpenter Brooks, Hawk.cs bury College, gives directions for making a circular silo capable o£ holding 10 tons of ensilage at a cost of £6 7s. Mr. Gale con tinues to discourse on Iv^cs, and gives a useful bee calendar. There are notes and directions for the month on f.uit and vegetables, aud the general notes arc* more than usually in teresting. It is interesting to notice from Canadian reports that colonists in the Dominion are approximating in their butter- testing arrange ments to dairy societies in the United King dom. They are not satisfied with giving the yield, but they are particular as to the breed of the animals. At the London Dairy Show of the British Duiry Farmers' Association the following particulars are pi veil :— '* Name of cow ; date of birih ; date of last cu!f ; number of davs in mi k : milk yield : butter yield ; ratio lb. milk to lb. butter ; colour and quality of butter; awards.' These, it will readily be seen, are important in relation to tenting, the iigc of the cow, date of calving, &e.;, nil iuflucncing the yield. In the Canadian competitions the yields of the prisw animals far exceeded any recorded in Eng land or Australia. The first prize for cows of all breeds was awarded to Calamity Jane, a three-year-old Holstein, which iu two days gave IGGSl'i. of milk containing 280 of butter fat. This is the third time we are told Calamity Jane Ins carried off similar honours at the Ontario Provincial Winter Show, so that her possession cannot be looked upon as a calamity to her owner. Another three-year-old, Hol stein Fanny F., gave 154 51b. milk, 2 35 butter fat ; Aalty I'osch, three-year-old, Hoi stein, 1231b. milk, 355 butter fat. The prize Shorthorn gave 104-25 Ib. milk, 3-90 butter fat; prize Ayrshire, 7651b. milk, 4 butter fat; the jirize Jersey gave 1151b. milk, 4*70 butter fat : in total marks she came next to Calamity Jane. Tlie prize Guernsey gave 30251b. milk, 4-SO butter fat. Twogradc (crossbred) cows gave 102'5j^n& and 103 75 lb. milk, 3-20 and 310 U&W1; fat respectively. We hope the li*ff£ls coming when Queensland dairy farmeferaju be ablu to show animals capable of prcBOffijur such records. V-1*^ Farmers aud sailors, who arc immediately, interested iu (he weather, will learn wif^ interest that our Government Meteorologist has prepared an Australian Weather Guide aud Almanac for 1898, which possesses new and attractive features. It eon tains a great deal of technical instruction, which will probably be of greater novelty to station managers and farmers than seafaring men. There are so many steam vessels a flout in these times that the course of the winds is not of paramount importance. Shipmasters are concerned to Ijnow if there are cyclones about, but squalls and dirty weather a,re treated u'b inevitable occurrences that must be cucountered iu ordinary course. Most ' 'sailors noW make a knowledge of meteorology pmt of, their educition, and 'mtkeh-bt what Mr. Wraggc saya in his Gujdc will appear a* useful romfnd«rfl, To many rertjdeTttf! ou land tbn Ingtruclloua will supply what may have been a long-felt want. Great advances have been made iu the manu facture of meteorological instrument*, and the proper employment of these enables seagoing captains to anticipate Btorms of wind and rain. Captains of stations on land are not so familiar with their objects and uses. In this little work Mr. Wragge gives instructions which will enable paBtora lists of a scientific turn to establish meteoro logicul observatory stations each on his own account, and make forecasts, the value of which will be proved by experience. ' This book,' says the author in a prefatory note, ' will unquestionably appeal to the eyinpa ' thies of the squatter, the farmer, the ' agriculturist, the horticulturist, the miner, 'aud particularly to the sailor; aud in no ' less degree will the invalid, to whom a ' knowledge of coming weather is of the first ' importance, be interested. We propose to ' show in a concisc-and popular manner hovr ' the forecasts generally arc artived at ; and ' we shall give examples of meteorological ' charta, showing the conditions which pro ' duce transcontinental rains, thunderstorms, ' cold spells, and southerly busters, tropical 41 hurricanes, and other phenomena.' l-rom the letterpress and accompanying illustrations it would appear Mr. Wragge has been as good as his word, aud »ve anticipate many observers in pastoral a reap may find occupation and pleasure and profit in carrying out his instruc tions. These instructions follow a tide table and calendar drawn up on a new plan, and are succeeded by papers on matters connected witii meteorology, notes on the solar system, utul the evening sky about the 15lh of March, the last of which we commend to the atteu tion of our teachers. Dr. Bancroft furnishes a paper on 4t Various Hygienic Aspects of 'Australian Life;' Mr. W. Gibbons Cox, C.E., has along contribution on 'Artesian Water 'Supply ;' and there are instructive paper* on 'Agriculture in Australasia.' and on 'The 'Developmentof the Mining Industry.' Hiuts about health aud bush travelling will be found very useful, -ind the postal, telegraphic, and tariff information will be handy for reference. The Guide has been well got up by Messrs. Sapsford anil Co., and the illustrations are udmirabln. A copy of it 1ms reached us through Messrs. Cowie and Cowlund. There is a email variety of melon grown on the Hunter named the mango melon. There are two kind?, the green or netted species about 4 in. to 5 in. in diameter, and the yellow species about 3 in. in diameter. Both are ex cellent as table vegetables, and delicate in flavour* but the smallest variety makes a very good jam, especially if flavoured with lemon or orange peel. The currycomb is an instrument of torture that should be banished from our stables. In someof the Eastern stables agreafeiniprovement upon it is a large wisp of straw, twisted tight, tied into a knot, and pounded flat on one side. Tlie flat aide is used in grooming, aftur being slightly damped. This is much belter for the skinaud hair thau the currycomb, removes dust well, and gives the animal a glossy, healthy coat. Brisk rubbing witn soft woollen cloths is excellent for giving the hair a silky, glossy appearance, and is n» excellent thing for the skin. A useful contrivance for the prevention of sheep getting bogged in watorholes or dam* that ore drying up is (icing used in the Hamil ton district. The apparatus consists of a small, lightly-fenced yard wiih * wooden floor. This is placed on the edge of tbw tank or dair, and tlie front portion floats ou' the water. When the shcop como in for u drink, I heir weight causes the floor of the yard to sink below the kvi-l of the water, thus permitting tlm animals to satisfy their thirst without the danger of begins?. As the water recedes the apparatus, being light, can be easily drawn forward by a horsi;. Sheepo'.vncrs who know what a drought id will appreciate the value of a contrivance that oly via teg the danger of weak sheep getting stuck and perishing in the tanks when the water in low. The New Zealand Loan nml Mercantile Agency Company, Limited, UiUlmuc, have received a cable from their London hatiftu advising that 'the shipment of butter ton sigued by the Happy Valley Butter Factory, of Itoma street, ex Duke of Westminster, realised 102). per cut., and that by a later vessel, the Gulf of Taranto, realised 96s. 6d. per cwt. ; also a shipment by the Utter vessel on account of the South Brisbane Butter Factory at 96 j , and on account of two other factories at from 92s. 6d. to 94s.' These prices should be very satisfactory, and speak well for the quality of the Queensland butter, more especially as the market at the time at which these butters were sold was not at its best. The Gulf of Taranto only arrived iu 'CiSWftn on the 7-h of February. JJI^Mi&JSN;^st use for *kim milk among such of theSJjjvjfcSmiiers of Denmark us do uot raise (i$dr c«$»5a-s to feed it to the tnilkiug cows. ^jPKc . incttton Sjpf its preparation is thus dc 8-^Sud i»£$hA -Ybrsfc Landmawiblab : — 'The skfijfcftnlkYlHtcated for luilf-nn-liour at a tcm iperaW^e.ofpJiy to 185° Fahr., and then cooled Jfos95^(S' Ip5°;« after which rennet is added. ^#J»iJotheAnllk is curdling an equal quantity »-ff flnety-c^iiffed straw is put in, and the mix tutek.Ja^tcj;-ocing stirred, is left for two or three hours. The uuabsorbed whey is then run off, and the mixture left to ferment for forty-five to forty eight hours, when it is ready for use. As much of this food is given to each cow as equals I lb. of milk per head per day, this quantity being considered cap able of replacing 4 .^ lb. of common mixtnios of concentrated foods, tuch as bran or oil cake. The consumption of fruit in the United htiugdom has increased -duriug the last twenty years at tin immensely rapid rate. . The averago sum spent by ,.eJi\n head of the population in Ib7(i upon foreign frpit was calculated at Ih. lOd. Now, each member of » much enlarged population (mends 3s. fed, $ that is, on imported frujl culy, la J8H0, the Import of fruit did not cweed ftQOO.QM tnufoels, lrtxt within ten yea'rs\ in ISiO, it had Ween to 10,000,000 bushe!*, abd more recently tt ha* increased to U.000,000 bushels. The tnoney valtrettt this enormous supply of foreign Irnit fe £4,779,000. Besides the large impor tations of apples from America, Belgium, the hioBt densely populated country in Europe and, moreover, & country of small holdings, sends to Great Britain Upwards of 1,000,003 buBhcls yearly. Grapee- cherries, plums, pears, and even ort⩾ and lemons are tfect from the sarno little country, ottd the whole totals up tfibre than all thfc frttit received from nil i ho British possessions put together. The journal tit the Board of Agriculture (London) for December showa that important tshangce ftave of iate years befeti taking place in tti'e food of tire United Kingdom. Tlie increase in the fednsUmption of meat from 1 121b. to l&'.b. per head in twenty years is, perhaps toot very striking, considering the terefttty reduced cost of meat in the country. But the consumption of wheat has risen in the same period from five &nfl; ahalf to six bushels per head, while that of potatoes in twelve years has dropped from 3171b. to 3951b. This in part accounted for by the exodus from treltbd, and in part by the smaller consump tion of oatmeal iu Scotland, Where wfre&t; is gradually taking itn place. Tile toneviniptioii of eug8r has largely increased, and now reaches 85lb. per head ', wMie rice in twenty years as an article tef food has fallen from Sill* per head to £lb. The vorifcuMgtlcn of milk and tnttfc foods (butter atati cheese) is tostimatfei to have risen ift eighteen years from fcixt}H5ve milk gallons to seventy-five milk gftllons per 'hetujk There is also a substantial addition to live consumption of eggs, and of Ifish in ntfte years the average has risen from ?SMK per head to 4Ub. That of tea in twen'ty Vtars has increased from 4Mb. to Gijlb. Certainly the consumption ot meat, milk foods, and fish have increased greatly, but vegetable foods do not, rs a whole, appear to have increased in proportion. The Mark Laws Express says : — If a etalttte Were proposed which prohibited food imports from foreign countries after the 1st of January, 1900, there is cot the least reason for suppl ing that we should feel the slightest Want. Canada, Australia, and New -Xealsud would find the necessary wheat, ihe barley required would come from New Zealand, Egypt, and Canada. Oats from Canada, would replace the Russian &ud; American, from New Zealand the Swedish and Finnish. klaize in ample supply would pour fn from South Africa, Queensland, and Egypt, while dari, dholi, millet, and ptns would come from Indfo, Uuian», s.*id the West Indies beans from %ypt, oilseeds frotft India, Guiana, and Egypt. Tire average wheat price *wtded to make the supplies pay the pro ducers would not be higher than 45?. per ?quarter, that of Ynaize higher than 30s. p^r quarter, that -of barley higher than 25a. per quarter, *t? that of oats higher than about liQi. pet Quarter. Wheat was last at 45s. per ?qnatiter as a yearly average in 18S2, maifce at 53P*.. per quarter in 1891^ barley at 25s. per Quarter in 1893, and cats at $3s. per quarter ia 1891. These are hot distant dates, neither are they dates of the protection epochs ncr in any way associated with 'famine prices,' Nobody from 1882 to 1S9$ called these prices unreasonable, yet no more exacting terms does the solution require of those who would give to tfee British Empire the cnormcuE advantage and incomparable pvotecttoti 6E being self-supporting. The farmers and gratiers on the Northern rivers, siys the Sydney Mail, are growing ?alarmed at the probability of the Queensland tick coming southward and iu'fectinc their herds. Oa the 5th of March a meeting of dele gates from several agricultural Societies was held at Lismore. Tiro Coraki society was tepWBented by Messrs. Pridcock, \V. Gollan W. CampbeJJj s,nd M'Millau ; Casino, 1). ?Campbell aftd C. Cameron ; AlatonVilte, 3. fceccofflibe, J. Whipps, R. Gibson, add 3. H. ?omiw-i juismore, J. a\ O'Flynn, D, C. Clarke, g. B. Cooke, H. B. Cfatsholm, and T. -K Slewitt. Other parts of the dlstriot repre eeuted were— Cowiiug- R. Dawe ; VVyrallab, JtanereU Mr. O*Flyna (President of the Liemore Agricultural Society) was appointed vtoairinan. After discussion, Mr. Hewitt moved, 'That this meeting, representing the VariottB agricultural societies of the Richmond Rivetdiatrict, with representatives of thedairy tus? industry of the district, views with alarm the gradual march of the Queensland ticksouth ward, and the consequent great danger to stock interests of the northern coast districts of New South Wales, and is of opinion that epecifcl legislation is needed in our colony in order to bar as long as possible the introduc tion of the tick here.' It was seconded by Mr. DonaU Campbell, and carried unani mously* Mr. H. B. Chisholm moved, *? That the New South Wales Government be asked to assist the Queensland Government by contributing towards the cost of teeting the efficiency of inoculation for tick fever.' It was can-icii unanimously. It was also resolved, 'That the foregoing resolutions should be forwarded to the member for Lismore, with a request to communicate with the other north coast members and wait ou the Minister for Mines aud Agriculture at the earliest possible opportunity for the purpose of presenting the resolutions and urging their consideration on the Minister's attention.' 