? WAIW SOTVH WAXES.. SYDNEY, B'etiruary 28. r- ''• :, Thebarquculine Adelaide, .which left Newcastle12 days ago,with 250 tons : -ofcoal for Auckland, encountered heavy ' weather on Wednesday last, and sprang aleak. As the crew were unable to ieepthe water under, the vessel's , head ; "was turned to Sydney, which she reached to-day. The vessel'then had 2ft of , water in her hold. The coal bulk Fortune, belonging to the Bellambi Coal Company, Bank in Johnson's Bay this morning. The -caretaker, Toasar, and his wife and. three children escaped by rlimbing on to the roof of the deck house. The hulk was insured for ij&O0; in the North Queensland. Company. ; At Noumea a terrific hurricane has , -occurred The gunboat Loyalty was sunk, and the ships Professor and Falls of Garry were "wrecked. An immense amount of damage was done all •over the colony. The Fiado has not arrived. ; The- gunboat Loyalty is a French surveying boat of 105 tons, of obsolete type, armed with four magazine guns ; . the Falls of Garry, of Glasgow, is a four- masted icon ship of 2088 tons ; the Professor is believed to be a Danish barque of 544 tons. The Fiado, belonging to A.Jouave and Company, of Sydney and Noumea,-is an iron steamer of 684 tons, in command of Captain Bauret. She was formerly well-known in the intercolonial trade under the Howard Smith flag, but for some years she has run in the New Caledonia trade. The French barque, President Felix Faure, 2893 tons, arrived .to-day from Barry, after a passage of 103 days. . She reports the' loss of fifteen men at •one time. All went well until February 2, when she was in 43*10 south-west • and 67 east. The sea broke on board from each side, completely filling the decks and for a time the vessel staggered under the immense weight of water, . causing a considerable list to port. After a time the weather cleafed, and it was found that 15 of the crew had been washed away. The suddenness of the catastrophe, together with the' fact that the vessel'was running before a heavy sea, prevented the lowering of a boat, and 6he' continued with '.only 16 men, having 12 able -seamen, a second . mate, and three apprentices. A meeting of Australian cricketers at present playing against Stoddart's team was .held at Coogee Hotel, Coogee, to-night, to discusa matters in connection with the.visit of the next Austra- . lian team to England. Very little re«l • ' business was done; save that Major •'. Wardill, who was present, was asked to .'••••'' take the ;insnagfnnent of tiie team. It was urgedihatit .would be - of decided advantage to the game if he would act. He, hpwever, would not /give any definite pledge on the subject, though he indicated that he would yerj much : like to go. It was mentioned that Lohinann had . been in communication • .with some. leading Australian players, *nd 1 had -urged that; the ;neit . team sh ould pay a yjisit toSouth iAtijoa^n (:.' y.^eir 'i^urn home. / His (Lohmann-s) I; is Jfrpnlsl tftdSBjiich a irisit ' -most profitable, and £he general opinion <*ptied.' .'.'.'.' p f , ' i \ • •'. BEOKES HILJ^ FEBRUARY 28. ' tiftppeaed at' one, :y .o'eloejk this paorning 'at the British main ' parations were , being made, for/iring, y weighing about 40 tons, and covering* -spafceof, about 16ft by 10ft. cams bodily Z.iiiiifiijjj^ t_ seriously injuringBarnf and W. B. Trata- Whiftt»n«fef>H • t.VlP. affair / latge T)pen workings a hole near the bottom \yhen a large slip occurred, terribly mutilating Keed andCoff.and nearly severing Cunliffe's head and ^educing the tody to a pulp. Tremlett had a miraculous escape, being pinned in a cavity caused by a slab resting on "some timbers. Burns was extracted from the edge of the slab. Mr Home was first summoned, and then a call was given for an ambulance waggon. The doctor arrived promptly, and on his way to the mine met the waggon in charge of Superintendent Hanson returning to the hospital with the fiist man got out, Tremlett. For three hours the waggon was kept plying between the hospital and the mine. Mining Inspector Hebbard, Sub-Inspector T ravers, and Senior-Constable Scott were ; also promptly on the spot. Your correspondent visited the scene of the disaster this morning, and found the huge blockof ore partly- resting on the screw jacks and timber, with nothing to account for the accident beyond that where the block parted a soft pasty head was showing, apparently a natural clearage filled jby deposition which was in no way manifested at the basement, and could not be detected by sounding. An inquest will be opened this afternoon. . The terrible catastrophe cast quite a gloom over the town, and, excepting the South Mine accident, nearly three years ago, when nine men were killed, it is the most serious .mining disaster which has befallen Broken Hill. Barns, the fourth victim, died at the hospital this evening at 6 o'clock. IVmlett is doing as well as can be expected, Burns was single. Reed was iii years of age and was married, with one child ; CunlifEe was 33, married, no children ; CoflE had a wife, no children. A n inquest on the three victim s was opened this afternoon before the coroner and adjourned until to-morrow. SYONEY, March 1. Aided by an Ariel pacing team Don Walker to- day . had the satisfaction of lowering, at Sydney Cricket Ground, the world's record for a quarter and a half mile from a standing start. His first attempt was made this morning, in the face of a strong-wind. The quarter mile waB covered in 3i l-5sec, or 2-5sec inside the world's record, and 1.3-5sec inside the Australian record. ' The time was taken by the league officials. This evening, after the close of the cricket match, Walker had a try at all records up to a mile from a standing start, and again put up new time. He did the quarter of a mile in 29sec which (being lower ttoan his morning effort) iB another world's record; the half-mile in 58 l-5sec; three quarters of a mile in lmin I9sec, which is 3-5sec outside the world's record, and' Ssec inside Platt-Betts' Australian record; and the full mile in lmin 45sec, or a 6eoond -outside the world's record, ' and 8 sec better' than Platt-Betts' Australian record. ' Walker is the first Australian to establish world's records. ' The Government mil take no farther procee3ings. against John Norton and Lonisdale in respect of the criminal libel suit in whteh Mr Carruthers appears as prosecutor. ' SVDKBY,- March 2. , ; At Noumea the ships Professor : and the Falls .of ;Garry have beenabandoned. No lives were lost. A steadier has i^ren sent to search for tbe Fiado. TheGovernor of ^oumeahascabled to the French Ministry to send.. out £12,000 to relieve the puffwere. A public ^uhscriptioniaBiilBobeen started. The cofiee vcrap; fa ioisti -Ihe riversare flobded; and bridges washnd away. The toWii reservoirs are empty through the damage to the' water pipes.. At the conclusion of the test match, the teams met by invitation of the promoters of the tour, in. the pavilion f6rihepurppse.ofwitnessingapre3entationto Stoddairt: Mr;C. J. Oliver, churznBn of V :the • ;Sy4&ey; Cricket Gronnd, Bitid that .it had bebn desired .^^^f^iAeM pt ^ ; i SydrieyfGripket l 'Grou^ ahd'Melboufne Urick6t Gro to tnake a ptie^t^tion -as aiha&of; j tib'eilr: iapjp^ctmdn : of.; 1shb - 'greit- Stoddttt hadrendered . J",.' , yieiit toA^stralia. The WO'e theyJwVt Kunind iiim r ot bis . friepds and one who perhaps had done more than anyone else 4o advance 4he cause & cricket and keep up that good feeling and sense of friendly rvalry between Australia and the mother country. He had to hand Mr Stoddart a gold chronometer, chain and pendant, hearing the. following inscription :— " Presented to A. E. Stoddart, by the trustees of the Sydney Cricket Ground and Melbourne Cricket Club, as a token of esteem, and as an acknowledgment of his many services in the cause of cricket in Australia ; .Sydney,, March 2nd, 1898." They were awa»e that in the sister colony Stoddart lost his watch and chain, and though be did not suppose that the present would supply the ' place of the lost watch, for there were many reminiscences attaching to the stolen watch, still it wotild be a reminis cence and a lasting token of the regard, and Esteem in tfhich he- is held . by. the Cricketers of Australasia. (Loud cheers). Stoddart briefly thanked the trustees for (he gift, saying that if it were necessary to hand him sach a piesent in. order to remind liim of the good friends he had made in Australia, and of the pleasant months he had spent there, the gift would indeed Eerve that purpose. He could asBure them, however, such a thing was unnecessary. The intrinsic value of the watch taken from l)im was nothing, but it had many pleasant recollections, and such as this gift would always have. The health of Stoddart, coupled with that of the English team, was then honored amid cheering. Stoddart, in reply, said : "I have to thank you for the way in which the toast lias been honored. As this is the last occasion, I am sorry to say, we will have the pleasure of meeting together, it is my pleasant duty to thank the Sydney Trustees for the most enjoyable time we have had." Regarding the hooting nuisance, Stoddart hoped that the various* trustees and ground ' committees in the colonies would take the necessary steps to protect future cricketing teams from such "insults as hed been heaped upon his men. " I hope," he said, "these remarks will not convey to the promoteis that we are. dissatisfied with the .tour. The hooting of the crowd has not been confined to us alone. I have seen the same thing match after match, when the colonial players hive been hooted, hissed and howled at as if they were la lot of priee fighters, or something of that sort. In tlie match New South Wales against the English team, on that ground. Tom Garrett, one of the finest sportsmen in Australia, was treated in the pame' way. (Cheers.) I now turn to a more pleasant subject— to that of the team who played against us. These good mien have defeated us, and we bear our defeat beciause we were beaten. by a better side. The whole team are sportsmen. 1 have never played against a nicer lot of men in connection with Australian cricket, and have very great regard for them As cricketers I fnlly recognise that they are all sporumen. Of their worthy captain I cannot speak too highly. It is a good thing for ths Australians t^iat they have such a. capable captain—sach a > thorough sportsman. .".' L Trott said he felt delightid at the victoiy the .Australian team. Darling that'day had coveted, hiiiaself with gloiy. : He quite agreed with-Stoddart's remarkB in regard to t)ie crowd. It was a perfect nuipance ,the way smne pebple went on. bpt they could not do without • the crowd. . He th ii^ght what lStodd^Tt • h^d Crfeferred to should be stopped, atfd it^could feasilyhfe done. f l'he Eng&b;>team ^ one of ;ihe best, that had •visited Australia. They were always good-sportsmen, and played right up -to the handle. At the Sydney Cricket Ground,- today, Gargarevitch tackled Platt-Betts' five-mile record, which -he fowei^d by Saefci his'time berng '9min 20seo; he was also ,^r5th of "a second iDside Betts time when hei traversed four miles in The ' business of /the Australian Mutual^ >mbjante.tto>i2,442; 48,157,404,, ^thich iB.the largest new basiijtss ti^sact^ * slu^ 1892. ' As t h e ' i , ' ' I f e w i ; fivorable,;aiS;th6^^TO been much reduced, a net increase of nearly 41,000,000 to the volume of insurances in force is looked for. An Extradition Court was arranged to be held to-day to arrange for the issue of warrants in connection with the Atmospheric Gas Company frauds, but at the last moment the court was adjourned. It is rumored that the Crown, owing to the heavy charges that had to be met in the extradition of. Butler, will hesitate to act in the present instance unless 1 a sum is deposited by the company to defray a • portion of the expenses.. STDNBV, March 4. The French steamer St". Louis, which was at Noumea during the recent hurricane, arrived at Newcastle to-day. The captain and officers give a graphic description of the severity of the visitation and the extensiv^damage done. A series of hurricanes was experienced, the first indication of the approach of tftiusual climatic conditions being the rapidity with which the barometer fell. The hurricane first began at six o'clock on the evening of February 22, and continued till the following morning. Then there was a lull, but the gale was renewed during the night of the 23rd. The storm raged till five in the morning of the following day, and was at its highest between 2 and 3 a.m., daring which time the greatest havoc was wrought. The gales raged from two distinct, quarters, S.W. and N.W., and appeared to unite in the vicinity of Noumea. The force of (he wind was so great that it carried everything before it. The Hospital and other substantial public buildings suffered extensive damage, and scores of private dwellings were unroofed. : The whole plantation was swept away by the floods, and. considerable damage was done to shipping. In port the hurricane brought up a tremendous sea, and for days great billows.rolled into the harbor, with the result that the utmost care had to be taken to prevent vessels smashing themselves againflt the wharfs. During this time the wind blew from various quarters, though chiefly from sonthwest. The damage, by floods cannot be estimated, the destruction to the coffee plantation being tremendous. For a time Noumea was 3in under water. The floods have been most ruinous all over the island. Though the residents suffered heavy losses, gratification is felt that there was no-loss of life. Regarding the steamer Fiado, Captain Qffert and his officers say that a strict look out was kept during the ran U Newcastle, but the-missing vessel was not sighted. Grave fears are entertamed'.by the officers of the steamer St. LouiB aB to the safety of the Fiado, but they .Say the vessel may have bren delayed through an accident to her machinery. The St. Louis Was anchored at Noumea in proximity to the .Firench war vessels in the Bay of Moselle. -The gunboat Loyalty quickly 'sank, and the -crew swam ashore, a. distance of five hundred yards in safety. The steamer Reollie,.. with two pilot . boats; went ashore, and wer« high and dry when the St. Louis left port. _ ; The .Government Statist estimates the population of Australasia at the end of 1897 «s 4,410,124 persons, against 4,323,204 «t the end of 1896, the gain in population thus being 86,920. Of this number 6?,790 are due.to natural increases of ' births .over deaths, and 17,ISO ^to immigration. Particulars of this increase are as follow :—New- South Wales, -25,820 ; Victoria,. 1294 j Queensland, 12,521 South Australia, : >2,824 ; Western Australia 23,962, Tasmania 5,605, and New ZeaJa^ 14,89.4/ Mr U6ghlan mentions ^liat sinaa' April 5, 1$91, Tictoriii iias lost 8,012 males and gained ^^B^.^eprifi;'^''' a total of 35,833 persons, while in the course of the same period^ew Sbatht -Wales hkis gaiined 96,798 males and 9{4,428 females, or ^a total Of 191^26 ^ersoti^ '?'• ^ .. An accident o(»un;ed ithis morning at Block .14, Broken »&il;}, the open quany, whereb/. a contractor named j'ared. fle^aa ciipiym^^ precipi^tinghim distenceot25fato ^hesboj^ ^hd'ah ambakDcp wre eummpned, and this patient was taken to "the hospital, where bis injuries were found to be internal, j comprising fractured ribs and slight: laceration of. the lungs. On inquiry this evening at the hospital, the case was considered serious. 