AUSTRALASIAN PRODUCE IN EUROPE. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) WHEAT. LONDON, July 22.— Callfornlnn arrived and near at hand haB hoeu sold at 32s to 33s 3d per 5001b., and Indian at 31s Od. Australian wheat cx Damascus lias been sold at 33s (id to 40s per 1361b. Tlie I-Ilmalaya, wltb 336 bags, and tbo Har- binger, with 2701, UOrtli irom aieioouriie, rnvt Just arrived. Tho quality is exceptionally good. Trices seem now to have reached a level at which buyers are willing to operate, and there is not likely to ho much cliango until something moro definite Is known with rospoct to the 1S38 crop, which at present looks like being a heavy one, although in tho north of Europe tho harvest will bo later than usual. England, France, and Spain appear to havo boon exceptionally favored recently with resi>cct to tho weather. Heavy rains havo Interfered with harvesting In Hun gary, lloumania. and Russia, and In Gormany, Belgium, and Scandinavia corn lias been knocked about by rain, and kept backward by cold wea ther. The results of threshing winter wheat in tbo United States have been disappointing. Some authorities are sceptical about the re ports of a great increase in the area under wheat in Argentina, because there are not hands enough in tho country at present to extend the culti vated acreage much beyond its present limits. Immigration has not expanded to tho extent ex pected, and tho farmers have about as much land iimi/pii nn am tbov ran effectively (leal Willi. For this reason, it is argued, a liberal policy towards agricultural immigrants ought to be adopted, and it Is nnUciputcd tbat tho President (General Roca) will endeavor to attract foreign labor and capital to the country. Tho latest advices upon tho subject state that winter wheat promises woll in most parts of Russia, In Europe, and in Caucasus; the provinco of Samara is, to somo extent, however, an excep tion. Tho condition of Russian spring wheat Is also almost evorywherc favorable. Tho wheat crop in Turkey Is exceptionally abundant this year, while the quality shows an Improvement upon 1S97. There have, at the same time, been some complaints of drought. The quantity of wheat now on route for Europe Is returned at 1,160,000 quarters, as compared with 790,000 quarters at tho corresponding date of 1S97. BUTTER. The trade all round Is extremely quiet. Danish Is worth SSs to 91s; States and Canadian cream eries, 65s to 80s; Irish creameries S4s to 80s, fac tories 70s to 80s. CHEESE. Tho market for Canadian remains unaltered. The best qualities bring from 37s to 30s. FROZEN MEAT. The purchase by tho Amorican Government of a number of steamers trading between New York and London, aunougn it uas uul tho rato of freights, which still stand at 30s per head, has had the effect of reducing the arrivals of live cattle, which show a decrease! to date of 8331 as compared with tho corresponding period of last vear. The United States havo fallen away by 12,269, and Canada by 67SS, while the exports of Argentina havo increased by 10,603. On tho other hand, tho Imports of chilled boot have in crease! by 71,406cwt., which, allowing Scwt. for each bullock, rather more than compensates for the shortage in live cattle, and the Imports of sheep have grown from 376,350 in 1S97 to 436,500 in 1S0S, notwithstanding a falling off from Canada nnd tho United States of 17,400. Tho llvo sheep trade is gradually extending in Argentina, Chill, and the Falkland Isles. Sooner or later Aus tralia will commence to ship sheep and cattle on a large scale. In the "bard" meat trade tlie imports liave in creased considerably, tbo net growth 201,332 carcases of frozen mutton and 40,168 quarters of frozen beef. The imports of sliecp from Australia have declined by 169,320 sheep and lambs, but New Zealand has sent 17S,963 and the River Plate 194,608 more than last year, and In frozen beef Australia, New Zealand, and tlie River Plato have all contributed to the excess. Under such conditions, an advance of price from the present uDremnneratlvc level can ouly be obtained with difficulty, except in the case of tlio best Canterburys, wlicro -Id per lb. Is mado for really good qualities and handy wolgbts. Two special food Inspectors havo been ap pointed at tbo docks, and tbo authorities havo seized a shipment of frozen beef ox Warrigal, from Sydney. VICTORIAN AND CANADIAN METHODS CONTRASTED. The offices tnken by Mr. J. M. Sinclair in Leadonhall-strect continue to present Ihc empty and woe- begone appcaranco to which I havo pre viously called your attention. It Is now more than 12 months since Mr. Sinclair was re-ap- polnted, at ail increased salary, to do certain work, but up to the present— from causes en tirely beyond his control — ho has not been able to do any of it- Canada, which, like Australia, Is endeavoring to Increase her export of provisions to the United Kingdom, Is acting in a much more sensible and practical manner. Tbo Minister for Agriculture has como to Iamdon, and be is accompanied by ono of bis most trusty lieutenants, Professor James YV. "Robertson, Agricultural and Dairying Commissioner for tlie Canadian Govornmont. and two assistants. A largo quantity of fresh fruit, peaches', apples, pears, and tomatoes, will be forwarded from the Dominion, and it is hoped tbat, with the care taken In packing and storing, they will be landed in good ""condition. Parti cular attonllon Is being paid to packing and dressing poultry for the English market, and the output of butter and eggs Is being largely in creased. One great advantage which Canada possesses Is that her produco Is not confined to London, but Is spread over all tbo principal out- ports— Ltvorpool, Hull, Glasgow, Manchester, and Bristol. The Canadian Government is develop ing tho dairy Industry In the north-west terrlto- Hps, advances 10s. per lb. on tho butter made by the farmer, and undertakes Its sale. Cold stor age, as woll as refrigerated cars, havo been pro vided for tlio Department of Agriculture, for It was felt that tho merchants wbo dealt in pro duce bad not enough business to enable them to make propor arrangements. Professor Robertson, in a conversation with an interviewer, remarked, "This may bo cited as an Instanco of a department of tho Government doing for the people what tliey could not singly do for themselves. Such actions need not bo feared as tending to lessen the enterprise of the individual, or to destroy his self-reliance or in dependence. It rather increases and stimulates both, through tho larger opportunities for tlielr exorciso which it provides. In no sense or case can such co-operation interfere to tho injury of nny business already established which is promo ting tho prosperity of tho country. On the contrary, such co-operation will provide openings for the exorciso ot skilful mamigomout, commer cial talent, nnd industrial ability, with tho host chances for remunerative returns to tho indivl- dual." , The Victorian Department of Agriculture may rest asured that If it is going to sleep, Canada is not. PRESERVED MEATS. Tho domand for beef and mutton is not brisk, but prices are steady, and tho high prices ruling are chocking bustness; but rabbits are salable oven at tbo rocent advance. Tho inquiries for compressed beef are less active than recently, and values havo a tendency to decline. Tho latest quotations are: — Boiled- beef, first quality, 21b. tins 6s fid to 6s 6d per dozen, 611). 16s to 18s per dozen; second quality, 61b. 12s 6d to 16s fid per dozen; boilod mutton, 21b. 7s to 8s, 61b. 17s to 19s; corned mutton, 61b. 19s to 21b; Australian boiled rabbits, 21b. 5s 9d to 6s 3d; New Zealand do., 21b. 6s to 6s 9(1; American compressed cornod bc-of, square tins, 21b. 12s, 41b. 22s, Gib, 32s, 141b. 72s Gd. TIIE PONTTN BUTTER PROCESS. The Oroya brought Gcwt. ot butter packed 1n the patont boxes of the Pontin Company, tho patonteo bolng n passenger by that vessel. You are already aware that on May 30 tho boxes wore fastened up at YVilUamstown In tho presence of Mr. Porter, Mr. David Wilson, Dr. Brunt, tho legal representative of tho company In Australia, and several other gentlemen. Mr. Wilson test ed every box ot butter, and declared It to bo in good condition. Tho Pontin systom is under stood to consist In tlio enclosure of tho buttor In a vessol coated with a preparation of which rough asbestos is tho chief Ingredient. This makes an hermetic enclosure. A woodon cas ing outside the preparation protects It from in- Jury. I was present yesterday at tho opening of two boxes at tbo offices of Campbell, Shearer, 10 and 12 Tooloy-streot. Tho contents of both boxos wero of good quality, and, so far as my opinion Is worth anything, the butter was quite as good us that which camcs In tho regular way by re frigerator chambers. Tho butter cumo in the hold as ordinary cargo,, and It Is claimed that by the. adoption of tbo Pontin process n. saving of £3 or £4 per ton could bo effected. Of that I know nothing, but I should Imagine that tho saving by tho difference between ordinary and refrigerated freight would to a great extent be counterbalanced by tho Increased cost of tho 40 boxos which would bo required for the convey ance of a ton of buttor. That, ot course, is a matter of pounds, shillings, and pence, and can easily bo ascertained. All tbat the experiment lias proved up to tho present Is that buttor liacked In this way may bo landed in good condition. When Lord Dtiffcrln left tho Embassy at Paris and settled down in his Irish homo at Clamlo- boyo, ho thought that In tho abundance of his lotsure he could turn out sheaves of literary work. Ho finds that, being now nominally a man of lolaure, ho has really less tlmo for literary work than he had when ho was her Majesty's Minister at Paris, or with tlio Empire of India In his charge. But tlio London correspondent of tho "Scotsman" states that ho has Just set to work in a new field. Speaking most modern longuagoB, ho has long deplored his ignorance ot Persian. Accordingly, In hie sevonty-sccond year, ho has sot himself to loom the language 