Political Prods. In the latest issue of the •' Sunday Times" the name "Vosper" appears 20 times, while the " member for North-East Coolgardie " (a kind of blushing compromise) appears three times. As the " Sunday Times," according to itself, is a journal " for the People," a reasonable process of deduction brings us to the conclusion that a good many of " the People " are named Vosper. The Coolgaidie Water Scheme.— Editor CLASS'S,—Mr O'Connor, in defending himself from Mr Kargigli's criticisms, gives his experience of drain construction as that obtained by him when assistant engineer for the construction of the Bann dam in Ireland. Now. here's a nice, easy sum of addition and substraction—none of your impossible "puzzles":—As we all know that Mr O'Connor has been eight years in West Australia, and us I know he has been another 23 years in New Zealand,-what age was ' he when employed as assistant engineer on the Bann dam ? (A) Supposing his present age to be 60 years, (B) Even supposing his present age to be 65 years. On the discussion of the Land Bill: "The Colonial T.easui- er explained that the clause provided a very important improvement. Hitherto a very loose system had prevailed, and it was possible for a lease to be transferred without the production of the instrument of lease. The clause would remedy that by providing that on the occasion of evfry transfer the lease or license muBt be produced. " Mr Hassell pointed out that in many cases ,the leases had never been issued. His father had' held land without ever troubling about the lease of it." Mr Haesell is a man of few words, but when he speaks he mostly tells us something. What a multum in parvo remark this is on the subject of the good old times in W.A. ? Premier Reid is 53 years of age, Want 52, Lyne 54, Barton 49. Sir John Forrest is 52. Taking an average, the heyday of political life begins at' 60 and ends anywhere under three figures. Dear CLARE'S : Forrest is a good general left alone. But can't stand being questioned as to " the how, the why, add the wherefore." After the people lose confidence in him, he loses confidence in himself, as Mrs Edmund Crootes wrote in one of her verses :— The centipede was happy quite. Until the toad, in fun, Said " Pray, which leg goes after which," And worked her mind to such a pitch, She lay distracted in the ditch, Considering how to run. Gullewa. Vide Throssell's " blocker " system- "It's oh, for a patch of land! It's oh, for a patch of land! Of all the blessings tongue can name There's none like a patch 0' land !" (Old Scotch Ballad). "Wooden Pipes.—In an interview with a representative of the ' West Australian' on Saturday, the Engineer-in-Chief (Mr C. Y. O'Connor) said that correspondence which he recently had from America opened up the possibility of the creation of a new industry in Western Australia, in the shape of the manufacture of wooden pipes. If this could be established, it would, as Mr O'Connor remarked, be a great boon to the colong. Wooden pipes could be utilised not alone for the purposes of the reticulation for the Coolgardie Water Supply when it reaches Coolgardie."— When it reaches Coolgardie! What a far off, divine event to look forward to. And, at the present rate of progress, where, oh where shall we all be in that distant era? " For very many years the majority of the members of Parliament have considered in. their-wisdom that the interests of the colony demanded that the outlying districts should pay tlie taxes and that the ceotral district should get. the chief benefit of the money."—Albany " Advertiser." The good old plan of obtaining fuel by chopping at the roots of the needful tree, instead of climbing up and lopping off superfluous branches, is being followed by Mr. Piesse, as a result of his imperative orders to "retrench." When the goldfields railways were built it was recognised that employes in the Far Back could not live on the same salaries as those more fortunate in being nearer civilisation, and a special allowance was made in their case as folio ws: For officers in receipt of salaries from £40 to £140 per annum inclusive, £30 per annum; officers in receipt of salaries from £150 to £250 per annum inclusive, £50 per annum; officers in receipt of salaries above £250 per annum, £50 per annum. Now, Mr. Piesse, with ' .a bnreaucratic insolence only possible, in Turkey, W.A., and a few other partially civilised countries,has left the upper grades untouched, and has lowered the rates of lower grades—the wretched "peons" of the service—by 50 per cent. We have longago given up attempting to discover the gymnastic system of mathematics by which the Government seeks to balance its. revenue and expenditure, but we may be allowed to ask why this dastardly piece of injustice is allowed to go on with scarcely a protest in Parliament or Press. Thus a M. A. Oxon. quoting- Frederic Harrison on the literature of the Bible in the daily press:— " The Book which begot English prose still remains its supreme type. The English Bible is the true school of English literature. It possesses every quality of our language in its highest form. . . . If you care to know the best that our literature can give in simple noble prose, mark, learn and inwardly digest the Holy Scriptures in the English tongue." This is the language of a great writer, who is looking at the Bible as literature only. Most of us look on it also as a sacred history and the purest system of mortals and religion. Shall our legislators deprive children ofitP" This is the kina of argument we do not like. Who, we ask, of our legislators wanta to deprive children (or anyone elBe) of the literature in questiouP Between "depriving" them of it and forcing it upon them in a manner against the inclination of their parents and guardians, there is a wide difference, Mr M. A. Oxon. One would think to read the above, that "our legislators " intended to decree that all Bibles be burnt by the hand of the common hangman. A. Norseman correspondent writes: Once again has it been conclusively demonstrated that the much-vaunted "unan- ; imity " of the Norseman people in favor of the Government, railway proposals is not a fact, and the truth of the contention that " the workera in the field," as opposed to a few "interested speculators," strongly favor the Esperance connection has been manifested. Last Saturday night more than 500 men—principally miners—held a meeting, at which a resolution urging the construction of a line from Esperance to the fields was carried, no amendment even being proposed, although the ohairman W.M.T. •was willing to accept one if any desire had been shown for such a coarse to be adopted. Some people seem to think the Esperance advocates are running their heads against a wall, but far more unlikely victories have been won by persistent efforts, and it is more than probable that even yet, although within the present session justice may prevail over selfinterested motives. Pipes are to be made now, according to the gospel of O'Connor, out of wood. The blockheads of the Department should be used up first. They would make up a few miles of pipes of good hard material, subject only perhaps to dry rot. If a litcle whisky were mixed with the water they would almost come to life again. The recent complaints by house and land agents, tbat members of.the W.A. civil service are competing with them while in an official position, Beein to be well founded.. INot very long &ince; we heard .of one of the lions of the Public Service employing an understrapper to collect his rents, etc;, quite openly and without any fear of creating a public scandal. The formation of " syndicates " by members of certain departments to buy up city and suburban property, and the use of Government offices for the furtherance of such transactions, is another evil that requires to be looked into. In the neighboring colonies it is not permissable by law for a public servant to enga ge in any other trade oi occupation, and we hope Foon to see an Act passed tc put a stop to these capers. Once again have the Government arranged for great retrenchments in the Public Service, and we hear that about 400 "notices to quit" have been issued. Of course, if the necessities of the country demand these wholesale dismissals, nothing can be said against them; but we certainly think some discrimination ought to be exercised in the selection of the unfortunate victims. There are very great anomalies existing in the rates of pay ; accorded to Civil Servants which surely need revision. As for iustance: The postmaster at Norseman, through whose hands something like .£60,000 passes every year, receives no greater salary than does the driver of the resident engineer's buggy. Surely it is time a Civil Service Board was brought into existence, and rate of pay proportionate to •amount of work and responsibility, introduced. Moran's new oath: Beard," . Now by my "The public offices at Perth are like Tabbit warrens, and many of their occupants have all the irresponsibility of the rodent. Ministers talk of managing the railways upon commercial principles, but if they applied the same principles to the public offices there would be a great weeding out of unnecessary' officers."—Albany 4 Advertiser." Apropos the education question: We teach the children Danish, Trigonometry and Spanish; Fill their heads with old-time notions, < And the secrets of the oceans, . And the cuneiform inscriptions From the land of the Egyptians; Teach the. date of every battle, And the habits of the cattle, With the date of every crowning; Read the poetry of Browning, Make them show a preference For each musty branch of science; Tell the acreage of Sweden, And the serpent's wiles in Eden; And the other things we teach 'em Make a mountain so immense That we've not a moment left ; \- To teach them common sense! Part of Governor Remember-me-nomore Robinson's speech to the Legislative Council, August 7th, 1876 "In compliance with the request contained in your resolution of the 13th December last, I appointed a Commission to consider and report on the Tariff, with"a view to its complete revision. The Commission %ras composed of one official and four representative members of your Honorable House, and I take this opportunity of thanking those gentlemen for the care which they bestowed upon the subject, and for their ready and valu able assistance. The Commission is of opinion that the importation of corn, flour, meal, salt meat, and certain minor articles, should be free; that, in order to the enoouragemebt of ship-building and equipment, the principal and mostly costly articles included under the general name of ship-chandlery should also be placed on the free list; and that the duty on butter, tea, and refined sugar should be reduced. It is considered that the IOSP to the revenue resulting from these reductions should be made good, mainly by an additional duty of is per gallon on spirits, to be supplemented by increased duties on cocoa, coffee, and confectionery; while on certain articles which are now on the free list—wool bales, and bags and sacks, for instance—it is proposed to levy a duty of 10 per cent, ad valorem. The report of the Commission will be presented to you, and submitted for the decision of the House. I trust the result may be a simplification of the existing Tariff, and the abolition or reduction of some of the duties at present imposed on the prime necessaries of life. That is more than twenty years ago, and what duties do we find now " imposed oh the prime necessaries of life." No doubt they meant well, but then John Forrest, our Premier, was only Deputy Surveyor- General, while Br'er Alec, according to the gospel of said John, was becoming a really valuable surveyor, who was, for this reason, constantly employed during i876. "Oh the time they lost in—surveying!" ' From proceedings of the Legislative Council, 1876 :— " NEW MEMBER.—Mr. Maitland Brown being introduced to Mr. Speaker, took and subscribed the usual Oath of . Allegiance, and delivered to the Clerk the declaration required by the Constitution Act, as hereunder set forth. 'I, Maitland Brown, do declare and testify that I am duly seized at law or in equity of an estate of freehold, for my own use and benefit, in lands or tenements in the Colony of Western Australia, of the value of one thousand pounds, above all charges and encumbrances iaffecting the same ; and that I have not coiiusively or colourably obtained a title to or become possessed of the said lands ' and tenements,- or any part thereof, for the purpose of qualifying or enabling me to. be returned a member of the Legislative Council of, the Colony of Western Australia. A statement of the County or Counties in which the lands or tenements are situated, out of which my qualification arises, with a description thereof:—Victoria Locations Nos. 9, 14, 15, 16, 33, 185, and 371, freehold. Council Chamber, Perth, Western Australia, August 7th, 1876.— And you really had all these great possessions more than twenty years ago ? My God, we are proud of you! • . ' During an election meeting in New South Wales an unknown poet sang a parody of the well-kftown bailed, "No, Sir," and the meeting heartily took up the chorus. The first verse ran thus: Let me tell you one thing, Oeorgie, Tell you why we scorn you so— It's when asked re Federation Tou will merely say " Yes-no." Yes-no, Yes-no, &c.; " St. James's Gazette," referring to the petition of the Sikhs in West Australia - against their disabilities, says: "Weare quite in sympathy with the refusal to admit certain undesirable Asiatic or other foreigners to citizenship; but the case of the Sikhs is different. They have fought for us before, they are loyal to us now, they will bd capable and good members of apy community. None of these can be said of many white and vari-colored immigrants who are accepted. Why are theBe .Sikhs refusedP—"The St. James's Gazette" is printed in London, and therefore can't be expected to know. Its arguments are yerj similar to those of certain Boston people, in favor of the " noble Red Man." If those Bostonians had gone West they might have 'been scalped. Similarly, if " St. James's Gazette'.' could so iinprove its position as to be printed here, it would probably adopt the local, anti-Asiatic. prejudices. It's all a question of whether you or some other fellow has got to put up with it. The tender feeling of admiration which we have ever entertained towards out contemporary, the Sunday Times/' was considerably increased by the appearance, in its issue of Saturday .last, of an article on "The Esperance-Noraeman line." In our immature and unobtrusive opinion that was, in many respects, the best article that has yet appeared in the "Times": Its arguments were strong, its style lucid and clear. We had begun to think that our Sabbatical friend had entered upon a higher and better plan of journalism till, on looking up the Ealgoorlie ." Miner " of August 9 (the Tuesday preceding the issue of the " Times" in question), we came upon the same identical article in the form of a " leader," except that the " Times " man had interpolated a dozen lines in one portion, and added a dozen more on to the end. . It will be thus seen that the "Times" has entered upon a system of Neo-jeutnalism which threatens to shove it far ahead of its competitors. The ordinary- article-writer on the ordinary newspaper laboriously collects his facts and figures, perhaps burrows for houra and even days among records and libraries, and then, with such skill as, in nine cases out of ten, comes only with years of practice, evolves what is to bring him his daily bread—an article. The " Times " method is, however, a much better, quicker, and eheaper one. A slash of the scissors, a dab with the ^paste-brush, and hey presto! the thing is done'. The one style ii the outcome of Labor—the other, of Genius. We congratulate the "Miner" upon having an echo in the capital, but though we have ever been, a constant and interested reader of the Kalgoorlie orga , *ve never noticed before that it was behind the " Times." Cardinal Moran, on George Reid: " No Premier with a great cause to be won ever entered upon a new lease of power with hisghands better strengthened than had the present Premier of New South WaleB. All political parties were united in the desire to establish a United Australia, . based on principles of equity and justice ; . and, with this end in view, it might be said that no Premier ever had the assurance of such a united sympathy as the present, leader of the Government." Boer bluntness:—Mr J. L. de Villiera has been thanked by the Ceres-road branch of the Afrikander Bond for his services as their Parliamentary representative during the last twenty-four years. The vote of thanks was coupled with a request "that he would not force himself upon the public again." Olive Schreiner is taking an enthusiastic part in the general election now going on in Cape Colony—an election which will practically decide whether the Cape is to be a British colony or a Dutch state under British suzerainty. The suicide of Dr. Nix, Resident Medical Officer at Marble Bar, throws a sidelight upon the lax system ofGovertiment auditing adopted in this province. It seems extraordinary that a Government official, in a small place like Marble Bar could embezzle the large sum of £500 without discovery. Our public audit system, and auditors also, want looking to. It was said that Bertoli, the defaulting Coolgardie Post-office Cash Clerk (ominous title) could have escaped FremautLe had he fought it out with the Government—at his trial—on their beautiful system of auditing public accounts. He was, however, persuaded to >lead guilty, and saved the Government a {ot of "dem'd unpleasant" bother and several Government officials their big fat billets. It would be interesting to know when the Government accounts at Marble Bar were last audited. Dear CLOSE'S,—" Full Up " was " trifle out in last issue. The "incapable" he referred to didn't get West Perth, though it's odds on betting that, with the combination behind him, he'll strike something equally beyond him before long. The artful Cyril seems to be feeling the ijfuth of your able articles, or, what is perhaps more probable, to be feeling tbat there is a. limit beyond, which he (Cyril JackBon, M.A.) dare not tread. During thepast month two important suburban appointments have been filled by local men—O'Leary, from Beaconsfield to South Perth; and now Gladman, M.A.,pne of the most capable teachers in the service, gets West Perth—and deservedly. That the daiinB of these two 'have been considered, after having been for so long deliberately ignored, seems to argue that Cyril is capable of, at all events, an attempt at reform. Yours, &c.;, " <£10 8B 4d." [We ate glad to find that the Education Department is at length acting squarely by the local assistants. The department iB to be congratulated on the innovation, from which the community at large may rest assured-good results will accrue.— Moran (re women sitting in Parliament) : I can't imagine a woman sitting here till midnight while her husband is at home—.strolling into the refreshment room in a free-and-easy manner, and perhaps strolling home with the member for West Perth. (Laughter.) Morgans: The hon. member for Central Murchison poses as the champion of women in denying them the franchise. The position is absuKl. He intimates that he wants to defend them from themselves. In all that has been said in this debate nothing more insulting against women haB been advanced It borders on effrontery and impertinence The hon. member has said that women are not angels. Well, I never heard one say she was. That's only setting up an argument for the purpose of knocking it down. It must be confessed that a fine give-and-take spirit pervades the Assembly. The transition from heated, acrimonious debate to friendly jest and camaraderie is at times marvellously sudden. At times one may almost hear the rush of the approaching cyclone, only to find on nearer acquaintance that it is the roar of the sucking dove that be has heard, and the baa-d laugwidge of the lorn and lonesome lamb. A new light on Woman's Suffrage: As the vastly greater proportion of the women of the colony are located near the coast, the passage of the measure would still further increase the enormous disproportion between the representatives of Coast and Goldfields. The wisest-looking member in the Legislative Ass. is Sam Mitchell. If one could only BE as wise as Sam LOOKS, the mantle of Solomon would not go a-begging for a pair of shoulders to roost upon. • » • One of the most remarkable incidents of Wednesday's debate was the mournful collapse of the puem which Mr* Illingworth had lecited with such telling effect a few nights previously—ati effect so telling tbat Br'er Alec wept, while Lohengrin George " wouldn't ha' been ashamed if he had wept." That poem had afterwards been treasured up in the heart of nearly every member in the House as the most sweetly solid thing on record for a man to take home and quell his Womenfolk with, till the member for Coolgardie, in a harrowing burst of vandalism, tore it to shreds and tatters. The Coolgardian was scornful: the poem, he said, was by a Mrs Liddell, and was the most wretched jingle he had ever heard. It commenced: ' The rights of women, what are they P— The right to labor and to pray.' What a grand attitude to assume towards woman! (Laughter). What a generous poet! 'The right to labor and to pray!' (Laughter). Then, * The right o'er other's woes to weep.' Who wanted to weep o'er other's woes ? ' The right to succor in reverse, The right to bless when others curse* The honorable member seemed to think that the rights of women should not be confined to " labor," " praying," " watching," " weeping," " succouring," and " blessing," while the male portion of humanity did the thing that was handiest, or simply lit| his pipe and looked on. And the House giggled over itB former sentimentality and looked silly, except Mr George, who still hugged the tender little thing to his bosom, and looked unutterable wrath on its slayer. George: " He was opposed to the motion, and they would have heard nothing about this question, but for a lady who came here and established the W.C.T.U., and had made the fatal tactical mistake of convening a temperance meetin* and calling upon a whisky drinker to take the chair." A fatal tiling for him to do, " To take the chair"—how risky; And help the W.C.T.U., Because he likes his whisky. Ob, Mr. George; oh, Mr. George; For all your jeering speeoheB, True men will champion woman's cause, And stick to it like leeches. The Premier: The hon. member for East Perth is in a very pleasant position. .He is looked upon as the friend of the women of the colony—a sort of cock bird among them. (Boars of laughter). E wing: The influence of woman in the home ia good; the influence she carries with her every where is good; why not extend that influence to our legislature ? —Oldfihyme. MAIT- LAND BROWN/ " Ed. CLASS'S.] • 