EXPELLING DANES. The expulsion of Danes from North fo-hle.-wig is continuing. The latest action of the authorities has: been to expel more Danish children attend ing the German scliools in the Duchy. j This has aroused great irritation in Den-1 mark. j [The reeent expulsion of Danish subjects. from North Schleswig created a most pain-! ful impression in Denmark. Expulsions of Danes are of not infrequent occurrence in Si-hleswig, the Prussian authorities never giving any further explanation of their ac-. tion than that the persons in question are "lastig" (undesirable). In the recent case the persons expelled were mainly farm hands, in many cases women, who had crossed the frontier to find employment. There is a Danish-speaking population of about ].r)0,000 in Schleswjg, who are Prus sian subjects. These Prussian Danes take Danish labourers or servants in preference to Germans. This immigration into Schles wig, with its consequent strengthening of the Danish clement, is considered in the highest degree "lastig" by the Prussian authorities. It is also alleged that there is a network of Danish societies covering the whole of the northern portion of the province, while in Denmark there are numerous so-called "Soufh Jutland socie ties." According to the "Cologne Gazette" the Danish press and the press of the party of protest in Schleswig foment the agita tion. Inhabitants of Schleswig who have Danish sympathies make excursions across the border, and proclaim at festive gather- j mgs their unalterable adhesion to Den- ] mark and their hatred of Prussia and Ger many. Along the Danish side of the fron tier a large number of colleges and se condary schools have been established in: order to attract young natives of North i •xhleswig, and to give them a Danish edu ction. Danish children are exchanged during the summer holidays for children bom the German side of the frontier in order to keep up the connection with Den-: mark. Danish popular libraries ore estab lished everywhere in North Schleswig, and are often supplied with hooka from Den mark. Punas for the agitation are partly subscribed in Denmark, and Danish officials turn officers in many cases take part in the movement. In Hadersleben, ltendsburg, Apenrade, Tondern, and Sonderburg the iianes often behave as if thqy were the ruling element, and some of them ignore ^'together their German and I'rusEion na tionality.] 