! THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE, j ! i Most of the words of 111-3 "English language. which is chiefly derivative, are taken ii'iuu the Anglo S.ixon and the Latin, or the language of the old Romans. Then comes a long list from the Fieueh, Celtic*, Greek, German, and Danish languages. Alter the institu tion of Christianity in England a nuiiiher of Liiin words were introduced ! by the Clergy to describe the doctrines i an A the ;iu:al of the Chnivh. The revival or the study of am lent languages dnr.ng the lath and liSth centuries in'oVird the uu-ans of adding a number «jm:V. Fiv!<"h woris were introduced by th ? X'-'iMKuis -afti*r lbs1 Conqnest. It was during the reign of James f, i;» the e.irly part of the 17th century,- that oar lang-tair1 ::»u;sicn! its present form, and was uv'.ic-.u'iy c-nih'd the Lntpixh Ian gii.ig-'. Daring tiiC latter j»arfc<»i" oar own fi-iit.nrv a mimlxf of Latin and Creek words have been introduced to keep pace wii-i tlio warvoilous discoveries in arts and r-rienees. The diftusiou of or? tanging?, however, b:, cveu more fascin ating than its r»-oluii;,n. At tlie Naval Review dinner in couueetion with the late .1 n'.'Hee cch-'imtuai?, at which there were representatives of every civilised nation-Admirals of Russia, Sweden, Italy, France, Norway, Holland, Spain, and even Japan, conversed tog- other in the purest Kiigii.-h. The toast of the Queen's health was responded to by Cava'ier Movino Ehniv, aide-dc-cainp to the King or Italy, with even the humorous and techisi a] idioms peculiar to our hngiiage. Is this*!-prediction that the English language^ ultiiiYately bound- to' dominate the world ? It appears so in the light of the following historical facts ! In liSOO the English speaking people were ntrnibsfcejij e| &%£,.' millions » -;j.fche French, Russians ja^jt : little over 30 millions each. Those who speak ShakespeareV.tongue were bat 11 per cent, of the men and women imbued with the ideas of Western civilisation. To-day they are 31 per cent., and num ber a hundred and twenty millions. I When we consider thatattlie'eoinnieiice ment of the ceiitirv France and Ger many ejeh stood ahead of England in numerical strength, and must now coin bine their forces to appro -ch us, we have re.ison to think that our nation has in deed a gre.it mission in moulding the destinies of the world. Perhaps the strongest evidence in proof of the virility of our race is in its rare genius forcolonisation, which stands outih strong contrast to the efforts of other nations in this particular. In the middle of the 18th century it seemed not improbable that France might be the mistress of the world. She held Canada and Louisiana in America, and her hand was on I adm it was not to be. The fusion- of Nor man and Saxon had produced a race courageous and gifted, as -isre bothy French and Germans ; but a race which is above all practical, a quality which induced the great American author Emeiisox to say : '.'These Saxons j®a^ tlie hands of the race." In the XJniiMr States our race has manifested its power of absorbing a vast body of immigrants drawn from all lands. In India it is modifying native conceptions- to what end it would be premature to say. Japan lias yielded to the influence. A no,v civilisation is springing up there i^sci upon j^nglish tiuugiit and customs. There are indications also in" s;>ito o/ Cu-^ian and German intrigue t!:ut China wiil be t-tirred to its deaths hv the i eas of the Englishmen and Avn -vi ai s whom it lias invited to develop its vast resources. It is hcva'-se >he English can " do that their language is studied. Perhaps a do>m- f.'.} 1 train certain material results i-: cii:* nic;ive. Put the tongue acquired -\\-u of its literature follows as a us..tier 01 course. Assuredly the ir.i.no.- 0/ ;«:t<? are bitter. As late as lli-5 the English House of Commons j ?,v.is p^s.-dng Acts written in French, j For a <.; ntury and a ; lialf after that iii.cn of mark ..made their wiits : and wrote their letters iu the" tongue of tiifir Noinaii ancestors. The language . whie'i fair to be true Vol&puk; was ik'siiisci tiil CHAUCER. .wrote his Canterbury' Tales was despised, indeed, long after the father of English p. ;etrv ha 1 pns ed away. It is gratify ing to aa to anticipate :the ti'iir.J. of his language. To the tr;:e Engii.-hinan who retains, something <>i bis -insular prejudice whether lie seeks for the precious metal on the vast goldfields of Western Australia, feeds sheep oh the vast plains of the Kiverina, tells lumber in the pine forests 01 Canada, or prospeets for diamonds at the Cape-it seerns fitting that the mere foreigner should acquire ' tiie tongue of tongues. It is well that <."r " -.f L.j.grr? «;<\- is -justified .V -v 1 »OVjVi we'l. as we ii:V-.'r ]'«,i :tei , ]}!.;.? U't; MUf-.'V VirtUCS ; of the i«cv, iwAu many sources. A ! German philosopher, Ger.>ri%*. speaks ; with the ivith"rity of a philologist. -avA \ with the imoartialiiy of an alien when . lie declares : t: In walth. good sous?, and closeness of structure, 110 other language deserves to be compared with the English. Not even our German, which is torn, and must first rid Itself «;f many defects before it can enter ii.iluiy into the lists aa a e^uip^titor with the English." We appreciate the generous tribute, hnt unless figures lie German can never t-nk'r the In Europe the genius of IHsmark, and the sterling qualities of 11:0 Teutons, made Germany- great, hut her failure to establish herself in Samoa, Xew Guinea, and Central Africa, seems to indicate that the genius for colonisation i:; lacking. A withstand ing the eiforts of the Eraser or WILLIAM he lipids sway over no considerable colour. German emigration tends to the United State?, and the children of the Te .ton acquire the speech of their adopted country. The hundred and tvventy-ave millions must grow mere and more. The pessimist may assert that the British Empire will fall to pieces. lie ma;,- offer a thousand reason 5 to support his contention, but even though England should lose Canada, it will join the United States, aud will . ptill cling to the familiar language. | Even heie the possibility of a foreign ; occupation is so remote as to be subject | of jest, not of discuFsion. And if Aus . tralia should be moved to assert her in dependency she would remain inevitably a nie:iiber of tins great family which speaks the one literature, and glories in the one history. 