©íje ^Brisbane ffimmer. I'tUltAX, xjJBiU&M;áíM.U HU, XMU. In the Legislative Council yesterday, A message from the Governor conveyed the rojal assent to the Bishopsbourne Es- tate, Evidence, and Mansuplal-proof Fencing Bille. A motion by Mr. Buzacott, protesting against the uudue haste with which they .were called upon by the Assembly to transact business, was carried. The Pear_hell and Beche-de-mer Fishery Acta Amendment Bill was read a second time, and taken into Committee. It was eventually postponed till next day. The House Tcee at 6 p.m. In the Legislative Assembly, A motion that £1Ç00 he paid to Lieu- tenant-Colonel Blaxland ae compensation for loss of employment was withdrawn, the officer having received an appointment from tho Government. ' A motion that greater facilities should be afforded local authorities to construct and work tramways woo carried. The second reading of the Life Assurance Companies Bill was carried. A motion for legislation to provide old age pensions was discussed till the time allowed private members expired. The House went into Committee of Supply, and poseed tho estimates of payments from trust and special funds. ' In the Loan Estimates the vote fof De- fence woo passed , but the \ote for Immigra- tion waa still under discussion when we went to press. Variable rain Is still likely in many places in Queensland, meetly In connec- tion with electric disturbances. Over 2in. of rain fell on Wednesday at 'Emerald, 2 501 n. at Rolleston, and 1.56in, at Hughenden. Rain also fell at many .places in the Southern division, but it was very light. . The Federal Institute of Accountants (Brisbane), at its annual meeting, ap- pointed Mr. J. C. Hassall as the Queens- land representative to the council in Mel- bourne. Mr. Lindon W. Batee'a report of the harbours of the colony was presented to Parliament yesterday. The marriage of Mr. W. M. Gray to Miss Bessie Munro took placo yesterday, the ceremony being a very fashionable one. Certain important changes in the staff of the Lands Department are announced. Mr. R. L. Jack, Government Geologist, was entertained at dinner by a few friends | prior to his departure for England. The names of Messrs. W. Thorne and G. I Blocksidge, the two Ministerial candidates i for Woolloongabba, have agreed to abide by the results of a plebiscite to be taken amongst the electors. A Volunteer icorps is be'ing formed at, Roma. The grape crop at Roma this season is very light. Reports from Charleville state that the country is in a deplorable condition from want of water. The dead body of a man named Richard Madden was found near Clermont. The 'Macleay Meat Works are sending an exhibit to the Greater Britain Exhibition. At Townsville a woman named Annie Wilson has been arrested for murdering her illegitimate child by cutting its throat. 'Mr. Reid made a statement in the New South Wales Assembly with reference to federation, and said tüe conference of Pre- miers would proba'bly meet in Melbourne in January. The New South Wales Government Jo not intend to proceed with the matter of ithe representation of the colony at the Greater BritaHn Exhibition. In Sydney yesterday the Chief Justice in Equity was occupied in hearing motions regarding the administration of the Hon. J. Tyson's estate. The Australian-bred horse Pounamu has been sold to the Russian Government for stud purposes. Turnbull, Martin, and Co.'s new steamer NairnBhlre, which will have refrigerating capacity for 100,000 sheep, has been launched on the Clyde. Terence M'Dermott, the Glasgow dyna- miter, who was sentenced in 1883 to penal servitude for life, has been released. The Pan-Germanic agitation in Austria Hungary In favour of wholesale conver- sions to Protestantism 'has provoked a warning from the Catholic journals that it may possibly cause a religious war. The Corporation of Canterbury (England) has conferred the freedom of the city on Mr. Henniker Heaton in recognition ,pf his effor.s on behalf of Imperial penny postage. The late Baron Ferdinand de Rothschild has left his art collection In Waddeson Manor to the British Museum. Prince George of Greece, ithe new High Commissioner of Crete, has been cordially welcomed at Candia. The continued expulsion of Danish school children by the German authorities in Northern Schleswig is arousing great irritation in Denmark. The British Admiralty in)tend to make Wei-hai-Wei a naval depot if the engi- neer's report on the port is favourable. The " Dally Mall" states that Russia in- tends to add largely to her navy in the Far East. France has disclaimed any Intention of acquiring an extension of territory in the Yang-tse Valley. A French priest was murdered during a riot in the Hu-pei province, in China. Germany Inltends to make compulsory tjhe Inspection of imported meat, from whatever country it may come. It Is stated that the United 8tates Go- vernment intend to proclaim military con- trol over the Philippines. Mr. Chamberlain Is in favour of the establishment of a West Indian agency at Quebec. It is rumoured at Berlin that the Czar will meet the Sovereigns of the Triple Alliance at Vienna in the spring of next year. i'w.< The Pennsylvania Steel Company is making 80,000 tone of rails for the trans Siberian Railway. * ~ Thirty-five deaths 'from influenza were resorted at New York on Wednesday. 