»BMA* flÖME" BULE. t Home Kult, ns it i» at present bela»; . made in Germany, is canting considerable excitement in Scandinavia, ami in other countries contiguous toltlie Empire. About the end of October last the Germanautbori tíe» in North rJclileswig began a system of frannuorting people whom yliey cowsfoVred " .nde-wrnblo" (lustig) over the bonier Into Dpnrmrt;. No special reasons wei* given fur Ibis action, nor could they in many eases be conceived. When Ure editor of a Hociulist newspaiHir was removed tb» grounds of hi* disposal'oould be understood, but it wwi different when 6- little lad oi twelve allciftiing school waa ordered to clear out. In this week's cablegrams it > will be seen lb*« the German Government is threatening to reorganise the Danish schools in Schleswig, and place thein^ñder Gurman teachers. There are npw^wST-of 150,ll0t) Danes in Schleswig, and they are kee» «po» maintaim'og their nationality to thc discontent and disgust of the Ger- mans. All along the border the Danes have established schools in which their own longini i* used, and in which thc little ones keep np their country's trudilion*, games, and speech, lt is UIKIU these schools the moiled fist ts to be laid. The person trans- ported arc harmless enough from either a political or industrial point of view. They »re nearly all agricultural labourers or female domestic servants. Schleswig farmers prefer their help, because Ikey can ' speak their language and arc familiar with their ways. These intruders have no political standing : tho only influence tiley have is in keeping: up thc usc of thc Danish ' language, which the governing race wish to 1 Huppretts. Efforts for thc purpose have '? bceu in force »ince thc conquest of Scblcs \- wig-Holstein. und it ia stated that instead I of Danish being now used in a hundred . chapels, it is only employed in half the I IMIUIIKT. Thc evident aim of the Govern- ment is tu Germanise the inhabitants. The f deportation of immigrants, however, is part : of a policy which is being camed out on ' both thc east and west borders of the Empire. Thc , Dutch complain of the ' manlier in which artisans and others who . noss llie boundary and attempt to establixli themselves arc made to go back. '? Poles and slaves crossing the eastern bord« \- linc nie treated in a similar fashion > Men who have, been in Germany for some ' time, nnd have vives and children, an \- driven but. The Liberals in Merlin ari ? silent on this transportation policy, as tbcj I do not care to see thc labour market any ? where invaded by aliens. In Denmnrl ? great indignation hos been felt and ex I pressed ut the treatment of their kinsmen il . Schleswig-Holstein. Threats were made i I couple of mouths ago to boycott Germai \- manufactures in Schleswig and Denmark \- and perhaps the tarrying of them out ba i caused the Germans to propose rctaliator; . measures. The policy of Germany is no f wise. Sonic centuries have elapsed sine : Canada was taken from the French, ye French is freely spoken and written an L taught among thc Canadians. Repressiv i measures will certainly arouse the spirit < i independence among thc Danes, and kee . alive the bitter feelings which mild ar : conciliatory measures would usäuage. 