“IF we are alive to, the signs of the times, there is not the smallest doubt that we shall be able to hold our own not only in new markets, but in markets where we are now sorely pressed.” With these hopeful words the President of the British Board of Trade concluded a recent address to a home Chamber of Commerce, and the remarks are just as applicable to the trade of these colonies as to the branches of British commerce to which they had special reference. From time to time invitations are being beckoned to us to enter upon extended trade relations, not only with, the heart of the :Ethpire, 'but with other parts of it, and it is assuredly * our policy to neglect no opportunity of taking advantage of the openings thu3 indicated. In this connection nothing more promising for our. export trade in food products has happened for a long time than the 'opening up of the markets in South Africa," and despite the disabilities of lack of adequate means of direct com ‘mnnication, the trade with them has swollen to very considerable propor tions. More especially has this been the case with dairy products, with ‘regard to which it is satis factory to learn that while prior to the introduction of butter from Victoria .large quantities of the- ; Danish product were im ported, now the Australasian article 'has taken almost complete possession ;of the market. One African dealer remarks that “ When I first went over -with a shipment of butter I was laughed at, and told my idea was ab surd ; but results prove otherwise. In my first year the whole of the sales of Australian butter in South Africa were not worth more than £1000; now my own trade in this pro duct is between £35,000 and £40,000 a year, and this in addition to the transactions of several others who are in the same line of business. I estimate the total sales of Australian butter in South Africa at close upon £lOO,OOO a year, Vic toria being the chief participant in this trade. The quality of the Vic torian butter is such as to bring-it into favor, and it is preferred to the imports from the other colonies.” The figures quoted represent but the beginnings of a trade. It is matter of history that the ravages of the rinderpest have swept nearly all. the vast country south of the Zambesi of its cattle, and it is probable that the meat and butter supply of the Cape for some years must come from Australia. And in Natal and Portuguese South Africa, the Transvaal and Rhodesia, our con signors have lately, found good markets for dairy produce, and the demand seems likely to improve if Australia duly studies and endeavors to take advantage of these markets so near to us, and so calculated to open up profitable outlets. The chief com munities of South Africa, both British and Boer, are our possible customers, but trade with them is hampered by the fact that they are bound by agree merit a* 'to' dutieSrion foreign meat, flour, dairy; and general agricultural produce. ,-Poßßibly,' joint representa tions from' these -colonies, following upon the complaints of the;:preaa and of the .iirorking -classes : in South Africa,, would help the authorities in the various States -‘there to come to conclusions more favorable to Australian food supplies. Clearly South- Africans, or a very large num ber of them, must buy from abroad for a long time to come. Australians are practically their next door neigh bors, and they ought to be fixity seized of the importance of establishing a command of the trade and doing their utmost to maintain it before the smart business men of the United States or of Argentina commence to pour their supplies in. According to information. which has been communicated to Mr Vale, M.L.A., and to the Mayor and ex- Mayor of the City, the Postmaster- General has no intention of carrying out the distinct promise that has been made as to effecting the highly neces sary alterations at the local Po3t Office. It will be remembered that the very modest sura required, £3OO, was provided for in the gross vote* of £5400 set aside for Post Office works. Inquiry as to why the portion of this allotted to Ballarat was not applied to its legitimate purpose elicits no more satisfactory information than the statement that the entire sum has been most improperly appropriated to a metropolitan work—tbe erection of post office workshops at South Mel bourne. - Daring his visit to Mel bourne, according to the “ Age,” the mayor on calling at the General Post Office, was told that he had better wait on the Public Works Department, for the Po3t Office, in its chronic state of impecuniosity, had no money for such undertakings as the Ballarat work, although money had been expressly provided and earmarked for the under taking, while tenders had been called for it, and these were found to be below the estimates as to the probable cost. To refer the mayor to the Public Works Department under the circumstance was merely to waste his time. That department has no power to expend money without the sanction of the department for which the work is to be carried out. The Post Office is responsible in this case. Only at its instance can its premises in this city be so altered' as to obviate danger to the lives and limbs of citizens 'in having recourse to them, and upon Mr Dufft rests the hlame for a breach of faith, and an indefinite postponement of a work which has been urged for years. Had the demand been for the entire demolition of the City Post Office, and its replacement by a struc ture worthy of the City, and on a scale somewhat like that of the Bendigo Public Offices the hesitancy and pro crastination of the department might be a little more intelligible. Bat' the stubborn refusal to undertake a really necessary work at a cost which is a mere bagatelle in comparison witlrthe contemplated outlay of hundreds of thousands of pounds in -Melbourne is inexcusable and contemptible. It can only be viewed in the light of a wanton affront to Ballarat and its Parliamentary representatives that is by no means explained away nor palliated by comments upon it in the spirit of jeering and sneering and supercilious flippancy which unfortu nately appears: to furnish the'dominant note of much that appears in the Mel bourne press in reference to this city and its interests. The first day of tbs Ballarat Hortionitural Sooieby’s annual autumn show passed nff yesterday at the Alfred Hall in a very satis factory manner. The show is an exostlsnt on-, and the various exhibits were mtinli ad mired, Ths attendance in the evening was large, and the takings amounted to £B, nr three times the amount reoeived on tha first day of the last antumn ehoirl Only £l3 waa taken for tha two days on that nonasinn. The present show promises to far eclipse the previnnn effort both financially nnd in attend ance. Full particulars are published', in another aolnran. The pedestals intended for the etatneg of Hebe and Rath,' about to be ereoted in Shoppes Square, are now completed, and the inscriptions are being obisslled at Messrs M'Donald and Son’s yards. The stands for the statues are of granite, after a neat design furnished ky the firm mentioned, nnd -will be fonnd in every way oalonlated to eat off the the.wsrks of sonlptnrs to the best advantage, ■Every preparation has been made for their reoeption,' and nothing will be wanting for a successful unveiling on. Easter Monday, To-day and to morrow ahnnld witness a real ravival of ths old Ballarat Turf Clnb whioh in former days was looked np to by eportemen in all ths colonies as one of the leadiog clubs of Australia. The Oup meeting, a9 this is termed, has taken on splendidly wtib horse owners from all parts of Victoria, with the resnlt that the entries are much beyond the anticipations of tha most eanguino. The public, not only nf Ballarat atid the surround in* districts, but in many other parts nf Viotoria, will he glad to see this popular aonrse onos more ass-rting itself, and pro viding what should be ths beat two days’ raoing sesn for many a year ontside of Flemingtnn and Canifield. A band has bean engaged to play choice selections of the latest rausio between the races. The Australian crioketera left Adelaide yesterday by tha R.M.S. Ormuz, en ronte for. England. A large crowd assembled to see the Australian representatives off, and hearty good wishes were expressed for their Rnoosts in tile forthcoming tonr. Amongst those pre sent was Mr Gso. Giffan, who cordially wished the team good luck. The statement that Tromper is only to reosivo £2 a week while playing with the Australian team has b-en emphatically enntradinted. Tha amount he is to be paid is stated to be £2OO, olear’Jof ail expansos, for th- English tour, and an equal share in tbe takings for matohes played in other conntries. He is also to hava the status of an amateur, and it ia agreed that if tha tour ia a sucaeas the team will, at ths and of of tbe tour, consider whether nny farther gam should be handed toTrnmper. The Ballarat Gun Clnb’a shooting match for £lOO and a £5 5s trophy was held yester day in the presence of a large number ot apeo'atora at the Miners’ raoeoonrse. The shooting was good, as ia shown by tbe faot that, though there were 71 entries in all, 24 rounds were shot off before the nnmber waa reduced to eeven. The last shots were fired by moonlight, and at 7 o’clock the a-ven agreed to postpone the final nntil this morn ing, although the committee offered to add the aoat of the trophy, £5 s>, to the prizs money if they wonld divide. At round fourteen one divide was mad-, when the ten left in took £5 each, and the b-lanoe, including tho trophy, will be shot for this morning. Mr T. Drury, of Melbourne, mads an efficient r-ferss. A young min named Henry Girbntt, who was oalled on to appear at the City Court yesterday, to answer a oharge nf unlawfully assaulting a Child, failed to appear, and on the application of Serge-nt Bigg*, the usnoh, Messrs Coltman and Whykee, J.P., issued a warrant for hie arrest. Garbntt wse arrested later in the day by Constable Rise, and lodged in the Ci*y watohhon'a. Ha will appear this morning at the City Court. An enjoyable gathering of the officers of the Ballarat Battalion Infantry Brigade waa held lset night nt thu Orderly Room, on ths oooaaion nf a presentation being made to Oap tnin Liidiaw, on his retiring' from the aotive list. Colonel Williams, in presenting the gnest nf the evnning with an elegant tan'.aine on behalf of ths officers, -highly enlngieed Captain Laidlaw’a gervioeg in the battalion, and referred to the prominent part taken by that officer in bringing tbe battalion to a state of efficiency, whioh wee generally recognised all over tha • colony. He said that Captain Laidlaw waa a pattern for the younger officers of the battalion to follow, and although he waa not on the active list now, it.wan a matter for congratulation that he would bo placed bn the retired list, and UiiiSeforA Lie connbolipn with them would not beslavered. Liidlaw appropriately responded, and tUu'dad to hit 21 year*’ service with pleasure. CHe was aorry that ;ihe wag obliged toebetairi irotn notive work in'the battalion, owing 'to bia not being ab'fittedl for long msrabasand other ardnoaa dntiee-'asbe waa formerly. He had been offered .'the command of the sth Battalion of Cadeti,'and he'thought he-wonld acoapt that position,'and ■end efficient raoruite to hia old battalion. -A number of vooal and elocutionary items wars given, and several toasts were honored. On Thursday next, 30tb inst., farmers and others interested will hava the'opportunity of seeing the Qo»ker seed-drill atwork on the farm of Hr P. Donovan, Learmontb. The drill is a vast improvement on last season's,-and in various trials lately has oalled forth the warmest admiration of farmers at the olean, rapid, nnd easy manner in which it sows all kinds of grain and manure. The numerous improvements embodied in this drill must be eeen to be appreciated. At Beaufort this week it was awarded first prize at the local show, and the week previous, in the same dis trict, one of the centres of agriculture, several drills were sold on the spot after the farmers had witnessed a trial. The Ballarat Hardware Company are lbs importers, nnd they will be planned to give all particulars to intending buyers, As an idea of the interest taken in the Ballarat Cup, we might mention that the Tat'ersall’s sweep on that event, with n stake of £2OO, attracted about 30,000 subscribers, whilst the Australian Cup, with a stake of as many thousands, only attracted some 18,000 applications for tioksts. A large proportion of the tickets on the Ballarat Cnp are held in the district, whioh mast have an effect on the attendance to day. Elizabeth Nanoarrow, n woman 81 years of age, was. presented at the City Court yester day under pecnliarly distressing oircnm stances. Constable Stallard said that th* un fortunate woman bad given herself np to him, staticg that she possessed no home. She had been living with a MrsGrnbb.bat this lady waa no relation. She had made application to the sen and daughter of Mre Nanoarrow, who lived at Mount Pleasant, to take their mother in, but they refused to have anything to do with her. They were in fair circum stances, and in a- position to keep their mother. Mrs Ornbb said that the old lady come to her plaoe so helpless nnd weak from exhaustion and old age that she took her :n out of obarity. Sergeant Biggs said that nnfnrtnnately be annld not bring the aon bafor« the oourt. Mr Coltman, who with Mr Whykes, J.P., presided, deoided to remand tha old lady for a week in order to give the relations a obanne of saying whether they will support her. Sereeant Biggs— 11 Bat they h ive refused.” Mr Coltman, J.P. —” Now that it is a matter or notoriety they might do something for their mother. If not, an ap plication can be made to the Benevolent Asylnm Committee next Monday, and tbs old lady would be admitted there.” In the mean time aha was remanded to the gaol in order that she might be oared for. We are informed that the Churob of Eng land Assembly for this diooese is to hold its annual session on'Tuesday, Ist May, and following days. Tils following items appear in the last iesne of the Police Gazette : Bride Sanderson, Reform Club hotel, Lyons street, Ballarat, reports stolen from her dwelling on the 11th inst., a lady’s gold keeper ring, vnlne .£1 10s. James Qiaeeon is charged on warrant with using insulting words to Georgs Mark O’Far rell, cabman, Viotoria street, Ballarat East, on 11th nit. Lanrsnoe Phelan, hay and corn merchant, Eureka street, Ballarat East, re ports stolen nt Coghlan’s Sale Yards, Dovetnn street, Ballarat, on the 18th inst., a horse collar and a pair of new ham°s, valna £l. Robert Stewart Evans, bookbinder, 63 Main street, Ballarat East, reports stolon from his dwelling, between the 7th and 17th inst., a lady’s gold attain and 10< 2d, value £2 10a 2d. Mosers Williams Bros,, dairymen, Wendonraa, report stolen at Wendenres, on the night of the Btb inst., a heavy drangbt bay mare, value £9. John Bnod, farm laborer, Learmontb, reports stolen from him nt Ballarat, on the ll'h inst., a silver banting lover watch, value £6. Mayor Elliott and Cr Shoppe", daring their recent visit to Melhonrne, waited on the Deputy Postmaster- General, nnd urged on him the necessity for carrying out the long promised alterations to tha Post.offiaa steps. Although no definite promise was given, the aonno'dlnra were given to understand that the money for the work will be plaoed upon the supplementary estimates, and that tha delay in carrying nut the work will now be only-a short one. A lottsr has been received by the City Connoil from Mr F. N. Stevens, saaretnry of the Country Fire Brigades’ Board, thanking the City Connoil for granting the nss of the Town Hall on Wednesday next for the purpose of holding an enquiry into the oironmatances ennneoted with tha'reoent fatal firs in L icit avanna, Mr Stevens adds in his letter:— " Withroferenos to your request that tha on ?niry may be opened to the pnblio and press, desire to state that it was never intended or even suggested .by the board that the enquiry should bn held with olosed doors.” Mr M. O'ShAnnossy, the well known dog fancier, of Mair street, soored a very marked eneoess at tha Beaufort ehow on Wednesday. Taking eight doge for exhibition, he carried off eight first prizes; The winners wars—Mr R. Dodd’s greyhound «Int, Mr A. Greenfield’s Irish terrier. Miss Cirver’s black and tan rough aoated collie, Miss R-nnie’a hlack and tan emoeth ooated collie, Mr C. Snffreo’s toy terrier, an Australian terrier, Sootoh terrier, and usable coated collie. On Wednesday night a very sudden death oooored at Barriuga, the viotim being Mrs Ls Page, mother'of Mr David La Page, a well known mining man. Mrs La Page happened to be ont of the house at the time tbs thunderstorm was raging, and beinr of a nervous temperament, received ' a severe fright. She had hardly re-entered the hones when she fell upon the floor, and whan the members of her family rushed to her assistance ■he was found to be deed. Tbs matter has been rsportod to the ooroeer. We are sorry to learn that Mr F. T. Kieroa, the well known trnveller forß. M Goodfellow, and seoretary of the Catholio Young Men’s Sooiety and St. Pttrick’s D«y Festival, is at present laid hp with a bad attack of throat oomplaint. Under the oare of Dr Cnssan he is improving, bat it will be some time before he can leave hie room. A temporary liasnsa was yesterday granted to R. Chinnery to oarry on a pnblioan'e booth at the Ballarat Tnrf Club races to-day and to morrow. A valediotory tea and enhiio meeting w-re held last night at the N-il street Wesleyan Sunday school Hall in oonneotion with the approaching departure of tha R-vs. W. Bur ridge and S. T. Withington from their respec tive congregations at the N«il street and Barkly street Wesleyan Chnrohes. Tbs former has been appointed to n oharga at Sonth Malbourn-, and tha latter intends to take a trip to England. The esteem in whioh these gentlemen are held in Ballarat waa mani fested in the very large attendance, the cor diality shown to the ministers, and the gen«ral income of the gathering. No less than 23S sat down to an enjoyable tea, presided over by Mesdamea Wasley, Cutts, Cornell, Athsr’«n, Nettle, - Blythe, Dnnatsn, King, Dally, Fin layspn, Hiok-, Clark,- Embling. and Mies Angwin. The tables were tastefully deaerated by the ladies. The pnblio meeting, held after wards, was very largely attended, tha o*paoi’y of the hall being taxed to its utmost. Mr John Nettle presided, and he, together with Masers T. W. Clark, R. F. Bryant, J. Blyth, J. G. Lingham, and J. Stringer addressed the meeting in r-ferenue to the valuable services rendered by the two gentlemen daring their reepeotivo ministries in this distriot. Tbs best wishes were expressed for their fntare welfare, and snooese in helping forward the church and Chriatianity generally. Both gentlemen re sponded appropriately. Daring the evening solos were rendered by Miss Divis and Messrs Davis and Niobnll, and dnets hy Mieses Nettle nnd Miss and Mr Davis. Miss Dally noted as noonmpnnist. To-day, at tha ” Cap” meeting, olose on 40 man ore engaged for dnty at gates and fences, and half a dozen mounted police and a like number of constables have been applied for to assist in preventing crashing at tbegAtea and atopping interlopers. Any person fonnd tres passing on the aonrse, which is private pro perty, will be summarily dealt with. Tha Dana street lecture hall was well filled last, night, when Mr D. J. Montagna, Mns. F.G.C.M., gave an entertaining lectnrette on “ Tha voioe an a musical instrument.” Mr D. J. Wheal presided. The leaturntts was not only entertaining, but highly ns»fal from an ednaationai standpoint, for Mr Montague gave his hearers practical illustration- of the forma tion of the various organs used io the produc tion of mnsinel aonnds, and also the methods used for prodnoing snob sounds, and of tbs best way of doing so with the least etrein on the vocal chords. The management of the breath ing organs, so often at fault even with some of the best singers, was tonohod upon, and at the conclusion of the lectors, whioh was illustrated by saveral vooal selections, a hearty vote of thanks was tandnrrd Montagna, on •he motion of Mr Mark, seconded by Mr Mallen. An application for the. pnsaessinu of pro perty at Warrenheip was in*de at tha Town Court yesterday by Manrioa.Riordan against Miohael and Patriak M-oMahon. An affidavit was produced, showing that the defendants, who did not appear, had onnaented to the order being made. The. bnnoh granted the application and ordered a warrant to issno in ■even days in the event of Don-compiiance with the order. The last night parade of the Billarat Battalion Infantry Brigade prior to the Hester Encampment at Langwarrin, was held last night, when the battalion, of whioh there was a good master, waa drilled by Colonel Williams. The men, marched np and down Start itrMtiihaaded ftijr-'tha Battalion v ßand, 1 and ware pat, through some nsafal work. The final, parada bafora leaving for.l-Lanfwarrin will.-he bald at tbs Crdsflyßosna. Tba advance party;'consisting of 'two dfioera and fiffy- threa non-commis sioned officers and men.undar tb*. nommand of Lieutenant Sanar, will-leave onWednesday ! morning nazt for tba camp by iha express, and the reat of ths battalion will parada at 8 p.m. I at the Orderly Room on 'next Thursday, in j order to leave by the . 8.50 train for Lang- -j warrin. It has baen deoided, aa waa expaoted, that Watchhonsa-ksspsr Clifford shall ba aent to New Zealand to bring back the prisoner. Jamas Mitchell, who has baen arrested at Auokland on a obarga of unlawfully assaalting a girl at Ballarat East. Clifford will probably leave on'Ssturday. Avery practical address upon the question, “ la selfishness essential to tba fatura welfare of Australia ?” waa given by Mr R. T. Yale, ML. A., at the meeting of'tha South Btreet Debating Sooiety last night. There waa- a good attendance of members, and. the leotnre raised an animated discussion, mainly upon tha question of the advisability of restricting alien immigration. A report of tha proceed ings will ba found in another oolamn. The Catbedral branoh of the Girl’s Friendly Society, mat at the society’s room, Lvdiard street, yesterday evoning, when Mrs Thorn ton gave an interesting addrees on society matters. Notifications hare already been reooived from tha Town Council of Geelong and the Borough of Newtown and Chilwell to . the effeot that Cr Grey will represent the former oonncil and the mayor of Newtown and Chil wall the latter at tha conference concerning the proposed railway to Mildura, to be held at the City Hall to- night. The offices at tha City Hall will be dosed this afternoon, in consequence of the Cup meeting at Dowling Forest arranged by the Ballarat Turf Club. The sale of work in connection with the circuit fund Wat continued at tha Bible Christian Schoolroom, Armstrong street, last night, whan there was a good attendana-*, and the various tastefully ■ arranged tables, pre sid'd over by the ladies of the congregation, were well patronised. Tha Rsv. P. E. Msllalieu gave an ininrssting lantern entertainment. Songs were rendered by Mrs Sheridan and tha Rev. Mr Msllalieu, and Mr George Wollaston gave several selections entitled “ Fairy bells.” Ail interesting lecture ou “Tha Scottish Covenanters ” was given in St. Paul’s School room, Ballarat East, last night, by the Yen. Archdeacon Tnofcer, and was mnch appre ciated by a large audience. Avery satisfactory collection was taken np in aid of the churob fund. Mr T.-.K. Jones, of 34 Lydiard street south, has been appointed chief agont for Ballarat and district for the State Fire Insnrance Com pany, Limited, whose heed offices are in Liverpool. Tha anthorised capital of the oompany is £1,000,000, of which £70,000 is paid np. 'The report of the direotera sub mitted to 'the shareholders-• at the seventh animal meeting, held in Maroh last, showed tbat the affairs of tbs company were in a most prnspßrons state, and that the business for the previous year resulted in a oradit-balance of £9615 12s 7d, ont of which £3500 was paid »s a dividend at tha rate of 5 per cent: Mr Jones is authorised to aooept town and coun try risks at tariff rates on behalf of tbs oompany. , The following accident cases were treated at the'Hospital yesterday John Hamilton, a yonth living in Rowe street; ont leg, csnsed by the slipping of an axe. Joseph Smith, a . yonng man living at Bangaree, oat thamb, caused by tbs slipping of a knife whilst he was killing a oalf. Lee Tow, living in. Main road; sprained ankle, the result of a fall of earth in a mine. The Rlondyke Conoert Company gave their final performance in the Mechanics’ Institute last night, when the pictures of the frozen gold fields were loudly applauded. Miss Da Vere’a songs and dancss, ns well as her violin playing were well reooived. Mr Matlock sang several songs oapitally, and Miss Whorlow officiated capably as pianists. An inadvertent-omission was made in the paragraph in yesterday’s issue relative to the induction oharge by the Bishop of Ballarat (Dr ' Thornton), whioh has been -. published in pamphlet farm for sale. The oooasinn on which the ohargo was delivered was the in stallation of the bishop’s son—tbs Rsv. H. S. iR. Thornton—«• inoambent of St. John’s ' Churcb, Colao, Victoria. 