BNQLX8H TBLEdBAMB. IiONDONi Mfttoh 24. . | The American Government have submitted propoaala to Lord Salisbury for the settlement of tna Alaskan boundary difficulty. Oriohtt reports that Mr. A. E. Stoddart baa j decided to retire from flrat-olaaa cricket. Claude Vautin, consulting metallurgist and direotor of mining companies, London, baa been Dommltted for trial on a oharga of defrauding stockbrokers of earns amounting to £20,000. Vioe-Ghanoellor Hall at Liverpool has held ' that the oonvictlon of Lieutenant Wark for oompliolty in the death of MiBB Yea tea through an illegal operation, was insufficient to debar him from benefiting uuder the victim's will. The Vice-Chancellor expressed the opinion that j the faot of murder must bo proved. The issue 1 is likely to be tried at the nest aaaizea. Bidding was again brisk at the conclusion of the wool sales to-day. The quantity catalogued > daring the series »&s; 174,000. The competition «M strong and general for all olassea, except lot low oroasbreds, The prioes realized were lha best of the aeries, Tha Bradford wool market ia firm. Bradford tops, oommoB sixties, are quoted at 20&d; per Ibi and Bradford tops, 6uper sixties, at 21|d. per lb. Colonial batter ia quoted at 98s. to 100i.f and Danish at 112*, Australian rabbits are firm at 8Jd. The wheat markets are recovering! but there is Bmall enquiry for cargoes. Mr. Rhodes proposes to forthwith ask the Brituh Government if they will guarantee interest oa the Tanganyika section of tha pro Trans-African railway, Should they refuse he proposes to consult the Sauth African Char tered Company. Tho Under-Secretary to the Minister of Works in Egypt, after spending eight weeks in tha Soudan and thoroughly examining the oonntry, has oome to tha conclusion that the Eossession of the Soudan beyond Kartoum will a of uo practical advantage to capitalists. Six batterieB of the newest guns are to be ?tationed at Calais, and tha authorities in jfranoe are showing a feverish anxiety to arm ill the new defenoe works along the Channel ooaat, Qlr Alfred Kirby, Mr. Arthur Kirby, and Mr. M. J. Clifford, aireotors of the Coolgardie Mint and IroaKingGoldmlningCompany. have been committed for trial on the ahargas of con. ?piracy and false prelenoes, brought at the Instance of tba liquidator. Providing £90,000 is otherwise subscribed within a year a gentleman who does not desire hit name to bo divulged has offered £25,000 towards the proposed University at Binning, bam, thus raiding tho total to £250,000. Oa account of the famine ia Russia the BMSMltB bave in some cases been reduced to (be necessity of eating bran and chopped .tt*w, Typhus and sourvy are raging in the fatnine-sttioken diatriQts, In Samara, in Soath'Eaatem Haeaia, no fewer then 71,000 peasant! are in a state of absolute destitution, MacoU 25. Seveial blue Jackets from the British oruieer VeBUS were oa shore at Villefrauohe, In the loath of Fraaae, when they came into collision with a camber of Fcenoh sailors, and daring the encounter twelve of the latter were injured. Their ooauadoa retaliated, and, being out numbered tha bluejaoketa were forced to retire, and several of them bad to take to the water, and swim off to thBlr ship, A negro murdered a planter at Arkansas, Ametioa, and the infuriated residents of the town formed a party and promptly lynohed tha man. Bis other negroes, who were sup posed to be conoarned in the orime, were aimi< Jarly treated. The negro population of Little cook are threatening to retaliate. At Yazoo, a town altaated on tha Mississippi, three negroea have been lynohed for attempting to instigate a raolal teonble. The Bulgarian Government have demanded that the Porto shall punish the Turkish polioo who reoently murdered a Bulgarian prisoner, Md they also protest strongly against other outrages which have been committed by the {Puckish soldiers. D> and W, Murray. Limited, are increasing their capital to £650,000, in order to acquire the business of L. Stevenson and SonB, Li mi tod> of Melbourne, and Messrs. Scott, Dawson, ftUd Stewart, of Brisbane. The Lord Mayor of Manchester, yesterday Informed the Agent General of Victoria, that there was a keen desire in Manchester for the nneniuK up of a direot trade with Australia. The second reading of the .London Local Government Bill has been oarried. President Kruger stated in a speeoh yester day that he was willing to oonoede small re forms to the Uitlandew, but ha would not budge far anyone where the independanoe of the Transvaal was concerned. The Fourneau-Lamy mission, whioh has been endeavoring to exteud Frenoh authority in West Afrioa, has lost 100 men. mostly natives, in repelling attaoks by hostile tribes men The report is doubted in France. The mission has established itself oloae to one of the laoea in the Touat group. Several deaths have ooourred in the London streets from Byncope brought on by the aevere C°The Liverpool Grand National Steeplechase, of 2,600 so vs., was won by Mr. J. G. Gultael s Manifesto, 12.7. Ford-of-Fyne and Elliman filled tho places. Two PAth&na; have been arrested at Lundi Kotal. in the Punjab, and oharged with the murdor of Lieutenant-Colonel Edward Henry La Marchanl, of the 1st Battalion of the Hampshire Regiment. The case brought against a dealer in Oarditt for selling butter containing more than the proper admixture of preservative, has been *^Tlfe ^negotiations entered into between Great Britain and Russia with regard to Chinese territory now indicate a satisfactory OonolUBion to the difficulty. The Russian Gov. ernment are showing signs of yielding with teference to the loan by the Hongkong and Shanghai Bank of £2,500,000 to China for the purpoBBB of the Neuohwaug railway, and it is believed that they will acquire territory else where aa compensation. . Offing to a fall of the waters of the Nile a British, gunboat has been imprisoned in the locality now occupied by the Khalifa and his followers. It ia believed, however, that the Khalifa will be afraid to make any attempt to molest those on board the gunboat, Tha epldemio of influenza ia raging in FeriSt Berlin, and New York, and in each of these «Uiea the supply of quinine is short, owing, it ia asserted, to a oorner in this drug in London. The Canadian Government have make ar rangements for settling another 4,000 boukhobortsl immigrants, who have been ?xiled from Russia oa aooount of their refusal, motor to a fond to assist them in th&i;* JouiQGJ v;to 0anada, where each man will reoelve ft ? l»af pt »0fes' 