FEDERATION. NEW SOUTH WALES CAMPAIGN. LMiR. REID IN TH'E NORTH'EiRN DISTRICTS. THE FEDBRfAIL ORGANISATION. (By Telegraph fiom Our Correspondent.) SYÜNIEY, June G. Mr. ítaid and othtSr leading fuderalists ex- press the opinion that thdlr opponents have played their cards hadly. Dr. MiacLaunn's alarming estiiraiatete were tht«lr trump card, but they dlsclosad it so early that time- has toeeai given to the federalists to qultt dis- count 'Dr. MaoLaurhi's conclusions. Now, according to Mr. Reid, the prophets Mac Laurin, Pitcher, and Dlfclbs are preaching to a stiff-necked pdoplei. Thfli Premier, during tlie couree of nil interview at Ulmaira to-day, said that t<lgbty out of the 125 members of the Legislaiti've A&stsnbly; wert lighting for tho Commonweal Mi Bill actively, not only in. thdir own constituen- cies, tout -in those rapresentad by avowed opponents of union. A louai coni'mlttep lias been, appointed to work for union In almost every hamldt and village in the colony, and stops are btírag taiken that at every one of the 1400 polling-places dn rfhej colony an appeal will be made to ;he electors before ref«rendtrm day arrives. So completely has itha organisation of the federal party beca anraiuge/ü, that vofhicles will bo provided on the polling-day to take votors to the polling booths, jiràt as if an ordinary political con- test werei beling earnied on. Mr. Reid, who addressed a meeting of 2000 people at Grafton last night, when a vote in favour of union was carried almost unanimously, spoke at Ulmarra to- day to a most cordial medbi-ng. ANTI-CONVENTION BILL MEETING. AT HTHIB FOlKEBITIBRS' HALL», VALLEY. iSPEIEOHES BY MESSKS. GROOM AND UN'MiACK. IA meeting viias held ia the Foresters' Hall, Fortitude Valley, last night, in opposition to the Commoniwe'alith Bill. The hall was well filled. The spealcers announced were the Hon. A. C. Gregory, M.L.C., Mr. W. H. Groom, M.L.A., ariíl Mr. T. Unmack. The [Mayor of Brisbane (Alderman W. A. Seal) occupied the chlair, and there were on the platform, aimongst others, the Hon. J. M'-Maslter, IM.LJC., Messrs. D. Keogh, and J. D. Campbell, MM.IL.A., Aldermen MTia1») and Proo, Mosers. J. J. Kingsbury, N. SUps iford, G. Grimes, Dr. J. Thomson, N. MTOer mcit't, H. V. Hewitt, and H. Burton (secre- tary to the AntWConven'tion Bill League). The Chairman said that he had takm the dhalr at the request of the A-ntl-Oon vontlon Bill League. Federation -was a bl? question. They had heard much of both ?federation and anitl-iederatlon, hut could not hear too much of It. He then intro- duced Mr. Groom, who was received with warm applause. IMr. Groom galla 'he had hoon asked to ad dross the medtln_ on federation, how it would affect the part of the colony he re- presented In Parl'l-men't, and how. Indi- rectly, It would affect the whole of the colony In cominan wlltih the Darling Downs. He readily acceeded to that request, as he held the opinion ith'alt the people of Queens- land as a whole woufld he called on to jud;:e of as momentous a question as any on which they had ever hald to record their votes. It was necessary t'hait the question should be put before the people in both its aspects, so tlhat they might form an Intelligent opinion. AJflter forty year3 of public life, ho thought he might speak on such a ques- tion. He wa3 present in 1&58 and 1859 when ¡t!he Ibafctle of separation was fought ; he saw the arrival of tlhe first Governor, and saw the rejoicing of the people, and the action of Parliament Which set the 10th of Decem- ber apart in pevpeftulty to be commem- orated as the date on which they had altltained their political freedom. Havens seen ühiat political freedom attained, and having helped to .malee Queensland what it is, he said that w_on Ithey were called on to sacrifice theilr birthright, and give up ithoso privileges, 'he h_d the right to appeir before t'hem and ask them whether they would be wise to do this thing. He de- sired that tlhe question should be discussed apart from party politics. He believed that nine-<tenlt)h3 of them did not properly esti malte tho maJgni¢ territory which they called Queensland. (Cheers.) In no part of Australia could they find country to equal it. Tho _ari¡¡n_ Downs had gradually dawned on the people of Queensland, and had been made a great avenue of trade. He un'he's'llfcalt'ingly 6ald «that it was the garden of Australia. "When Sir Thomas M'tohell lirst saw tlhe Down's ho salid : " You may lind another Australia, but not another Dar- ling Downs." (Cheers.) yet the Darling Downs were but as a drop lu a 'bucket. In Cenitral Queensland there were millions of acres like it, and, with railways, would j provide homes for millions of pscple. Had tthe people of Brl?b_ne ¡berni alivie to ithelr own Interests, there ! would bo a train leaving Charters Towers for Brisbane every day, and a train from Brtsfbane to Charters Towers. Then t'here would have been no cry for separation. They had allowed the Noritihern trade to slip away to Sydney and Melbourne, while 'they were conaidertng tho great ideas of politicians. They wanted tho railways in- stead of the waterways, and if ttiey had the system of which he spoke Queensland would have now a population of 2,000,000. In New South Wales all t'he railways concenltrated fo Sydney ; in Victoria they concentrated to Melbourne ; in England, to London. It waa i said of old that all roads led to Rome, and in this colony all the great arteries of the country should have converged t» the metro- polis. Bu't here their trade had gone from 'them-gone to Melbourne- tod If they looked at the names of the owners of the runs 'they would find that seven-'ten'tihs of thean were in the hands of financial institutions of the other colonies. Dook at the Importa of five millions, and look at the exporte of ten m'fl lions. Reason that out, and 'tiley would see that if the value of the products was spent in Queensland ¡t would be the most prosperous country in the world ; bu't the great surplus of exports over imports went to other countries, and supplied them with capital. Since the Land Commission of 1S97 he saw that the time w.13 within roach at practical politics when an absentee tax should be imposed when the Treasurer wanted revenue. He mentionekl that to ¡bring to them certain things. Who were the advocates of federation ? (A Voice : "Sensible men.") He agreed that t'hey were sensible men, which Queensland would lind out if they accomplish«! their object. The movement started in Victoria, where an irow wall of protection was placed around the colony to assist In the estalblishment of industries. They would not let a ton of Hour in without a duty of £5 per ton. Air. Kingsbury : That is what the Darling Downs wants to do. Mr. GTOOTO said he would let Mr. Kings- bury know what the Darliug Downs wauted .to do. The Government of Victoria even .won't so far as to give large bonuses to the manufacturers of agricultural implements similar to (hose of America and Canada, 'in one year they gave a bonus of _3M),000 towards agriculture, and last year, in antici- pation of the Commonwealth Bill, some £100,000 was voted for the promotion of agriculture during the current year. With all these helps to the encouragement of agri- culture, and with the high protective tariff throughout its territory, could they wonder for a m'omerut that Victoria had attained the position she had, and was now willing to knock down its tariff harriera and ask Queens- land to open Its doors ? A mem'ber of Par- liament had remarked to him that day tlhat he had heard they were going to have two million bushels of wheat on the Down». That was reckoning on chickens betfOre they were batched somewhat, seeing that in many places the wheat had not even been sown yet. He only wished they might secure a harvest"*of two million bushels. They bad not In Queensland at the present time under cultivation one million acres altogether, not- withstanding they had upwtands of 100,000 iwres under sugar. Victoria on the other mind had 2,740,000 acres under cultivation. V4r. Kingsbury : What is the average pro- duction per acre t Mr. Groom replied that ho could not under take to answer questions 'in the midst of his speech, but would do so afterwards. Mr. Kingsbury thereupon got up and left the room, amid ironical cries of " Good-bye." Mr. Groom, continuing, said that out of that enormous area under cultivation, Vic- toria had no less than 1,037,000 acres under wheat, and was able to produce last year twelve million bushels, which was sufficient not only to supply Australia but to enable them to export largely to other countries. Supposing, for argument's sake, that we did got two m'lllion bushels oí wheat in Queens- land, It would still pay the Victorian's better to send their surplus io this colony than to the uncertain markets of Europe. A Voleo : What about the grand country you speak of ? ?Mr. Groom : Let him tell the man who talked about the grand country that ¡t was only within the last two years (since the passing of the Agricultural Lands Repur- chase Act) that it had ceased to produce only sheep, aad had begun to support human beings as well. Victoria, however, had been encouraging all tho different branches of agriculture by bonuses and in other ways. The result was she had gone ahead of almost every other colony in the Empire. Last year she had produced 34,361,0001b. of butter, being thus able not only to supply the colonies but to compete against Danish butter in the home markets. The reason why he mentioned these things was that while we ia Queensland had been engaged in Parliament with grand schemes like the Transcontinental Railway, we had beeu for- getting to make the best of the land we were in, and to do the best for the people upon it. For years he had advocated the pur- chase of those grand agricultural Downs, and the throwing of them open for settlement, but it was only within the last year or so that Parliament had begun to see the wisdom of it. He would say this, in reply to the gentleman who had made that remark about the grand country, that this colony-he was referring now more particularly to sugar-did not receive ? anything like a fair start until the year 1870. Prior to that year squatterdom was in tho ascendency, and if thev allowed a man the privilege of taking up "five or ten acres of land they thought they had treated him very liberally. The idea of giving a selector a proper area to settlo upon was not thought of until throe men-namely, the late Mr. James Mor- gan, of Warwick, Mr. Patrick O'sullivan, of Ipswich, and his humble self, took the question up In 18SS. The result was that, instead of possessing only ton or fifteen acres, and having toi feed the Ups he loved on borrowed bread, the selector could take up 1G0 acres of land. (Applause.) Mr. Groom next briefly traced the history of the present Queensland land laws, and made frequent reference to the introduc- tion of the protective tariff by Sir Thomas Mcilwraith, which he declared had been ab- solutely essential to start the manufactur- ing Industries of (Brisbane and other towns. He remarked thait if they were to surren- der the rights and privileges they had se- cured for their own advantage by means of this local protection they would have themselves to blame for the Ill-effects that -would follow. At Roma Mr. Samuel Bas- sett had written a letter to the "Western Star," p'ointlng out that the wine-growing industry in Queensland would be ruined by federation. It took years to establish that industry, and the other colonies had got a great start of Queensland. Living in the district where thousands of farmers had had to go out and put up with privations, he knew that it would be years before they could be repaid for what they had done The day of sentiment had gone, and they must look at things in a practical way. 'The cry was that they wanted popula- tion, but to get that they must make the place attractive. All history showed that the population would flow to wherever wealth and labour were. Queensland had spent £3,500,000 on Immigration, whieh chiefly benelited New South Wales. We had Induced Southern farmers to come here to take up the repurchased lands, and some of these men had lost their first year's crop, and in the case of Headington Hill it was found, by a Parliamentary return, that thoy were all in arrears to the Go- vernment. What would be their position if the protection Imposed by Parliament vías taken, away ? (Cheers.) _ Queens- land was one ol the youngest colonies of the group, and people had looked to the protective tariff 'to strengthen their Indus- tries. Were they now going to shatter them to ruin ? The Federal Government would first take- their Custom-house, and then their railways. They had estab- lished lines from every little port lending to nowhere, and they were a constant drain on the taxpayer, yet it took two thirds of the total revenue to pay the cur- rent cost of the lines. At present if the Treasurer wanted revenue he could go to the Custom-house, but he would not be able to do that under federation. Ile -would have to fall back on direct taxa- tion. Dr. IMacLaurln, In Sydn.-y, Irul proved conclusively that the result of that taxation would be £2 ,4s. per head on every man, woman, and child to meet th«» deficiencies in connection with the federal tariff, in addition to the extra taxation i necessary through the surrender oC tbo I Customs. It was said that the Federal Government would not take all the taxa I tion, but after forty years' experience of public lifo he knew that when once a Trea- surer got money It was difficult to get it back. A business man went to Sydney ito find out public opinion there. He found the federalists issuing this to the working men : " Work for federation, and a new federal city at a cost of five millions." With a new federal city at that cost, where would the surplus of Customs revenue come in ? Representing, as he did, an agncul j tural community, he was in duty bound to : look after its welfare. He thought that in considering such a vital question a3 fedcra I tion no class should be misled in reference j to it, but all ought to consider it intclli ' gently in all its phases. He had said it roany times, and would say it again, that federation would be the ruin of Queens- land. To confirm this idea he had tin? opinion of men engaged in several indus- tries, who knew what they wero talking about, and realised absolutely and correctly the result if federation were carried hilo effect. If he had given them any new ideas or facts on the subject he would be glad. Ile could only tell them, ¡n con- clusion, by all they held dear on. earth and sacred in heaven that when the time came if they were of opinion that the hill was diametrically opposed to their bes,t inter- ests and the interests of the colony they should reject it. (Loud cheers.) Mr. UNMACK, who next addressed the meeting, said he had been requested to do so by the Anti-Convention Bill League. His reasons for doing so wore various, but chieily because it would give him nn op- portunity to contradict or reassert some statements he had made on a previous occa- sion. (Hear, hear.) Since he had spoken at the Centennial Hall about a month agu, many people possessed of the scribbling fever bad endeavoured to contradict his statements and to show that he was on the, wron« tack ; hut he did not consider that one of these critics had successfully opposed him. As he had said befoie, with the adop- tion of fcdeiution the cost ot government would be .C1 per head moie. They would be exposed to further taxation, and would have to endure u heavy outside tariff. Sir Samuel Griffith, In his recent excellent ad- dress, had referred to the financial position. Much' as he admired Sir Samtiri's great natural abilities, ¡tnd thoiiffh he deemed him Incapablp of wilfully mlErepteseiitlng any faces, still he could not agree with some of the conclusions ho had arrived at. (Hear, hear.) He would not venture to question Sir Samuel's authority in matters relating to the law ; but when he touched upon fin- ancial matters, he thought himself just as capable as he was. He considered himself quite as able-probably moro so-to arrive at a conclusion from a business point of view. Like an at-uny-prlce federationist. Sir Samuel had tried to prove too much. When he, read that federation would cost Queensland only £."0,000 per annum ho felt overjoyed, and read on, hoping to hear they wore making a profit out of it. (Laughter.) But their own Premier, Mr. Dickson, who had been to the latest conferences, and had been supplied with all the official facts and figures, freely admitted that the cost of the Federal Government^ us would be £100,000. That was one point where a correction ought to be made. Then again, Sir Samuel Grif- fith was wrong' in hlB statement about Hie loss In colonio.l duties. He had stated that In 1891 the duties collected on colo nial manufactures amotmfced to £1<KM>00« Since then the collection had become lees, because we had done less trade with tue other colonies. To begin with, Sir Samuel _ was wrong in saying £100,000, when.as a matter of fact the amount was £79,382 los. 3d. Those statistics he quoted were avail- . able to both of them. In 1893, which was the latest date at which the figures were made up in the Customs statistics form, the colonial manufactures' duties were ,£125,G21 10s. 2d. Since then the system of keeping accounts had been altered to en- rabie them to moko up the statistics in. an -easier form. He had, however, labore -ously gone through the returns, and, so fan as ha could make it oat, the amount col- lected was £160,000, which would be a loss to . . us. Sir Samuel estimated the total loss of ¿duties on colonial manufactures at from ,£700,000 to £800,000 for the whole of the .colonies. But, according to the statistics of financial experts, the loss would be one .of £1,250,000. Again, he had ridiculed the .«idea that wo should lose about £200,000 on account of our inability to collect duties I on foreign trade passing through the vari- ous colonies to us, because there was a clause in the 'bill providing that the colo .nies consuming the articles were to be credited. It would bo absolutely impos- sible to carry on such a system. (Hear, 'hear.) Even if any merchant were in- clined to comply with the law concerning .these duties he "could not do so, because it .would bo impossible to trace all the dif- ferent articles used in the manufactures ta .their source. The various articles made in a factory were so much split up that it .would bo impossible to tell how much ot them -carne through the other colonies. Then, they must remember that duties were only to be -Allowed on the cost price of an article, and a merchant was not likely to disclose the original cost of his goods ta I his customer through the Custom-house. It was, therefore, an absolute certainty, to his mind, that a very heavy loss would have to be Incurred on those duties, which were .utterly Impossible to collect. This loss would 'have to ho made up by our owni -Government. We should lose a quarter) ,of our Customs revenue - namely, .£330,000 ; we should lose £160,000 over the remission of intercolonial duties ; and, say^ £100,000 on account of inability to collect That was a sum total of between £500,00» and £000,000, which was equal to £1 pel" head of the population. Some people) argued that the £160,000 would not be lost, but saved to us. They made out that our consumers would be the gainers, but they would not, though tho middleman might he. A Voice : How so ? Mr. Unmade said thai suppose they; paid 13s. per ton less on potatoes, did any- one tell him that the purchaser of a few. vPounds would get them cheaper ? Or, If they got flour for £1 per ton less, did .any sane man wish to tell them that it would reduce the price of bread ? A Voice : What about Jtmtter and cheese ? Mr. Unmack : You will be swamped with butter and cheese from the other" colonies. A Voice : We will live on treacle. Mr. Uninlack said thiat was right ; they would have to live on treacle. He dJtí not argue as to what the cost of the Federal Government would be, but he wished to have a clear ideasof ft. Our revenue and ex- penditure about balanced now, and whatfr ever amount we had to surrender oirt of our revenue must be made up by our paymentf of the balance to the Treasurer. That did not bring us 'to the cost o£ the Federal Go- vernment, which would be a great deal more than people .thought. The speeches of Messrs. Barton and Deakin were splenüld from an oratlical point of view A Voice : The organ was better. . > Mr. UnniSek said so it was, but they forgot to play the Dead March. (Laugihter.) Messrs. Barton and Deakin would go away and tell 'their friends that no people here were op- posed to federation. . A Volco : They are not so ea&ily; hood- winked as you are. Mr. Unmaok asked, when the enthusraam was gone and they sat down to road the speeches, did they und one thing hod been told to them which wöuM show the good Queensland might expect from federttäton, except that sentimen't whSch lawyers ware so well) able to go into ? No one present had ever said that Messrs. Barton ana Deakin showeVl them one advantage, for Queensland. Mr. Dealcm had said that ha preferred the sentimen't of brotherly love and loyalty and trust rather than the senti- ment of provindüalisía-'tfhe sentiment of envy, jealousy, and fear. So .would they all, 'but the expression of the preference canrb with an exceedingly Wl grace from one who In Victoria had been the must keen to secure advantages for his own colony, [ and having secured theta he recbn_nen_ed brotherly love and trust. " Why don't tbsy trust us ?" asked Mr. Unmfadk. (Cheers.) j He looked on it as nothfrtg less than wfoat was ordinarily called tiae confidence tríele. That meant a little for jil concerned except the man with the monny. They did not want any tratet, but they wanted to be freely and favouraoly considered with others in case of any slip 'twixt the cup ami the ISp. They wanted a concession similar to that which Victoria had got. The nest thing: Mr. IB&rfcon; allegad against hiim was that _e knew nothing of federation. Well, he would. I not stand up to speak unlessi ho had a fair knowledge of it. Me had said that he pre- ferred to have a union wrth one Parliament | and one Government. He had reasoned it out, and now thought Mr. Barton's system, moro perfect ; but he preferred the less perfect, and would lalee his chance of justice. Mr. Barton _ad spoken in favour of inter- colonial free-trade, and he hoped that any of them who wero employed in tho factories or other works would listen to this : Mr. Barton said that, under intercolonial free trade, the industries were prosperous, and tho»« industries which couldn't live without Government support must take a. back seat. 'Did thoy remember that Victoria and New South Wales wore so fully equipped m their industries that beside tbem Queensland would have to take a hack seat ? Do away with I the tariff, and Queensland would become the dumping-ground for the agricultural produce of the Southern colonies, which they could. not eell elsewhere. Tiiero was an article in Saturday's " Courier" showing the exports and Imports of maize, but owing to low prices locally the export of maire had been compulsory. A good market olfered in Lon- don, while the matoo was here down to lOd. to Is. per bushel. According to the figures given, however, the value of the maize ex- ported was 2s. 6'/£d. per bushel, while the value of that imported was 3s. 3%d. per bushel. In addition to that, there was the duty of 8d. per bushel. The statement showed that we wero not in a position to supply ourselves. No less than 0,713,060 busihols of maize were produced in Now South Wales. We only produced S0O.000 bushells : but our average was only 251/_ against 3_ bushels per acre for 'New South Wales. While Messrs. Barton and Deakin bad eo easily advocated the doing away with the bordor duties, they had Veen stumping Vic- toria and New South Wales, saying to the farmers, " You will have Queensland markets opon to you, and you will get rid of your stuff there." (Hear, hear.) That statement had been repeated over and over again, another question that waa important was the grow- ing of (barley for malting purposes. T_ere> were two maltthig-bouees at Toowoomba. Only lately a large new one bad been erected at groat expense. These nuiU lK>use3 haid been arectod In full faith of the protect'lvo tariff of 4s. Gd. per bushel. If that were removed, the ma-t-höuseis migflt as well be used as barns. Then take the wine Industry- ""ow were our poor wine- growers going to compoto against those oí Victoria and South Australia ? Victoria. produced 2,820,-52 gaHons, and South Aus- tralia 1,083,000 gallons, aeaS-st QueenBlawd ß «07 000 gallons. Mow could they possibly etond n'pnlnst tho Sout-crn. colonies when. the duty was taken oh' ? Masare. Barton, and Deakin coolly advocate- the abolition of those duties, which bad done so muck for .«out- Australia anil Victoria, that they had arrived at a -tate of giut. They were [ »ot only able to supply their own co_sump tlon but were bound to seek outside markets s or ötop produo-on. These two gentle- men must Have laughed up tlheir slooveo to see people ui Queensüa«- swallow wtoat thev had told thara. Since, ho had been chairman of the Anö- Oonvontion BH1 lx_siie many manufacturers had oonMnam-» cated with hhn and told him their wrr_w_. A Voice : T_ey knew it would please yon. 1 SEC. Unmack asked why should A _dn_«-i him ? He was nat a manufacturer. They knew, however, he would s.and up like a man and speak a wcrd in their favour (Applause.) From all he could loam many manufacturers would bo unable to continue under federation, and he gathered that some- where about 2500 omployeos of factories would bo Injuriously affected. The manu- facturera declared that when uhe dmiic-e were tek*n off tbey would be unable to compete wita the Southern manufacturers. Besides T. tll tories which had smaller,, branches up here and manufacturers had said that Su many of these cases they would close down the branch factory and continue with just the '»ne large onet Including the branch fac- tories, some 3500 or 4000 cmplojees would be affected in Brisbane, which would make a good deal of difference to the city. For one thing, it would mean from £S00O to £9000 per week lass wages. If they rea- soned that out, they would find it would neve a disastrous effect upon übem, and it 'would be well in such a maitter that they looked before tihey leaped. When they Were out of work, and the children weTe asking for their meals, could any of them take tlhem a, dish of Mr. Chamberlain's sentiments, and ask thom to feed on that ? (Laughter.) Or could a working man say to his wife, " My dear wife, you belong to & great nation of nearly four million people now ; feed on tOnat ?" (Laughter and ap- plause.) T(he bill was full of snares and ¡piiitjfalls. For instance, charges were to be imposed for the inspection of diseased cattle, diseased plants, frudtt, and so on. The first ¡thing the Föderal Parliament could do, therefore, would ba to levy a cattle tax. fThe Queensland Parliament might an- nul it. But how long would it take for the Parliament, to annul it ? These things showed there were pit- falls, which required very serious attention. He then proceeded to refer to Mr. Barton's remarks on bounties. Mr. Barton had said that thoy would not be interfered with, as H matter of national honour was in- i volved. They would, however, in the Con- ference debates of 1898, page 2355, find very strong language against them. They were j described as providing " an inequality re- , volting to the principle of intercolonial free trade." Mr. Reid had also spoken in the ( same strain. Where was Mr. Barton now, with his " national honour" on the Queens- land platform ? If ho wished " national honour" to be carried out, let him remem- ber the malt-houses at Toowoomba, in which men had put money on the strength of the tariff, and were now told that they must lose it. In Queensland we only wanted what the Victorians had got to pro- tect our own people in our own industries. Mr. Barton had attacked him on his state- ment respecting railway rates, but he re- iterated them, and read the bill in sup- port of his case. The Inter-State Commis- sion, he said, would fíx the rates, and no one could interfere with them. Were they aware that the loss on the Queensland lines amounted to nearly £1000 per day, and if they were handed over to the Inter-State Commission there would be a further reduc- tion in rates ? When the Federal Govern- ment purchased the lines they could go io for cheap rales. (Laughter.) They had made a struggle to secure their Western border trade, and had just got it ; but with federation it would all go. Why should we launch out and spend money on harbour improvements, when all that trade was going to be taken from us 1 When the Customs were handed over Queensland would be pay- ing 13s. 3d. per head o£ the population and New South Wales only 5s. lid. Where was the justice In that ? If they could swallow that they could swallow a lot. That was, of course, for the first two year3, until we had a uniform tariff. We should pay more by £350,000 than the rich colony of New South Wales. It was holding out a bunch of carrots to say that the federal Government were going to hand the surplus hack. The more money the Federal Go- vernment got the more they would tax the people. He also reviewed the statements as to the savings In the Postal and Cus- toms services, saying that the Finance Com- mittee were not with Mr. Barton at all in that matter. According to Mr. Barton, if they wanted a suburban postal service they would have to go to Melbourne and beg for it. AB to any saving, they would not save even the salary of the Postmaster-General, as he would change his name to Minister for Works or something else, and draw bli screw all the same. It was surprising with what ease Mr. Barton slipped over the bill. He referred in a most .casual way to the sugar industry hy saying the Federal Parliament would be able to deal With the Pacific Island labour question. He did not agree with that him- self. The interests or Queensland were so large In that Industry that we could not afford to have them trifled with, and he thought Queensland could deal with the ques- tion much better herself than the people down South, who did not understand it. He also wished to give a word of advice to civil servants. Mr. Barton's treatment seemed to be that the weakest were to go to 'the wall. But justice would have to be done all round. He was afraid that as the ¡majority of the men in the Federal Govern- ment would be Southern men, so would the great majority, of the civil servants-ait any rate where the fat billets were concerned. Some of the local Queensland offices Would necessarily have to be closed, and the men dismissed. There would also be reductions in salaries. He was afraid political patron- age would play a large part in tne federal civil service. He would warn civil servants not to vote for the measure or else they would bitterly repent it. As far as he was concerned, he would ten thousand times rather reietít the bill than swallow it as it was. (Hear, hear.) They need not bo frightened of the bugbear that the other colonies would not take them In. His opinion was Queensland was the catch of the whole lot. (Applause.) They would be running after us and imploring us to come In. He therefore said, reject this bill, and we should get better, fairer, and juster "terms. If the other colonies would not give better terms they would have to be compelled to. Mr. Groom next got up to say a few more words, remarking that it was quite an oversight his not referring to the malt in- dustry. He could speak from personal know- ledge of It. The duty of 4s. Gd. per bushel on malt was put on by Sir Thomas M'll wralth for the express purpose of enabMng Queensland farmers to g-pw malting barley, and establishing a malt industry locally, i It had been proved that they could grow first-class malt, and the industry bade fair to grow to the value of hundreds of thou- sands of pounds ; but if the duty was taken off the whole thlug would be squashed. Then, there was another thing he wanted to mention. That afternoon in Parliament they had been called upon to vote for the second schedule of the Federal Enabling Bill. They were called upon to carry it through in all its stages without altering It in one particular. Did they ever hear of the English Parliament being called upon to pass an Act of \Parli_ment In which they were not allowed to alter a singlo clause ? (Cries of " No.") Mr. Dickson had attended the con foronca of Premiers for sixty or seventy hours, and all he could extract from them was permission that the colony he divided into three electorates instead of one for the election of senators. Why, Westralia itself bad been able to obtain a clause allowing her to retain her intercolonial duties for five years afterwards to enable her people to prepare for the coming change. If Mr. Dick- son had achieved something similar he would have done his duty. (Applause.) His (Mr. Groom's) object in seeking a discussion on the matter was so that It. might be possible, if this bill were forced upon the colony, for us to obtain some such concession as West orn Australia had. If we could not get it in Australia, we must try and gat it from the Imperial Parliament. (Applause.) Before the meeting closed, a vote of thanks to tho chairman for presiding was carried by acclamation, at tho instance of Mr. H. Bur- ton, who took the opportunity of announcing that tho 'Hon. Mr. Gregory had been unable to attend owing to an attack of influenza. QUEENSLAND NOTES THE FEDERATION LEAGUE. It is announced in our business columns that Messrs. A. St. Ledger and J. Currie will address a public meeting on federation and the Commonwealth Bill in the Town Hall, Sandgate, on Thursday evening next, at 8 o'clock. The Mayor of Sandgate, Mr. W. H. Bell, will preside. Arrangements are being made for an ac- tive campaign throughout the Moreton elec- torate and in the seven electorates coin pviMiig the West Moreton district. The lion. A. J. Thynne, M.L.C., addresses public meetings at Bundaberg and Mary- borough on Monday and Tuesday of next week. Meetings will be held in Toowoomba, Pittsworth, Roma, and other centres in tho South-western portion of the colony during this month. From correspondence received by Mr. ,J. Farrell, bon. secretary of the Queensland Federation League, a number of branch leagues are In course of formation. By the time the Enabling Bill has passed, the Queensland Parliament, and been made ope- rative by the successful referendum in New South Wales, it is confidently expected that the campaign will be well organised, and prove n' keen and instructive one. MU. FTXNEY'S INTERVIEW. In our report published in yesterday's issue of the interview our representative had With Mr. T. Finney, M.li.A., on the subject of federation, an error occurred. Mr. Fin- t ney on being asked in what way the com- petition of Sydney is felt hore, said that " the maintenance of free- trade there and the imposition of heavy duties here resulted' In tho people here having to pay more than the commercial value of the goods they buy. Under federation, with trade in New South Willes carried on on the same basis as that of the other colonies, this disadvantage would be removed-we should all be on the i same footing." He did not see that Queens- j land had any reason to fear the competition 1 of the other colonies. " With intercolonial free-'tnado and a uniform protection against the world," he said, " I believe every colony will be able to stand its own ground." On vomparison with the report as printed In yesterday's Issue It will be seen that the above correction is necessary in oider to accurately represent Mr. Flnney's views. 