GEEMANY. A PROFESSOR FINED. London, March 27. Professor Dilbruck, of Berlin, has been censured and fined 500 marks for having criticised the action of the Ger man Government in expelling the Danes from North Schleswig-Hblstein. (The recent expulsion of Danish sub jects from North Schleswig created a most painful impression in Denmark. Expulsions of Danes are of not infre quent occurrence in Schleswig, the Prussian authorities never giving any fur ther explanation of their action than that the persons in question are unde sirable. There is a Daniah-speaking population of about 150,000 in Schlee wig, who are Prussian subjects. These Prussian Danes take Danish laborers or servants in preference to Germans. This immigration into Schleswig, with, its consequent strengthening of the Danish element, is considered in th& highest de gree undesirable by the Prussian au thorities. It is also alleged that there is a network of Danish societies covering the whole of the northern portion of the province, while in Denmark there are numerous so-called 'South Jutland socie ties.' According to the 'Cologne Ga zette' the Danish press and the press of the party of protest in Scheswig fo ment the agitation. Inhabitants of Schleswig who have Danish sympathies make excursions across the border, and proclaim, at festive gatherings their un alterable adhesion to Denmark and their hatred of Prussia and Germany. Along the Danish side of iHe frontier a large number of colleges and secondary schools have been established in order to attract young natives of North Schles wig, and to give them a Danish educa tion. Danish children are exchanged during the summer holidays for children from the German side of the frontier, in order to keep up the connection with Denmark. - Danish popular libraries are established everywhere in Nprth. Schles wig, and are often supplied with books from Denmark. Funds for the agitation are partly subscribed in Denmark, and Danish officials and officers in manv r*)^ftg take part in the movement.] 