POINTS. Candidates returned by a majority of one ,raay hnvo a difficulty in dealing with individual elector/ at times. IT will be nossiblo for cnftli finnnnvfor fit say, " Well, if I bad not voted you would not have boen returned." A late 'welt knowu politioiim .was once returned by a mmilar majority. Ho waa afterwards heard to say that tho vote was being constantly olaimed. 1 and he . had fre quently to part with a trifle for it. New nnd old methods. Tho first message bymouns of wireless tolegruphy has been desputohed, and tho British Admiralty has made a number of successful oxiurimcnts by sending messages by currier pigeon. Pigeons have been found to be useful hero 011 many occasions. Somo of tho returning officors utilised thorn iu connection with tho recent elections. Russia does not altogether believo iu the Czar's proposed disarmament scheme. She is accolcratiug tho rearming of her own artillery with quick-firing guus. A correspondent calls attention to tho fact that a Cross has been removed from Parlia ment buildings. A ease of sacrilege, clearly. They do say that Messrs. Story and Hood are returned as Al members of Parliament. This innst be intended for a joke. See it ? Things huvo come to a head in Samoa at last, and fighting lias begun iu earnest. Germany is looking on while Britons and Americans fight shoulder to shoulder. The English and States troops, however, aro not having a happy time, as they have managed to shoot one or two of their own men, and bursting shells have damaged their own side. Reinforcements aro badly needed. Send to Australia. The eyes of all the Powers arc turned to China. Even little Denmark is sending a gunboat there. France has apologised for tho Ville branch© affray. Of course, Franco is always apologising, and then she coinphiius that she is placed in a humiliating position. If she takes sound advice she will keop out of thoso positions ; and then perhaps she will cease to bo the laughing-stock of tho world. Sir William MacGregor has been giving bis views regarding British New Guinea iu tho shape of a paper read before the Royal Colonial Institute." The Into Licutonant-Govornor stated that it is unlikely much pioueor development will take place in tho Possession without the co operation of limited liability companies. This opinion is supported by all who havo a practical knowledgo of the Possession. Tub cxpulsiou of Danish agriculturists and servaut girls from northern Schloswig is still being continued by the German authorities. Herk is a good chance for Queensland. Just the sort of immigrants we wane. It is well that the Central Board of Health is scrowing-up those who have bsoomo loos© in tho way of notifying infectious diseases. Such loose screws are dangerous to the com munity. Brisbane Hospital 50 years old. The re port just issued tells of good work well done. A fink and fitting opportunity now for sending in special thank offerings.. So that works long needed, but impossible for waub of money, maybo done. The two contestants in the Warrego struggle parted on good terms — but it was a close shave. The rearrangement of tho clerkships of tho Pine and Redcliffu divisions has been satis factorily completed. 