CPKBENT TOPICS. The ratification by the United States of the treaty of peace with Spgln formally closeB the first chapter, of United States expansion, and -removes the main difficulty from before the opening of the second. The difficulty 1b the difference of American opinion about the acquisition of the new countries. But the treaty of peace declares them the property of the United States. It Is useless, therefore, to dispute about rights, and duties, and expe diences ' The. fact Is that they are annexed, as the spoils of war, just as Texas was an nexed. That they will be annexed practical ly is a natural consequence. The Philip pines threaten the most trouble. . Aguinaldo says he has 40,000 men, claims that he has subjugated most of the country, holds many Spaniards ub hostages, and declares ho will never surrender to Americans. They, on their side, know what "bluff" Is, and are not likely to give way. Mr. A. H, Lucas 1ms managed to come out alive from the New Year's blanket which lmd fullen on Mount Koscuislco. He went up on a botanlslng trip, made a venture, as it appears/ on Ills own account, struck out over the easy- looking mountain, and became, ere lie .'knew It, netted amongst crags and morasses, with the snow falling, falling, and -obscuring everything. ICoscuisko is not easy even to an enthusiastic botanist. Old Baron Mueller, knew liim well, travelled him mile by. mile, camped on him, and' did not leave much for any botanist who may come after. But that old Baron' would make over most difficulties, and get through most coils, when, as he was' wont to say, "I have made up my own mind, and my pony is of one mind with me." The tug-of- war at Melbourne on Saturday night between Strongman Sampson and seven stevedores does not prove a very great deal,, except perhaps— and the stevedores should certainly haye known It— that one man of average strength, with a purchase, Is always good for at least three others. A .not.', uncommon. 'thing -. .aboard ship In- older days, before steam winches and other patent devices were available, was to see one man, when breaking out cargo, put the bight of a rope round his waist, sit down with his feet braced against cleats, and remain firm, while the ends of the rope were led. under the chimes of, say, a cask of rialls, weighing more than a ton, brought back, and hauled upon.by a dozen men. The cask- would thus easily be brought up an Inclined plane, but the, man' who represented the standing part of the purchase would not budge. Pushes, declared to be stamped out some time ago, are assertive once more, and are trialting new developments. The old push had its club on a street corner, and if want ed could generally be located. ' But since, sulkies and horseflesh became '' abnormally cheap there Is a push grown up which drive's to business. , Aricketty box on wheels, a worn-out racing pony, a whip fit to drive a bullock team, a half-dozen toughs jammed an the nan-jOw seat or meagre dish of the floor, and there Is mischief on wheels repulsive as dangerous. Poor vegetable John was the last to find It. He pulled up at the command of one of these brigades to make a penny out of -jomatoes, drew out his purse to give change, got a slash across the face, a volley of blasphemy that sent the- air all around blue, and. was left moneyless, looking for the police. - - We trust we have not heard the last of the police prosecution of one Rose on the 9th In stant, -under the Betting Act. The case fell through, and as it was doing so the magis trate commented upon the "contradictory evi dence" of the prosecution. Why did the case fall through? How came It, as a simple mat ter of fact, that the police were unable to stand cross- examination? These are ques tions which, considering the surroundings of all such cases, should, not be left unanswered. The only way to have them answered is by a full and searching inquiry. That inquiry the Superintendent of Police ought to- Insti tute without delay. There Is an agitation for a fever hospital In nearly every city of Australasia. The rea- , son is the scientific proclivity of doctors. No city of Australasia, however, ever lias a fever epidemic of serious proportions. But that )a not a reason for. negativing such a proposal as that- made by Alderman Dr. Graham the other day, and no w being considered by a sub-committee of the council. One thing is (certain; that a fever hospital for Greater Sydney requires combined municipal efforts,' which are impossible without legislation. And one thing Is possible, that if the fever hospital should be delayed tin the establishment of a municipal Greater Sydney no -.very', great harm would be done. It is useless to complain at the1 present stage that the unemployed question has been . aggravated by tlie centralising effects of the rail-painting. That is merely crying over spilt milk. It is equally absurd to blanny anyone for the parliamentary loss of time which . haB- prevented the inauguration of a proper policy of public works. , The pressing question. of . the hour la the vigorous prosecu tion of the public works authorised and In hand.. As the Ministerial organs have at last taken up that view, there Is a possibility of unanimous press pressure, which Is the only hope for the unemployed! 1 Much -talk, lias followed on the acceptance by Sir Julian Salomons of the Agent-Gen eral's .position. And if In a multitude '; of . councillors there luck not wisdom, we ought do.be wiser In this matter than we were four and twenty; hours ago. But if all' the quali fications now assumed to be requisite for the position of Agent-General are to be held by one person, it is to be feared that he will be hard to find, and when found difficult . to hold, He should be, it Is said, a flrst-olasB man of business, a new diplomatist, an ex pert on loans, on wool, on butter, on minerals generally. He should be a "strong person ality," and ceaseless In his efforts to advocate every interest of the colony.' But /that he, should be simply a successful barrister Is an' idea which not one of all these councillors -.seems' for a moment to have entertained, The Austrian difficulty as far as New Zea land Is" concerned, has been adjuated. Mr, Seddon, the Premier, has received a com munication from the home authorities, and has permitted the Austrlans to land, on the guarantee of the Union Company to be re sponsible for the support of the Immigrants for three months. Hard as the eases of these men may have seemed, Mr. Seddon ap parently acted throughout with legality and consistency, and has only, on the representa tions of the Colonial Office, and taking Into consideration the fact that the prohibitive legislation of New Zealand was not known in Austria when the Austrians embarked, made exceptions In these particular- Instances. But' he has created no precedent, and has not set himself up to over-ride the law. The posi tion taken by the Premier of New South Wales stands In strong contrast to that of his contemporary of N.Z. The former, without any legitimate pressure having been brought to bea" on him, In no circumstances of spe- cial urgency, and quite, contrary to the Act; permitted: a. number of the aliens to : dlserii-. bark In this province, where at present there is not work for our, own peopld! Notwithstanding tho-'facts that America is a great republic, that she has the awful ex- ariiples of the effete- old. world to take warn- - lng by, and is supposed, or supposes herself, to be "considerable smart,", she, in her recent war, grounded on the commissariat shoal, just as If she had. been some worn-out old monarchy swathed In . the bandages of red -tape. Her commissariat broke down badly, unless we are to. believe that those respon sible for the conduct of the war and badly In want of a scapegoat have made untrue charges ' against the department. Anyway, General Miles, Commarjder-ln-Chlef, asserted that the meat supplied the -troops had been "chemically embalmed''— that the troops had been fed on mummies of sheep and oxen, in fact. General Eagan, Chief of the Com missariat, has explained that the C.-in-C. is ,."a malicious liar,"- and -the Issues are to be fought out at a court-martial. Both officers are possibly' right. The atmosphere of a penny dreadful, or at best a shilling shocker, still hangs round the police movements at Gatton. More "im portant finds" have been discovered. They frequently are, when nothing is found out! An assistant station-master runs down to the scene of the outrages, just looks around,- guided by a resident,: rind makes the usual discovery, "which- may prove very material in unravelling the mystery." If It does, what can be said of the searching capacity of those who have been over the ground presumably scores of times? - Then, it is, stated that the, police, having persistently searched in places remote froth the . tragedy, are now "satis fied that some closer system of search," where the murders were actually - committed, must be tried. Which is but another Illustration of the tendency to! look 'far afield for what is under our noses,. Finally,' -the commissioner has a theory. He thinks one man. could have committed the three murders and the other crimes. If he acts on this theory .It is to he feared the mystery will never he unravel led. It Is tolerably evident -the police are alto gether at fault! ; ' A request which will have to be very seri ously considered Is sent up from Mossglel. The brought dawn there is intense and all- consuming, and .the people cry out against any rent for a year which gives them no returns. They want a/remission of rent, and they propose that., the remission should be general. But it is just there that the Minis ter will have to ask a question or two. The whole army of taxpayers of the colony will have no desire to deal harshly or oppressively with the pastoralists, but the general rule might result in too much loss, not a little of which would be arrived at by misrepresenta tion, connivance, and fraud. It will be for the Minister to -temper justice with mercy all round, and to judge every case on its merits. One hundred and fifty natives— "niggers," of course — who were concerned In the murder, of missionaries at Sierra Leone, have been sentenced to death. If- the sentense is carried into execution, what. a holocaust that will he In the name of the Prince of Peace! If those 150 niggers, for a riioment of frenzy, born of the superstition that never really forsakes the African, .are all to/be hanged, it is to be anticipated- that the local hangman will be very much fatigued, and that the local supply of rqpa will give out. It. may be freely, cqn-> ceded that "natives" /should be' strongly dis suaded from murdering missionaries— though ' sudden death was always supposed to be a perfectly legitimate missionary jrlsk— but it may be doubted whether hanging IjiO of those concerned in the Sierra Leone outrage will prove to the native mind a very strong argu ment In favour of the white fellow's religion, however disinclined hi the future It riiay make the native to murder white missionaries. yictorla Park, better known perhaps as the University Grounds, 'lias recently been done up, regardless of expense. Carriage drives and a new lodge, railings all'palnted, and the 'lake" near Parramatta-rond properly clean ed out. Full time (that lake received a little . attention; (It waits. now, so the report runs,, for a favourable change In the Weather to resume Its normal appearance. But was , that normal appearance, ever satisfactory, and is the condltioiiof our .water supply sueli that we need to wait for rain to fill such a pond as that? The park Is a source of health and enjoyment -tq, a great multitude of people, and If the' lake is a prominent feature It should be kept tip to the standard of all sur roundings. The lakes, ponds, or swamps about all our public parks would be better of a better water supply, and does the special Act, .or the bylaws, of the Water and Sewer age Board prevent it? We have a good re serve up at Prospect, despite the dry year. Surely enough to make the fountains spout and keep the lakes fresh. Cecil Rhodes. Is answering General Kit chener's question In characteristic fashion. His creed from the first lias been to provide the means for every' project before starting 1' Great ideas, lie always says, are useless without money! Therefore, when the Gene ral asked the Eiripirq-builder when he would ' come to Fashoda.-the latter answered by sail ing to London and asking the Government for a; guarantee for the interest of two millions sterling, - As the 609 or 700 miles of line from Buluwayo to the south corner of Lnlte Tanganyika will at something like £7000 per mile cost about double that sum, Rhodes' demand Is only for half guarantee. As the half guarantee completes the Imperial char acter of, the. great African railway scheme, we may .Bee. the soheriie Inaugurated before long. .. - . ;v '( .' ; As Arotlo expeditions do not set . out In .January; it Is clear that the pecond expedi tion which has been decided uou for continu ing the search for'. Androe is not destined to be on Arctic ground for some months to come. The last one searched the. Siberian Bide of the Arctic basin taefore it was, wrecked. . While It was out Lieutenant- Amdrup, of the Danish navy, was exploring the , eastern coast of Greenland; while Pedry was working his way up the north-west coaBt, and Sverdrup was somewhere in the Arctic Ocean to the north west of Peary. Neither Peary' nor Sverdrup returned at the end of the summer; while Amdrup' is likely to have done so. . One can not help wondering whether some information brought back by this explorer has suggested the eaBtern and more difficult (and for Audree most unlikely) side of Greenland for the ob jective of the second search expedition. Mr. Colonial Secretary Brunlcer is the vic tim of good Intentions. Np man living moans better. Few living men seem so consistently to fall In giving that satisfaction which Mr. Brunker so ardently desires to give. There Is that Newcastle Hospital business, for In stance. If there wafl one hope Mr. Brunker cherished more than another it was that ho lhight give satisfaction to the committee of the hospital named. He tried to give satis faction. He said so, at Newcastle, on Satur day afternoon. He. tried and failed. He was accused of making promises, with regard to that filthy lucre.qvhloh Js the root of all evil, which he had riot kept. He indlgnaqtly, but withal pathetic/illy, defended himself at length,, and then. Intimated :he, was ready tq accept the., explanations.: (and,.- ; presumably, the apologies)/ of his accusers. But- the latter stood to their guns, and added "to Mr. Brun- ker's affliction to such 'extent . that .he climbed down from hls.-altltude,-as good as promised more money/ ;p.nd:tle'clarfecl everlast ing friendship for those who: had Impeached him. All this Ts very Badj and there IS a moral attaching, whlch-!each must draw for himself. '"/ Is there any event that we Sydneyltes do not celebrate by a picnic?, No, doubt thcro arc few better ways of 'glorifying'ourselves, on sonieone, or something; else, than by takinri our food In tlie open, in sight of a harbour, which has more than once been described as hardly Inferior to anything else of the samq sort In the world. The Englishman,' if French criticism may be felled upon, is in the' habit of saying, "It is a fine day;- come, let_ys go out and kill something!" But his Sydney descendant says, instead, "Come, let us gq for a picnic,". And he Is right. Still, there seems a suspicion of bathos about the mati ter, when we read that the, anniversary of thq unification of- the German -Empire was "cele brated on Saturday by a picnic, held at Caba- rita." It Is enough to malco the old Emperor, Bismarck, and Von Moltke— three amiable gentlemen, who did not/appear to have a joke among them— turn in tlielr. honoured graves to think that an 'event which changed thy .history" of /Europe Bhouldibe ceielirated by German sausage, lager; and fixIngs rit.Caba- rlta. . '/ The A.J.C. Committee! entertained their pi-esldent at a. fishing picnic down, the har bour oh Saturday., The net was cast and drawn with as much. success as on any Ran.d( wick field day, and the subsequent settling was In every way satisfactory. Speeches, of course, came on after dinner,, Hon.'; TV. Long, fighting champion of the old Institution, find ing most to say, and saying It with his cus tomary force and directness. The chairman Is not away on any long trip. Just as far as Cairo and back again, unless, perchance, the fascination of the dark continent ' masters him, and he goes down on Mr. Want's tracks; and even further, to pass the time of day with Mr, Cecil Rhodes. Mr.- Dangur expects to return within three months. A long and possibly -Inspired attack upon the National Rille Association appears In a Government organ. The. gist of that lengthy criticism may! however; be' very quickly ar rived at. The entire contention,, though ter ribly overlaid with words, amounts to this: Many of the members of the association use adjuncts to their rifles, fire with deliberation, and have little experience of .that collective marksmanship which Lord Wolseley and tha "Broad Arrow" deem so essential to — Euro pean warfare. It does not seem to strike the critics of the association that wn are not likely to see anything in the nature of a European war hero, at'leaBt for a century— by lhat time the critics, and the Government, and the pre sent military authorities -will probably liavo ceased to take interest in firearms, if not in fire. If we are in the meantime attacked, w-J shall be largely, if not entirely; defended by big guns and sharpshooters, and .the latter will not be called upon for. collective, but for deliberate and effective tiring. If an enemy lands It will be in force,- and. under, present conditions, a landing effected, wri could da little more than annoy the foe by a species of guerilla warfare. 