TEMPERANCE. VISIT 01' MR J. MALINS, R.W.G.T. Mr Jospph Malins, R.W.G.T. who arrived in this colony recently during the course of a visit of inspection of the Good Templar Lodges of the colonics as the presiding officer of the International Lodge, is an interesting personage as representing the advance of temperance reform in the world, and it was a matter for regret that thsre was not a larger assemblage at the railway station to bid him welcome. Mr Malins may truly be said to have devoted his life to the work as he has been connected with the cause of temperance reform for 35 years. ]n 1S64 Mr Malms first made himself acquainted with the Good Templars' order which had been established in America in 1S57, he having about that time emigrated from England. On returning home to England in 18G8 he obtained permission to open a branch there, mid within two years he had for.ncd a dozen ledges and instituted a Grand Lodge of England with repre sentatives from these blanches. The movement developed to such an extent that in a short time he was called to devote his whole time to the work of the Grand Lodge, of which he was elected chief in 1S/U. -Since then he has been re-elected Chief Templar for 3J successive years. For the past 20 years the Grand Lodge has had more than 100,000 members. In represent ing the Grand Lodge at the Inter national Lodge Sessions, Mr Malins has paid 14 visits to America, and, of course, has also travelled to the various European centres. Two years a go the International Lodge met in Switzer land, when he was elected its chief, and was re-elected to that important and distinguished position list year in Toronto. Mr Malins is now spending twelve months as a deputation to the various jurisdictions. After being bri> fly welcomed by the various temperance and religious institutions of the tuivn at the 1.0 G T Hall, Mr Malins. while in Bun bury, was a gues* of Mr E Woodrow, sper4; a Bhort tiu.o in viewing the township. On Saturday ovsning he delivered a most interesting lecture in the Masonic Hall, on tho work of tem perance reform thrcu^hout the world. Tbe audience was ;i uieJium one but proved thoroughly appreciative. The Rev A Buchanan, the district grand chaplain for the order in this colony, occupied the chair. Mr Malins po-se^ses an unupual attractiveness sis a lecturer, and has tho gift, so seldom met with, of re.tllv interesting his Rudieoce, and at the same time unconsciously instructing them, not only in the work of tem perance throughout the world, tut also in detnils of a geopraphical or historical character, which from time to time were interwoven with hie story, so pleasantly, as to entirely divert it of a certain dryness wh-'ch might otherwise have been noticed. Mr Malins was particularly happy in his extraneous references, of which of course, he has a wide choice as to use his own words. " Tbe work of an institution numbering hundreds of thousands of human beings scattered throughout the globs necessariiy carries with it many incidents all of which unfortunately are not hnppy ones." He reminded them that he was there only in the capacity of a passing visitor, but at the samo time hoped that some of his words mi"ht bear fruit.. Advocating the course of total abstinence, he was not enun ciating any new doctrine or advising them to undertake anv dangerous experiment. Old as were the drink customs of the people, total abstin ence was still older, and the cause had never lacked human representa tives from the time of the creation until the present. He paid a high tribute to tbe activity of temperance workers in the mother country, and proceeded to support his contention by an array of statistics of startling proportions. In Great Britain tem perance Societies and Leagues numbered their adherents by the thousand. Tho churches had also taken up the cry, and none more thoroughly than the Salvation Army, which was a temperance organisation to the core. There were also pelitical temperance movements, so that the cause in no way lacked representation. Mr Malins strongly combated the argument that alcohol was necessary in a sick room. He said that 25 years ago Xl'2,000 was spent annually in the London Hospitals in intoxicating liquors. At that time a number of philanthropists becoming alarmed at the proportions to which the drink bill was attaining decided to build a hospital in which alcohol either as a food or physic would be unknown. The movement progressed rapidly and a building costing £57,000 was designed, erected and paid for. Dur ing the last 20 years this institution has treated 15,000 in- patients and 25,000 out-patients, and the examples which had thus been afforded had occasioned an immense reduction in the drink bill of the other hospitals. Tbe lecturer passed on to refer to the private temperance institutions in cluding the Societies established by the Railway companies numbering scoreB of thousands of employees and who even went so far as to enpport their own paper entitled " On the line." As showing the liberality of thoBe who were engaged in Temper ance work he said that in the United Kingdom alone they spent not less [ than £250,000 per aunum. This was in the main subscribed by the working people although there were of course some wealthy members who assisted I liberally. One of the courses which had been adopted by the temperance workers was the education of the young. With this object in -view a purse of £12,000 was subscribed every six years and scientific IecLurers were employed at an annual cost of £2,000 | to go round and deliver simple Bcien [tifio lectures to the little oaet te#obing them the ill cfl'cts arising: from the me of strong drink. Ha said that h:s experience bad taught him that though there werosorae who averred that, the cause was making flow pro gress yet the means to fight any great movement always cam--1 to hard. During ali the years in which he had been engaged on the work they had ? ever once been compelled to etc:) or I go back for want of funds. lie also indicated the progress which thu work had made during the past few y.-ars as viewed from the Legislative Ha Is and said lhat the inHtitutions had done much by the exercise of a wise moral suasion and considered that the number of licenses now granted was a conclusive illustration of t:iis fact During the last 10 years tha popula tion of the United Kingdo-n had in creased by millions and yet the licensed houses had decreased bv a thousand. It had been said that the driuk b:l! per head had increased but he could assure them that this was ; not the case. In 1S75 the expenditure j per head was £i 9s while last year: statistics bad shown that the expen- i diturp had fallen to £3 16s -.vhich wapj he coneidered, a very material decrease when they bore in rn'nd tho fact that during that period wages bad probably gone up 30 per cent. Mr Malius drew a. graphic picture ' of the social revolution which the establishment of the lodge there had J wrought in Sweden, which he charac terised as the most sober country in the world. The character of the internal working of the institution had for the first time enabled the women of Sweden to use their influence, they having hitherto not been recognised, and in this simple manner had a social revolution been wrought In Denmark they had experienced a more difficult nut to crack. 7he drunken customs of the people had for a long '.ime pre vented theui from 'aking root there hut they had succeeded ultimau-ly, and although the results of their labours had not been as great as they would have desired stili thc.y had done much. Owing to the influence which they had wielded they had succeeded in having a m asure passed which had secured the abolition of barmaids. A curious law had nisi been enacted in Denmark by which the publicans were compelled to pay the carfare home of any person who was found intoxicated upon their premi-es. Germany had been a difficult country to enter, and he gave a laughable description of the want of success which biffled their efforts for a considerable lime. This had, however, been at list broken down and now they w^re obtaining astonishing success. At first the authorities were so suspicious of their intentions that the secret police were present at their meetings and the names taken of all those present. However, the precautions thus adopted occasioned an official enquirv which resulted in so favourable a finding that in future the Government decided to assist the movement by every means in their power. He was present at a meeting of their District Grand Lodge only last year and ho assured them that the most astonishing success was now being experienced. -They started a lodge in Hamburg and it used to catch about one German in six months and lose one every half year, so that after 17 years it still had one German. But it happened that Prussia went to war with Denmark and took over, after the war, the Danish provinces of Schleswig and Holstein. There were Good Templar Lodges in those provinces and it was through their annexation by Prussia that Good Templary got a; footing in Germany. And now in the city of Hamburg they had 60 German Good Templar Lodges, and in a few years they hoped to have an army of 100,000 Germans. In Holland they made slow progress, the principal reason of which was the large manufacture of spirits. Holland's gin was made for 8d per gallon. In Eng land there was a duty of 10s Gd, and the cost when retailed in small quanti ties came up to £1 per gallon.' But Holland had decreed that the 37,000 drinking shops in the Netherlands should be reduced to 13,000, and that had effected a great decrease in drink ing. In Belgium there was no law restricting the liquor traffic. There was a Band of Hope for juveniles there but it was a very peculiar one. The ( children were pledged not to drink beer and wine to excess and not to | drink ardent spirits until they were j 18. In Switzerland a grand work bad been done. Some of the most eminent scientists in Europe were leaders of the Good Templar order in Switzerland, j In both Russia and Austria they had been prevented from gaining a foot hold. In Russia the police raided a number of the drink shops for the simple reason that they were kept by the Jews, but for all that they would. I under no circumstances allow ihem to establish a branch there; while in Austria the police were so suspicious of anything of the nature of a secret ! society that they actually raided a j Vegetation Society and " burst it up." 1 In the colonies the institution had spread and flourished. Alon« the coast of Africa among the native races lodges had been established by simple means. The "Jack Tars" on the vessels who were sent to patrol the coast in order to put down the slave trade of course had their own lodges, j and when on shore among the emanci pated blacks they had induced them also to form lodges, and thus by this means the work progressed. The British Army numbered many such lodges, while many of the vessels in the Royal Navy had their own lodges. These lodges sometimes had very bitter pages in theiv histories. Sometimes in action a whole lodge might be swept away. The lecturer j told a few anecdotes of the disasters which sometimes befell lodges both in the army and navy. The 2nd War wickshire regiment, which took part in the Zulu war-which, by-the-way, arose from a quarrel, said Mr Malins, between the Boers and the Zulus. The former appealed to Eng land for protection and England sect her armies to save them from being utterly destroyed Hiving passed through va'ious encounters with the eneuiy, their original number was reduced to Gt>0 when they were stationed at Isandula, isolated from their friends and to'aliy without sup port. Here they were attached bv -0,000 of the. enemy, and although they fought most gallantly it was i:n possinie for tbein m resiit so ovcr whrhnicg a foe and they were u'terlv destroj'ed. A few weeks afterwards another regiment passed the spot where the catastrophe had occurred, and amongst the ruins of where tfce camp had been the captain found the little wooden mallet which is used in the conduct of the Good Templar meetings. On returning to England the officer made an especial t. rip from Aldershot to Hirmingham to present this memento to the speaker. When the Camperdown, in consequence of a u.istihe 03 Voe part of Admiral Tryon rammed down the \ ictonn, during aa'ne mar.ceuvres in the Mediterranean Sea over .'300 iivi'a nere lost a"d the Jodge which had been established ou the vessel utterly peris ho ]. A few daV3 after wards he received a letter from the bec.-et.iry of the lodge, telling- hiin of a most successful meeting which they had held the previous night (the evening before the (.ataotrnpbo), «hen two ne-1.- ine uhers hail been inuiated arid tour others prouossd, and staling that an arrangeaient had bean tnale by which iu future they would hold a travelling lodge 011 tie different vessels in the fleet. Several other references were made whicli went to eho»v that even the lot of the Grand Master of such an Insiitu tion as the Goo 1 Templars was not altogether without its dark p3ges if he loved his work and those who were engaged shoulder to shoulder with him in endeavouring to leave the world a little better than thev f :uud it. Ho h^d attended a lodge tneetiug of over 100 members in conuectiou with the Gordon Highlanders who jvere now engaged 0:1 the Transvaal and had suffered so severely. The men who stormed the? heights of Dar gar had for more ti'.an 20 years supported a flourishing lodge. In the Indian Army they had 120 lodges working, and 30,000 "lit of the 80,000 men in the Indian Army were templars. It was in .North America that the modern temperance movement took root. The Order of Good Templars was started in New York, and in two years would hold its jubilee as the greatest temperance organisation the world had seen. There was not a minute passed without a Good Templars lodge being opened for business in some part of the world : they belted the globe. There were 12,000 meetings held every week. They could, it was true, mourn over thousands who had been tempted baelr, but (hey could rejoice over tens of thousands who abstained for life. The (Jnited States originated the order and made it a sort of teetotal freemasonry only they admitted ladies. It was also some thing of a mutual improvement society. 1 he order in America had had much to do with local option and prohibition. Th 3re were six States iu the union which had prohibition. Others had had prohibition but had fallen back That was due to the large immigration of foreigners, but where they had not prohibition they generally had local option. In the State of New York there were a hundred municipalities without a license. There was a local option law in 30 States. Local option meant the right oT the people to have liquor shops or do without them, and if the people thought they become a public nuisancP, to suppress them. A vote on prohibition was tiken recently in Canada. The people were asked by the temperance party to vote against the manufacture, importation, or sale of intoxicants throughout the Dominion of Canada. And a majority of the people, or those who voted did so. but the Government considered the vote was not large enough to warrant the passing of so drastic a measure. Quebec was against prohibition by a majority of 90,000 ; all the other pro vinces were in favour, and their votes were sufficient to swamp Quebec But Quebec was not against tba sup pression of the liquor traffic, it objected to Ottawa legisla'ing on local matters, and in 600 areas drink was prohibited under the Canada Temperance Act of 182S. In the province of Ontario 25 years ago there were 6,000 liquor licenses. Now there were 3,000. In the city of Toronto the number of licensed houses had decreased from 530 to 203. while the population had in creased from 60,000 to 200,000, und the average consumption of flrink in Canada was now lower than in any other English speaking country. In conclusion, Mr Malins strongly urged the claims of local option, which, he said, was the only equitable way of deciding the question. The people were the only ones who should decide the number of licences to be granted. A collection having been taken up to defray expenses, the meeting was concluded with comprehensive votes of thanks. 