I Expelling Danes. v schleswig-ilotsteln. action of prussia just1- FIED. . By Gaiilr Mesraoe. | London, January 22. News has been rcceivod from Berlin that Dr. Yon Miguel, Vice-president of the Minis try and Mlnistor for Finance, speaking in the Prussian Diet, dcolared that tho Government had not interfered in Sohlcswig, tlio northern province ot Prussia, in tlio matter of expel ling tho Danes, only when tho agitation against Prussian authority was obsorvod to bo steadily growing in strongtb and boldness. The recent expulsion of Danish subjects from North Sohlcswig created a most painful impression in Denmark. Expulsions of Danes are of not'infrequent occurrence In Sohlcswig tho Prussian authorities nover giving any further explanation of their action than that tho persons in question aro " lustig " (undesir able.) In tile recent caso the persons expelled wore mainly farm hands, in many cosos women, who had crossed the frontier to find employment. Thero Is a Danish-speaking population of about 150,000 In Schleswig, who are Prussian subjects. Thcso Prussian Danes take Danish labourers or servants in prcfcrnnco to Germans. This immigration into Sohlcswig with its consequent strength- oninoof the Danish element, is cousidorcil in tho highest degree " Jastig" by tho PrUBsian autnoruics. it is aiso oiicgcu tnat mere is a network of Danish societies covering the whole of tho northern portion of the provinco, while in Denmark there aro numerous so- called " South Jutland Societies." According to the " Cologno Gazette," tho Danish Press and Press of the party of protest in Schleswig foment tho agitation. Inhabitants of Schles wig who havo Danish sympathies mnko ox- ouralons across the border, nnd proclaim at festive gatherings their unalterable adhesion to Denmark and their hatred of Prussia and Germany. Along tho Dnnish sido of tho frontier a large number of colleges nnd seo- ondary schools havo been established in order to attraot young qnlivcs of North Schleswig, and to glvo them a Danish education. Dnnish children are exchanged during the summer 'holidays for childron from tho Gorman side of the frontier in order to keep up tlio connco tion with Ddnmnrk. Danish popular libraries varo established overywhero in North Sohlcs- \vig, and aro often supplied with books from Denmark. Funds for tho agitation are partly subscribed in Denmark, and Dnnish officials and officers in ronny cases tnko part in tho movement, In Hadorslebcn, IlondBburg, Aponrado, Tondern, and Sondcburg often bo- have as it tboy were tlio ruling., etemont, and some of them ignoro altogether their Gorman and Prussian nationality, 