ANTI-CONVENTION WORK. Great Meeting in the Valley. Important Speeches. Mr. Theodore Hnmack on the Financial Aspect. Mr. W. H. Groom, M.L.A., on the Agricnltnral Aspect. Letter from Hon. A. G. Gregory, M.L.C. A public meeting was held in the Foresters' Hsll, Brunswick street, Fortitude Valley, on Tuesday, -under the auspices of the Anti Convention Bill League. The hall was com pletely filled, and many had to stand through font the proceedings. • Several ladies were present. His worship the Mayor of Brisbane \- (Aid. Seal) presided, and he was supported by the Hon. John JPlfoster, M.L.C., Mr. W. H. Groom, H.L.A., Mr. D. T. Keogh, M.L.A., Mr. J. D. Campbell, M.L.A., Messrs. T. Unmade, N. Snpsford, G. .Grimes, . J. Young, J. Crase," M. Quijm, J. J. Kingsbury, R. G. Petty. P. Bnowdown, H. Barton, H. V. Hewitt,* A. Hertzberg, "W. Huddle, Aid. Proe, Aid. M'Nab, and Dr. J. Thomson. The audience listened most attentively to .Mr. Grooxn and Mr. Unmack, and very few left before tbe close of ike meeting, i The CHiimrtv said: At the request of the Anti-Convention Bill League I:have taken the chair here this evening. I may say there is a big question before the electors, and that is federation. During the last fortnight we bare heard a good deal of federation and anti-federation, aud i think, considering that yon will be called upon shortly to give a vote on this important question, that we cannot hear too much of it. However. I am not here to make a speech, but simply to take the chair. I will ask yon to give the T&rions;'speakers a fair and impartial bearing. (Applause.) > MR. GROOM'S SPEECH, f Mr. H/Geoojc. ILL.A., who was re ceived with loud applause, said: I have been asked to address a meeting this evening on the question of federation—how it will affect the particular portion of the colony which I have the honour to represent in Parliament and how, indirectly, it will affect the whole colony .in common with those on the Darting Downs. And I readily accede to that request. I Mr. Keooh : Hear, hear. { Mr. Gsook: Because, Mr. Mayor, I hold this opinion—that the people of Queensland .8* a whole will be called upon to pronounce judgment on as great and as momentous a . question as they nave ever been called upon : to record their votes; and in . order that they may be able to do that as intelligently as possible, and not commit any error that will afterwards be regretted, I think it is of the highest importance that the question should be put Dcfore the people in both [aspects, 60 that they may vote as intelligently fas possible. I have the honour of speaking .to you to-night after 40 years* experience in public life, and I think I con claim the privi 'lege of addressing a Queensland audience on ;a question as a public man. _ (Hear, hear.) I .was here in 1858 and 1859, when tho great battle of separation was fought. I was here when the first Governor arrived and summoned Parliament. I saw the re joicings of the whole community consequent upon their having obtained political freedom and upon having secured their birthright. "(Applause.) I was here when the Parliament of Queensland decided to set apart December 10 as a day of rejoicing all over the colony, because it was the date upon which the people of Queensland secured their political freedom.. (Applause.) Having the freedom attained, I have always endeavoured, in my .bnmblc way, to ' develop the great (and grand resources of Queensland, and to make Queensland what it •Is to-day. (Applause.) I contend when } we are asked to sell our birthright and to part with these privileges, that I have the 'right to come here and say, "Are you going ;to do the right thing or the wrong thing?" '.{Hear, hear.) Let me ask you, as intelligent men, to discuss this question apart from part}' . politics, to throw aside politics altogether, and consider the question on its merits and Siow it will affect tho colony as it is at the ^present time, and as it will be hereafter. Let mo say here, 1 do sot believe that one-half of yon, I will even say I do cot think sine lenths • of you, estimate as you ought .to estimate the magnificent territory wo have in Queensland. (Hear, hear.) It has been my great privilege to travel over a. large area of this continent^ from east to west and from liOrth to south. I can say that in all the places in Australia wherein I have travelled, tlierc is nowhere any territory so grand as that in Queensland. (Applause.) The Darling Downs has ' gradually, and only I gradually, datrned upon the city of Brisbane as a great avenue of trade. And I hare pointed out to Parliament at different times what the Darling Downs were capable of, and in the past I have been met with the reply, 44 You regard the Darling Downs as the hub of the universe." In calling the Downs the hub of the universe perhaps members exaggerated, hut I unhesi tatingly say it is the garden of Australia. (Applause.)* And when Sir Thomas Mitchell first saw them in their virginity, he said, 14 You may find another Aus tralia, hut you will never find another Darling Downs." And yet, I tell you that the Darling Downs are but as a drop in the ocean compared with the vast tracts of fertile country in the central districts. There are millions upon millions of the finest territory you ever saw or heard of in your life, and it only requires a railway to make that country the home of millions of prosper ous settlers. But now it remains undeveloped and unprofitable. In the past you people of Brisbane have overlooked your own interests. You were led away by political factions. If you had been alive 20 years ago there would now be a train leav ing Charters Towers daily for Brisbane, and one from Brisbane to Charters Towers every morning; and you would not have heard of Separation. But you have allowed the trade to drift away whilst you have been discussing the transcontinental schemes of politicians. If yen had been alive to your own interests, in place of your 100,000 people, it is no exaggeration to say that Brisbane to-day would have a population of. 200,000 people. In Sydney, all the railways of New South Wales are centred: in Melbourne, those of Victoria; those of England in London ; and if, as the saying -was in ancient times, all roads lead to Home, so in this colony all the great roadways should lead to the metropolis. In consequence of this not bring so you hare lost all yonr trade, and I do not exaggerate when I say that that magnificent country in the central districts, on which you have recently seen—and very justly, too—an increase of rents assessed by the Land Court, mizht have been in direct communicatieu with Brisbane! But all this trade has gone to Melbourne; and, still more, from the returns in the 44 Government Gazette," you will find that seven-tenths of the lessees arc in the bands of the financial institutions of other colonies. Now, look at your imports, which arc £5,000,000, and your exports, £10,000,000 ; if you reason the question out. on sensible lines, and ask, supposing that was an absolute' return from the products of the! country, brought back . to - the country1 again to be expended amongst the population, this colony should he the most prosperous country on the face of the earth. But, unfortunately, the large surplus of exports over imports goes away into other countries, and. supplies other populations with their capital. In fact, after my travels all through the colonics in 1S97,1 came to the conclusion that the time had arrived that when a Treasurer began to look about him for new sources of revenue, au absentee tax was the first thing which should be imposed. (Hear, hear.) Now, I mention this to bring you up to what I am coming to. Ask yourselves this question, who are the advocates of federation at the present time ? (A voice: "Sensible men.") I quite admit it. They are sensible men, and if they accomplish what they have in view, I think a great many of you will say, after wards, that they were very sensible men. (Hear, hear.) But go back to the primary cause and you will find - that the agitation started chiefly iu Victoria. Now, X have made it a part of my political life to take an interest in politics ontside our own colony, and I have watched the political career of the other two colonies, as well as our own. Now, what the "sensible men" referred to did is this. Thoy erected an iron wall around Vic toria. This colony is about five or six times the size of Viotoria,' but the Victorians said. " Wo will assist and protect the people within those walls," and we will assist them to open up industries, to build up a mighty nation amongst them selves. They would not allow a ton of flour from Queensland or any other place to pass through their territory without paying £5 per ton—and that duty is still imposed. When the American boats are . bringing in the Manitoban and San Franciscan wheat there is not a single ton going into Victoria, | because tiro £o - pec ton bars .the Tray. (Mr* Kingsbury: "That is what tho Barling Downs wants to*day.M) Now I am only men tioning what is done. In all the other branches of agricultural produce the same high tariff existed, and in every other branch of industry the same high tariff was imposed, making importations of what could bo manufactured in the colony totally prohibitive, and tho result has been that at the present time Victoria has, according to the latest statistics which I am able to obtain—namely, from Coghlan, and he seems an authority nobody disputes—so his figures no ono will contradict—regarding tho encouragement of men to agricul ture by too imposition of a high protective duty, • and something . more than that—there was not only the high pro-1 tective duty, but tho Government of thatl generation saw this, that the tillage of the and could not be carried out without mini mising labour as much ns possible, so they J offeree! large bonuses for the manufacture of agricultural implements of the latest Canadian and American design. They, offered £500 as a bonus for the manufacture within the colony of a binder :ind reaper on tho prin ciple of the Wood harvester and binder, or rather on that principle, for they eonld* not have the patent of it. They voted no less than £250,000 for bonuses- for the en couragement of agriculture, and during last year alono '(having an ere to the Commonwealth Bill, which prohibits any bonuses being given by the States), they voted the further sum of £153,000 for agri culture during the current year, so that, with all these encouragements, with high prohibitive duty, can you wonder at it for one moment that Victoria has attained the position she has reached to- day, and is now willing to knock down the harriers which she has imposed on herself, and says to Queensland: Taking us at this moment, let mo illustrate it —the style of argument our friends arc using —one of the new" members in the House. Ho has only entered Parliament this year for the first time. He said, " You will have 2,000,000 bushels of wheat this year." This is ready reckoning your chickens beforo they are hatched, because the wheat is not yet sown in the ground—-so bow can you forecast a harvest, as the farmersareonlynowplougbing tbo ground? And yot we are told, "But you are going to have 2,000,000 bushels or wheat," says this gentleman. I only wish they will have. I hope God will bless them to such an extent that they will have it. Hero is Vic toria, with all we have at the present time. We have in Queensland 500,000 acres under cultivation, notwithstanding 100,000 acres of which i* under sugar alone. Whereas Vic toria at thcprcsaat has no less than 1,657,000 acres under cultivation. Mr. Kixcsbuey: What is the average production per acre in the Darling Downs Y Mr. Gbooh : I consider only one man can speak at a time. I will listen to you after wards. (Shortly after Mr. Kingsbury left the niee:ing.)_ Out of our enonnous area we have less Thau half a million,' whereas Vic toria has 1,657,000 acres under wheat alone, and for the .season 1897-8 no less than 12,000,000 bushels of wheat, and able to prepare for its export, not only her own consumption ; £o per ton barred the way for those coming into Victoria. And even supposing, for argument's sake, that we had got our 2.000,000 bushels of wheat in Queensland, we would he pnt against the 12,000,000 in Victoria, because it would he infinitely better for the people of Victoria to send their wheat here than to ilie fluctuating markets of London. (A voice: "What about the grand country you speak about?") The country is all right, but the trouble is wo have cot got the population. (Hear, hear.) For the benefit of the gentleman who interjected, let roe tell him that it is only within the last two years, since the passing of the Agricultural Lands Repurchase Act, that the thousands of acres on the Darling Downs bavo been released from' merely growing sheep, and applied to .tho use of human beings, as Goa intended they should be. I hope before very long that the farmers of Queensland will bo able to produce not merely 2,000,000 bushels of wheat, but as large a quantity as is now prodnccd by the colony of Victoria. Now, 1 wish to refer to the manufacture of butter. As a result of pay ing tho ouormous bonuses which Victoria has done for tho purpose of encouraging the dairying industry, they have been able to make that industry go ahead more than any other of tbc British dependencies, not even excepting Canada. Last year, according to Cogblan, Victoria produced 34,5G1.000 lbs. of butter for export, and were so successful as to be ablo to competo in the London market with the Danish butter, which had up to that time had pretty well its own way. While we in Queensland have been engaged in dallying with grand schemes, such as the transcontinental railway, we have forgotten to make the best use of the country we have had and the people we have had. (Hear, hear.) I have been for tears and years past, for the lost 25 years, advo cating the repurchase by the Government of j the magnificent country in the Darling Downs for the purpose of agricultural settle ment, but it is only within tlio lost two years that the Parliament of the colony has'seen the wisdom of repurchasing the lands in question. When travelling in the train yesterday I had a conversation with a mem ber of the Land Board who had been in specting an area of 16,000 acres of beautiful country on whichnot aringlefarm is now to be seen. (Mr.Keogh." That's Lake Clarendon.") Yes, that is Lake Clarendon, and the gentle man I have referred to informed mo that he is going to recommend the Government to repurchase that area. In reply to the gentle man who a few moments ago asked me about tho grand country, I would point out that tho advancement of agriculture in Queensland ; did not receivo anything like a fair start until the year 1870. Prior to that date squatter dora was in the ascendant, and if the squatters allowed a man the privilege of getting five or ten acres of land they thought they had done a wonderful thing, and the idea of giving half, a million acres of land to settle upon would have been quite out of their calculations altogether. It was not until 186S. .that a Land Bill was introduced, there are three men who stand out pro minently .for their insistence upon the inclusion of the American homestead clauses.. I mean the late Mr. James Morgan, Mr. Patrick O'Sullivan, of Ipswich, j and your humble servant. (Hear, hear, and ! applause.) We stood out then, and although I we had to .effect .a compromise, to give and! take, in order to cany it, yet we succeeded in securing it,, so that instead of 5, 10, or Id acres we got 160 acres of land for tho settler. In the year 1S70 legislation was carried through which had tho effect of in creasing that area to 320 acres—Mr. J. M. Thompson, of Ipswich, being the Minister for Lands at the timo — with the result that some of tho very best farmers ou the Darling Downs arc among those who took up their land in 1870, They are the men who are now prosperous, who cat: walk into tho store and give their cheque without tho slightest hesitation. That was the effect of the liberal land legisla tion; but, in addition to that in 1870, the Parliament of Queensland adopted - a partial protective tariff for the purpose of protecting the farmers from the introduction of produce from the older colonies in the south. In 1S8S Sir Thomas M'Qwraitli came into power, and ho imposed a further protec tive tariff amounting to £400,000, although it was not altogether protective, but was partially for revenue purposes, and in 1892, when my friend Mr. Unmack was a member of his Government, he still further amplified tho protective tariff. Ho gave as his reason for recommending that policy to tho country that the time had arrived in tho history of Queensland that it was absolutely. necessary to establish manufac turing industries. (Applause.) His attention was called to the number of the boys and girls in tba schools, thousands of them. There were then 5,000 boys a year sent out into tho world (there are double now) to earn their own living and to work out their own salvation. The question was asked, a Where aro our boys to find employment ? " They could not all go on the land, they could not all be policemen or railway porter*. (Laughter.) Sir Thomas AITlwraith said that industries must be established, and what was more he carried out his intention. (Applause.) We give him tho credit for it. I always thought his policy commended itself to the common sense of the country, and I am sure they en dorsed every word of what ho said. X will tell you something of his tariff on that occasion. Take furniture, as one item alone. At that time the auction rooms in Brisbane were inundated by consignment* of English furniture, to the great injury of the mechanics and other tradesmen of Brisbane. A voice: What about Chinese ? Air, Gnoox: Yes, Chinese were doing it. Sir Thomas AI'Ilwraith placed an ad valorem duty of *25 per cent upon furniture imported from other countries. I do not know anything about your condition in Brisbane, but in my own town two large manufactories were established through this tariff. Other places have beeu established there, and they have not only manufactured the goods in the colony, hut they have given em ployment to their own fellow-colonists. (Applause.) Then, take boots and shoes. Sir Thomas imposed duties of 33s., 21s., 17s. Gd., 19s. Gd., lGs., and lis. Gd. per dozen on boots and shoes imported; and will you say that these duties have not increased the manufacture of boots in the colony ? Has that not been the effect of it in Brisbane? Two of the manufactories I have referred to employ each 80 boys and girls in my own electorate. And they would not have been established had it not been for these duties. Then, again, with reference to those who are engaged in tho manufacture of buggies and coaches and waggon*, Sir Thomas Al'Hwrairh imposed a duty of £25 upon every mail coach imported. At that time Cobb and Co. imported their coaches from their own works. In Charlevillo now they have a coach manufactory, where from 80 tQ.100 men are employed. Sir Thomas also imposed a duty of £12 each on waggons and waggonettes, £20 each., upon four-wheeled vehicles; for barouches and vehicles used by the wealthy classes, anyone who wished to import these had to. pay £30 for each vehicle. That is your tariff to-day, and if you arc rrepared, in ac cordance with the conditions of the bill, to surrender these rights and privileges which j Parliament has granted to you, I say it is! your owu fault. (Loud applause.) Let me give you an instance of a practical farmer in my own district. In that district a number of men are engaged in, and make comfortable livings ont of, the wine industry. Ono of them has written a letter to the editor of tlio lFtiicrn Star. Ke savs :— Sis.—I ace by this morning's pjyper a meeting ia to be called to consider the advisability ot getting federal advocates to lecture on the ad vantages ot federation. I say certainly get tliem, and let us know oil about it. Let us have their ideas plain that all the elector* may have an idea what they are voting for, and. what they may expect as a result of their voting. And by " *" ' ill all means let us have the anti-federalists c _ . . to give us their version of its baneful result*— if it comes—so that we may not, as New South Wales antl-federatiste say. voto lu th« dark, for feat of everlasting regret. I am quite satis fied ot it& actions on me and my business, and all those who aro engaged in grape-growing. When we aro.put on a level footing with strong financial firms in the south, who have built up their properties and paid for thein years ago. and stand free financially to- day. besides living in a bettor climate, where thtsy have better grapes and larger crops and every facility, and long gained practical experience, I ask, when we in our infe< t stage, only just emerging out of difficulties and only, so to speak, just knowing our way about-Low is it possible that we can exist, leave alone lire, when pifcfe J* against such long odds T Those southern me'- ' c't with their large and well filled cellars up to hr • ai a million gallons can swamp us Quecnshmdet: ' «<■ and run us out of the market. TUeso peof , soil wine in England at a net price of is. Get-, ' 01 gallon l They buy their gropes for 30s. or 35i'- a ton I You ask our grnpegrowers what ti/ K think of selling grapes atthnt price-which th' • i certainly wlllliaTotodoif we getfederatiofu i ^ will mean wreck and ruin to all concerned Intl' 01 grape and wine business directly we are plice- b on a level with peopl* in every way betV a length of time tboy have _ ... . Queenriandcrs : quite ?o or 40 Tears) to get ba' • q tbc money they expended to make the" &' properties and business 60 years ago. . -e •litwMn, Hi tbi» thought nf it* iv.vilf* m, 1 shuuder at the thought of its results Sly beautiful vineyard that has taken rue 5. © years' hard labour and thought to put tc a gether will be turned into ft cow paddock 'h ms cellars, there v\\-ill be no use for them, m;:\ they will be turneil into hay fiheds or shell/' ^ for cattle : and as for the casks, they will V . <1 food for the white nnts. Such ore the deplijra&v; i effects that-1 picture as the result of federate'" * in grapo growing and wino making. My - years' work will decay with nir. I thought £ 1 was working for my w f« and children, but tl-. 1 (icvernment are trying to deprive them of the-* -r legal rights-the result of their father's labotr- % When the day of voting comes I hope thevoti?- : will be sufficient against federation, that ttrp: 3 ruin of my trade together with others trill t averted. £ j {Loud applause.) Now, Mr. Mayor, that & i not tue opinion of a man swayed by pre: ( judicc, or whes? passions have carried Mrst • j away. It is the plain, unvarnished slat#, ■, mcnt of a practical man who has invested hi? .. ] all in the Konui district, said to be one of .1 finest giapo-growing districts in the colony^ Voices: Name, name? EC Mr. Grook: His name? Well, it W Mr. Samuet Bassett, well known fc£ Bas sett's wine all over the colony. {Apr plans?.) When n mun pictures bis ruin it£ ^ Mich a way. does it not appeal to your intclli£. gence, your manhood? Does it,not;impe£. . 1 you to say that you willnot hesitate to oppose^: .1 this step and to demand all the information : 1 you can get upon this question before yoi|, j sacrifice tho rights you have secured ? (liuq£ , applause.) I told you about the Agricultural. Lauds Repurchase Act, and wo have undec, that Act invited the farmers from* Victoria!. South Australia, and other places in- thc> south to take up land on the Downs. Tbtr whole of the Headiugton Hill Estate, 32,00$: aures in extent, was taken up, but during thtr; first season they were stricken by drought 4 the heavens were like brass, and no rain fej)£ Thoy than planted maize, that ali? failed, and when tho returns wer^ called for- in . Parliament, in orda that their financial condition in relation the claims of the-Government might be seen£ they were all in arrears. If that is the case" now, what prospect will they have when, tho protection is taken away, a protection! given to them by Parliament. ts£ enable them to earn a livelihood# I say, gentlemen, that we are, as they were£ ! one of the yonngest colonics of tho group £ Until West Australia, obtaining by sloi^ development from a Crowu colony to one; possessing responsible government, we were; the youngest colony of tho group. Now, the' editor of the paper to which I referred > just now—tho Western Star—wrote a leader in reply to Mr. Bassett, aud I will give yco' one extract from Mr. Bassett's reply to iV because really it may apply to some others as well as tho editor of the Western Star, He.' to be able to think the same ; but knnwina my. business in all its brancbt-s thoroughly. If know it will bring ruin. I doresnjv you base my business on the same, grounds^ as your o*n. You blacken your type in. the* evening, and you liave your production for sa!et In tho morning. In my trade, to bullda-vfnc-^,. yard in this treacherous climate—where ore has to plant in all probability ten times over beloreL ho has much result, even olio wing oneself to'peK.. very successful—it takes ten years before ha has any production in wine to sell. £ Now, I say, it is all very well for leadetf, writers in Brisbane, who indulge in sentiment, I . to brand myself and other gentlemen as paro-r chialiste and provincialiste, and other odilj names. I answer them and say that I am; living in a district where there aro thousands;, of families who have to work early and late/ to put up with privutions, and to .encounter difficulties which would cause many of yon: to shudder if you know all. Tho men who have gone out into the back ridges, and who1 have converted scrubs into smiling borne-:, steads, will have to wait years before theyj can bo repaid anything like a return foe - tho energy and labour put into the land/ But on the other hand, tho leader-writer/? as Mr. Baesett says, has his ink wet at. nights sells his paper in the morning, and receive^ the proceeds in the evening. But the days*1 of sentiment in these matters arogone, anctK we have to look at tho question as practical*; business men, and to ask ourselves how wc/t who have been here for years, will be individu«£; ally affected. One of their cries is that wheit£. federation comes the population will increase^; by leaps and bounds. But history will telly you that population will follow wherevcu£; labour and wealth lies. It is not becausd;: federation comes that population will follow 5*: if you want population you must attract it-j^ From tho Colonial Treasurer's financial^, statement of tho last session of Parliament^: I find that this colony has votod i3,500,000/,: for immigration. And where has tho popu-|: lation gone to? Did not SirJohu Robert-p son iti years gono by say that Queensland *F*V tho best imnugratiou agent that Now South/. Wales had? And why? Bccau^o she was*" importing population by tho thousand, bug-; mado no provision for their employment. Iff population is going to flow into Queensland^/ with fedcratiou, there must bo* somc-;f - thing' to bring tbcm here. Now, wjv I I6ok " at it, we are askrfjf in the first 'placo to surrender our customs^ rovorine. In tirnc^ gono by, if tho Traasufer£ felt himself dt a lo'aS to triako ends moot, he at£ once flew to the custom-houso, and picked^ out articled of 'luxury on which t<g levy duties. But when federation comes you will bare no such resources. The customs revenue is taken away from von, . and then you will have to fall back upon direct taxation. Br. M.*Lanrin has proved as con clusively as is possible that the result will be a taxation to tho oxtcnt. of' £2 4s. per head upon every man, woman, and child, to meet their contributions in connection with tho deficiencies caused by tho loss of intercolonial duties, apart altogether from tho additional taxation which mustbo imposed in order to meet tho re quirements of this colony through the surrender of our customs revenue to the Federal Government. (A voice: "Will not one balance the other?") No. it will not; .and I may say that my cxpcrieoco of 40 years haa taught mo tbat when once a Treasurer ■ gets possession of money it is very hard in . .deed to get it out of him again. (Applause.) , A gentleman told me ho was in Sydney for n fortnight a short timo ago. Ho is a public man, and has yet to express himself upon this ' federation question. Ho wanted to find the -general feeling in Sydney on this question, and he rode on omnibuses and tramcars ask ing opinions .about federation, and according to bis own calculations and conclusions he found it. Ho saicl the federalists were obliged to use this bait. To tho artisans and working classes they said. "Vote for federation, because there will be a new federal city, which will cost £5,00),000 to build." But we must not forget tbat the •interest on this sum has to be borno by tbo various colonies. Where will the surplus of the customs revenue come from? Ask yourself that question. I say, speaking as a representative of an agricultural constituency whose interests I am bound in all honour to protect aa much as I can—knowing from past experience, having shared their reverses and . their prosperity as well—I am in duty bound •to consider federation and to see -that no classes of the community arc misled by it, but to dispassionately consider it in all its issues, and then you arc able to gire a proper and intelligent rote upon it. I have eaid—and I do not recall ono word of what Ihavo said—I am con* Tinced federation will mean the ruin of • thousands of all classes of the community. A gentleman said in tho early part of the evening that tho southern federalists were sensible men, but tho utterances I hare read to you arc those of as sensible a man; as you can find anywhere, who is absolutely engaged in the industry, who is abto to describe accurately the results of what -will happen if it is brought into effect. X will not trespass further on your time —("Go on. Go on.")—I wont to give Mr. Unmack a chance to say what he has to say. Ho has had numerous disguised attackers, men who like to hit from behind the bush, men who willnotcometo the front, and tell us who they arc. He has a right to vindicate his former statements, and challenge tho accuracy of his opponents. I will not stand in his way. I gladly stand before you to-night on invitation ; I baro acceded to tho request of the gentlemen who \- asked mc to say a few words worn an agricul tural standpoint. If I have given you new facts or new light on the mattor I shall be amply repaid, "if these were tho last words I were to address on this subject I would say, 41 By all the ties which bind yon to your native or adopted country, by all you hold dear on earth and sacred in heaven, I say that when tho time comes to vote on this hill, if you think this bill is diametrically opposed to the best interests of yourself. and this colony, I would say reject it." (Applause.) MB. UNMACK'S SPEECH. , Mr. Theodore Untcack, who was reoeived with loud applause, said: Ladies and gentle* men,—It is at the unanimous request of the Anti-Convention Bill League I am here again to-night. Tho reasons are various, but chiefly because the committee considered —and so do I—that an opportunity ought to be given to me to again reassert tho state ments I have modo in the Centennial Hall. Most of yon, if not all, know that only about a month ago I addressed a largo meeting at tbo Centennial Hall against the adoption of the Convention Bill in its present form. Many and various critics—so-called critics people who bare become possessed of this quibbling spirit, tried to draw an "argu ment in some shape or form to show I was ou tho wrong track. Not one of those critics have opposed the statements and facts I then made. In the first place, I said there would be very heavy taxation owing to the Federal Government—in the first instance of £\ per head of population—also, that we should be subject to a protectionist outside tariff, which would increase the taxation undt;r which wo arc labouring. Sir Samuel Griffith, in his excellent address which ho delivered last week, has also referred to the financial position. Now, ladies and gentle men, wo are all agreed that wo admire the very great abilities which Sir Samuel Griffith is possessed of. We consider hi in— we may all say ho is—incapable of wil fully misrepresenting any faots or placing them wilfully wrongly before tho pub lic ; wo fed that ho has argued all I his conclusions from a spirit of fuirucss, i with which ho is himself possessed; hut, Indies and gentlemen, I do not agree with all the conclusions which Sir Satnud boa arrived I at There is not a layman who would I venture to question his interpretation of any matters of law, hut I say when ho touches financial subjects at all events there are those who aro just as able and just as capable as ho I is exactly to deal with them. (Applause.) Now, much as I admire Sir Samuel in all his ability, still as regards financial matters I do not place myself behind him in any shape or other. I consider I am joBt as capable—and probably moro so—to arrive at a conclusion on thisquoition from a financial and business point ©f riow as he is. Tliereforo I shall endeavour to show that somehow he has allowed himself to go astray in the exposition of the finance. Like all any-price federalists, ho has en* deavoured to prove too mnoh. "When I read his address in which he said the cost to us would only be £50,0001 really felt overjoyed, and read on hoping to read in the next sentence that we were making a profit oat of the concern, and farther expected that he should havo told us that they were taking us into partnership as a junior partner without exacting a premium from us. I was disappointed I did not find it. I consider there is a screw loose somewhere in the figures Sir Samuel places befote us. Sir Samuel tolls us the cost of federation to us would bo £50,000. But what does our Premier say? Ho is in possession of all the figures, and he freely almits that the cost of the federal government to us will be £100,000. That is one point, at all events, where I think a correction ought to bo made. Then again he goes into the matter of the loss of the intercolonial duties, and here again I hay he is altogether wrong. He goes into ancient history. (Laughter.) Sir Samuel Griffith says that in 1891 the collection of duties ou colonial manufactured articles amounted to £100,000. Since then the collec tion of those duties has shown a falling off because we have done les3 trade with them. To begin with Sir Samuel is altogether wrong in saying that the duties amounted to £100,000, because asa matteroffactitwas only £79.332 15s. 5d. I take that amount from the statistics, which arc just as much available to him as they aro to me. I could quote for you the figures for the subsequent years, but I have made up my mind not to weary you with too many statistics, but I will just mention that in 189.5, which was the latest year on which these figures were made up by the customs statisticians in that particular form, it amounted to £1*25,62110s. 2d. Since 1S05 that system of keeping the accounts has been altered, in accordance with the desires of the Home Government, so as to enable them to make ont their statistics in a better fonn. As far as I have been able to make it up, the amount in ISO" for duties so collected was £160,000, and that amount'will be lost to us. Sir Samuel Griffith also estimates the loss of intercolonial dntics for all the six colonies at from £700,000 to £600,000. The only reply I can give to that is that from the acknowledged statistics made np in the colony of Now South Wales, based ou the last 3£ years* tariff, the loss will bo £1,250,000. and not £700,000 or £600,000. Sir Samuel Griffith next pro- | ceedii to ridicule the idea of the statement IJ made that we should lose about £200,000 cn j account of inability to collect duties on articles of British and foreign trade which come from i ; the various colonies to us, because you will; remember that thero is a clause under which tbo colony which consumes the articles is to be credited with it. He ridicules what I said before, but I say again that it is absolutely impossible for us to carry out that system of collection. I assert it fearlessly, because; I know that no merchant, even if he felt so inclined, could render a faithful and just account of these duties. It was quite impossible—because, take any class of manufactured orticlo; take boots for instance. They would be composed partly of colonial leather and partly of im ported leather, while tacks, lining, and all other kinds of things will be imported, and on which duty will have been paidL How could a merchant give the exact amount which ought to be credited to the other colonies ? Take clothing as another instance. You have imported material and local material, but they are so much divided and split up that it is quite impossible to arrive at the exact estimate of what ought to be credited to the other colony, but duties to be credited cau only be allowed upon the cost price. Is a merchant at all likely to disclose to bis customer the cost of bis goods through the custom-house ? No merchant would do that. It is an absolute certaiutj that there must be a very heavy [ loss incurred upon these duties that arc abso lutely impossible to collect. There will be a considerable loss, amounting to £1 per head extra taxation, which must be made up by our own Government. Wo lose £330,000 or, say, £315,000; we lose a quarter of onr cus toms revenue, wo lose £160,000 by the remis sion of intercolonial duties, and, say, £100,000 on account of our inability to collect the dutios. That will amount altogether to about £500,000 or £600,000, or equivalent to £l-per head of population. Some people argue that these duties will not be lost to us, hut that our consumers will he the gainers of more than that amount. I have already on previous occasions contradicted i that aud shown that it is not so, because the I retail consumer will not get the benefit of the | remission of those dutios. It is quite possible that the amount of the duties would go into the pockets of the middleman, hut to say that it would bo so much saved by the retail con sumer is quite incorrect. (A. voice: 14How so?") I will tell you how. Suppose you are paying 15s. per ton on potatoes. Do you j mean to tell me that the knocking off of the' duties will reduce the price you have to pay for the potatoes by one solitary penny ? (A voice: Of course not.") We arc told that we shall bo saving £1 per ton on flour, hut does any sane man tell me that it will, reduce the price of a loaf by one fraction of a penny. (A voles: 41 What about butter and cheese?") Why, as for butter and cheese, you will be swamped by it from the other colonies. (A voice: 44Then we will live on treacle." Laughter.) That is all right. (Laughter.) I have never argued what the real cost of the Federal Government is going to be, but I do argue what will be the cost to us, because you must hear in mind that our revenue and our expenditure are at the present time just about baluneing themselves. Wo have a small credit surplus, therefore whatever we havo to surrender from our revenue must be made up by our own Government in order to make ends moet. (Hear, hoar.) That does not bring us to the cost of what the Federal Government will be, although I gay it will be | a great deal more than these gentlemen make; out. Now we have jnat lately had the plea- i sure of listening to two very fine speeches by I gentlemen who came up from the contli, Messrs. Barton and Dealrin. There is no I doubt about it, those speeches were really! splendid—that is to say, from an oratorical point of view. (A. voice: "The organ] was better." Laughter.) Yes, the] organ was better,- only they forgot to; play the '• Bead March." (Laughter.)! At all events we succeeded in ono way—the { Anti-Convention League persuaded all their | friends to go to the meeting to give them a show, and wc have sent those two gentlemen borne to their own colonics with the impres sion that there is not a soul in Queensland since their visit who is opposed to federation. But the wave of sentiment which they created has now gone past. I have not found a single federationist who is able to say 44 Messrs. Barton and Dealrin told us of such and such an advantage." , They have made fine speeches, but are wc going to be swayed by fine speeches ? "We want some thing better. A voice: Yes, something more practical. Mr. U:?HAcx: Well, I will dispose of Mr. Deakin in ouc act. (Laughter.) It is a lovely figure of speech. He said this: 44 But it seems to rac that the provincialists of Ylc torn, (he meant of Queensland of course, but he did not like to say it) are 'more governed by sentiment than argument. And what arc the sentiments which influence them? With*! out being uncomplimentary, I may say their leading sentiments are envy, jealousy, and fear. Now, if wo are going to be governed by sentiment (aud now comes the lovely senti-, raent), I would prefer to have a sentiment of brotherly love, trust, and loyalty, rather than a sentiment of jealousv, envy, and fear." And so say all of us. (frear, bear.) But that request for brotherly love and trust, and loyalty comes with an exceedingly bad grace from one in Victoria who has been one of the foremost to secure all the advantages for that colony; and then he comes here to you aud speaks of brotherly love and trust. | ••Why don't you trust us?" he inquires, i (Loud applause and laughter.) I • look upon it as notning else but what is ordinarily called the confidence trick. (Applause.) The con fidence trick is lovely for all concerned except the man with the money, and it is not lovely for us. We want proof that we shall be fairly and honourably and justly treated alongside others, aud for fear 'of a slip between the cup and the hp we want that in serted in the bill, as the Victorians have it. (Cheers.) The next thing Mr. Barton tackles me upon (and he makes a very swoep * ig statement) is whether 1 know hat I am talking about. Me says I do not understand what federation means. Well, now, snch a statement as that from a public man might cause an admiring audience to swallow; but such a sweeping assertion coming from a barrister and a Q.C.! is certainly calculated to squash me alto-1 gether. (Laughter.) Mr. Keoou : Of course not. Mr. (Jxxacs: Ob, wait a bit. X will squash them directly. (Applause.) It is calculated to weaken all my other argamunts, because if he could induce the audience to be lieve that I do not understand what I am talking about, my arguments are, of course. weaker. I believe that all tliose who know me in Brisbane know I am not a man to speak upon any subject unless I bare a fair and reasonable acquaintance with it. (Applause.) Unless Mr. Barton (and I am in good company in making this statement) is a better authority than John Stuart Mill, be is "not right. John Stuart Mill sap?: | " There are two different modes of organising [ a federal union. The federal authorities may I represent the Governments solely and their acta may be obligatory omy on the Governments, as such, or they may have ' the power of enacting laws and issuing j orders which are binding directly on 1 individual eitizexfs. The more perfect mode of federation is where every citizen of each ; particular State owes obedience to two i Governments—that of his own State and that I of the federation.'* I think I am coming out on top here. When I said X preferred u union, to put everything together, to have one I Parliament and one Government I did so in ! tclligently, because while I acknowledge and ' admit that the mode ho advocates is the more perfect one in accordance with the anthorit v j I have just quoted, it is hedged round with | so many'snares and pitfalls that I prefer the | less perfect one, and to take my chance of jus tice. Mr. Barton next discusses the question of intercolonial freetmdo and its effect. He says: "It is said that the industries of Queensland will be crippled. It means that under intercolonial freetraac there will bo an opportunity—(I hops all those employed In factories will pay attention to this, because it is rather important)—for every industry to live that has life worth living in it. (Continued cheering.) Iudostries that cannot progress without a tariff must take n back seat iu favour of more progressive ones. (Loud applause.)" Now, the Queensland audience which cheered 6uch a statement as that— A voico; It did not. j Mr. Unka. k : Well, the paper says it did. If they did, they know very little indeed of j what they were cheering. Did they con-; aider that Yiotoria and New South Wales were fully equipped in tlicir industries, and I that under that statement we in Queensland! would havo to take a back seat ? Now, what; about the farmers, whose causo our worthy friend Mr. Groom has so ably advocated ? Mr. Keoqh : Hear, hear. Mr. Unjuck: For many years the farmers struggled, and struggled, and could not pro gress until they secured the protective tariff, I which has set them upon their legs. They have still to stand southern competition in spito of the duty, and they are not yet able to supply Queensland wants. But I tell you this—do away with the duties, and! Queensland will bo the damping* ground for the produce of all the other colonies which they cannot now gst rid of. Mr. Kzogz: It will be the dumping ground for their agriculturists too. Mr. Usxi.ce : Then a statement was pub lished in the Courier, either last Friday or last Saturday, in reference to the imports and exports of maize. It gives a return for the last ten years of the imports and exports, and within a thousand or two bushels the ex ports equal the imports. But the Courier did not tell us that the largest portion of the ex ports in 1891 and 189*2 were absolutely compulsory in a measure, because we had a fine season for grass, and there was no call for maize. The London market offered great attraction in prices, and so maize was sent away, chiefly by way of Hew South Wales. I am speaking now from memory, but I think maize had gone down to 9d. or It*, d bushel. A voice: Yes, that is right. Mr. UsxiCE: And it was bought up in large quantities and shipped chiefly from Sydney to England. But when I come to make ri calculation I find that, according to these figures, the average price per bushel of our exports was 2s. 6}dL, whilst that of our imports was 3s. 3£d., a very considerable difference. How, when you consider that in addition to that there is Sd. per bushel duty, I think we pay pretty dearly. But we must not forget that these import* were necessitated through bad seasons. For instance, immediately after the flood of 1893 a very large quantity come in, ana. therefore, for whatever purpose it is intended to use this statement, it shows us that we are not in a position to supply ourselves- Now, this "maize" business was a very unfortunate selection, because maize is really only, practically speaking, produced in two colonics. Our average production is 2-54 bushels per acre, and that of New South Wales 32 bushels, so that therefore, you see, if you do away with the duty our farmers will not have much chance. Now, let us take another phase. Not only arc these gentlemen doing all they can to do away with these duties, hut they arc trying to get the New South Wales farmers to ao everything they can in favour of federation by saying, 44 Oh, you will have the Queensland markets open to y*ou, and can get rid of jour stuff there." There is an article upon which Mr. Groom did not tonch, which is important, and that is the growing of barley for malting purposes. There ore two malt ing houses in Toowoomba, and just recently one bo3 been, erected at considerable expense by some gentlemen in all good faith that their enterprise would prove a profitable one. Now, as 'soon as the duty is taken off, the malting houses may be used as barns. That is where Victoria and the others, with their large production, will score. Victoria produces 753,451 bushels, and Queensland only 133,010 bushels, and South Australia 1G2,000 bushels. How can we stand against that? Take again the wino industry. Vic toria produces 2,822,2G2 gallons, South Aus tralia 1,283,000 gallons, and Queensland 207,000 gallons. How can we compete against that ? The moment our duties are taken off our wine growers may as well plough up their vines. They cannot hold 'their own. . (Hear, hear.) Now, the gentlemen who came here advocat ing the abolition of theso duties know well tbat in Victoria duties nave done so much that the production in that colony lias overtaken their consumption, and they must find an outside market or close the greater portion of their factories. And are we to bo ttie victims? Why should not we have the benefit of the same thing for a time ? (Prolonged applause.) I think these gentle men must have laughed up their sleeves to see what seeming simpletons we were. Since I have been chairman of this Anti Convention Bill League many of the manufacturers have communicated with me, and why? (A voice: "Thcv knew it would please you.") But I am not a manufacturer. They know that I would stand up as u man and speak a word in their favour. (Applause.) Employers of an aggregate number of at least 2,oU0 hands tell me that they will be absolutely unable to continue if these duties are taken off, and that under the circumstances they would prefer to close their factories here and go >onth, where there is a larger population, and a greater demand than here. Other manu facturers, w.ho have only branch establish ments here, with their headquarters in the south, say, "We ore not going to run two places when there is no duty." As far as I can see, at least 3,500 people will either be thrown out of work, or have to go to the south, where wages are from •«i0 per cent to 30 per cent lower than they are here. (" No, no.") Well, there is no use dis puting the question, and an instance is that , of a hoot factory here. A certain class of | small boots are made in Sydney, for ! which men working by the piece are paid -Id. a pair, while the saiuc work is paid for here at i Gd. a pair. That is 33 J per cent anyhow. Now, say 3,500 people are affected in this way, it will represent a stoppage of from £3,000 to £0,000 in wages weekly, which is a very large sum for a place liko Brisbane. Of course these people would not come here to tell us where the shoo piuches them; they are too good orators. You have only, as it were, to get them on a platform, and put a penny in the slot, and off they go! Mr. Barton gave a splendid oration about Chamberlain's views upon Imperial and Australian federation; hut supposing a number of factory hands lose their employment, and their wives and families want a meal, can you offer them a dish full of Mr. Chamberlain's views, and ask them to feed upon that? Can you say, "My dear.wife, you belong to a very great nation how, and I think that should satisfy you; feed on that." Well, is intercolonial freetrade such a cer tain ty? X doubt it very much. The bill was full of snares and pitfalls. I will only draw your attention to one clause—111—which reads in this' way: " After uniform duties of customs bare been imposed, a ^Btate may levy on imports or exports, or on goods pasting into or oat of - the State, such charges as may bo necessary for executing the inspection laws of the State; but the net produce of all charges so levied shall be for tbc use of the commonwealth, and any such inspection laws may be annulled by the Parliament of tbe commonwealth.*' That is beautiful! What will wc do under that? I have read the debate in 4* Hansard1' on that. I find the intention is thattho charges should be imposed chiefly for the inspection of diseased cattle, diseased plants, fruit, and such like. But this is so wide. They may levy oo imports or exports, on goods passing into or out of a State. But the very first thing one State may pass is a duty on cattle coming into their territory. It is true they would not get the tax, but that would not matter so long as they pro tect their own men by it. The federal Parliament may annnl ut. But bow long will it take ? They may ran 12 cr IS months before it is annulled,* and the tax would work to our detriment all the time. This shows there arc pitfalls which require very serious consideration. Noxr, ITr. Barton touches upon bounties. He says with regard to this that bounties under the Commonwealth Bill must operate uniformly throughout, and no differences can be made between one State and another, but it is provided in another part of the bill that bounties already granted before Jose 30, 1S98, shall not be interfered with, provided they were entered into before. That was done simply, he says, because there is such a thing as national honour. Well,! am going to show you it. Barton in the Convention fighting for the interest of his own colony against Mr. Barton on the Queensland platform on national honour. It is worth listening to. This is Mr. Barton in his speech at the Convention. (I am quoting from the Convention records of the debates upon this subject in 180S, page 2,355.) He says: 441 object to any bounty being offered by a State on the production or export of goods under any circumstances whatso ever. Protectionist as I am, as regards the external importations of the com* monvrealth, I believe that when you establish free trade within the commonwealth, you should make that freetrade actual and real. I do not hold with the man who says, 'Intercolonial freetrade, sir? Yes, if I can nullify the power of regulating trade and commerce by navigation. Intercolonial free trade, sir ? Yes, if I can nullify it by boun ties. Intercolonial freetrade, sir? Yes, if £ can nullify it by preferential railway rates.' Now, if we are to have intercolonial tree trade in this commonwealth we should not attempt to open the door to its being inter fered with by any manipulation of any sort whatever. That, I believe, is a strong objec tion. . I shall adhere to it, and I am against this proposal in any shape or form whatever." Further, he says: 44 We can easily under stand the Parliament giving the same favour (it may bo with regard to the same class of product or another) to another colony. And so the game goes on—the old game of better terms— and the door is at once ajar to corruption. So long as the State goes on giving the bounties it can play the game. jBuc others which cannot afford the game will have to do without the stimulation which is an in equality revolting to the principle of inter colonial freetrade." 3Ir. Reid, in replying to Sir George Turner (who with the other delegates of South Australia and Vic toria fought hard for days and days to get it inserted), said: 11 The right honourable member very frankly and straightforwardly, as is his custom* tells us: ' This is no good to us unless it violates the equality of Australian production and Australian frcetrade. It is no good to us unless it puts our people at an advan tage compared with the position of the producers of the other parts of Australia.' . . . Honourable 'members opposite (Victorian} are honestly and frankly endeavouring to secure a concession from us which they fed will he of service in recom mending the hill to Victoria. For that reason I do not complain of their action. Bat I must point out that the susceptibilities of the other colonies moat be considered when the position is so unequal." Now where is Mr. Barton with his national honour with us on the Queensland platform ? You have got him by the wool. (Laughter.) If there is such a thing as national honour to be carried out, have we not a right to consider our malting houses in Toowoomba ? Have not those gentlemen spent thousands and thousands of pounds on those places on the strength of the tariff, and are wo going to slaughter very many of our busi nesses, or are we going to say, "We will have none of it." We have just as much right to secure this bargain for them as the others have to secure it for their people. We aro not against federation, but we want such securities in order to protect our own people and our own indnstrics. (Voice: "what about cigars?") Oh, they smoke them! Now Sir Samuel Griffith upon this tries to make us believe there is not much in this. He says, "These bounties which have been re served are practically worth nothing." Ithink that is drawing too much upon our credulity. Mr. Barton next attacks my statement as to the Interstate Commission on railway rates, saying, "Mr. Unmack seems to he much moved concerning the Interstate Commission and its effects on the railways—he makes the astqunding statement that ■ the hill the Interstate Commission powers over Par liament to interfere with the railway rates." Well, gentlemen, I will make that astound- * ing statement onco more, and I will read you that portion _of the bill which is perfectly plain to my mind. This is a copy of the draft Commonwealth Bill published by the Government of New Sooth Wales. Dealing with fho matter of railway rates, clause 103 says: "Nothing in this constitution shall render unlawful any rat© far the carriage of goods upon a railway the property of a State, if the rate is deemed by the Interstate Commission to be necessary for the develop ment of the territory of the State, and if the rate applies equally to goods within the State and to goods passing into the State from other States." If the Inter state Commission dies a rare by virtue of that clause no ono can take it off," bnt I for one object to any interference with the railway rates in Queensland until the .Federal Govern ment purchases the railways and snake them federal property. Do we not know that erexy morning ere get op our railway1 losing £1,000. .That is the amount we lose every working day, and I ask is it fair—is it reasonable—that we should give this Interstate Commission a chance to further redooe oar takings and create a still heavier loss? I think not; bat when they como to ut snd purchase our railways, then, of coarse, we trill go to them forchrap rates, (laughter.) What will it mean to us ? We <ul know how for years we made a vety bard straggle to secure the trade of the south- western por ^con of the colony, near the .New South Wales &rdcr;, A border rax was put upon wool for the purpose of compelling what was rosily oar legitimate trade to come down our way, and thus increase our shipping and cur trade. Well, we have been successful in doing that. We have not only secured the benefits of tho trade from Cunoamulla and other western centres, but we have also secured the return trade as welL Giro us federation, and all these benefits are lost to us. And yet Sir Samuel .Griffith tolls ns federation will haro the result of increasing our trade. I say it . will not, but, on the other hand, it will decrease our trado; and what is tho uso of spending money en harbour and river improvements if the Irade is going: to be wrcsted from us ? Then again Mr. De&kin;, in his recent speech at the Exhibition, was very anxious to make out that Queensland was to be fairly dealt with, fie mid, and emphasised it over and over that we are to be treated with absolute fairness. Now let us ja?t look at one or two things, and sec where the absolute fairness ho talks about comes in. . It is pretty well known that under the Braddon blot clause wo bavo to surrender a quarter \- of our customs revenue, which the Government will retain for their own purposes. What does tint amount to ? Well, 1 have reckoned it up, per head of population just as we stand now. I dud that Xfew South Wales will contribute at the rate of os. lid. per head of population, and Queensland 13s. "3d. per head. Where does the fairness como in ? Where is the justice ? South Australia will contribute 7s. dd. per head, Tasmania 10s. lid., Victoria 3s. lid. The lowest, therefore, is os. lid., in New South Wales, while cans the highest, is 13s." 3d. Well, gentlemen, if you can swallow"':-that'* you can swallow a lot. (Laughter.) Of course I know this Is only for ithoitast twp years, until the uniform tariff is established—then all the colonies are to pay ali&^bni'for these two years we shall have to pay more at per head by £350,000 than the rich colony of New South Wales does. Then again they hold you out a bunch of carrots and tell yon we are going to get the surplus bock. Oh, my goodness 1 (Laughter.) I am like Mr. Groom—I have never known a Government to hand a surplus back. The moro they cox us the more they will want. Now, I know you all like to laugh, and I will just give you a laugh. Mr Alexander Brown, in a speech at Newcastle recently, Aid the talk about getting the surplus back reminded him of tho story of the yokel who was inspecting an elephant on his visit to the city. The keeper invited him to give the elephant half-a-crown and see him pat it in a box, which was in the cage. Tho yokel did eo and the elephant put the money in the box all right, bnt after u while, as the animal made no moro to take it 3ut again,x he said to the keeper, " I say, mister, ain't be going to give me my half-crown back?" ••Oh, no," replied the keeper, *4 we don't teach him trick* of that sort.*' (Laughter.) Then these gentlemen taiKea a lot about eaviog money on the management of the departments which would be taken over by the Federal Government l£r. Deakin told as that- wo shall be able to do " iwny with the custom-house* and post offices hi tho several States, and have one custom* house and one post office. Now with regard to this matter the committee appointed by the ' New South Wales Government to report upon federal finance may be token to have a very good idea of what the result of transferring these services would be, and they say in their report: "At the outset it would appear as u the amalgamation under one administration would tend to effect savings, but it is not prudent to reckon on any material savings at present, because tho bulk of the services, such as tho post office, &c;», will go on as now; while as to customs, until at any rate the first seven years are over, daring which the bookkeeping sytem will prevail, it seems highly probable that tho 6atne machinery will be required in each colony as at present existing." They say we are to save by amalgamating these departments, but I ask you, Can we dismiss one einglo clerk in the post office, or can we do with one operator less? There will be no Raving on them at all, and besides that we bare got to give up our in dependence. Supposing you want a single independent sorvice of any kind, youhave got to go to Melbourne to get it. You cannot get it without tho permission of the Postmaster General, who will lire in Melbourne. Oar Postmaster-General will change bis name and be Minister for Railways or Minister for Education, or something of that kind. I know I would if I were in his place. (Laughter.) Mr. Barton never ooce referred to the abso lute certainty of the heavy taxation. He refers, and in a most casual way. to onrsugar industry, by sayizur that the Federal Parlia ment would hire power to deal with the Pacific fsl&nd; labour. Many of us do not like black labour—(hear, hear)—and I am ono of those. At the same time I think that the most violent opponent of black labour will admit that oar interests in this industry are very great, and that we cannot afford to hare them trifled with. (Hear, hear.) The climatic differences between north and aouth are «uch that the people in the south do not understand our needs, and it is only a fair and reasonable thin? that we should either deal with this matter for ourselves, or get a limited time fixed to work out this business. In Queensland we have £10,000,000 invested in our sugar industry. The number of per sona- employed in the industry, direct and indirect, is 30,000 or 40,000. The production from the .-oil is £1,SCO,000. That is too' much to trust in- the hands of strangers. We criftll be absolutely at the mercy of the southern people. If you look at die voting power you will see that Victoria, West Australia, and South Aus tralia combined hold 41 votes. That may be a vote or *© out, but I am going as near as possible. Hew South Wales and Queensland will have 33 fur both colonies. Where wunld Queensland and Hew South Wales (supnosin? even that Hew South Wales voted with us entirely) be against that voting power of people who have a settled hostility to the continnance of black labour? Can we allow this industry to be interfered with ? I am quite willing to con carif ourParliamentto-morto wsays we mustdo away with black labour. They understand what to do with it. The growers should be allowed to get an extension of time or it should be lefr for us to deal with ourselves. (Applause.) Now, eentiemeu, I have given a few words of warning and caution to those employed in factories? How, I shall say a few words to the numerous body of people in the civil service. I think we should touch upon that phase of the question, and X will not trouble you any more._ A voice: Go on. Mr. Uhkacx: No, it is now get ting late and I am trespassing on your good nature. Mr. Barton's advice is on a par with that given about the industries, the weakest most go to the wall. He says: " I want to quell some suspicions as to what is In the minds of somo of tho civil servants of the colonies. Many civil servants want to know whether, when the departments are taken over, the existing rights and salaries will continue. If they take the 84th clause of tho bill they will see that' all officers will be subject to the commonwealth control. Officers not entering the service of the commonwealth,'and not getting an equal office, will be entitled to resign on pension or commutation, or compensation, as if his office were abolished. Bnt any such officer retained in the commonwealth will pre serve all his accruing rights as if he served with his Stato. Tou haro as ample and just« provision as anyone could expect in a matter of the kind! I see no reason to sup pose that promotion will be affected according to the place a man lires in - (that is where the cloven hoof comes in)—as justice must bs done all round.1' Now, the new Federal Ministry will bo com posed chiefly of southern men, and, if we take Mr. Dentin's word, the natural result must be that a very large number of civil servants will ba dismissed. If we accept the any-pric.* federalists' version, that we will effect considerable saving under the one Gov ernment, then it means either a re duction in the number of persons employed, or a reduction in their salaries. If the Federal Ministry is to be composed chiefly of southern men, the fat billets will naturally go to those men to whom the southern men choose to give them. All our men are strangers to them, and will get only the little billets. And there will be very little compensation to those who have to relinquish their employ ment. We are told thnt wo mu>»t swallow this bill as it stands, or reject it. From ray own ideas I say, reject it ten thousand times rather than swallow it as it is. (Applause.) Do not be afraid of the bagbear that they will not be glad to hare yon afterwards on the same terns. Queensland is the catch of the whole lot. (Applause.) They will afterwards ran after us and ask ns for oar own terms, and we will then tret more equitable and just terms, and if the men who are at the helm in the various colonies, and who have had the manipulation of this lawyer-ridden and iniquitous bill will not give us more justice, we will get other men who will do it. (Applause.) ME. GROOM'S SECOND SPEECH. Mr. Geoom again addressed the meeting as follows: There are one or two points which Mr. Unmack has kindly recalled to me. It was quite an oversight of mice that I did not refer to the matter of the malting industry on the Downs, as I have it on my notes, and upon which I con speak from personal know ledge. I told you that Sir Thomas M*H* wraith in 1892 strengthened bis protective tariff by a duty on malt of 4s. 6d., for the express purpose of giving the farmers an opportunity of growing malt and establishing such an industry in Queensland. Perkins and Co. proved to demonstration on the Downs that first- class malt can be grown there. A malting establishment has been erected there at a cost of £6,COO. You would be astounded—as I was—at its enormous proportions. They Bent a maltster down to New Zealend to buy 80,000 bushels of hurley. I saw 32,000 bushels of that barley stacked in that place. Now, when I tell you that the maltsters there are prepared to give the farmer 4s. cash for it landed iu the store, you will understand the value of the industry and what it is likely to grow to. It is likely to grow to hundreds of thousands of pounds, and the business men of Brisbane and tbr j colony will derire their ahare of the benefit Bat abolish the tariffs and Victoria can inundate us with their produce, and the malt iag-hoasea most be closed. Another thing, one of the strongest points which every man in this room should carry away is this: This afternoon in Parliament wo were called upon to vote on the second schcdnle of the Enabling Bill, which is practically the same as voting on the Commonwealth Gill in its entirety. Parliament is railed upon to voto for, carry through all its stage*, a bill which we have had no hand, act, or part in mating, without being able | to make any amendment. Read British history and there -is no rarallcl case. From* the days of Cromwell (whose tercentenary has recently been celebrated 1 throughout Great Britain) to the present day you will search the records of Parliament in vain to find a case where a Parliament has been asked to pass a bill without the power of amending it. Vet that was practically what was being done in Queensland. (*'Ko*, no.") We bad a conference of Premiers, called the secret conference of Premiers. Qu«*n«huid,s Premier was one of them. After sitting in solemn conclave for 60 or 70 hours, all Mr. Dickson could ex tract from the brotherly love and affection of onr .southern friends was that the senators would be elected in three electorates, southern district, central district, northern district. "West Australia insisted that the" tariff should remain uudismrbed for five years before the uniform tariff and inter colonial free trade was to be established, anu demanded and obtained a clause that inter colonial duties should exist for five years, so that her fanners and manufactures oould have a reasonable time to prepare for the new conditions. If Mr." Dick son had only done as West Aus tralia had done, and insisted »m such a clause, lie would have done some arood tor us. This is my contention. The Premier of Queensland had the hall at his feet. The other colonies wanted Queensland to join with them. .He could have said, "Well, put ; Queensland on the same footing ns West j Australia. Give the farmers and manufac* I turers of Queensland five years, after the I passing of the uniform tariff, to reap the fnll benefits of the existing Queensland tariff." | If Mr. Dickson had secured that for Queens* | land it would have been a concession of value. | {Hear, hear.) Bar, no. All he could exact I from the other Premiers was the division of Queensland into three electorates for the election of senators. What does it matter whether Queensland ba one or three for such a purpose ? Wliatwas of consequence was the protection of our existing interests, so far as our tariff is concerned. (Cheers.) I Now we are asked to vote for u schedule | which contains a complete bill, and this afternoon. in the House it was sought to be proved that uo amendment could ba moved in the bill, or if moved, it could not be accepted. Such a procedure is unheard of. It is really giving up the existence of Parliamentary procedure, and tbe rights of private member*. I endeavoured to vindicate our Parliament a« the people's representatives. The matter was being dofeated when I left the House to como here, and I do not know the decision arrived at. Mr. J. D. Campbell. M.L.A.: It was ruled that amendments could be moved. Mr. GEOeii: Well, lam glad to hear it, because it the amendments were not accepted they would be placed on r ecord, and would be of use in other ways. If this bill is forced upon the people by sheer force of numbers, representations will have to be made to the Imperial Government and Parliament. If we cannot obtain satisfaction from our own I Parliament, we can appeal to and obtain it : from the Imperial Parliament. (Applause.) MR.- GREGORYS LETTER. Mr. Host Burton; in moving a vote of thanks to the Mayor for presiding said that the Hon. A. C. Gregory was e offering from an attack of influenza, and was therefore unable to attend the meeting. The venerable gentleman had, however, sent u paper which embodied some of his views on the subject of the Federation Bill. The paper is C6 follows; Federal Constitution Bill. It is not necessary to enter into the history of the Federation Bill, which is the subject for our consideration, except to briefly advert to the fact that it was originated by Mr. Rcid, tbe Premier of New South Wales and forced through the Parliament of that colony, and that our Premier (Sir. Dickson) has promised Mr. Reid to press the Parliament of Queensland to adopt on tbe principle of 41 The bill, the whole bill, and nothing but the bill," and has taken measures for restricringthediscussion of itsdetaiUby tacking it as a schedule to an Enabling Bill for its reference to a vote of the people. The ques tion • of most importance is, what uro the real provision- of this bill which will affect this colony if we adopt it? In the first place the Federal Government is to take over the collection of our customs and excise, amounting to £1,330,000, aud to retain one fourth. £330,000, for federal purposes, and to return three-fourths. £1,000,000, to Queensland. This is not ouly equivalent to paying out of our j revenue £330,000, bat it involves the dismissal of any or all of the pre sent staff of the customs and excise departments without compensation, and re placing them by officers from Sydney and Melbourne. Tbe Federal Government is empowered by the bill to take from the States, any of the departments of the pnblio service (except railways), and may remove or replace any part or the wbole of the staff of officials, and there can be little doubt it will be pressed by a host of southern can didates to create vacancies for them to fill. The tO provides that the lews of the Sfates at the time, of federation shall continno in force,' bat the Federal Government may repeal any such lawn and enact new laws. That it may impose taxation of any descrip tion and raise loans on the security of the general revenue, and thus deprive the States of the power to raise any farther loans for the construction of public works or the extension of railways. In Queens land the cxpenditnro from loans for public works has for some rears exceeded £l,0u0,000 per annum, and as the colour could not raise any future loans in consequence of tbe Federal Government having taken over this power, and farther that tho States by clauses 107, 103 are liable to have any Acts for securing the future payment of interest- or tho principal on account of u loan net aside by the Federal Government, it follows that all expenditure in excess of rever.no must be discontinued. This rei-aaiion of an expendi ture of £1,000,000 per annum on railways and public works must throw out of employ ment several tnousiind persons, not only those who are actually engaged on UiC; public works but also those cpgagcu iuj providing supplies. But there is a much! more serious financial difficulty which will | arise if trc accept the bill. Tim revenue for! tbe last complete financial year, 1997-OS. wa"»! £3.7$8,000. The expenditure £3,717,000, showing a balance of £*21,000, so that so far as ordinary revenue and expenditure were con cerned the financial position was satisfactory. But if the sum of £330,009 hsd to be trans ferred to the Federal Government, it creates a deficiency of £300.000. How eonld this defi ciency be met. It must either be by additional taxation, or by decreasing the expenditure. Additional taxation is uot likely to produce a < sufficient amount, as the unavoidable discon- ! tinuance of loan expenditure would greatly j reduce the productive resources of the colony, j and it is almost certain that the Federal Gov- j eminent would be also levying tares on! properly and income, such «3 are now in foircj in ITew Sontlx Wales, and the burthen would be intolerable. • A reduction in expenditure I would unavoidably involve iraporfcmtdccrcasss ] iu stuff and salaries of the civil sendee, ] while the greatest possible reduction would be j insufficient, to meet the deficiency of £300,000. One tiling, however, is certain, that if Queensland fails to pay the interest oa its loan debt, now amounting to £1,325,000 per annum, proceedings will be taken by the bondholders to have receivers appointed to collect the money due by the Colonial Treasury. And this inr»y even imperil the deposits'of the Government Savings Ban!:, a disaster which would bo severely felt by the 50,000 depositors. We have been informed by Brisbane manufacturers that the abolition of protective duties will compel them to close their factories and dismiss hundreds of their crup!oyet»3. The Queensland farmer will have the protective duty on breadstuff* removed, so that tho southern colonics may flood the market at lower prices tiiau he can produce thtm. And wo arc told by southern federalists that if our industries cannot com pete with theirs in a free market tho sooner they perish the hotter. In Victoria the' Government have suggested an qxcuo duty on cane sugar, which is essentially , a Queensland production. Now what advantages docs federation under the bill offer in return for the sacrifices we are to make. 1. That we may call ourselves 41 Australians," but we do so now, and cau also do so in future without paying for the right we already possess. 2. That tho border duties will be abolished, and that stork and produce will pass free to tbo southern markets of Sydney and Melbourne. These border duties aro r.ot, however, paid by the Queensland producer of Htock, but by the consumer in Sydney and Melbourne ; and the same applies to our sugar, as it is the consumer who baa to pay the duty. 3. It is asserted that our loan debts could be converted to stock paying lower interest. Tho reply is that as the Qucenslaud debentures have still from 15 to 47 years to run, they could not be converted to advantage. We are told that wo aball have *freo access to tbc southern markets, hut as those markets aro overstocked with local produce it would not be possible for the Queensland producer to compete with longer carriage and tho low prices contingent on cheaper labour tbau is yet available iu Queensland. Mr. Raid has asserted that the cost of government mil be reduced because under the federal constitution the States Governments and Parliaments will be eo completely crashed that they will soon cease to exist And there will bo one Federal Government for the whole of Australia, and that Sydney and Melbouruo mil bo the go\> erning centres of authority. The question. therefore, is: Aro Queenslanders prepared to surrender their present right of »elf-govern ment and retnm to the control of n legislature dominated by New South TVales and Victoria. j or do they still possess sufficient patriotism and self-confidence to contiuuo the manage ment of their own Government ? The vote of thaulcs to the hfayor was carried by acclamation, and the meeting, which had been an admirable one throughout, terminated with cheers for tho speakers. 