EXPELLING DANES. Schleswig-Holstein. Action of Prussia Justified. London, January 22. News has been received from Berlin tkat Dr. von Miguel, Vice-president of the Ministry and Mfhister for Finance, spcuking in tho Prussian Diet, declared that tho Government had not interfered in Schleswig, the northern province of Prussia, in the matter of expelling the Danes, only when the agitation against Prussian authority was observed to he steadily growing in strength and bold ness. The recent expulsion of Danish subjects from North Schleswig created a most painful impression in Denmark, Expulsions of Danes aro ot not infrequent occurrence in Schleswig, the Prussian authorities never giving any further explanation of their action than that the persous in question aro "lustig" (undesirable). In the recent ease the persons expelled woro mainly farm hands, in many cases women, who had crossed tho frontier to find employment. There is a Danish-speaking population of about 150,000 in Schleswig, who aro Prussian subjects. Theso Pru«uun Duties take Danish labourers or servants in preference to Germans. This immigration into Schles wig, with its consequent strengthening of the Danish element, is considered in the highest degree " lnstig" by tho Prussian authorities It is ulso alleged that there is a network of Danish societies covering the whole of the northern portion of the province, while iu Denmark there aro numerous so culled "South Jutland societies." According to the Cologne Gazette, the Danish Press and the Press of tho party of protest iu Schleswig foment the agitation. Inhabitants of Schles wig who have Danish sympathies make ex cursions across the border, and proclaim nt festive gatherings their unalterable adhesion lo Denmark and their hatred of Prussia aud Germany. Alpng tho Danish side of the frontier a large number of colleges and secondary schools havo been established in order to attract young natives of North Schleswig, and to give them a Dunish educa tion. Danish children aro exchanged during : tho summer holidays for children from the German side of the frontier in order to keep up the conuectiou with Denmark. Danish popular libraries are established everywhere m North Schleswig, aud are often supplied with books from Denmark. Funds for the agitation are partly subscribed in Denmark, and Danish officials and officers iu many eases take part in the movement. In Haderslebeti, Rendsburg, Apenrade, Tondorn, aud Sondcr- burg the Danes often behave as if they were the ruling element, and some of them ignore altogether their German and Prussian na tionality. 