EXPELLING DANES. Schleswig-Holstein. .'??'? ?-;?.; -priiasia's Reason* .--.. ;-'?' '.-''??? London, Tanuary 22. 1 News has been received from Berlin that Dr. Von Miguel, Vice-president oi the Ministry and Minister for Finance, speaking in the Prussian Diet, declared that the Government had not interfered in Schleswig, the northern province . of rrussia, m me matter or expelling the Danes, only when the agitation against Prussian authority was observed to be '' - steadily growing in strength and bold ness. The recent expulsion of Danish subjects ''' from North Schleswig created a' most painful impression in Denmark. Expulsions of Danes are ol not infrequent occurrence in Schleswig, the Prussian authorities never giving any further explanation of their action than that the * persons in question are 'laslig' (undesirable), n the recent case the persons emelled were mainly farm hands, in many cases women, who ' had crossed the trqntier id find employment. There is a Danish-speaking population of about 150,000 in Schleswig, who are Prussian sub ects. These Prussian Danes take Danish labourers or servants in preference to Germans. This immigration into Schleswig, with its con sequent strengthening of the Danish element, is considered in the/highest degree 'lastig' by the Prussian authorities. It i* also alleged that there is a network of Danish societies covering the whole of the northern portion of the province, while in Denmark there are numerous so- called 'South Jutland societies.' According to the 'Cologne Gazette,' the Danish Press and the 'I'ress of the parly of protest in Schleswig foment the agitation. ^ Inhabitants of Schleswig who have Danish sympathies make excursions across the border, and proclaim at festive gatherings their un alterable adhesion to Denmark and their hatred of Prussia and Germany. , Along -the Danish side of Ihe frontier a large number of colleges and secondary schools have been established in ord.er to Attract young natives of North Schleswig, and to give them a Danish education. Danish children are exchanged during the summer holidays for children from the German side of the frontier in order to keep up the connection with Denmark. Danish popular libraries are established every where in North Schleswig, and are often supplied wilh books from Denmark. Funds for the agitation are partly subscribed in Den. mark, and Danish officials and officers in many cases take part in the movement. In Hadersleben, Rend.iburg, Apenrade, Tondern, and Sonderburg the Danes1 often behave as if ^ they were the ruling element, and lome of them ignore altogether their German and Prussian nationality. - - — ?* 