GENERAL CABLE NEWS. London. March 23. Dr. Thomas de Witt Taimage has retired from the pastorate of the Central Presby terian Church (known as the Tabernacle), in Brooklyn, which he has held for 30 years. Influenza is raging with great virulence ?in London, and during the week ended yesterday 125 ?deatfhs from tfhis cause were registered. Lord Salisbury started yesterday for the Riviera, where he will spend a few -weeks. Providing £90,000 is otherwise subscrib ed within a year a gentleman who does not desire his name to be divulged has offered £25,000 towards the proposed Uni versity at Birmingham, thus raising the total to £250,000. Mr. Joseph Chamber lain, who sits for West Birmingham, has taken a great interest in the scheme for the establishment of the institution. The Fourneau-'Lamy mission, which has been endeavoring to extend French au thority in West Africa, lias los't 100 men, mostly natives, in repelling attacks by hos tile triDesrnen. Lord Hopetoun, presiding at a meeting of naval architects, stated that the navy and mercantile service' had been practically reconstructed during the last twelve years, and the prosperity of the industry had been unexampled. London, March 24. 'Cricket,' this week, reports that Mr. A. E. Stoddart, member of the Middle sex eleven, who took two representative earns to Australia, has decided to retire from first-class cricket. The steamer Warrimo will open the ser vice which has been arraneed hpt.w«»n Vancouver, Honolulu, Suva, Brisbane, and Sydney on April 6. The hull and cargo of the New Zealand Shipping Company's steamer Mataura, which recently came to grief in Magellan Straits, have sold for £1,200. In the case Penny versus the New South Wales Railways Commissioner leave has been granted to appeal in forma pauperia. Sir W. E. Garstin, the UnderSeere retary to the Minister of Works in Egypt, has been surveying in the Soudan. After spending eight weeks there and thoroughly examining the country he has come to the conclusion I, „ i. J.1-- ______ ? It ,1 n ?% ? tun i uie possession or me &oudan; be yond Khartoum will *be of no practical ad vantage to capitalists. D. &. W. Murray, Limited, are increas ing their capital to £650,000, in order to acquire the businesses of L. Stevenson and Sons, Limited, of Melbourne and Launces ton, and Messrs. Scott, Dawson, and Stewart, of Brisbane, Rockhampton, and Townsville. The epidemic of influenza is reported to be raging in Paris, Berlin, and New York, and in each of these cities the supply of quinine is short, owing, it is asserted, to a corner in this drug in London. The Canadian Government, h.ivp madu arrangements for settling another 4,000 Doukhobortsi immigrants in the north eastern portion of the Dominion. The immigrants have been exiled from Russia on account of their refusal, from religious scruples, to engage in military service. Count Leo Tolstoi is the chief promoter to a fund to assist them in their journey to Canada, where each man will receive a grant of 161 acres. London, March 25. Sir Andrew Clarke, AgentJGeneral for Victoria, yesterday entertained tihe Right Ion. W. H. Vaudrey, Lord Mayor of Manchester, at luncheon, and ascertained ter for the opening up of a direct trade with Australia. The case brougUit against a dealer in Car diff for selling butter containing more than ;he proper admixture of preservative, has been dismissed. The second reading of the new London Local Government Bill, introduced into the House of Commons in February by Mr. A. J. Balfour, was carried on Fridav by 245 votes to 118. The Bill applies only to vestries, and to tihe district boards created in 1855,anddoes not apply at all to the central area. Mr. Balfour, in introducing the Bill, expressed a uujjc iuaL in uecemuer cue rest or J»n don would be divided into areas under a constitution similar to that of the great municipal boroughs. President Kruger, speaking at Rusten burg, stated that he 'was willing to con cede small things with reference to r*.e de mand for reforms made by the Uitlanders, but 'he would not budge for anybody where the independence of the Transvaal was concerned. It is reported that the Fourneau-Lamy mission has estabb'shed itself close to ona of the oases of the Touat group, and the recent intelligence that the mission had been attacked by the Tuaregs is doubted in France. Sir Arthur Charles, wlho was a judge of le Queen's Bench Division from 1887 to 1897, when 'he retired and was granted a pension of £3,500 per annum, has been ap pointed to succeed Lord Penzance, who re cently resigned 'his roost as judge of the Provincial Courts of Canterbury and York. . London, March 27. 1 he opinion is held in commercial circles in the city that there will be a partial sus pension or terminable annuities and an in crease in stamp duties. The 'Daily News,' referring to Sir Ar )ur Charles s appointment an judge of the Provincial Courts of. Canterbury and York, remarks that the Primate is evidently of opinion that the appointment of a High IJhurchman to the post will go a long way to appease the Ritualists. A Berlin telegram states that Professor Delbruck has been censured and fined 500 marks for criticising adversely the action of the German Government in expelling Danish residents from Schleswig. Another step has been taken towards the Russifi cation pi Finland.- - The postal system of the' country is now to be brought under the control of the Russian authori ties, and Russian stamps will supersede the Finnish. The Queen, who ia ataying at Cimiez, gave audience to Lord Salisbury on Satur £?' Sir Julian Salomons, the newly-appointed Agent- General for New South Wales, has entered upon his duties. Signor Turati and Signor Deandries, who were sentenced to lone terms of imprison ment in connection with the Milan riots, have been elected deputies for Milan and Revenna respectively. The 'Standard's' correspondent states that a Dr. Edwards, who describes himseli as a mystical healer,' and who was prac tising in Australia in 1893, is at present creating a great sensation in Paris owing to certain marvellous cures whiah it is alleged he has made. The Berlin correspondent of the 'Daily Isews ' states tftiat Prince Hohenlohe is willing to abandon the claims of Mataafa to tihe kingship in Samoa to Uhe extent of consenting to a fresh election. It is expected fohat the railway from Cairo to Khartoum will be completed in November next. Lionaon, March 28. The Berlin 'National Zeitung' states chat in consequence of the slight response, particularly from Great Britain, to the proposal for the partition of Samoa among the three Powers interested, the German Government have relinquished the idea. In the House of Commons last night Mr. Chamberlain, in reply to Sir Charles Dilke, stated that the Select Committee to which the Government were willing to refer the Hon. Lionel Holland's Old Age Pensions Bill, would have instructions to report before the close of the present year. The steamer Gaspesia has been icebound in the Gulf of St. Lawrence for 52 days. When last sighted she was drifting help lessly, and was short of provisions. Her passengers, however, were well. The 0 per cent, debentures, amounting to £400,000, issued by the Ohillagoe (Queensland) Railway and Mines Com pany have been doubly subscribed. 