THE GREAT SYDNEY SHOW. A REAL FEDERAL CARNIVAL. [Bt Mr. G. C. Cbaigi.] (Special to the ' ilcrcurii.') Easter week is now somathing like Christmas week. A grand mixture of Christian work and holiday, a blending of the works of peace and war, just as life itself is mixed with love and pain. Sydney has held and is still holding with great glee and pleasure a series of rouuda of speculation, exhibition, racing, and high carnival. The whirl of pleasure and out of door observation began with the Agricultural Show in Moore Park and the mobilisation of all the defence 'forces at several parts— the supposod points of duty and danger, which to the Primarial mind ia Rookwood, and not Samoa, nor Manila. Then we are to have the military service shooting, and after that the military tournament of sport, truly a return to enjoyable Huttonia. But the Show ? That has beon tbo joy of tbe week. The turn out was the largest ever seen. It beat the Association's record at the turnstiles, and the Executive Council of the Agricultural Society never looked more smiling Binca 1892. As for Mr. WebBter, he was all amilesj and he is never known to smile during „the show week. With re gard to the volume and qnaiity of exhibits I have seen a better exhibition, a show of general colonial and intercolonial products and le6S demonstration of the impoitsd or foreign article. Iu wandering through ' the long laborious aisles,' the lanes of ' harvest tool and husbandry .''pens o£ choice stud, and sturdy draughts, Jersey Lilies and Ayrshire Lasses one is apt to think what is the aim and object of the Society's colonial progress, development, or the haul of money to be spent in Sydney, and not in the federal capital ? This show had a shop character about it, much of which could be seen in Pitt-3treet, George-street or Brickfield Hill any day, to say nothing of York and Clarence streets. A new feature in the show was the erection of permanent show rooms, which were shows within a show, and the interiors were all nice and attrac tive, yet not artistic nor instructive. I like Anderson's seed kiosk with its pretty miniature garden, and the Hordern of Haymarket only made a brave Bhow of articles 'all of beauty, all of use.' But I liked the little show of AnderBon because the pumpkinB and mangolds were made in the colony, and not in Germany, like the pianos and other articles of price aud beauty. I have Been better dresses in the general crowd, but I admired tt.A ladieB exactly, as they were dressed in peerless white, reasonable jewellery, and praetical (on. In the crowd were all sorts and conditions of men and women — thoBe from the electorates of Lang and Kahiba, the curious Tweed, tho depths of Wilcannia, the widening reaches of the Murray and Murrnm bidgeo, the milk walks of the South CoaBt aud the cedar groves of the North Coast, the rich pastures of Maitland and tbe fruity slopes of the Blue Mountains ; the federal gullies of Goulburn and the ditto plain of Albury, to say nothing of the ditto aspiring villages ot Gumflafc or Hokey-Pokey Valleys, and people from those distant colonial corners where the Billy Boils, from the Snowy River and wild Horse Ridges, ah, and almOBt from where the Lyre Bird builds its neBt. It was a large crowd. Next to the Carbine year of the Melbourne ?Cup day. It was the largest crowd I have seen in these colonies all congregated for eport, pleasure and pa3time like the Kicklebury of Mr. Thackeray. Tbe Duchess of Potta's Point and the Earl ol Raudwick were there in style, but not in the four in-hand drags as of yore. The great Mr. . Puddicome of Seacomb, Trilby and Larkins (oE the Block, you know) and Mrs. Ansome Terrace body, with her four marriigeablea were present, as fresh as the morn, and all Australian born. The Countess de Riverina and My Lady of Patrick's PlainB enjoyed the ring sights beyond expectation as did also Wire Fence Jim and Yarraman Bill, of Sandy Creek, up Bathurat way, or Singleton, I don't know which. Mrs. 'Arriett'AriBSof Woolloo mooloo was there with ' her choice 'am sanwidges' and unmistakable costermonger brogue, and the dear chicks all around her. But the crowd. It was easy to know by the great influx of country people that it waB not an ordinary Sydney ar . Cricket Ground crowd, but a Federal crowd, a colonial and intercolonial crowd of fair women aBd hardy brave men, with the kindly touch of King Sol upon the healthy cheek ; Btout limbs and broad-shouldered daughters of the bush, and with the face of energy and determination upon the manly, Btout, and herculean frame of the bucolic, the miner, and atockman — those bona, fide stoics of the wood, tbe men without a tear, who send the ploughshare through the scrublandB and Who bring the bidden treasures of Mother Earth to the grass of good luck and prosperity. They are the men and women of New South Wales, and not the small, tiny, degenerating, overworked, over housed, under-educated, under-fed and under domesticated, denizens of eelfish and unfederal Sydney. The small and light atatured Sydney crowd as it moved around the ring, in and out of the booths and shows looked lilliputiaa amongst such a large mixture of the pretty and stalwart gentility of the civilising and bucolic , bushland. If the Parliament do not go in for renewed immigration from the ports of tha United Kingdom— not from Hamburg or Naples— the Sydney people upon exhibition days, will become pigmies, so sickly and Bmall of build do the large majority of them look: homo sapien in Sydney must be improved in breed, and kept up as wall as the Clydesdale, Hereford, Durham, or Ayrshire. The' large influx of country and intercolonial people proved that if Sydney was jealous and little minded of the country, the country was not; jealous but broad-minded of Sydney. Whilst the conntiy goes in for hard facta and the practical, Sydney goes in for temporary pleasure and the fallacies of Vanity Fair. The constant crowds tnac streamed through the Show gates waa eoine thing marvellous in race and pride feeling. I felt proud of the colony and Australia, and, upon reflection, felt that that colonial greatness was a dim insight into ' the future that will be' when the youngest present shall be grey in locks. Long before, you reach the gates, one sees the vast area of industrial, gala, and huge carnival ground. It waa all alive, like a roaring fair of Greenwich; or the Chicago Exposition upon a small scale. A thousand flags fluttered in the calm breeze, scores of active and useful windmills merrily whirled round above the tented field and parka of implements, squares of harvest tool and enginry, secrets of the bucolic patent agent and mechanism of the agricultural inventor, of use and progression. The number of cabs, 'buses, and trams were those of a modern city. It was a sight formidable o£ colour, of gaiety, of importance and human calcula tion. It waB a madding crowd of the fullest descrip tion and practical intention. All ideas and brain power found their level in that proud and meri torious area of industry and distinction. The best came to the front and the worst met the cruel fate of ignorance, as experts paBsed by on the oold Bide of non-appreciation. The field exhibit area, as also the pavilion areaB in size bad not only tobeieduced this year to make room for other exhibits, but the spaces and blocks realised higher pricea to swell the Associatien Treasury. Mr. See must have felt pleased at results when he responded to the toast of ' the Royal 'Agricultural Society.' I pasa by tbe speeches madeaB they were not ap to the usual standard after dinner, in fact, I notice of late » good deal of inappropriate and silly remakB made recently at luncheonB. There are now few good after dinner spankers in Sydney, for the want of ideas and the power of expression, ' Sir Frederick spoke wisely on the Land Laws, but the chances of striking a true keynote in modern' and progressive colonial agriculture was lost. Such men as Messrs. Brucn, Dowling, Thompson (lateHawkesbury), and W. S. Campbell are never called upon to apeak, as they sbonld be. I could fill the Mercury with columns of matter rc the machinery exhibits and aide showa. I assume that your space will be conserved for auch detail of tho latest plough and machine for your own local show, nor am I prono to do so at length, consider ing the fact that the large firms run trade circulars of their own, give an odd advt. to the metropolitan weeklies before show time, and fail 'to justly sup port tho chief country prees, which does bo much for country expansion and production. What a waste of literary time and type- setting it is to elaborate the lengthy details of a new machine or _ implement, the importers or sellers of which treat the business pages of country newspapers with contempt. I admire tho great parts of machinery placed nnder. the gaze and inspection of farmers and producers* Tha collections and exhibits are full of ingenious design, labour-saving appliances, and wonderful economy j but tho virtuoB of new agricultural. ? 'machinery should bo first advertised, and then, Secondly, oritioised in the reading columns of a newspaper. This is at once business and journalism. I object to tboBe trade circulars which the Postmaster General allows to pass as newspapers. At every corner of the machinery fields and showshoda the card sharpers, under and over, and Bpieler men wore everywhere. Tb.eir numbers helped to fan tbe already great blaze of 'sweep' and 'gamble.' They were -well patronised, and the country hard workers met their fate with feelings of surprise and Indicrous astonishment. Cheap Jacks, with black lata, did a roaring trade in giving avray a silver chain, three shillings sterling, and many knick knacks thrown in, for one shilling 1 So much for the fan of the fair. The main exhibition building was a varied and attractive spot from 9 a.m to 6 p.m. It was a hum of life and flow of pleased spectators, delighted with exhibits of daily use and consumption, with articles 'blown from every main,' and which ?'each fair colony could produce.' 'Maters' and 'paters' were there in lingering groups before the' dairy produce, before the. piles, of colonial- made grocery and oilmen's BtorcB, before huge clusters of prime-cured and well-cufc hams and bacon, family and factory-made jams, preserves, comfits, biscuits, spicoB, mcdicines fit to cure any ill under the buh (or in Dillbey's inner world). beeB and honey making, silk cocoons, grand spreads of farm pro duce, the exhibits of wheat and all the other grains, potatoes, and prolific, not crops by growers who fail to supply, the Sydney market, and a thousand other things too numeronB to mention. The poultry for export was not a numerous show. The making of colonial clothing was ocularly demonstrated, whilst the exhibits of Sydney and i?arramatta manufactured tweed cloths, blankets, rugs, yarns, fiannelB, silks, &c.;, were worthy of admination, but there' were no cotton nor calico exhibit. Queensland' forgot herself, or Bhe could have shown what could be dono in cotten — in the seed, or in cloth. The Botany Cotton Company also forgot to exhibit cotton ginned and unginned. The sugar growers of New South Wales should feel ashamed of themselves for not Bending in more and better exhibits. Some caneB I saw wore degenerated in growth, and should be ploughed out of the cultivation, as they are sure to ruin any plantation. This is one way in which sugar .ia said not to pay on the Clarence, Tweed and Rich mond. Tbe butter exhibits were grand, but were not done uo with artistic taste as the butter-makers of the Victorian Goulburn Valley do. The pasteurised samples appeared to give dairymaids much satifaction. The butter from Queensland, the Government farms, the Northern rivers and colonial butter factories were all good, though one or two exhibits were up in the true colour. It was astonishing to see how tropical and semi tropical Queensland could send such splendid butter, hams and bacon into the market for export. Refrigerating machines are doing wonders for that colony in dairy produce and meat exports. New .Zealand will be cut out in this line. The Rich mond, Clarence and Hunter now have a large weekly export of magnificent butter, able to hold its own with any Australian district. Victoria, New Zealand and Queensland all rivalled this colony in butter, cheese, bacon, and cereals. The leBSon iB that New South Wales farmers can pro duce the best products of the farm, dairy, or garden, but they do not follow the example of the experimental farms, nor do they grow or 'produce in large quantity 'in fear of bringing down the price in market.' This is how the imports of grain, fruit, and produce from the other colonies . are so large and astounding. There is money in beeB and honey, which all Maitlanders know, and this year the quantity and quality seem to improve. The show of poultry was one in itself — a treat to see — comprising as it did Cochins, Brahmas, Lang shanB, Houdans, Spanish, Wyandotts, Leghorn, Indian, British, and Australian game, Malays, Orpingtons, Bantams, Haicburgs, Minorcas, Dor % kinB, Ply mouths, geese, turkeys, dunks pigeons, and canaries ad libitum. The collections of birds were beautiful. The ' barking shed' bad a wonderful variety of dogs, including a bull dog by the name of John Norton. ThiB Bhow proved mest attractive to both sexes; evidently a large portion of the \- public still continue to like a good dog, of a par ticular class, and special fancy. - I have seen a better show of horses in an up ?country show than this year's show in Sydney. But ? the show of cattle, of every kind, was up to the mark — to those good old exhibition dayB of ten or twelve yeBrs ago. The station Btud cattle were ably supplemented by the dairy cattle exhibits. If the ColonieB are to derive large and continuous profits from butter experts farmers must procure the best -and richest milk. This can only be done by pedigree strainB and the compilation of dairy co'.v utud books. The dairyman must study this stud book just as the Moreton or backblock squatter studies ' Lis Hereford or Durham, with country, to improve his herds for beef producers. There iB a deal of science and economic calculation in the profession of dairying. Colonial farmers had. a chance to pick and choose from the breeds of Jersey, Ayrshire, ' Kerry, and the great South Coast cattle exhibited this year. I think the ideal Australian dairy cow* and bulls were seen at Moore Park in 1899. We know all about tbe milking trials at Chicago, and the respective merits of the Canadian &nd; United States cons imported into America. We have been closely striving year after year in Australia to find . the ideal cow, even to imported Danish and Dutoh (felted cows-.- The South Coast cows were the theme ef all beholders, and I was glud to see that Ayrahires . -were the base of all dairy cow experiment. With regard to horses we have only to look at the . general purpoBe horeeB in Sydney, the sorry hacks in buggies and spring cartB, and tbe absence of the 'Bne upstanding carriage horses in the carriage. Adelaide iB the worst place in Australia, next to Melbourne, for cab horses. Sydney cab horses are . not so bad as they used to be, but the best horses, cab, buggy, cart, or carriage, are to be seen in Bris . bane. However, despite the show, I know enough of the interior of this colony to know that the best blood, coaching and draught horseB appeared at this year's show. Echuca, Wagga, and Bathurst can make a grand horse show.. Some splendid horses and noble animals are to be found along the Hurray from Albury to Echuca — Moama. Our racecourses prove that the noble thoroughbred is degenerating into weeds— cats— bo fine that 'the galloping machines' are only good for ' a mile aud 6 furlong.' /Less betting and more horse breeding ' upon good old English and Irish lines wovfld do , «? racers' good, l'he draught entries were moBtly light, sure sires of fat horses without draught strength. The mares were few, but good. I think ... the breeding country must be changed for all kinds of horecs. Soil of lime, formation should be more ? selected for horse breeding. I Baw some horses in the ring in the pink of working, driving, and riding ? condition, and it was wonderful to see how stumpy ponies and rakish animals jumped overthe hurdles. A lot of pet and fancy poniefr showed up to perfection, hut I failed to see the ideal hunter illustrated in Couniry Life, cavalry horses in ' sufficient number and build for defence use, artillery horeeB for exportation, or 'troopers' . with good wind. The A Battery horseB in ' Sydney are very good, and so are the horses of the Mounted Police. But none of that stamp were seen inside the ring with a view to be typical of tha colony. But Btrange to say the best 450 hacks, suitable for campaign cavalry work, were to be seen in tbe rank of the ' Australian Horse. I never saw such a grand, well bred, valuable, and uniform size of horses in Aub tralin— nor such a grand lot of ' native boms stand ing up' to their horseB'uhder inspection as those ten rows of horses from all parts of^tbe bushlacd. en camped this week near Moore Part. They would have made the eyeB of Generals Luck, Fraser. Talbot, and Neville open wide, and wider, as they looked upon the raw material of such a horse regiment. There is now money in horae-breeding, and breeders on Btation or farm should devote more attention to \- man's and the nation's best friend. I am afraid -?' that tbe oycle is spoiling general attention to horse breeding, juet as too much cricket and football ib dwaifing the intelligent study of politics all over . the land. The ring was the great point of exoitement nnd ? attraction. A little excitement iB dearly loved by . 'an Australian audience, the moving sights of the ring and tho jumping contests nfIor-..'.ng all that. ' The crowds in tho two largo stands and around the circular fence was a great eight, all packed closely standing or seated— an amphitheatre of all that wa9 noble and manly, pretty and beautiful, in New SouthWales. The people endured the hot Monday ? EaBter sun with steady resolve, and took the deepest interest in every event. The variety of colour in dress and red parasols indeed looked like tulips in a Date h garden. Tho daughters of Eve lent extra charm to the scene of Olympia and all those descriptive nomenclature, only to be found in circus programmes. After the horse and cattle parades the ring becomes changed Into a grand fantastic, prancing, riding, drivinp, gilloping, trotting, cantering, jumping, and merry go-round panorama of lucky winners and oufcRidern of about fifty different events. Thero strodo the stately Clydesdale and ponderous Durham, tho rearing blood stallion, the prancing hack with blood in hiB veins, the American trotter with its ?rider upon wheals, the handsome gig and the still more handsome tandem, the open drag with its up standing pair of bays or greys, the pretty sociable prettily driven by a pretty driver, the daBhing baggy with its tight rein and steady whip, the rapid pony trotting like a thing of life in a spider trap, the glistening baker or butchei's cart with a well fed cob, the Tiny Tim coaoh with the Tom Thumb Shetland with silver tail and mein ; nondescripts, .admirable for trot, Btyle, quear of action, and Bteady action j saddle and harness favorites at thi« and the last show ; first-class waggons and stamping horses, driven by jolly waggoners from beer and contract land ; fair and dashing equestriennes, the pride of tho ring and spectators ; the creamy jumpers ; the contrary donkey ; tho mighty hunters Fairfield and Liberty, old . familiar NimrodB of other lists ; and champions of their cIbbs with the prize ribbons in galore — all forming an Olympian cav alcade of exciting admiration. The weather waa Queen's, and for four days this amusement and federal carnival went on. It was a spectacle to SydneyiteB, but an instructive school for all who dwell in the bush and wish the colony well. It was right to make the show fit for more than a Roman-Sydney holiday. It was a meeting place for friends who had been lucky and unlucky in the battle of life, and the tryating place of city and country — soy cousins — and those who once went away with a tiff like Harry Esmonde and Lady Castlemaine. I could not go over the whole show, but I have given a general outline nnd raey sketch of Moore Park in show time. The country no doabt spends .£200,000 in the city at show time in buying and spending; and jet tho city magnates and Rothschilds are dead against the country aspiration, that ? of Federation, the- bill pure and simple. I am not aware thit the Saciety sent an invitation to the m.n of the fleet to see the show, nor did I see. the Admiral present. Now thBt the Sydney carnival is over I hope that tho Maitland shbw will make a good try to draw the crowd, be blesBed with good weather and numerous exhibits. The band on the grand Btand played the dreary music of Auber and Schu mann, the dramatic Btrains of Verdi, the volume end jerky notes of Wagner, the lively tunes from Maritana, Pinafore, and the Geisha, to say nothing of ' Tara's Hall,' 'My love, she's but a lassie yet,' and 'The tight little island.' / Cultured Sydney did not rise at the well-known anthem — but to go homewardB, and then to Othello or Sane Gene. 