Federation- ; Anti-Coiveutiop Work. Great Meeting in Brisbane. Important Speeches Mr. Groom on the Agricultural Aspect. From Last Night's " Telegraph." A runr.ic meeting was held in tho Forcstors' Hall, Brunswick-strcct, Fortitude Valloy, Inst night, under tho auspices of tho Anti-Conven tion Bill Loague. Tho bull was completely filled, and many bad to stand throughout tho proceedings. Several ladies wero present. His Worship the Mayor of Brisbane (Alderman Seal) presided, and he was supported by tho Hon. John M'Mastcr, M.L.O., Mr. W. H. Groom, M.L.A., Mr. D. T. Keogh, M.L.A., Mr. J. D. Campbell, M.L.A., Messrs. T. Unmack, N. Sapsford, G. Grimes, J. Young, J. Craso, M. Qulnn, J. J. Kingsbury, R. G. Petty, P. Snowdown, II. Burton, H. V. Hewitt, A. Hertzberg, W. Ruddle, Aldermen I'roo and M'Nub, and Dr. J. Thomson. < Tho audience listened most attentively to Mr. Groom and Mr. Unmack, and vory few loft boforo tho oloso of the mooting. Tho Chairman briefly opened tho meeting. MR. GROOM'S SPEECH. Sir. W; H. Groom, M.L.A., who was re ceived with loud npplan6o, said: I havo been asked to address a meeting this ovoning on Federation— how it will affect tbo pnrtlcalnr nortioh of tho colony which I have the honour to represent in Parliament, and how indireotly, it will affect tho whole colony in common with thoso on tho Darling Downs. And I readily acccdo to tho request. Mr. Keogh: Hear, hear. Mr. Groom : Bccauso, Mr. Mayor, I hold this opinion— thnt the people of Queensland ns a whole will he called upon to pronounco judgment on as great and us momentous n question as they havo evor been called upon to record their votes ; and In order that thoy may ho able to do that as intelligently as possible, nnd not commit nnv error that will afterwards bo regretted, I think it is of the highest importance that tho question should be put beforo tho pcoplo in both aspects, so thnt thoy innv voto as intelligently ns possible. I have the honour of speaking to you to night alter 40 years' experience in public life, and I think I can claim tho privi lege of addressing a Queensland mtdionco on a question us a public man. (Hear, hear.) I washoro'in 1858 nnd 1859, when the great battle of separation was fought. I was hero wlion tho first Governor arrived and sum moned Parliament. I saw the rejoicings of tho wholo community conecqueut upon their having obtained political freedom and upon hnving-sccurcd their birthright. (Applause.) I was hero when tho Parliament of Queens land decided to set apart DeccmbcrlOasaday of rejoicing all over tho colony, bccauso it wns tho date upon which tho people of Queensland scoured tuoir political freedom. (Applauso.) Iluving this freedom attained, 1 have always .endeavoured. In my humble way, to dovolop tho grcnt nnd grand resources of Queensland, and to iniiko Queensland what it is to-day. (Applause.) I contend when wo are asked to sell our birthright and to part with tiioso privileges, that 1 havo the right to come here and say, 44 Are you going to do tho right thing or tho wrong thing?" (Iienr hear.) Lot mo ask you, us intelligent mon, to discuss this question apart from party politics, to throw aside politics altogether, and consider tho question on its merits and how it will affect tho colony as- it ia at tho present time, nnd as It will be hercaftor. Lot 1110 say hero, I do notboliovo that one-half of you, I will oven say I do not think nino-tcnths of you, csltmato as you ough't to estimate tho magnifioiont territory wo havo in Queensland. (Hear, hear.) It has been niy great privilege to travel over a large area of this continent, from en6t to west nnd from north to south. I can say that in all the places in Australia wherein I bnvo travelled,, thoro is! nowhere any territory so grand ns that in Queensland. (Applause.) Tbo Darling Downs has gradu ally, and only gradually, dawned upon tlio city of Brlsbnno as n great nvenno of trado. And I have pointed out to Parliament at different times what tho Darling Downs wero capable of, and in tho past I have been mot with the reply, 44 You. regard the Darling Dowub as the hub ot tho univorso." In calling tbo Downs the hub of tho universe perhaps monikers exaggerated, but I unhesi tatingly say it is the garden of Australia. (Applause.) And when Sir Thomas Mitchell first saw them In Ihcir virginity, ho said, "You inny find another Australia, hut you will never find another Darling Downs." And yet, I tell you that tlio Darling Downs aro hut ns a drop in the ocean compared with the vast tracts of fertile country in tho ocntral districts. There nro millions upon millions of the finest territory yon ever saw or heard of in your life, nnd it only requires a railway to mnko that country tho homo of millions of prosperous sottlers. But now it remains undeveloped and' unprofitable. In tbo past you peopto of Brisbane have overlooked Vour own interests. . You woro led away by /olitical factions. If you had been alive 20 yeAitf ago thoro would now be n train leav- 'ing Charters Towers daily for . Brisbane, and one from Bri&batio; to Charters Towers every morning ; and you would not luivo heard of separation. But you have allowed tho trade to drift away whilst you have been discussing the transcontinental schemes of politicians. If you hod been alive to your own interests, in place of your 100,000 pooplc, It is no exaggeration to say that Brisbane to-day would have a population of 200,000 people. In Sydney, all tho railways of Now South Wales are centred ; in Melbourne, thoso of Victorln ; those of England in London ; nnd if, as the saying wns in ancient limes, all roads lead to Rome, so In this colony all tlio great roadways should lend tn tho metropolis. In consequence of this not being so you havo lost all your trade, and I do not exaggerate when I say (hat that nmgnilloont country in . tho central districts, on which you havo re cently seen— nnd very justly, too— an in crease of rents assessed by the Land Court, might have been in direct communication with Brlsbuno. But all this trade hns gone to Melbourne ; and, still more, from tlieroturns in tho " Government Gazette," you will find that seven-tenths of the lessees aro in the hands of tho financial institutions of othor colonies. Now, look at your imports, which are £5,000,000, and your exports, £10,000,000 ; If you reason tho question out on sensible lines and ask, supposing tliat was an absoluto return from the products of the country, brought buck to tlio country again to be ex pended amongst tlio population, this colony should lie tho most prosperous country on the face of-' the earth. But, unfortunately the large surplus ot exports over Imports goes away into other countries, mul supplies other populations with their capital. In fact, after my travels all through the colonies in 1897, 1 cnuio to the conclusion that tlio timo bud ar rived that when a Treasurer began to look about him for now sources of rovenuo, an ub- seutco tax was tho first thing which should bo imposed. (Hear, hear.) Now, I mention this to bring you up to what I am coming to. Ask yourselves this question, who nro tho ad vocates of federation at the present time ? |A voico : 44 Sensiblo men." I quito admit it. They nro sensiblo men, and If they ac complish what thoy have In viow, I think a great many of you will sav, after- wards, that . thoy wero very senBiblo inen. (Hear, hear.)- But go back to tho primary cause and you will find that the agitation started obictly in Victoria. Now, I havo made It a part of my political life to tuko nn interest In politics outsido our own colony, nod I have watched the political career of tho othor two colonies, as well or our own. Now, what tho 44 Benslblo mon " referred to did is this. They erected an iron wall around Vic toria. ThU colony is about live or six times tho size of Victoria, but the Victorians said, 44 We will assist and protcot tho peoplo within those walls," and will asrist tnem to open up industries, to build up a mighty nation amongst themselves. Tbey would not allow a ton of fiour from Queensland or any other place to pass throogh their territory without paying £5 per ton— and that duty is still imposed. When the American boats are bringing In the Manitoban and Han Francisco wheat there Is not a single ton going into Vic toria, because the £5 per ton bars tho way. , (Mr. Kingrbury "That is what the Darling . Downs wants to-day."!' ' Now I am only men- : Boning what is done. In all the other branches > of agricultural produce tho same high tariff ' existed, and. in every other branch of industry : the sanc high tariff was Imposed, making importations of what could bo manufactured in the colony.totally 'prohibitive, nnd the ro- suit has been that -ui tho prosont timo Via- lorin bos, according " to tho lntost statistics whtob I am ablo to obtain— nampjji frotn Opghlan, and ho pooms an authority nobody disputes— pp his flguyua po onq wJUwptyV&t; — regarding tho cncaurngemcnt 'of mcu to agriouUuro by tho imnositlqaolfihigh pro tective duty, and something mora than that — Ihcro was not only tho high protective duty, hut the Government ot thai generation saw this, that the' tillage .of tho land could not be carried out without minimising labor as much as possible, so they offered large bonuses for tho manufacture of agricultural iinploments of the. latest Canadian ami Ame rican deslgm They offered £500 as a bonus for tho manufactures within the colony of n binder and reaper 011 tho principle of the Wood harvester and binder, or rather on that principle, for thoy could not havo tho patent of It. Thoy voted no less than £250,000 for ban uses for tho encouragcimnt of agriculture, and during last year aTono (having an oyo to tlio Commonwealth Bill, which prohibits any bonusos being givon by tho States), thoy voted tho further sum of £150,000 for agri culture during tho current year, so that, with all theso oncour&gomonts;, with high prohibitive duty, can you wonder oti-it for ono moment thnt Victoria hns attained tho position she lias reached to-day, nnd is now willing to knook down tho barriorR which sho has imposed on herself, and says to Queens land : Taking us at this moment, let mo illustrate it — tho stylo of argument our friends aro using— ono of tho now members in tlio Houso. Ho has only entered Parliament this year for tho first time. Ho said, You will havo 2,000,000 bushels this year." This is really reckoning your chickens boforo thoj arc hatched, bccauso the wheat Is not yet sown in tho ground— so how can you forecast a harvest, as tho farmers aro now only plough ing tho ground ? And yet wo nro told, 44 But you aro going to havo 2,000,000 buehola of wheat," says this gontleman. I only wish they will have. I nope God will blos9 them to such nn oxtant thai thoy will havo It. Iloro is Victoria,' with nil wo havo at tho presont time. Wo' havo in Queensland 500,000 acres under cultivation, notwith standing 100,000 acres of whioh is undor sugar alono." . Wherens Victoria at tho present hns no loss than 1,037,000 acres under culti vation. Mr. Kingsbuty : What is Iho nvorago pro duction por acre in the Darling Downs ? Mr. Groan: I consider only ouo man can speak at a time. I will listen to you after wards. (Shortly after Mr. Kingsbury left tho meeting.) Out of our enormous area wo hnvo less than half a million, whorcas Vic toria has 1,057,000 acres under wheat alono, nnd for the season 1897-8 110 less than 12,000,000 bushels of wheat, and ablo to pro- pnro for Us oxport, not only bar own con sumption ; £5 par ton barred tho way for thoso coming into Victoria. Ami evon sup posing, for argument's sake, that wo hnd got our 2,000,000 bushels of wheat in Queens land, we would be put against tho 12,000,000 in Victoria, becauseitwonld be infinitely Lottur for the peoplo of Victoria to scud tliolr wheat hero than to tho fluctuating markets of London. (A voico : 44 What about thlf grand country you uponk about ? ") Tho country is nllright, but tho troublo is wo hnvo not got tho population. (Hear, hear.) For tho bene fit of the gentleman who interjected, lot mo toll him that it is only within tho last two yoars, since tho passing of tho Agricultural Lands Repurolmsc Act, that tho thousands of ncros on tho Darling Downs have boon re leased from merely growing sheep, and ap plied to tho mc of humnn beings, as God in tended thoy should bo. I liopo boforo very long thnt tho (armors of Queensland will bo ablo to produce not morcly 2,090,000 bushels of wheat, but ah large a quantity as is now produced by tho colony of Victoria! Now, I wish to refer to tho mnnufneturo of butter. As n result of paying tho enor mous bonusses whioh Viotoria lias done for tbo purposo of encouraging the dairy ing industry, thoy havo been able to nmko thnt Industry go ahead mora than any other of tho British dependencies, not even excepting 'Cntindu. Last year, according to Coghlnn, Victoria produced 34,501, 000)bs. of butter for export, ami wero so successful as to bo ablo to compete in tho London market with the Danish butter, which had up to that time hnd pretty well its own way. Whilowoin Queensland havo been engaged in dallying with grand sohcraes, such us the transcon tinental railway, wo havo forgotton to make the best ueo of tho country wo Iiuvq hud and tho peoplo. wo havo hud. , (Hear, hoar.) I have been for years and years past, for tho lnht25 years, advocating tho repurchase by tho Govornmont of tho magnificent country in tho Darling Downs for the purpose of ngrieul- (ural settlement, but it is only within tho last two years that tiie Parliament of tho colony lias seen the wisdom of repurchasing tho lands in question. When travelling lu tho train ycHtorday I had a conversation with a member of tho Land Board who hnd been inspecting un area of 10,000 acres of beautiful country on whioh not a singfo farm is now to bo r.oen. Mr. lCcogh: 41 That's Lake Claren don." Yes, that la Lake Clarendon, nnd tlio gentleman I have referred to informed mo that ho is going to recommend tho Go- vernmcut to repurchase that area. In reply to tbo gentleman who a fuw moments ago asked mo about tho grand country, I would point out that tho advancement of agrioulturp In Queensland did not receive anything liko a fair start until the your 1870. Prior to thnt dnto squntterdom was in .tlio ascendant, and if tho squatters allowed a man tho. privilege of gotting live or ton acres of land they thought thoy had done a wonderful thing, nnd the idea of giving half a million ncros of land to settle upon would havo been quite out of thoir calculations altogether. It was not until 1808 that a Land Biit wns introduced, thoro aro thrao men who stand out promi- nontly for their insistence upon tho inclusion of tho American clauses. I mean Mr. Jnmcs Morgan, Mr. Patrick O'SullIvan, of Ipswich, nnd your humblo servant. (Hear, hear, mid applause.) Wo stood out then, nnd although, we lmd to effeot iv compromise, to give and take, in ordor to carry it, yet wo succeeded in securing U, so that instead of 5, 10, or 15 ncrcR wo got lflO acres of land for tho settlor. In the year 1870 legislation wns carried through whioh had tho affect of Increasing that urea to 820 acres— Mr. J. M, Thompson, of Ipswich, being tho Minister for Lands at tho tiinq— with tho result thnt some of tho very best farmers on tho Darling Downs aro amongst those who took up tliolr laud In 1870\. Thoy aro the mon who aro now pros perous, who can walk into tho storo and givo their chequo without thn slightest hesitation. That wns the effect of tho liharal land legisla tion; but. In addition to thnt in 1870, tbo Parliament of Queensland adopted a partial protective tariff for tho purnoso of protecting the farmers from the introduction of produce from tho older colonics in tho 'southi In 1888 Blr Thomas M'llwraith camo into power, and ho imposed n further proteetivo tariff Amounting to £400,000, ulUiough it was not altogether ' protective, but wns parti ally for revenue purposes, nnd in 184J2, when my friend Mr. Unmack wns ft membor of his Government, ho still further amplified tho protcotive tariff. Ho gave as his reason for recommending that polioy to tho country that the timo hnd arrived In tho history of Queensland that it was abso lutely . necessary to- establish manufac turing industries. (A'ppiauso.) . His attention was called 0 tho number of tho boys and girls in tho cchools, thousands of them. Thero wero then 5000 boys sent out into tho world (there are double now) to cam their own liv ing and to work out their own salvation. Tho question was asked, 44 Where nro our boys to find employment?" Thoy could' not all go on thn land, thoy could not all ho policemon or railway porters. (Laughter.) Sir Thomnn M'llwraUh said that industries should bo established, nnd what was more ho carried out his intention. (Applauso.) We givo him the credit for it. I always thought his policy commended Itself to tho common senso of the country, nnd I am euro tboy endorsed ovary word of what ho said. I will tell you some thing of his tariff on that occasion. Toko furniture as ono item alono. At that timo tho auction rooms In Brisbane wore inundated by consignments of English furniture, to tho in jury of the mechanics and other tradosincn of Brisbnno. . A voico : What about Chinese? Mr. Groom : Yes, Chinoso wero doing U. Sir Thomas M'llwraith placed nn ad valorem duty of 25 per cent, upon furniture imported from other countries. I do not know any thing about your condition In Brlsbnno. but In my own town a numtier of largo manufac tories were established through this tariff. Other places liavo been established there, and thovhavo not only manufactured tho goods In the colony, but thoy havo given employ ment totlieir own fellow-colonlsta. (Applauso.) Then, take boots and shoes. Blr Thomas imposed duties of 88s., 21s., 17s. Gd., 19s. Gd., Ifis., and lis. Gd. per dozen on boots and hoc3 imported ; nnd will ycu say thnt theso duties have not Increased the manufacture of boota In (he colony ? Has that not been the effect of it In Brlsbnno ? Two of tbo manu factories I havo referred to employ 80 boys nnd girls in my own doctorate. And they would not havo been established had It not been for thoso duties. Then, again, with refer ence to those who aro engaged in the manufac ture of buggies and coaches and waggons, Sir Thomas M'llwraith imposed n duty of £25 upon every moll coach imported. At that time Cobb and . Co. imported tholr coaches from their own vyorks, Iu Chnrleville now they havo n conch manufactory, wharo from .80 to 100 mou are curoloyqd. Sir Thomas also Impose a duty of £12 each on waggons and wnggongttos, l2Q each upon fo'ur-whecjed vchiolcs: for bargpcheipnd vehicles usejl by th'o YrohRky ' elates', anyono wbV Wlabod to iipjwit tlesg bad id nay £80 for rach VpUlde. That is yopr tariff to-day, '(tad if you are pre pared. iURCQordanco with tbo conditions of tho bill, to suriohder thoso rights and privi leges wulch Parliament has granted to you, I say it Is vout own fault. (Loud applause. Let mo givo you an iustancb of a. practical farmer in roy own district. ' In that aiBlriat a number of mon are engaged in, and moke comfortable living nut of, thfi wlmr industry. One of them hnn written ' ft' letter to tho editor of the 44 Western Btar." (Mr. Groom hero rend Mr. B. Bassott's letter to tbo 44 Western Star," whioh hns al ready been published in tho 44 Chronloto." The reading of tho letter was received with loud applauso). Mr. Groom Uion continued. Now, Mr. Mayor, that is not tho opinion of a uiaii swayed bv prejudice, or whoso passions havo carried him away. It is tho plain, unvarnished stntomcnt of a practical man who hns Invested his all in tho Roma district, said to bo ono of tho finest grape-growing districts in tho colony. Voices : Name, name ? Mr. Groom : His name ? Well, it is Mr. Samuel Basset!, well known for Bassott's 1 wine nil over the cotony. (Applauso.) When a man ploturcs his ruin in such a way, does it not appeal to your intelli gence, your manhood ? Docs it not impel you to say Unit you will not hcsltatoto oppose this step nnd to demand all tho information you onn got upon this question boforo you sacrifices tho rights you hnvo socured ? (Loud applause.) I told you about tho Agricultural Lands Ropurclinso Act, and wo havo under' that Aot invited tho fanners (rom Viotoria and other places in tho south to take up land on tho Downs. Tho whole of Hondlngton Hill Estate, 32,000 acres in oxtent, wns taken up, but during tbc first season they wero stricken by drought; tho heavens wero like brass, nnd no rain fell. They plnntcd thoir ntuizn, but when tho returns wero Culled for in Parlia ment, in order that thoir financial condition in relation to tho claims of tbo Government might bo scon, they woro all In arrears. If that is tho caso now, what prospect will they have when tho protection is taken away, a protcation givon to them by Parliament to. onablo thom to earn a livelihood? I say, gontlcmen, that wo nro, as thoy woro, one of tlio young colonlos of tbo group. Until West Australia, obtaining by slow development from a Crown colony to ono pos sessing responsible government, wo wero tbo younger colony of the group. Now, tho editor of the paper to whioh I rofcrrcd just now— tho 44 Western Star "— wroto a leader in reply to Mr. Bnssctt, nnd I will givo you ono oxtract from Mr. Bassott's reply to it, bocnuso really It may apply to some others ns well us tho editor of tho 44 Western Star." Ho says: — 44 1 noto your comments In last Saturday's " issuoin rospnnsoto my letter in the provious " Ihsuo, and you oxprcss yoursoU as having no 44 fear of tho grapo and wlno industry suffering 41 to any extent through comriotiUon with the "south, I should bo vory pleased to bo ablo 44 to think thosnmo; but knowing my business 44 in all its branches thoroughly, I know it will " bringruln. I daresay you buso my Imnlncss 14 on the Bfimo grounds as your own. You 44 blacken your typo in tho evening, nnd vou 44 havo your production forsaluin tho morning. 44 Iu my trado, to build a vinoyavd In this 44 treacherous climate — where one has to plant 44 in all probability ton times over beforo ho " has muoh result, oven allowing oneself to bo 44 very successful— it takes ten years boforo he " has any production In wine to sell." Now, I say. It Is all vory woll for lendor ' writers in Brisbane, who indulgo in sonti- mont. to brand myself nnd other gentlomen as paroehialiBls and provincialisls, nnd otbor odd names. I answer them and say that I am living In a district where thoro arn thou sands of families who lmvo to work early and .late, to put up with privations, and to on- counter uiflicultios whioh would cnuso many of you to ahudder if you know all. Tho mon who hnvo gono out Into .tlio baok ridges, and who havo converted scrubs into smiling hoinu- stands, will liavo to wuit years beforo thoy can bo ropaid anything liko a return for tho oncrgy and labour put into the land. But on tho othor hand, tho leader-writer, ns Mr. Bnssctt says, has his ink wot nt night, sells his pnper in tlio morning, nnd rccclvcH tho proceeds in tho ovening. But tho days of sentiment in those mntters aro gone, nnd wo have to look at tho question as practical busi ness mon, and to ask oursolves bow wo, who bnvo boon hero for years, will bo individually affected. One of tholr orles Is that when Federation comes the population will Inorenso by leaps and bounds. But history will tall you that population will follow whorovor labour and wealth lies. It is not bccauso Federation comes that population will fol low ; if you want population you must nt- trnot it. Front tho Colonial Treasurer's finntiolnl statement of tho lust Houston of Par liament T find that this colony has voted £3,5(10,000 for Immigration. And whoro docs the population go to ? Did uol Sir John Robertson in years gono by say thnt Queens land wns tho best immigration agent thnt Now South Wales had ? And why ? Ro- cnuso sho was Importing population by tho thousand, but mado no provision for tholr employment. If population is going to flow Into Quootisland wltn Federation, thoro must Iw something to bring tlicm hero. Now, as I look nt it, we are naked in tho first place to surrondcr our customs rovenuo. In times gono by, if tho Treasurer felt himself nt a Iors to mako ends moot, he nt onco flow to tho custom-house, and nicked out articles of luxury on which to lovy duties. Rut whon fedoratiou comes y)ti will havo no such resources. Tho oustoms rovonuc is taken away from you, and then you will hnvo to fall baok upon direct tnxntion. Dr. M'Lnurin has proved as conclusively ns Is trassiblo thnt tho result will ho n tnxntion to tho extant of £2 4s. por head upon ovory man, woman, and child, to moot tnclr contributions In connec tion with tho federal town, apart altogether from tho additional taxation which must bo imposed in order to nieot tho requirements of litis colony through tho surrondor of our ous toms rovenuo to tho Federal Governmont. (A Voico : 44 Will not ono bnlnnco thcother? ") No, it will not; and I may say thnt my ox- pcrlonoo of 40 yenrs has taught 1110 that whon onco a Treasurer pot a possession of monoy it is very hard Indeed to get It out of htm Again. (ApplnuBO.) A genllomnn told mo hu wns In Sydney for a fortnight \ short time ago. Ho is a public man, and has yot to oxprcss himself upon this federation quostlon. Ho wanted to find the gonornl focllng in Hydney on this queRtiou, nnd ho rode on ' omnibuses and tram cars asking opinions about, fodorntlon, and acoording to his own calculations and conclusions ho found It. Ho said tho Federalists wero obliged to use this bait To tho artisans nnd working classes they said, 44 Vote for Federa tion, hocnuso there will ho a now fedornt city, which will oost £5,000,000 to build." But we must not forget that tho interest on this sum hns to bo borne by tho various col onics. Whoro will the surplus ot the Oustoms rovenuo como from ? Ask yonrnclf that ques tion. I say, speaking us a rcnroHcntativo of nn agricultural constituency whose Interests I am hound In all honor to protect as much ns I can— knowing from past oxnerlonco, having shared their reverses and tholr prosperity as well— I am in duty bound to consider Fedora- lion and to sco thnt no olassos of tho com munity nro mlBlcd by it, but to dispassionately consider it in nil its Issues, and then you uro able to give a proper and Intelligent voto upon it. I havo said— and I do not recall ono word .of what I have said — I am con vinced Federation will mean tho ruin of thousands o' all classes of tho community. A gentleman said In tho enrly part of the ovoning that tho southern speakers wore sensible men, but tho utterances 1 havo read to you nre those of as sensible a man as you can find anywhoro, who is absolutely engaged in tho industry, who is ablo to describo Accu rately tho results of what will happen if it Is brought Into effect. I will not trespass further on your time — (Go on. Go on.) — I want to give Mr. Unninck a ohunco to say what he hns to say. Ho has hnd numerous disguised attackers, mon who liko to hit from behind tho bush, men who will not como to tho front and tall us who they are. He hns a right to vindicnto his former statements, and challenge tho accuracy of his opponents. I will not stand in his wny. J stand beforo you to-night ; I havo acceded to tho request of tho gentlemen who asked >nc to stand before you to- night. If I havo given you new facta or new light on tbo matter I shall bo amply repaid. If theso were tho last words I wero to address on this subject I would say. 44 By all tho ties which hind you to your natlvo or adopted country, by nil you hold denron earth and snored in heaven, I say that when tho timo comos to vote on this bill, if you think this bill is diametrically opposed to tho best Interests ot yourself and tho colony, I would say roject it. (Loud applauso.) Mr. Unmack then followed In a powerful and well-reasoned Bpecch, replying to tho criti cisms passed on his former speech. Mr. Unmack's speech wns loudly applauded, and an epitomo of it will bo given in our noxt issue. At the conclusion of Mr. Unmack's speech Mr. Groom delivered a second address ou ono or two points omitted In his first, particularly tho malting industry, after which a. letter was read from' iho Hon) A, Ci Gregory, who .was too IU to attend, embody ing his views ou the Federation Bill. ' Tho proceedings qlosed with a hearty voto of thanks to tho Mayor, pud uvtuuriastio cheers for Messrs. Groom and Unmack. 