RAILTON BRANCH BOARD OF AGRICULTURE. Tho monthly mooting of tho nbovo was hold »t East's Hall on Saturday ovpmng. Present : Messrs P. H. Wluto (chairman), G. Lookolt, D. Shoohan, J. Ooopor, J. Eraser, J. Castles, H. Jonos, T. Weeks, 0\. Allen, and J. Blonkhorn (seoretary). Mr Sheohan apologised on behalf of iha troABuror. Mr W. D. .Tunc, for nia absence through illness. Communications from tho popattmont of Agriculturo had boon recoivod by tho ohairman, secretary, and Mr Shconan, ashing for information as' to tho number of looturos dolivorcd at .Railton in conncc- tion with Mr T. J. Gurnoy's school iw Ulvorsfcono, tho approximate attendance at tho lecturos, and on expression of opinion as to tho value of tho work being performed in that connection. It wob further stated in tho circular that tho in formation was sought with a viow to assisting Iho Govornmont in its delibera tions.— Mr Frasor took cxcoption to tho circulars having been sonfc to individual members, instead of tho board as a whole. He did not considor it fair that tho com munications should havo been circulated surreptiously. — Mr Oastlea said that course had probably been adopted in tho belief that tnoso members who had been communicated with by Mr Tabatfc would convey the contents of tho oiroular to too other members of the board. — Mr Frasor contonded that the proper course > would have boon to address tho board through the ohairman or secretary in the usual way. It seemoct to mm very Bi.r«uw ».»« the ciroulars had been addreasod in tho manner thoy had been. — Soveral members considered it an underhand way of seek ing information. — Tho Ohairman said there was evidently a feeling on the part of some mombers of the Council of Agri culture against Mr Gurnoy. At the meeting of tho Council hold at Ulvorstono recently somo misunderstanding aroso through Mr Gurnoy being busy at his school at tho time, instead of pre senting himself at the meeting. Some of the members seemed to think ho should have been waiting on them. It appeared, however, that Mr Guruey had not been asked to attend the meeting and was not aware that his preseuce was necessary. Mr Gurney had since published a letter in the papars in explanation. — Tho Secretary read the explanation, which was published in "The Post."— Members stated thoy had read the explanation, and considered it a very fair one. — Tho Chairman thought tho board should express every confidence in Mr Gurncy. Personally, ho was thoroughly satisfied that tho lectures and experiments conducted under tho auspices of tho Ulvorstono Technical School were of very great value to agriculturists and farmers generally. Tho Council of Agriculture wanted to discriminate as to whether " the gamo was worth tho candle "—whether thoro was a corres ponding benefit for public money ex pended on tho Bohool at Ulverstono. Mr Gurney had opened tho school, and ho believed bo was subsidised by Govern ment to tho extent of £250 for tho pur pose of imparting teohnical and agricultural education. Mr H. J. Oolbourn, who had delieved a number of lectures at Railton, was one of tho school staff. — Mr Frasor said the lectures had been greatly appreciated by farmers. — The Ohairman would liko an expression Of opinion by members as to the work boing done by the sohool in the interests of the farming community. — Mr Jones questioned whethor much benefit' had boon derived from Mr Colbourn's lecturos. Tho teohnical expressions used wore somewhat perplexing. Ho would liko to know how much ' tho average farmer understood about chemicals. — Mr Castles was not a great believer in theory. Tho contentions and advico of lecturers might bo all very well, but farmers wanted it all worked out in practice.—1 The Ohairman contended that the best results were obtained by the application of Bcienco. In farming, labor and soienoe.musb go hand in hand,— Mr Jonos hoped, if the board expressed any opinion with regard to Mr Gurnoy, that opinion . would be a just one. There was - no use, . howovor, : in expressing themselves to the Council if they had - no positive groubde to go on; Ho did not' know enough of Mr Gurnoy's work to enable , him to ex press an opinion, and ho believed that to be the CA80 with most of -the members of the board.— Mr Sheoban approved of tho school's work. Ho had attended the full course of Mr Colbourn's lectures at Railton, and had gathered from that gentleman a good doal of information whioh was valuable to him, although ho had been at farming for about 33 years. — Mr Castles said in 'theory they wore re commended to go in for certain breeds of \sattle. 6e 'could fetch mongrel cattle u that would give more milk than pure, bred ones. There had been a great deal said from time to time about tho inferior class of cattle In Tasmania, but he got " lotters regularly from Victoria, and learned from them that TaBmanian cows milked as. well,, if not bettor, than the Victorians.— The Ohairman, Sooretary, and Mr Fraser . combatted Mr Castles' arguments oil breeding, and stated that cases of mongrbl cows being good milkers wero very rare. — The Secretary producod a newspaper cutting on tho subject of dairying in Denmark, setting forth that one of tho great secrets of tho success of Danish dairymen waa their strict observ ance of scientific principles. In Den mark two exports wero paid £2000 each. In Victoria and the other colonics largo .sums of money' wero spent in educating farmers, but in. Tasmania paltry sums were begrudged by the Government.— Mr Oastles sand there was too great a ton dency in Tasmania to follow the experi ence of farmers in other colonies, or in other parts of tho world. That informa tion was of little ubo in Tasmania, as the conditions wero different. — Mr Cooper said farmers had themselves to blamo in most instances whoro their crops were . overrun with rubbish. Various remedies had been BUggoRted for ridding tho land of wild turnips, but tho remedy ho found most effectlvo was to pull them out, and kcop them down. Most of the farmers neglected theso precautions in tho early Binges of .the pest, and the consequence wiib that tholr crops became overrun with weeds.— Mr Jones said the board had been in existence some , years, and asked if any member could state what good it had done for the farmers 1 — Mr Sheohan considered that the fact of tho board r being reoognised. by tbe Government was evidence that they wero working in the intorests of farmers. — The. Chairman would nob instance any particular good already aobioved by the board, hut thoro was ovety reason .to believe that the board as a body could do more in the farming . interests than could bo dono by individual cffuit,— Tho Secretary said there wero ' always matters of importance to tho rural industries In whioh a body might take active Bteps, Only a fow days ago, butter was sold at Railton for 2d per lb, whioh showed tho necessity of producing an . nrtiolo.of standard quality, and marketing it to the host advantage. — Mr Allon acknowledge having recoivod many bene fits by his association with tho board, and saw no reason why the board should not lio a great bonefit to the district.— The Secretary said Mr B. S. Oppenhoim, one of the leading farmers in those parts, had moqii'nod to him. that the board were a live bo 'y, and he derived much pleasure and benefit from reading tho reports of : >ihe mcutings. — Mr Cooper admitted that iR body of fanners could dovise hotter -than individuals the means of marketing produce, : purchasing manures, and so forth.— Mr Mien said tho on o great . dilfioulty was to maintain a spirit of unity '.among farmers. They appeared to be afraid that ono should got a bettor prico for produco than another. — Mr CastleB said oxporimcnts for tho destruction of shnrlookaud black borrios had been tried in tho district for tho past fivo years, but ho waa at a loss to know whoro the ox porimcnts had been successful in a single instance-1- Mr Ooopor oontonded that ex periments woro of valuo, and whon ono moans failod, thoy should look for other means. — Mr Sheohan contonded that to that end Mr Colbourn's lectures and dis cussions by members of the board woro valuable. — Tho Sccrotary proposed that tho lottors received ro Mr Gurney bo handed to a committee, consisting of tho chairman, secretary, and Mr Fraser, s to niako further inquiries, and roport to tho department. — Seconded by Mr Ooopor, and carried. A letter was received from tho Depart ment of Agriculture, asking that con sideration bo given to tho question of bags for produco, as brought up by tho Fast Mersey Bianch Board. — Tho Ohair man contonded that tho prosent system of " bags in " was not fair to tho producer, who, having sold his grain, was tho valuo of tho bags out of pockot. Custom, bow- over, had niado it a rulo.— Mr Sheohan thought a fair prico should bo allowed for tho bags. In former times, the bags woro supplied by tho mcrohant, to Jbo filled with grain and returned to him. That, howovor, was a bad system for tho farmor, as ho was then oompellcd to sell tho grain to tho particular morohant sup plying Iho bags. Tho " bags In " system waa best, provided that a fair allowanco wero made for tho bags. Tho producer was then at iiborty to sell to tho highest bidder.— Tho Chairman said tho farmor was entitled to bo roturnod a fair market prico for the bags. It would, perhaps, be better to havo tho protection of legisla tion in tho matter. If that could not bo obtained, it would bo tho duty of tho farmers to co-oporato in insisting on the merchants paying for tho bags. — Mr OdBtles said tho rulo now waB to givo 31b short weight in tho whoab to allow for tho bags. — Tho Chairman said those who gavo short weight woro liable to prosecution. — Mr Frasor romarked it was no more an offence against tho law than a grocer weighing in a paper bag with a pound of sugar.— Mr Sheohan moved that a sugges tion be made to tho Board of Agriculture, requiring farmers to put tho full four bushels in the bag, and merchants to pay for tho bag. — Seconded by Mr Allen, and oarried. Tho Ohairman said tho co-operation of branch boards should bo sought in in ducing immigration to the Colony. ThOro woro not enough skilled tradesmen in Tasmania, whilo in tho old country num bers of good men wero almost starving. He had that week rofused £60-worth of work, simply bccauso ho could nob get the hands. — Mr Cooper thought tho matter might bo allowed to stand over till thoy saw what changes in that respeot would bo effected by Federation. There was undoubtedly a need for more population and manufactories. They woro producing tho matorial here, sending it homo to bo made up, and paying for it to bo brought back again. — Mr Frasor movod that, owing to the great deficiency in Tasmania of skilled workmen and other laborers, the question of immigration be referred to the branch boards for consideration.— Seconded by Mr Ooopor, and carried. Tbo following offico- bearers were unani mously eleoted for tho ensuing year: — Ohairman, MrD. Sheohan; vice-chairman, Mr T. Weeks ; secretary, Mr j. Blenk- horn (ro- eleotod) ; treasurer, Mr W. D. Tune (ro-eleotcd). Votes of thanks wero passed to the re tiring officors, and suitably acknowledged, after which the meeting dosed. 