TRADE AND FINANCE. The position of the Bank of England is Dgain weaker, ax during the past week there has been a ° loss of coin autl bullion of £497.000. The- rt^ervc has declined j£U4,(XW, and altogether the posrtton w weaker al present titan it ha» been for about a month. Public deposits show a very slight increase, for which heavy disbuwe mc-ntu are no .doubt maiuly responsible. In Uc same period money- in the open ntarket hat hardened,- and discounts are now 12s. f-d. befojv- the oiticial mutimnm as aaaiust 17s. 6d. a week ago. The course of money in the London market appears to be justi fying thfc opinion held by financial experts at the boginninv: of the year, t)ut the pe riod of cooiparatircly cheap money would not be of Ion; duration. As yet only a small portion of the Australian loans anticipa ted to be floated during 1809 bavc been placed. There U no advance on the week to note writh respett to the metal markets. Lead is unakercd, but copper and tin hare both declined 12s. 6d. per ton, and spelter has Jropped Ids. per ton. Pig-iron i$ unoitered. ihc range of th? metal markets is uotwith itaodin!,' higli. ^Vlthougli the Bradford mar ket Ls reported as quiet, there has been no iechue in the price of 'tops,'' and on the achcr hand the London wool sales arc con tinuing with good competition and un [?Uauged prices. The English butter market id unchanged, and the same money as for merly is beiiig paid for. colonial shipments, bnt for Danish a hardening tendency is noticeable. Ihc improvement in price locally has brought out store butter, and has induced suiail importations of Vic torian. The world's production of silver last year was the largest ever recorded. The pre liminary estimate is 205,000,000 line oz., made up as follows:— United States, W,000,COO oz.; Mexico, 58,000,000 oz.; Bo livia and Peru, 27,300,000 or.; all other countries, 53,GW,00i) oz. Eoughly :he value may be given as £27,300,000, wuicn, added to £60,000,000, the estimated value of the gold production of the world, makes -i total for the precious metals of £87.500,000. The 'Argus' has the following on the sub ject:— '1 he mining boom at ?Johannesburg advised by cable is the natural coiuequcncc of a production of over £10,000.000 worth of gold for the year 1898, &3 well as of the proved certainty that the deep-level mines are of at least the same quality as the sur face mines. For the current year the pro duction is likely to reach quite £20,000,000. Moreover, according to scientific hypothe sis, it -is probable that the peculiar 'ban ket' deposit may be rediscovered at an other point, and that, in short, the possi bilities of gold production in South Africa are almost beyond conception. lu addition to the Transvaal, Mata bcleiand U commencing in ear nest to yield gold, but in this case a rather rich quartz takes the place of the 'banket.' From the mercantile (joint of view, the importance of the great increase in the world'* production of void can hardlr be overrated, for an addition of £60,000,000. end |MKsiblr before long a much larger quantity, annually to the ag gregate holdings cannot fail to exercise a great influence upon prices of commodities, causing them to rise.' Cane Colony has essayed to appear on the London money market with a three per cent, loan, and so far as can be reon has been very successful. The vum of £3,107,400 was asked for, and £5,147,200 was tendered, the average price working out at £07 2s. 3d. Advices by the mail show that from the average of £96 lls. re ceived for the Xew Zealand Ionu clmrgctt had to be deducted, which brought the net average to £03 6*. 9d. Mr. William Goodwin, a reliable autho rity, has furnished some particulars about Argentina agricultural matter?', which will be of interest to South Australian farmers. Writing from Buenos Ayres on December 30, 1898, he says that taken all round hist year was a good one for Argentine agricul ture, and tlierc were no disasters. Prices of wheat and wool having been good, it is considered that the losses of previous lean years have been to a great extent covered, so that a fair utart will now be made, and a cycle of good seasons so anxi ously looked forward to by South Austra lian farmer* 'aiay be expected. Mr. Good win continue* as. follows:— 'Locust* do not cause m- much alarm now that the possi bility of keeping their ravages within bounds in the cultivated districts has been demonstrated, and when it is known that their habitat i-* tonSned to the Republic, so that when they can be followed to their hibernating -|unrterx the process of exter mination will not be impossible. At any rate, the locust plague ha* taught indi vidual Argentines to do some work for public good without relying alto gether on the Government. .So many dUappoititmeuts have resulted from efforts to forecast the wheat crop that we arc all very shy of saying much this year, and the consequence may be low estimates; but it is now probable that the export of 1S99 will be as large as in 1S04 (1,000,000 tuns), and may reach 2,000.000 tons, becaure there arc no failures of crops in any district, and quality will be generally good. It is not likely that wheat growing can increase materially unlemt the improved condition of the currency, or tome other obvious inducement, attracts a large immigration; but. on the other hand, there u no reason to expect any falling off, because the ckuM of Italian* who till the foil nre not fitted for any other work, and will go on at their present occupation as long as they get the necessary food, with hope of occasional good year*. Land they ulways get on some terms for cropping, while their rvfluirenifcnts of livinn are to small that tney cau get aiong romenow; and it i* not \irtu while for people in Europe to worry about the gold premium, for it does not affect the question to any extent worth noticing. As long ax cheap land and cheap living arc obtainable this will Ik a wheat growing and exporting country.'' The wheat business at present is in re stricted limits, but, nevertheless, farmers 5how no inclination to give way. It is re ported that 2*. Sd. |- occwionally naid for prime lots for shippiug, while 2n. 7a. is ob tained without a great deal of difficulty. Shipowners' arc still sticking out for higher rates, and *eem inclined rather than take less to semi their vessels away in ballast. There is pond business doing in flour. We qnotc as follow*:— Wheat.— 2*. 6id- to 2s. lid. for parcel* at Tort Adelaide. / Flour.— £0 5s. to £6 10s. Bran.— Sd. rolUrd.^Jo1. Oats.— Xew Zealand, from 3«. lOd. to 4*., dun and Algerian, ls. tid. to ls. Sd.; white, 2*. to 2*. «kl.' Chaff.— £1 175. 6d. to £2 per short ton, bags cxtnu ? 9 