LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 11. The Sprmrra rcu-2 prayers and took tea chair at 3.39 p.m. INSPECTOR OF TOTALlSATORS. Mr. Tubley a-ked the Home Secretory,— Did the Public Service Board, in accordance with section 33 of the Public Service Act of IS9'J, certify that there was no person in th'a service available and qualified to fill the posi tion of inspector cf totalizators? The Hgxe SECEcraiiY replied : An inspec tor of totalizators *vas appointed by tho Department of Justice for 12 months, fro:u April 1 last, the necessity for such au appointment having been brought under the notice of the Minister by tb.* Under Secretary of that department. Oa the recommsndatiou of the Public Service Board the officer ap pointed was excepted from the operation of the Public Service Act. TOTAU3ATOR PERMITS. Mr. Tculey asked the Home Secretary.— 1\. What were the number of permits granted by the Government to run totalizators"daring the years 1S95-G-7-S-9? 2. To whom wero such permits granted? 3. What amount of money passed through the various totalizators during the same years ? Mr. Foxrox replied as follows: 1. Four hundred and six. 2. A return is being prepared of the information sought by this question; 3. Year ending Jur.c 30, 1593, £156,665 Ss. 6d.; year ending Jane 30, IS96, £157,061 13s. Gil.: year ending Juno 30, IS97, £206.351 13s.; year ending June 30, IS9?, £209,573 Us.; ve.ir endin-r June 30, IS99, £275.440 ISz. CAMBOGYA ELECTORATE. Mr. Dawsox asked Mr. Mackintosh, tho ton. member for Cumbooya,—1. Is he cor rectly reported in "Hansard.3* 7, page 250?" 2. If so, will he state the polling place where 400 votes were actually counted, al though the roll only provided for 150 legiti mate votes? 3. Does ho kno w of his own knowledge, or -dins he good reason to believe, such stuffing of the ballot-box actually occurred? 4. If so, will lie furnish the House with all the information in his possession? 5. Docsheaccuscmeof stuffing, inducing, influencing, being instrumental in, or in any way responsible for such stuffing of the'said ballot-box r Mr. Mackintosh replied : 1. Y>:s. 2. The statement made to me by the person alluded to in my speech, in the presence of tho mem ber for "the electorate, and not contradicted by the latter, referred to a polling place north of . Brisbane. 3. I made no statement to the effect that the luiliot-box had been stuffed. •!. Answered by the answers to Xuz. 2 and 5. ; 5. As I made "no charge that the ballot-box I had beeu stuffed, it follows that I could not have accused the hoa member of an offcnco which I :uu not aware was committed. LEPROSY CASES. Mr. Dawsgx, on behalf of Mr. Lesina. asked the Home Secretary,—1. How many cases of leprosy have been reported to the authorities dnriusr the twelve months, June 30, 1893, to July I, 1899 ? 2\. "VVhut wore the districts frow which they came ? 3. What was the nationality of the 2>atieuts ? Mr. Foxton replied ns follows: 1. Twenty - two. 2. Ayr I, Brisbane 2, Bundubcrg1, Cairns 2, Charierih'el, Cooktowu 1, Childersl, Gerald _ ton 1. Ingham 1, Isisford 1, Mackay 9. Xam \- hour 1, Townsvilie 1, total 22. 3. English 3, Danish i, Queenslander 1, aborigionls 2, Chinese 1, Pacific Islanders 14, total 22. TIUNSVAAL CONTINGENT. Mr. Diceson raovedf—"That this House renews iheaFsnranceohtsIoyalty and devotion i to the throne and person of Her Most Gracious: Majesty tbo Queen, and as evidence of its lyinpathy with Her Majesty's subjects in -the South African republic, who havoforso long a period suffered burdensome disabilities and grievous injustice, desires to support- the determination of Her Majesty's advisors to secure the immediate recognition of British fights in that republic. This House there fore views with approbation the proposal of the Government to equip, despatch, and maintain a military force volunteering for service with Her Majesty's army in South Africa, consisting of 259 officers, non-com-! missioned officers, and men of the Queensland j Mounted Infantry, together with a machine gun section of the Queensland Regiment of ' Royai Australian Artillery.'' He said it was! with feelings of great satisfaction and pleasure that he rose to move that resolution, concerning as it did the offer made by u patriotic band of volnnteers—(Oh ! Oh .' and . Opposition laughter)—who sympathised with ' the sufferings of tbeir fellow countrymen iu j the Transvaal. Those who had voluntcercdhad, I in doing so, shown that they were not- only soldiers of Queensland, but soldiers of the Queen. (Opposition laughter.) He con sidered that the men who had beeu accus tomed to military service iu defence of Queensland deserved thanks for the offer they had made to serve elsewhere on behalf of the empire. 3fr. M'Donald : You have not got 200 : Volunteers yet. ! Mr. Dickson said there would not be much j difficulty about that, and he had very great satisfaction in recognising the loyal offer wade by tbc Queensland soldiers. Mr. Dunsfobd : The overcoats fetched them. Laughter.) Mr. Dickson said he felt sure that any feeling of dissatisfaction which had been expressed had been due to an imperfect knowledge of the facts. He would remind them that the men whom it was proposed to send to South Africa were not going as Queensland troops, but simply as a body of men who were willing to enlist under the British standard. Mr. Maxwell : At 4s. Gd. a day. ' Mr. Dickson said the sending of Queens land voluutecrs would serve as a valuable moral lesson, and allow that Queenslanders were worthy to be classed amongst the most loyal sons 'of the British Empire. (Hear, • hear, and laughter.) He wished to prevent the House from falling under any misappre hension on one point—the Government were hot compelling or even inviting members of the Defence force to tuko service iu the Transvaal. • Mr. Elshee : Who is calling for volunteers, then? MjvDiczsojr said a number of volunteers first came forward and requested the Com mandant to offer their services. Sir. M*Do>*aid: Why did not you lay those papers on the tahle of the House? Mr. Dicxsgn said all the papers in connec tion with the matter which the Government possessed were laid upon the table. The requests made by the men to the Commandant may have been mero verbal representation. In the first instance the Commandant repre sented to him that he had heon requested by a large number of volunteers to ask the Government to offer their services to the Imperial authorities for service iu the Trans vaal under any conditions whatever. Mr. Glassey : Before any offer was made Parliament should have been consulted. Mr. Dicssox said the request of the volun teers was simply that they might be seconded for service with the Imperial forces in the Transvaal. At any rate, the offer made to the Home Government had been accepted in a very gratifying form, and this acceptance was really a high compliment paid to Queens land. The cablegram iron: Mr. Chamberlain which notified the acceptance of the offer ehowed that the action of Queensland was fully appreciated. Mr. Dxwsox: How many volunteers have you got up to date r Mr. jDicesox said there were quite enough to permit of the despatch of the contingent as soon as the sanction of Parliament had been obtained. The offer made was of 250 men and a machine gun section, making perhaps 271 men. That offer would be fulfilled. (Hear, hear.} His difficulty was not to get together sufficient men, but .to satisfy the aspirations of the meu who had "been in th8 Imperial army, and who desired to proceed with the contingent under auv circumstances, even as private soldiers. j Mr. Mix well: I suppose you don't know whether to go yourself or not. I Mr. Dicksox said he considered the present was an exceedingly appropriate time to make fuch an offer. Some people had expressed ii fear that the federation of the colo nics would be but a stepping stone to cutting the painter, but now that federation .ivas practically accomplished, he thought it a splendid opportunity of showing that tho heart of the people of Aus tralia was more loyal now than ever £t was, and that Australians had risen \- in response to one great national impulse. It was not the mere offer to send 250 or 260 men to the Transvaal which would make or mar the fortunes of the British Empire. If the number sent were twice as large it tvould not affect the impregnability of {he British army, but it showed that the Australian Estates recognised that they were part of the Brhi.-h Empire, and that xvheu that empire was m; miced they were wililing' to assist in maintaining its supremacy. Mr. Lesina: Then it is merely an adver tisement of our loyalty. Mr. Diosson* said thoso who had come forward to offer their services had shown their loyalty and their patriotism. They had shown also that they sympathised with the Ontlanders who were suffering from the extremely harsh and brutal conduct of the Boers. Mr. Leska: Question. Mr. Dioesoh said those were the facts as represented in tho Pre??. Mr. M'Doxxld : What about Canada ? Mr. TmtLEY: Yes, what about the Cana dian offer ? Mr. Dawson* : That was in tho Press. Mr. Askeab: What about the uUO Mayors in Canada? Mr. Ttolky : I don't know about the 300 mares or 300 horses either. (Daughter.) Mr. Dicksos said tho Boers had behaved in a most inhutmm manner. The treatment thov had moted out to tho refugees in Johannesburg was such as would not have been permitted by our civilised people. Mr. Dun\\-fobd : Do not you think there might bo another side to that question r Mr. Fitzgerald : How do you know that i« true ? Mr. Dicksox: It is so reported in the Press: 3fr. Tcbley: The Press published jmt as sensational roports of the proceedings western Queensland in 1S91. Mr. Or?ens: Was that news published before tho offer was made by Queensland ? Mr. Dicesox: No, it has transpired since. How could Great Britain permit such brutality to pas3 unnoticed 'i Mr. M'Donald: What did Great Britah do for the Armenians when tucy wcr oppressed and persecuted. Mr. Diceson* said Great Britain was in such a position in regard to the Transvaal that she must make a decided stand, or else relinquish fcer supremacy io South Africa. Tho offer of a Queensland contingent was, he contended, creditable not oniy to the men who volun teered, but also to tho colony. Mr. Keeb : But Parliament was not con sulted. Mr. Dicxson* said tho action or Queensland would make a good impression. Mr. M'Dc.vald : On whom ? Mr. Dicxson* : On the great Powers of tho world—(Opposition laughter]—particularly at the present time, when Europe was prac tically one camp of militarism. Mr. M'Dosald : That's all the more reason why wo should look after the defence of Australia. Mr. Dicxsojf sail Great Britain had been the greatest colonising Power in the world, and it was now for tho colonies to show their sympathy with the mother country, and to show that she would be supported by her great dependencies in any cmcrgcffcy which might arise. (Applause.) He was* very glad that Queensland had had so grand an opportunity of giving practical proof of her loyalty to the Empire. He hoped that members of tho House would all rise to the occasion and .support the Government in the view they took that tho solidarity of the Empire was one of tho first things which Australian statesmen and Queensland states men should aim at. He would again remind them that the offer was not to send Queensland troops to the Transvaal, but merely to assist in sending men who volun teered for sendee, and who were net under the Queensland Defence Acts. Mr. Glassey : The offer was made and it has been accepted. There is no getting away from that. Mr. Dicxsox said the ouor was made wucn Parliament was not in session. The corre spondence would show that it was made on July 10, and as all the members knew, Parliament had, of its own free will, post poned its sitting until after September 2. ill*. Glassuy : "Well, the Government's offer should not have been made until then. Mr. Diexsox: And the emergency would then have passed away. The earliest oppor tunity was taken of informing Parliament in the opening speech of what had been done. Mr. Cowley: And that was adopted by the House, i (Hear, hear ) Mr. Diczsox said he did not therefore see how the Government could in any way be blamed for what they had done.* It was accepted by Parliament, ilr. Dawsox : It was not accepted. Mr. Dicesox said the Government had not committed the country to any expenditure , which they need be afraid of. Mr. Dawsox : Why do not some of you volunteer? (Langhter.) I Mr. JLesixa (to Mr. Dickson): Yes, why don't you lead them yourself? ilr. Dicesox said he did not for a moment argue that a Government should act in matters of groat moment without consulting Parliament when it was possible to do so, bur it most be home in mind that, there were crises at which the Executive must take action on its own responsibility. Mr. Glassey : Yes, that is so, but is this oase one of them ? Mr.' Dickson said lie believed it was. Queensland had taken a foremo-t place in the movement, and he was proud of those men who came forward to volunteer. Mr. Fitzgeeald : It is worthy of you. Mr. Diczsox said he desired to inform the I House what the expenditure involved was likely to be. (Hear, hear.) It was intended to provide equipment and trans ports for 2-50 men and a machine gun section to Capetown. * The homo autho rities undertook that after disembarkation the men were to bo treated as an integral part of the Imperial forces, and undertook also to pay thoir passage back to the colony. Ho thought the offer was an exceedingly generous one on the part of the Imperial authorities. He did not think that tho pay offered would fully recompense the men who went. Mr. Glassey : Most certainly not. Mr. Djceson said the Government intended to pay 4s. lid. per day for privates during tlie tirao they were on the way to South Africa. When the men landed at Capetown they would ho paid Is. 2d. a day by the Imperial authorities, and Queensland would under take to pay the balance to bring the pay up td 4s. Cd. In addition to this arrangements would be made for the payment of compassionate allowances in the case of the men who fell during tho war. Then the sending of the troops to South Africa would enable them to become proficient in the military art. Tito cost of the equipment and conveying of the men, &c.;, would he £3l,9S0 according to their estimate, and their maintenance £1.560 per month. If thoy were kept for six months he did not think the cost would exceed £50,000. Mr. M'Donnkll: It Is a big price to pay. Mr. Dicksox said this exhibition of national and patriotic spirit on the part of Queensland citizens had already caused emulation in the other colonies, and they also wore preparing1 similar expeditions. Mr. Duxsronn: But they are ashing their; Parliaments before they ra:tko tho offer. Mr. Dicksox said the effect of tho offer had been widespread among all portions of the British Empire, and he considered that the letter tbey had received from Johannesburg was a great tribute in itself to the action they had taken. (Hear, hear, aud jeers from tho labour opposition.) Ho then read a portion or the letter received from the secretary of lite Ontlandc-rs* Committee. Mr. Lesixa : Another of Cecil Jthodes's tools. Mr. Diexsox could hardly believe any member of that House would upprovo of; depriving British citizens of their just right®. A member : What arc their just rights ? air. Dicesox said the estimate of expendi ture over tho contingent had been u liberal one ; £32,000 was likely to bo too maximum cost, and all they asked for was to support the equipment, transfer, and maintenance of the men who volunteered for the service. That such an exhibition of ardour and patriotism should be circumscribed or rejected by members of that Parliament through mere apprehension of cost was to liis mind beyond belief. Ho hoped tho members would not attempt to diminish the offer mado. The Government felt ihc-y had taken the right step, and there was not tho slightest desire to conceal anything from Parliament. After some further remarks to the same effect, Mi*. Dickson said the details of the total equipment he hud not given, but ho would give what further information he had if required. Ho then moved the resolution of which ho had given notice, and in conclusion, said emphatically that ho had repeatedly asked the Commandant and tho other officer® as to what were the feelings of the men on the subject*, and had heard they were anxious to* volunteer. He believed that very shortly a sufficient number of qualified men would be found. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Dawson rose to move an amendment. He said he had listened with a great deal of interest and pleasure to Mr. Dickson when introducing his motion. But ho assured him that it caused him (Mr. Dawson) just as much pleasure to oppose it. This thirst for blood, this jingoistic spirit, this overwhelming derive to hit somebody on the point "and knock him out seemed to have manifested itself not onlr among many members of that Clumber who wcro of a warlike spirit, but to have reached even an old and honoured man like Mr. Dickson. Mr. Dickson seemed to be indignant that members on that side of the House laughed derision at those fearful tales whieli hod been published of late by tho Press. Tbey, however, knew by hitter experience by hitter expci what tho Press was capable of when they wished to create a war scare. The Premier would no doubt recollect, 111 this connection, what awful tiles wero told in some of the papers about shearers* outrages in 1S91. Tales like these wero coloured largely through onr beuig at a dietar.ee from the place, and our rnling prejudices. They had, however, news from the Democrats and Radicals living in the Trans vaal itself, who wero not so anxious about this mutter of Oatlanders* grievances. The Radical Press in Great Britain were nearly all in favour of the Boers, and the leading Radical paper of England, Reynolds s Ne\c$~ paper-— 'jeers and laughter from the Govern ment side)—was in their favour of these people. So were Truth and the Sun. Mr. Dickson had alleged that one of bis reasons why the British Government should be supported in waging war with the Boers was bccausu of the great cruelties that had been perpetrated upon the Oinlanders, especially the women and children. They should look at the other side. They read in the Telegraph much of the indignities, penalties, and cruelties inllicted on British subjects by the Boers. But what about the horrible cruelties wo were engaged in here at this time in inflicting ou j prisoners in our gaols ? These, ho thought, I were very mucli worse than any read -out by Mr. Dickson that afternoon from his documents. (Hear, hear.) One paper said the Boers had been spitting at females, striking them and their children, and taking the babies away from their mothers in order to provoke the husbands and fathers to retaliate, leaving the natural presumption that they would then murder the latter. Could they imagine such a thing as that to have been done? For a Boer to have grossly insulted a Britisher's wifo and ho not to havo resented it—well, he would not be a Britisher. (Hear, hear.) The very absence of the news that these outrages wero resented was proof that the men could not be Britishers. Mr. Lesxxa: They were committed in newspaper offices. Mr. Dawson : Whatever the metropolitan Press here has said about the Transvaal will have to be taken with a very large grain of salt. A Ministerialist * Do not say that when you huvo often read long quotations from tlie Brisbane Press. Mr. Dawson said the Premier had said something- about his not being "responsible himself for the offer to the British Govern ment, but that he was ad intermediary, and the real parties were the soldiers of Queensland, who volunteered through their Commandant. It was on that point he desired information, for tbo news be had received up to that date was that at the time the offer was made, on July 10. no volunteers had offered their ser vices. In fact it was not a matter of consult ing the men at all, and it was only after the offer had been accepted that they set about trying to get tho men to volunteer. Up to date ho believed they had not been very successful. Ho asked Mr. Dickson when ho made that offer in July if he had not got the whole of thuse volunteer* required, and he would now ask Li:n a very pointed question,—How many men had volunteered up to dato ? Mi*. Dickson: I have given the answer explicitly. Mr. Dawson: Yes, one of those skilful diplomatic answers of an experienced politi cian. You said the obligations would bo strictly carried our. That was only saying that before the men went to the transport ship the full complement would be there. (Hoar, hear.) (To Mr. Dickson)—How many have volunteered ? A voice: Over 240. Mr. Dawson: "We want to know the num ber of the volunteers of Queensland who asked Mr. Dickson to take this action prior to July 10, and we cannot find out. IIo wasgiven to understand that **' Major-general'" Ricardo, or whatever his title was, was going about the country inviting those who wished to volunteer ■ for service in South Africa to come forward, and that iu Toowoomba he got tho large number of ten men to volun teer. | Mi\Anneau: Is that from a uewspaper? Mr. Dawson: Yes. (Loud laughter.) If ; ttio Government had already got in Brisbane more volunteers than they required, why was it this man was going about the country in ' this way ? The very fact of his going round proved they had not got enough, j Mr. J. nVnr.TON: Ho wants to make a selection. i Mr. Dawson expressed a hope that all who J went, including the commanding officer, should be subjected to medical examina tion. Ho had heard it said by an eminent military authority in Australia that the whole of our Australian forces would not be called upon to ffght; what they would have - to do would he to mind bridges and guard villflge3 in the rear of the army. Ho wua glad to hear this, because it was quite posnblo that tho Boors might double ou some occasion and give our army a iift in tho *rear. (Laughter.) One matter Mr. Diclftoti laid great stress upon was that wc should renew onr expression of loyalty. He (Mr. Dawson) did not see tho necessity himself, however, of sending this contin gent to prove that loyalty. Ho also denied tho general proposition iu the motion that British subjects in the Transvaal were 44 labouring under burdensome dis abilities and grievous injustice." In Queens land, so long as a foreigner did not proclaim himself a loyal British subject ho remained disfranchised. (Cries of dissent.) But the Boer docs not require that tho man should swear allegiance. Mr. Daluyicpls : You do not know any thing about it. Mr. Dawson said the empire was not iu danger, so why should we send troops. If that were the ease, or Great Britain was at war with a first-class power of equal strength, it wonld ho their duty to send assistance. Mr. Anneab : Wo would send tea times as many men. Mr. Dawson: Ye.*?, it is quite possible. Mr. Annbab: And they would go. Mr. Dawson, speaking of the probable cost of the contingent, said it would really be difficult to estimate the cost, as the war might last six months, or six years, or 16 years. • Mr. Anneab : Or three months. Mr. Dawson then contrasted the liberality of the Government iu the matter of the con tingent with, as he declared, their niggardli ness iu assisting local works and industries which would benefit Queensland, and- the sending of picked men our of the country with the policy of importing immigrants. He condemned Mr. Dickson for making the offer without first consulting Parliament, and declared that the. latter should not delegate the control of its affairs into the hands of ouo man and make him a dejipofc. He would ask the House whether it was wise or unwise to scud a contin gent to South Africa to assist the British Government, and whether it was an allowable practice that a Premier should commit a country to declarations of thar description. His amendment was that after the word "Queen" in the second lino the words bo inserted, "We disapprove of tho action of the Government in making an offer of troops to servo iu Her Majesty's army in South Africa, thus committing tho colony to an indefinite and practically un limited expenditure without the sanction of Parliament." Mr. Dun3F0M> seconded the amendment. Mr. Dickson complained that tho words proposed to bo inserted would not be in symmetry with tho rest of tho motion. He contended that the Leader of the Opposition had not the courage of his convictions. Why did he not come forward and directly oppose tho resolution? He declined to accept the amendment, which ho viewed as a very disingenuous way of dealing with such an important question. The amendment would have the effect of causing tho resolution to appear ridiculous in the records of tho House. No one would dispute the abstract question as to the duty of tlio Government to consult. Z. Parliament wherever possible on an important i; question, but in this case there was derided* fc urgency, and ho contended that the Govern- £ mentwosfully justified in actinu- nsitbuddono. c Mr. Beownk said ho was rather amused at « the virtuous indignation expressed by the . [ Premier at the course Mr. Dawson had taken. • Ho thought Mr. Dawson had fully shown jf that ho did possess the courage of his i opinions. He believed thcro were two j. sides to tho Transvaal question, just .as £ there were to nearly every question. He bad' really been* surprised to hear the jingoistic % utterance of tho Premier, whom ho had £ always regarded as a pence-loving citizen. L He believed that the people of Australia | would go almost any length in defence of tho | supremacy of the British Empire; but % ho contended that the Transvaal war was not likely to endanger that supremacy, 'jg and for that reason he did not; hoc tho neces- f; siry of sending any Australian contingent. £ It was one thing to stand up and defend their country when attacked, but it was quite r. another to send our young men out to another i eouutrv to act as butchers in a quarrel in t which they were not directly concerned. t Mr. Ajiscstroxg denied that the Govern- f inenfc iu offering to send out a contingent to £ tho Transvaal weroanimatcd by any jingoistic i spirit. Ho proceeded to rei'er to tho v grievances of the Outbidders in tho Trans- y vaal, and quoted as his authority the blue- f hook issued by the Colonial Office in ?■ June, 1899. He read a list of tho complaints made against tho Transvaal Gov crnmcnt by tho Outlanders, Mich as dynamito | monopolies, liquor licenses, taxation without f; representation. and many others. Among 1 other things the action of the Boers, ho said, 1 had been such as to impede industries and to j; stop the regular employment of labour. £ Mr. M'Doxald : Coloured labour. ^ Mr. AnsismoNG: No, white labour. > The £ Transvaal Government, by its heavy t taxation, had prevented tho working of many v industries. The Volksraud had removed I certain railway churgcs. but it had imposed ^ very heavy taxes on the Oullunders instead, • and principally on flic gold mining industry.. I (An bon. number: "That's what is tho p matter.") The judicial administration had t also given great umbrage to the Outlanders. % They were really under the will of the Yolks- 5 raad and not of the law courts. The jury | under which the Outlanders was tried - | was composed only of burghers, men f whose wholo history showed that. ) they wero opposed to tlio English. £ Tho expulsion of aliens had also given rise to ' r much friction, but the system which gave tho - | most trouble was that of "commandeering,K our countrymen in the Transvaal. The ; • people had also to submit to many acts of T tyranny on tlio part of the police. He read i the petition which had been presented by tho T Outlanders to the British agent at Pretoria, \ and sent by him to the High Commissioner at Capetown, and then forwarded to tho '; Queen. The petition was signed by 'f 21.0S1- clear, sober-minded men. Tho *$ Outlanders, when the petition was drafted, \ knew that thero was uo use looking for 4? assistance outside, but that the proper redress f for their grievances could only be obtained § by obtaining representation in tfio Legislature. ji The Leader of tho Opposition said the Out landers wero asking tor the franchise without •§ wishing to take the oath of allegiance. That' \ was a direct misstatement. Tho oath of \ allegiance was such and contained so many J insults thatany Britisher would revolt at tho < thought of taking^ it. ^ The Outbidders were ] asking for concessions in a country which was under the suzerainty of Great Britain, (i country which owed its independence to Great Britain. Mr. Dujtsfoiid : They fought for their in dependence and got it. Mr. M'Doscald : They won it at Mojaba Hill. ill*. AnatsraoNG said that it had been stated ' that the Jameson mid was responsible for tho prcasnt trouble. He would not discuss that; , but if hon. members would look at tho posi tion with unbiassed minds the}' must see that Great Britain could not do anything clso but step in to help their fellow creatures in tho Transvaal. lie regretted to think that any man could stand up and call a person willing* to go to assist his own ilesh and blood a coward for so doing. Government members "Hear, hear.") Those words would be re membered against the hon. member who used tlicra, and that member bad driven a nail in his own coftin by using them. (Opposition ironicai laughter.) That member might aspire to a liigb position in politics, but as sure as this remained a British community ho would never see that position. Mr. M'Donald : You are a false prophet Mr. Aiuisteon'O called those who had volunteered bravo men. (Opposition laughter.) They wero braver lliaw those men who bad slandered, them. They had not, to consider so much the mere pending, of tho haudful of meu as the sentiment expressed by the sending of the troops. As part of the erapiro of Great Britain it was their duty to lend a hand if thoy possibly could do so. Ho believed the proposal for - the sending of the Queensland troops to tho Transvaal would be agreed to by 03 out of every 100 persons in tho colony. ' Mr. Chataway : I beg to move the ad journment of the debate. Labour Members : " Oh !" and voices lt Is that tho position of affairs?" Several , members rose to speak, including tlio Pre ! mier, and the Speaker called on Mr. Dickson byname. Mr. Dickson : Before tho motion is put, X " desire to read a telegram from Sir George Turner, Premier of Victoria. Mr. Fisher : I riso to a point of order. (Cries of •' Chair.") I ask whether the Premier will bo in order in reading this telegram if it relates to tho subject already discussed. Tho Speaker : The Premier is speaking t» the adjournment of the debate, and eo far as ho lias prone ho bus not transgressed the rules of the House. Mr. Dickson then read the telegram, which referred to tho decision of the Victorian Parliament with regard to tho sending of troops to the Transvaal. Mr. Lesina : Read the one from Adelaide. Mr. Dickson, continuing, stated that he had not rcce.ved a copy of the amendment i moved by the Leader ot the Opposition before it was .submitted to the House. He had not, therefore, fully understood its purport. Opposition members : You replied to it. Mr. Dickson said he now wished to state that ho accented it as a motion of want of confidence. (Government members : " Hear, hear" ; Opposition laughter.) Mr. Beowne: That is what it was iutended for. Mr. Dickson said hchad, therefore, assented to tho adjournment of tho debate until to morrow. (Hear, heav.l Mr. Day/son had no objection to the adjourn ment of tho debalo if the Premier took tho amendment ho had moved as a vote of want of confidence in tho Government. Ho had been licensed of showing a want of courtesy to tho Premier. Ho had only done what he was entitled to do Ho had drawn up his amendment, had sub mitted it to tho proper authorities, and had moved it in thb ordinary course. The Premier was present when he bad moved it, and had listened attentively to his remarks. Opposition members: He replied to it. Mr. Dawson : Yes, and he replied to it. YIe thought it tho Premier had considered it •a vote of censure on the Government he should havo issued the challenge which ho r.ow issued, and should have moved the adjourn ment. It was his duty to havo done so. He (Mr.-Daw.son) was surprised to fiud that it took the Premier several hours to discover what was the meaning of a simple amend ment of that kind. He might draw the attention of members to the fact that there yvas ample evidence that the Premier was in ' the habit of replying to something he did not understand. Opposition members: Hear. hear. Mr. Dawson : I do not wish to be rude, "hut I suppose we can lake it that such is the raso with every one of his replies. The Premier had taken advantage of the oppor tunity to read a telegram froth Victoria. Ho would ask him to read the telegram from .South Australia. Uovernmcnt members: lou reatl it. Mr. Dickson : I have not got it. Mr. Dawson then read the messages about the South Australian Parliament, drawin attention to tho fact that the proposals had In "the ease of the Council been carried on the casting rote of the President, while in the Assembly an adjournment Imd been obtained in a thin House on the casting vote of the Speaker.' Tiie telegram also stated that surprise had bo?n expressed at the smail number of men who had volunteered. Mr. STtriicNSOx: That is not much to set against Naw Zealand and Yictorja. Mr. Dawson : Xi is a good deal to set, op against Queensland. South Australia is a Rolf-governing colony. He had read the telegrams to counterbalance the effect of the message read by the Premier. He repeated that ho had 110 objection to accepting the gauntlet thrown dowu by the Premier, and allow lus amendment to go as a vote of no cuufidence in the Government on this par ticular action. Opposition members: Hear, hear. Mr./Dawson said betook it that it meant The usual thing. No other business would be . allowed to interveno Mr. Dicklon : It will take precedence to morrow. The SrEAKEn put the question for the ;:adjournmc»t of the debate. Mr. PnxKr. said he felt set back by the motion for tho adjournment of the debate moved by Mr Chataway. It was the first time be had risen in tbat session to address the House, and he thought it was rather hard ihut the Government should move the ad journment of the debate. They had heard a lot about British justice, but hero tho Gov ernment had allowed ono of its own members to 4alk for a couple of hours, tilling" Hansard" with inflammatory statements, and then .immediately after the adjournment of the debate had been moved. This was a time when the puhlie miud was being excited with sensational telegrams and sensational state ments made by sensational persons, and it was a time when persons keeping a cool bead should ha^'C au opportunity of expressing their opinions. He strongly protested against the action of the Govcrumout in allowing the views of one side of the House to appear in 11 Hansard " and not the other. Tim telegram read by the Premier had nothing to do with the debate, and he was distinctly out of order 311 reading it. Ho presumed he would have an opportunity of expressing bis opinion on a future occasion, but he considered he was justified in recording his protest agaiust the action of the Government at that stugc. Mr. M'Donalx) said the action of the Government under tho circumstances, to put it mildly, was a shameful one. The Premier . had treated the amendment as a no-confidence motion after considerable de bate, and at a time when the Leader of the Opposition would not havo the right of reply ing. The Premier hud been long enough in the House to know how to conduct the affairs: of the Government. If not, why did lie not hand it over to the Attorney-General ? . Labour members: Or tho Secretary for Agriculture. Mr. M*Ponah>: The Premier allowed a 6pecch of nearly threo hours' dura tion, and then ho calmly comes down and prompts one of bis own Ministers to znovo the adjournment of the debate. Under the circumstances he (Mr. M'Donuld) thought that tho Government ought to bo severely censured for the peculiar action which had becu taken. If they had taken the course when the amendment was moved, no objection could have been taken to it; He bad or pected that the Government would have taken that course then, but the Premier mudo a long rambling speech in reply to the amendment, and then at nearly 9 o'clock at night he admitted that he knew nothing about the amendment and nothing of what ho had been talking about. The Government whip had been all through the House to try to find out tlio strength of the Government, and had found that in the event of a vote being taken at the present time the Government would be defeated. Government members : No, no.. Air. M'Donald i If the Government were not defeated the majority would have been so narrow that they would not have been able to send the troops away. They got oao of their members to stonewall tfco amendment, and then a Minister moved the adjournment of the debate. It was a position that no Government that was not absolutely devoid of honour would take up. Mr. Brix rose to a point of order, asking if the member's ianguago was parliamentary. The Speaxee asked Mr. AI'Donald to withdraw the words. Air. M'Donald: I cheerfully withdraw. What I moant to say was that no number of men with any political deceucy could maintain the positiou the Government hold. The SpeajlCB; Tiic lion, member is again using language that is unparliamentary. Mr. M'Donald: I will agaiu change the language, and I will say " no number of gentlemen who have a sense of honour and integrity so high and free from political bias that it canuot be impeached in any shape or form." The SrsATEE: I would draw attention to the fact that the question is thai the debate should be adjourned, and I trust the hon. member will speak to the question. Mr. AI'Donald said tho Premier had cot confined himself to the motion. Ho had gone out of his way to road a telegram, and that had prompted the Leader of the Opposition to read one. Mr. Browne said the Government had now recognised the Leader of the Opposition, that ho was not the leader of a faction, bat of a partj- in a position to more a vote of want of confidence. Ho wub pleased to see that the motion for the adjournment of tho debate had been moved. Mr. J. Hajolton said if members opposite were not satisfied that the Government had the confidence of the countiy let thein test the question immediately. Mr. Cowley said Mr. Dawson should have given notice to the Premier of the amend ment he intended to more. The Premier had the right to reply to tho amendment at the time he did so. The member for Flinders had paid that the Government had counted heads. He was in a position to say that the Premier had spoken to him at a quarter to 7 o'clock, and had theu stated his intention of moving the adjournment of the debate at the earliest opportunity. He was sorry that it could not have been dono before the member for Lockyer began to speak. The Premier bad asked him (Mr. Cowley) to move the adjournment, but it was afterwards considered that it would he much better for a Minister of the Crown to do so, as the Premier would be unable to speak. Laving :droauy spoken. The full significance of the amendment could not have been seized when it was moved. Mr. Deaee rose to a point of order. The Speaxee said Mr. Cowley was speaking to the motion. Mr. Cowley said he wished tcr show that the proper time for the Leader of the Opposi | tiou to have given notice of bis ameudmcat ! was when the address-in-reply was before the House. The address, however, had beeu unanimously adopted. Mr. Dawson : Kead my speech. Mr. DftT.nngLc: You voted for tho address j in-reply. s ! Mr. "Cowley : That was the proper time to; move the amendment. Mr. Diuxe: I rise to a poiut of order. I The hon. member is continuing his address; in defiance of your ruling. The SrEAXEE: I have already expressed my opinion, and I ask the hon. member to ; keep to tbe question. I Mr. Cowley : I bow to your ruling. | Mr. Fishee said it was impossible to know , what thut continuous Government would take i as a want of confidence motion. They would not treat auy motion as such if they thought they bad plenty on their tide to defeat it. Ho was glad the Premier had recognised this amendment as a want of confidence motion. The Leader of the Opposition had been charged witb discourtesy in not giving notice of bis amendment. Notice was given on the previous day. The Premier ehould have taken the action he was now taking when the amendment was moved. Mr. Stetiieneox : He did not know it was in existence. Mr. Fishee : The Leader of the Opposition gave notiee to the Speaker. Mr. Phil? rose to a point of order. The Speaeeb: The hou. member for Gytnpie is transgressing the same as other members. X must ask the hon member to confiuo himself strictly to the motion that the debate be now adjourned. Mr. Fishee bowed to the Speaker's ruling. He was not one to defy the chair when he was called to order. Mr. Kidston said the Leader of the Opposi tion had distinctly given the Premier to understand when speaking on the addross-m reply that if It was proposed to spend auy money on troops to the Transvaal it would be opposed. (Hear, hear.) So the Premier must have known when bringing the moiiou forward that it would.be opposed. The hou. member for Herbert was not correct in saj- ing that the Premier had uo notice of the amendment. He offered no objection lo the motion for adjournment. Mr. Daleyhple contended that the action of the Premier was very reasonable, as he had discovered that the amendment was really a vote of want of confidence. If anybody w:is to hhune in the matter, the Leader of the Opposition was equally in fault with the Premier. Mr. Totiley asked how could Mr. Dawson know whether or not the Premier would accept the motion as a no-confidence motion. Mr. Giyenb pointed out that Mr. Cowley had said that the Premier told him at tea time that he had discovered that it was a no confidence motion. After tea a long speech had been made by Mr. Armstrong, and he (Mr. Givens) had distinctly heard the Premier by interjections encourage Mr. Armstrong to proceed. The motion for the adjournment of the; debate was carried. ! The House rose at 9.20 p.m. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12. The SrzjjwEE read prayers, and took the chair at 3.30 p.m. THOMAS HUNTER, OFGOONDIWINDI. Mr. Moo mi moved.-—** 1. That a Select Committee be appointed to inqairc into the alleged grievances of Thomas Hunter, of Goondiwindi, as set fcrth in tho petition pre sented to this House on June 7 last. 2. That such committee consist of Messrs. O'Connell, Newell, Bell. Curtis, Browne, Fitzgerald, and the mover. 3. Tliat such committee have power to send for persons and papers, and leave to sit during any adjournment of the House." The motion was agreed to. ROMA TO GOWRIE RAILWAY. Mr. Bell moved,—"That thero be laid upon the table of the House, returns show ing: 1. The revenue, expenditure, net revenue, capital expended, percentage of net revenue to capital, aud percentage of ex penses to earnings for tne twelve months ended June, 1899, on the section of railway, Gowric Junction to Roma. 2. The earnings per traiu mile on the sections, Gowric Junc tion to Roma and Gowric Junotion to Warwick, for the twelve months ended June, 1S99. The motion was carried. TRANSVAAL CONTINGENT. The debate on Mr. Dawson's amendment to Mr. Dickson's motion of yesterday, relative to the sending of o Queensland contingent to the Transvaal, was resumed. Mr. Diuxe, speaking' in support of the amendment, saic^the crux of the question was whether tLo Government was justified in taking that step without tho sanction, of - Parliament. Mr. Dalhyhtlu : That is not tho issue at all. Opposition members: That is the issue. Mr. Drake said he considered it was eo, but he did not wish to touch on any of these matters for the sake of argument. Ho noticed that on the previous night a great many statements had been made of a distinctly inflammatory character. Those rocently made with regard to the refugees might bo true, but, on thcothcrhnnd, it was equally likely that they were not. The object in sending them was clearly to inflame the public inind. He had reason to believe they were untrustworthy, and, what was more, it was likely they were grossly untrue or exaggerated. About the time a cablegram came speaking of the outrages. there was also one which said that large orders for tinned meats had been placed in America, anu even giving the tuuuss of the Anns that had received the orders. About two days after wards there came another cablegram saying that tho first cablegram was absolutely nnirue. As dissatisfaction had been expressed in some of the colonies at these orders being placed in America, this cable was sent to allay the illteeling in these colonies. What about? the truth of tho first cablegrams then ? Ho did not say those • cablegrams were untrue, but after that he might .say they were unreliable. (Hear, hoar.) There was another reason why these messages about the treatment of refugees might bo false, and that was that up till that time there had been particularly few accounts of oat rages in the Transvaal on British subjects, so that they could only.come to the conclusion tliut up till now the Boers had been most scrupulously anxious not to allow themselvesi to be placed in the position of aggressors. I (Labour members: "Hear, hear.*1) They had had a telegram the other day saying stringent orders had been issued against any Boer crossing the border. Mr. Dailhyicle : Why do you believe that telegram and not the other? Youbelicvcwbafc suits you. Government members: Hear, hear. Mr. Drake then read a cablegram about the Cape Premier (Mr. Schreiner) challenging the Archbishop of Capetown to substantiate certain statements he had made in a letter to one of tho newspapers. That, he remarked, was a cablegram they were likely to receive, as it threw a considerable amount of doubt on the original statement. The cablegrams might bo true or they might be fal.-c; and they also had to recollect that these people had been -engaged only a few years ago in a life and death struggle with savages. Mr. Dalrymple : From which Great Bri tain has delivered them. Mr. Drake said that had a tendency to brutalise them. The roughness aud rudeness of the Boers might he true, but anyway that ;hould not influence our judgment at all, and certainly not iu deciding the point at is>ue at that time. If Mr. Dickson had power to scud Queensland troops away for service iu foreign countries.bebad an cqualrigbttoduso whethcrthccour-cwasjustor unjust. (Labour members: Hear, hear.) If they justified the Government in sending away troops on the ground that British subjects had beeu illtrcated, they established the Government's right to send their troops away in any cause Mr. Dicksox : They volunteered. Mr. Drake thought the question ought to be settled once and for all by Mr. Dickson's communication to the Governor on July 10 : "I have the honour to inform vour Excel lency that, in view of hostilities breaking ont between Great Britain and the Transvaal, the Government of this colony are prepared to offer the services of a contingent of troops," &o.; Mr. Dickson: Arc not they volunteers? Labour members: No. Mr* Dbaxe could not help noticing the difference between the wording of that offer and that of the resolution before the House. Mr. Dickson was doing what he could not legally do under the Queensland Defence Act of 1884. and was endeavouring to obtain volunteers now in such a way as to enable him to carry out—in appearance at any rate —his promise. , Mr. Dickson : That is not so. Mr. Drake had no doubt a sufficient number of volunteers would be forthcoming, but it was quite legitimate to contemplate tho possibility of the whole of tho Defence Force declining to go. * Mr. Dicxoox: That is not what your leader says—your leader says enough volunteers cannot be obtained. Mr. Phase : The hon. leader of the labour party i6 not my leader. I am Lore an a leader of the independent Opposition party. How cau Mr. Dickson cony out hie intention of an offer of troops! Mr. Dickson : You expressed no doubt that volunteers would go. Mr. Deaee : I expressed no doubt about that, but I think this is u clear instance of the impropriety of the head of tho Govern* racnt offering to do a certain thing which he bud no legal power to do He has no power to compel one single member of the Mounted Infantry or any single one of the Defence Force to go outside the colony. Mr. PAt.TiYMrLB: It was never said he had. Mr. Diuze: Bat he made tho offer. Mr. GrvENg: And before a single man had volunteered. Mr. Pratt. declared Mr. Dickson had said he knew perfectly well afc the time that he had cot power to do what he did. Li IS91 it was distinctly affirmed by Parliament that the Defence Force should not be usod outside Australia. Up till that time there had been some doubt on the subject. In the principal Act under which tho De fence Force was established, it was provided that tho force could he employed by the Government either within or without the ! colony. When tho amending hill was before ! Parliament in 1891 he (Mr. Drake) had j brought forward an amendment which pro I posed to limit tho power of the Government to employ the Defence Force solely within Australasia. That amendment was accepted by Sir Samuel Griffith, tho then Chief Secre tary. and it was pnt into tho Act, thus making it perfectly clear that they cotsM not be legally employed outside Australia. Mr. Dickson : Nobody doubts that. Mr. Drake said that in spite of that amend : merit being made in the Act, the Premier had ■ on July 10 last made an offer of'250 men of 1 the Mounted Infantry and a machine j I section for service in the Transvaal. Mr. Diczsox : That is a narrow-minded view of the question. It is simply a nutter of sending volunteers. Mr. Givexs: I suppose the Maxim gun : to be a volunteer too. (Laughter.) Mr. Drake said he spoke iu the way he had done because he had always taken n Tery deep interest iu all that concerned the IJefence Force. 3L. Diczeox : Do you speak on behalf of the Defence Force? Mr. M'Don-aid : Do you ? (Hear, hear.) Mr. Drake said ho was speaking simply as a member of Parliament. Mr. Diczsox: Don't misrepresent your status. Mr. M'Doxaid : Oli, keep your hair on. (Laughter.) Mr. Dicssox said the Defence Forco had received small support from Mr. Drake. Mr. Drake : The last time the defence estimates were before Parliament they were carried by one vote and that was mine. (Laughter.) Mr. Dicssox: Fyo £t rex. (Laughter.) Mr. Drake said ho referred to that fact solely to show that he did take a real interest in the Defence Force. Mr. Dicssox: That shows that you were in your sane mind then. Mr. Drake said he desired to make it understood that he was not in sympathy with thoso who wonld impugn tho personal courage of those who had volunteered for service in the Transvaal. (Hear, hear.) He believed if auy members of the Defence Force went there they would give a good account of themselves, and would prove themselves as good soldiers as any regular troops in the world. Mr. Dawsox: Hear, hear. Mr. Drake was willing to admit that any who went to tho Transvaal would benefit by the experience they would gain in actnal warfare. He would not object to their goi it they were purely and simply volunteers. Mr. Dicksox : Why do you doubt that they arc? Mr. M'Doxald: Oh, shut up. (Laughter.) Mr. Foxrox said Mr. Drake had laid it down as a principle that it was not competent for the Premier of tho colouy to offer any portion of the Defence Force for service to the mother country. Kveryouc would admit that there was no power on the part of the Executive to "send one man ox tho Defence j Force out of the colony for such purposes j as were intended on the present occasion. It j was unnecessary for anyone to tell them that. Tlicy were all aware that there was no power in the Executive to moke any offer that would be absolutely binding upon Parliament, or incur any expenditure in carrying out anv offer made. If the offer made ■ was not backed up by Parliament, and it was said that the Government had. so far exceeded its duty or its power iu a matter of urgency : or a crisis, there was only one course open to j that Government—(Ministerial hear, hear)— I and that was to come there us they had come I there that day with the determination to settle it that day. (Ministerial members: " Hear, hear.11) If the Premier's action was not endorsed by the country through Par liament. then there was only one thing for the Government to do, and that was to step down and refuse to send troops and make way for a Government that would not send troop?. (Sir. Dickson: "Hear, hear.11) It had been stated by Mr. Lcsina that at certain periods it was necessary for the Government to step in and show a strong band, and he (ilr. Foxton) contended that that was one of those periods. (Opposition merabe-s: " No, no.") That was where he and members on the [■other tide of tbe Huu*e differed. He considered I that it was Ho noticed that the bon. mem bers on his side of the Hou<e, in speaking to Lthe question before the House, were not like ! the members on the Opposition side, who re ferred to the members of th'e Defenco Force as "swa>libueklersf" "cowards," and "curs." Government members did not de scend to epithets of- that sort. It was con sidered desirable that tbe offer of troops should be made, andi it was made. It had been pointed out that it was impossible to consult Parliament before making- the offer. He would like to ask where was the cohesion amongst tho members of the Opposition. Mr. Dawson, in referring to the question last evening, said it might be necessary to ask for some swash bucklers to come from England, and he (Mr. Foxton) had interjected, " They would come." Mr. M'Donals: That is the paid profes sional fighting men. Mr. FoxiOKsald if litis colony, or Australia, desired to' bo more than dependencies of Great Britain, it was necessary they should display, not only in words, and in boastful cess, but by their actions that they* were willing to take*their share of the responsi bility as a portion of the empire, and take part in its defences. Mr. W. Tiiqex: Wait till the time arise.?. Mr. Foxxox said the moment had arisen, and it must bo apparent to those who had read or had listened to the speech made by Mr. Armstrong last evening that the question in South Africa at present was whether Great Britain should he paramount. or not. (Ministerial m rubers : " Hear, hear.") Ho desinkl to see in South Africa a free people and a federation. It might not come about to-day or to-morrow, but he hoped to see a federation of South African Stales such as tbey would enjoy in Australia in about 13 months. Ho was an Australian and he thoroughly appreciated the privileges he had as an Australian. They lived under the freest. constitution under tho sun. It was all very well for them to say there, and for leader-writers in the Press to write, tliat they were one and the same people of the British Empire, hut that sort of thing might be continued for years and centuries without conveying anything. But when any thing came forward thai was likely to affect rho stability of the empire they should show they wore willing to assist the Imperial troops in maintaining the integrity of tho empire. That was an advertisement to rho rest of the world that they were willing to do such things. Mr. W. Titoux: "Wliat is the pay for tho men? Mr. Foxrox said he could not come down to tho level of 3Ir. Th-ra at present. He would ask Mr- Thorn what was the price of butter iu Aubiimy ? Mr. MiCDONAZS-Patessox : Please address tho chair. Mr. Foxrox said it would be some tirao before the members of the Defence Force and the patriotic people of Queensland wonM forget Mr. Dawson's words. For his part ho resented them. Ho did not think anybody was likely to ever coll Mr. Dawson a swashbuckler. Ho (Mr. Foxton) thought he had said enough to make his views clear to the House, and he sincerely trusted that for the honour of Queensland and of Australia no action would be taken which would have the effect of repudiating the action taken by the Govern ment. Similar actions bad been endorsed by tho Parliaments of all the other colonies of Australia. Mr. W. Tnoux: In one by the casting vote of the Speaker. Mr. Foxiox: That was in the Legislative Council, and what is the Legislative Council? I do not care that for the Legislative Council (snapping his lingers). Mr. W. Thobx : I wonder if that will he forgotten. Mr. Fitzoseaid said the remarks whjeh had fallen from tho Homo Secretary and others on tho Government side of the House showed that they were amazingly ignorant of the Army Act of 1SS1." and tho Defence Force Acts of 1SS4 or ISO!. If volunteers were sent from Queensland, directly they got threo miles away from the coast they would not bo subject to the Defence Force Act or any other coutrol. The meu could refuse to turn out on parade in the morning, and all tho 4 4 Colonel" Gunters in the world couldnot com pel them. Mr. Foxrox: Do you suppose we do not kuow that? Mr. Fitzgerald said when the men reached Capetown they might all refuse to join the Imperial forces, and no one could make them. Iu ISO I, when Queensland troops were sent out west, many of the men found when they got there that the stare of affairs had leeu verv greatly misrepresented. In fact, he had been "told by some of the men themselves that if they had known the true state of affairs beforehand they would never have left Brisbane. It might he that when the Queensland volunteers trot to Cape town they would find that the condition of things tbcro had been misrepresented to an equally groat extent, and might refuse to fight against the Boers. "Mr. Dicxsox: You are doubting the lidoiity of vour soldiers. Mr. FnzBKBiLD eaid he was not doing any • thing of the kind. Bethought tho Govern ment had acted illegally in making: any offer on behalf of the colony without the consent of _• Parliament. Mr. JkCES02» argued that the character or Hhe Boers had been consistently misrepre sented in times past. He contended that member* on the other side of tho Hou*e had ' '•completely failed to show that the British had any right to interfere with the people of the TransraaL He thought it a remarkable thing that the Imperial Government were unwilling to submit tho matters in dispute to arbitration. In a despatch ho had in his hand ho thought that tho Transvaal Government had mado out a very good case in support of their claim to be allowed the management of their own internal affairs. The Imperial Government had treated the Boers most unfairly in the past. Sir. Akxcab: We saved fhem from being j .wiped out on three occasions. , Sir. Tublet : You did nothing of the sort. Mr. Jacxso.n* said he could understand it might be argued that the British would mukc a better use of the resources of tho Transvaal, bat would members on the other side get up and argue that way ? 1 Mr. Pnu*: That is apart from the ques . lion at any rate. Mr. Jjlcssos could not see that it was in any way the duty of Queensland to intervene in a matter in which they were not concerned. Mr. E. B. Forbest said that rightly or . wrongly Queensland was pledged to' the i troops going to the Transvaiu, and much us j •he disapproved of the action of tho Govern ment, no vote of his should affect its ratifica tion. The wholo of the bother wonld have 1 been saved had Mr. Dickson added the words "subject to the ratification by 'Parliament." when making his offer. He did not con sider it was correct to say* that it was a ""case of emergency then. Mr. Dick<on might well havo waited until September. He would fcot support the amendment, because it was a ; Contradiction of terms. J i Mr. D^Wtox: Would you support it in any 'form ? * J Mr. Btftledoe; Ho, ho: listing for {Votes. * Mr. Fokbest said had the amendment been ["moved in some other form lie would have •felt called upon to support it. He would •:havo liked to see an amendment like this: j " That the House regrets that the constitn j'tional method of making the offer subject to gratification by Parliament was not adopted." j-However, as "it was the duty of the House to fsave itself from a charge of repudiation, he t would support the Government. ^ Mr. Gnoox said as the Premier had com Emitted the colony to sanding iho contingent * and the honour of the colony was involved, 'ho was inclined to agree with it, but he •maintained that the offer bad not been made tin the way it should have been. It should fc. [have been mado subject to the approval of "Parliament. I Mr. Rutleoge : And so it was. (Ironical daughter by Opposition members and cries of ".No, no.") 3Ir. Gaooar asked Mr. Dickson if he had •read the report of n recent interview with Sir •Horace Tozer which had been published in •England, and the corrections to that intcr *viow which had been made by Sir Horace. rHo had read the published correc tions from a newspaper. He considered i Sir Horace Tozer would have been 'much wiser if ho had not expressed any opinion at all, bat had told the interviewer he was a servant of the colony, and could nor therefore speak. In the past they had passed legislation to the effect that the Defence Force should not be sent out of the colony, and yet they found that in this instance the Premier had bonnd the colony to an expendi ture of £32,000 for sending troops to the Transvaal. He was going to vote for what. •Mr. Dickson had done, but he wotdd say that {Mr. Dickson did not go the tight way about, [it, and for that reason he intended to support the amendment. Mr. Annevr said this was the timo that they should not only discuss the amendment but tlio general question. The question before the House was, should they r.itifr the proposals of the Premier, or should they reject them. Ho was proud of being a citizen of tho British Empire, but from the conduct of the Opposition members it was plain they wanted a republic, where they murdered the president about once every three years. (Ironical laughter.) Ho main tained that if the question was submitted to * the country it would be readily ratified. He congratulated Mr. Armstrong on the very able speech he mado last evening. It was an able speech, and one that was wanted. He referred to certain'staternents in tho " Gallery Notes " of the Courier, which statements ho said were untrue. Mr. Dawson, rising to a point of order, asked if Mr. Annear was in order in attacking tho writer in question. TheSppAX^n -aid Mr. Annear was in order. Mr. Dawson \to Mr. Annear): Yon wanted to get the man the sack. Mr. Annejle : I never tried to get any man :the suck. v Mr. M4Donnell: Coward. Mr. Dunskord : It is a cowardly attack. The Spkaxkb said it was not parliamentary 'on the part of the member wbo used the 'word 41 Coward," and be asked him to with * draw it. * Mr. JPDonnell said he would withdraw * tho word. j Mr. Annexe said that " Scriblenn" in the •v Tcleg> oph dealt out justice at all events. Mr. Annear made a further statement about tho writer of "Gallery Notes." but after the tea adjournment he said ho had found that he had been misinformed. He 'wished to withdraw ir, and to express rogret 'lit having made the remarke. Continuing, he J said the Leader of the Opposition hod stated k that the Boers did not practice cruelty. He J ■would quote a case to show what they wore capable of doing. He had the pleasure of, meeting Sir. P. Villiers, tho war corrcs- j poudcut, who, iu an interview, had described ; the Boers as the most brutal and cruel nice on i the face of the earth. It was a matter of history that Great Britain had saved the Boers from brim? wiped out on three occa sions. A labour member: And now they want to wipe our the Boers themselves. Mr. Aram.;: said that Mr. Campbell Baunerman and other Liberal leaders were supporting the Government at the i>:esenL time. Labour members: Hot at all. Mr. ArasAB referred to the speech delivered by Mr. Chamberlain, when be declttred that Great Britain would not drop the matter until she bad paramount rights in South Africa. The speech ho declared was that of a liberal man. Mr. Dawson: A ,l rat." Mr. A ra"EAB -aid he was proud to think that rhey hadiu Queensland in»?n who would volun teer for service, and who were prepared to do their duty. He (the speaker) would be a cur aud a coward if he did not stand up to defend them against the language which had boon used toward* them by the Leader of the Opposition. That lion, member would not speak in Queen street as he had dono in the HoUNC. Mr. Dawson : I will call you a cur outside when the House adjourns. Government Members: Ok! Mr. Anxeab: I do not profess to be any more patriotic than other members, but let the lion, member do as he says and ho will find a Comishman never disgraced him self yet. (Government cheers.) He (Mr. Annear) said tho Leader of tho Oppo sition h:ui brought in the name of Lieutenant colonel Rteardo, Mr. Dawson: He has got tho gout. Mr. Arams said ho hoped that such nu efficient officer, who was a '♦ a soldier and a man," would go in command of the Queens land troops. (Applause in the lauic-fi* gallery.) The ^peazes : Order. I hear applanso in one of the galleries ; if it is continued I will have the galleries cleared. - Mr. Annsab : I hope tho worthy officer I have mentioned will gw in command. Mr. Fitzoerild made an interjection, which was not distinct. Mr. Annkab : The hon. member was also a volunteer and rendered good service, I believe, in 1891. (Laughter.) I trust ho will be true to his country on this occasion. A Government member: He 13 a- " swash buckler " Mr. Anneab said if hon. members were trne to their principles they would meet the demand for assistance that was made of them. The Otulanders in tho Transvaal numbered 77 per cent of tho white population, but they had no voice in the affairs of tho country. Mr. Dawson : Why should they unless they swear allegiance ? Mr. ANNKan-said in was for them to show sympathy with tho Britons in tho Transvaal, although they were tar away in Queensland. It was" the duty of a Briton, wherever there was a Briton in trouble, to lend a helping hand. (Hear, hear.) The motion had his hearty sympathy. If the troops left Queens land he was sure thoy would giro a good account of themselves. Mr. Dickson : Hear, hear. Mr. Anneab: And when they come back, the Leader of the Opposition will be there to welcome thrzn. Mr. Turley said Mr. Annear bad risen, and made a sp^-ech fall of loyalty, as was usual for him. He had pointed out that they should support their countrymen, whether the latter were right or wrong. The hon. member had quoted the opinions of certain members of the Hou*e of Commons who had supported the Government. Ho had quoted Mr. Campbell-Banncrznan ; as a matter of fact that member had been one of the strongest opponents of the Government policy in South Africa. Mr. Dickson: "What is your object iu de laying the motion 5 hlv. Tueley said he represented the electors of South Brisbane, who were opposed to the way that the offer to send Queensland troops to the Transvaal had been made. Mr. Annear had referred to the cruelty practised by the Boers, but ho had not told them what was dono in other places. He proceeded to criticise Mr. Die-:son's action in the matter, aud accused him of going up to tho clerk or the Speaker and getting a copy of the amendment. Mr. Dickson strictly denied this, and on Mr. Turiey's endeavouring to go on, re iterated his denial. He said Mr. Turley was making a direct misstatement. Mr. M'Donald ashed if Mr. Dickson was in order in saying Mr. Turley had made a deliberate misstatement. Toe Sr£AK£E: The point of order as I understand it is whether a statement made by another member is a deliberate misstate ment. Mr. Dickson: I ask your ruling, Mr. Speaker, as to whether the hon. member w in ord'-r in reiterating a statement after it has been specifically denied. The SritAEEE: A stateraeut 'inado by one hou. member that another has made a deliberate mhstatemcnt is not in order. Opposition members: Hear, hear, and cries of *• Withdraw." Mr. Turley . I made a statement, and though it is contradicted I still adhere to it. At this stage there was considerable dis turbance in the chamber and several members tried to take the floor at once. One or two unparliamentary expressions were used, and the Speaker's cncs of "Order" went almost un heeded. At longth the Speaker appealed to the mombers of the House to refrain from inter jections which in themselves were disorderly, and woro calculated to produce disorder. Ho e^ressed the hope that they would support the chair, and conduct the debate in an orderly manner. Mr. Tuuiirv said whilst the jingoistic spirit continued, he argued they should not be led I into anything1 of which they had no idea what ' it would coma to. But still he hoped that ! tiucmshitid would decide not to take a part in : anything except what was right and just. He referred to some quotations from the Press, amongst which were extracts from the London Truth and tie Johannesburg Scar. Mr. Bell : Bo you take your politics from the London Truth ? Mr. Lesixa : It is as good as the Loudon Times. * Mr. Turley, in regard to Sir "William Butler's resignation, contended that he had been forced to resign his position, and did nor leave it of his own acctfrd. He admitted the Boers did not treat the Outlaudcrs well, but then the Britishers wont: to the Transvaal well knowing the state of the law there. Still, it was not the Out lander* he blamed; it was the Queensland I Government ho blamed for interfering in tij dispute iu which tucy were not cimcernrd. He was cot against tho people there i who wanted reforms, but how was I Queensland concerned in the question 'r Referring to the Kdgar case he .declared thar only one version of it had been pur. before the public, and in such a way jis to give the impression that the case was one of uupro voked outrage. He then t-poke of other incidents in the Trausvanl which have been brnnghtcrar prominently iu the newspapers, aud minimised iheirsigutficaace. He also defended the dynamite monopoly. Ths opinions of men who were living in the Transvaal—the opinions of men who were not directly interested—were to bo taken as to the condi tion of affairs rather than any information given in an official bluebook. Coming to the question of sending the troops to the Trans vaal, members were tola that a iurgo number of men were offering their services. How for was that true? The published statements showed that no men had been enrolled, and that officers bad been annoyed at having their names put forth as being willing to go when they could not possibly go. The question before the House was: Were they prepared to endorse a wrong action ? They were told that if they did nor it would be repudiation. Repudiation of what? Repudiation of the action of the Premier. He contended when such an action was taken tbeythouhl carefully scrutinise the position of the Government. 'Hie Govern ment were qnite willing to repudiate on any other occasion. Were they to csfabii-h u precedent now? Hon. members would be acting rightly in supporting the amendment. Mr. Rutledge said the drift of the discus sion was in tho direction of putting the House in the position of a jury to try whether the action of the British Govern ment was justified iu sympathising with the Outlanders in thoir grievances. Mr. Dawson: The question now is whether the action of this Government is justifiable. Sir. Rtttledge said he could not agree with all that had been said, even from the Govern ment side of the House. Yet it was well known that the British Government were very slow ro take action unless there were substantial grievances. A remarkable feature of the present state of affairs, however, was the unanimity of the other Powers with Great Britain in the position taken up. It was not for them in Queensland to discos* the value of the evidence upon which the claims of the Outlanders were based; the question was whether the Premier had acted in a way that deserved condemnation, as hon. members opposite declared. (Hear, hear.) It should be remembered that when the offer of the troops was mado Parliament was not in session. Mr. Glassey said no offer should have been mado until Parliament was in session. Mr. Rutledie said when the offer was cabled home tne Governor-in-Couucil had been advised that in adopting such a course he would bo acting in accordance with the wishes of a large nnmber of the people of the colony. He ventured to say that if Parlia ment were dissolved and an appeal made to the country next day. those members who had expressed sympathy with the proposal would be returned by overwhelming majorities. Labour Members: Try it. Mr. M'Donald : You're not game. Mr. Rotledge 6aid such would be the result if the constituencies were appealed to. He was not an Englishman. Ho had been born in Australia, and had never seen England. Mr. Jekoxeon: You have missed a treat. Mr. RinxEDGE said he would _ not consider that his education was complete until he had ; seen England ; but while he had not been born 'here he gloried in the fact that there waved above bim the grand old flag that had braved for a thousand years " the battle and the breeze." (Labour laughter.) In what other country in the world was there such freedom? Where could men express themselves so freely in opposition to the Government ? Let thera look at the Premier of Cape Colony, who was acting the part of a traitor. Labour members: Shame. Shame. Mr. Rutledoe: Yes; a trait t, and who in former years would have received short shrift. Mr. Tujilit: He is a Britisher. Mr. Rctledge said they hod the fact that while Portugal as the friendly ally of Great Britain had prevented the landing of a j quantity of ammunition at Delagoa Bay, they had the Premier of Capo Colony actually allowing ammunition to be sent forward i train loads for the purpose of being used against the Englishmen. Ho had said he was not an Englishman, he also wished to state he was not a " jingo." Labour members : Oh. Mr. Rutlkd'ie said he did not favour going to war, neither did he beliovo in sending his brothers or liia cousins to the war. The I question was not •whether they should rusu into the quarrel, hut when Great Britain was committed to n great struggle like this,— (Voices: " Great struggle !**)—they should not avail thctnselve.N of the opportunity of allow ing to the world, as nothing else they could do would show the solidarity of tho British Empire. (Applause.) There was no one so infatuated as to suppose that '250 men would make any difference to tho result one way or another. Mr. Dawson: Yes, it will. Air. Hctlsdos said tins was an opportunity of showiu«r to'the world whether :hc people who lived under the British flag and spoko the British language were u divided people or not. Labour members : That is jin^oisni. Mr. JlinxEDOE said they never kuew when their own turn would come. He referred to the development of Japan as a naval Power, ana pointed ont that if Great Britain became involved in serious trouble it was pos sible that . Japan might swoop down on the raluable prize of Australia. I There were members on the Opposition side | who were as much iu sympathy with the I sending of the troops as tho Premier, but i through party loyalty they were wiling to | assbfc in trying to humiliate the Government i by defeating the proposal. If they did i humiliate the Government, Queensland would I be the one colony of the group where it had ' been done. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Dawson: As a matter of fact in 1801 our men threatened to go to war uad they got ! three years in i$t Helena. Mr. Rutledoe: Do you assert for a moment that thero is any parallel between that ease aud the state of things in the Trans 1 vaah Mr. Dawson : Yes, I do. Mr. ItuTLKDOS: Tho?o men had no cause to complain about the institutions of the couutry. Mr. Dawson : Yes, they had. Air. Hutlkdge : They only complained about their treatment by tho employers. Mr. Dawson : They got three years at any rate. (Laughter.) Mr. Kutledqe said the Boers had denied to the Outlanders the right even of holding pub'ie meetings to discuss their grievances. The Boers field the British in contempt,aud treated them to the greatest po*,«ib!o humiliations. He deprecated the language used by tho Leader of the Opposition with regard to thoso I who had volunteered for service iu the' Trausvaal. He hoped baforo tho debate terminated Mr. Dawson would see fit to in Mjtne way withdraw the expressions which ho had applied to the men who were courageous and loyal enough to volunteer. It was absurd to say that tho consent of Par liament should have been obtained, because it was perfectly well understood that parlia mentary cousent must be obtained before effect could he given to any such projeot. Mr. Lesina said he had been surprised to hear the speech of Mr. Rntledge. That gentleman was one of those who had in times gone by worn the gown of those who preached the gospel of peace. Now he appeared in the character or a Dtooaimrsty jingo. Mr. Rutledge (warmly): You have never changed. You will continue to be what you always have been—a Sydney larrikin. Opposition crie6 of "Order!" "With draw!" The SrEiKzn said the expression used by tbc Attorney-General was certainly unpar liamentary, and be would ash him to with draw it. Mr. Rutledge : I bow to your ruling, Mr. Speaker, and will withdraw the word I used. I hope, however, the hon. gentleman will con fino himself to argument, and avoid per sonalities. Mr. Lesina said, as ho had already I inferred; the Attorney-General was appearing 1 before them in a new character. Mr. Rutledge rose to a point of order. He : nsked if Mr. Lesina was iu order in indulging in such personalities. The Speaxer said he had not heard Mr. Lesina say anything which was, strictly i speaking, unparliamentary; but if the 1 language be used was of a personal character, and regarded as objectionable by Mr. Rut ledge. ho hoped ho (Mr. Lesina) would not ; persist in it. Mr. Lesina referred to the Premier as Don i Quixote Dickson, and likened Mr. Rutledge | to Sancbo Panza. These two, he said, were i undertaking to put right a lot of imaginury grievances in the Transvaal, and to teach Paul Kruger bow to govern hie country. Mr. Lesina had not spoken very long when bo resorted to quotations in an endeavour to show that the British had been equally as brutal in their treatment of negroes and black Africans as tbc Boers. He ridiculed the idea of Queensland's sending a force of 2'tO men to assist Great Britain in a war, and compared it with the famous declaration from Burbadoes: "Tell King Gc-orge not to bo afraid ; Barbadoes is firm.'* Ho commented on what he called the absurdity of Queens land's contingent being led by a man who was suffering from gout and a weak heart. Mr. Dickson thought it disgraceful that the name of a gentleman should ho bronght before the House in that manner, and asked the Speaker to give his ruling on tho matter. The Speaker said he was not in a position to rule Mr. Lesinu actually out of order, hut he was pursuing a most unusual course in making statements which wcro calculated to injure another person. Individually ho was of opinion that such references should not be made. Mr. Lesina said tho unworthy and dis graceful attack made hv a member on the other side upon a reporter in tho gallery was far worse than what ho had said about this particular* military hero. He did not seo why ho should not refer to the gentlemen specially counected with this force that was to go to South Africa. Ho mentioned another officer, whom he said would not ho permitted to go if sub jected to a medical examination. He was practically a cripple, and it was n wall known fact that this officer was laid up some times for a week with a hid back, and that ho worn steel corsets (Loud and continued ' laughter, with cric3 of "Order" from tho . chair.) Mr. Dice«on\ rising to a point of order, asked the Speaker it names of gentlemen who were not iu any way before tho Honso should b? brought out and held up in any such way as Mr. I#csina was doing. Tho i-PEAJCEn declared he had not absolute power to declare tho conduct of that gentleman improper.^ Ho could only repeat' the opinion he had given before, and express the hops that Mr. Leaina would not proceed in thai manner, Mr, Dxcreox paid the namo of the officer referred to was not in the report laid on the tublo of the House. Mr. Lemnj. said ho had his opinion just as others had. Ho was convinced that a mili tary party was beginning to assert itself in Queensland, as it had done in France, and to exercise an insidious influence, Mr. Dickson had allowed himself to be pulled into a trap by that party. Ho quoted extensively from newspapers to support his contention that if tho British, assisted by the 2-50 gentlemen from Queens land, secured by force a victory of arms, it would result in n completo destruction of the mines in iho Transvaal and the ruin of thousand* of people. He agreed with tho" Brisbane Telfgraph, which had honestly stated , that the contemplated war was really a pre text for making Great Britain tho paramount: Power in South Africa. Tho Pr>ss which was carrying on the campaign was a Jew-owned Press. They wished for the acquisition of. territory. Ho read a list of Loudon news papers of which Jews were tho proprietors and which were advocating tho war. The SrKiEEC called Mr. Lcsina to order for speaking of tho Mimstcralists as " raucous voiced hungry vultures." Mr. Leseta modified tho expression, and proceeded with his quotations in sup port of the ctiuso of the Boer., Ho protested against tho expenditure, of money for an indefinito period out of tho already depleted funds of the colony; He represented a constituency which had ono , of the most wretched water supplies in Queensland. The Government could nob atford to give Clcnnout a decent supply oL' water, and yet they could afford to spond,. such a largo sum of monoy on sending men to fight the poor Boer.4. He characterised tho statement that Victoria's rcigu had been a • peaceful ono as one of the grossest and moefc . cold-blooded lies ever uttered to givo tho reign« aftpuriou3 glory. He went on to spcalcof tho number of battles which had been fought during the Queen's reign. The Speaeeii called Mr. Lcsina to order, as the question was not tho record of wars during the reign of Queen Victoria. Mr. X/Hsr^A Kud time when men wera flushed witli wino the/were in tho habit of, referring to tho bonds which bound them to the mother country, or as tho member for Maryborough would say, " dear hold Hcng land." (Loud laughter.) What were tiio„ bonds which bound them to tho mother • country? Nothing else but debenture bond^> —bonds of paper. (Laughter and hear, hear.): He finally protested against tho Premier establishing a precedent in making an offer o£. the troops without tho sanction of Parliament.« Ho hoped that a smael: in tho faoo would bo administered to the Premier for pledging tbo sum of £30,000 to tho Imperial Government, and the lives of *250 fellow-citizens in carry ing on a war of aggression upon which the House had not formulated an opinion. Mr. Cownsr moved tho adjournment of the debate. Tho motion was carried, and the resumption was made an order of the day for Tuesday next. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17. Tho SrzAEEU read prayers and took tho chair at 3.30 p.m. X ADDRESS TO THE QUEEN. The SPEAEEB announced that he had re ceived from tbo Administrator of tho Govern ment a message notifying that bo would have much pleasure in forwarding tho. federal address to tlio Secretary of State for the Colonics, with a request that Lord Laming ton might be permitted to personally submit it to Her Majesty. EXPENDITURE ON MINING. Mr. Phibt, in reply to Mr. Jackson, said tlic total amount actually expended by the various Queensland Governments for rewards for the discovery of gold or mineral fields has been £9.730; for prospecting purposes, £20,3Sl ISs. 8d.; for deep sinking, £23,191 14s. oil.; for schools and mines or mining ; institutes, £1,067 8s. 7d. ALIENS IN THE CENTRAL MILLS. Mr. W. H. Bbowjte asked the Treasurer, —1. Is it true that 20 Japanese are employed at the Mulgrave central mill ? 2. ALso that a number of other coloured aliens uro em ployed there? 3. If 60, will he take steps to pnt an end to the employment of coloured aliens in central mills as. promised by Sir Thomas MTlwrnith in 1893 ? Mr. Phild replied: 1. No. 2. Six Malays and six Japanese aro employed as cano oar- . ricra; nix Malaya clean out triple cfieta. • 3\. The employment of coloured aliens in tho sugar mills is discouraged by every means in the power of tho Government. Mr. Glasset: Yes, but unfortuuatcly tha discouragement in every easo does not eccm V enough. P* OLD ENGLISH ACTS. Mr. Lesd»a asked the Attornoy-General,-^' 1\. Will he ascertain whether tho Acts of 43 Elizabeth, chapters 2, 3; Charles I»»;* . chapters 4,14; Charles II., chapter 12; and* 12 Aunc, chapter 18. aro in force in the. colony of Queensland? 2. Is ho awaro that) thf&o; Acts empower local authorities to start* manufactories, and to acquire land in tho' .Interests of the employed, and open stores for ,iho sale of the manufactured articles and the produce of the farms, also in the interests of tho unemployed ? Mr. Ruileboi: replied that Mr. Lcsiua had not sufficiently identified tho Acts of the reigns of Charles I. and Charles IX. to enable him {Mr. Itutledge) to answer tho question .with respect to them. The Aots of the reigns of Elizabeth and Anno were not in force in Queensland. Ho was nwaro that so many of the Acts specified as he could identify aid deal with matters mentioned in the question. WANT OF CONFIDENCE MOTION. The debate upon the want of confidence motion was resumed. Mr. Cowluy said ho considered the Leader of tho Opposition had adopted a most un usual course in doing as ho had done. If he objected to the seuding of a contingent to the Transvaal, Mr. Dawson should have raised the point when the speech on the address-in-repiy was being debated. Mr. M\Doxald : The Premier knows why that was not done. Mr. Cowley said perhaps Mr. M'Donald was referring to a treaty which was alleged to have been entered into by tin; Premier with tho members on the Opposition side of tho House, but which the Premier denied having entered into. [Hear, heir.) The Govern ment had not adopted an unconstitutional or unusual course in making the offer of a con tingent. In times past Governments had taken action on their own responsibility, which involved tho expenditure of money without the .^lightest demur having becuinade. ; Mr. Duxsfoud: It shows we have been; drifting. I Mr. Cowley said if this was an uncoa- I etitutional action the Opposition were just as ; much to blamo as the Government for not I objecting sooner. I Mr. Kylaxds : Two wrongs do not make a I right. v I Mr. Stethexson* : Circumstances alter cases.1 Mr. Cowley said ho thought the Govern-; ment were to bo congratulated for the action ! they had taken in doing what had been taken i as an example by the other colonies. j Mi'.Dawsos: By New donth Wales? Mr. Cowley said the attack made upon the Government had not b:cn made ou constitu tional grounds. He eouUl not understand how any of the members on th< Opposition sido after enjoying such 'freedom and such privileges as were extended to all in Queens land should sympathise with the oppressors of tho Outlaudcrs. Any alien coming to! Queensland could become naturalised without I a siuglc day's delay. * I Opposition members: No. They must be; here six months. Mr. Cowley said he had be:n assured by a legal member of tho Assembly that what he had said was correct. Mr. Givejis : He was pulling your leg. Mr. Cowley said the Boers of the Trans vaal and the Orange Free State had a very strong prejudice against the English. They did not so much object to the Scotch, because they . regarded the Scotch as a conquered people who woald have more sympathy with them. They did not object to Russians or people from the other continental countries because„thcy considered them as likely to be the natnvtil enemies of the English. Mr. Kecgh : What about n»y countrymen ? (Laughter.) Mr. Cgwlkt said he had no denht the Irishmen would be treated well, because thov would be more likely to accom modate themselves to the conditions under which the Boers lived. There was no doubt that throughout the Transvaal there was u burning and intense hatred against tho Brirish nice. It was uot the question of the Outlaadcrs that was the cause, it was not the franchise, but the ques tion of British .supremacy in South Africa. Mr. Dawson- : In the Transvaal. Mr Cowley said that tinder the British rule the natives had flourished, hut now the Bod's were anxious to s20 that rule over thrown. Sir. G. Tiiohn: Have they got the franchise? • Mr. Cowley : Many of them have. The question was one of much greater import than the Leader of the Opposition would make it appear. It was not a case of the puny Boer having to contend against all tho forces of Great Britain. If tho Dutch became the paramount power in South Africa it would mean that the natives woald be treated in the same,manner as they had been bct'oro tho British interfered—in tho mcst diabolical maimer possible. As a result, there would be nothing but strife aud lunnoil, and eventually some greater power would have to interfere. So far as the Orange Free State was 0011007110(7, if they were fighting rightly they would boon the side of the British. Mr. W. Tirosx: They have their own interests to look after. Mr. Cowley said he knew that many of tho Free Staters were on the side of the British. Mr. Stewart : How do yon know ? Mr. Cowley said he had friends thc-rc who forwarded him the newspapers weekly, and he thought he was competent to form an opinion. Those Free Staters who were fighting against the British were merely doing so in the hope tint British rule in South Africa wonid he overthrown. Coming to the question before the House he must congratulate the Government on tho stand they had taken. "\Wn they came to think of the position of affairs in Cape Colony at the present time it would do a great deal to show that Great Britain and her colonics would not be trifled witli. When the history of the trouble came to be written, he believed it would be found that the action of the other colonics had more to do with Mr. Selireincr and Mr. Hofraeyr hacking down from the position they had taken up than anything else. Also ho did uot wish to prophesy, but ho believed they would And that the Boers were being encouraged to go on with the straggle by the promises of men who had received the utmost consideration from the British Government. Sir. Lesh.'a: A political prophet i9 very often a dead loss. Mr. Cowley ashed if they were unwise in assisting their fellow colonists in distress. He was suro the motion before the Honse; would receive the hnpport of every loyal and ; patriotic member. He did not "think any member on the opposite side of the House j would stand up and repeat the words applied i by the Leader of the Opposition to the meu I who volunteered to go—cowards, cum, or I swashbucklers. ' Mr. Keiui : You do not know what they will sav. Mr. "JmrEcrsos; The statements have been repudiated by some members ou this side of the House. Mr. Cowley : No one would repeat the: statements mode by the hon. member who posed as leader of the opposition party. Mr. Keue : Ho does not pose as the leader, he is the leader. Mr. Leseli: Would that justify the cutting of Boer throats? Mr. Cowley said he regretted the necessity for sending the troops. Mr. SxEWAitr: No, you do not. Mr.* Cowley: But whose fault is it ? Mr. Lesi>*a : Dickson's. Mr. Cowley : No power on earth has been as liberal in its treatment as Great Britain has been with regard to the Boers in South Africa. Mr. Stewaet: Nonsense. Mr. Cowley said if the Boers had been dealing with the German or Russian Govern ment they would have been wined out long ago. (Hoar, hear.) He knew of . some who had " trekked" into Germau territory, and they were very glad to leave again. The British Government-had not sent any troops until it became clear that the Dutch wore only awaiting n favourable opportunity to commence hostilities. Mr. Stewat.t : They desired arbitration. Mr. Cowley : The British Government were willing to arbitrate on all but one point. Mr. M\Do:.\ild: What was that? Mr. Cowley : The question of suzerainty. Everyone admitted they could not givo way on that. lie would like to say n few words ;ls ro whether the Boers, were fit to govern ihe Tnmvanl or any other portion. He could say that they wero not fit to govern a savage, let alone n civilised com inunitv. They had never striven to lift t£e natives into a bitter position. To all intents and purposes the savages who camo under the rule of the Boers were slaves. The British, on the other hand, hud treated the natives kindly, and hud not interfered with their rights so long as they did not molest British subjects. He maintained that the crisis had arrived for tho British to interfere; otherwise they would loso their power in South Africa. He referred to the law in the Transvaal by which overy man, no matter what country he belonged to, was liable to bo called upon to take up arms, perhaps against his own conntrvmcn. Mr. Iudston: lhcry man iu tiueeasland is liable to tiie same. Air, Baluyiiple : Ko: every British subject. Air. CovvLufc read extracts from a Cape newspaper to support bis assertions. The Outiaruiers were iu a majority, aud in every respect tbey were superior to tho Boers. And there was not the slightest doubt that if the British Government nid not settle the matter the Outlanders would do it themselves. Mr. Lescja : Jameson tried it. Mr. Cowley : Yes, Jameson tried ir, but the people were • not with him. His was a filibunerihg expedition, and there was no justification for it. Though many brave lives would be sacrificed—tor there were many brave men among the Boers—and thongh many people would suifer, he believed that the question had gone so far and the Boer was dominated by pride and arroganco to such an extent that nothing but the sword would settle it, and the sooner it was settled the better. Ho trusted that members opposito would rise to the occasion, and thut tbey would see that, instead of the Government having done anything of which they needed to bo ashamed, the action of the Government was worthy of support. If they went to the country on the question they would find that the people ware in favour of the action of the Government. Ministerial members: Hear, hear. Mr. Kidstox said that the debate had bc-e; an extraordinary o:iq in this respect—thai though the Government had been challenged to justify the action of offering troops with out the sanction of Parliament, the Govern ment supporters had avoided the real question as they would avoid the business cud of ; W.TW). Mr. Muuray: What is the issue? Mr. Bawson : The unconstitutional action ; of the Government. (Hear, hear.) Mr. ICrosrox: Hero is a member of the Government, who, though the debate has : gone on for two or three days, asks me what is the issue. fLou-l laughter.) And helms : the audacity to say that the Boers are in capable of governing their own country. Mr. Dalhtxtle : It is all because of your talk. Air. Kidston" said tho question at i not whether troops should or should not be sent to the Tr.iusvaal. Another time would come to discuas that question. Mr. Balbyoiple: That is all right; now, what is the question? Mr. Kidston* : Here is another Minister of tho Crown asking mo* what is the question before the House. "Why does ho not ask the Speaker? Mr. Mtjbbit and others interjected. The Speakek : Order, order. Mr. Kidston denied the right of the Govcrnmnut to make the arrangement which they had made without having first consulted ! Parliament. i Mr. Muejut : We are consulting Parlia ment now. Mr. Kxdstox said that if Mr. Murray would look at tlie business paper be would see tbat that was the question. * Mr. Bbowke : They want us to approve of their action. Mr. Kidston1 said in order to excuse him self the Premier resorted to the poor subter fuge of saying that he was not offering Queensland troops, bnt was offering tbe services of volunteers. How could the Premier offer what he did not possess? and he need hardly point out that on July 10 there were no volunteers. It was a mere evasion of the defence laws of the colony to eay that tho men were volunteers. It was altogether at variance with the spirit under which the members of the Defence Force had enlisted to send them as soldiers to fight in other countries. Tho best of ihe rncD in the Defence Force joined because they considered it their duty to fit themselves for. the defence of their country. In acting as they were doing, the Government were simply trying to get in the thin wedge of Imperial ism. (Hear, hear.) Was it to be taken for grouted that whenever Great Britain became engaged iu war each of the colonies was to send a contingent? And if a future Premier of Queensland did not propose to send a con tingent to help Great Britain in the event of war, would such neglect be regarded as a censure upon the Imperial authorities ? Mr. Lesixa: No, it would mean that the Premier did not want a title. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Ejd3T02* objected to Queen-land being committed to so great an expenditure without Parliament being consulted. Mr. Stewart: And by u man who is humrerinir for a title. Mr. Krarroir e-iid it had been urged tbat the colony was committed to tbe sending of a contingent. Mr. Bell: Hear, hear. Mr. Dawsos: Before we were consulted. Mr. Ivmsrow: The hon. member for Dolby was in the position that lie had the high and lofty privilege of saying " Yes" to the proposals of the Government; but he must not say "No." (Laughter.) That was just the position Parliament was iu over the matter. Mr. Forrest had contended that tho Govern ment having pledged the country to sending the contingent it was too late for Parliament to go back on that pledge. The Attorney General also expressed that view, and it was also held by Mr. Bell, if his interjection were to be believed. If it was true that the Pre mier had power to pledge the country to any such expenditure, und Parliament had no power to call his actiou into question, then he contended that what tho Premier had done was the most deadly offence an officer of the country could commit. Mr. Stewart : Treason. Mr. Ktpston' pointed out that in accepting the offer of troops, tho Secretary of State for the Colonies bad expressed the hope that the necessity would not arise. That was sufficient proof that there was no absolute necessity for the offer to bo made at that time. The offer was made on July 10. and as was well known the House met on September 12. Mr. Dalhtzitre : And von said nothing aboutifc. Mr. Kidston said wliethcr the Opposition made a mistake in policy or not wa- not the question. It might ba all very well to say : Why did not j*ou move this at some other lime? The fact remained that the vote of censure had been moved now. Mr. Dalhyhtls : Tou absolutely approved of the Government's action in passing the address in reply. Mr. Kidston said in all the other colonies the Parliament had been consulted before a definite offer of troops was made. Ifc was plainly appareufc that Queensland alone out of all tho colonics was under a dictatorship. (Hear, Hear.) She alone had a Parliament so utterly spineless that tho Government could Jo what they liked and absolutely rely upon tho fact that their action would bo upheld. Ho failed to see liow Great Britain was in danger when the offer wa? made. Mr. Dawson : Paul Krngcr blew his nose violently, and shook tho empire. Mr. Lesina : They knew then that Queens land was solul. (Laughter.) Mr. Kidstox : Tho Premier never claimed that the case was an urgent one. Mr. Dickson : Ob, yes I havo. Mr. Kidston said that no one had shown that the ease was urgent. Mr. Rutledse : War was expected erery minute. Mr. Kidston referred to a statement by Mr. Dicksou that if the troops were no: offered before Parliament met the "emer gency might have passed away." Mr. Dickson : Docs not that show I con sidered it urgent. Mr. Kidston : Ifc shows that he was con sumed by a burning desire to show his loyalty. Ho was -Crawling to Mr. Chamber lain. Thcro was no necessity in the circum stances of the case tor the Premier to jump at Mich an opportunity. He deprecated that a man should be so tin-pot in his soul as to do these things for the sake of getting a bit of ribbon or some trumpery title. It was such an action as almost forced anyouo to believe that there was a motive behind the action. Mr. Bsowne: Gratitude for favours to come. Mr. Kidston said that the Premier had I said that it would be a ** splendid school for ; ihe troops." This Christian gentleman wished to send armed men out of Queensland to make war upon a neighbouring country, and in order that they might learn their trade. Did any public man in modern times ever make use of such an ex pression, or make such an excuso for making war upon a State? Mr.GiYENS: Quitocold-bloodcd. (Hear,hear.) Mr. Kidston : I can understand a savage like a Zulu chief doing such a thing; but 1 cannot understand any man—I will not say a Christian—hi the last year of the 19 tli cen tury publicly standing up and unblushingly giving us the reason that he wanted his soldiers to learn their trade,. . . Mr. Stewiht: Shame. Mr. Kidstox : It is an infamous reason. I say it in oil earnestness. The man who is capable of cold-bloodedly avowing 6uch a reason deserves not stars for liis breast, but stripes for his back. Opposition members: Hear. hear. Mr. Dicesox : You do not want thft troops to go. Mr. Kisstox said another time would come to disco.** that. He protested agMast Parlia ment being made a cats paw. Mr. Bell severely criticised Mr. Kidslcn for following the practice of tome politicians who were actuated by the principle that it they threw enough tnnd some of it would stick. He accused Mr. Dawson of having an eye on the front .spat opposite when he drew up his amend ment. He welcomed the action of the Pre mier as some attempt to stem a ten dency which he regretted to say existed. He took exception to the words in the amend ment, "Indefinite and practically unlimited expenditure." Probably never in the history of th- world would a number of troops be despatched at so small au expenditure to the colony as the proposed Queensland contin gent. The terms offered by the Imperial Government were most liberal. As soon as I the men arrived at their destination in South | Africa, the whole expense would be borne by j the Imperial Government, i Mr. Maxwell : You ore wrong. Mr. Bell said he was savin? what was correct. Never before had such liberal terms been offered in the equipment of troops as were offered to the Queensland troops. The British Government could not , be charged with undue aggression in South Africa, as on three, occasions they had re - 1 {rained from adopting a policy which would ; have at once pat an cud to the South African question. They hod desired to allow those communities which were not British to work out their destinies so far as they could. It had been stated that the Boers won their in dependence in battle. Such a statement was u travesty on history. They owed their inde pendence to the magnanimity of Mr. Gladstone. It was duo to his extraordinary personality as head of the Imperial Government thatpeace was restored after Majuha HiU, otherwise the Boers would have been wiped out of exigence by the fcree3 led by Sir Evelyn Wood. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Chamberlain's remarks which had been made in ISS1 strengthened the position which the British Government had now taken up. Mr. Chamberlain had then stated that the fairest thing to do was to give the Boers their independence, hut now after 13 years he found that such a policy was a mistake. . Mr. Fxsheb: Is that the position you tike up, that yon wish to take away their inde pendence. Mr. Bell : I know what position I take up, bat I do r.ot know what position the BritL-h Government wiil take up. I think it is time they put an end to such an inde- : pendence as thatclaimed by the Boers. J Mr. I-ishee : Wo have go: it now. Mr. litxl said Mr. Campbell-Bannering, had boon quoted as opposiug the policy of tne Brirl-h Government in South Africa. Ke would read a quotation to show the position that gentleman had taken tip. He might say that there was no question upon which there had ever been such unanimity shown anion* political leaders as there had been upon the position of the British subjects in the Trans vaal. There were :10,0 )Q men who had not got a vote amongst them. Mr. M'Doxald: There arc 4C,000 men in Queensland. Mr. Sees : And white msn too. Mr. Bell said in order to show that the interference on the part of the British was not unwarrantable he would read some extracts from the convention of ^ISSf. These showed how tardy, mueh too tardy in his opinion, the British Government were'to interfere, and it was chiefly because oftreaty rights. The Boers had repudiated over and over again, and they refused to recognise, Great Britain's suzerainty. Mr. Dawsou: Don't yon thiuk tho word suzerainty is badly chosen. Mr. Bell : I think it is really an admir able selection. Mr. Dawson- : The London Times considers it is badly chosen. Mr. Bell: I would like to read the whole | article where it says so. Continuing ho said : he was euro that if the Queensland troops i were sent away they would give a good : account of themselves. He referred to the fact j i that Lieutenant Gordon, of Townsviiie. had j | volunteered for service with the British army j in India, and had gained marked rii-tinctiou. 3tr. Kidston had left behiuu him a record as a member of the Defence Force which, if thero wore many members like him, would have the effect of making the force utterly useless. Tho display of active interest on the part of British dependencies in British affairs was one of the healthiest signs of tho world's growth thus century. He thought, considering ' that we owed our very existence to the British, ! we ought to have the conituon manliness to i render back in kind a little aid. and send our j troops to take pare in British military opera tions. The member for Croydon had made use of the word jingoism." Mr. Browse: I never used the word •'jingoism." (Laughter.) Mr. Bell: Well, if ho did not u^c it on this occasion, he will admit that he has made use of tho expression. He (Mr. Bell) saw nothing opprobrious in the term, and he gave n lengthy account of the origin of the term. The member for Croydon had alluded to Ire land, perhaps thinking it was a good political move to poso as a champion of Ireland. He (Mr. Bell) was more of an Irishman than Mr. Browne—(Hear, hear)—and his sympathy was a good deal more disinterested than that of the member for Clermont. There wns no analogy between the situation in Ire land and the situation in the Transvaal. Whereas the Outlaudcrs had not a single representative in tho Parliament, the Irish people had an infinitely greater proportion of representatives in tho British House of Com mons than England, Scotland, or Wales. He would voto against the amendment, which was abont as jumbling a performance on the part of the leader of a party as Queensland had ever seen. But that was not the only reason for his stand ; he was" against the principle of the amendment, and he trusted that the colony would not perform the humiliating act of pa?»sin^tbe proposition. Ministerial members: Hear, hear. Mr. Story rose to speak. Mr. Dawsox: This is a long story. (Laughter.) Mr. Sxoar approved most heartily and thorough:y of the action of the Premier. It showed that he was worthy of the position ha held. He had followed the advice so often given by the Opposition members, and had j trusted the people. (Opposition ironical laughter.) The Premier had not only trusted the people, hilt he bad-trusted the Parliament and the Defence Force. Mr. Dicssox : Hear, hear. Mr. Stosy said that the Premier's action had been a irreat risk for a single man to take. Mr. Fishes : I thought he was a married man. (Laughter.) I Mr. Stosy understood that a number of men had volunteered who wero not lit to go. (Prolonged Opposition laughter.) They were so anxious to show their loyalty, al though not physically lie. Ho defended tho drapers against the member for Clermont, and said that a number of them were of sufficient stature to remonstrate with Mr. Lesina in such a way as would be very con vincing to him, and would prove to his satisfaction that they were not narrow chested or wanting in pluck. Mr. Browne had suggested that it would bo better tovotc this £3'J,000 estimated for the cost of a contingent from Queensland as a grant towards the expenses of tho war. But it was not a question of money, it was the opportunity of showing the world that the empire was united on matters aifecting any part of it. Mr. Story continued to speak In a highly patriotic manner of the relations beween Engimd and the British colonies, and condemned the Opposition for making the question of showing loyalty to the British Government 9, party matter. He regretted that any amend ment had been made to Mr. Dickson's morion, and advised the Premier to accept no amend*, meat of any kind, because if he followed that course it would be the best thing possible for the Government to stand or fall in try ing to pass such a motion. In conclu sion he said it was his intention to vote for the motion, and he entered his protest against any amendment to it being accepted. Mr. M'Do2?au> said be had listened very . patiently and carefully to the speeches made ! by Mr. Cowley and Mr. Bell. The | latter made a very good speech—that j was according to his own standard. 1 (Laughter.) He had expected to hear more about the legal a<p.'c£ of the business from ^gmo of the gentlemen opposite, consider ing tholr training i:i lego! matters lap the whole tenor of the speeches that after noon was purely as to whether the war was a jurt or unjust one. (Cries of dissent from Government cross-benches.) He contended that the Goremmc-nt had not g;rea them anything bat just a rough estimate of the cos: of a Queensland contingent, and com pared with it the question of the Naval Tribute Bill, in the p:is>:ng of which he said Sir Samuel Griffith had had to swallow every principle he had possessed, before. There was no telling, ha contended, how far these attempts at acting without tho sanction o: Parliament would be carried. Ho proceeded to cite other instances of Govern ments acting without parliamentary sanction, and what had befallen those who had tried it. Amongst these he mentioned that Sir Charles Lillcy had been defeated on a uo-eoufidencc motion for attempting exactly the same thing as Mr. Dickson was attempt ing now. No hon. member on the other side of the House had shown them that the action was constitutional. The Attorney-General had laid down the doctrino that if Parliament did not approve of the action of the Govern ment and war was declared they could stop supplies. "Was anything more stupid? Air. Dalbyxple: He did not say so. Air. Butledjs : Parliament couH turn tho Government our, but the next Government that w;is elected would have to carry en the war. Air. ATT/QKaxn said it was absurd that they should change the Government in ths midst of a war. Air. Glassst : Change horses while crossing the stream. Air. APDosaxd said there was no indica tion in the wording of the communication sent to Air. Chamberlain that Parliament would be asked to vote a sum of money to send the troops to tho Transvaal. Another point was that the Government proposed to send volunteers, although it was at first uesircd to send members of the Defence Force. The Government found that they could not legally send the members of the Defence Force, and it was questionable if members of the Defence Force did go whether they would not haw to resign their positions. If the Government haabecn sincere in the matter they would I have amended the Defence Force Act first. The only pica of urgency put forth by the Premier | was that he wanted to get in before the other J colonies. A few weeks before the Premier (had spoken of federation, but ho aid not ! show much of that spirit so far as regarding the getting of a federal eontin | sent to go. In hi8 opinion tho • Premier was simply anxious to secure that title he was looking for so longingly. (Hear, hear.) He agreed with' the remarks made by AH. Forrest that the colony was bound by tho agreement made by the Premier. Not one member on the Government side of the House had been ablo to show that the action of the Government ^*as constitutional, una he hoped that when the vote came to be taken that the House would recognise that the question was not as to the sanding of the troops but as to tbe action of tho Government in offering troops to the Imperial Government without the sanction of Parliament. (Hear, Lear.) Mr. DAiT.virrLE said if the action of the Government required any particular justifica tion it seemed to him that the action of the Government of each of the colonies re quired justification. Ho did not expect that non. members opposito would ever approve of anything the Government did. There was nothing peouliar about the action the government had taken, but those on the other side of the Honso opposed it hoping thoy would gain public approval. Thoy ap proached the matter by a sort of sido wind, pnd for that purpose nn amendment had been moved. Ho ventured to say that if ho read it outside of the House ho would call it rubbish. It was a mo.*t I'pnxed up aud tangled thing, a practical exemplification of the 44 yes-no" policy which hon. members opposite pursued, but which they would not follow without hia marking time. Hon. members opposite de clared that the Government were not suffer ing from any particular jnievances, and that tho actions of the British Government was . not justifiable. Mr. M'Donald : Cannot yon bring Paraguay somewhere ? Another labour member: Or the French revolution ? Mr. Daiethfle said they held that under no circumstances was this colony ^participate in tho federal action of sending the troops to the Transvaal. They had really no objection except that tbey refused to have anything to do with any other part of the world than Queensland. They would have very little to do with federated Australia, and still less to do with that Imperial federation which gave tho colonies strength and security. (Hear, Lear.) They saw everything from a micro scopical point-of view. The great object desired was to knock the Government out. : Labour members: Hear, bear. ■ Mr. Dalbtkfis said they made this their pretext. He would like to quote—— Mr. Dawson : I would like to have a drink. Quote Paul Eruger and the 24th Pcahn. (Laughter.) ► Mr. Dalbtitfle said he wished to place before the House what the other colonics had done. • 3!r. Dawson* : In a different way. i Mr. Daietmtie : In but a slightly different way. \- Str. Stout : Very slightly different. Mr. Daebtjitls : Thero may have been a' mere technical difference, but that is all. He zvad one of tho first despatches scut about the troops. mr. Dawson: wnacoare. ' Mr. Daleyhtle : "What does it matter about the date. The fcnn. member is in quiring from his microscopical point of view. .The Premier?, of the other colonies had alxr ► committed the different Parliaments to expen diture before consulting the House. The offer of the troops tra the part of tho Premier could not possibly mean anything else than that the offer was made subject to the sanc tion of Parliament. As soon as Parliament had assembled the fact was stated in the Governor's speech that the offer had been made and accepted, and the address-in-rcply had been passed. • Mr. Maceosald-Pateoson: Tho address in-reply went by like a shock. Mr. Daxbyhple; Well that means that hoh. members opposite ; Mr. Mace on~ald-Patctson: On both sides. ' Mr. DATJiTaptE: Well on this side too, that members were either singularly blind or that they deliberately neglected their duty. Mr. Macdonaid-Patecson made an indis tinct interjection. Mr. Dalrtuple : Oh, the hon. member was absent on that occasion, as he fre quently is. (Loud and prolonged laughter.) The House had full control over the expendi ture, which was ju?t as much at the control or command of the House at the present j jnomentasithad been within the determination of the other Parliaments of Australia. He contended therefore that tho action of the Premier was not unconstitutional. He thought it possible that members of the labour party might discover before long that it was not prudent—to say tho least of it, it was not a method of gaining votes—to allow a too candid expression of their opinions; ! and that the public who were their j musters, and whose servants they were, would not sympathise with them when they said that members of the Defence lforcc were cowards because they perhaps felt a little more patriotic than others, were ready to leave their country, their wives, and their friend?, to hold out their bunds to men whom they believed to be oppressed in South Africa, and i who were their fcilow subjects. The epiibct* which had been used would recoil ou those .who had made use of them. Tho public would recognise deeds of nobility and honour when deeds of nobility and honour were done. Hot only had the Leader of the Opposition called theso men by the most opprobrious epithets Mr. Dawson : I take the full responsibility of what I said. A number of interjections were made, and Mr. Dalstxple remon&trated; with those who interrupted him. He would not say Mr. . Dawson was a cur; he believed he was a courageous man. He concluded, therefore, that lie would abide by his words, and would accept the responsibility of bis opinions. He regretted that be was compelled to refer to him in any termB of censure. Mr. Dawson : Oh, it does not matter. Say what you like. i Mr. Daletio'le said that when the Leader J of the Opposition expressed himself in extraor dinaiy languago it was a legitimate thing for j Iiim to call attention to it. Mr. Dawson had referred to tbo troops as curs and coward?. Mr. D.vwsox: You aro culirely wrong there. Quote " Hansard." Mr. Cjutaway : Is that the revised "Hansard" ? Mr. Dawson: No, it is not. I have not Been the proofs. Mr. Kidston : Has the Government no defence of itself that you have to attack the Leader of the Opposition P Mr. DAiXYitTLK: If the Leader of the Opposition is not prepared to be attacked, then let him not attack better men than him self, and men who aro not in a position to defend themselves. Ministerial members: Hear, hear. Mr. Jbxeixsox : What about tbo Courier reporter r A Ministerial member: What about the TtUgraph reporter ? Mr. D&LKYHPtE; affirmed that the words he had quoted were tho veiy words used by Mr. Dawson. Mr. Dawson : Do not get angry. Mr. Dalhy2£PLE said that ho would now refer to another Opposition member, a mem ber of oduo:ition and ability. Mr. Dawson : Why do you not quote my words? You made a statemcut about Read " Hansard." The Press reports aro not quite correct. Mr. Stemiexsox : You know the words are there. Mr. Dalbtx?£E said he would quote the words exactly. Having alluded to a state ment made by Mr. Jackson, he quoted the words as reported in "Hansard." He main tained that tho sending of tho troops had a good deal to do with the defence of Queens sand, and it whs only by making the strength of the British nation respected .that the empiro could be maintained. The present quarrel in tho Transvaal was the colonies' ; trouble as well ns tho trouble of the old couutry. He had pointed our why Queens land should take part in the trouble. Mr. Kmsrox: That is not the question. Mr. Dalutupls (indignantly): Not the question! Did tbo hon. member think the twopenny half-penny amendment which was before the House was worth considering beside tho great question which was involved. It was tho duty of the colonics to fall in line with the mother country and not " blackleg " on tho Empire. (Hear, hear.) The Imperial authorities have been patient and long-suffer ing, but now that they had been forced to make a* stand, their attitude was such as would meet with the support of all reasonable and patriotic people. Members on the other side of the House had laid themselves out to defend the Boers, and to make out they wore a harmless and an ill-used people. The Boers would not have been in existence to-day had it not been for Great Brita and thoy were replying what they owed by oppressing the Britishers in tho Transvaal. It had been argued by JU.r. Browne tftat there was no necessity for Queensland to send a I contingent. He (Six. Dalrymple) contended that there was a necessity. Sir. Browno "further said it was without precedent. As regards that he (Sir. Dabymplc) thought it would be an admirable precedent to establish, and one which, if followed, would secure the supremacy of the British race. • Air. Bsowkc: It will mean the disunion of the empire. Mr. Dalbtxple said if the alliance of the English-speaking people could be depended upon they might feel that tho empire was secure. 2klr. Dawson' : Do you think the empire is in danger? Air. DA1TBHTI.E said he thought it was in danger if it was not made clear that it was perfectly united. The offering of the colonial contingents had not arisen from any dire necessity, hut the* colonial troops, however, small * iu number, represented the colonics and their immense potentialities. Whether they considered it from a constitu tional poiut of view or whether they did not, it would be a lasting disgrace to Queensland if they did not tako the same part as the other colonics of the empire in assisting in helping their fellow British subjects in South j Africa to get relieved from an intolerable; tyrauny. This action on the part of Queensland was not only the best method of strengthening Queensland itself, drawing tighter the bonds of federation in Australia and in tho whole British Empire, but would do its little mite towards bringing about that great dream of the future—the federation of the world. Air. Grvcifs observed that Air. Dalryraplo had said that he had spent part of his time compounding quack medicines for suffering humanity, and it appeared pretty certain that he had spent tho other part of it in com pounding quack political nostrums for suffer ing colonies. (Laughter.) Air. Dalbyhplb : They would bo very beneficial in both cases. Ale. Qivehs declared that the question at issue had nothing to do with the justice or injustice of the war in the Transvaal—it was whether Queensland should be committed to an unlimited expenditure for a matter in which Parliament wag not consulted. He defied tbe Government to show any good reason whatever why they should take upon themselves the position, or dictators and despots, and to come along to Parliament and say, "The honour of the country is at stake if you don't endorse this action wc have taken.'* He denied also that Mr. Dickson, when ho made the offer on July 10, had received the offer of a singlo volunteer to go to tho Transvaal, and he challenged the members of tho Government to produce one tittle of proof that they had any such offers from volunteers at that time. Mr. Dalbyhple : What nonsense! Mr. Givkxs contended that it was not till over two months afterwards (September 27) that tho word " volunteer1' had been men tioned in connection with the offer. If the Government were so sure of the matter of the contingent being non-contentious, and that they had the country at their back in taking this step, why did they not bnngr it before the House directly it met on September 12 ? It was distinctly illegal and unconstitu tional, and Mr. Dickson knew it. He was very much inclined to ihiuk thatbeforohc was very ranch older that gentleman would have reason to regret what ho had done. That House had a perfect right to refuse to endorse his action. 3fr. Moth-ay: Do so. Mr. Givexs wondered what tho Govern ment would think if the House really did refuse. They had no guarantee about the amount that would be actually expended, or even that it would really be expended on the contingent. They had therefore every reason to require that tho matter should he fairly looked into before they truckled to this military despotism. Nor had Mr. Dickson any right to st-nd away troops enrolled for tbedefenoo of the colony to go out on a war of aggression. He was prepared to battle to the utmost of his power to maintain the liberties ana privileges of Parliament against unconstitutional conduct on the part of the Government. On the raotiou of Mr. MaceEvTOSii, the debate wax adjourned till to-day. In moving the adjournment of tho House, Mr. Djcesox tcok occasion to express the hope that the debate would bo brought to a conclusion at the next sitting. 