ANTI-CONVENTION WORK. 7/7 Great Meeting in the Yallaj. Important Speeches. Mr. Theodore Unmack on the Financial Aspect. Mr. W. H. Groom, M.L.A., on the Agricultural Aspect. Letter from Hon. A. C. Gregory, M.L.C. A public meeting was held in the Foresters Hall, Brunswick street, Fortitude Valley, last night, under the 'auspicea of tho Anti- Conventiou Bill League. The, hull was com pletely filled, and many had to stand through- out the proceedings. Several ladies were preseut. His worship. theMuyor of Briabano (Aid. Seal) presided, and ho was supported by the Hon. John M 'Master, M.L.C.j Mr. W. H. Groom, M.L.A.,/Mr. D. T. Keogh, M.L.A., Mr. J. D. Campbell, M.L.A., Messrs. T. . Unmack, 'N./Sapsford, G. Grimes, J. Young, Crase, / H. Quran, J/ J. Kingsbury, R. G. Petty, P. Showdown, H. Burton, H. V. Hewitt, A; Hertzberg, "W. Ruddle, Aid. Proe, Aid. M4Nab, and Dr. J. Thorasou. Tho audience listened moat attentively to Mr. Groom and Mr. Unhraok, and very few loft before tho closo of tho meeting. Tho Chairman said : At tho request of the Anti-Convention Bill League I have, taken tho chair here this oveniug. I may say thero is a big question before the electors, and that is federation. VDuring the last fortuight we havo heard a good deal of federation and anti- fedoratiou, and I think, considering that you will bo called/ upon shortly to give a vote on this important question, that wo cannot hear too much of it. However, I am not hero to make a speech, but simply to tnko the elmir. . I will ask you to give the various speakers a fair and impartial hearing. (Applause.) ' MR. GROOM'S. SPEECH. Mr.' W. H. Groom. M.L.A., who was re ceived with loud applause, said : I have been asked to address a meeting this evening on tho question of fedenitiou — how it will affect tho particular portion of tho colony which I have tho honour to represent in Parliament, mid liow, indirectly, it will affect the whole colony in common with those on the Darling Downs. And I readily accede to that request. Mr. Keogh : ldfcar. hear. Mr. Groom : Because, Mr. Mayor, £ hold this opinion — that tho people of Qupoud.md us a whole will be -culled upon to pronounco judgment on as great and as momentous a question as they havo over been called upon to record their votes ; and iu order thut they may be able to do that as intelligently as possible, uud not commit any error that will afterwards be regretted, I think it is of. the highest importance that the question should be put before the peoplo in both aspects, so that they may vote as intelligently j as possible. I have the honour of speaking to you ro-uighfc after 40 years' experience in public life, and I think I can claim tho privi lege of addressing a Queensland audience on a question as a public man. " (Hear, hear.) I was here in 18d8 and 1859, when tho great battle of separation was i'onght. I was here when tho first Governor arrived and summoned. Parliament. I saw the re- -joicings of the , whole community consequent upon their having obtained political, freedom and upon having secured their birthright. (Applause.) 1 was hero when tho Parliament of Queensland, decided to set apart December 10 as a day of rejoicing all over the colony, because it was the dale upon which the people of Queensland scoured their political freedom. (Applause.) Having tho freedom attained, I havo always endeavoured, in iny humble way, to develop tho great and grand resources of Queensland, and to make Queensland what it is to-day. (Applause.) I contend when we arc asked to sell our birthright and to part with these privileges, thut I havo the right to como here and say, 44 Are you going to do the right thing or the wrong thing ?" (Hear, hear.) Lot me ask you, us intelligent raon, to discuss this question apart from party polities, to throw aside politics altogether, aud consider tho question ou its merits aud how it will affect the colony us it is at the present timo, and as it will bo hereafter. Let mo say here, I do not beliovo that one-half of you, I will even - say I do not think nine- tentliH of you, estimate as you ought to estimate tho magnificent territory wo have in Queensland. (Hear, hear.) It has been of this continent, from east to west and from north to south. X can' say that in all the places iu Australia wherein I havo travelled, there is nowhere any territory so grand as that in Queensland. (Applauno.) The Darling Downs has gradually, and only gradually, dawned upon tho city of Brisbane us a great avenue of trade. And I havo pointed out to Parliament at different times what tho Duriitig Downs were capable of, and in the past f have been mot with tho reply, " You regard the Darling Downs as the hub of tho uuiver.se." Iu calling tho Downs the hub of the univorsc perhaps members exaggerated, but I unhesi tatingly sqy it is the garden of Australia. (Applause.) And when Sir Thomas Mitchell first saw tbom in their virginity, he said, "You may find another Aus tralia, but you will never find another Darling Downs. " And yet, I toll you that tho Darling Downs are but as a. drop in tho oecau compared with tho vast tracts of fertile country in tho central districts. Thero aro millions upon millions of the finest territory you ever saw or heard of in your life, and it only requires a railway to inuko that country tho homo of millions of prosper ous settlors. But now it remains undeveloped and unprofitable. In the past you peoplo of Brisbane have overlooked your own interests. You were lojl away by politioal factious. If you had boon alive 20 years ago tboro would now be a train leav ing Charters Towors daily for Brisbane, and ono from Brisbane to Charters Towors every morning ; aud you would not have heard of separation. But you have allowed tho trade to drift away whilst you have been discussing tho transcontinental schemes of politicians. If you had been alive to your otvu interests, iu pluco of your 100,000 xieople, it is no exaggeration to say that Brisbane to-day would have a population of 200,000 people. Iu Sydney, all tho railways of Now South Wales aro contrcd; iu Melbourne, those of "Victoria , those of England in London , and if, as the saying was io anciont times, all roads lead to Rome, so iu this colony all tho great roadways should lead to the metropolis- In ' eonsequonco of this' not being so you bavo lott all your trade, and I do not exaggerate wheat say that that magnificent country in tho central districts, on which yoii have recently seen — and very justly, too— an increase of rents assessed by the Land Court, might havo bncu in direct communication with /Brisbauo. But all this trado has gone to Melbourne ; and, still more, from tho returns in the " Government Gazette, " you will find that seven- tenths of tho lessees aro in tho . hands of the financial institutions of other colonies. Row, look at your imports, which 'are £.0,000,000, and your oxports, £10,000,000 , if you reason tho question out on sensible lines, and ask, supposing that was an absolute return from tho products of tho country, brought back to tho country again to bo expended amongst the population, tins colony, should bo the most prosperous country on tho faeo of . the earth. But, uufortunatcly, tho largo surplus of exports over imports' goes uwfltf into.other , countries, and supplies other populations with their capital. In fact, after my travels all through the colonics in 1897, 1 cumeto'tho conclusion that tho-.timohad arrived that wlion a Treasurer began to look about him for now; sources of irevonuo, an absentee tax was the first thing which should .bo imposed; (Hear, hear.) Now, I nientioa this to bring; you up v. to y what ; I 7 coming ' to/ Ask yourselves this . question,- -who. . . are tho advocates 7 of . . \ federation ; . at 77 thel present timo ? (A voico : 44 Sonsiblb meri;") I quite admit it. They aro sensible men, and if they accomplish what thoy have in yiow,1 1 think a groat . many of you will say, ^after wards, that they were very sensible" /men. (Hear, hear.) But go back to the primary cause and you will find that tho agitation started chiefly in . Victoria. .Now/ I have made it a part of my political life to take an interest in politics outside our own colony, and I huve watched the political career of the othor two oolonios, as well as our own. Now, what the " sensible men " referred to did is this. They erected an. iron wall'around Yio-, toria. This colony is about five or/six times tho size of Victoria, but the Victorians said. " We will assist and protect the peoplo within those/walls," and wo will assist them to open up industries, to build up a mighty nation amongst . them selves. Tuey would not allow a kin of flour from Queensland or any other placo to pass through their territory without paying £5 per ton — and that duty is still imposed. When the American boats aro bringing in the Munitoban and San Franciscan wheat there is not a single ton going into Viotoria, because the £5 per ton bars tho way. (Mr. Kingsbury:- 44 That is what the Darling Downs wants to-day.") Now I am only men tioning what is done. In all rhe other branches of agricultural produce tho same high tariff existed, and in every other branch of industry tho some high tariff was imposed, making importations of what could be manufactured in tho colony totally prohibitive, aud tho result has beon that at tho present time Victoria lias, according to tho latest statistics which I am able to obtain — namely, from Goghlan, and ho figures no one will contradict — regarding the encouragement of men to . agricul ture by the imposition, of a high protective duty, and something more than that— there was not only the high pro tective duty, but the Government of that generation saw this., that tho tillage of the land could not be carried out without mini mising labour ns rauoh as possible, so they offered largo bonuses for the manufucture'of agricultural implements of tho latest. Canadian ' and American design. They offered £500 ns a bonus for tho manufacture within tho | colony of a binder and reaper on tho prin- i ciplo of tho "Wood hurvostor and binder,', or rather on 'tlmt principle, for they could not., havo tho patent of it. .Thoy voted no-.less than £250,000 for . bonuses for the. on- couragoment. . of agriculture, and during last year alone (having an eye to the; Commonwealth Bill, which prohibits any. bonuses being given by the States), they voted tho further sum of £15D;0U0 i'oivayfrK oulturo during tho current year/ so thht,» with nil those encouragements, with high prohibitive duty, can you wonder at it for ono moment that. Victoria , has attained the position she has. readied to-day, and is now willing to knock down the barriers which she has imposed on herself, and says to Queensland : Taking us at this moment, let mo illustrate it —the style of argument our friends are using — ono of tho new members in tho House/ He has unly entered Parliament this year for the first time. Ho said, 44 You will have 2,000.000 bushels of wheat this year." This is ready reckoning your chiokons before thoy arc hatched, because the wheat is not yet sown in the ground — so how can you forecast ahurvost, as the furmcrsareonly no w ploughing tho ground ? And yet wo are told, 44 But you aro going toluivo 2.000,000 bushels of wheat," says this gentlomau. I only wish they will havo. I hope God will bless tlicm to such an extent that they will havo it. Here id Vic toria, with nil wo havo at the present time. We have in Queensland 500,000. acres under cultivation, notwithstanding 1u0.0u0 acres of which is nudor. sugar alone. Whereas Vio toria at the present has no less thuu 1,057,000 acres under cultivation. Mr. Kingsbury: What is the avorago production por aero in tho Darling Downs ? Mr. Groom f consider only one muu can speak at a rime. 1 will listen to you after wards. (Shortly aftor Mr. Kingsbury left tho meeting.) Out of our enormous area we havo less than half a million, whereas Vic toria has 1,057,000 acres under wheat alone, and for tho season 1897-8 no less than 12,000,000 bushels of wheat, and able to prepare for its export, not only her own consumption ; £5 per ton barrel the way for those coming - into Victoria. And even supposing, for argument's sulcc, thut wo had got our '2,000,000 bushels of wheat iu Queenslund, we would be < put against tho 12,000.000 in Viotoria, because it would bo infinitely better for the people of Victoria to send their wheat horo than to tho fluctuating markets . of London. (A voice: 44 What about tho grand country you speak about?") The country is all riant, but tho trouble is; wo have not got tho population. (Hoar, hear.) For tho benefit of the gontloman who interjeotcd, lot mo tell him thut it is ouly within the last two years, since the passing of the Agricultural Lands Repurchase Act, tho thousands of acres on tho Darling Downs have been released from merely growing sheep, and applied to tho use of human being., us God intended thoy should he. I hope boiore very long that tho farmers of Queenslund will bo able toproduconot merely 2,000,000 bushels of wheat, but as largo a quantity as is uow produced by the colony of Viotoria. . Now, I wish to refer to tljo manufacture of butter. As a rosult of pay ing the enormous bonuses which Viotoria has douo for tho purposo of encouraging tlio dairying industry, thoy have boon able to make that industry go ahead moro thau an y other of the British dependencies, not even excepting Canada. Last , year, according to Coghlan, Victoria produced 34,661.000 lbs. oj butter for export, and wore so successful as to bo able to compete in the London market . with the Danish; butter, whioh bud up to that time had pretty woll its own . way. While wo in Queensland have boon engaged in dallying with grand - -schemes, such as the transcontinental railway, we have forgotten to. make tho best use of the country we nave had and the peoplo wo have . had. .. (Hear, hear.) I have been for yours and years past, for the last 25 years, advo cating the repurchase by the Government of the magnificent country in tho Darling -Downs for the purpose of agricultural settle ment, but it is only within the last two yours that the Parliament of tho colony has scon tho wisdom of repurchasing tho lands in question. . "When travelling in tho trniu yesterday I had a conversation with a mem ber of the Land Board Who had been in specting aii area of 16,000 aorcs of beautiful country on whiohnot a single farm is now to be seen. (Mr. Keogh : " That's Luke Glarondon.") Yes, that is Lake Clarendon, and tho gentle man I, have referred to informed mo that hois going to recommend the Government to repurchase that area. In reply to tho gentle man who d few moments ago,, asked mo about the grai\d country, I would point out that the advancement of agriculture in Queensland -UiU. UU u lOVOlYO UUJtuiug w ii.U HkUlU UIIU4 the year 1870. .Prior to that dute aquatfcer- dom was in the ascendant, an$ if the squatters allowed a man the privilege of goti in g five or ten acres of land thoy thought they had douo a wonderful thing, and tho idea of giving half a million acres of land to settle upon would havo been quite out of their ealoulations altogether. It wii.t uot until 1868 that a Land Bill was introduced, there are three men who stand out pro minently for thoir insistence upon the inclusion of the American clauses. I mean Mr. James Morgan, Mr. Patrick O'Sullivun, of Ipswich,- and your humblo servant. (Hear, hour, and appluusol) . We stood out tben, and although wo bad to effect a compromise, to give und take, in order to oorry it, yet we succeeded in securing it, so that instead of 5, 10, or 15 acres we got: 160 acres of land for the settlor. In the year 1870 legislation was carried through wbioh had the cffcot of in creasing that area to 320 acres — Mr. J. M. Thompson, of Ipswich, being the Minister for Lands at the time — with tho result that some of the very best farmers ou the . Darling Downs aro among thoHo who took up their land in 1870. Thoy are tho men who are. now prosperous, who can walk into the store and give their cheque without- tho slightest hesitation. That, was the effect of tho liberal land legisla tion ; hut, in addition to tlmt iu 1879, the Parliament of Queensland adopted a partial protective tariff for tho purpose of protecting tho farmers from the introduction of produce from tho older colonics in tho south. In 1SS8 Sir Thomas M4I1 wraith camo into power, -and ho imposed a further protec tive tariff umouuting to £409,000, although it was not altogether protective, but was partially for revenue purposes, and in. 1892, when my friend Mr. Unmack was a member of bis Government, he still further amplified tho protective tariff. Ho gave us his reason for recommending that policy to the country that the time had arrived in the history of Queensland that it was absolutely necessary to establish manufac turing industries. (Applause.) Hisattcntiou was called to the number of the boys aud girls in the schools, thousands of them. There were thon 5,000 boys sent out into the world (there aredoublonow; to earn tnoir own liviug and to work out thoir own salvation. Tho question was asked, "Where aro our boys to find employment ? " Thoy could not all go on the land, thoy could not all bo policemen or railway porters. (Laughter.) Sir Thomas M'llwraith said that industries should bo established, and what was moro ho carried out: his intention. (Applause.) We givohiiu. the credit for it. . I always thought his policy commended itself 7 to the common sense of tho country, and I am sure they en dorsed every word of what he said. I will toll you something of his tariff on that occasion. Take furniture, as ono item alone. At that time the auction rooms in Brisbane were inundated .by consignments of English furniture, . to tho great in j ury of tho mechanics aud other tradesmen of Brisbane. 'A voice : What about Chineso ? Mr. Groom: Yeiphiiicso were doing it. Sir Thomas M4Ilwrn«Ii placed un ad valorem duty of 25 per cent upon furniture imported "/om other "countries. I do not know anything " about your condition in Brisbane, but in my own town a number of large manufactories were established through this tariff. Other places have been established there, aud they have not only manufactured the goods iu tho colony, but they have given em ployment to their own fellow- colonists. (Applause.) Then, take boots and shoes. Sir Thomas imposed duties of 33s., 2ls.» 17. Gd., 19s. Cd., 10s., and lis. 6(1. por dozen ou boots and shoes imported ; and .will you any that these duties havo not increased tho manufacture of boots in the colouy? Hum thut not been the effect of it in Brisbane? Two of tlio manufactories I have referred to employ 80 boys und girls in iny own elec torate. And they would not have been established hud it not been for these duties. Then, again, with roferoneo to Ihoso who aro engaged in tho maiuifucntre of buggies and uoaches unci waggons, ."Sir. Thomas M4Ihvrauh imposed a duty of £25 upon every mail coach imported. At that timo Gobh and Co. imported thoir conches from their own works. In Chnrlevillo now thoy havo a coach manufactory, where iron) SO to 100 men uro employed. Sir Thonm-? also imposed a duty of £12 each on waggons and waggouottes, £29 each unon four-wheeled vehicles: for barouches and vehicles used by tho wealthy classes, unyono who wished to import these had to pay £30 for each vehicle. That is your tariff to-day, and if you aro prepared, in ac cordance with tho conditions of Tlio bill, to surrondor theso rights and privileges which Parliament has granted to you, I say it is your own fault. (Loud applause.) Let mo give you an instance of a practical farmer in my own district. .In that district a number of men uro engaged iu, mid muko comfortable livings out of. tho wiuo industry. Ono of them has writtou a letter to tho editor of tlio //- 'estcrn ' Slur. Ho says Sir,— I sec by this morning's p.avjer a meeting is to be called to consider tbo advisability ot getting fedtnul advocates to lecture on t ho tul- vitnrMges of federation.- L suy certainty get them, and lot us know nil about it. ' of. us have their ideas plain that all the electors may Imvo an idea what they aro voting for, and what they lirnv expecti u a result of ih-'ir voting. And by all means lot us have the nuri-fedemliKte well to give us their torwion of its baucfnl results— if it comes— so that we may not. as New South Walts anti-federalists say, vote iu tho dark, for fear of everlasting regret. I am quite satis fied of its nations ou mo aud my business, and all tliosu who are onguged in grape-growing. "When we »re pub fiuiinoiul firms in the south, who have built up their properties and paid for them years ago, and Btand free limiuciully to-iiuy. besides living iu a better climate, wliern they liaVe better grapes and larger crops and every facility, and long fiaincd practical experience, I ask, when wo n our infa»>t < stage, only just emerging out of difficulties und only, so to speak, just knowit.g our way about— how is it possible that Wo can exist, leavo alone lire, when pitted against aucli long odds i These southern men. with their, largo and well filled cellars up to halt a million gallons cau swamp us Queeuslundcrs, and run us out of the murkot. These people soil wine iu Euglund ub a net prieo of Is. Ort. a gallon I They buy their grapes for UOy. or 35s. a ton I You ask our gvapugrowers what they think of selling gropes at that prion - which they certainly will have to do if vro gutfederatiou. It Will tneau wreck and rain to ull concerned in tho grape and wine business directly wo are pUeed uu a lovol with people in every way ootter circumstanced than we are. for this reason— the length of time tuey have had in excess of us Queenalnnders (quite .so or 40 years) to got baok the money they expended to mako thoir properties und business ft) years ago. I shudder at tho thought of its results ou ino. My beautiful vinoyard that bus taken iuo 30 years' hard labour uud thought to put to gether will be turned into a cow paddock ; tnv cellar, there wiU ho uo uso for tlioiu, and they will be turned into hay sheds or shelter l'or cuttle; ami as for the casks, they will bo food for the white nuts Such are the deplorable alfects that I picture as the result of feneration in grape growing and wine making. &ly; mo years work will decay with me. X thought X whs working for my wife and children, but tho Government are trying to deprive them of their \- legal rights —the result of their father's labour. "When the clay of voting comes I hope tho voting will bo sufficient against federation, that tho xuin of my trade together with others will ho averted. (Loud applause.) Now, Mr. Mayor, that is not .the opinion of a man swayed by pre judice, or whose passions havo carried him away. It is tho plain, uuvaruishod state ment of a practical man who has invested his all in the Roma district, said to bo ono of the finest grape- growing districts in tho colony. Voices : Name, name? Mr. Gjioose: His name? "Woll, it is . Mr. Samuel Bassett, well known for Bnssett's wino all over tho colony. (Ap plause.) "When umuu pictures his ruin in such a way, docs it not appeal to your intelli gence, your muiihood ? Does it not impel you to say that you will nob hesituto to oppose this step and to domand all the information you can gob upon this question before you sacrifice tho rights you havo secured ? (Loud applause.) 'I told you about tho Agricultural, 'Land'S' Repurchase Act, and wo liafo under that Act invited the farmers from Victoria and other places in the south to take up land on the Downs. The whole of tho Ileadiugtou Hill Estato, 32,000 acres in extent, was takcu up, but during tlio first season tbey we to stricken by drought ; tho heuvcus were llko brass, and 110 ruin fell. They pluutod their maize, but when tho returns were called for in Parliament, iu order that their fiuanciul condition in relation to tho claims of the Government might bo Been, they were all in arrears. If that 29 the case now, what prospcot will they have when the protection "is "taken away, a protection given to them by Parliament to enable; them to earn a livelihood ? I gay, gentlemen, that wc are, as tlicy were, ono of tho youngest colonies of tho group. Until West Australia, obtaining by slow development from a Crown colony to ono possessing responsible government, we were tho youngest colony of the group. Now, the editor of tho paper to which X referred just now — tho Western Star — wrote a leader in reply to Mr. Bassect, aud I will givo you ono extract from Ml. Bassott'fi reply to it, because really it may apply to koiuo others ns well as the editor of tho TFc3tem Star, Ho says : — I no to your comments in last Sat urday's issue in response to my letter in the pre vious issut. mul you express yourself as having no jVfir of tho grape and wine in dustry suffering to any extent Through competi tion wish tho a to bo ablo to think tho sumo ; but knowing my business iu nil its brunch" thoroughly, X know it will bring ruin. T daresay you base my business on tho aauio grounds us your o-n. You blacken your type in the evening, mid you have your productfaii for aulo in the sunmlng. In my trade, to build a vme- yanl in this treacherous climate -where arc 1ms to plant iu nil probability ten times over before lie bus much result, ovon allowing oneself to ba veiy successful— -it takes tn years before ho lutM imy production iu wine to sell. Now, X say, ic is all very well for leader writers in Brisbane, who indulge inscntimont, to brand myself and other gentlemen as paro- chialists and provinuinlists, and other odd names. I -answer them und say that I am living in a district where there uvo thousands of families who havo to work early and Into, to put up with privations, niul to oncountor difli'-ultios which would cause many of you to shudder if you know all. Tho men who havo gono out into tho buck ridges, and who havo converted scrubs into smiling homo- steads, will havo to wait years before thoy cnu bo repaid anything lileo a return for' tho energy and labour put into the land. But ou the otlior baud, tho loader-writer, jib Mr. Bassctt snvs, has his ink wet at night, hoIIs his paper in tho morniug, and receives the proceeds m rhe evening. Bub the days of sentiment in theso matters tire gone, and wo havo to look at tho question as iwictioal business men, und to ask ourselves how wc, who havo been hero for years, will bo individu ally affected, Ono of their orios is thut whon federation comes tho population will increase , by leaps and bounds. But history will tell i you that popitlation will follow whorover labour und wculth lies. It in not because federation comes that population will follow ; if you waut population you must uttruot it. . From tho Colonial Treasurer's ffuanoial statement of the last session of Parliament I find that this colony bus votod £3,300,000 for immigration. And whore docs tho population go to ? Did not Sir John Robert- son in years gone by say that Queensland was tho best immigration agent that Now South "Wales had ? And why ? Because she was importing population by the thousand, but made no provision for their employment. If population is going to flow into Queensland with federation, there must be some- ihing to bring them here. Now, as I look nt it, wo nro asked iu tho first place to surrender our customs revenue. Iu times gono by, if tho Treasurer felt himself at a loss to rauko ouds meet, he at once flew to. tho oustom-house, and picked out articles of luxury on which to levy dutioH. But whon federation comes vou will have no suuh resources. ' The inistoniB revenue is takuu away from you, and then you will havo to fall back upon dlreot tuxati«»n. Dr. M'Laurin has proved as con clusively us is possiblo that tho result will,. be a taxation to the extont of J52 4s. per iicad upon ovcry man! woman, ; and! child, to meet" their contribution " in I'imnQefcion with tho fcdcrul town, apart altogether from the additional taxation which must bo imposed iu order to meet the re- quirements of this colony through the surrender of our oustoms rovenuo to the Federal Government. (A voice: "Will not one balance the other?") No, it will not; and X may say that my experience of 4U years has taught mo that wheu once a Treasurer gets possession of money it is very hard in deed to get it out of him again. (Appluuse.) A gentleman told me he was iu Syduoy for a fortnight a short time ago. He ia a puhlio man, and has yot to express himself upon this federation question. He wanted to find the geuoral feeling in Sydney on this question, . und ho rodo on omnibuses und tramuore ask ing opinions about federation, aud according to his own calculations and conclusions ho found it. Ho said the federalists were obliged to uso this bait. To the artisans und working olasses thoy said, "Voto for federation, beouuso thero will he a now federal city/ which will cost 436, 00 ', 000 to build." But wo must not forget that the interest on this sum has to be borne by the various colonics. Where will tho surplus of tho customs revenue como from ? Ask yourself that question. I say, speakiug as a representative of an agricultural constituency whoso interests X am bound in all honour to proteot us tnuoh as I oun — knowing from past oxpcriouoc, having sliarod their reverses aud thoir prosperity as woll — I am in duty bound to consider federation aud to soe that no classes of the community arc misled by it, but to dispassionately consider it in all its issues, and then you are ablo to give a proper and intelligent voto upon it. I have said— and I do not recall one word of what X have said — X am con vinced federation will mean tho ruin of thousands of nil classes of the community. A gentleman sdid in tho eurly part of tho btoning that the southern speakers were sensible) men, but the utterances I have road to yuu arc those of as sensible a man as you can find anywhere, who is absolutely engaged in tho industry, who is ablo todencribc accurately tho results of what will happen if it is brought into eifeot. I will nob trespass further on your time —(Go on. Go ou.) — I want to give Mr. Unniuok a chunco to say what ho .1ms to say. Ho lias had numerous disguised attaokers, men who like to hit from behind the bush, men who willnotcomoto tho front and tell ub who they are. Ho has a right to viudicato his former stutcmonts, aud challenge the accuracy of his opponents. X .wl)l not stand in hia way. I stood boforu you to-night ; X havo acceded to the request of the gentlemen who usked me to stand be fore you to-night. If X havo givou you now facts or new light on the matter I shall be amply repaid. If these wore tho last words I were to address ou this subject X would say, "By all tho tics whioli bind you to your native or adopted country, by all you hold dear on earth and sacred iu heaven, I my that when the time comes to voto on this bill, if you think this bill is dhunotricuUy opposed to the best interests of youwolf and this colony, X would say reject it. (Applause.) MR. UNMACIC3 SPEECH. Mr. Trrodo»'K Ukxaok, who was received, with loud applause, said : Ladies and gcntle- mou, — It is at tho unanimous request of the Anti-Convention Bill League X nm hero again to-night. The reasons are various, but chiefly bccauso tho committee considered — and 60 do I — chut an opportunity ought to bo given to me to ugain reassert the stute- raouts I have made in the Oentonnial Hull. Most of you, if not all, know that only about u mouth ago I addressed a large meeting nt tho CeuteiTnifti Hall against the adoption of tho Convention Bill in its present form. Many and various critics— so-called critics — people who have become, possessed of this quibbling spirit, tried to draw un argu- mcut in some sliupo ur form to show I wus on the wrong track. Not oue of those critics have opposed tho Rtatemeuts and facts I then made. Iu the first place, X said thero would bo very heavy taxation owing to tho Federal Government — in tho first, instance of £1 pur licud of population— also, thut wo should be subject to a protectionist outside tariff, which wouldinorcusa tho taxation under which wo uro labouring. Sir Samuel Griffith, in his excellent address which ho delivered lust week, 1ms also referred to the finauoinl position. Now, Indies and gentle men, wo are nil agreed that we admire the vory great abilities whiob Sir Samuel Griffith is possessed of. Wo consider him — we may all say he is— incupablo of wil fully misrepresenting nuy facts or placing thorn wilfully wrongly before tho pub lic; wo feel that he has argued all his conclusions from a spirit of fairness, with whioh ho is himself possessed ; but, ladies and gentlomon, X do not agree with all the conclusions which Sir Samuel has arrived at. There is not a layman who would venture to question his interpretation of nuy dfthtters of law, but X say when he touohes financial subjeots at ull ovents there are those who aro just as ablo and just ub capable as he is exactly to deal with thcro. (Appluuso.) Now, much as I admire Sir Samuel in all bis ability, still as regards financial matters I do hot plaoo myself behind lnm in any shapo or othor. I consider I am just as capable— and probably more so— to arrive at n conclusion on tbis question from afinancinl and business point of view or ho is. Therefore X shall endoavour to show that somehow ho has allowed himself to go astray in tho exposition of thofiuunoe. Like ull any-prico federalists, ho has en deavoured to prove too muoh. When I rend his address in which lio said tho cost to us would only bo £60,000 1 really felt overjoyed, and road on hoping to road in the next sentenco that wo were making a profit out of tho concern, and further expected that he should have told us that thoy were ttiking us into partnership as a junior partner without oxuctiug a premium from us. I was disappointed I did not find it. X consider there is a screw loose somewhere in the figures Sir Samuel pluces before us. Sir Samuel tolls us the cost of federation to us 'would be £60,000. But what does our Premier say ? Ho is in possession of all tbo figures, und he freely admits that tho cost of the federal government to ub will he £100.000. Thut is ouo point, at all ovents, where I think a correction ought to ho mado. Then again he goes into the matter of the loss of the intercolonial duties, und here again X wiy he is altogether wrong. Ho goes into anoiont history. (Laughter.) Sir Samuel Griffith says that iu 1891 the collection of duties on colonial manufactured articles amounted to £100,000. Sinco then the collec tion of thoso dutios has shown a falling off because wo havo done less trade with them. To begin with Sir Samuel is altogether wrong in eaying that tho duties amounted to £100,000, beounrioasa matter of fact it was only £79.382 16s. 6d. Xtake that amount. from the statistics, whioli are just as muoh available to him as thoy are to me. I could quote for you the figures for the subsequent years, but I havo made up my mind not to weary you with too many statistics, bub I wiU just mention that in 1805, which was tho latest year on whiob theso figures were made up by the customs statisticians in that particular form, it amounted to £125, 621 10s. 2d. Since 1895 that system of keeping the aocouuts has bcon altered, in accordance with tho desires of the Home Government, re as to enable them to nmko our their statistics in a hotter form. As far us X havo bcon ablo to mako it up, the amount in 1897 for duties so collected was £160.000, and that amount will bo lost to us. Sir Samuel Griffith also estimates tbo loss of intercolonial duties for all the six colouies at from £700,000 to £SOO,OOQ. Tho only reply I cau give to that is that from tho acknowledged statistics mude up iu tho colony of Now South Wales, based on the last 3$ years' tariff, tho loss will be £1,250,000, and not £700,000 or £800,000. Sir Samuel Griffith next pro ceeds to ridioulo tho idea of tho statement I mado that wo should lose about £200,000 on acoount of inability to colleob duties on articles of British and foreign trade which come from tho various colonies to ub, becuuso you will remember that there is u clauso under whioh tho colony which consumes tho artielos is to be credited with it. Ho ridicules what X said boforo, but I say again that it is absolutely impossible for us to carry out that system of collection. X assort it fearlessly, because I know that no merchant, oven if he felt re iuolined, could render a faithful and just account of these duties. It was quite impossible —because, take any olasB of manufactured article: take boots for instance. They would ho composed partly of colonial leather and partly of im ported leather, whilo tacks, lining, and all other kinds of things will be imported, and on which duty will have been paid. How could a merchant give the exact amount which ought to be credited to the other colonies ? Take clothing us another instance. You have imported material and local material, but they are so much divided und split up rlmh it is quite impossible to arrive at the exact estimate of what ought to be credited to the other colony, but duties to be credited can only be allowed upon the cost price. Is a merchant at all likoly to disclose to his customer the cost of his goods through the custom-house ? No merchant would do that. It- is an absolute certainty that there must he u very heavy loss incurred upon these duties thut uro abso lutely impossible to collect." Thcro will bo a considerable loss, amounting to £1 por head extra tuxutiou, whiob must bo made up by our own Government. VYc lose £330,000 or, . say, £315,000 ; wo lose u quurter of our ous- touts revenue, wo lose £160,000 by the remis sion of intercolonial duties, aud, say, £100,000 on uccount of our inubility to collect the duties. Thut will amount altogether to ubont £500,000 or £600,000, or equivalent to £1 per head of population. Some people argue that these duties will not he lost to us, but thut our consumers will bo the guiners of more than that amount. I have already on previous occasions cotitradioted that and shown that it is not so, because the retail consumer will not get tho bonofit of the remission of thoso duties. It is quito possible that the amount of tho duties would go into the pookots of tho middleman, but to say that it would bo so much saved by tho retaU con sumer is qaito incorrect (Avoioe: "How so?") I will toll you how. Suppose you are paying 16s. por ton on potatoes. Do you moan to toll mo that tho knocking off of tho duties will reduco tho pnoo you lmvo to puy for tho potatoes by ono solitary penny ? (A voioo: " Of course not.") We are told that we shall bo saving £L por ton ou fiour, hut does any sane man tell mo that it will reduce tho price of a loaf by one fraction of a penny. (A voico : ' 4 What about butter uud oheeso ?' ') Why, as for butter and oheeso, you will be swamped by it from tho othor colonics. (A voice: "Then wo will live on treacle." Laughtor.) That is ull right. (Laughter.) X have never argued what tho real cost of the Federal Government is goiug to be, but X do argue what will bo the cost to us, because you must bear in mind that bur revouuo and our expenditure are ut tho present timo just about bnlanoing themselves. Wo have u small credit surplus, therefore whatever wo havo to surroudor from our revenue must bo mado up by our own Government in ordor to make ends moot. (Hoar, hear.) That does not bring us to tho oost of what the Federal Government will he, although I say it will be a greut deal moro than theso gcntleraon make out. Now wo havo just lately hud the plea sure of listening to two very fine speeches by gentlemen who oamo ui> from tho south, Messrs. Barton and Deakin. Thoro is no doubt ubout it, those spoochcs woro roally splendid— that is to say, from an oratorical point of view. (A voico: "Tho organ was hotter," laughter.) 1 Yos, the organ was bettor, only thoy forgot to play the " Dead March." (Laughtor.) At all events wo sucoeedod in one way— the Anti-Oonvention League persuaded all their frionda to go to the meeting to givo them a show, and wo have sent thoso two gontlemen homo to thoir own colonies with tho impres sion that thoro is not a soul in Queensland sinco tlioiv . visit who is opposed to federation. But tho wave of sentiment whioh thoy created has now gone past. X havo not lound a eingio fodcrationist who is able to say " Messrs. Barton and Dcnkin told us of such und auoh an advantage." They havo made fine speeches, but are wo going to bo swayed by iiuu speeches ? Wo want some thing better. - A voice : Yes, something more practical. Mr. Ukjucx: Well; I will dispose of Mr. Deakin in one act. (Lauurhtor.) It is a lovely figure of speech. Ho wild this : s 4 But . it Bcems to me that the provinciulists of Vio- toria (ho mount of Queensland of course, but ho did not like to say it) aro more governed by sontimont than argument. And what are the sentiments whioh iufiuHiioe them ? With out being uncomplimentary, I inav say thoir leading soutimcuts uro euvy; jealousy, and four. Now, if wo uro going to ho governed by sentiment (and now comes tho lovoly senti ment), I would prefer to have a nentiiuont of brctherly love, tru>.t, and loyalty, rather than a sentiment of jealousy, envy, and fear." And so say all of us. (Hear, hear.) But thut request for brotherly lovo jmd trust, aud loyalty oomes with an exueodiugly bad grace from one iu Victoria who has been ono of the foremost to socure all tho advantages for that colony ; and then ho comes here to you and speaks of brotherly lovo and trust. "Why don't you trust us?" ho inquires. (Loud ahplause and laughtor.) I look upon, it as nothing elso but what is ordinarily called the confidence trick. (Appluuse.) Tho con fidence trick is lovely for all concerned except the man with the money, and it is not lovely for us. Wo want proof that wo shall bo fairly and honourably and justly treated, alongside othors, and for fear of a slip between the cup and tho lip we want that in- sorted in the bill, jw tho Victorians havo it. (Cheers.) Tho next thing Mr. Barton tackles ino upon (and he makes a very sweep ing statement) is whether I kuow what X aiu talking ubout. Ho says 1 do not understand what federation means. Well, now, buoh a stutamcat us that, from a public man might cause an admiring, audience to swallow , but- such a sweeping; assertion coming from a barrister and a Q C. is certainly calculated to squash me alto gether (laughter.) Mr. IXkooii: Of course not. Mr. (Jnuace: Oh. wait a bit. I will squash thorn, directly. (Applause.) It is calculated to weaken uil my other arguments, beonuso if ho could induce the audience to bc- liovo that I do not understand what I am talking about, my arguments arc, of course, weaker. X believe that all thoso who know .me in Brisbmio know I am not a man to speak upon any subject unless I have a fair and reasonable acquaintance with it.' (Applause.) Unless Mr. Barton (and I am in good company in making this statement) is a hotter authority than Jobn StuHrt Mill,- ho is not right. John Stuart Mill says : ' There aro two different modes of organising, a federal union. Tho federal authorities may represent tho Govuritinonts solely and their aots may bo obligatory only on tho Governments as such, or thoy inay have the power of enacting laws and issuing orders whioh aro binding directly on individual citizens. Tho moro perfect modo of federation is whore overv citizon of each particular Stato owes obedienoo to two Governments— that of his own Stute and that of tho federation." X think I am coming out on top here. When I said I preferred a uuitm, to put everything together! to have ono Parliament uud ono Government. I did so in telligently, beoauHc while I acknowledge and udmit that tho inodo he advocates is the more perfect one in accordance with tlio unthority I have just quoted, it is hedged round with so many snares and pitfalls that I prefer the less perfect one, and to take my ckuuca of jus tice. Mr. Barton next discusses the question of intercolonial froetrude aud its effect. Ho says: 41 It is said thut the industries of Queensland will bo crippled. It means that under intercolonial freutrudc thcro will be uu opportunity— (I hope all those employed in factories will pay attention to this, because it is rather important)— for ovcry industry to live that has life worth living in it. (Continued oheoring.) Industries that cannot progress without a tariff must take a back seat iu favour of more progressive ones. (Loud applnusc.)" Now, the Queensland audience which cheered such a statement as that A voico ; It did not. Mr. Unha. ; Well, the paper says it did. If thoy did, thoy knew very littlo indeed of what they were cheering. Did thoy con sider that Victoria and Now South Wales were fully equipped iu their industries, and' that under tuut statement wo in Queensland would havo to tako a baok scat ? Now, what about tbo fanners, whose oauso our worthy friend Mr. Groom has so ably advocated ? Mr.' Krooiz : Hear, hour. " Mr. Unjtack : For many years the farmers struggled, and struggled, and could nob pro- gross until they secured the protective tariff, which has sot them upon thoir legs. They have still to Btand southern competition in spito of the duty, and they are not yot able to supply Queensland want#. But I toll you this— do away with the duties, and Queensland .will be tlio dumping ground for the produce of all tho other colonics whicli thoy cannot now get rid of. Mr. Keook: It will ho tho dumping ground for thoir agriculturists too. Mr. Unma.ok : Then a statement was pub lished iu the Courier, either last Friday or, last Saturday, in reforenoe to tho imports and exports of maize. It gives a return for tlio last ten years of the imports uud oxports, and within a thousand or two bushels the ox- ports equal tho imports. But tho Courier did not tell us that tho largest portion of the ox- ports iu 1891 und 1892 woro absolutely compulsory in a measure, because wo had a fine season for grass, and thcro was no call for maize. Tho London markot offered great attraction iu prices, und so maize wns sent away, obiefly by way of Now South Wales. X um speaking now from memory, but X think maize had gono down to 9d. or Is. a bushel. A voico : Yob, that is right. Mr. Unzuok : Aud it was bought up in largo quantities and shipped chiefly from Sydnoy to Englaud, But when I como to iunko a cnlculation X fiud that, according to theso figures, the average prico por bushel of our exports was 2s. G?rd., whilst that of our imports was 3s. 3cf., a very considerable difference. Now, when vou consider that iu addition to that there is8d. por busbol duty, X think wo puy pretty dourly. But wo must not forgot that theso imports were necessitated through bad sonsous. For instance, immediately after tho flood of 1893 a very largo quantity came in, and, therefore, for whatever purpose it is intended to ueo this statement, it shows us that wo are not iu a position to supply ourselves. Now, this "maize" business was a very unfortunate selection, because maize is really only, practically speakiug, produced iu two coionios. Our uverugo production is 25i V bushels per acre, and that of New South Wales 32 bushels, so that therefore, you see. if you do away with rhe duty our farmers will nob bnvo much chnuvc. Now, lot us take another phase. Not only iwo these gentlemen doiug ull they euu te do awuy with theso duties, but they aro trying to get the New I South Wales farmers to do everything thoy ( cau in favour of federation by suyiug, 41 Oh, you wiU have the Queensland market open to you, and can got rid of your stuff there." j There is un avticie upon which Mr. Groom did not touch, whioh is important, and that is the growing of barley for malting purposes. Thoro aro two malt ing houses in Toowoombn, and just recently ono has been erected ut considerable oxponso by some gentlemen in all good faith that their enterprise would provo u profitable | ouo. Now, as Boon us the duty is taken off, tho malting houses may bo usod as barus. That is where Victoria and tho others, with their large production, will score. Victoria produces 76S.454 bushels, and Queouslatid only 498,049 bushels, and South Australia 162,000 bushols. How can wo Httmd against that? Tako again th« wine industry. Vic toria produces 2,822,262 gallons, South Aus tralia 1,233,000 gallons, and Queensland 207.000 gallons. How can .wo compete against that? The moment our duties are taken off our wino growers may as well plough up their vinos. They cannot hold their own. (Hoar, hear.) Now. tho gentlemen who came hero advocat ing the abolition of these dufcioa know well thut in Victoria duties havo done so much that tho production in that colony has overtaken their consumption, and thoy must find an outside market or closo tho greater portion of their factories. And are we to bo the victims ? "Why should not wo have tho benefit; of the samo thing for a time ? (Prolonged applause.) I think these gentle men must havo laughed up their sleeves to sec what seeming simpletons wo were. Since I have been chairman of this Auti- Convention Bill I manufacturers havo communicated with me, aud why ?' (A voice : 44 Thoy knew it would please you.") But X am not a manufacturer. Thoy know that I would stand up as a man und speak a word in their fuvour. (Applause.) Employers of an Aggregate number of nt least 2.5U0 hands toll mo t hat thoy will bo absolutely unable to continue if these duties aro taken off, aud that under tho circumstancos thoy would prefer to close thoir factories hero and go south, whore thero is. a larger population, and a greater demand than here. Other manu facturers, who havo only branch' establish ments hero, with their headquarters in the south, Nay, "IVo are not goimr to rnn two places when thoro is no duty." As far us I can see, ut loust 3,509 people will cither bo thrown out of work, or havo to go to the south, whero wages are from 20 per cent to 3u per cent lowor than they are here. ("No, no.") Woll, thoro is no uso dis puting tho question, and au instance is that of a boot factory here. A certain class of small boots are mado in Sydnoy, for which men working by the pieco aro paid 4d. a. puir, while tlio same work is paid for hero at Gd. a pair. That is 33?, per cent anyhow. Now, Bay 3,500 people aro affected in this way, it will represent u stoppage of from £8,000 to £9,000 iu wages weekly, whioh is a very large sum for a place like Brisbane. Of course theso peoplo would not come here to tell us where tho shoo pinches thorn ; they are too good orators. You have only, as it were, to get them on a platform, and put a poiiuy in tlio slot, and off thoy go ! .Mr. Barton gave a splendid oration about Chamberlain's views upon Imperial and Australian federation ; but tmpposiug a number of factory hands lose tlieir employment, and their wives aud families want, a" meal, can you offer them a dish full of Mr. Chamberlain's views, and ask them to foed upon that? Cau you say, 44 My dear wife, you belong to a very grout nation now, and I think that should satisfy yon ; feed ou thut." Well, is intercolonial freotrudo such a cer tainty? I doubt it very much. The bill wan full of snares aud pitfalls. X will only draw your attention to ono clause— 1 1 1— which reads in this way : After uniform duties of customs have been imposed, a State may levy on imports or oxports, or on goods passing into or out of the State, sueh charges us may be necessary for oxcuuting tho inspection luws of the. State; but tho net produce of alt charges so levied ahullho for the use of tho commonwealth, and nuy such inspection laws tnuy be annulled by the Parliament of tho commonwealth." That is beautiful ! What will wo do uuder that ? I have read the debate in 44 Hansard" ou tbut. I find tho intention is that the charges should ho imposed chiefly for tho inspection of diseased cuttle, diseased plan is. fruit, and such liko. But this is so wide. They may levy on imports or exports, on goods passing to to or out of ii State. But tho very first thing one State may pass is a duty on cattle coming into their territory. It is truo they would not got tho tax, but that would not mutter 'so long us thoy pro teot thoir own men by it, Tho Federal 1'arliaraent may annul ut. But liow long will it tuko ? Thoy may run 12 or 18 months boforo it is annulled, and tho tax would work to our detriment all tlio timo. This shows . thoro are pitfalls which require vory serious considoratiou. Now, Mr. Barton tonohes upon bounties. Ho says with regard to this that bounties under tho Commonwealth Bill must operate uniformly throughout, und no differences can be inado between one Stato aud another, but it is provided iu auothor part of the bill that bounties already granted boforo Juno 30, 1898, ahull not bo interfored with, provided thoy were entered into boforo. That was done simply, lie says, because thoro is suob a thing as national honour. Well, I am going to suow you Mr. Burton in tho Convention fighting for tho intcrc.it of his own colony ugaiust Mr. Burton on (ho Queensland platform ou national honour. It is worth listening to. This is Mr. Barton in his spccoh ut tho Convention. (I mu quoting from tho Convention records of tho debates upon this subjoot in 189S, page 2,355.) He says: 14 1 object to any bounty being offered by a State ou the production or oxport of .goods mi dov any circumstances whiitsa- ovor. l'rotcctionisb us X um, tih regards the extcrnul importations of the com monwealth, X boliovo thut whon you establish frootmdo within tho commonwealth, you should make that freetiudo actual and real. I do not hold with the muu who says, 4 Intercolonial freetrade, sir?t Yes, if I can nullify tho power of regulating trado und commerce by navigation. Intercolonial froo- tvude, sir? Yes, if I can nullify it by boun ties. Intercolonial frcetmdo, sir? Yes, if X can nullify it by preferential railway rates.' Now, if wo are to havo .intercolonial free- trade iu this commonwealth w> should .not attempt to open tho door to its being inter fered with by any manipulation of any sort whatever. That, I beliove, is a strong objec tion. I shall adhere to it, ami I um u gainst this proposal in any shapo or form whatever." Further, he says: 4 4 Wc euu easily under- stand tho Parliamout giving tho same favour (it may bo with regard to the same class of product or unothcr) to another colony. And so tho game , goes ou— the old guiuo of better term— and tho door is at once ajur to corruption So long us tho State goes on giving the bounties it can pluv tho game. But others . whioh cannot afford the gumo will havo to do without tho stimulation which is an in equality revolting to tho principle of inter colonial freetrado." Mr. R<»id, in replying I to Sir Georgo Turner (who with tho other delegate of South Australia and Vic toria fought hard for days und days to get it inserted), said : 44 Tho right honourable member vory franklr aud straightforwardly, as is his custom, tolls us 4 This is no good to uh unless it violates tho cquulity of Australian production and I Australian freotrudo. It is ho good to us UU'OSS it puts our peoplo at an advan tage compared with the position of tho producers of , tho . other parts of Australia.' . . . Honourablo members opposite (Victorian) aro honestly und frankly endeavouring to secure a concession from us whioh they feel will be of service in recom mending the bill to Victoria. For that r eaten I do not complain of their action. But I must point out that tho susceptibilities of tho other colonies must ho considered, when tho position is so unequal." Now where is Mr. Barton with his national honour with us on the Queensland platform ? You have got him by tho wool. (Laughter.) If there is such a thing an national honour to he carried ont, have wo not a right to consider our malting houses in Toowoomba? Have not thoso gentlemen spent thousands and thousands of pounds on those places on tho strength of tho tariff, and are wo going to slaughter very mauy of our busi nesses, or aro we going to say, 4 4 Wo will havo aono of it." Wo have just as much right to secure this bargain for them as the others have to secure it for their people! Wo are not against federation, but wo want such securities in ordor to protect our own pecplo and onr own industries. (Voice: "What about cigars?") Oh, they smoko them ! Now Sir Samuel Griffith upon this trios to tnako us believe thcro is not much in this. Ho says, " Theso bounties which havo been re- HorvodarepruoticaUyworth nothing." I think that is drawing too much upon our credulity. Mr. Burton next attacks my statomcnt as to the Interstate Commission on railway rates, saying, 44 Mr. Uinnack seems to bo much moved concerning the Interstate Commission and its effoots on the railways— he makes tho astounding statement that the bill gives the Interstate Commission powers over Par liament to interfere with the railway rates." Well, gentlemou, I will mako that astound ing statement oticu morn, aud I will read you that portion of tho bill whioh is perfectly plain to iny mind. This is a cooy of tho draft Commonwealth Bill published by the Government of Now South Wales. Dealing with the matter of railway rates, clause 103 fays: 44 Nothing in this constitution skull render unlawful imy rate for the carriago of goods upon a railway tho property of a State, if tho rate is deemed by tho Interstate Commission to be accessary for the develop ment of tho territory of tho State, aud if the rate applies equally to goods within the State uud to goods passiug into tho State from other States." If tho Inter state Commission fixes u rate by virtue of thut clause no otio oun take it off, but I for ouo object to any interference with the railway rates in Queensland until the Federal Govern ment nurchiisus tho railways uud make them federal property. Do we not know that every morning wo get up our railways arc losing £1.000. That is the amount wo lose every wovkiug day, aud T ask is it fair— is it reasonable— that woshouldgive this Interstate Commission n chance to further reduce our takings und create a still heavier loss? I think not : but wheu they como to us und purchase our railways, then, of course, wo will go to them for cheap rates. (Laughter.) What will it meun to us ? We all know how for years we made a very hard struggle to scouro tho Undo of tho south- western por tion of the colony, near tho Now South Wales border. A border tux was put upon wool for tho purpose of compelling what was really our loguiiuuto trade to noma dotvu our way, und thus increase our shipping and our trade. Well, we havo boeu successful in doing that. Wo have not only secured tho boncilts of tho trado from Cuimumulla and other western centres, but wo havo also scoured tho return trade us woll. Givo us federation, und all theso benefit uro lost to us. And yet Sir Samuel Griffith tolls us federation will havo tho result of inoreasing our trado. I say it will not, but, on tho other hand, it will dccrcnso our trado ; and what is tho uso of spending monov on harbour nnd river improvements if the trade is going to be wrested from us? Then again Mr. Doakin, in his rccont spccoh ut tho Exhibition, was vory anxious to make out that Queensland was to bo fairly doult with. Ho said, and emphasised it over and over again, that wo uro to be treated with absolute fairness. Now lot us just look atone or two things, und soo where the ubsoluto fairness ho talks about comes iu. It is pretty well known that under the Braddon blot olauso wo havo to surrender a quarter of our customs rovonuc, which tho Government will retain for thoir own purposes. What docs this amount to ? Weil, I have reckoned it up, por head of population just us wc stand now. I find that Now South Wales wiU contribute at tho rate of 5s. 1 Id. per head of population, and Queensland 13s. 3d. per head. Where does tho fairness como in ? Whcro is tho justice ? South Australia will contribute 7s. Od. por head, Tasmania 10s. lid., Victoria 8s. lid. Tho lowest, therefore, is 5s. lid., iu New South Wales, wliilo ours, tho highest, is 18s. 3d. Woll, gontloraon, if you can swallow that you can swallow a lot, (Laughter.) Of course X know this is only for tho first two years, until tho uniform tariff is established— then all tlio colonics aro to pay alike— but for thoso two years we shall have to pay moro at per head by £350,000 than tho rich colony of Now South Wales does. Then ugain thoy hold you out a bunoh of carrots and toll you wo aro going to got tho surplus buck/ Oh, . my goodness 1 (Laughter.) Inm like Mr. Groom— I havo novor known u Govornmont to hand a surplus back. Tho more they tax us tho more thoy will want. Now, I know you all liko to laugh, and X will just givo yoti a laugh. Mr Aloxandcr Brown, iu a speech at Newcastle recently, said tho talk about getting the surplus back reminded him of the story of tho yokel who was inspecting au elephant ou his visit to tbo city. The keeper invited him to give tho elephant hulf-a-orowu and soc him put it in a box, whioh was in tho cugo. Tho yokel did so uud the elophantput tue money | in tho box all right, but after a wliilo, us the antinal mude uo move to take it out again, he said to the keeper, 44 1 say. mister, ain't ho going to give mo my half-crown back?" "Oh, no," replied tho keeper, 44 wo don't tench him trick of that sort." (Laughtor.) Thou thoso gentlemen talked a lot about saving motioy on the iimuagamcnt of tho departments which would bo taken ovor by tho Federal Government. Mr. Deakin fold us that wo shull be ublo to do away with tho miHtotn-liouo« una post offices iu tho several State, aud huvo ono custom house und one post office. Now with regard to this mutter the committee appointed by the Now South Walos Governinont. to report upon federal fitmnco tnuy bo tukou to huve a vory good idea of what the result of transferring theso eorvices would bo, ami they say in thoir report : 4 4 At the outset it would appear as if tho amalgamation under ono administration would tend to effect savings, but it is.not prudent to rcokon ou any material savings ut present, because tho bulk of tho sorvicos, such as the post office, &e.;, will go on as now; whilo as to customs, until at any rate tho first so von years aro ovor, during whioh the bookkeeping sytora will prevail, it seoin highly probable rhnt the suino machinery will be required in each colony as at presont existing." They say wo are to savo by amalgamating theso j departments, but I nsk you. Can we dismiss one aiuglo clerk in the post office, or can we do . with ono operator less? There will bo no saving ou them at all, and besides that we have got to givo up our in dependence. Supposing you want a siuglo independent service of any kiud. youhuvo got to go to Melbourne to got it. You oannot got it without tbo permission of tho Postmaster- General, who wiU liro in Melbourne. Our Postmaster-General will change his namo and bo Minister for Ruilwaya or Minister for Education, or something of that kind. I know I would if I were in his placo. (Laughter.) Mr. Barron novor once referred to the abso lute certainty of tho heavy taxation. He refers, and in a most casual way, to our augur industry, by wayintr that thn Federal Parlia ment would have power to deal with the Pacific Islaud labour. Many of us do not liko black labour — (hear, hear)— and I am ono of these. At tho sumo time I think that tho most violent opponent of bluck labour will admit that our interests in this industry are vory great, ami that, wo cannot afford to havo thorn trifted with. (Hoar, hoar.) The ciimatio differences between north and south aro >uch (hat tho people in the south do not understand our needs, and it is only a fair and reasonable thing that wo should oither deal with this matter for ourselves, or get a limited timo fixed to work out thi business. Iu Queensland we have £10,000,1)00 invested in our sugar industry. Tho number of per sons employed in tho industrv, direct and indirect, is 30,000 or 40.000. The production from tlio oil is £1,860,000. That is too much to trust in tho hands of strangers. "Wo shall bo absolutely at the mercy of tho southern people. If you look at tho voting power yon will seo that Victoria, West Australia, nnd South Aus tralia combined hold 41 votes. That uiey be a vote or so out. but E run going as noiir as possible. Now South Wales and Queensland will havo 35 for both colonics. Whore would Queensland and New South Wales (supposing even that Now South Wales voted with us ontirely) bo agaiust thut voting power of people who havo a settled hostility to tho continuance of black labour? Can wo allow thin industry to bo interfered with ? I am quito willing to con cur if our Parliament to- niorr«w«ay.s wo niustdo away with bluck labour. Th«y understand what to do with it. Tlio growurs should bo allowed tu get uu extension of timo or it should be lefr. for us to deal with oui-koIvoh. (Api'luuse.) Now, gentleman, I lmvo given u tow words of warning aud caution to those employed in factories. Now, I shall say n tow words to the numerous body of peoplo in the civil service. I think wo should touch upon thut phase of the question, aud X will not trouhlo you imy inorc. A voice : Go on. # Mr. Uxau.ox : No, it is now get ting late aud X um trespassing on your good nature. Mr. Barton's advice is on it pur with that given about tho industries, tho weuko.sk must go to tho wall. Ho savs: " I want to quell some suspicions as to what is in the minds of soma of tho civil servants of tho colonics. Many civil servants want to kuow whothor, when tho departments aro tukon ovor, tho oxisting rights und salurie will continue. If they take tho S4th clauso of tho bill thoy will soo that all officers will lie subject to tho commonwealth eontrol. Officers not entering the service of tho commonwealth, und not getting an equal office, will be ontitled to resign on pension or commutation, or compensation, as if his office woro abolished. But any such officer retained in tho commonwealth will pro- serve all his accruing rights us if he served with his State. You lmvo us simple and just a provision as auyono could oxpeut in a matter of the kiud. X hco no reason to sup pose that promotion will bo affected according to tho phico a man lives in - (thut is where tho clovou hoof coiucs in) — ns justice must bo done nil round." Now, tho now Federal Ministry will bo com posed chiefly of southern men, and, if wo take Mr. Doakin's word, tho natural result must bo that a very largo number of civil servants will bo dismissed. If wo uccopt tlio uny-prioa federalists' voraiou, thut wo will effeot considerable saving under tho oue Gov ernment, thou it means either a re duction iu tho number of peraous oinploycd, or a reduction in thoir salaries. If the Federal Ministry is to bo oouiposed chiofly of southorn raeu, the fat billots will naturally go to thoso mon to whom tho southern men ouooso to givo thorn. All our men are struugors to thorn, and will get only tho littlo billets. And there will bo very littlo compensation to those who lmvo to relinquish thoir employ ment. Wo aro told that wo must swallow this bill us it. stands, or reject it. From my own ideas I say, reject it ten thousand times rathor than hwii-Uow it as it is. (Applause.) Do not bu afraid of the bugbear that thoy will not bo glad to havo you afterwards ou tho same terms. Queensland is tho catch of tho whole lot. (Applause.) Thoy will afterwards run after us and ask us for our own terms, and wo will then get moro equitublo and just terms, and if thn men who are at the helm in tho vuriouH colonies, and who have hud tho manipulation of this lawyer-ridden and iniquitous' bill will not givo us moro justice, wo will got othor men who will do it. (Applause.) MR. GROOM'S SECOND SPEECH. Mr. Geooh ugaiu addressed tho mooting as I follows : There are one or two points which Mr. Unmuck has kindly rennllod to mo. It wus quito an overnight of mine that I did not refer to the mutter of tho limiting industry on the Downs, us I havo it on my notes, and upon which I can speak from personal know ledge. X told you that Sir Thomas MT1- wraitli iu 1892 strengthened his protective tariff by a duty on mult of 4s. 6d., tor tlio express purpose of giving the farmers an opportunity of growing malt, aud cstuhlteliing such an industry in Queensland. Perkins nnd Co. proved to demoimtrution ou tho Downs that first-class malt can be grown there. A malting establishment has been erected thero at a cost of £6,000. You would bo astounded — ns I was— at its enormous proportions. Thoy sont a maltster down to New Zoalend to buy 80,000 bushels of b.trtojr. I saw 32, 000 bushels of that barley stacked in that piano. Now, when I toll vou that tho maltsters thoro are prepared to Jivu rhe farmer 4s. wink for it landed in tho store, you will understand tho value of the industry and what it is likely to grow to. It is likely to grow to hundreds of thousands of pounds, and tho business men of Brisbane and the oolony will derivo their share of tho benefit. But abolish the tariffs and Victoria cau innndate us with their produce, and the malt- itig-houses must be elosocl. Another thing, one of tho strongest points which evory man iu this room should carry away is this: This afternoon in Parliament wo wore called upou to voto on tho second schodnlo of tlio Enabling Bill, which is practically the same as voting ou tho Commonwealth Kill in its entirety. Parliament is called upou to vote for, carry through all its stages, a bill which we havo had no hand, act, or part .in making, without being able to mako any amondmont. Read British history and thero is no \ arallol case. From tho days of Cromwell (whoso tercentenary has recoiitiy boeu celebrated throughout Great Britain) to the presont day you will search tbo' records oE Parliament iu vain to find a caso whore a Parliament has been usked to pass a bill without tho power of amonding ib. Yob that was practically what was being donoin Queensland. (4< No no.") We had a conference of Premiers, called tho secret conference of Premiers. Quoonshuid's Protoivr was uno of them. After sitting in soiemu couclnvo for 60 or 70 hours, all Mr. Dickson could ex tract from tho brotherly love and ' affection of our southern friend was that tho senator would bo elected in threo electorates, southern district, central district, northern district. "West Australia insisted that tho tariff should remain uudisiurbcd for five years before tho uniform tariff and inter colonial freetrado wus to bo established, and doinandod and obtained a clause that inter colonial duties should exist tor five years, ho that her farmers and manufactures euuhl havo a reasonable timo to prepare for the now conditions. If Mr. Dick son had only done as West Aus tralia had anno, und insisted on such it clause, ho would bnvo done some good for us. This is my contention. Tho Premier of Queensland hud the ball at his feet. The other colonies wanted Queensland to join with them. Ilo couhl huvo said. 44 Woll. put Queensland on the same tooting as West Australia. Givo tho farmers aud manuiuc- turers of Queensland fivo years, after thn passing of the uniform tariff, to reap the full benefits of tho oxtering Queensland mi-liV.'' If Mr. Dickson had secured that for Queens- laud it would havo been a concession of value. ( Hear, liear.) But, uo. All ho could exact from tho other Premiers wus the division of Queensland into threo electorates tot tho uleeliou of senators. What does it matter whether Queensland bo ouc or three for suuh a purpose? What wus of consequence was the protection of our existing interests, so fill as our tariff is concerned. (Cheers.) Now wo nro asked to voto for a schodnlo which contains a complete bilJ, and this afternoon iu the House it was sought to ho proved that no amendment could bo moved in tho bill, or if muvud, it could not Ihj accepted. Such a procedure is unheard of. It. is rojilly giving up tho existence of Parliamentary procedure, and tho rights of private members. I udeavoure.f to . vindicate our Parliament as tho' people's representatives. The matter was being defeated when I loft the House m ,. hero, and I do not know tho dncidou arrived sit. Mr, J. D. Campbi'iLL, M.L.A, : 7t was ruled that amendments could he moved. Mr. ano»5t: W ml, C am glad to hoar it, heeuuHoif the amendments ware not accooted they would ho plucod ou record, and would ho of uso in otlmr ways. If this hill is farced upon tho peoplo by sheer force of numbers, representations will lmvo to bu mado to thu imperial Government and Parliament1. If wo cannot obtain satisfaction from our owu Parliament, wo cau nppoal to mid ohrniu it from tho Imperial Parliament. (Applause.) Mil. GREGORY'S LETTER. Mr. Henry Burton, in moving a vote of thanks to the Mayor tor presiding, said time the Hon. A. 0. Gregory was suffering from uu nttnok ot\ influenza, and was therefore unahlo to uttond-the meeting. Tlio venerable gentleman had. lioxvover, sont a paper which embodied some of his views on tho subject of tbo Federation Bill. Tho paper is uh follow ; Federal Constitution Bill. It is not necessary to enter into tho history of the Federation Bill, which is tbo subject for our consideration, except to brtefly advert to the fact that it was originated by Mr. Roid, tho Premier of Now South Wales, ami forced through tho Parliament of that oolonv, and that our Premier (Mr. Dickson) Ium promised Mr. Ileid to press the Purliumont of Queensland to adopt on tho principle of "The bill, tho whole bill, aud nothing hub tho bill," and lias taken measures for restrinlinj? the discussion of itsdotiiilsby tuokins.' it ns ii schedule to nn Uiniblin Bill for ils reference to u vote of tho peoplo. 'Hie ques tion of most impurtnneo is, wluit ore tim real provision- of this bill whioli will nftVot thw colony if wo adopt it? In tho first place tho I'ctlornl Government is to tnke over tho collection of our oustoms nnil oxoiso, amounting- to £1,330,000, and to retain ono fonrtb. £330.000, for fodur.il purposes, und to return tlireo-fourths. £1.000,000, to Quoonsland. This is not. only equivalent to paying out of our rovonuo £330,000, but ' it involves tbo dismissal of uny or nil of tbo pre sont staff of tlio customs and excise department!) without compensation, and re- placing tbom 'by oiHoers from Sydnoy mill .Melbourne, Tho Fodoral Government is oinpowered by tlio hill to tako from tho States, any of tbo departments of t hb public scrvi> o (cxcopt railways), and may removo or l-epla « uny part or tho wholo'of tho staff of officmlt. una thoro can be littlo doubt it will fee presBcd by a hoab of southern oan- didatos to create vaoanoies for thom to fill. Tho bill provide that tho lmv of the States at the timo of federation shall coutinue 111 force, but the Federal Governinoufc muy repeal nuy Rueb law and enact now laws. That it may impose taxation of any descrip tion und raise loans on tho Kacnrityof tho general rovouuc, and thus doprivo tho States of tho power to raise any further loans for tlio construction of puolio YVorlcs or the extension of railways. Iu Queens land tho expenditure from loans fur public works has for some years exceeded 4il,0n0,000 per annfim. aud a the colony could not raiso any future loan in consequence of the Federal Government having taken over this power, aud further that tho Statos by clauses 107, 103 nro liable to huvo any Acts for eeouring the future payment of interest or tho principal on account of a loan sot aside by tbe Federal Govonnnont, it follow that nil expenditure in excess of rovomm must bo discontinued. This cessation of un expendi ture of £1,000,00U per annum on railway and public work must throYV out of employ ment several thousand peraons, not only thoso who are actually engaged on the public work-, but also thoso engaged 111 providing supplies. "But there w 11 muoh etoro serious financial difficulty whioh will Arise if yvo accept tho bill. The revenue for tho last complete fiminoiul year, 1B97-9S. wo £3 7«58 000. The expenditure £3.747,000, bhuwing a batonce of £21,000, so that o far ns ordinary revenue and expenditure weru oou- semed tho ftuauciul position was satisfactory. But if tho sum of £330,000 had to bo trans ferred to tho Fedoral Government, it create a deficiency of £300.000. IIoyv could this defi ciency be met. It must either be by additional .taxation, or by decreasing tlio expenditure. Additional taxation is not likely to pro-iueo a sufficient amount, as tho unavoidable discon tinuance of loan expenditure would greatly reduce the productive resources of tho colony, and it is almost certain that Un hcderal Gov ernment would bo also levying tsixes on property and income, such as aro now iu force in New South Wales, ami the burthen would lie intolerable. A reduction in expenditure iv, mid imnvoidabivinvolve imnortnntdeoreases iu staff and salaries of tho civil service, whil tho groatc-t possible reduction would bo insufficient to meet tho aoficiency of £300,000. Ono thing, however, is curtain, that if Queensland fails to pay tho interest on its loan debt, now amounting to £1,325,000 per annum, proceeding Yvill bo taken by the bondholders to luTvo receivers appointed to collect tho mouey duo by the Ckdoniul Treasury. And this may even imperil tho doposifcs'of tho Government Savings Bntilc, a disaster which would bn severely felt bv tlio 50,000 depositors. Wo havo been informed by Brisbane manufacturer that the nooimon 01 protective uur-iu win uuiiiput iuvm to close their factories and dismiss hundreds of their employee. The Queensland farmer will have the protective a uuy ou breadstuff: removed, so that tlio southern colonies .may flood the market at lowur price than ho can produce them. And yvo aro told by southern federalists that if our industries cuunot com pote with theirs in a freo market tlio sooner they perish Iho bettor. In Victoria the Government havo suggested an excise duty on cauo sugar, which is essentially a Queensland production. Now what advantages does federation under the hill offer in return for tho sacrifices wo are to make. 1, That \vo may call ourseh'os "Australians." but yvo do so now, and can also do so in future without paving for tho right we already possess. 2. That tlio border duties will bo abolished, and that etoi'-k and produco will pass freo to tho southern markets of Sydney and Melbourne. Thso border duties are not, hoYvever, paid by the Quconsland producer of «tonk. but by tho consumer in Sydney and Melbourne ; und the sumo applies to our sugar, as it is tho consumer who ha to pay the duty. 3. It i asserted that our loan dobts could be I converted to stock paying lowor interest. The reply is that as tnc Queensland debentures have still from 15 to 47 years to run, they could not bo convortcd to advantage. \Vc are told that we shall lmvo freo aceo.-s to tho southern markets, but as th>»so markets are overstocked with local produco it would not be possiblo for tho Queensland producer to compere Yvitli longer carriage and iho low- price contingent on cheaper labour than is yet availublo in .Qneonsland. Mr. lleid has asserted that the cost of go\ortimcnfc will be reduced because under tho federal constitution tho State Governments and Parliaments will be so completely crushed that they Yvill soon cease to exist and thero will be one Federal Government for tlio whole of Australia, aud that Sydney and Melbourno wiil bo th« gov erning centres of authority. The qucsrion, therefore, is : Aro Queunslandors prepared to' surrender their present riirnt of soif-guvern- mont and return to the control of a legislature dominated by Now South Wales ami Victoria, or do thoy still possuas sutlioinnt patriotism and Kelr'-confidonce to conrinuo tho manage ment of their own Govcmm nt ? The voto of thanks to tho Mayor was carried by acclamation, and tbo meeting, whioh hud been an admirable ono throughout, terminated with cheers for tho speakers. 