Agent-General. Annual Report for 1898. The report of the Agent-General of Queens land for the year 159s, was laid before Parliament on Friday, and is chiefly remark able for the fact that it is the longest ever presented by an Agent General for this colony. Sir Horace Tozer prefaces his resume of the year's work by mentioning that he entered upon the duties of bis new office on April 29 of last year. The following is a condensed reprini of the report:— ~~ KvTosiTioy. There have been fewer nominated emigrants despatched during last year than in 1S97; nevertheless tnurh useful work has been performed in widely ais | seminatiDg information about our colony, | and. as a result, the monthly . steamers to Queensland have carried a greater number of foil-paying passengers than u?ual. The Board of TVadc emigration returns show that there has been a decrease in the number of passengers of British origin who left the Unite • Kingdom for p aces beyond Europe as compared with 1S97, the total being 140,630, as against 146,460. There was a decrease to the United States of 4,922. and to the Cape and Natal of 1,314. while Australasia show a decrease of 1.356, British North America shows an increase of 2.094. All other places show a decrease of 333. Daring, the year passages were engaged for 421J statute adults, equal to 454 souls. All the Government passengers were nominated emigrants, except one man in the first steamer, who was a full-payer at the reduced rate, which had just ceased, and one girl in the last hteamcr. who was a tree emigrant. The full-payers in the saloon and steerage have been added to show the number of persons who went to the colony during the year by the B.I. line of steamers. The total number wan 780 6ou!?, equal to 7101 statute adulrs. A Queensland blackfellow and his gin were also cent out, who arc not included in the abore numbers. A Queensland family named Watson, from Paraguay, consisting of 5 ton's, equal to 3 statute adults, were also gent out in the steamer Orotava, on November 11. but as their fares were to be repaid to the Govern ment they are not included in the above list. The social condition of the nominated emi grants was: Married men, 24 ; married women. 38; single men, 151; single women, 184; children between 1 and 12 years of age, 53 ; and infants, G.- Their nationalities were: English, 165: Scotch, 44: Irish, 201 ; Germans, 20; Italians, 0; Banes, 10; and Swedes, 8. The collections od saving* bank account from passengers proceeding to the colony amounted in the- year to £889 as against £1,425 in the previous year. During the year Mr. G. Banaall has beau actively engaged in advertiring Queensland, and doing everything possible to promote emigration to the colony. Mr. Randall had arranged for the representation of Queens land at the following shows during 1898: Alexandra Palace, Somerset County Show. Devon County Show, Bath and West Counties Show. Royal Corn wallSociety'aShow, Birmingham Royal Society's Show, High land and Agricultural Society of Scotland's show. Northumberland County Show, York shire Show, Leicester County ^how.iSossex ] County Show; Staffordshire County Show, ! Bakers' and Confectioners' Exhibition (Isling ton), Grocers* and Provision Merchants' Ex hibition (Islington^, Islington Dairy Show. Norfo k Kafc Stock Show, Smithfield Club Fat Cattle Show, Farnhara Fat Stock Show. (Details of Mr. Randall's work have uppeared m the Telegraph m the form of monthly reports from time to time daring the year.) * EMIGRATION AGENTS. Acting upon a cablegram received from tho Queensland Government on December 28.1897, the Agent-General caused a circular letter to be sent to nearly 1,001) agents throughout the United Kingdom, notifying that free and assisted passages would be issued to domestic servants and agriculturists of a desirable class, and setting forth the conditions under which the passages would be vranted. Scanmsatian Ekiqbitios. It will' be remembered that in the last report of this department it was stated that preliminary steps were being taken to pro* mote ^migration of full-paving1- pa*.songors from Norway, Sweden, and Denmark by the translation of literature into the Scandmavioo languages for gratuitous distribution by agents. Mr. August Larson was appointed on ilur to continue this work actively, and directed to proceed to the countries abovenamed on a three weeks' tour to personally interview emigration agents there, and report on the best way of conducting operations, Mr Larson visited Copenhagen, Maimo, Stock- holm, Cbrisliama. and Gothenburg, and on his return furnished a full report of his work with certain recommendations. the principal one being the appointment of a certain number of head ageuts in the different districts of Scandinavia to supervise and control subagents in their respective districts. These recommendations were adopted. Mr. Larsen made a second journey (September 10 to October 8) to personally interview the agents and make them thoroughly acquainted with the requirements of the Government, and so enable them to reply to many inquiries at once, without reference to the A gent-G eneral. It must be remembered that before rbis year there wn not in Scandinavia one person in a hundred thousand, of the class the colony required, possessing any knowledge of Queensland, and even people who want to emigrate look with suspicion on any place they are not familiar wjth. It mast take some time before these people get confidence in and become familiar with a ucw country. When people begin to write home and tell their friends that they are satisfied with tho condition of things in the colony, then only will emigration from Scandinavia become very important. In America there aro 2,000,000 Scandinavians, and nearly every body who emigrates there knows that he will meet with frisud* and relatives. It is not so with our colony at present. Tho greatest obstacle is the espouse of reaching Queens land. Manv go to Canada and America on acconnt of tho low price of the passage. Canada has worked the Scandinavian field systematically by advertisements for six or seven years, and has now a good portion of the emigration therefrom. If it could be possible for emigrants to go to Queensland for the same price at which tliey vain now go to Canada, it would be possible to attract many persons to her shores who now go elsewhere. The Agent-General. sirs ho is convinced that Scandinavia is not only an excellent, but the best field for Queensland to obtain emi grants from in future. Toero aro no people in Europe who emigrate so largely as the Scandinavians, because it is hard for them to get on in their own countries, where tho soil is poor; they arc familiar with the idea of emi gration, nearly every man having friends or relatives abroad. * Tho first fuil-paying passenger from Scan dinavia, as the result of the work there, was a Swede, who 'went to the colony on July 27. He was followed by three Swedes on Septem ber 28. one Dane and a Danish woman on October 28, two Norwegians and one lady and a child on November 9.- making a total of 11m- adults for the year. Theso per-om» booked tbeir passages through tho agents, bnt others may have gone to tho colony who took their tickets elsewhere. This result may not seem very considerable, but the work from May 1 to December 31 must bo considered almost of a preparatory nature. . Italian Noionaiiohs. Forty Italians have been nominated for pastures to Qaecm-laud. but up to the present it has not been possible to arrange for a steamer to call at any Italian port for them Sir Horace Tczer hopes shortly to arrange with the Orient Company, or soma other, to cany them at a reasonable rate. Mr. Finucane, who ba* given much atten tion to the question of Italian emigration, finds that he can obtain many very desirable peasant formers who would bo willing to emigrate provided sumo inducements other than that of cheap land could be offered them. He al«o says that he can get any number ot splendid girls from North Italy for domestic servants, if the temporary inconvenience arising from an imperfect knowledge of Eng lish would be no ob«taelo. Expert cultivator** of grape vines and cxperieucod wmcmaker* can be procured if gocd wages are guaranteed. It seems -ucb men are in demand in their own country at good wages. ana therefore rpccial inducements must he offered so as to attract th**m to Queensland. Mr. Fmucano also informed tho Agent-General that the Minister for Commerce and Agricul ture in Italy bad sent . for him not long ago to consult with him as to what ! facilities the Queen-land Government would I offer if a colonisation ccbeme were put on foot. About the sumo time he saw several gentlemen, possessing capital, who were very ! anxious to acquire land in Queensland with tho view of forming small Italian settlement which, under certain conditions, thoy could maintain and manage. These capitalists were in accord with tho Minister of Commerce and Agriculture, and received his support. At tho interview with the Minister, Mr. Finucane explained the system or acquiring land under onr present laws, but the Minister appeared >-0 enthusiastic with the idea that he requested Mr. Finucane on his return to Australia to consult with Commandatoro Cortc, the Italian consul-general in Australia. And with the Prime Minister of Queensland, to see what could bo done, and especially wishedhim to renort to him on the matter. LTTERATtniB A?a> Auvzetising. Tho various pamphlets issued by the Agent-General for diatriburion in the United Kingdom are referred' to in dotail. and the various means adopted for advertising I Queensland are fully described. Reference it* also made to the efforts of certain individuals and newspapers to dissnndo- intending ezni | grants from starling for Queensland. i Govmannan? Ikdekts.. Dutails. of, Govommcnt indent® cxoontod through tho Agcnt-GeaeraPs Offlco, together with freight and shipping returns, am given. Hxlxtijiy Advtsbb. On the death of Lieutenant-colonel J. F. Harmnn, R.A., arrangements were made with Lioufermnt-ealoncl Eden M. Bakor. R.A.. to carry on tho work of military adviser and inspector of wardko storoa tem porarily, pending the appointment of Colonci Hut-man's successor, hut on Colonel Gordon being selected by the majority of tho colonics to perform the work for one year. Colonel linker intimated on July 2o time ho was un able to continue tbo appointment a" regards Queensland and New Zraluud alone, as being on the active list ho could not draw nny pay from Imperial foods whilst so employed, and would therefore suffer pecuniary loss. The Crowu agents for the colonics were [ accordingly asked whether tkoy had non objection to their military adviser acting for Queensland and New Zealand in tho inspoc I Hon of military stores, A-c.. and their consent | being obtained, arnuigeraeii's were made with Unjor-geucrul E. Harding Steward. C. M.G.. late Rojnl Engineer* (who porfrninctj tho work of military adviser for the Queens land Government some yearn ago until it was decided to appoint an officer on tho active list) to perform the duties temporarily. { CoaQfEBCXAL Reference is made to tho work performed by Mr. W. Finucaue as commercial agent for Quecushmd in southern Europe. Returns of the imports into tho United Kingdom of hve cattlc, sheep, and horses, also or frozen meat, batter, and other Queensland produce are given. i Floods nr Brtsbake River. The name ot Colonci J. Pcunyeuick of the Royal Indian Engineering College, having been giveu to tho Agent-General as one of the very highost authorities on the subject of doling with flood waters, ho approached that i gentleman with a view to his submitting a 'complete scheme for tho prevention of floods in tho Quocnslaud rivers. Colonel Ponny euick found that it was impos>iblo for him to make a personal visit to tho colony for the pnrpose, but all possible data was accordingly furuished him. ana on October 10 ho sub mitted a brief'outlino of his proposed scheme, making certain suggestions, which was duly ; forwarded to tbo colony. ArP01KTJCE&1S OFNoSf COSDHSSIOXED OmtCEE3. Tho following non-cumnrs-inncd officer* were nominated by the War Office for service with the Queensland Defence Force: Corporal Albert Harry Wales. ti.A,. as battery ser geant-major, Queensland Permanent Artil lery ; left in tho s s. Oruba on April 29.1898 Colour-sergeant G. B. Church, 2nd Battalion domcrsetshiro Light Infantry, *s sergeant-' instructor of Infantry: sailed for the colony in the s.s. Oruba on April 29. 1898. Lance sergeant Albert Smith, as militaty staff clerk; sailed in tho s.s. Orizaba, which loft London on July 22. Extrsdeture. Thcsumof £13,848 whs paid to Her Majesty fi Admiralty as . Queensland's contribution towards tho Australian -quadron, and £3.270 on account of coastal surveys. Sum-* of. £5,015 18s. Sd. and £5.103 Ms. 8d. were paid to the Bank of England for tbo manage ment of inscribed stock to December 31, 1897. ! and Juno 30. IS98, respectively. Tbo dis I bursemcnts from tbo Queensland Government | Agent-General's account current for the 1 year amounted to £-6,340 2s. lOd. for general I purposes, and £126,49S 1b. lOd. for indents, making a total expendituro through the ofBco of £180,975 ISs. COBBESrOXUEKCB. The number of letter*. parcels, &c.;, which passed through the office during the year were:— Reed. Des. Government despatches and telegrams... •• «• 1,207 1,363 Ordinary letters recorded .» 6,G20 Ordinary letters .. . •. ■ • —; 13,490 Emigration letters ., .. 4,320 — Emigration letters, printed • matter, and parcels ,, — 55,371 Total .. .. .. 11,147 70.214 Posrccirr. Necessity for Department.—Tho foregoing I report has, continues Sir Horace Tozer, been ' prepared, in accordance with previous practice, by the secretary of this department, - Mr. | Dickcn. but doubtless on this occasion you | may expect some general observations from j myself. I notice that it has been questioned I whether there exists uny nccea-ity for the; continuance of this department at all, or if so, with any such officer as myself as its head. ; To determine this question properly the best coarse for mo is to defino tho general nature of the work as it has been performed during the past 11 months, and from a careful considera tion of what has been done—altogether independently of tho fact that every colony with responsible government baa a similar and staff in this metropolis—I think yon can arriro at no other conclusion than that the department Is a result of necessity so long as the imperial connection continues, our loau indebtedness and requirements remain, good* and material arc purchased, and peoplo and capital are required from hero. Agent-General's Duties.—Amidst multi farious details in practice I havo fouud that what is required of myself is— 1\. To carry out the statutory duties rmposod on me by tbo Immigration Aot of 1882 and Amendment Acts of 1884, 1886, and 1887, whicb include tho negotiation of tho best arrangements for tho transport of emigrants, the selection of only such freo emigrants as aro likely to roiuru foil val'io to the colony for tho monoy invested in their p*ssago, tho moafiuro of pecuniary assistance to bo given to individual farmers in aid of their passago, the systematic distribution of knowlodgo of the colony's resources and prospects by means of literature, lecturers, and personal addresses by myself, economical organisation of anoncica, at ■ all mamur of advertising- media for for & ing emigration of the right kind. .. 2\. To represent tho colony in all its t ooriouK with the Colonial Office. 3\. To attend to its financial arrange* with the Bank of England and local bat see that tho interest on both debenture inscribed vtock is provided and punc! !t*P paid, and that all liabilities of tbo colo; I every account mc promptly met. csF 4\. To represent the colony at nil confet and other consultative gatherings—citfc Great Britain or on the European contia in which tho political, material or i Ar* interests of tho colony are involved. { r?D o. To attend regularly hc the ofiice fa tj?c purpose of giving full and reliable infj {I?? tion in regard to the colony's Industrie ji prospects, tviih a view to tho inve-tni i1?; capital and for maintaining its credit, i examine and promptly answer all coratnt tions for information and advice. . ; t G. To assist producers and their con cial agents to obtain the highest price £ j-I", imports from the colony. > . 7\. To arrange fortho representationc ^ colony at all exhibitions, and particnia ^n5S explain the liberal provision of tho Ian t mining laws with a viow to eucourngii investment of capital. ' ^ 8\. To. arrange the best system ft j, purchase of material and stores by comp *.03 tender, for proper inspection and for for £ «n ing at tho most reasonable rates, and f ^1U adjustment of all disputes which nny at connection with such purchases. . 9\. To represent tho various departi ^ of tho Executive Government of the colo >jie all matters specially referred by them ti which this year have included the arbiti jjQ] in connection with tho Casuarina dn negotiations for the settlement of dh rflp connected with tho steamer Premier Postal Conference; the conference on c tology, hydrology, and medical geolo; Liege; tho conference on the preparuti a catalogue of scientific literature in Lor contcrence in regard to tho coinage of si conference concerning tho Pacific cable flood water prevention sclfrme, and the j |^t tion of Colonel Pcnnycuick: the appoint jLr of military adviser and inspector and> military officers; thd engagement of jgfl Bates as adviser on Queensland hafejj rvquiremenw; the appointment of loconra^ engineer, Mr. Nisbet: the inspectira^ Antwerp of the Beta dredges at work,Ik • tho chock inspection of the effective xk£ this system of dredges; the SugarBocfi?-; Conference; Earl's Court Exhibition; Ajfe Club Commercial Exhibition, Crystal Pa£f. exhibition of leather, and conferences! • Mr. Pixmeane and Mr. Heussier on | respeorive commercial missions in Eat»'-1 &c.;, &c; , Ac. In addition to this, I gave special! [* drosses: At Nottingham, to the public al jrF Mechanics' Institute; at Westminster, £ cf Technical Collego students ; at the B r. Colonial Institute, to members and trie ar the Imperial Institute, to tho public r Haggerston, to working men; at Edgi road, to working men: at tho Hons Commons committee-rooms, to member r Parliament on sugar bounties; ac the i ^ hall. Cannon street, city, to commercial j ^ on sugar bounties as affecting the Qui ^ laud sugar industry: attheunnuiilQucend ^ dinner; at the Bolborn Restaurant, to G; salesmen of the colonial section of Sraithf Heat Market at their annual celebration . tho Australasian Club on their oj ^ ing in tho city; at the Articlo t ^ commercial debates on four pccasf *. on the subjects of compulsory ^ i ^ tration, patent laws, value of exhibit: and sugar bounties, and took sorao lent -QJ parts in numerous other public function G( tho representative of Queensland; at ' Royal Colonial Institute, on tho New Gu : * di*cus>ion. • From this you trill be ablo to form a j >£. idea whether, somo Agent-General shouli here or not- My own opiuion is tha . Queensland is to bold its proper p • amongst tho colonics of the empire, the t : paratively Hmall expense of this departs " is money presently wisely made, and I w go even so far as to offer you my experia that even if tho commonwealth is oonstih • under tho present constitution, tho Hp interest of Queensland in regard to ma ^ not affected by the constitution will ^ require a general agency in this metro; involving an expenditure whiob, after pending with the salary of Atrcnt-Geo g will not admit of much farther redactim a efficient administration. - ^ Departmental Estimates.—In condn I cannot refrain from expresring: ^ rotrrct that tho important work • ^ by this department is not suffici ^ rccoimiscd or appreciated in the colon] ^ feel anro that tho want of sympathy q, generally displayed by members of tho b fative Assembly, when tho estimates fo rj efficient maintenance aro submitted to t ^ each rear, can only arise from tho very ;j( sufficient information given thorn. At c rimo of the general retrenchment I*;i party to tho "pruning" of this cflfo and I havo more than once submitted^ estimates to the Assembly; but ijj I camo hero and saw for myself ^ work done by the staff I had no adequate i j of its volume nor iraportunco. From my tfl observations J am now enabled to girt ;B opinion which Iussumo my long experi ^ of departmental work in the colony- I'j, entitlo mo to give with some weight authority—that tho colony is not more f« ^ fully served by any branch of its civil sei l\g tlmn by tho general stuff «>f this office, ;•£ that in point of efficiency and ecouotu ? j compares most favourably with any < colonial depariinent in London. The rcg ■ annual cost of the department in brunches does not exceed £5,000, inola ril the Balary paid myself. ~ • * Officer*.—I would liko to add a few ** taurd* about tho individual officer*. Tfcoy ■labour under the great disadvantage of distance, but are hopeful that their 'coses when known will now rooeive some consideration. Mr. Diokcn. after ^27 years* service (and without even tho ^unofficial notice which local officers had), wits ^Kin 1893 unexpectedly reducoa irora £8l)0 to I£540, and though this has ainno been ^gradually rcsiored to £700. he now receives ■%—after 33 years' service—£100 a yo«rlt'Bs |than ho did nearly twenty years ago. I know _iho duties of almost all officers still receiving ;£$G0, ana I can confidently stato tho work And responsibility hero and tho ability 'generally displayed by Mr. Dickon <-om ;parea most favourably with any of •ithese, and entitles him to the ^remuneration he previously got. - With the 'classified public service list before me I urn isunablo .to discover the name of any officer Awho. for length of service, ability, energy, 'and loyalty, could hotter fill any position in ^tlio ordinary divisi .n of the service than Mr. Dickon. Not only is the work worth tho : salary previously paid, especially after i many years of service, but I find that the \- cost of living in London is necessarily com* "paratively much higher than in Queens and. Vcortainlr for any person holding tho position of a first-class officer in the public service. 1 can only staro that I find in my own experi ence the £l.u0o received in Brisbane won* y tur'hcr than the sum paid mo hero It scctn* •cf un anomaly that the foreman ox a skilled |£branch of tho service recently appoinrcd, and doubtless mosi qualified, received on entry into the service £l.uuOuyear. whilst tbeaecretaria., £bead of thi> office, one of great responsibility, land held by a professional gentleman of such 'long service, is allowed to remain at the re duced Hilary of £700 a year, whilst this in also subject to a heavy, income tax. Witb regard to the junior members of tho general stuff, I have made such recommendations to tho Government aa will, I hope, rcceiv**! favourablo consideration ut their bandsi 11 urn sure Parliament will, when acquainted with the facts, make a ju«t and liberal pro ■vision for men who. by their location here, are debarred from the ordinary chances ot ^promotion in the scrvide. and will at any rate 'not allow married men uf mature years witli a good record to toil in this office after 21 and 13 years' scrvico for tho comparatively .-mall ^'salary of £100 a year whilst undertaking ^responsible duties. 