"Dffisccllaneotas. BH TUodftrthis heading 16 words prepaid arc i»- BH ftertod once for 6ii.; three conaecntiro tiinca, la. B CONTINUED MOM PAGE 10. tt. \\\7 ANTED Buyer, horse, fipringoart, and T t harness, £0: hurnosa liorse, good in B plo»Kh, j>i iq8< Pickering, Tnrbot street!' WANTED Sell, two second-hand ralli . carts, pony phaoton, waggonette, jjonycart, and sulky. Troy, Elizabeth street, ANTED to Sell, small Engineering and Electrical Business, with goodwill, as B ' agoing concern: price, £350, or will sell lopurately. Chandler, Grand-Arcade, B WT ANTED Price, labour and material, for jB 1 V repairs and painting shop at Hamilton. WW Apply C. Newton, Benstcad's Boarding-house, 6ppo8ito Gcddes, Birt's, Stanley street. \\\J ANTED Known, Sums from £50undup- H| t V wards immediately available at 6 per cent on approved securities ; no commission charged. S. Hawgood, jun., George street. WANTED Known, Wm. Street, Jane street, West End. South Brisbaue, H exterminates white ants, certain cure, insures buildings against pest. Gallon liquid cure, 6s.: -tins powder, Is. (id., 2s. 3d. Use it and H save property. WANTED to Buy light, full cut-under, hooded Waggonette, turnout com- plcte, horse must bo quiet and stanch, the H whole in good and presentable order. Chas. J. Rode, Commission Agent, Brunswick H street, Valley. WANTED Purchasers for stylish easy- riding three-spring pony Sulky, faith- H fully built, workmanship guaranteed, a H bargain ; also second-hand Dogcart, cheap. B. Tovcy, Coaohbuildcr, Newstcad Hnll, H Breakfast Greek-road. WANTED to Lend, £6 upwards, on furniture, pianos, without removal : weekly or montlilv payments ; also, on Free- H| hold securities : lowest interest. John H Wilson, Australian Chambers, next to Aus- W traiian Hotel, Queen street. WANTED Known, are you aware that Herr Rassmussen, the celebrated W Danish Herbalist, of 547 George street, W Sydney, is now also established at 1(50 Queen H street, Brisbane ? Correspondence strictly H .confidential; remedies guaranteed herbal. - WE beg to notify our customers and the public that, to keep pace with our increasing trade, we are having erected ex- H tensive premises (which are ncaring coniplc- H , tion) in George street, near Queen street. H We have several shipments of the latest im- H provements in household furniture to arrive H shortly from the kinglish and American inar- kets, which we wilfi be able to sell at our usual H low prices. Wo are selling household furni- H lure, toiletware, crockery, glassware, &oM; at B Dur Woolloongabba establishment very cheap for cash or easy terms. F. Trittou, Wool- loongabha. B fS 100 or olfor wanted for 72 perches Laud, B near Chelmer station, splendid building B Bite. Chuudler, Grand Arcade. ( jT 175, nice Property, four-roomed Cottage, e>& 315 perches, near tram terminus, West B End. Chandler, Grand Arcade. B jO300, For Sale, House, seven rooms and B bathroom, on Mowbray terrace, East B Brisbaue. Chandler, Grand Arcade. £5 per acre, Farms from 5 acres, adjoiniug railway, near Runcorn station, good Agricultural land. Chandler, Grand Arcade. B Oo00, House, seven rooms, Spring Hill, live B && minutes from Queen street ; also, for B £400, House, eight rooms, large allotment, off B Gregory terrace. Chandler, Grand Arcade. £130 wanted for House, live rooms, two ' allotments, at Coorparoo ; £200 forfive- zoomed House, 30 perches laud, near Too- wong station ; £100 for four-roomed Cottage, 19 perches laud, main Lutwvche road. HB Chuudler, Grand Arcade. B jQl25, 1 0 Acres, splendid black soil, all B ©W- fenced, partly cleared, 6»V miles , from town, u real bargain, main road. H. Bone, Stanley street, Woolloongabba. 140, Wyuuuui, four-roomed House, stable, B ©w tank, stove, with all furniture ; close to W jetty, high ground ; torms if required, H. |B Bone, Stanley street, Woolloongabba. B QbO, EairyKnowe Estate, Eiusfc Brisbaue, B ©W single Allotments, also Blocks of two, three, and four allotments, grand building site's ; cheap. H. Bone, Agent, Woolloon- gabba. B jP 110, Wolsley street, Woolloongabba, four- B && roomed Cottage, tank, stove, fowl house, 20 perches handy to trams ; easy terms, a bargain. H. Bone, Agent, Woolloon- gabba. P400, nicely finished House, six rooms, ©w bath, hall, painted throughout, gas and water, best part of East Brisbane, corner ; a W reasonable oner will be entertained. H. Bono, Stanley street, Woolloongabba. P 10 to £5,000, Money to Loud in sums to B ©O suit borrowers ; low rates. Blocksidge, W Agent, Woolloongabba. jp ICO, Stanley street, Potts's paddock, Allot- mcnts 11 and 12, only £160. good in- vestment. Blocksidge, Agent, Woolloongabba. H p275, East Brisbane, centrally situated, W otj quarter-acre block, six-roomed House, terms C percent. Blocksidge, Woolloongabba. ' ploO, Longlar.ds street, East Brisbane, ct' superior fivo-i- oomcd House, btick chimney, tanks, town water, Blocksidge, Woolloongabba. WW p 235, Woolloongabba, comfortable dwelling pw House, five rooms, hath, two tanks, stove, conveniently situated, terms. Block- H eidgo, Woolloongahbu. |H . i? 30, Prospect Terrace, choice corner Allot- ,cV ment ; realhargain ; open for one week. Blocksidge, Agent, Woolloongabba. jP 1 50, neat four-rootned Cottage, Ann street, amf the Oval, Kelvin Grove ; £50 deposit. -Donovan, opposito Supremo Court. B . PoCO, good six-roomed House, near boys' cv1 school, Paddington, nico place, l perches. Donovan, George street. jPl to £3,0U0 to Lend in sums to suit; interest, current rates ; charges mode- rate. Chiuullcr, Grand Arcade. £300, 66 Acres, 5 miles from city, splendid view, good soil. J. Mowbray, 48a Queen street. plSO, Mowbraytown, woll built House, five rooms, kitchen, water, &o.;, terms. . J,. Mowbray, 48a Queen street. ""'Vnntotl to Borrow at 10 per cent, good x& security. Apply Security, this ofllco. Vth SiCt. (Under this heading 10 words prepaid arc in- uerted once for 6d.: three consecutive timns. is. j rpo Let, two Shops and Cellars in the X Telegraph Buildings, Queen street, lately occupied by Mr. D. M'Nab. Apply Manager. Telegraph Newspaper Company, Queen streot. A FURNISHED House to Lot. Grey street. South Brisbane, near polioo station, ujiposito Dr. Coimolly. A T Toowoug, near station. House, nine wWM \I\\. rooms, bathroom, with stables, &c.;, 18s.; Taringu, eight Rooms, 15s.; Kangaroo WW Point, seven Rooms, Pis. 0d.; Storm's Corner, shop, oh,; furni.-hed House, Teuerifl'e, five HI Rooms, 20s. Chandler, Grand Arcade. A GENTLEMAN'S Residence to Lot, furnished, at Indooroopilly. — Warwil- lah, the property of F. C. Bolton, Esq.; con- B| tniuiug dining, drawing, three bed and dross- ' iug rooms, two nurseries, with kitchen, two B 8"rvant'H rooms, also stabling and coachhouse; B| ten acres of land : the house is fitted with BBj every convenience, including telophono ; wutor B is laid on ; close to tho Indooroopilly railway s'atiou ; possession about early in April. IB Apply for further particulars to Cameron 11 Bros., Town Hall. WM Tj")RONTE, Lytton road, East Brisbane, WM .13 containing seven rooms, kitchen, BH servant's room, bathroum, waahhouae, stables, IB . coachhouse, &o.; ; good area of lund ; high B . above flood level. B| South Brisbane, cornor of Edmondstone und B Mclbourno streets, commodious Workshop, Wt lately occupied by Mr. K. E. Burton uh a Bj Bi.cmn joinery factory. Butcher's Shop, Anu street, latoly ocoupied B l».v Messrs. J. Howatson & Co. BH ' Riverviow torraco, off Boggo road, contain- Wm ing seven Rooms, kitchen, servant's room, jB kc.. ; about quartor-aore of land. HH Apply Queensland Trustees Limited, 177 RBj C'.uceu street. H':-: .. ,, ; T© Let, Under this heading 16 words prepaid aroin- serted onoe for Od.; threo consecutive times, is. (1AMERON BROS., Town Hall, have To J Let: — . Grange House, Water street West, Con taining 11 largo rooms, bathroom, servant's room, pantry, scullery, kitchen, stabling, and coachhouse ; keys at offieo ; inspection invited. Hamilton, with pretty view of tho rivor, next to Eturia, to Let, now House, now being completed, containing dining, drawing rooms, four bedrooms, kitchen, pantry, storeroom, bathroom, servant's room, washhouse, gas and water laid on ; rout moderate. Milton terrace, close to the residence of John Hicks, Esq., well-finished House, con taining 10 rooms, kitchen, bathroom, gas and water laid on ; card to viow ; Toowpug and Rosalie omnibuses pass the door. . . Now Farm. Terrace street, next to St. Clair, new House, containing four rooms, kitchen, servant's room, bathroom, keys at office ; James street omnibus. Potrio terrace, at corner of Hole ' and Criekot streets, House, just thoroughly reno vated uud painted, containing four rooms, kitchen, and bathroom; also ..House in Criekot street, containing four rooms, now being renovated, closo to. tram ; suitable for railway employees. , Uppor Roma street, Roslyn, containing six rooms, kitchon, and bathroom, gas and water laid on : possession March 3 ;. card to view. A T Enoggera, town side Newmarket. Hotel, XJL House, eight rooms, acre land ; 10s. 6d. Chandler, Grand Arcade. CORINDa, to Let, six rooms, bath, and pantry, 2 acres, only 10s. T. S. Henzell, 115 Queen street. CARPENTER'S or Tradesman's Workshop to Let, 5s. T. k J. Cock, Butchers, Wickhum and Bound ry streets. CHELMER, closo to J. W. Sutton's and station, overlooking rivor, good House, ten rooms, verandas all round, 2 acres ; 20s. Todd, Auctioneer, Queen street. HOUSE, Upper Roma street, Norma, four rooms, kitchen, servant's, bath, stable. M'Lean & Co., Elizabeth street. "jl/ff ANLY, furnished fnur-romncd Cottage, i3X vacant February 27, 12s. 6(1. per week; facing beach. Gruber's Store, Manly. 1/1 OGGIIj road, Indooroopilly, splendid IVL Villu, nine rooms, water, newly painted, 60 perches ; 16s. Todd, Auctioneer, Queen street. PEEL street, opposite St. Mario's, House, seven rooms, pantry, bath, good posi tion, splendid order, gas, every couvonienc'e. PREMISES suitable for chemist's or other X business, consulting room, good living accommodation, excellent position, populous centre, nominul rental. R. M Frith-Duulmn, Arcade, Edward street. PADDINGTON, Ranclagh terrace, near Given terrace, high position, . four good Rooms, pantry, stove, front room pain tod, two miuiites from tram ; rent 7s. 6d. per week. Apply Mr. Becdell, next door. REDCLIFE, to Let, furnished Cottages,- in good position ; bathhouse 011 beach, boats for hire. Mrs. Stevens. STABLE to Let, two loose boxes, harness and feed room, &e.; Apply Union Club, Charlotte street. SANDGATE, To Lot, nine-roomed Cot tage, furnished, facing sea, Flinders parade. Mrs. Little. STORE or Office, with strong room, to Let, Adelaide street : airy, commodious. Apply Manager, Queensland Deposit Bank. SOUTHPORT, to Let, furnished Cottage, three bedrooms, sitting-rooms, kitchen, near station, jotty.; 18s. M. Armstrong, Hawthorne, Bulimba. SHOPS, new brick, to Let, at Albion, best position, platcglass fronts, gus.through- out, good openings for draper, tailor, and others, no tramways. Apply Premises. SANDGATE, Minora, Flinders parade, eight rooms and all offices, fully fur nished, gas throughout, stable, coachhouse, man's room ; immediate possession. Uns- worfch, 121 Queen street. f JpO Let, splendid Suite ,of Offices, with X. strongroom, centrally. situated in Queen street, over Commercial Bank of Australiu (lately occupied by Messrs. Fitzgerald & Power, Solicitors). Apply King & King, Queen street. INDOOROOPILLY, Station roud, choice Residence, containing three bedrooms, kitchen, servant's room, bathroum, pantry. Apply King & King, Queen street.. REDCLIFFE, furnished House of six rooms, including threo bedrooms, close to the beach, private bathing- house. King & King! Queen street. SANDGATE, furnished House of six rooms, including three bedrooms, lower Esplanade, convenient to station and beach. King & King, Queen street. WELLINGTON Point, furnished Resi dence, containing five bedrooms dining-room, and kitchen, also stables. Apply King & King, Queen street. Let, Gladstone road, Houso of six X rooms and bathroom,' water laid on, eltoice position. Apply King & King, Queen street. WEST End. Albert streot, off Victoria street. House, five rooms and kitchen. Apply King & Kiug, Queen streot. rPO Let, doublo and single Rooms and also X stabling. Apply 86. Wharf streot, city. TO Lot, House; water and gas. Apply Thos, Burke, Main street, Kangaroo Point. .rpO Let, nice, oleau, furnished Cottage. X Apply Mrs. Giddis, Glon street, Kelvin Grove. TIM Let, Charlotto street, Paddington, five- X roomed House, now, 10s. per week. D. W. Sniout. TO Let, Cottage, five rooms, near trams, Whynot street, West End ; rent 7s. Apply M'Gregor. rpO Lot, eight-roomed House, Moggill road, X Turinga, plunge and shower bath. T. Clunoy, premises. - fpO ' Let, six-roomed. House, in Dowse X street, Paddington. Apply to F. W. Burgess, Paddington. rpO Let, Arthur streot, Ipswich road, five- JL roomed House : rent, 7s; Inquire Amos Subwdon, Crown street, rno Let, ICent streot, House, five rooms, X kitchon, bathroom, stables. Power L. Dickson, 210 Queen street, f jpO Lot, Elgin streot, East Brisbane, four X Rooms, kitchen, bathroom, &c.; J. Mowbray, 48a. Queen street. fpO Let, Shop and Dwelliug, corner Leich- X lmrdt and Brunswiok streets, Valley. Apply at-shop, D. "W. Smont. f IpO Let, furnished, a noat, clean four- X roomed Cottage, bath. Apply White head, Musgravo road, Red Hill. TpO Lot, in IJhhnunu's Buildings, Shops X and Dwellings, Woolloongahba, Fivo- ways. Inquiro Butcher's Shop. TpO Let, threo furnished Rooms, use kit- X chen, every convenience. Mrs. Bartels, 64 Boundary streot, Spring Hill. rgiO Let, brick Dwolliug, 11 rooms, gas, X water, stable, and underground tank. Corner Jumes and H0.1l streets, Valley. rjV) Lot, Edgowator, Manly, , opposito X bathing houses, six rooms, furnished. WTnylor, Agnow street, Nonuau Park. fPO Lot, a well furnished Hovon-voomed X House, Dundee Villa, Heal street, Netv Farm. Apply Mrs. J. H. Stono'e, on pre mises. fPO Let, four Rooms, furnished, kitohen, X stove, bath, overy convenience; 12s. Gd. Apply Mrs. Clunoy, Douglas street, Milton. U L E T. Dairy Farm, 120 acres, cows, milking utensils, . &e.; ; los. . ' Coorparoo, 7 Rooms, ,2 aores, stables; 10s. Norman streeott Shop and 4 rooms ; 7s. Northcote street, 7 Rooms, bath, now ; 12s. Gd. Sword streot, close tram, 8' Rooms; 10s. G. H. BLOCKSIDGE,. Housk and Estate Agent, 1 Stanley Street, Woolloongabba. To lie. Under this heading 16 words prepaid ars in serted once for 6d.: three consecutivo times, is. rpo Let. five-roomed Cottage, veranda back X and front, witli wasbhouse and outhouse, water laid on, Eureka street, Kolviu Grovo. Apply T. W. Hall, Treasury Chambers, Elizabeth street. t f jpO Lot, House, Ilerston road, pleasantly X situated, six rooms, kitchen, servant's toom, and stables, &c.;, 3 acres land ; low rental. Apply F. M. Hart, New Zouluud Chambers. Queen street. Lot, Cottngo Residence, six rooms, X pantry,, bathroom, &<s.> Old Saudgate road! close railway, just, being completed. PluiiH Can be soon at architeoLs' office, Addison & Corrie, Central Buildings, Edward street. rpO Let, Little Edward street, eight, rooms; X Hopo street, South Brisbane, seven rooms ; Humpstoad road, five rooms; West street, Highgate Hill. : four rooms : Soudan Estate, four rooms. J. H. Trimble, jun., George street. WAliATAH, Tourak road,- Breakfast Creek, gentleman's Residence, ten rooms, offices, gas, wator, stabling, cowhouse, poultry yards, 3 acres. J. B. Unsworth; 121 Queen street. .. \\\7 YNNUMY i!onifortably furnished four- v roomed Cott age, near jetty and station. E. Dyne, Buynos streot, Kangaroo Point.' WYNNUM, Eaplanude, Iona, six rooms, furnished ; private bathing. Mrs. J. D. Wilson, TIampstcau road, Highgato Hill. WYNNUM, to Let, for term, eight- roomed House, best position Tingal Hill, overlooking bay and islands. Mrs. Herbert, Wyhnuin. YE RON G A, to Lot, Silver Oaks, at present oceupiod by Mr, Kenyon. Apply Tli. Untnack, Brisbane. rjS 0; L E , T. two shops and cellars in the TELEGRAPH BUILDINGS, QUEEN STREET, Lately occupied by Mr. D. M'Nab. Apply, MANAGER, Telegraph . Newspaper Company, Queen street. TO U E T L 1 S T. HOUSES. Herbert street, Spring Hill, five Rooms, kitchen, servant's room,- bathroom, gas and water ; 2Us. per week. Grogory terrace, corner of Fortoscuc streot, dining and sitting rooms, four bedrooms, kitchen, servant's room, bathroom, laundry, gas and water; 17s. 6(1. week. Brunswick street, New Farm, Mascotto, dining aud drawing rooms, four bedrooms, kitchen, pantries, bathroom': gas and water, stables, coachhouse, &c.; : 35s. week. Montague road, West 32nd, six Rooms, kitchen, servant's room, bathroom, stables, &o.;: 1 5s. week. Melbourne street, South Brisbaue, eight Rooms, kitchen, aud bathroom, 'gas aud water ; £1 7s. (id. Mcrivale street, South Brisbane, Bon Accord, seven rooms, kitchen, bathroom ; gas and water: above floods; 22s. 6d. per week. Yeronga. Ycronglea, eight rooms, kitchen, servant's room, pantries, two bathrooms, stables, coachhouse, dairy; 18 acres land: with all conveniences ; furnished or unfur nished. Gladstone road, five Rooms, kitchen, bath room, largo area land ; 7s. 6d. per week. Ethana, Cluyfiold, five rooms, kitcheu, pantry, 'garden ; near station ; 15s. per week. Gympio Villa, Hendra, dining and draw ing rooms, four bedrooms, kitchen, bath- , room, pantry; 20s. Hendra, Gcrler road, five Rooms, kitchen, servant's room, laundry, 3 aores ; 17s. Gd. per wee):. Albion, Old Sandgate road, Riverton, dining and drawing rooms, four bedrooms, and all . offices ; 20s. week. Albion, Old Saudgate road, Sunnyside, five rooms, kitchen, servant's room, pantry, bath ; gas and water, stable?, coachhouse, garden ; 20s. ' Hamilton, Zualandia, dining, drawing, breakfast rooms, eight bedrooms, and all offices : gas and water ; river frontage, with jetty, &o.; ; 25s. per week. Hamilton, Crescent road and Ludlow street, six Rooms, kitchen, servant's room, pantry, bathroom, coachhouse, &c.; 25s. week. Nyambur, Bowen Bridge road, drawing, dining, and breakfast rooms, smoking-room, ' five bedrooms, kitchen, pantry, servant's room, bathroom, stables, coachhouse, &c.;, 4 acres land ; £3 per week. Wilston Estate, Enoggera, eight Rooms, kitchen, servant's room, bathroom, stables, coachhouse ; 20s. per week. Langloy Bank, Newmarket road, nine Rooms, kitcheu, bathroom, servant's room, .stables, coachhouse, lauudry; water laid on ; large paddocks ; railway station opposite ; £100 per annum, Woodond, Herston road, six rooms, kitchen, servant's room, pantry, bathroom, stables, coachhouse, 3-1 acres land ; 20s. week. Leitriin, iTytton road, Bulimba, seven rooms, kitcheu, servant's room, bathroom, washhousc, stables, coachhouse, garden, six- acre paddock. Burpengury, N.C. Line, Fernwood, coun try residence of seven rooms, kitohen, pad docks, &c.;, 330 aores lund ; £40 per annum and rates. Sherwood, Hood street, four Rooms, kitchen, 32 perches ; 6s. per week. llooklca, Sherwood road, Farm of 14 aoreB, with Houso of four rooms and barn ; £16 per annum. Manly Beach, Shop and Dwelling of six rooms, bathroom, kitchen (with stovo), hulf- aure land ; 10s. Gd. 'per weok. BUSINESS PREMISES. FURNISHED HOUSES. PADDOCKS, FARMS, &c.; Full particulars 011 application. isles, love, & co., Auctioneers. POST OFFICE AUCTION MART, Quekn Street. fNo. 2642 fl'ialipUc Companies. aUEENSLAND TRUSTEES LIMITED. DIRECTORS : Tho Hon. James R. Dickson, C.M.G., M.L.A., Chairman ; Hon. J. S. Turner, M.L.C. ; Hon. F. T. Brentnull, M.L.C. ; Mr. Edgur W. Wulker ; Mr. J. J. Kings bury (Barrister-ut-law). OAPITAu: Authorised ,, £500,000 Subscribed .. 202,000 Reserved and Uncalled Capital . . 176,750 £20,000 invested in Government Deben tures in tho name of tho Ooloiiiul Treasurer, in compliunco with Special Aot of Parlia ment. This Company undertakes all Executors', Trustees', and Agency Business. The Com pany's charges are less than tho Court usually allows to privato oxecutors. Prospectus 011 Application. P. A. BLUNDELL, Manager. Offices: 177 Queen Street, Brisbane. Atlas assurance company. . (Established 1808.) OFFICES : 35 EAGLE STREET. Subsoribed Capital £1,200,000 Total Assets (Decomher 31, 1897) 2,287,000 Claims Paid exceed .. 12,000,000 /LOSS and DAMAGE by LIGHTNING, BUSH FIRES, aud GAS EXPLOSION covered undor every Policy of the Company. Prompt and Liberal Settlement of 'Claims, Liberal Conditions of Policies. A, J. CARTER, Manager for Queensland. riHIE SYDNEY DAILY TDZIJGJIAJPD, X prioo Id., may bo obtained immediately after the arrival of tho Sydney express at our ugents, Messrs. Gordon & Gotoh, Queen street. Orders to deliver tho Daily Telegraph within tho city or throughout tho colony will bo accepted by tho above firm and advertisements rccoivod. Tho Sydney Daily Telegraph is read by hulf a million of people every week. Government Advertisements. 1 ..U E E N; 'S' L A ,N. D -R A' I L W A X S. SCHEDULE of TENDERS invited by the COMMISSIONER FOR RAIL WAYS, and which will bo OPENED at his Offioo. at 2 p.m. 011 TUESDAY on tho under mentioned dates. - ; " " / ' ' ' . ' T. S. PJRATTEN. Secretary. Office where Partlou- Date of . Nature of Work or Supply. lars may bo Obtained. Opening. Construction of Six (6) Goods Waggons, Class " C," for LocomotiveEngincer's 28tb Feb. tho Cairns Railway Separuto-Tonders for the Supply of Uniforms all Railways Comptroller of Stores 28th Feb. for Three (3) Years . . Separate Tenders for the Supply of Head Gear all Rail- Comptroller of Stores 28th Feb. ways for Three (3) Years . / Supply of Hewn Transoms, .Western Division . .. Chief Engineer's 28th Feb. Tenders for the Construction of 25 'Passenger and 15 LocomotiveEngineer's 7th Mar. Goods Locomotive Engines ' . Construction of Ten (10) Ventilated Goods Waggons, LocomotiveEngineer's 7th Mar. Olass " A," for the Southern Division Erection of Station Buildings at Mayne Junction .. Chief -Engineer's 7th Mar. Erection of Shelter Shed and Office, &c.;, at Spriug Bluff Chief Engineer's 7th Mar. Ereelion of Station Buildings ut Glenniure road, Rock- Chief Engineer's 14th Mar. hampton Junction Railway Erection of Station Buildings at Olio, Ooudooroo, and Chief Engineer's 21st Mar. Wiuton, Nortborn Railway ... Erection of New Central Station, Brisbane. Plans, &c.j; Chief Engineer's 11th April . 011 view on and after 13th March . Erection of Shop, Ipswich Workshops. Plans, &o.;, 011 Chief Engineer's 11th April viow on and after 20th March " Note. —All Tenders (except , for Sleepers. Ballast, and Firowoo'd, and Fencing Material, which are exempt) must bo ENDORSED and accompanied by a Preliminary Deposit of I per cent, of the amount of the Tender, tho minimum being £5, to be sent. 111 in Bunk Draft. Money Orders, Marked Cheques, or a Fixed Deposit in the name of the Commissioner, otherwise Tenders may bo declared, informai. ON NO ACCOUNT SHOULD BANK NOTES OR CASH BE SENT. . ' . EScctiOus. rr\Q THE ELECTORS OF FORTITUDE X VALLEY. Gkntlkmkn,-— ' Having accepted the invitation Of a most influential requisition to contest tho forth coming Election in tho Ministerial interests, I have now the pleasure of placing iny views before you. I am a believer in Federation, in the speedy Improvement of our Port, in tho Amendment of our Harbour Dues, in increased Shipping Facilities, and in an early and proper system of Immigration. I regret that our colony contains so sparse a population, with all its .vast territory, aud imi desirous that it should become a power in itsvlf equal to any of the southern colonies. I believe in Triennial' Parliaments, in tho State Education Aot, in tho establishment of a University, in tho amendment of our In solvency Laws, in tho granting of Public Parks and Reserves to all the principul towns of the colony, more especially in northern latitudes, in increased 35ndowmeut to Local Authorities, in tho simplicity ..of our Electoral Laws, and in all tnat teuds to the good and advancement of the colony of Queensland. I was horn in the colony, and can claim that no Elector in tho whole of Queensland has the wclfaro of -my native . land more sincerely at heaVtthau mydclf. I will lake all opportunity of addressing you iu the Electorate at au early date. Yours faithfully, THUS. WELSBY. r|30 THE ELECTORS OF THE ALBERT. Gentlkhvn',— On March IS you will be called upon once moro to elect a Member to represent the Albert ; I. beg to offer iqyself as a Candidate. I11 asking for your support and the renewal of your confidence, I have first to .announce myself as a supporter of the pro- sent Ministry, and it is but right that I should explain my position. Tho Government of this colony during thoi last six . years have in my opiuiun been decidedly successful, aud at tho present time, notwithstanding the financial catastrophes of 1893, there is 110 other colony in which thero is more general contentment and prosperity, or where the prospect for the future is as good as. it is in Queensland ; the party in power is entitled to a large share of credit for this. Through their judicious legislation aud careful administration the colony has recovered from its disasters, aud we are now in a posit iou to engage again in the development of its magnificent and varied' resources, especially by means of railway construction aud harbour improvement. I huvo given tho Government evory assist ance in my power to bring about an im proved state of uffsiirs," aud at all times have kept the claims of the electorate before them. These aro now fully recognised , and I have the best reasons for confidence that they will receive early and adequate attention. I expect to bo able to havo the extension of the railway to tho border provided for amongst the first set of railways to be undertaken ; and the extensiou of tho Beaudosert line to Lara will also, I hope, be proceeded with before long. Whilst fully awaro that tho progress and prosperity of tho Albert can only proceed with tho advancement of tho colony as a whole, I claim that my ehiof concern has been for tho beautiful, fertile, and healthy district in which I have had my home all my life, and which contains all that is nearest and dearest to mo. Whether in or out of Parlia ment I shall always do my utmost for its advancement. I may point out that seven out of tho eight farming constituencies in East and "West Moretou are represented by supporters of tho present Government, good evidence, it seems to me, that tho farming and dairying indus tries are considered to bo safe in their hands. I am unablo to see what advantage is to ho gained by ousting, or attempting to oust, them. Evor since tho electorate was constituted tho Albert huB returned a Ministerial supporter. There is 110 reason to suppose that tho electors have changed their views in this respect, and I will not believe that they aroprepured to do so at the bidding of anyoue who, buying for feited the confidence of the party ho was sent in to support — without gaiuing that of tho constitutional Opposition — now, without vouchsafing any explanation, comes forwurd claiming to be tho "endorsed candidato" of soiuo mythical party which ho calls tho Opposition. Tho question of Federation will shortly engageydur attention. I think Queensland need have notbiug to fear in connection with it, hut in any caso this colony cannot ho com mitted to it, unless the people approve of the union, when tho question is submitted to them for their final decision. Yours faithfully, R. M. COLLINS. DUTHIEXS JAMS are made from seleoted fresh fruits and fiuest refined sugar only. JPutolic Companies. A USTRALIAN MUTUAL PROVIDENT J\\. SOCIETY. Popularly known as "THE A.M.P." THE LEADING LIFE OFFICE. ACCUMULATED .FUNDS ,.£14,500,000 ANNUAL INCOME, over 2,000,000 / BONUSES DIVIDED YEARLY. LARGER THAN THOSE OF ANY OTHER OFFICE. The Divisible Cash Surplus for the One Year, 1897, was £445,235, reprcseutingRoversionary Additions of £835,000. For Particulars of Liberal and Attractive Policies now being issued apply for Pros pectus. Queensland Branch Offiee: QUEEN AND EDWARD STREETS. BRISBANE. .. Local Directors : Hon. J. S. TURNER, M.L.O., Ohairman Hon. E. B. FORREST, M.L.O., Dep. Chairman . Hon. ROBERT PHILP, M.L.A, ERNEST J. STEVENS, Esq. ALEXANDER STEWART, Esq. H.W/ APPERLYi Resident Seoretary. rinRY DUTHIE'S CANNED APRICOTS. X They are Delicious. BE sure and huve your Watoh repaired by 0\. A. Browiij 42 Queen street ' ( / EBecfioas. Ti'-iO THE ELECTORS' OF BRISBANE X. SOUTH. Fjbllow-Electobs,— . . Having, in rcsponso to a largo and influen tial requisiriou, consented to allow myself to bo Nominated as - a Candidate to represent your Electorate iu the next Parliament, I now desire ""briefly to lay beforo you my views Ton what I deem the more important" political matters affecting the' welfare of this colony, and our electorate iu particular. The subject of tho most vital importance to you is that of Relief against Floods. It is now six years since tho disastrous floods of 1S93, and as yet no definite scheme 10 prevent the influx of flood- waters into the lower, densely-populated parts of the Electorate has been decided upon. I am convinced that no scheme which does not . provido for the Diversion of Flood- waters from some point on \hm river above tho city to a point on tho river bolow it will bi; of any matoviiil benefit. Next 111 importance to you is tho subject of Harbour and River Improvement, to allow the largo ocean-going vessels to come up tho river and bo berthed alongside the whuvves. The part of thn rivor from the "Bridge to the Dry Dock requires dredging to a- 'sufficient depth, so that vessels will not tako the ground. These matters do not ap pear to have received any attention from your late representatives. . If you return mo as your member, I will strenuously urge on tho Government tho carrying out of tlieso works. I will also support — Increased Endowments to Local Governing Bodies, with iucreascd powers. Restrictions ou tho introduction of Aliou and Coloured Labour. The introduction of a desirable class of Immigrants, such as farmers, agricultural labourers, and domestic sorvants. The Settlement of People on tho Land. The establishment of a University. The encouragement of the Volunteer Force. The Extension of our Rjulway System, and the encouragement of Production and Local Industries. As tho question of Federation will' be sub mitted to a referendum of the people, it will then be discussed on its merits, and I trust this colony will not tako up ati isolated posi tion. I will support the present Government.; I will ut an early date Address you fully on the above, and other matters of interest. I ani, yours faithfully, F, G. HAMILTON. rPO .THE. ELECTORS OF QUEENS X . :. LAND. At a meeting of tlio Council of 1 Churches, which represent the various non-Episcopalian Churches of this colony, and is composed of an equal number, of Ministors and Laymen elocted by tho highest courts of tho respec tive Denominations, held in Brisbane a few days since, it was unanimously resolved to address you on matters which aro intimately connected with tho best interests or the people. You are doubtless aware that certain proposals put forth by tho Licensed Vic tuallers' Association aro to bo brought beforo Parliament, and a determined effort made to havo them passed into law. These proposals wo regard as being of a vnry dangerous character. To open hotels 011 the Sabbath Day, and to alter the present licensing law iu such a manner that the ten dency will ussuredly be to increase drunken ness and crime, are subjects of tho gravest moment. Tho general election is close upou us, and a solemn responsibility rests upon every elector to vote for such candidates as will maintain the moral safeguards of tho Xieoplo. The strenuous efforts mude by those connected with tho drink traffio havo led the Council to rnako this appeal, and on these grounds we earnestly and respectfully ask you to seriously consider whether you can comply with the following suggestions No. 1. — To vote for such candidates whose characters Iiuyo earned your esteem, and in whom you can rely. :'2. To givo your vote for men who will oppose the changes in tho licensing law re lating to Siuiduy opening of public-houses and the local optiou clauses. These proposed ehaiigcs liayu been mudekuotfn to the country through tbe Press, and, in tbe estimation of some of, the most competent judges in Queensland (outside this Council), aro not oalcuhited'or designed for the good of the community. Wo tire strongly of opinion that tho Sunday olosing and local optiou clauses of the existing Aot should be supported, and a more vigorous administration of the Sunday closing olause impartially maintained. 3\. To vote for candidates who will favour tho extension of the local option elauscs to clubs in any district. 4\. To voto for candidates who will main tain undenominational education in our State schools, muko a judioiouH application of tho compulsoiy olause, moro particularly in towns ; and who will oppose tho granting of State uid to denominational sohools. Tho council is strongly of opinion tbut grauting subsidies will by no meaiiB be a settlement of the question, but will imperil the very oxistonoo of the Education Act, ,5. For tho sako espeoinlly of tho young people of Queensland, wo recommend you to vote , for men who will seek by judioiouK measures to suppress tho gambling evil, and who will strenuously oppose thoser bills which, if introduced into Parliament, tend to do- velop or foster it in uny manner or degree. Nothing but a fervent dosiro to promoto the best interests of tho people of this colony has induced us to thus address you. "\Ve fcol tbut as a council we should not he doing our duty— though not belonging to any political party— did we allow tho general election to take place without submitting the foregoing, principles and suggestions for your favour able consideration. Signed on behalf of tho-Couuoil of the Churches, CHARLES STEAD, President. Brisbane, February 23, \X7HEN ordering, see that you get W - DUTHIE'S GOODS. riTAKE. your Watch to , 0. A. Brown, 42 X Queen street, and have it properly re paired. Business Notices. QUIIE" FOR DRUNKENNESS. ; THE CAULFIELD INSTITUTE. , (From Saturday Night Newspaper.) "A. monibor of our staff made a visit to. tho'Caulfield Institute a few days ago and was kindly shown all over tho pre mises by Mr. Caul field himself, and was introduced to several of the patients. Everything about the Inatituto is in first- class order, and liothing would suggest to tho .stranger that tho place was a hospital or an asylum ; it is just liko au ordi nary dwclliug-house. The food is of ex cellent qiiulity, and the patients are , re stricted in no way. Indeed, considering tho terriblo nature of thn drink disease, it is simply marvellous what liberry. tho patients aro- allowed. Our representative spoke to several gentlemen who had been under a course of treatment, and everyone expressed the opinion their weakness for alcohol had quite left them. One gentle man said that lie frequently tried to take a hip of, whisky, but could never keep it down, not even whou rtiixed with milk, so nauseating had it become to him. Already a numberof cures had been effected, and Mr. Ciuilfiold fully expects to turn out 300 before the year's end. Throe hundred men ssivod from ruin in 'a year is a big order for a pluco like Brisbane, aud if Mr. Caulfield can do all lie claims, ho will bo deserving of the thauks of a large section of the com munity." The TREATMENT at the' Caulfield, In stitute is administered, by a QUALIFIED MEDICAL MAN, and Alcoholic Ladies are attended to Separately. Patieuts enjoy the comfort and olieerful content of a ' nice homo, and are freely supplied with all the liquor they require, until they voluntarily discontinue its use. The Fee for the three weeks' Course of Treatment is NOT Claimed unless tho Patient himself admits that he lias been successfully and satisfactorily treated. 'No cure, r«o pay." . . Communications regarded ns strictly Private and Confidential,' und Strictest Secrecy observed. For Turms, Pamphlets, &c.;, apply to J. P. T. CAULFIELD, Managing Director. Offico : 22 Telegraph Chambers, Queen street. Brisbane. II. Q U A L T R O U G H, LICENSED PLUMBER AND GASFITTER,". Cheek Street. . - Estimates ' given for Roofing, Gas and Water Supply, and Hot Water Fittiug a Specialty. Enamelled and Plain Baths, Gas Chan deliers, &u.;, Largo Supply of Plumbers' Brass- , ware, Cooking Stoves, Galvanised Tanks &c.;, Cheapest Prices for Laying ou Water, &e.; TFetatSejrs. 'SPENDERS wanted for ADDITIONS, RE- I PAIRS and PAINTING to House. Apply T. Lyddon, Latrobo terrace, Padding ton. rpEND33RS are invited up to Noou on X SATURDAY. March 4, for ALTERA TIONS and ADDITIONS to HOUSE at. Tariuga. W. C. VOLLER, Architect, SSa Queen street. IP OCKIIAMPTON HARBOUR BOARD. b TENDERS are invited for twelve months' supply of about 3.000 tons of COAL. Specifications, &c.;, 011 application to a; arch, mawdsley, Secretary. Rockhampton Harbour Board. r|To BUILDERS. TENDERS are invited until 4 p. in. of TUESDAY, March 7, for tho ERECTION of COTTAGE at Vernon terrace, Bulimba. Plans aud specifications may be seen at my offico. . F. LONGLAND, Arohitest, 142 Qucon street. D D I S O N . & CORRIE, AuciiiriccTe, Edward Strket, Invito TUNDJSRS for ERECTION of BUSINESS PREMISES iu Wickbam street, Valiey, for William Walton, Esq. All infor mation at Architects' Offices, where Tenders will be received not later than 4 o'clock on MONDAY, March 13. g II IRE OF ITHACA. TENDERS. TENDERS will he received up to noon on MONDAY NEXT, for CARTING METAL within tho Shiro. Full particulars may bo obtained at the Shiro Office. (Signed) ROBERT M'COOK, President. Shire Council Office, Musgrave road, Ithuca, February 21, 1899. A M I L T O N 'DIVISION LEASE OF TOOMBUL WHARF. TENDERS for the LEASE of tho Wharf will be received at the Board's Office, Hamil ton road, up to 5 p.m. ou MONDAY, March 6 next. Full -particulars at tho Board's Office. By order. JAMES OARMICHAEL, Clerk. Board's Office, January 3, IS99. g II IRE OF I T II A C A. . J-iylilvJiivO. TENDERS will bn received up to Feb ruary 27 for tlio CONSTRUCTION of a CONCRETE BRIDGE and APPROACHES (Cnttiug aud Filling) over Itbaea Creole, Waterworka road, an per plan, section, und spcoiiiuutioii, whioli jiuij- be inspected during office hours at tlio Shiro Chambers, where all particulars may be obtuincd. Tenders to bo addressed, to the President, accompanied by a bualc-murked cheque. of 2J- per cent on the total cost. (Signed)' JOHN STORIE, Jun., President. Sbire Council Office, Musirravo road, Ithaca, February 3, lSi)U. Department of Public Works, Brisbane, lGtli February, 1801). rpENDERS will be received ut; this Offieo A until Four o'clock p.m. 011 FRIDAY, the 21th Muroh, for Now Armoury (Brick), Viotoria Barracks, Brisbane. Tenders to be accompuaicd by a preliminary deposit of £25, and endorsed "New Armoury (Brick), Victoria Burraoks, Brisbane." Only bunk draft, bank notes, cheque marked by the banker, post offioo ordor, or gold will be uccoptcd. Plan and Specification may be soon, .and form of Tender with further particulars oklaincd, at tho Government Architect's Offico. The lowest or nuy Tondor will not neces sarily bo accepted. . . R. .ROBERTSON, Under Secretary. rpENDERS will bo received at the Office I of tho Under Seorotary and Superin tendent of Telegrnpbs, Brisbane, until Noon on MONDAY the twontioth day of March, 1 891), from persons desirous of contracting for tho supply of Tolegrnph PoIcb for repairs to telegraph lines, along tho Central Railway, according to tho terms, general conditions, mid speoilieations published in tho Queens land -'Government Gusotto," of Saturday, 18th Fobruury, 1890. . Any further information may bo obtained on application ut the. Offico of the Undor Secretary and Superintendent of Telegraphs, Brisbnno ; at tlio Telegraph Offi£jf, Rook- liunqiton und Emerald ; tho Ruihvuy Station- muster, Duaringu ; or Honry Crow, Tele graph Main tonimco Overseer, Contrul Ruil- wtiy. W. HORATIO WILSON, Post and Telegrupli'Dopurtmont, Brisbaue, 13th Fobruniy, 1899 