Wooiloonplilia. Mr. Blocksidge at Flveways. Mr. George Blocksidge, who is contesting the Woolloongabha election iu the Ministerial interest, addressed a meeting of tho electors in the Alliance Hall, Fivewuys, last overling. Aid. A. »J. Raymond occupied the chair, and among those who were on the platform were Messrs. Allen, A. Rohertson, T. Berry, iuti.. W. J. Paull, R. .T. Whitteu, J. II. Phipps, T. C. Stephens, J. Mowbray, J. Irwiu, and A. Biunic. The body of tlie hall was crowded, the front seats being occupied by a large numlior of ladies. Tho candidate spoke for about an hour and a-htdf. Ho was given an attentive hearing, and although in tho course of his address in terjections wore frequent, there was uo pro nounced attempt niado to break him off his discourse. When question time camo Mr. Bloolcsidgo was given a considerable number in writing to answer. .Ho replied to the majority of them in a satisfactory way, tho remainder, tho chairman stated, wcro not worthy of tho intolligonco of the electors of Woolloongabha. Mr. Blocksidok, who was received with loud applause, said ho camo before thom as a candidate in tho Ministerial interest. Ho would make no apology for being there. It was every inuti's privilege to try to repre sent his follow-men to tho best of his ability, and it was the privilege of his fellow-mon to decide whether ho hail tho ability to represent them. He wanted thom to consider his views, and if those viows coincided with theirs thou ho hoped they would givo him thoir votes for Parliament. He was well known in the district, having resided there for over 30 years. Somo of those in tho hall had known him since ho was a boy, aud lie thought it a great honour that he should he seeking tho suffrages of thoso who had seen him grow up. (Applause.) His actions wonld bear favour able comparison with any of tho other candidates who wcro contesting the eleoto- rato. Ho had aeon a portion of tho electorate ri6o from the primeval forost to what it now was, und he claimed to havo a knowledge of local requirements. He was a native born Australian, having a desire and ambition to further tho interests of his native country. Ho was a candidate in the Minis terial interest for Parliament becauso ho looked upon the present Government as tho party who \bould push the ship of State ahead. (Applauso.) Their policy was the best for tho colony, and their efforts hnd beou directed to pluco tho finances in u sound fttute. If they hud done nothing more thoy de served well of every elector. (Hear, hear.) At his former meeting ho luid re ferred to'.political mutters. lie now wished to speak on mutters moro of local interest. He might say that thoro had beon no public movement that had boon started in tho electorate that ho had not identified himself with. Tho first subject ho would touch upon was an old mattor, that was tho question of a contral bridge. Ho behoved tho timo was not far distant when thoy would havo a bridge from Kangaroo Point to tho oity. (Applauso.) If he was returned lio would not lib threo ycara in tho House before attempting to get it. Having an idea that ho would bo returned lie went and saw tho Premier uboufc tho mutter, and ho had tho ussuranco that if the people would subscribo half tho umount required, tho Government would subscribe the other half. (Applause. A voico: "That is your talc.") It was not his talc. Ho would endeavour to get the bridge. Thero wero a largo number of men who kucw him for many years, and they know ho was a worker and not a talker. (A voico: "Why don't you put up as a worker?" Laughter.) Ho did not think it would bo a necessity to build any bridgo that would intcrforo with vested interests in South Brisbane. Hisnoxteoncem would bo the providing of hotter telegraphic und post office accommodation. Soiuothing should bo dono with regard to Kangaroo Point, aud ho would advocate a now building for Woolloongabha. The late momber had said if they wanted a now building thoy would gotifc. (A voico: "Ho will get it for thero.") Tho lute Mr. John Donaldson hnd promised tho building if business increased. He lmd secured figures to see the progress in business that liad been made, and ho considered tho Government should provide better uceommo- dntion than that at prosent ; at all events, if rclurued, bo would endeavour to redeem Mr. Donaldson's promise. (A voiee: "'You hiivo no cliaucc.") Ho would advocate an. ex tension of tho tramway acrvico from tho IfiYQwaya Jo Kwgiuw Point, nud from Stanley bridgo .along Wellington road and Lyttoa road to Norman Greek. (A voico: "Ok, Jet tho 'buses livo." Another voico: " What has that got to do with politics?") Ho would favour the altering of tho prosent railway crossings, which were an abomination A proposal had been mado to run them under cortaiu streets, and that ho believed would be preferable to building overbridges, us the chief . engineer proposed. . (A voioe: "Run a switchbuck." Laughter.) Ho favoured establishing swimming baths. Tho district was very much in want of that sort of accommodation. (Satirical laughter, and a voice: " Tako a bath.") Ho thought thoy could havo fur superior baths to" thoso in tho Valley and on Spring Hill. voico: " Parliamentary business now.") Ho was in favour of tho unification of tho city of Brisbane, tho borough of South Brisbane, and tho division of Booroodabin. Ho was sick and tired of the present system of local govornincnt. Ho thought great praiso was duo to tbo municipal representatives for Kangaroo Point, hut. tho condition of East Brisbane was simply a standing disgraco to tho local Huthority of South Brisbane. (A voico: "Givo us federation.") By unifica tion they would get a big municipality which would attend to various matters iu a manner that could not bo done now. (A voice : " Where is tho money ?") There was no get ting away from tho fact that whilo they had one part of the electorate in South Brisbane and the other in North, they would have a poor uhuiico of getting a cautrul bridge.' (Applauso.) Mr. ' Dibloy claimed to havo been instru mental in securing the State school for East Brisbauo. - Ho claimed that he had douo as much iu that connection as Mr. Dibley. His actiou commenced nine years ago, and he had maintained it right through. So far as Mr. Dibley's services wore concerned it was a matter of "Hobson's choice," if he had not gone into it other people would have done it for him. (Applause.) At ono of Mr. Dibloy's meetings that geutleman had said tho Govern ment would promise a Ministerial candidate anything to get him into the House, but onco they got him there they would straighten him out prouy quick. That remained to . bo seen. Assuming thut he got there, if ho was straightened out as flat as somo of the planks in the labour party's platform ho would bo fiat indeed. Another statement his opponent had mado, and that ho hoped was a mistake. Mr. Dibloy had said iu connection with the influx ot' Asiatics that the present question to consider was the in flux of Asiatic and foreigners of every de scription. (A voico : " You waut black : labour.") He (tho speaker) considered that it was rather an insult to our German and Danish population. (A voice: "What are j'ou doing? talk politics, nevermind Dibley.") If tho statcmont wcro true. Mr. Dibloy should be ashamed of himself. (Uproar.) Speaking of federation, ho was in favour of seeing the colonics united, but ho was not in favour of the present Commonwealth Bill. (Hear, hear.) He would urge a vigorous works policy, and the party who wore putting such for ward were the present Government. He alluded to the works now being lot, and pointed out that Mr. T. Finney hud secured a couple of now post offices in his electorate. (A voice: ."Woolloongabha.") If ho was returned they would get ono at Woolloon gabha. (Applauso.) Of tho amount being exponded the oiily work in thoir electorate was tho building of a new female gaol, addi tions to the Boggo road gaol, und for which £20,000 was set down. (Uproar.) Coming to immigration. (Voices: "White, black", Chinese, or Japanese?") Ho would go in for white immigration. (Avoiee: Why do you support the Government.") ,Ho sup ported them because they wero the best party. (Applause.) This colony would never ho developed with a small number of people who were liko a handful of sand thrown. into the sea. They wanted more pcoplo here to assist themselves as well as tho country. (Voices: " Kanakas.") They wanted to settle the peoplo on the land. He would favour giving every man who settled on tho laud and cultivated it for a stated period tho right of fee-simple He considered the Mining Bill passed lust session would be fouud to be a beneficial measure to the industry, and he spoke of the assistance that had been rendered to various industries by the Government. He favoured giving tho farmers all the assistance possible, aud was opposed to a land tax. Ouo of the first measures ho hoped to see introduced was' a local government hill. He would give increased endownieut to tho boards, mid lower the interest for loan money. (A voice : "You charge 3 per cent.") Tho prosent system of ratiug should ho altered so that rates could be recovered from mort gagees, and the election of mayors and chairmen of local bodies Bhould be loft to tho ratepayers. He would favour giving in creased harbour facilities. The Government were to blame for tho delay in taking up tho matter of flood prevention. Ho advocated tho construction of a canal from a point near South Brisbane cemetery across Thompson Estate, emptying again into the river at a point below the sugarworks. He would havo all tho elections held on ono day. (A voice : "You aro a labour man.") Yes, ho was a straight out labour mau. (Ironical laughter.) Ho saw no reason why the ladies should not be given the franchise. Ho believed that if they had a vote tho moral influence in politics would bo considerably altered. The morals of somo of tho members would have to alter or thoy would be relegated to buck scats. (A voico: "Battershy.") The electoral 'laws should bo simplified and an doctor enabled to change his qualification without waiting for a period of six months. Ho wus opposed to kanakn labour. (A voico : 44 Givo him a wooden leg.") Ho bdioved in Queensland for tho white man. It behoved tho doctors to watch tho alien luws in opera tion. Ho was in favour of conciliation and arbitration to settle trade disputes. Ho would support early closing. (A voico : " Compulsory.") IIo liked the idea of voluntary closing aud a voluntary half- holiday. (A voice: "Voluntary rot.") If the half-holiday movemont fell through his vote would go towards having the lmlf- holiday. (Applause.) In conclusion ho thanked them for their pationt hearing, and he would ask them on polling day, if thoy favoured his viows and tho Ministerial party, to give their votcn in his favour. Ho resumed his seat amidst loud applause. A call was mado for cheers for Dibley, and. it was respouded to by cheering aud some groaning. Replying to questions Mr. Blocksipsb said ho would endeavour to &ecuro; a sharo of the passenger train traffic that now wont to Melbourne Street for "Woolloongabha station. He did not belicvo in ono nmn ono vote. (Up roar.) Ho would not vote for tho repeal of tho Sunday closing clauses of tho Licen sing Act, or for the repeal of tho Gambling Act. (Applauso.) He would not voto for the Premier aud Cabinet Ministers being choson and olected by ovcry new Parliament ; if a Ministry was roturncd it had tho endorsement of tho country. He would voto for roduciug the Chiof Justice's salary to tho amount givon to Sir Charles Lilloy, hut did not think ho would ever get u chuuee. Ho would give tho same salary to femalo school teachers as to males. He would lot tho polioomen havo a vote ; if one scotion of tho oivil scrvico had tho frnnohiso why should not tho wholo buro it. Ho would favour a redistribution of seats bill, so as to givo Woolloongabha two members. Ho was not prepared to say if ho would favour amend ing tho Shops and Factories Act, ho would first have to givo tho matter consideration , Ho hud no intention of rotiring in favour of Mr. W. Stephens, if that gentleman wus defeated for Sontli Brisbuno ; ho would not retire in favour of anyone. He favoured enforcing the compulsory clauses of tho Education Act, and would introduce Bible reading into die Stato schools on the system that it wus done in Now South Wales. Ho would defer federation for tho present: he would allow tho colonics to rotain local power to givo bounties to auy industries they might want to protect. (Applauso.) A voto of thanks to the olmirinau termi nated tho meeting, there being cheering and . counter cheering for tho candidate and Mr. I Dibley 