About Surnames In Ireland. \-----*----- "'THE OLD STOCK." " By Mac and O, you'll surely know True Irishmen, they say ; For it they lack both O and Mac No Irishmen are they." The old rhyme was true enough at one time, but is so no longer. In many genuine Irish families the O and Mac have been quite discarded, and in a few cases, as we shall presently see, these prefixes cover a good deal of mixed blood, But what is meant by O and Mac, and how did they arise ? In the "ould ancient times" Irishmen were content with one name only, used for Christian and surname. A man was called Domnall (meaning -world-famed). Nial (champion), Brian (strong) Hugh (fiery), &c;, or, more jaw-breakingly. Maolcaradach, Niadsedhamain, Colegriceach and went to bed happy. But in course of time a single name was, as happened in other countries, found insufficient and confusing, so that in the time of King Brian Boru (who "wal- lopod" the Danes at Clontarf, A.D., 1014) it was decreed that everyone should take in addition to his own name either that of his grandfather, or some noted ancestor, with the prefix Mac (meaning grandson, descen- dant of). Hence Hugh, the grandson of Niall, became Hugh O'Neill. Conor, the son of Carthy, Conor MacCarthy, and so on. In this way sprang the names of the great Irish clans, and there is scarcely a Gaelic family of any importance which cannot faithfully be traced back (on evidence as trustworthy as that which gains credence in other countries) to one or other such remote ancestor. And although many such families no longer boast of O or Mac, recent dis cussions in the House of Commons show that they are fully entitled to resume those distinguishing prefixes. In Ireland both O and Mac are used, in Scotland Mac only, so much so that many Scotchmen are known by the latter prefix alone. Surnames of Gaelic origin by far out number all others in Ireland. The most common one is Murphy. It is an Anglicised form of "M'Murrough" — meaning "sea warrior" — (the name of on old regal family of Leicester, one of whom first brought the English into Ireland.) The name is so com- mon in the Green Isle that it has become a synonym for the national esculent— the potato, and that, as the saying goes "If you struck a bush anywhere in Ireland, you'd knock a Murphy out of it." Speak- ing by the card, one Irishman on an average in every 70 rejoices in the patronymic (exactly the same proportion borne by the Smiths to the populations of Great Britain). Close on the heels of the Murphys come in frequencey the names of Kelly (one in 84), Sullivan (one in 108), Walsh (one in 117), Smith (the ubiquitous), O'Brien, Byrne, Ryan, Connor, O'Neill, Reilly, Doyle, M'Carthy, Gallaher, Doherty, Kennedy, Lynch, Murray, those I8 names taken to- gether comprising one in every nine of the Irish population. We know from the old annals and genealogical works of the country (and the Irish were particularly strong on genealogy), the exact locale of all the diffe- rent tribes, and it is a curious fact of high testimony to the vitality and tenacity of the race, that very few of the historic names have died out, and that in spite of wars, revolutions, confiscations, and emi- gration, the old families are still to be found occupying (many, indeed, in reduced circum- stances) the very districts in which we find them in the earliest times— the M'Carthy's, O'Keeffes, and O'Driscolls still swarm in Cork, the Maguires in Fermanagh, the M 'Mahons in Clare, the O'Sullivans in South Munster, the O'Byrnes in Wicklow and Dublin, the O'Malley's in Mayo, in which counties respectively they were chief- tains, and the ancient clan of the Ryans are still so numerous in Tippperary, that the various families have to be distinguished from each other by nicknames, such as Ryan (Ban), Ryan (Larry), Ryan (Corney). and so on. Besides such genuine Gaelic names as these, there is a smaller number of ether names indicative to invasion of, or immi- grations into, the country. The Danes, who established themselves on the eastern sea- board of the 9th century, and founded Dublin, left a few surnames, notable among which are Gould, Harold, Plunkett, Sweet- man (Swedeman), Sigerson, &c.; There is a good deal of Danish blood in Counties Dublin and Meath. The second great graft on the Celtic stock occurred in the 12th centruy through the Anglo-Norman in- vasion, the names of many of the invading knights being still perpetuated such as Barry, Burke, Butler, Davey, Dillon, Fitz- gerald, Keating, Nugent, Roche, Talbot, Bellew, Carew, Fitzmaurice, Hussey, Lacy, Purcell, Taaffe, Tyrrell, Vesey, &c.; These early settlers won their way at first by the sword, but subsequently formed alliance with the various Irish chieftains, put out their children to fosterage in the Irish fashion, abandoned their own speech, names, dress and manners, and adopted those of the native Irish. The Burkes be- came MacWilliam, the Fitzgeralds, Mac Thomas, and MacMaurice, the Fitzzurses, MacMahon, the De Veres, MacSweeney, the Barrys, MacAdam, the Stauntons, Mac Aveseley, and so on. They became, in fact, as the phrase went "Ipsis Hibernia Hiher- nior" (more Irish than the Irish them selves), and to check this tendency it was provided in 1366 by the ' Statute of Kil- kenny '' that every Englishman do use the English language and be named by an English name, leaving off entirely the manner of naming used by the Irish" ; and in 1465 it was enacted that every Irishman living in the Pale (the limited district round Dublin County to which English supremacy had at that date been reduced), should take an English surname— of a town, colour, trade, art, or office. So that just as English blood flows in the veins of many a Mac- Maurice and MacThomas, so many a genuine Celt in Leinster masquerades as Fox, Smith, Black, Small, &c.; The ubiquitous Scot dribbled early into Ireland, being, indeed, in the old times, one in origin and speech with the natives of that country. It is, however, to the Ulster plantation of James 1., by which the Irish were dispossessed of nearly the whole of that province, and their lands granted to English, and especially Scotch settlers, that we owe the present large number of lowland Scotch names in Irish nomenclature such as Stewart, Campbell, Cunningham, Scott, Cameron, Graham. As showing, however, the vigour and tenacity of the native race even in that province which is thought to be the most un-Irish in Ireland, we here give, in order, the six most common names in each of the Ulster Counties (the Irish names being shown by capitals)-— Antrim— Smith, Johnston, Stewart, Wil- son, Thompson, O'NEILL. Armagh - MURPHY, Hughes, Wilson, Campbell, O'HARE, Smith. Cavan - REILLY, Smith, BRADY, LYNCH, M'CABE, Clark. Donegal - GALLAGHER, DOHERTY BOYLE. O'DONNELL, M'LAUGHLIN, SWEENEY. Fermanagh - MAGUIRE, M'MANUS, DOLAN, M'GOVERN, Johnston, M' HUGH. Monaghan — DUFFY, CONNOLLY, M'MAHON, M'KENNA, HUGHES, MUR- PHY. Tyrone - QUINN, MULLEN, KELLY, DONNELLY, GALLAGHER, M'KENNA. It has been said that it is impossible to find a pure unmixed race in Europe, and that the Irish of today are in any case a compost of many races. We have traced the infusion of non-Irish elements in the population, and shown how limited it is, if the personal names are any criterion. All these various blends have in no way dis- guised or affected the essentially Gaelic character of the people, whose good and bad qualities to-day remain such as they are re- corded to have been in the dawn of their history. F. A. Fahy. 