NEWS OF THE DAT. "The Leader" this week gives a varied list of illustrations. The near approach of Christmas will render appropriate the pic tures of Christmas preparations. There is a view showing that cheerfulness and fes tivity are not absent even from that last resort of the destitute and homeless, who, in default of relatives and friends, have to seek a refuge in the Immigrants' Home, a name which remains after its meaning has long since departed. The delight of the sick child in the Children's Hospital on receiving his Christmas toys is a pretty and pathetic incident. The scene at St. Kilda is a record of more vigorous childhood, and another picture shows the artificer at work who is making ready his additions to Santa Claus's load. A very fine panoramic pic ture of the Melbourne cricket ground dur ing the Austral Wheel Race makes a full page. Then 'there are illustrations dealing with events of the war in South Africa, and 'making a striking presentment, Several portraits are included of officers whose names are mentioned in the cable, includ ing the generals who led the unsuccessful attack on the Boer position at Tugeln, the brave commander of the Highland Brigade killed at Spytfontcin, and his successor, the gallant MacDonald, the hero of the Omdurman battle in the Soudan. Captain Selheiin is a Queensland officer serving on General Methuen's staff, whose bravery in attempting to swim across the Moddcr River under fire has been deemed worthy of record. The carriage and platforms of the naval guns which have been moved to Ladysmith were tlic idea of Captain Scott, of -her Majesty's cruiser Terrible, who suc ceeded in designing a carriage callable of bearing the 4.7 inch guns. This is consid ered by experts to be a great achievement. Sir William MaeCormac, whose portrait is also given, is the celebrated surgeon who volunteered his services as n doctor with the Natal forces. He holds many honors, in cluding a baronetcy from the Queen and various stars and crosses of the Legion of Honor, of the Orders of the Crown of Prus sia, the Crown of Italy, St. lago of Portu gal, as well as Spanish, Danish and Turkish decorations. But he lias eclipsed his other glories by that of his offer to proceed at once to the fighting front in order to take to the wounded in South Africa all the ic- sources of liis pre-eminent skill in sur gery. "The Leader" special agricultural re porter, in this week's issue of that journal, gives a review of the wheat growing oper ations for the year throughout the Wim- mera, Mallee, Northern aud North-Eastern districts, concluding with an estimate of tho yield, showing the acreage sown, the net area, deducting failures and crops cut for hay, the general average per acre, and the total production. After providing for home requirements, lie estimates the total export able surplus at 12,633,010 bushels. His Excellency Lord Brassey, Grand Mas ter of the Masonic order in Victoria, pre sided last evening at the Freemason's Hall on the occasion of the quarterly communi cation of Grand Lodge. In proposing the nomination of the pro-Grand Master, Bro. A. J. Peacock, his Excellency referred to his early departure from this colony, which, he said, he looked forward to with regret, having met with very kindly treatment on nil sides during his stay here. He especially referred to the great kindness which he hall received from members of the craft. He wished tlieni all to believe that every kind feeling they entertained towards him was cordially reciprocated by him. In reference to the nomination of Bro. Peacock, he felt that in proposing him he was giving effect to a universal feeling in the Grand Lodge. Bro. Peacock, in returning thanks for hia nomination, said that ho had allowed him self to be put forward, as the craft, in the death of tiie late Sir William Clarke, had lost one who had done it ail immense ser vice; and as lie had, contrary to liis own wish, been greatly relieved of public duty, hq could and would devote the leisure to the interests of the order, lie, however, con tended, while accepting the position, that ii was one which should be held by the re presentative of the Queen, and expressed what was the hope of liis late colleagues and himself, that the first Governor-General would be a member of the Royal family, arid that lie would honor them by taking the position of Grand Master in this colony. For some days there have been rumblings of dissension in the Cabinet. Tiie truth was kept very dark until the issues of the Minis terial bye-elections were known, but it tran spires now that Mr. Fink's dissatisfaction with Mr. Sliicla's anomalous apparent posi tion in the Government and the tone of his public utterances is so strongly defined that lie feels no justification for remaining one of Mr. M'Lean's colleagues. Mr. Fink oil- jects to serving under two masters, and accuses Mr. Shiels of departing in his Bairns- dale speech from a course of conduct set down by the whole of the Ministers in Cab inet. He takes especial offence at the Trea surer's denunciation of the late Government as "political Boers," and'hk application to them of other terms of opprobrium. Mr. Fink has had a very short experience of the sweets of office, if there were any. The defeat of the Minister of Customs and Education at. Castlemaine, and the re- signation of Mr. Fink) will, give additional interest to the political meeting to be held nt the St. Kilda town hall to-night. Sir George Turner and his colleagues and sup. porters, who will muster in force, are ex pected to break new ground, and to return to the organised onslaught upon the Minis try with energy and eloquence renewed by initial success. The mayor will take the chair nt8 p.m., and a large assemblage is an ticipated. The Premier is in thorough accord with tho view put forward by "The Age" yester day, that no citizen should be- allowed to hold a seat in the Federal and State Par liaments concurrently. When interviewed yesterday, lie stated that lie hud long enter tained the opinion that a man should not be allowed to sit in both Legislatures, and that on election to t, lie Federal Parliament a member of the State Legislatures should forfeit the lesser seat. He was not pre pared to say, however, that the Govern ment would bring in a bill to carry out the suggested reform, for while he' personally held this view, the matter had never been considered by the Cabinet. It was really a Cabinet question, and he would probably take an early opportunity of bringing it be fore his colleagues. The R.M.S. Arcadia, with English files to 24th November, arrived at Albany at 3.30 p.m. yesterday, and resumed her voyage to Adelaide nt 9 p.m. She should reach the Semaphore on Saturday night. Her eastern mails will bo despatched by special train oil Sunday, und the Melbourne portion be delivered on Monday morning. After the temporary break of a fortnight ago, work on the Collingwood line is re ported to be proceeding smoothly. The draymen who refused work on the terms of 7d. a load are now satisfied with the altered terms offered by the Engineer in Chief, and since resuming operations they have not found it difficult to make 10/ a day. Having declared from the first that this was their objective, they are now on the best of terms with the railway con struction branch, the officers of which, for their part, state that they never wished the men to earn anything less. Progress on the line is still retarded by tiie -fact that a large number of bouses have to-be re moved. The original understanding was, that all of these were to be out of the way by Tuesday last, but it was found impos sible to remove tlicm all in the time. Scores of buildings, more or less dilapidated, have been in course of demolition during the past week or two, but 50 or 00 still remain. After these have been cleared, as they should be by the end of next week, the actual work of constructing the line will be proceeded with as fast as possible. A large number of new hands will also be en gaged. It is almost a foregone conclusion that the Railways Standing Committee will re commend the construction of tlic proposed line from Newtown to Pitlield. The distance is a little over 11 miles, with a ruling grade of I in 40. It is estimated that the line will cost £3483 per mile, or a total of £39,300. Interest and working expenses will amount to £2870, and the revenue expected is only £1800, leaving a deficit of over £1000. If that were the permanent prospect of the line's revenue earning capacity the com mittee would give it very short shrift. Per sonal investigation, however, has shown the members that Pitlield milling has a groat future, that a large population is already settled in the district, and expert evidence indicates that the uuriferous re sources of the neighborhood are sufficient to justify the anticipation of keeping thou sands of men employed for the next half century. Mr. Lochliead, the assistant traffic manager, gave evidence before the com mittee yesterday, expressing the view that tiie line would be well worth constructing if the mines continued payable. Mr. Ren- nick, the Engineer in Chief, gave similar tes timony, and said lie thought, by the use of secondhand rails removed from the North- Eastern railway, and by other economies, the line could be built for £30.000. An apparently trifling difference of a few minutes in the running of a morning train constitutes, amongst Clifton Hill residents, a serious grievance against the Railway de- partmciit.- ' | ' Tliu train1 that'/'foiTnerly left Clifton Ilill 'at S.29 a.m. now leaves at 8.33, and arrives at Spcncer-street corresponding ly later. The few odd .minutes, whicii would not be of much consequence in ordi nary circumstances, operate very unfortu nately for those passengers who wish to get to Flinders-street in lime for business at 9 o'clock. As the arrangement now stands, they' are unable to do so, owing to the putting hack of the 8.29 a.m. train from Clifton Hill, to connect at Spencer-street with the Essen- don train, which formerly landed them in the central part of the city by 9 o'clock. As was pointed out in our correspondence columns yesterday, the inconvenience is, to a great many suburban residents, very vexatious and annoying. The Railway de partment 'states that the alteration was made in consequence of the running of extra trains on the Coburg line. It seems that the delay in getting to Fiindcrs- street was not contemplated by the department, or if it was the convenience of a large number of country residents was not deemed of sufficient importance to interfere with the Coburg service. However, the difficulty exists, and the department would be con ferring a benefit by looking into it with a view to speedy settlement. A supplement to the "Government Ga zette" was issued last evening, giving the supplementary roll of State schools and State school teachers and the reclassifica tion of State schools, prepared up to 20th inst. by the committee of classifiers. pointed evidence in favor of compulsory vaccination was presented at yesterday's meeting of the Public Health Board. Re ferring to the recent outbreak of small-pox on board the steamer Nineveh, Mr. Shoppee remarked that had it not been for the prompt action of the board's officers infec tion would probably have been spread throughout the colony. Ho considered that 'more experienced men should be engaged as ship doctors, and that these officers should be required to show a special know ledge of the nature and treatment of infec tious diseases. He moved that the co-oper ation of the Health departments of the other colonies be sought with a view to for cibly bringing the matter under the notice of ship owners. Dr. Gresswell said that since the inception of the board there had been three severe cases of small-pox in Aus tralia, and two of them had proved fatal. Two of the patients had come from New South Wales, and the third from Queens land. The patients who had died had never been vaccinated. He considered the matter to be a very important one, and he sug gested that Cr. Slioppec should give notice of motion for next meeting, in order that it might be fully discussed. Cr. Shoppee ac cepted the suggestion. . Mr. Gearing said that the board's medical officers at the port were inadequately paid, and the chairman replied that this matter had so frequently b.een referred to. that there now- appeared to he little hope of its receiving attention. The mortality from influenza "has this year been especially heavy. . Figures sub mitted to tiie Public Health Board yester day showed that in October Last no fewer than 89 persons— 45 males and 44 females- died in the colony from the complaint or 'from its subsequent effects. The returns of cases of typhoid fever, diphtheria and scarlet fever ayere, however, very satisfac tory. During the fortnight which ended on 10th inst. 18 eases of typhoid avere reported, as compared with 40 cases and 4- deaths in the corresponding period of 189S. There avere 21 cases of 'diphtheria';' as compared avitli 20 and 1 death, and only l of scarlet fever, as compared with 17 for the corre sponding fortnight last year. One of those elaborate hoaxes on' which Theodore Hook used to spend a aTast deal of ingenuity, and enjoy avith the keenest relish, avas yesterday perpetrated in con nection avith the National Gallery. Invita tions avere sent out broadcast to literary und scientific people, connoisseurs in art and curios, literary dilettanti and others, asking them to partake of "afternoon tea" avith "Professor Baidavin Spencer and the committee of the 'Public Library'.' in order to vievy the "aboriginal collection/'' Uni versity, professors, ladies '/and' gentlemen who affect scientific ' soirees and- ltoyal Society.: meetings, clergymen', doctors and students in. various departments of scien tific research, accepted the invitation with out .suspicion; and duly appeared at the gallery hoping to be edified by a lecture from Professor Spencciand the afternoon tea. ' Cabs and hansoms rolled up to the gate, and deposited numbers of serious look- ing gentlemen in block coats and tall hats, accompanied by their wives and daughters! The attendants at the Public Library could not' understand the unusual invasion. "Where is the aboriginal collection, please?" wag the universal question. "On tiie left, sir," was the reply. And there it was sure enough. The visitors looked round the cases, and saw and admired the curious objects displayed; but there was a singular lack of formality about the proceedings! Where was Professor Spencer? Where was the committee of the Public Library? And where, .oh. where! was the afternoon tea? At last , the reporter of one of tlie news papers, growing impatient at the delay in getting on with, the formal part of the afternoon business, ventured to inquire if there was to be any kind of a reception, and produced the card of invitation. The library staff was bewildered. Nobody knew anything about it. Professor Spencer had so little idea of what was expected of him that lie. was. not to be found in the institution. At last the melancholy truth w as realised that the afternoon ten was a cruel hoax. There was plenty of uftcrnoon — -very fine afternoon— but no tea. The dilettanti went home declaring that the aboriginal collection was an impressive fraud. The question of how many sacks of wheat should officially be considered as a ton in ilie calculation of railway freight charges is at this time of the year an important one in the country districts. A mild passage at arms iB threatened between the Railway de partment, whose officers declare that eight and a half sacks make a ton, and the farmers, who assert that a ton should com prise nine sacks at least. The rule in this rCspeet has varied according to the quality of the wheat produced in the different sea sons. A few years ago the department adhered to the rule that when grain was to be carried on the railways nine sacks of wheat should be reckoned to the ton. In consequence of a dry seuson the wheat be came abnormally light, and it took some thing "like 10 sacks to make up the ton. l'or a while 10 sacks were actually allowed, the Railway department agreeing to recog nise the altered conditions. For the coining season the fiat has gone forth that eight and a half sacks, and no more, arc to he carried to the ton. If the fanners are dis satisfied they are allowed the option of hav ing the grain weighed, and it will lid then charged on an exact scale. The grain dealers naturally dislike the trouble of buy ing .their grain weighed, and they lmve also a dislike, equally pronounced, to the pro posed scale of eight and a half sacks to the ton. - 'Hie Railway department professes' itself anxious to safeguard the revenue, and refuses to budge an inch. Somewhat singu larly,: however, while it insists on eight and a half- sacks to tlie ton for the present year, it does not dispute tlie statement that the average for the previous year came to eight and three- quarter sacks to the ton. The farmers will not he satisfied with less than nine sacks. It is more than likely that a deputation will wait upon the Railway Commissioner. During tlie law vacation, which begins to day, tlie Chief Justice will sit on the first 'i liursday after New Year, and on each suc ceeding Thursday during January. His associate, Air. A. Barlow, will attend from 10.30 to 12 o'clock each Wednesday to issue summonses. ,.2ne -vny or a Publican to surmount the difficulties arising from deprivation of his licence was demonstrated in the Licensing Court yesterday. The court had refused a renewal of Mr. Patrick J. Slaltery's licence for the Exford Hotel, Russell-street, his ex cellent general character failing to outweigh the fact that he had carried on systematic Sunday trading. Judge Molesworth and his colleagues were yesterday afforded a chance to give practical; pi;op£ of,'j;heir .expressed regret at taking this step..' Slattery .'asked for the transfer of his licence to his wife, and the court, with a certain degree of hesi tation, granted it. Judge Molesworth re peated that it was a ease in which, if it were not a duty to refuse the licence on the ground of Sunday trading, the court would have been only too glad to grant tlie re newal because of Mr. Slattery's good re cord. At first sight the : court was in the quandary that by transferring tlie licence only a nominal change would be made in the position of tlie parties. The wife would be nominally licensee, whilst the husband- would be no doubt concerned in tlie man agement of tlie hotel as before. On the other hand, tlie object was not to decide cases in a way which would bring ruin to the persons coming before the court. It might happen sometimes that whole fami lies were turned out of houses in which they had been making their livelihood for years. As the licensing inspector considered that the applicant should be given another elmncc, and as Mrs. Slattery had assured the court that' she and her husband would in. future endeavor to obey the law as it af fected Sunday trading, it was only fair that a good hotel, doing a large business, should be given another chiuicc. Mr. Slattery would now be practically under his wife's protection. There would have to be no more nonsense about "bona fide travellers" and "lodgers." The members of the court were not to be humbugged by being told that 110 people visited the hotel within a very short period, and, alter careful scrut iny,. were found to be either lodgers of travellers. In" granting the transfer they were extremely reluctant, as they were going back to a great extent upon their .former decision. .An application for alimony pending the hearing of a suit for judicial separation .brought by a wife against her husband was made yesterday to Mr. Justice Hood, in the Practice Court, the petitioner being Esther Ann Kaiser, of Moor-street, Fitzroy, and the respondent John William Kaiser, of "I.eongatha," Iliversdale-rond, Hawthorn, builder and contractor. Counsel making the application .stated that the parties were married in April, 1809, and that Mr. Kaiser . had a "comfortable" income, and. was the . owner of a house worth £1700. Petitioner sought alimony, at the rate of £300 a year. On behalf of respondent it was contended tlint his income, was not more than £250. It was pointed out that although Mrs. Kaiser was in her own right entitled to pro perty pf the value of £1000, respondent was willing to allow her 30s. per week as alimony Pendente lite, but beyond that he Could not be expected to go.- Mr. Justice Hood said the offer seemed a very reasonable one, and he . fixed the alimony 'at 30s. weekly, costs of the application to be costs in the cause. At the request of counsel for respondent hii Honor granted an order nisi, returnable on 28th inst., for a writ of habeas corpus directing petitioner to bring' into court her son Clifford, aged 10, witli the object of de termining who . shall have the custody of the boy. Mr. Neighbour appeared for the petitioner, and Mr. Eagleson for the re spondent. For years past the officers of the Vic torian and Riverina branches of tlie Rank , of Australasia have at eacli Christmastide thoughtfully made a shilling collection, with the object of providing a Christmas treat for tlie inmates of tlie Hospital for Sick Children. This year the sum thus collected amounted to £13 11/. Ml. A. W. -Bilker, missionary, from .Toh.uiiK's- bure. .will conduct a meeting io-day, from 1 (o 1.30 P.m., at the Y.M.C.A. rooms, 10S ltussell- street. There will lie an organ recital at' the Town Hall, this afternoon, at f o'clock, by Mr. Charles Sykos. Tlie programme appears in our advertising co lumns. ' To.day's ' auction sales will include tlie follow ing:— 51, -ssrs. llenuchamp Bros., furniture. A'c. , Collins-street, 11 a.m. Messrs. Plcasanee, Graham and styles,, zinc linings, south wharf, 10 a.m. Mcfe-rs. Ocinmell, Tnckett and Co., furniture, oil pi in I ir.es, Arc., Malvern, 11 a.m.; with Messrs. M. It. Looker and Sons, properties ..at Malvern. Cakleigli and Mulgravo. Collins- street. 3 p.m. Messrs. Sydney C. Arnold and Co., with Messrs. Holmes unu Glide, cottages at Kensington, queen- street, 11 u.m. Messrs. \V. levers and Sons, city hotel, Ac., Collins-street, noon. 