World of Labour. Sounh and strong coolies can now com mand 3s. a day working in the Queensland canefields. Hooray for the Philp and Dicksou Government ! Half-yearly balance- sheet of the New South Wales branch of the Seamen's Union to hand, showing splendid progress, and reflecting credit on both officers and members. The Missouri legislature has passed a bill malting it felony to import armed men into that State. A necessary measurV against the Pinkerton and jther scab thugs of Capitalism. Thehe are hundreds of people in Russia eating grass to preserve life There are hundreds of thousands of soldiers in Russia, not one of whom ever earns a dollar, and not one of whom is required to eat grass. The Boot and Shoe Operatives Union in England has recently forfeited £300 be cause a branch went on strike contrary to the terms of the arbitrators' award. The penalty will teach caution and discipline. Deputation representing the unem ployed of N.S.W. waited on Premier Reid last week and stated that in Sydney alone there were between 4000 and 5000 out of work. Reid promised to find work for them shortly. Thk Victorian minimum wage law has raised the average wages of bakers 8s. a week, tailors 2s. 9d., furniture makers Gs. 5d., bootmakers 4s. 4d., and shirtmakers &s.; 2d. An ounce of practice is worth a pound of theory. Thirty thousand out of the eighty thousand organised workmen of Denmark are at the present moment locked out by a I few employers. The inteiests of the/ Danish workmen are the same as the! interests of Australians. J The Adelaide Trades and Labor Council have thanked Premier Kingston, for oppo sing the sweating evil down that way. There is no fear of the A.L.F. getting the opportunity of thanking 'Oily .limmy' for a similar good turn. L-iekson ain't built that way. Iron ship building yards in Sydney busy repairing steamers that were passed by the Marine Board, and afterwards found want ing. Sydney ironworkers, as well as the seamen and travelling public, owe a d*'bt uf gratitude to Sain Smith for stirring up that Marine Board. Jock Mathieson, the Victorian Railway Commissioner, has introduced a paint sprayer, said to do the work of seven men. It is worked by steam and fills the air with a mist of paint which the operator must inhale. Many employes have been in capacitated by it already, earning for the machine the name of 'death squirter.'' Just now can be discerned only the dawn of the factory system in agriculture. When modern business and scientific principles are fully applied to primary production, the days of the great farmer are at hand. When that time arrives, the little farmers who are now Conservatives, will vote the straight lalior ticket every time they get a chance. ''A Mechanical Bricklayer' has been patented in Birmingham for use in auto matically laying, cementing, and levelling bricks, slabs, stones and the like, in forti fications, piers, bridges, viaducts, ware houses, dwelling-houses, and buildings of every description.' The people must own the machinery. There is no other road to escape from slavery. Uni»ek the Conciliation Act of N.S.W. a conference opened -in Sydney on Monday last to consider the Lithgow coal miners' grievances. One side represented the coal Jiarons, the other the coal miners, the Minister for Mines taking the chair. The N.S.W. coal barons will yet force the Government in the interests of industrial peace to take the mines from them. Italian brigands pray to their favourite saint for the success of a plundering ex pedition, and afterwards make a thank offering out of their booty to the shrine of their patron. There is nothing unusual, however, in this. We have ' 'seen a 'sweater' pounding his breast in a front jiew, and parting with some of his booty when the collection plate came round. ' Indians and Assyrians occupied in the hawking trade are continually appearing in the petty sessions courts in the northern N.S.W districts. Complaints are also made by the public that the aliens do not hesitate to intimidate women in lonely parts so as to force their wares upon them.' When it comes to intimidating women, it will shortly be 'Johnny, get your gun.' Talking about the thrift and industry of the Italian immigrants we were threat ened with, six months ago the world was scandalised to learn that the Italian pea sant was compelled, in order to keep him self from d- ing of starvation, to mix clay with Hour in niakingcal.es We also know of the notorious hunger nuts, in whi.h law and order shot down the poor hungry ones in Milan and other places. The thrift of the Italian evidently has'nt made him pros perous in his own country. 