[?] Afghan camel drivers work for t'4 a year. Lane anJTiis family haw left Coamn colony for New Zealand-^evidently for good. , There are 205 coloured aliens in Queens land goals at present costing the bleeding taxpayer a half-crown a day, to keep. The steamer Zaida sailed from London on August 19 for Queensland with :-0 Scandinavian immigrants on board. Poor l3eggars ! Chief Swashbuckler Gunter talks.of the Dickson Ministry, in the correspondents laid before Parliament, as my MinUry. Talk about impudenc? ! Is every Australian province the male Imputation exceeds the female. Two thirds of the people of Westralia an3 mates, Xext comes Queensland with 50 males to every 44 females. Joe Lesina vows that one valiant swash buckler who is screaming to get at the Boers suffers from gout and rheumatics and another wears steel corsets to keep hi* figure from collapsing. What a fine looking thing is war. Yet, dress it as we may, dress and feather it. dajub it with gold, huzza it, and sing song^ about it. What is it, nine times out of ten, but murder in uniform. — Jebeold. 'Gilbert Casey's Paraguayan wife ha* presented him with .a baby boy, with blue eyes and red hair. The red hair ha caused quite a sensation amongst the natives, their children's being dark/' A William III. law which the pre^nt Criminal Code eliminates from the Statute makes it a misdemeanour punishable by loss of civil or military employment, with imprisonment for three years upon a second conviction, for a person to assert that there are more God's than one. Geobge Black has founded Th- K'«t--r a new Sydney weekly published at Id. With his widely known journalistic ability and his knowledge of politics and reform economics, it is, and must continue u- l-e a most welcome addition to the list of journals that deserve both support and success. The Queensland contingent for the Transvaal are to encamp in a paddock ad joining the Eagle Farm meat works prior to their departure. It has been suggested that they should ^practice slaughtering sheep and cattle several hour* a day in order that their appetite for blood may i-e thoroughly whetted. The Thursday Island Jao. shellers have attained a skill in detecting the piv-Hic* of pearls in shells by external appearances that baffles the shellers of every other nationality. Therefore they get home on the cheap labour employers by stealing pearls in spite of every precaution. Cheap labour is always dear labour, m the end. There was a case of unconscious hj^m'- ? tism in the Assembly the other night. Charley M 'Donald asked the Premier to k«ep his hair on, and Dickson's hand imme- [ diately wandered over the expansive fore head on the top of his skull in search of the hair. Then the old fellow awakened from the hypnotic state and felt his whiskers Only the barest skeleton of the .Ting' newspaper lies are cabled. The re-t is: imaginative padding. If the public could only see the original of that gory rable about the Boers maltreating women— which ran into 40 or 50 words of hysterical details— it would probably be found to consist of the sentence 'Boers desperate' or two or three such equivocal words. The capitalist daily is both by nature and by profession an unscrupulous liar. ; Twenty-two lepers were discovered in i Queensland in the last twelve months. Fourteen of these were kanakas, three English, one Danish, one Queet^lander, two aboriginals, and one Chinaman. The 'germ of leprosy still evades the pursuit of scientists but it is believed that leprosy can ] be contracted through a' broken skin. I*y the way there are six children in the Orphanage whose parents are regi-^red a- j being in the lazarette. j A clever capture in connection with the j local murder was made recently by the j Winton police. A suspicious-looking in- 1 dividual arrived in the- town on top 'fa j bullock dray. He had a swag and wore j goggles. This was pnough. He was promptly seized, and in spite of hi* pro- I testations flung into the dungeon cell. J Later on he proved himself to be a Torm- I ville deteetive looking round for a clue. 1 Nevertheless, the police are to be I commended for their action. If they I would only persistently arrest each other i until the whole force had got itaelt i under arrest, including Parry Okeden. 1 and the Royal Commission, the present 1 trouble would be satisfactorily and ex- I peditiously solved once and for all. M 