Agent- General. Annual Report for 1898. The report o( tho Agent- Go'norttl of Queens, land -for tho year 189S, wua laid bofnrb Parliament en Friday, and is chiefly remark- ablo for the fact that it is tha longest ever presented by an Agont-Gonorul for this oolony. Sir Horaeo Tozer prcfaoas his resume of the year's work by mentioning that ho entered upon the duties of bis new ofltae an April 29 of last year. The following is a condensed reprint of the report : — EiaaitSTioR. There havo boon fewer nominated emigrants despatohed during last year than iu 1897; nevertheless tnuuh useful work has heap performed in widoly - dis seminating information about our oolony, und. as a result, the monthly stcamors to Queensland have carried a greater number of fitll.paying passengers than usual. The Board of Trado emigration returns show that there has born a deorease in the itumbor of passengers of British origin who left tha Unite < Kiugdom fur pinqos beyond Europe as compared with 1897, the total being 146,630, as against 146,460. - There was a deorease to the United States of 4,922, and to tlto Capo andNatnl of 1,314, while Australasia show a decrease of 1,35$, British North America shows en innreaso of 2,094. All other places show u deorease of 3331 During the year passages were engaged for 421 J statute adults, eqn-tl to 454 souls. All the Quyernmont passengers wore nominated emigrants, exeopt one man in the first steamer, who wus a full- payer at the reduoed rate, whinh had just coased, and one girl in the last Htenmer. who was afroo emigrant. The full-payors iu tlio saloon and stnemgo havo beeu added to show the nunit>er of persons who went to the colony during tlio year by tho B.I. lino of steamers. The total number -was 7S5 - souls, equal to 7 1 0 J statute adults, A Queensland blackfellow and his gin were also sont out, who a-e not included in tho above numbers. A Queensland family named Watson, from Paraguay, consisting of 5 souls, equal to 3 statute adults, wore also sent out in the steamer Orotava, an November U. but as their fares woro to be ropaid to tho Govern ment they are not included in tlio above list. The social condition of the nominuted emi grants was ; Married men, 24 , married women, 30 ; single men, 151; ftinglo woition, 184; children between I and 12 years of ago, 5.'|; und infants, 6, Their natiotmlitins were: English, 165; Scotch, 44; Irish, 201; Get-mans, 20 ; Italians, 6 ; Danes, 10 ; and Swedes, 8. The colleatinns ou savings bonle account from pasaongors proceeding to the colony amounted in tho your to £689 aa against £1,425 in the previous year. Daring the year Mr. G. Ruudall hits beeu uotively engaged in advertising Queensland, und duitig everything possible to promote emnrrutitm tn tlm colony. Mr. Randall had arranged fur tlie representation of Queens land at tho following shows during 1898: Alexandra faluac, Somcl-set. Oouuty Sh»w, Dovun Comity tiliow, Bath and West Ceun ties Show, RuyalConiwallSoaiafcy'sShow, Birmingham Kuvul Society's Show, High land and Agricultural Sooioty of Soiitlaud's show, Nortliiiritbcrlsind Oounty Bltow, York- siiiro Siniw, Leicoster tsiunty Sliuev. Sii-tr-x Ounnty Show. Sttift'-trdshire County Show, Baknrs' attd Cuufeorioncra' Exhibition (Isling ton), Grocers' and .I'rovision Meri.-lmtit-s' l-lx-1 hibilioii (Islitigtou,, Itdiugiou Dairy Shotv. Norfo k hat Stock Show, Smitliiiold Club Fat Oattio Show, l-'arnhum Fat Stock Show. (Retails of Mr Randall's work havo appearod iu the Telegraph in the form of monthly reports from time to time tun ing tho year.) i lMiuni-rtox a wests. Acting upnn a cablegram received from Ibo Queensland Giiverutnt-itton December 2S, (S97, tlm Ageut-Gi-ueral eaus-.sl u circular lotter to be scut to uuiirly 1,999 agents throughout tlio United Kingdom, notifying that free and assisted passages n-uuid ha i.-suod to donie.-i in .servants uud agriculturists of a desirubio class, aud setting forth tho conditions under which tlm pas-ages would bo grunted. SCANDINAVIAN EMIGRATION. It will be remembered that in the last report of this dopurrmunt it was stated that preliminary steps were boing taken to pro- mote emigration of full-paying passengers from Norway, .Sweden, and Denmark by the translation of literature into the Scandinavian languages for gratuitous distribut ion by agents Mr. August Larsen was appointed on May 1 to continue this work actively, and directed to proceed to the count- abovonumc-il oa a linen weeks' tour to personally interview emigration agon Is there, and l-eport ou tlto best way of ootidtioting operations. Mr Larsen visited Copenhagen. Malmo, Stock holm. Ohrietiuuia, aud Gothenburg, uud oil his rcthru furnished a full report of his work with oortaiu yeoontineiidntions, tho principal ouo being the appointment of a certain iimnber of head agents in tho different districts of Scandinavia to supervise ami coatrol subageuta ia their respective districts. These racninineudalioiis woro adopted. Mr. Larson made u second journey (September 10 to October 81 to personally interview tho agents and make them thoroughly acquainted with the requirements of the Government, aud so enable thorn to reply to many inquiries at oitue, without refereitr.0 to the Aguut-Getmral. It must be remembered tlmt before this year there was not iu Scandinavia one person in a hundred thousand, of tho class the onlouy requited, possessing any knowledge of Queensland, and oven people who want to emigrate look with suspicion on any place they are uot familiar with. It must take sqmo time boi'ore the. so people got confidence in und bocoiuo familiar with a new oouutry. When people begin to writs home aud tell thpir friends that thoy aro satisfied with tha condition of things in tho oolony. then only will emigration from .Scandinavia become vory important. In America thoro aro 2,000,060 Scandinavians, and nearly every body who oiuigratos thorn knows that ho will moot with friends and relatives. It is not sq with our oolony nt ptysont. The groutest ubatuulo is the expeuao of reaching Queens land. Many go to Cituudu und America ou account of the low prioo of the passage. Canada lias worked the Scandinavian field systematically by advertisements for six or Heven years, and bus' now a good portion of tho emigration therefrom. If it (uiuld be possiblo for emigrants to go to Queensland for the same price at which they out! now go to Cunudu, it would bo possible to attract many persons to her shores who now go elsewhere, Tito Agant-Goncrul suya he is convinced that Scandinavia is not only an excellent, but the bost field for Queensland to obtain emi grants from in future. Thorn are no peoplo in Europe who omigrato so largely us the Scandinavians, because it is hard for them to get on iu their own countries, where the soil is poor ; they are familiar with the idea of emi gration, nearly evory man having friends or relatives abroad. The first full-paving pass'engor from Soan- dinavlu, ns tho result of tho work there, was a Swedo, who went to tho noloiiy ou July 27, Ho wus followed by three Swedoson Septem ber 28, ono Dane and a. Danish woman on Ootober 28, two Kqrwogians and ono lady uud a child on November 9, muking a total of Hit adults for tho year. Those par-ens booked their psssnges through tlio agents, hut others may huve gono to tho colony who took thoir tiokote elsewhere. . This result may not seem very considerable, but the work from May 1 to December 81 must be considered almost of a preparatory nature. Itapun NoKtwrioSS, Forty Itnlians have been nominated for passages to Queensland, hut up to tho present it hnB not been possible to arrange for a steamer to call at pity Italian port for them. Sir Horaoe Tozer hopes shortly to arrange with the Orient Company, or some other, to qiivty tliem at a reasonable rate. Mr. Fmueune, who has given ntuoh atten tion to tlm question of Italian emigration, finds that ho ciin Obtain many very desirable peasant farmers who wonld he willing to emigrate provided some inducements other than that of cheap land oould be offered thorn: He also save that he can get any number of splendid girls from North Italy for domestio servants, if the temporary inoonveuionce arising from nu bnperfeot knowledge of Eng lish would he nq obstacle, Expert cultivators of grape yinea and experienced wineinakora can he procured if good wages tirognaruiitecd. It eeetns suol( men are in domand in thoir qwu country at good wages, and 'therefore special inducements must pa offered so qs to attract thi-tn ta Quooqeland. Mr, Ftnuoiiqe also informed the Agent- General that tho Minister for Oommeroe and Afifilpul- ture ia Italy had sent for him not long ago to consult with him as to what fiieilities tlto Queensland Government would offer if a colonisation cohemo were put on foot About'' the same time he saw several gentlomon, possessing capital, who were very anxious to acquire land in Queensland with tho viow of forming small Italian settlements which, undor corrain conditions, they qoukl maintain and manage. These capitalists were iu accord with the Minister of Oommeroe and Agriculture, and received his support. At the interview with the Minister. Mr.Finuoane explained the system ot acquiring land undor our present laws, but the Minister appeared so enthusiastic with tlio idea that ho requested Mr. Finttcano _on hie rotum to Australia to nonsuit wttli Gmimtnndntore uoree, tho Italian oonsul-geueral iu Australia, and with the Prime Minister of Queen-laud, to soe what could ha dono, and espeoially wishod him to report tq him 0» tho matter. LtxanA-ruBis akd AnveniistKO. , The various pamphlets issued by tho A gont-Gennrnl for distribution in the United Kingdom are reforred to iu detail, and tho various means adopted fur advertising Queensland are fully described, lleforonco is also made to tho efforts of oertain individuals and newspapers to dissuade intending emi grants frotn starring for Queensland. Govkkxukmt Indents. Details of Govornmont indonts executed through the Agent-General's Ofiiuo, together with freight and shipping returns, aro givoti. Militauy Anvisan. On the death of Lieutenunt-colnnel -J. F. Hurmaii, R.A., arraniionients weru made with Lioutonant-eolonel Eden M. Baker. R.A., to oarry <>n tho work of militm-y adviser and inspector of warlike stores teni- Hirariiy, penning tlio iippuintment of Colonel dai-nian's sucoossor. lull oil Colonel Gordon boing solroted lty tho majority of the colonies to perform tho work for one your, Colonel linker intimated ou July 25 that ho was nn- ublc Li coutitiuo the appnintiitent as regards Queensland and Now Zealand uloue, ns heittg on tlio autivo list ho could not draw tiny pay from Imperial funds whilst so employed, ttn'd would thorefow suffer peeuniiu-y loss, Tho Crown agents tor tho ciiionics worn accordingly a-lmd whether ' thoy had tttiy objection to their tail) tnrv adviser noting for Queensland utul Now Eealaud in the inspec tion of military stores. &a..; and their cotisout lioiug obtaiueu. nrratigemonts wore made witli Mujof-gencnil E. Hiirding Steward, O.M.G.. late Royal Engiiioer- (who psrforutnd the work uf military adviser for the Queens land Govcrnuimit sonic years ago until it was decided to appoint an ofiicoi- on the active list) to perform tho duties nnuporarily. CoMJIBUUIAt. Reference is made lo the work pctiornio.i liy Mr. W. Fitsueatto as cutuincrrial agent for (iurcnslaiui in' southern Europe. Returns of tho imports into the United Kingdom of live cattle, sheep, and horse's; ttisu of frozen meat, butter, and other Quoonsluad pruducj are given. Ftooiis 'jn batstiaxe rivku. Tim tVuino of Oulpael J. Pennvcuiok. of tho Royal Indian 'Engineering College, having been given to.'.'tho Age'nt-Genarul us onu of the very highest sutfibritios oil the subject of dealing with lldod waters, ho approached tlm I iroallotmm with a view to his submitting a complete suhctne for tbo prevention of floods in the Qiiocnsland rivers. Colonel Potiny- ouiuk found that it was impossible for him to make a porsoual visit to the colony for tlm purpose, but till possible data was accordingly furnished him, aud tup October 10 ho sub mitted ti bric-f outline of his proposed scheme, miikiug certain suggestions, whiolt wus duly forwardod tti the colony. . AppoiNTJtESTSOPNoN-CCMSttSSIONEDOmqKBS. The following uon-cuminissitiiied officers wore nominated by the War Office for service with the Queensland Defence Force : Corporal Albert Harry Wales. ft.A.. as battery ser- geunt- majm-, Queensland Permanent Artil lery ; left, in the s.s. Oritha on April 29. IS9S Colotiv-sorguaut G. B. Ghiiroh, 2nd Battalion -hiniorserahiru Light Infantry, -as sergeant- instructor of Infantry ; sailed for the colony in the s.s. Orttba on April 29. 1898. Lance" sergeant Albert Smith, as military staff clerk ; sailed in rite s.s. Orizaba, whiob left London op J ply 22. ExrnsinTCRu. Tho Hiittiof£13,K43 was paid to Her Majosty 'a Admiralty as Queensland's contribution Inwards the Australian squadron, uud £3,27U nit accutinc of coastal surveys. . fiuras of £5,0o 18s- Sd- and £5,163 14s. 8d. were paid to the Bunk of England for tlio manage ment of msoribed stool: to December 31, 1897. and Juno 30. IS9S, respectively. Tho dis bursements from the Queensland Gnvt'i-niuont Agent-General's account current for the year amounted to £26,346 2s. 10d. fpr general purposes, and £126,498 Is. 106. for indonts, nuking it total expenditure through the offioe of £180,975 18s. ConUESPONDRNOU. The number of iottcrs. parools. &c;„ which passed through tho office during the year woro ; — Read. Dcs. Government despatches and tolegraius.. ; .. . . 1,207 1,353 Ordinary letters recorded . . 6,620 — Ordinary letters .. ., — 13,490 Emigration letters . . , . 4,320 — Emigration letters, printed matter, and parcols .. — 05,371 Total .. .. 11,147 70,214 POSTOEIPT. Neoessity for Department.— The foregoing roport hits, continues Sit- Hnraoo Tozor, been prepared, in uccurdnnoo with previous practice, by the secretary . of this lioparlraont, Mr, Dickon, but doubtless on this occitaintt you may ospeut somo goneral observations frutn myself, I notico that it hue been quostiottod wliother thoro oxists any necessity for tho qqntinunuoo of this department at all, or if so, with any such officer us myself as its head. To detprmlue this question properly the bost course for mo is to define the general nature of the work as it bus been porformed during tho pnst 1 1 tnunths, and from a careful considera tion of what has beeu done — altogether independently of the fHOt that every colony with responsible government has a similar officer ana staff iu this metropolis— I think you can arrive ut no other conclusion than that the department is a result of necessity so long as the imperial connection eonrinuns, our loan indebtedness and requirements remain, goods and material are purchused, and people and capital are required from here. Agent-General's Duties.— Amidst multi farious details in practice I have found that what is required of myself is — 1 . To carry qpt the statutory duties imposed ou me by tho Immigration Aot of 1682 und Amendment Acts of 1884, 1886, and 1887, whioh inchido the negotiation of the bost arrangements for the transport of emigrants, the selection of only such free emigrants as are likely to return fqfl value to the colouy for tho money invested in their passage, the measure of pecuniary assistance to be given to individual farmers in aid of their passage, tho systematic distribution of knowledge of the colony's rasnproes and prospects by means of literature, leoturevs, and personal addresses by myself, the economical organisation of agencies, and of all manmr of advertising media for further ing emigration of tho right kind. 2\. To represent the aulonjr in all its trans actions with the Colonial Office. 3\. To attond to its finunuinl arrangements with tho Rank of Engiuu'd apd local hankars, see that tho interest on both debentures and taoribed stock iB provided and punctually paid, and.tbat oil liabilities of tbo oolony ou every account are promptly met. 4, To represent the oolony at all oonferoncos and other consultative gatherings— either in Great Britain or on tho European continent-T in which ' the politioal, material or eaoUl interests of the colony are involved. 5\. To attend regiilarly at tho ofiloe for the purpose of giving full aud reliable informa tion in regard to the colony's industries and praspeots. with a viow to the investment of uapital and for maintaining its credit, and to oxumino und promptly answer all communica tions for information and advice. G. To aarist produoors and their commer cial agents to obtain tha higbest prioo for all imports from the oolony. 7\. To arraugo for tho representation of the colony at all exhibitions, und particularly tq explain the liberal provision ot tho land attd mining laws with a view to encouraging the investment of capital. 8\. To arraugo the best eystem for the purchase of material and stores by competitlvq tender, for proper inspection and tor forward ing at the most renannable ratoa. and for the adjustment of ail disputes whioh utity srito iu connection with ettoh purchases, 9\. To roprosont tho various departments of tlie Executive Government of the colony iu all matters spooinlly referred by them, to me, which this your have included- the arbitration in conncctiou with tho Caauarina dredge; negotiations for the settlement of disputes nonneetcd with the steamer Premier; the Postal Conference ; the conference on clima tology, hydrology, anil medical geology at Liege ; tlie conference oi) the preparation of a catalogue of acientifio literature in London ; oontoren'co in regard to the coinage of stiver ; conference concerning tho Paoiflc cable ; the fluod water prevention salterns, and tlio selec tion of Ouhinel Peuttyeuick ; the appointment of military adviser and inspector and other military officers; the engagement of Mr. Bates 'as adviser on Queensland harbour requirements ; the appointment of locumotive engineer, Mr. Nisbet : the inspection at Antwerp of tho finta dredge- at work, and the cbeok inspection of tho effentiro work of this system of dredges ; tho Sugar Batipth-a Conference : Earl's Court Exhibition ; Article CHub'i'timmerciul Exhibition, Crystal- Palace ; exhibition of leather, and conferences with Mr. Fintu-ano mill Hi. Hcnssler on their respective commercial missions lit Europe, &c;„ An., Ac. In addition to this, I gave special ad dresses: AtNiittiiigliiuu, to tho publin at tha Moiiliuiijns' Institute ; lit Westminster, to tho Technical Oallcge students ; tit the Royal Colonial Institute, to members and friends ; at tlio Imperial Institute, to tho public ; ut Huggorstuu, to working men ; at Edgwure road, to working men : at the Hnu-e of Commons couimitten-ruum.s, to members of Purltunicut on sugar bounties ; at the large liall, Oaiitiiiu street, city, to commercial man ou sugar bounties ' as iiffeellng tbo Queens land sugar industry : nt tbc mimial Quoeushuid dinner; at tho Hullxi.-u Restaurant, tq tbe sitlr-suieii of tlm cotuniai seetian uf Sniithficld Meat Market at thoir annual celebraticti , at tho Australasian Glnb on their open ing in tlio city ; at the Article Olub eommei'uiitl debates mi four occasiuns, ou tho subjects of compulsory arbi tration, patent taws, value of exhibitions, and sugar bimntios, uud took soma Isadiug pans in numerous other public intuitions us the tepivsontativu of Queensland ; at the Royal Colonial institute, on tliu New Guinea di-a-ussiuii. From this you will be able to Turin a gopil idea whether soma Agcnt-Gi-uorul should bu liero or not. My own opinion is tlmt if Queensland is to hold its pruptn place atuougst tlio cohiuies of tlto empire, tlto i-nm- mrarively small expouso of tins department s numoy presently wisely mmln, and I would go oven so far as to offer you toy experience. that orcu if the oiiittmotiwealrii is noustitiued under tho present constitution, the special iuti.Tcst of Queensland in regard to. matters not affected by tho constitution will sitil requiro a general agency in thin metropolis, involving an expenditure which, after dis- pein-iug with tlio salary of Agent-General, will uot admit of much further reduction for ofiloiout administration. Departmental Estimates. — .Iu ontiolueion, I cannot refrain front expvea-ing my regret that tho important work done by this department is not sufficiently recognised or appreciated in the colony. 1 feel sure that tlto want of sympathy so generally displayed by members of the Login lativc Assembly, when the estimates for its efficient miuntouaiice are submitted to them oaoii year, can only ariso from tbe very in- nufiiotont infoi million given them. At the time of tbo general retrenchment I was n putty to tho "pruning" of this office, and t have moro than once submitted tha estimates to tho Assembly ; but till I earns hero aud saw for myself the work dono by the staff I had no adrqiiato idoa of its volume nor importance. From my own observations 1 am now enabled to give the opinion which I assume my long experience of departmental work in the colony will entitle me to give with some weight aud authority -that the colony is not more faith fully served by any branch of its civil service than by tlto general staff of this office, und that in point of effioienoy and economy it compares moat favourably with nuy other colonial deparimcut lit Lundon. Tlie regular annual cost of tbo department in both branches ilbes not. exceed £6,600, Including the salary paid myself. - Officers.— I would like io ndd a few words about, the individual officora. Thoy lvboiir under the great disadvantage of distance, hut tiro hopeful tbut their cases when known will now rooetvu some consideration. Mr, Dickon, uflor 27 years' sorvjoo (trad without even the unofficial notico whiolt local officers lmd), was ill 1893 unexpectedly reduced irom £860 to £549, and though this bus situiu been gradually restored to £700, he new receives — after 33 years' service — £100 a year less tlnra lie did nearly twenty years ago. I know tha duties of ulmest all officers still receiving £800, and I cuii confidently stuto the work and responsibility here and tlie ability generally displayed by Mr. Dioken com pares "most fuvotirably with any of these, uud entitles him to tlio remuneration ho prcviuttsly got. With the classified public sarvioo list before rae I am inmblo to discover tho name of any officer who, for length of sot-vice, ability, energy, and loyalty, could better fill any position it) tho ordinary division of tlto service than Mr. Uioknu. Not only is tho work worth tho sulary proviouBly paid, especially after sq many years of aervioo, hut I find thur the cost of livittg iq London is nocessurdy com paratively much higher than iu Queenslutid, eortainly for any person holding tbo pusirion of a first- class officer iu tlie pnblio sorvieq. I oan only state that I find iu my own oxperi- enoo tlie £1,009 received in Brisbane wont furthor than the sum paid mo hers It seems an uuumuly that the foreman of a skilled branch of the service recently appointed, aud doubtless most qualified, received on entry into the service £1.6U0ayear, whilst the secretarial head of this offioq, one pf great responsibility, and field by a profession!! gentleman pf ettph long eofvuie, is allowed to remain at tho re duced salary of £700 u yoar, whilst tbis is also subject to a heavy income tax. With regard to the junior members of tbo general staff, I have tnado snob recommendations to tho Government (is will, I hope, roceiya favourable cqnsidorstian at thoir hands. I urn suro Parliament will, when acquainted with the fapts, make n just and liberal pro vision for men who, by their location here, aro debarred from the ordinary obances oi promotion in tho serviue, and will at any rate not allow married men uf mature years with a good record to toil in tbis offioa after 24 and 13 years' service for the comparatively small salu? y of filQQ a year whilst undertaking responsible duties. 