LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. , The Speaker read prayers and took the chair at 3.30 p.m. INSPECTOR OF TOTALISATORS. Mr. Turley asked tho Homo Seoretary, — Did tho Public Scrvioo Board, iii accordance with section 3G of Iho Public Servico Act of 1S9G, certify that there was no person in the i service available and qunlifietl to fill tho posi tion of inspector of totalisators? The Home Secretary replied : An injpec- .ior of totalisators was appointed by the Department of Jnstioo for 12 mouths, from April 1 last, the necessity for such an appointment having been brought under tho notice of tho Minister by tho Under Seoretary of that dopartment. On the recommendation of tho Public Servico Board the officer ap pointed was excepted from tho oporation of the Public Service Aot. TOTALISATOR PERMITS. ffifr. Tueley asked the Home Secretary, — 1\. "What woro tlio number of permits granted by tho Government to nui totalisators during the years 1895-6-7-S-9? 2. To whom were such permits granted ? 3. "What amount of money pussed through tho various totalisators during tho samo years ? Mr. Foxton replied as follows : 1. Four hundred and six. 2. A return is being prepared of tlio information sought by this question. 3. Year ending June 30, 1S93, £150,6(35 8s. Cd.; year ending June 30, 1S9G, £157,061 13s. Gd.; year ending June 30, 1S97, £20G,35l 13s.; year ending June 30, 1898, £209,578 14s.; year ending June 30, 1899, £273,440 ISs. CAMBOOYA ELECTORATE. Mr. Dawson asked Mr. Mackintosh, the lion, member for Cambooya, — 1. Is ho cor rectly reported in " Hansard," No. 7, page 250? 2. If so, will he state tiio polling place where 400 votes wore actually counted, al though the roll only provided for 150 legiti mate votes? 3. Does ho know of his own _ knowlodgo, or has ho good reason to heliove, such stuffing of tho ballot-box actually occurred? 4. If so, will ho furnish tho House with all the information in his possession? 5. Docs he accuse mo of stuffing, inducing, influencing, being instrumental iu, or iu any way responsible for such stuffing of tho said ballot-box ? Mr. Mackintosh replied : 1. Yes. 2. Tho statement mado to mo by tho porson alluded to in my speech, in tho presence of the inom- ber for tho electorate, and not coutrudicted by the latter, reforred to a polling place north of Brisbane. 3, I mailo no statement to tho effect that tho ballot-box hail been stuffed. 4\. Answered by the answers to Nos. 2 und 3. 6\. As I mado no charge that the ballot-box had boen stuffed, it follows that I could not havo accused tho hon racmbor of un offence whioh I am not aware was committed. LEPROSY CASES. Mr. Dawson, on behalf of Mr. Lesina, asked tho Home Secretary, — 1. How mnuy eases of leprosy havo been reported to tho authorities during tho twelve months, Juno 30, 1S9S, to July 1, 1S99 ? 2\. What woro the distriots from whioh thoy came ? 3. What was tho nationality of tho patients ? Mr. Foxton replied as follows: 1. Twonty- . two. 2. Ayr 1, Brisbane 2, Bunduhergl, Cairns 1, Charlovillc 1, Cooktown 1, Oliilders 1, Gerald- ton 1, Ingham 1, Isisford 1, Mackay 9, Nam- hour 1, T'ownsvillo 1, total 22. 3. English 3\. Danish 1, Queenslandcr 1, aboriginals 2, Chinese 1, Pacific Islanders 14, total 22. TRANSVAAL CONTINGENT. Mr. Dickson moved, — "That this Houso renews theussurmieoof itsloyalty nnd devotion to tho throno ami person of llcr Most Gracious Majesty the Queeu, and as ovidonco of its sympathy with Her Majesty's subjects in the South African republic, who have for so long a period suffered burdensomo disabilities und grievous injustice, desires to support tbo determination of Her Mnjosty's advisers to secure tho immediate recognition of British lights in that republic. This House there fore views with approbation tho proposal of tho Government to equip, despatch, and muintain a military' force volunteering for servico with Her Majesty's army iu South Africa, consisting of 250 officers, non-com missioned officers, and men of tho Queensland Mounted Infantry, together with a machine gun section of tho Queensland Regiment of Royal Australian Artillery." Ho said it was with feelings of great satisfaction nnd pleasure that he rose to move that resolution, concerning as it did tho offer madu by a patriotic band of volunteors — (Oh ! Oh ! and Opposition laughter) — who sympathised with tho sufferings of their follow countrymen in thoTrausvaal. Thosewhohadvolunteeredhad, in doing so, shown that they wore not only soldiers of Queensland, hut soldiers of tho Queeu. (Opposition laughter.) Ho con sidered that tho men who hail boen accus tomed to military servico in dofonco of Queensland deserved thanks for tho offor thoy imd mado to servo olsowhero on behalf of tho empire. Mr. M'Donald: Yon havo not got 200 volunteers yet. Mr. Dickson said there would not ho much difficulty about that, and ho had very great satisfaction in recognising tho loyul offor mado by tho Queensland soldiers. Mr. Dunsfohd : The ovorcoats fctohod them. (Laughter.) Mr. Dickson said ho felt sure that any fooliug of dissutisfaotion whioh had boen oxpressed hud been duo to un imperfect knowledge of tho foots. Ho would remind them that tho men whonpit was proposed to send to South Africa wcro not going as Queensland troops, but simply as a body of men who woro willing to enlist under tho British standard. Mr. Maxwell : At 4s. Gd. a day. Mr. Dickson said tho sending of Queens land volunteors would servo us a valuable moral lesson, and to show that Qucemilundors woro worthy to bo classed amongst tho most loyal sous of tho British Empire. (Hoar, hear, and laughter.) He wished to prevent tho Houso from falling undor any misappre hension on ono point — tho Governmont were not compelling or oven inviting inombors of tho Dofonco Foreo to tnko sorvico in tho Trunsvual. Mr. Fisher: Who is calling for volunteers, thou ? Mr. Dioxson said a nuuibor of volunteors first oumo forward and requested tho Coni- \- mandant to offer their services. Mr. M'Donald : Why did not you lay thoso papors on tho table of tho Houso ? Mr. Diokson said all the papers in connec- . tion-with the matter whioh tha Gavornjnent possessed wcro laid upon the tablet Tho requests mado by the meg to the Commandant may havo been more verbid representation. In tho first instance tho Commandant repre sented to him that ho hud bcon requosted by a largo numbor of volunteers to nsk tho Government to offer their servioes to tho Imperial authorities for sorvioo in the Trans vaal under any conditions whatever. Mr. Glassby : Before any offer was mado Parliament should linvo been consulted. Mr. Diokson said tha request of tlio volun teers was simply that they might ho seconded for sorvico with tho Imperial forces in tho Transvaal. At any rate, tho offor mndo to tho Homo Government hud been accepted in a very gratifying form, and this occoptunco was really a high complimont paid to Queons land. Tho cablegram from Mr. Chamberlain whioh notified the acceptance, of tho offer showed that the action of Queensland was fully appreciated. Mr. Dawson : How many volunteors havo you got up to date ? Mr. Diokson said there woro quite enough to porrait of tho despatch of tho contingent as boou us tho sanation of Parliament had boon obtained. Tho offor inudo was of 250 men nnd a machine gun section, mailing perhaps 271 inou. That offor would bo fulfilled'. (Hear, hear.) His difficulty wits not to got togother sufficient meu, but to satisfy tho aspirations of the mon who had been in tho Imperial urmy, and who dosircd to proceed with tho contingent undor any circumstances, even ns private soldiors. Mr. Maxwell : Isupposoyoa don't know whether to go yoursolf or not. Mr. Diokson said he considered tho present was an exceedingly appropriate tijpe to mako such nn offer. Somo people hud expressed a fear that tho federation of tbo colo nics would ho but a stepping atono to cutting tho painter, but now that federation was practically accomplished, ho thought it a splondid opportunity of showing that tho heart of tlio pcoplo of Aus tralia was mora loyal now than over it was, and that Australians had risen inresponso to one great national impulso. It was not thu more offer to send 250 or 2G0 men to the Trausvaub which would mako ' or mar tho fortunes of tho British Empire. If ; tlio numbor sent wore twice ns largo it would not affect tlio impregnability of the British army, hut it showed that the Australian States recognised that they were part of tho British Empire, aud that when that empire was menaced thoy were willling to assist in maintaining its supremacy. Mr. Lesina : Thou it is merely an adver tisement of our loyalty. ' Mr.. Dickson said thoso who had come forward to offer their services had shown tlioir loyalty and their patriotism. They had shown also that they sympathised with the Outianders who were suffering from tho oxtromoly harsh and brutal conduct of tho Boers. Mr. Lesina : Question. Mr. Diokson said thoso wore the facts ns represented in the Press. Mr. M'Donald : What about Canada ? Sir. Turret : Yes, what about tho Cana dian offer ? Sir. Dawson : That was in tho Press. Sir. Annear : What about tho 300 Slay ors in Canada? Sir. Turley : I don't know about ' tho 300 mures or 300 liorsea either. (Laughter.) Mr. Dickson said the Boers had behaved in a most inhumuu maimer. Tlio treatment they hud meted - out to the refugees in Johannesburg was such as would not have been permitted by uny civilised people. Sir. DuNiFoiil) : Do not you think there might he another side to that question ? Mr. Fitzoeraed : How do you know that is true ? Mr. Diokson: It is so reported iu tho Press. Mr. Turrky : Tho Press published just as sensational reports of tlio proceedings in western Queensland in 1S91. Sir. Givkns : Was that news published before tho offer was mado by Queensland ? Sir. Dickson : No, it has transpired sinco. How could Grcut Britain permit such brutality to pass unnoticed ? Mr. M'Donald : What aid Great Britain do for tho . Armenians when thoy wcro oppressed und persecuted. Mr. Diokson said Great Britain was in such a position in regard to tho Trausvaul that sho must make a decided stand, or clso relinquish her supremacy in South Africa. Tho otter of a Queensland contiugent was, he contended, creditablo not only to the men who volun teered, but also to tho colony. Sir. Kerr : But Parliament wns not con sulted. Sir. Dickson said the notion of Queensland would moke a good impression. Mr. M'Donald : On wbom ? Mr. Dickson : On tho great Powers of tho world — (Opposition laughter)— particularly ut tho present timo, when Europo was prao- tically one camp of militarism. Mr. M'Donald : That's all tho more reason why we should look after tho defenco of Australia. Sir. Diokson said Great Britain had been tbo greatest colonising Power in tho world, and it was now for tho colonies to show thoir sympathy with tho mother country, and to show that she would bo supported by her great dependencies in uny eraergenoy which might arise. (Applause.) Ho was vory glad that Queensland had hud so grand an opportunity of giving practical proof of her loyalty to tho Empire. Ho hoped that members of tho Houso would all rise to tho occasion and support tho Government in tlio view thoy took that the solidarity of tho Empire wus ouo of tho first things which Australian statesmen and Queensland states men should aim ut. Ho would again remind thom that tho offor wus not to send Queensland troops to tho Transvaal, lint merely to assist in sending men who volun teered for service, and who were not under the Queensland Defenco Acts. Mr. Glassky : Tho offer was mado and it lias bcuu accepted. There is no gotting away from that. Mr. Diokson said tho offor was mado whon Parliament was not in sossiou. Tho corre spondence would show that it was mado on ,Tnly 10, aud as nil tho members know, Parliament had, of its own froo will, post poned its sitting until after Soptomhor 2. Mr. Glabsey : Well, tho Government's offer should not havo been mado until thou. Mr. Diokson: And the emergency would thou have xnissod away. Tlio earliest oppor tunity was taken of informing Parliament in the opening speech of what had boon done. Mr. Cowley : And that was adopted by tho House. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Diokson said ho did not therefore see how tlio Government could in any way bo blnmed for what thoy had done. It wns accepted by Parliament. Mr. Dawson : It was not accoptod. Mr. Diomon said tho Government liad-not committed tho country to any expenditure which they need bo afraid of. Mr. Dawson : Why do not some of you voluntcor? - (Laughter.) Mr. Lesina (to Mr. Diokson) : Yob, why don't you load thom yourself ? Mr. Diokson said ho did not for a moment argue that a Governmont should aot ia matters of great moinont without consulting Parliament whon it was possiblo to do so, but it must ho horno in mind that there were crises at whioh tho Exccutivo mnsttakeaotion ou its own responsibility. Mr. Glabsey: Yes, , that is so, bnt is this caso ono of thom ? Mr. Dioxson said ho behoved it was. QueonBland had taken a foremost place in the movement, and ho was proud of those men who eumb forward to volunteer. Mr. Fitzoerald : It is worthy of you. Mr. Diokson said ho dosirod to inform the House what tho expenditure involved was likely to be. (Hear, hear.) It was intended to provide equipment and trans ports for 250 mon and a mnohino- gun section to Capetown. Tho homo autho rities uudcrtook that after disembarkation tho men woro to bo treated as an integral part of tho Imperial forces, and undertook also to pay thoir passagohaok to tho colony. Ho thought tho offor was mi oxcccttingly generous ono on tho part of' tho Imperial authorities. Ho did not think that tho pay offered would fully recompense tho men who went. Mr. Glassey : Most certuinly not. Mr. Dioxson said tho Government intended to pay 4s. Gd. per day for privates during tho timo thoy woro on tho way to South Africa. When tho men landed at Oapotown thoy would ho paid Is. 2d. a day by tho Imperial authorities, and Queensland would under take to pay the balance to bring tho pay _ up to 4s. < Gd. . In addition to this arrangements would bo made for the paymont of compassionate ullowanoos in the esse of tho mou who foil during the war. Thou tho Bending of tho troops to South Africa -would enable them tebecomeroflcient in tho military art. Tho cost of tho equipment and conveying of the men, _ &o.;, would, be £31,980 according to thoir estimate, and thoir maintenance £1,600 por month. If they wcro kept for six months he did not think tho cost would exceed £00,000. ' Mr. M'Donnell : It is a big prico to pay. Mr. Diokson said this exhibition of national and patriotic spirit on tho part of Queensland citizens had already caused emulation in tho othor oolonios, and thoy also wore preparing similar expeditions. Mr. Dunsford : But thoy are asking their Parliaments before thoy mako tho offer. Mr. Diokson said tho offect of tho offor had been widespread among all portions of the British Empire, and ho considered tout the latter thoy had rceeivod from Johannesburg was a groat tribute in itself to tho action thoy had takon. (Hear, hoar, and jeers from tlio labour opposition.) Ho then read a portion of tho letter receivod from tho secretary of the Outhindcrs' Committee. Mr. Lesina : Another1 of Cecil Rhodes's tools. ' Mr. Diokson could hardly beliovo any membor of that Houso wouid approve of dopriviiig.British citizens of their just rights. A member : What aro thoir just rights ? Mr. Diokson said tho estimate of expendi ture over tho contiugent had been a liberal one ; £32,000 was likely to bo tho maximum cost, and all thoy nsked for was to support tho equipment, transfer, and maintenance of tho men who volunteered for tho sorvioo. That such au exhibition of ardour anil patriotism should lie circumscribed or rejected by members of that Parliament through mere apprehension of cost was to his mind boyond belief. He hoped tho incmbors would not attempt to diminish tho offer made. The Governmont felt' thoy had taken tho right step, and there was 'not tho slightest desire to conceal anything from Parliament. After somo futthor remarks to tho snmo effect, Mr. Dickson said tho details of tho total equipment ho had not given, but he would g;vo what further information ho had if required. He then moved the resolution of which ho hod given notice, and in conclusion, said emphatically that ho had repeatedly asked tho Commandant and the other officers ns to what were the feelings of the men on tho subject, and had heard th"ey wore anxious to volunteer. _ Ho believed that very shortly a sufficient numbor of qualified men would bo found. (Hoar, hoar.) Mr. Dawson rose to move an amendment. He said ho had listened with a great deal of interest and pleasure to Mr. Dickson whon introducing his motion. But ho assured him that it caused him (Mr. Dawson) just as much pleasure to oppose it. This thirst for blood, this jingoistic spirit, tliis overwhelmiug desire to hit somebody on tlio " point " and knock hiui out scorned to have manifested itself not only among many mombers of that Chamber who were of a warlike spirit, but to have reached ovon an old and honoured man liko Mr. Dickson. Mr. Diokson seemed to he indignant that members on that side of the Honso laughed in derision at those fearful talcs which had been published of late by tho Press. They, however, know by bitter oxporionco what the Press was capablo of when they wished to orcato a war soure. The Premier would no doubt recollect, in this connection, what awful tales were told in somo of the papers about shearers' outrages iu 1891. Tales liko these were coloured largoly through our boiug at a distance from the place, and our ruling prejudices. Thoy had, however, news from the Democrats and Radicals living in tho Trans vaal itself, who were not so anxious about this matter of Outlandors' grievances. The Radical Press in Great Britain were nonriv all in favour of tho Boors, and the leading Radical puper of England, JlegnohU's News paper — 'jeers and laughter from tho Govern ment side)— was in their favour of thoso people. So were Truth und the Sun. Mr. Dickson had alleged that one of his reasons why tho British Govermuentshould be supported in waging war with tho Boors was because of the great cruelties that had been perpetrated upou tho Outianders, espeeially tho women and children. Thoy 6hould look at tho othor side. Thoy read in tho Telegraph muoh of the indignities, penalties, aud cruelties inflicted 011 British subjects by the Boers. But what about the horriblo cruelties wo wero engaged in hero at this timo in inflicting on prisoners in our gaols ? Thoso, I10 thought, woro very much worse than any read out by Mr. . Dickson that afternoon from his documents. (Hoar, hear.) Ono paper said tho Boers had been spitting at females, striking tbem and thoir children, and taking tho babies away from thoir mothers in order to provoko tho husbands and fathers to retaliate, leaving tho natural presumption thut tliey would then murdor tho latter. Gould thoy imagiuo such a thing us thut to havo boou dono? For a Boer to havo grossly insulted a Britisher's wifo and ho not to have resented it — woll, ho would not ha a Britisher. (Hear, hear.) The very ahsenco of tho news that those outrages wore resented was proof that tho men could not he Britishers. Mr. Lesina: Thoy were committed in newspaper offices. Mr. Dawson : Whatever the metropolitan Press hero has said about tho Transvaal will have to be taken with a very largo grain of salt. A Ministerialist : Do not say that whon you havo often read long quotations from tho Brisbane Press. . Mr. Dawson said tho Premier had . said something about his not being responsible liimsolf for tho offer to the British Govern ment, but that ho was au intermediary, and the real parties woro tho soldiors of Queonsland, who volunteered through thoir Commandant. It was on that point ho desired information, for tho news ho had receivod up to that date was that at tho time the offor was made, on July 10, no volunteors had offered thoir scr- vicos. Iu foot it was not a matter of consult ing tho mon at all, and it was only after tho offer had been accepted that tboy sat about trying to get the men to volunteer. Up to date ho believed they had not been very successful. Ho asked Mr. Piokson when ho mado that offer iu J uly if ho had not got tho whole of thoso volunteers required, nnd lie would now ask him a very pointed question, — How many man had volunteered up to data? Mr. Diokson: I havo given tho answer explicitly. Mr. Dawson: Y03. one of those skilful diplomatic ' answers of an oxporionccd politi- oiun. You said tho obligations would bo striotiy carriod out. That was only saying that before the mon went to the transport ship tho full complement would bo there. (Hoar, hear.) (To Mr. Dickson) — How many havo voluntoorod ? A voice: Over 240. Mr. Dawson: Wo want to know the num ber of the volunteers of Queonsland who nskod Mr. Diokson to tako this action prior to July 10, 'and wo caunot find out. Ho was given tounderstand that " Major-general " Ricardo, or whatovor his title was, was going about tho country inviting thoso who wished to volunteer for sorvico in South Africa to como forward, and that in Toowoomba ho got tho lnrgo number of ton mon to volun teer. Mr. Annear : Is that from ti nowspaper? Mr. Dawson: Yes. (Loud laughter.) If tbo Governmont had already got in Brisbtmo moro volunteors than thoy required, why was it tifis man woe going about tho country in this way? Tho very foot of his going ronnd provod thoy had not got enongh. Mr. J . HatttT'TOn : Ho wants to mako a selection. Mr. Dawson expressed a hopo that all who went, inoluding tho oommunding officer, should bo subjected to medical examina tion. Ho had heard it said by an eminent military authority 'In Australia that tho wliolo of our Australian foreos would - not ho oallod upon to fight; what thoy would , havo to do would ho to mind bridges and guard villages- in tho roar of tho army. Ho was glad, to hoar this, beoauso it was quite possiblo that tho Boors might doublo on somo occasion and givo our army a lift in tho rear. (Laughter.) Ono .matter Mr. Dickson- laid great stress upon was that we Bhould renew our expression of loyulty. Ho (Mr. Dawson) did not seo tho nooossity himself, however, of sonding this .contin gent to provo thut loyulty. Ho also denied tho general proposition iu tlio motion that British subjects in tho Trausvaul were " labouring undor faurdonBouio dis abilities nnd griovous injustice." In Queens land, so long as a foreigner did not proclaim himself a loyal British subjoot ha remained disfranchised. '(Orics of dissent.) But the Boer doss not require that , tho man should BWcarallogianoe. " . -,1 Mr. Dalryxfle : You do - not know any thing about it. Mr. Dawson said tho ciipiro wns not in danger, so why should wo sonu troops. If that were tho case, or Great Britajn .was at war with a first-olass power of equal strength, it would bo their duty to send assistance. , Mr. Annear : Wo would send ton timos>ns' many. mon. ' Mr. Dawbon : Yes, it is quite possible. Mr. Annear : And they would go. Mr. Dawson, speaking of tho probable cost of the contingent, said it would really ho difficult to ostimato tho cost, us tho wur might lust six months, or six years, or 1G years. Mr. ' Annear : Or three months. .. - Mr. Dawson then contrasted tho liberality of tbo Governmont in the matter of tho con tingent with, nsho declared, their niggardli ness, in assisting local works and industries which would benefit Qucousluud, and tho sending of pioked mon out of tho country with tlio polioy of importing immigrants. Ho condomncd Mr. Dickson for making the offor withont first consulting Parliament, and declared that tho latter should not dolcguto tho control of its affairs into tho bonds of ono mnn and mako him a despot-. He would ask the House whether it was wise or uuwiso to sond a contin gent to South Afrioa to assist tho British Governmont, and whether it was an allowable practice that a Premier should commit a country to declarations of that description. His amendment Was that after tlio word " Qnoon " in tho second lino tho words bo inserted, " AVo disapprove of tho action of tho Govennneut in making an offer of troops to servo in Her Majesty's army ill South Africa, thus committing the colony to an indefinite- and' practically un limited oxpeudituro without tho.sanction of Parliament." Mr. Dunsforh seconded tho amendment. Mr. Dickson complained thnt tho words, proposed £0 bo inserted would not ho in symmetry with tho rest of tho motion. Ho contended thut tho Leader of tho Opposition had not the courage of his convictions. Why did I10 not come forward aiid directly oppose tho resolution? He declined to acoopt the amendment, which ho viewed as a very disingenuous way of dealing with such an important question. Tho amendment would havo tho effect of causing tho resolution to appear ridiculous iu tho records of the Houso. No oue would dispute- tho nbstraot question ns to tho duty of tho Governmont to consult Parliament wherever possible on nn important question, but in this caso there was decidod urgeuoy, and he contended that tho Govern- mentwas fully justified iu acting asithod done. Mr. Browne said ho was rather amused at the virtuous indignation expressed by the Premier at tho course Mr. Dawson bad takon. Ho thought Mr. Dawson had fully shown that ho did possess' tho courago of his opinions. Ho believed there wero twt) sides to the Transvaal question, just as there were to nearly over y quostion. He had really been surprised to lioar tho jingoistic utternuco of the Premier, whom ho had always regarded as 11 peace-loving citizen. He bolioved that tho, peoplo of Australia would go almost any length in defence of tho supremacy of tlio British" Empire; but ho contended that the_Transvaal wur was nut likely to endanger that supremacy, niid for that reusou he did" not seo the necessity of sending any Australian contingent. As a matter of fact, the first lotter among thoso submitted to Parliament tho other day wus tho one from tho Commandunt to tho Premier suggesting that a contingent should bo sent. That lotter did "not contain ono word about loyalty, hut wus simply tho lotter of a professioual .soldier. Another tiling was that when it was pro posed to better tho. conditions of tho indus tries of Queensland aud thus prevent sending pcoplo to Dunwiuli, no money wus forth coming ; but for sending 250 of tho very picked men out of tho colony Mr. Dickson was- prepared to voto £32,000. He was opposed to tlio l-nising of an un healthy jingoistic spirit in a land which always had boon peaceful. It was ono thiug to stand up and defend their country whon attacked, but it was quite another to Bend our young men out to unother country to aot us butchers in a quarrel in which thoy were not directly concerned. Mr. Arnsieonq denied that the Govern ment in offering to send out a contingent to tho Transviuil were animated by any jingoistio spirit. Ho proceeded to refer to tho grievances of the Ontianders in tho Trans vaal, and quoted as his authority tho blue- book issued by tho Colonial Office in Juno, 1899. Ho read a list of tho oomplaints mado against tho Transvaal Gov ernmont by tho Outlandors, such as dynamite monopolies, liquor licenses, taxation without representation, and many others. Among other things tho action of the Boers, he suia, lmd boon such ns to impedo industries and to stop tho rogulnr employment of labour. Mr. M 'Donald : Coloured lubour. Mr. Armstrong : No, white labour. The Transvaal Government, by its heavy taxation, had prevontod tho working of many industries. Tbo YolkBruud had removed certain railway charges, but it had imposod very heavy taxes on the Outianders instead, and principally on the gold mining industry. (An I1011. member: "That's what is the matter.") The judicial administration had also given great umbrugo to the Outlandors. Thoy wero really under tho will of tho Volks- raad nnd not of the law-courts. The jury under which tho Ontianders was tried was composed only of burghers, men whoso wliolo history showed that thoy woro opposed to the English. Tho expulsion of aliens had also given rise to much friction, hut tho system whiob gave the most trouble was that of " commandeering " our countrymen in tho Transvaal.. The people had also to submit to many acts of tyranny on thu part of tho poliao. He road tho petition whioh hud been presented by the Outlandors to the British agent at Pretoria, and sent by him to tho High Commissioner at Capetown, ' and then forwarded to the Queen. Tlio petition wus signed by 21,0S4 clear, sober-minded men. The Outiauders, when tho petition was drafted, know that thero wns no uso looking for assistanco outsido, but that tho proper redress for their_ grievances could only ho obtuined by obtaining representation iu tho Logishituro. Tho Lender of the Opposition said tho Ont ianders were asking for tho franchise without wishing to tako the oath of allegianoe. That wus a direct misstatement. Tho oath of allegiance was such and contained so many insults that any Britisher would revolt at tho thought of taking it. Tho' Ontianders wero asking for concessions in a country which was undor tho suzerainty of Groat Britain, a country which owed its independence to Groat Britain. Mr. Dunsford: They fought for their in- depondenco and got it. Mr. M'Donald: They won it at Majuba Hill. Mr. AnHSTnoNCi said that it had been Btated that tha Jameson raid was responsible for tho present trouble. He would not disouss that, bnt if hon. mombers wouldplook at tho posi tion with unbiassed minds thoy must seo that Groat Britain could not do anything elso but stop into holp their fellow creatures in tho Transvaal. Ho regretted to think that any man could stand tip and call a porson willing to go to ussist his own flesh and blood a coward for so doing. Govornment members : ' Hear, henr.") Thoso words would bo ro- momberod against tbo hon. member who used them, and that member had driven u noil in his own coffin by using thom. (Opposition ironical laughter.) That membor might aspire to a high position in politics, hut as sure as this remuined a British community he would nevor seo that position. Mr. M'Donald : Yon aro a false prophet. Mr. Aumsxrono called thoso who had volunteered bravo men. '(Opposition laughter.) They wero braver than those moil who had slandered thom. Thoy had hot to consider so muoh the mere sending of tho handful of mon us the sontiment expressed by the Bonding of the troops. As part of tho empire of Groat Britain it was thoir duty to lend u hand if thoy possibly could do so. - Ho boliovod tho proposal for tho Bonding of tlio Queensland troops to tho Transvaal would bo agreed to by 09 ont of every 100 persons in tbd colony. Mr. Chataway : I beg <0 movo tbo ad journment of the debate. Labour Members : " Oh !" und voices : "Ib thut tho position of nffaira?" Soveral members roso to speak, including tire Pre mier, and tho Speaker oallod on Mr. Diokson by nomo. Mr. Dioxson : Boforotho motion is put, I desire to read u telegram from Sir George Turner, Premier of Victoria. Mr. Fisiieu : I rise to 11 point of order. (Cries of "Chair.") IaskwbothorthePremier -will be in order in reading this telegram if it relates to tho snbjeot already diseassed. The Speaker : The Premier is speaking to the adjournment of the dobale, und so far as he has gono he has not transgressed the rnles of the House. Mr. Diokson then read the telegram, which 'referred to tho decision of tho Viotorian Parliament with regard to tho sending of troops to the Transvaal. Mr. Lesina : Read the ono from Adelaide. Mr. Diokson, continuing, stated that ho had not received a copy . of tho amendment moved by tho Leador of tho Opposition before it was submitted to tho House. Ho had not, therefore, f ally understood its purport. Opposition members : You replied to it. MTr. Diokson said ho now wished to state that he uccopted it as a motion of want of : confidence. (Govornmont members : "Hear, hear" ; Opposition laughter.) Mr. Browne: That is whut it was intended for. ' Mr. Diokson said ho had, therefore, assented to the adjournment of the debate until to-, morrow. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Dawson had no ohjeotion to the adjourn ment of tho debate if tho -Premier -took tho amundmont Ire hail, moved as a vote of want of confidonco in tho Government. Ho had booii acoused of showing a want of courtesy to tho Premier. Ho had only done what Ire was entitled to do? Ho had drawn up his amendment, had sub mitted it to tho proper authorities, and had moved it in tire ordinary course. Tho Premier was present when ire had moved it, and had listened attentively to his remarks. Opposition members : He replied to it. Mr. Dawson: Yos, and ho replied to it. Ho thought if tho Premier had considered it a voto of censure ou tho Govornment ho should havo issued the challenge whioh he now issued, und should havo movod tho adjourn ment. It was his duty to havo done eo. Ho (Mr. Dawson) was surprised to find that it took tho Premier several hours to discover what was the meaning of a simple amend ment of that kind. Ho might draw tho attention of members to tho fact that thore was ample ovidonco that tho Premier was in tbo habit of replying to something he did not understand. Opposition mombors : Hoar. hear. Mr. Dawson : I do not wish to ho rudo, but I suppose wo eon tulce it that such is the caso with evory ono of bis replies. Tho Premier had taken advantage of the oppor- . tunity to read a telegram from Victoria. Ho would ask him to road tire telegram from South Australia. Government members : You read it. Mr. Diokson : I liave not got it. Mr. Dawson then rend tho messages about tho South Australian Parliament, drawing attention to the fact that the proposals had in tho otise of tho Council been carried on the casting voto of tho President, wliilo in tho Assembly an adjournment had been obtained in a thin Houso on tho casting Voto of the Speaker. Tho telegram also stated that surpriso had been oxpressed at tho email number of meu who hud volunteered. Mr. Strphenson : That is not muoh to set against Now Zealand and Victoria. Mr. Dawson : It is a good deal to sot up against Queensland. South Australia is a self-govorning colony. Ho lmd read tho telegrams to counterbalance the effect of tiio message read by tire Premier. Ho repeated that ho. hud 110 objection to accepting tho -guuntlot thrown down by tho Premier, and allow his amendment to go as a voto of no confidence in the Governmont 011 this .par ticular notion. Opposition members : Hear, heur. Mr. Dawson said ho took it that it meant the usual tiling. No other business would he allowed to intervene Mr. Diokson: It will tako precedence to morrow. The Speaker put tho question for the adjournment of the debate. Mr. Drake said Ire felt set hack by the motion for tho adjournment of the debate moved by Mr. Chatuwny. It was tho first timo ho had risoiton that session to address tire House, and Ire thought it wns rather hard thut the Government should movo tha ad journment of tho debate. Thoy bud hoard a lot sbont. British justice, but hero tho Gov ernment had allowed one of its own members to talk for a oonplo of hours, filling " Hansard " with inflammatory stutemants, and then immediately after the adjournment of the debato bad boon moved. This wns a timo wheu tho public mind was being excited with sensational telegrams and sensational state ments mado by sensationnl persons, and it wns a timo when persons keeping a cool head should havo an opportunity of expressing their opinions. He strongly protested against tho action of the Government in allowing tlio vioivs of one side of the Houso to appear in " Hansard " aud not the other. Tho telegram read by the Preinipr had nothing to do with the debate, and ire wus distinctly out of order in reading it. He presumed ho would have an opportunity of expressing his opinion ou a future occasion, but ho considered he was justified in recording his protest against tbo aution of tho Governmont at that stage. Mr. M'Donald said tire uctiou of tho Govornment under tho eiroumstanccs, to ?ut it mildly, was a shameful oue. The remior had treated tire amendment ns a no-confideueo motion after considerable de bate, and at a timo whon tho Leader of the Opposition would not luivo the right of reply ing. The Premier had boen long onougli in the Houso to know how to conduct tho affairs of the Government. If not, why did ho not hand it over to tho Attorney- General? Labour .mombors: Or tho Secretary for Agriculture. Mr. M'Donald : Tho Premier allowed a speech of nearly three hours' dara- tioa, and then ire calmly comes down and prompts ono of his own Ministers to movo the udjournment of the debate. Under tho circumstances ho (Mr. M'Donald) thought that tire Govornment ought to be severely censured for the peculiar action whioli had been taken. If they had taken tho course when tho amendment was moved, 110 objection could havo bcon token to it. Ho hud ex pected that tho Government would liavo takon that coarse then, but tho Premier mado a long rambling speeoli in reply to tho amendment, und thou ut nearly 9 o'clock at night he admitted that ho know nothing about tho amendment nnd nothing of what ho had been talking about. Tho Government whip had been nil through the Houso to try to find oat the strength ol' the Government, and had found that in tho event of a voto being taken at the present time tho Govornmont would be defeated. Government mombers : No, 110. Mr. M'Donald : If tho Govornmont woro not defeated tho majority would have boon so narrow that they would not havo boon able to send the troops away. Thoy got ono of their members to stonewall tho amendment, and then a Minister moved tho adjournment of the debate. It wns a position that no Government that was not absolutely dovoid of honour would tako up. Mr. Bell roso to a point of order, asking if tho member's language was parliamentary. Tho Speaker asked Mr., M'Donald to withdraw tho words. Mr. M'Donald: I cheerfully withdraw. What I meant to say _wus that no number of men with any political deoenoy could maintain the position the Govornment hold. Tho Speaker : Tire hon. urembor is again using language thnt is unparliamentary. Mr. M'Donald : I will again orange the language, and I will say " no number of gontlomen who huvo a sonso of honour and integrity so high and freo from political bias that it cannot be impeached in any shapo 'or form." Tho Speaker: I would draw attention to tho foot that the question is that tho debate should he udjourncd, and I trnst the hon. member will speak to tho qnestiou. Mr. M'Donald said tho Premier had not 'confined himself to tha motion. -Ho had gone out of his way to read a telegram, and that hud prompted tho Leader of tho Opposition to read one. Mr. Bbownb said the Government had now rooogniscd the Leador of tho Opposition, that he was not tho loader of a faction, hut of a party in a position to movo a vote of -want of confidonco. Ho was pleased to sen thut tho motion for the adjournment of tho debate had been moved. Mr, J. Hamilion said if members opposite wore not satisfied that tire Government hud the oonfidouuo of tho country let them test tho question immediately . Mr. Cowley said Mr. DawAin should huvo givon notico to tire Premier of the amend ment he intended to move. Tbo Premier had the right to reply to the amondment ut the time lie did so. The inemlior for Flinders had said that the Government had counted heads. He wus iu a position to say that tha Premier had spolco to him at a quarter to 7 - o'oloek, and had thon stated his intention of moving the adjournnrent of tiro debate at the earliest opportunity. Ho was sorry that it could not have been dono boforo the member for Looker began to speak. Tho Premier had asked him (Mr. Cowley) to movo tho adjournment, hut. it wns afterwards considered thnt it would ho muoh hotter for a Minister of tho Crown to do so, as tho Premier wonld bo nnablo to speak, having already spoken. Tho fall siguifionuco of the amondment could not havo boon seized when it was moved. Mr. Drake roso to a point of order. Tho Speaker said Mr. Cowley was speaking to the motion. Mr. CowLEt said ho wished to show that tbo proper timo for the Leador of tho Opposi tion to have given notico of his amendment was when tho address-in-roply was heforo the Houso. Tire address, however, had been unanimously adopted. Mr. Dajvsox : Rend ray speeoli. Mr. Dalryxple: Yon voted for tho addrcss- in-reply. Mr. Cowley : That was the proper time to move the amondment. Mr. Dbake: I riso to a point of order. The hon. member is continuing his address ia defiance of your ruling. The Speaker: I havo already expressed my opinion, and I ask tho hon. member to keep to the question. Mr. Cowley : I how to yonr ruling. Mr. Fisher said it was impossible to know what that continuous Government ivonlil take as a want of confidence motion. They would not trout any motion us snuh if thoy thought thoy had plenty on their side to defeat it. Ha was glnd tho Premier lmd recognised this amendment as a wuiit of confidence motion. The Leader of tho Opposition had boen charged with discourtesy iu not giving notico of his amendment. Notico wns givon on tho previous day. Tho Premier should huvo taken the nation ho wus now taking whon tho mnendmont wus moved. Mr. Stephenson : Ho did not know it was in oxistencc. Mr. Fibher : Tho Leader of the Opposition gave notico to tho Speaker. Mr. Philp roso to a point of torder. Tho_ Speaker: Tho hon. membor for Gyrapie is transgressing tho same as other members. I must ask the hon. member to confino himself strictly to the motion that the debate be now adjourned. Mr. Fisher bowed to tho Speaker's ruling. Ho wus not ono to defy tho chair whon ho was called to order. _ Mr. Kidston said tho Leader of the Opposi tion had diRtinotly given tho Premier to understand when speaking on the uddress-in- reply that if it wns proposed to spend any money on troops to tho Transvaal it would Ire opposed. (Hear, hear.) So the Premier must havo known .when bringing tho motiou forward that it would bo opposed. Tho hon. member for Herbert was not correct in saying that tho Premier had no notico of the amendment. Ho offered no objection to the motion for adjournment. Mr. Dalrykple contended that tho notion of tho Premier was very reasonable, ns I10 had discovered that themnendment wns really a voto of want of confidence. If anybody wns to blamo in tho matter, tho Leader of tire Opposition was equally in fault with tho Premier. Mi-. Tuolsy asked how could Mr. Dawson know whether or not tho Premier would accept tire motion as a no-conndenco motion. Mr. Givens pointed out tliat Mr. Cowloy Iind said that tho Premier told him at ton timo that ho had discovered that it was a ho- noufidnnce motion. . After tea a long speech had been mndo by Mr. .Armstrong, mid Ire (Mr. Givon6) had distinctly hoard tho Premier by interjections encourage Mr. Armstrong to proceed. Tho motion for tbo adjournment of tho doliato was carried. Tho Houso rose at 9.20 p.m. 