MR, JOSEPH MALINS. THE WORLD'S CHIEF TEMPLAR. VISIT TO ORANGE. AN INTERESTING ADDRESS. Mr. Joseph M»)ios, of Birmingham, is the chief official of the International Grand Lodge of Good Templars, and is also Grand Chief Templar of England. Mr. Malins ie on a tear of the •world—or the English* speaking parte of the world, at all events—in the interests of his order and of the temper* aoce movement generally. On Wednesday Mr Matins reaohed Orange, and on the same night addressed a publio meeting in the Australian Hall. The Mayor of Orange (Mr. P. J. Flanagan) presided. The attendance was not large, the hall being less than half-filled, and the great majority of the persons present were ladies. The paucity of attendance was no doubt due to insufficient notification, very few people outside the local Good Templars' Lodge being aware of the date of Mr. Malms' appearance in Orange. The Chairman said he need not tell the temperance body that it afforded him verj great pleasure to ocoupy any position they might assign to him at a gathering of thai kind. He was always willing to do anything he oould to further the great cause they had at heart, and he felt it a particular honor to preside at a meeting to be addressed by a gentleman with the world-wide reputation of Air. Matins. He was sure they would listen to Mr. Malins with very great pleasure and profit. There were some people who complained that the temperance bodies did not dp enough, bat if they only stemmed the evil tide of drink, it would be enough; but, as a matter of faot. they did muoh more than that, and were makiog great headway. One thiny he must couplain of was that the temperance bodies did not use the privileges they had under the local option law as it stood. Ii those privileges, were used, there would be ten less public-houses in Orange than there were. In failing to use the power* they had the temperance bodies were culpable. He told them that in the presenoe of a man who had done more for the temperance cause than p rbaps any other, in the hope that he would impress upon them the duty of asiug the power which the law now gave them. He had now to introduce Mr. Malius. (Applause). Mr. Malins, who was received with heart) applause, Baid he could not find fault with the remarks the Mayor had made in regard tu using their privileges, and might say something in lurtherauce, though, as a sti anger, he felt Taiher diffident about attempting to teach them. THE MOVEMENT Hf ENGLAND. He proposed to tell them of temperanoe work in different parts of the world, and particularly in the ola country. He knew sometbing about it, as he had been presiding officer of the Good Templars of Englaud for 30 years and of the British Isles for 16 years. The temperance cause in the mother country was progressing. They did not win every battle, even in the most successful oampaign there would sometimes be reverses. But reformers had to learn to labor and to wait It was all right so long as they labored while they were waiting, the trouble came wheu they rested and waited at the same time. There were now in Great Britain 40,000 adult and 60,000 juvenile temperance bodiur meeting, as a rule, every week. There were 3,250,000 members of the juvenile bodies, atd about the same number of adults. They iaoluded all forms of temperanoe organisations, denomination temperance societies, railway temperance unions, and ao on. The fighting body in legislation was the United Kingdom Alliance, which spent £10,000 a year in agitation. The Good Templars had 4,000 societies, with 220,000 members. They also had what were oailed Provincial Temperanoe Leagues. As illustrating the vigor of these leagues, he might tell them thai when Sir WillUm Harcoort introduced hib Local Option Bill in the House of Common* the North of Englaud Temperance League held 1100 meetings iu one month in four countios. They also did great work in print ing temperanoe literature. The Good Templars also had a printing works of their own, from which they turned out millions of page? of temperanoe literature annually. The Church of England Temperanoe Society was & dual body, admitting total abstainers and temperate drinkers, but the abs ainers formed the working branch. The Good Templars was a secret society, but it was not ao very secret. It advertised its meetings, and anyone oould have a copy of the rules for a penny. They held open-air meetings, and in 12 of the London parks regular open-air meetings were held. They had vans travelling the rural districts for the-purpose of holding meetings. The first van they started travelled 6,000 miles, and led to 6,000 persons signing thn pledge. They had also a Good Templars' cycling brigade, with 800 cyclists enrolled for mission purposes. They had done a good deal in subscribing money for temperance work. In the case of the old man who had been the first to sign their temperanoe pledge years before, they had subscribed sufficient to pay him £20 dowo and buy him an annuity of 12s per week for life. They gave £1000 towards the establish neat of the Middlesex Hospital in Loudon, and they had established a temperanoe orphanage, on whioh they had spent £10,000. They had had a share in looal government, which was only lately established in England. , They had 600 Good Templars on looal governing bodies ib England, and 60 had hsoome mayors. Ibe latter was someihing to say. He did not know what the practice vis in Australia, but in England a new mayor gave a banquet, at which the gueBte had what was called a "good time;" but when a Good Templar beoame mayor there was no intoxicants at the banquet, aud it was a rule with teetotal mayors to give a cheque to Bome deserving objeot, equal in amount to the 'sum that would be spent in wine. It was true that the expenditure in drink was now larger iu Englaud than ever before, but it was less per head. Last year the amount was £3 16s per head. Twentyfive years ago it was £49. That was a great ledttction wnen it was remembered that the hours of labor were shorter and wages higher.; The population of Great Britain had inortfLsed by 3,500,000 in the last ten years, but the number of liquor licensee had decreased by 100C. The old drinking customs had become less fashionable. There was an instanoe of this at the Queen's Diamond Jubilee. A committee was formed, with the Lord Mayor of London at its head, to give a dinner to 800,000 poor people. A big firm of wine merchants offered to supply a large quantity of wine free, but the ootnmittee ref used to accept any intoxioants at all.' The temperance bodies had got 25 Acts of Parliament, or clauses of Aots, passed during reoent years in oonneotion with the liquor traffic. Thev had closed the Sunday dnak-ehjpB in Wales and iu Ireland, with the exoep ion of five towns. They had obtained a law _ prohibiting working men's wages being paid at public-houses, and the prohibition of eleotion committees mnetingat publio houees. Iu Scotland the hours of sale on week days had been shortened. He rwwmbewd the tine vfaon wwy publio* house oould be open for 24 hours every day. He believed that but for the .temperance bodies the expenditure on drink in England, instead of being £150,000,000 per annum, would be £200.000,000.- It reminded him of the Scotch boy whose mother promised to give him sixpence if he was good for a week. At the end of the week she gave him the sixpence, but said she did not know that he deserved it, as he had not been very good. The boy replied that his mother didn't know how muoh worse he could have been. If the temperanoe bodies had not done all they had expeoted, it was not for those who had not helped them to complain. A cause that was right must prevail. Whatever had been done for the temperance cause had been done bj the teetotalers; they did the work and found the money, aiid had none of the pleasures of diink, for there certainly were pleasures attached to drinking. They were expected to do all the work of reclaiming while the drinking element provided a new orop of drunkards. THH CASE OF SWEDEN. The Good Templars had oarried the war against drunkenneBB into nearly every oountry, aud a notable case was that of Sweden. In former years private stills were •illowed in Sweden and the result was that the consumption of ardent spirits reached to 40 quarts per head per annum. When th« private stills were abolished the diinkiiig decreased by one half. Later still came the looal veto for rural districts and municipal control for urban areas. The reRult of the right of local veto was that of 2400 communal rural areas 2(100 vetoed the liquor traffic iu the first twelve months, and 200 had done so sinoe, so that there were only 200 rural areas out of 2400, in which a liquor shop oould be found. From being the most drunken people in Europe the Swedes had become the most sober since they had had control of the liquor traffio in th«ir own hands. In the municipal areas tbey h«d what was called the Gothonburg system ; the liquor shops were run by the municipal authorities. The profits went into the muni- •ipal treasury and there were no oomplaiotR on that account. Although during 20 years tbere were 19,000 known cases of drunkenness no action was taken by the polioe and no conviction followed. He had the written itatemeut of the chief of police that no conviction had taken plaoe in ten years. A great deal waB often made of the heavy re duotion in oaseB of drunkenness under the Qothenbuig system. But whut was the real truth ? Some 40 years ago the Swedish police were allowed two-thirds of the fine imposed for drunkenness The consequence was that the police beoame extremely aotive aud would arrest people even on suspicion of being under the influence of liquor- And if a man did not look drunk when first arrested he soon began to do so after being pulled about by the police So great an evil did the system of police rewards, become that it had to be abolished and the law repeating the custom came into foroe in 1865, the very same year that the Gothenburg system was legalised. The great falling off in arrests for drunkenness was not due to any merit of the Gothenburg system, but to the abolition of police rewards. He had been one of thoBe who planted Good Templary in Sweden 20 years ago, and now, with a population of five millions, they had a grand lodge with 100,000 adult members, and the Swedish Parliament last year voted £10.000 to help on the oause of temperance, When the Good Templars held a grand lodge session in Sweden they were given the use of the Parliament House and he eat in the Speaker's >:hair. In front of him was a kind of hammer or gavel, whioh was ueed by the Speaker. When he came away they gave him one exactly like it and he would show it to those listening to him. [Here Mr. Malins held up a kind of heavy malle' inlaid with motherof-pearl.] He thought any man ought to be able, to keep order with that, even in the case of the most rebellious member of the N S.W. Parliament. He had had a special audience with King Osoar on the question of the temperance propoganda in Bweden, In Norway they had also done good work. aERUABY AND DENMARK. Iu Denmark.there was very little legislation to help them, but they had achieved two things. There were now no barmaids, and if a publican allowed a man to get drunk on his premises he had to pay for a cab to take him home. They had great trouble with Germany for a long time. They started a lodge in Hamburg and it used to catch about one German in eix months and lose one every half year, so that after 17 years it still had one German. But it happened that Piussia went to war with Denmark and took over, after the war, the Danish provinces of Schleswig an^JRoletein. There were Good Templar lodges in those provinces and it was through their annexation by Prussia that Good Templary got a footing iu Germany. And now in the city of Hamburg they had 60 German Good Templar lodges, and in a few . years they hoped to have an army of 100,000 Germans. In Holland they made slow progress, the prinoiple reason of whioh was the large manufacture of spirits- Holland's gin was made for eightpence ppr gallon. In England there was a duty of 10s 6d, and the cost when retailed in small quantities came up to £1 per gallon. But Holland had decreed that the 37,000 drinking shops in the Netherlands should be reduced to 13,000, and that had effected a gient deorease in drinking. In Belgium there was no law restricting the liquor traffio. There was a Band of Hope for juveniles there but it was a very peculiar one. The children were pledged not to drink beer and wine to excess and not to drink ardent spirits until they were 18. In Switzerland a grand work had been done.' Some of the moet eminent scientists in Europe weie leaders of the Good Templar order in Switzerland. Iu Russia they had not been able to do much. Sooial reforms were discountenanced, and even Oount Tolstoi's temperanoe order was not permitted. He had founded a lodge in Finland years ago, but the Russian Government ordered him to desist. It was thought that the movement had died out, but latterly when a number of Finnish emigrants settled in British Columbia they opened a Good Tempiars lodge and now had a Temperanoe Hall. . . MILITABY GOOD TEMPLARS. They had done som.e good work on the dark oontinent of Afrioa, whioh had been made darker by the drink Which followed the missionaiies. If a ship carried a missionary on the deck it generally had the hold full of cheap spirits. But wherever the drink had i ;ote the temperanoe party had followed. At l Sierra Leone, a native lodge was founded by men-of- war sailors, and that lodge had sent a ' deputation to England asking that the sale of liquor to native raoes be prohibited. They had also established lodges on the Gold Ooxat. In Cape Colony, the Orange Free State, Natal, the Transvaal and Rhodesia-great progress had been rnsde. The Brithish South African colonies had prohibited the sale of liquor to natives, .and the Transvaal had done the same. They had gone also to Egypt and the Soudan, and they had hundreds of lodges in the British Army. They had a lodge in one of the regiments sent up the Nile in 'he expedition intended to relinve General Gordon, it was called the Nile Dsperandum Lodgp, The troops went up in boats and were divided into small jwrtiea, The regiment vm divided into five, and so they divided the lodge into five parts aud authorised each to hold meetings. When the regiment oame together ogain at Korti they heard that Khartoun had fallen. At the time of the Zulu campaign the 2nd Warwickshire Regiment was orderrd to the front. During the war tho Regiment, which had a Good Templars' lodge, was surprised by the enemy, who'came upon them suddenly to the number of 20,000, Every man of the English was killed. Months after British foroes passing' over the spot looked for some mementoes, and among the mouldering bones was found the mallet used by the Chief Templar. The officer commanding the party that found the relic brought it to Birmingham and presented it to him. [Here Mr. Malins exhibited the little mallet.] NAVAL GOOD TEMPLAUS. There were 45 Good Templsr lodges in the British Navy, and he was pleased to say there were several on the ironclads in Sydney. He would like, if it were not a breach of coufidence, to tell them what the offioere thought about Good Templary in the Navy. They had a lodge on the training ship Eurjdioe, which, after three years at the Bermudas, foundered in a sudden squall within sight of Portsmouth. They had a large lodge on the ironclad Victoria, the splendid VBSBHI that was run down by the Camperdown during some manoeuvres iu the Mediterranean, wheu Admiral Tryon and many of the crew were drowned. But they bad not always such gloomy endings to their work in the Navy. The soldier was apt to be a peppery customer, but the Bailor never grumbled. There was one lodge on a warship that had to meet in a little room near the boilers in whioh there wasn't enough space to sit-upright properly, much less stand upright. The minute book of the lodge meeting contained th'e entry: "The lodge adjourned wit.hou' harmony the thermometer being at 140." There was a case of b naval wanting to initiate a laudsman. They couldn't hold the lodge on the ship and so thny selected a lit' le inlet in some rocks on the beach, There the; would put the little landsman through. But during the progr»B8 of the business the tide came in and they were all up to the waist in water, except the candidate who was on thf> shoulders of the big sailor acting as marshal There was no way out but the sea. "Can yer swim P" asked the marshal "A bit,' said the candidate." " Well, swim out of the lodge room 1" said the marshal. THE ORDER IK THE EAST. Three months ago he (Mr. Malins) was in Belfast. Lieut Collins, who was a Good Templar, told him that during the trouble on .the Indian frontier a large meeting had been held while the members wete actually under fire. The tribesmen there not only fought by day but kept up a desultory fire all night to prevent the British soldiers from sleeping. Great work had been done in the Indian army. The standiug army in India com. prised 80,0n0 British aud 120,000 native troops. MoBt the natives were abstainms by religion, but the Bri i*h hud been rtrunkers by habit Now, however, they had no fewer than 30,000 total abstainers in the uri'ieh army in India. The Indian Government had given grants of money to assist the movement, and hud established temperanoe canteens. For 20 years the Good Templars had also been at Aden, Singapore, Penang, Oeylon, China, and Japan. He was abju> to visit Egypt and the Mediteri anean seaboard, aud in response to a requisition WBB going to e tablieh a Good Template' lodge in Jerusalem. THE UNITED STATES. It was in North America that the modern temperance movement took root The Order of Good Templars was started in New York, aud in two years would hold its jubilee as the greatest temperanoe organisation the world had seen. Thbie was not a minute passed without a Good Tempi«•• s lodge being opened for business in some part of the world ; they belted the globe. There wure 12,000 meetings held every week. They could, it wao true, mourn over thousands wh • had been tempted back, but the could rejoice over tens of thousands who abstained for life. The United States originat-d the oider and made i' a sort of teetotal freemasonry, only they admitted ladieB It was also something of a mutual improvement eoci-ty. Thp order (a Amerioa had had much to do with looal op'ion and prohibition There were eix States in the union which had prohibition. Others had had^ prohibition but had fallen back. That was due to the large immigration of foreigners, but where they had not prohibition they geneialh had local option. In the State of New York there were a hundred municipalities without a license. There was a looal option law in 30 States While he was in New Zealand a paid advooate of the liquor traffio declared that prohibition in Maine had resulted in an inorease of lunaoy poverty, and orime. It might be true 'hat the number of lunatics showed an apparent inorease compared with the numbers 40 years ago, but that was beoause there was more aoaommodation and better treatment and people were now taken care of who 40 years ago would have remained at large. If the New Zialand advooate of the liquor sellers were to s and outside a lunatic asylum in Maine and eay that abstinence caused lunacy aud crime they would drag him ovor the wall and never let him go aw*y again No doubt the law W^s isolated in Muine. all laws were isolated j he had heard 'hat drink was sometimes sold on a Sunday in New South Wales, but there was no reason why they should legalise it. tOOAX OPTION IN CANADA. Local option meant the right of the people to have liquor shops or to do without them, and if the people thought they become a publio nuieauoe, to suppress them. A vote on prohibition was,taken reoently in Canada. The people were axked by the temperanoe party to vote against the manufao ure, importation, or sale of intoxioants. throughout the Do? minion of Canada. And a majoiity of the people, or those who voted, did BO. But the Government considered the vbte was not large enough to warrant the passing of so dtastic a measure. Quebec was against prohibition by a majori'y of 90,000; alt the other provinces were in favor, aud their votes were sufficient to swamp Quebeo. But Quebeo was not against the suppression of the liquor traffio, it objected to Ottawa legislating on local matters, and in 600 areas drink was prohibited under the Oanada Temperanoe Aot of 1828. In the ptovince of Ontario 25 years ago there were 6,000 liquor licenses. " Now there were 3.000. In the city of Toronto the number of licensed houses had decreased from 580 to 203, while the population - had increased from 60 000 to 200,000, and the average consumption of drink in Oanada was now lower than in any other Engli-h-speaking oountry. He was quite satisfied with the outlook in New Zealand. Sinoe their looal option law they had taken two polls. The fiist time there were 45,000 votes for prohibition, aud the second time 90,000 votes, and now a third poll was about to be taken in New "Zealand. Many districts had reduend the number of licenses; and one, Cleutha. had gone straight for prohibition. The Chairmen had said something about their power to reduce the number of hotels If they had such a power they should certainly use it. Tliat was their busi. ness. Tbey Bhould also demand more power | 88 Canada and New Zealand fc&d; done wd 1 they should make the question of local veto a test question at elections. It was not the business of Parliament to give legislation unlesB it was demanded, . THE COMPENSATION QUESTION. In demanding greater powers of local option they should make no compromise as to compensation. Thero was no such thing in British North America or iu New Zealand. The only spot of British earth in which compensation had beon concedcd was the colony ofJVictoria and there it bad been a hindrance rather than a help to the temperance cause. The moment they conoeded the principle that men had to be paid for relinquishing the selling^ of drink, a value would be set on all the dying drink shops as well as on the live ones When compensation was proposed in England a big brewing firm appointed an agent to buy up 60 of the drink shops in Birmingham, the houses that were not paying, because if compensation were agreed to they would have a value. Who owed the publioans anything P If they were losing now they should be thankful to be removed from an unprofitable busineBB ; if they, were making a profit what had they to oomplain off Who was to pay the compensationP The teetotalers would not do so. It was all very well for a newspaper to say that the money spent in diiuk in six months would compensate the publioans, but le thoBe who now spent the money in drink stop doing it and compensate the publicans themselves. The teetotalers had now to pay to maintain gaols and Junatic asylums, rendered necessary by drink. Some reference had been made to Great Britain compensating slave-owners. But slavery was a legal institution, and the slaves were the property of the owners for life. A liquor license was not for life, but for one year, and at the end of the year it died like the almanac. The Ra'iah Government had tiied twice to provide for compensation, aud had been beaten Lord Peel had proposed a compensation system spread over five years, under whioh the higher licensee for hotels left open would provide compensation for hotels closed, but the temperance party did not even agree to that. If compensation must come, it n.us' come from thoBe who call°d themselves moderate di inkers He urged them to strive for full local option. A great campaign could no' be fought without reverses, but it was for them to deserve success, and if the; nid >hat, the time would oome when God would give it to them. (Loud applause). The Rev. A, Chapman moved a vote of thanks to the lee urer. Adjutant Knapp, of the Salvation Army, in Reoon'ling the motion, SBid he would have liked to h^ar Mr, Malins mention the Sulvaion Army as a _ temperance organisation. Tney didn't admit anyone to membership unless he swoie to neither touch, taste, nor handle intoxicants (Mr. Malms: He»r, hear!) The Army were not very polished, they did the rough work, but if some of their richer friends would put on a bit of th» same energy, it would not come amiss. He hoped to see the temperance party go in for more open-air work The vote of thanks was carried by acclamation. A vote of thanks to the chairman, proposed by Mr. Malins, closed the meeting. 