[?] Amusing to hear the wrath of the Fatman papers against the Let'em Have It. Labor Party over this Transvaal raid. Just as they had come to think that Labour in Politics had be c, ,ne »o «i* »'-l rentable and compliant, toj1 Then suddenly for it to break away ?anV-hmv an absolute disregard for Fatman, and -,n absolute disloyalty to his plans for [ mturing the Boers' country ! Oh, sharper ti-n the serpent's tooth it is to have a tli'a.ikle* child ! This is the present atti t,^p,,f i\v Fatman papers in respect to r'L LalMiir Tarty. It is an attitude, how J.'Vvr 'ihat will di-light those who believe in th- party and in its mission. One does not ,,'e,,,-! to be very wide awake to know that wVn the governing Fatman press and politicians speak well of Labour members, that all i* not well. On the other hand when' Lab -ur in Politics is being most abuwfJ. when its actions are most decried in the ,-ervile yelping Press that Money bag own- body and soul, their rest assured that Lai tour has planted a firm blow some where on one of its opponent's weak spots, ami that it is this that is making him h..wl. By all means let us have plenty of Fatman Pre?s howls There is no music half so ?w-^t as it to the ears of the re farmers who are a ter his scalp for the s,y\ of Humanity. What Parliament wants is not silent votes or occasional que-tion- --r short speeches of a somewhat platitudinous character, but a genuine stirring up -from vigorous well-informed men aided and al jetted by sturdy backers who do not care (as an English Radical jiajy-r puts it) a ' twopenny damn I; for the whole eoii'-*'rn. « # * One of the most interesting speeches de liv-er*..! at the late Congress of Trades Unions at Plymouth was Danish that of Hansen's, the Unionism. delegate of the Danish unionists. Prefacing his remark* with the announcement that the givat strike, which had lasted for fifteen \\\v-k-. had l-een settled in favour of the men without one single case of scabbing — the employers having withdrawn their demands an i aMowed thn men to resume work Mr. H;ui--n, in tlie most modest and matter rf fa-t way, proceeded to tell some astound iiiir tilings about trade unionism in Den mark. They had 80,000 men in the unions in Denmark out of a total population of two and a-half millions. Without excep tion all members of the skilled trades were nji'.'inVt*. They were federated in a tiiOpju^rlily complete way, so that when a di-pute occurred they could mass their ''r-'n/rh in thf- most effective manner. Th-rv wore ai)le by a levy of Oid. per man to k'.-'p 'iOkO men— a large proportion in Denmark— out of work for any length .pi tii:iH. Then the Denmark workers seem to hive happily combined the trade union with the political organisation, a matter which has created so much trouble in England. Th^re are 12 Labour members, ?-t of a total nf 114, in the Danish Parlia ii'-nt, and a dozen papers look after the interests of the workmen, and educate l»;Ui'- opinion outside. And last but not l'--;v-t in- cu\i Id proudly state that in some trade- wages had been almost doubled d'-.iiiu' the last ten years. Is not this a fiu»- n-'-nrd of what unionism is capable of * * # Tilt- mail m-ws of the victory of the I'ani-ii '-.niMii- gives the Wohkek a chance of bowling- out another TheCable Liars, daily paper He. On the 'itli of September a cable ;il'l*-.'ii-'l in both of the local dailies which -?.»*..-'. 'hit th- hanish unionists had given in. Tlxit- is quitH on ft par with the recent falsehoods cabled about the Boers, and it will give the public an insight into the unscrupulous methods that Fatmen employs in his dealings with the Labour Movement. This manipulation of cable news is rapidly becoming a Scandal in Australia. The Fatman daily press of this continent is divided into two syndicates, each of which has an agent in London whose duty it is to provide their respective papers with cable news. These two syndicate agents are the sole arbiters of what information the Aus tralian public shall receive. Items of news Ukely to benefit the Labour Movement are religiously suppressed, or distorted, as in the case referred to above. In the ease of ttie Transvaal cabled falsehoods the South African press is largely under the heel of the Rhodes gang, and the cables from thence are faked in much the same way as our Fatman press cables are. So that you see' 'the power of the press' is only another variation of the power of money. When the Labour Press of Australia has attained to the itnportanceof daily papers and can afford the expense of paying the high tariffs demanded by the monopoly which controls the submarine cable lines, and the extra expense of providing itself with a London agent to watch the doings of the outer world in its interests, the public will then be able to hear much that it never gets to hear now, and a trickling of important affairs a'so that under existing conditions, never by any chance is allowed to percolate through the various strata of Fatman agencies * # * Ben Tillett's letter is just as unconvinc ing as the others. In the first place he should have known that Is It Possible? the people of Queensland do not object to any civil ised people coming here, but they distinctly object to being taxed by the land owners and capitalists who run the Government with the object of gulling population into it, either to increase rents or to cut down wages to starvation level. In the second it was a poor return for our hospitality that Tillett should have conspired with Tozer to violate a most important plank in the Laboi.r platform. In the third, if Tillett could not conscientionsly have said things that would have induced people to come to Queensland he should not have accepted the engagement. If he could conscien tiously have said such things it was his duty to respect our platform and to have refused to violate it. But the more one reads of the matter the more profound the conviction of his utter ignorance of Queens land becomes. Fancy a man asking the Queensland Labour Party 'What are you going to do with your lands ?' also ' What are you going to do about black labour?'' Is it possible that Tillett doesn't under stand that for years and years we have been fighting tooth and nail for an oppor tunity of doing something, and that all our claims in respect to land legislation, black labour, and immigration have been Haunted and frustrated by the most corrupt set of politicians and newspapers that have ever disgraced a civilised country ? The record of our prolonged democratic fight against such overwhelming odds is one of the finest in the political history of any country. And it has come to this, that a man with five days' experience against all ours, presumes to ask what have we done and what are we going to do. Forsooth ! What is Tillett going to do about the Eng lish lands beine turned into deer parks and the people evicted therefrom? and the Irish lands? and the Scotch? Also about the coloured aliens that daily pour into the London docks, occupying positions on British ships that shonld be held by rights by British seamen. What is he going to do about these things ? # # * . If there is one thing above another that the referendum should be used for it is in the case of deciding upon The Pathos war. Whether we should of It. I commit ourselves to a foreign7 policy involving endless complications in the future, whether we should devote the lives of our fellow citizens for the purpose of aiding in a far away quarrel, whether we should devote our funds and tax ourselves for any such mad Quixotism as this Transvaal expedition -surely these are questions that each individual member of the community should have the right to be consulted upon. The history of this affair shows that certain vainglorious swashbucklers anxious for honour and srlory at any price first con ceived the idea. From them it was passed on to the title-desiring Dickson and from that mediocrity on to the Cabinet. These six autocrats thereupon set to work in a business-like way, as if it were their busi ness and no one else's. When every neces sary arrangement had been completed they condescended to the farce of asking the people's representatives, , and they ranted and raved and bullied nearly one half of these because they dared to say : ' You six had no right to do this thing without our permission. We do not sympathise with this unjust quarrel at all.' Mean time the tame and timid public are power lessly dead against the whole thing, but they sit quietly by allowing themselves to be bartered' away^By' stupid title chasers and bullied by the jingos, and led by the nose by newspapers bossed by Fatmen who have ships to hire, or meat or forage to sell — newspapers subsidised by other small jingo fry who have orders to make saddles, or overcoats— the great stupid politically starved public, that like a cow in a drought, looks with large patient pathetic dumb eyes at the crows digging then beaks into its quivering skin. * # « The bare mention of a State bank would horrify Fatmen politicians and their sycophants, yet it isn't The Government generally known that the Savings Bank. Government already car ries out the chief functions of a bank. It lends money to local authori ties, and sugar mills, and farmers, it issues: notes guaranteed by the Treasury, and it receives money for deix-sit in the Savings Bank. All that is newjwary is to amalga mate these three spheres of finance and the State Bank is ready at hand. The aggre gate transactions in the Government Savings Bank last year amounted to over three million pounds. Ail this represents the savings of the frugal workers, upon which the Government only pays three per cent up to £200. How is this for en couraging thrift? Private banking insti tutions pay four per cefct, and yet the Government, who are always prating about thrift, discourages it by paying its investors less than the market rate of interest. The present low rate of interest was a move on the part of that arch Fatman politician Nelson, so as to handicap the public insti tution in favour of private enterprise banks. The several millions of deposits it now holds represents the small savings of the toilers and workers, a class who having few oppor tunities to invest, or distrusting the boom and burst policies of private enterprise institutions, leave their earnings with the Government. Surely the Government instead of discouraging such efforts should encourage the workers' thrift by paying the highest possible rates of interest, instead of paying the bone and sinew of the land lower interest than they themselves pay for the money they borrow in London. Here we have another proof that the interests of banks are dearer to the hearts of boodle politicians than the interests of the people. * * * It is cheery to note in the midst of war's alarms that the Government of New Zealand takes care to meet Good Iron ! the industrial enemy of toe people within their own gates. The barons who own the coalmines of Maori land have been for some time 'sticking up' in regular bushranger's style the consumers of bottled-up sun rays. The consumers are compelled to pay for coal any fancy price that the barons demand. The exploitation had at last become so unbearable that the Government was approached on the subject. Tfeig resulted in the appointment of a Parlia mentary Committee of Inquiry to investi gate the production and sale of coal. The committee investigated and deliberated, the upshot being that it considers the high prices now prevailing in the coal market could be materially reduced with much benefit to the consumers, and it further recommended that the Government should obtain expert information as to the price at which coal could at a reasonable profit be conveyed by sea, and failing the adoption of such a scale by the companies interested, the Government should take into considera tion the advisability of procuring steamers for the purpose of conveying coal purchased for public purposes to the various ports, as required and it should also open up retail agencies under State control. From this it can be seen that the X.Z. Govern ment is not above going into the wood and coal yard business rather_than be bled by the syndicates. More power to it. 