THE UNITED STATES. [From our own Correspondent.] NEW YORK, May 12. THE PHILIPPINE TIIOU5J.E. A Republican S;nator who has continu ously supported the policy of the Govcru ment remarked nix months ugy that if the war in the Philippines should still be in progress, at ine tune oi mis years l resi dential campaign, his riirty would be in great danger ol defeat. This was a too I pessimistic view, but it must be admitted | that cur failure i;o make a peace iu ,the islands is unfortuaatc for ti'ie party 'in pom.T. During tlif last two months ' the general attitude of the public towards* the | Kepublicun Party has become more favour able: at the beginning 0: /the year, owing to trie course of the Secretary of the Trea sury and to some blunders in the pro gramme of legislation, there were signs of critical hostility in the air, so to speak. More recently the projected legislation for Porto Rico repelled independent voters; but as the result wf sharp protest that le gislation was changed very much for,; the betiter, and it no loneer is the cause of, se rious dissension. The kuders hal'e .be come cautious, and legislative schemes, as to which there is dangerous difference of opinion, have been side - tracked until after the November election. But the in surgent Filipinos caonoi thus be control led. From the beginning of the insurrec tion 'their leaders have ccen remarkably well - informed as to the, course of poli tics in the States, and the attitude of parties towards their interests. They have fought (ai-'Iosin^ fight everywhere, but they are still fighting. Our Government re cently sought tt- create an impression that the war was over, but 4he succeeding re ports of engagements in many parts of the archipelago made the attempt ridiculous. There are no longer ainy large .bodies of organized insurgents in Northern Luzon, and theTe may 'be nopa elsewhere: but there are ninny small bands, amd hostili ties have been resumed in districts which were said to be entirely subdired. Within a few days there was discovered'' a' plot 'for an uprising in Manila itself. There has been hard fighting during the last two weeks in Southern Luzon, and it is sig nificant that our troops have recently found armed insurgents and u. hostile peo ple on islands which had been regarded as .submissive and friendly. It begins to look as if in a considerable part of the archipe lago Axnerfcaia rule can be sustained only by continuous gariisons. A ItEACTIOXAEY TOLICY. If we had made a peace, and were now setting up the local Civil Governments, es tablishing schools, and carrying out our plans for the improvement of the islands, the opposition here at home would have very little ground to stand ou in making its appe.i.l for Filipino independence. But with the war going on at great cost, und witih the daily reporits of the slaughter of bolomen and otlier poorly equipped insur gents, which sihow- that 'these people a_re throwing away their lives in desperate io yalty to their original purpose, tlte ques tion is continually before American vo ters. If the situation shall be substantially unchanged in September and October, the Government will lose many vobes on ac count of it. Sudh fosses might not be suffi cient to turn the scale. Aniong -the most prominent men in public life who urge thai independence should forthwith be granted to the Filipinos are Republicans, such as Senator Hoar, who will never vote against their party. But the stake is so grsat ni, ?the coming election, when defeat of the Re publicans vy the Bryanites would probably reverse our policy concerning the islands ac ouired from Spain, and substitute industrial depression and commercial chaos for our prosperity, that the condition of the Phi lippine problem fills the minds of many of us with misgivings. Now thafc Governor General Otis is at last on his way .home, perhaps we shall get more encouraging re ports from the islands. I would not be un derstood as asserting that the Bryanite De mocrate and 'their Populist associates have an evil purpose, and are wholly given over to false doctrines. With respect to some important qu-estions they are on the side of jiistice; but their creeds and their demands concerning the Standard of the currency and some other questions of national finance would make a victory for their party disastrous to the nation's industries, and open the door 'for a shameful repudia tion of its just obligations. THE HAY-POUNCEFOTE TREATY. Both parties in the House of Representa tives were guilty of something closely re sembling such repudiation when they united last week in pissing a Nicaragua Canal Bill that ignored both the old Cla.viton Buhver treaty with Great Britaiin and the new treaty remutly negotiated to supersede the old. The desire of the author of this Bill is to have a canal absolutely controlled by tihe United States, fortified 'and treated as a pant of our coast line. He is silly enough, to think that in fees for transit through such a canal we could safety and advantageously discriminate against the shifa of other Powders and in -favour of our own. Such is the narrow and provincial view of a veteran legislator, chiefly because his homo is in an agricultural district of the remote interior. But the Bill appears to 'have lam i'ts course. The Senate will probatty bury it in some pigeon-hole. Un forLunaicely the new Canal treaty with Eng land must be laid aside witih it. AXXOYIXO WAR TAXES. The refunding .provisions of the new Gold Standard Act, which permit the organiza tion oif national Banks in small towns witih a capital oif only $25,000 and made the issue of circulating notes by .the Banks (on -the security of the .new bonds) a little more profitable tihan before, kive already, jn two months, increased the Bank note circu lation by about $60,000,000. the entire vol ume of Aidi ?notes now or soon to be in circulation being about £305. 000.000. It is noticable that wiiile the Silverites and Populists have been demanding an increase here of the -money in circulation per capi ta by illegitimate and dangerous inflation, there has been, a steady and considerable increase of sound and perfectly trustworthy money, the total having risen to $2,021,274,500 from i?l,52S,629,463 in 1896, or 32 per cent., while the amount per capita, tihen $21.53, is now $26.12. Our national finances are in fine condition; the excess of our exports over imports continues to be enormous, and we ore now virtually lend ing larpe sums abroad. Our surplus revenue aoLiimulafcing at the rate of $70,000,000 or $SO,COO,000 a year, ought to be reduced by the repeal of some of the annoying war taxta, but the Republican, pro tectionists who control legislation are uiwillinK to toudh the internal war laws, knowinc that ' tbe opposi tion would at once demand a reduction of tihe high _ tariff duties. A sha,rp debate upon the iniquities of the protection tariff they are determined to avoid. AX ICE TRUST. More licht is thrawn upon the theory and practice of government in the City of' New \ork under the rule of Boss Croker and his Tammany Poliric.il Society by recent disclosures concerning what is common lv called the Ice Trust. Some time ago the several Companies and firms engaged in the ice trade here wer? consolidated or com bned in one organization, duly incorporat ed under the convenient stam;^ of the ;t:J joinine State of New Jersey, with a capit.il of $50,000,000 fhalf common shares and half preferred ), nnd styled the American Ieo Company. Thi~ Companv now monopolizes the ice supply of Xew York, controls the ice in^ storage on the Hudson. River, and in the State of Elaine, and is rKiching out for a monopoly in Philadelphia, Baltimore. Washington, and other eastern cities. It is well known that here in America all con sume great quantities of ice. Our icewater habit is frequently pointed cut by critical foreigners as something little short of a vrce. Hut crrpat quantities are needed in our cities during the heated season, and a rise in .price perceptibly affects the deatii rate in the crowded1 tenement district of Xew York. This heated season is now near at hand, and on the first day of this month the Trust doubled its prices, increas ing the rate from 30 cents to 60 cents per htmnVpd nfiimr!s_ Tlip nfvor fltrplVrs: in tnp Lenemenw, wno nave oeea accustomed to buy a small block of ice for five cenLs. roust now pay ten, for no sum less than that will be receivied. MUMC1PAL CORRUPTION. Now, tbe power to exact this doubled price is derived from, monopoly, and the Company's monopoly was established by ths aid of the city government, after pro minent officers in that government had been taken into the Company and i-;rmit- ted to share the pecuniary profits. This ia notorious. Croker himself admitted in tes timony tha;t lie owned stock of tihe Com pany;'ia-3 chief political agent is kn-own to have a considerable interest; and Oroker's Mayor hals just returned from n. visit to t-'he icefields Mid storehouses in Maine, to which he journeyed with tihe Company's President as 'his guest. These agents of the Trust ra tihe City Government have suppressed competition by withholding dock and wharf privilege from indopendewt Companies or firms tihat desired to sell ice, or by so 'harassing the holders of sudh privileges'thnt their business was ruined. In tins way all cqirvpetators of the Tnl* were force.! to withdraw or to soil oui to the monopolists. Competition foavinir thus been suppressed, Hie Trust doubled its prices, and its muni cipal alies began 'to count their gams. The popular -protest vraia so loud, however, that one of tie newspapers employed attorneys to begin an actkm against the Trust under 'tihe Anti-Trust law 'of itlie State, and nn attempt ?will be made too procure tihe indict ment, of the officer? of the Company under the Criminal Statutes. PARASITE POLITICIANS. This incident shows ,]iow Croker's Govern ment goes into i-:i.nncr.-ihit- with Corpora tions whose pmsiicrrty (jtrpcmlu' in -some measure upon tSiie favour ot jnunicii&i;] offi cers. In the ra.-'c of the '1 hird Avenue Railway Company the ( VM-pijiu'iion. wa-j ruin ed by the poditieums wiu thus ?preyed uiion it: fur Hie (.'oiu-T/any was competled, by- x-ity officers wit/bout wnnse permission it eoulU wet make certain extensive projected im proveinen'ts on its lines, -u- make caiutraetn for several million dollara' worth of work TvitJh persons, in partnership wit&i; iljhe Go vernment at '-priced which vferl rutratuJyAt the same time -the C6ny;ariy wu«.4o*ccdj to employ hundreds of Iquifcots nained by the politicians. The* 'result* w3S~Vtinkiniptcy, whiaii in its turn gave lucrative employment to other poddtiei&us;, : to. rivthoai tihe 'liquida tion of 'the Company's affairs was entrusted by Croker's tools in the Courts. . , i 'A CAPTAIN OF'lXDUSTBY.'1 ; ' The. public generally has luken a deep interest in the recent liperations of another grcalt combination or Trust, because the condition of the iron tod sfeel industry was involved. At the beginning of the great' 'bopm' in the'iiwn'industry a lii tle more than a year ago, when combina tions w»re being formed almost every day, .one John1 W. GM-tes ''promoted' 'a combi nation 'of nearly all of Itlie ' concerns en gaged in making wire, wire ? nails, wire fencLng, and similar products. The capital of the ? new Corjioratiota. was' $90,000,000. Prices ros3, business was extraordinarily good, and it was (announced , two months ago tha,t the piWfits of the first year had been . #12,000,000. The shares were fa vourites on the Stock Exchange. M few weeks ago, after special effoit had been made by glowing reports and promises to advance the price of shares, ' several of the Company's mills were suddenly t-lfised by the orders of the. Board oi Directors, which Gates controlled, and Gates., him self- published- --Here in New York very gloomy, statements as to' the condition ^ of the iron, industry. It afiterwards' ap- peared that he had sold large quantities oi shares. which hie owned, and it ,1s believed that in addition he had made very large 'short' sales for future delivery. Under the influence of the closing of ine mills, which employed ' 7,000 men, and of his statements, the shares fell orr the market, and all cither securities followed .them. Gates reaped a' great narvest. He had so much loose nvonev that for days he. ;fi-rgat to deposit a cheque for $1,200,000, (whieh re presented a part of, his gains. A Bank's search for the cheque, revealed this fact. The Company's; mills ? are in. oneration again. There was great indignation i on the Stock Exchange, and the newspapers, which had been calling Gates a great 'cap- tain of industry' (the '[ title' which orga nizers of Trust combinations. have invented tor themselves), asserted loudly that he ought to be in gaol:-- Certain complaining financiers who lost heavily ? by- the ; decline of the market tried to put him there; birt in. Court. he snapped his fingers at them, and he is now era hiaway' to .fclurope as the official representative of the Stats of Illinois alb the ; Paris Exposition. Having worked the American Steel and .Wire Com pany for a great profit both ways, on itihn rise and on the fall, lie has resigned from the. management. ,'Ims true, however, that the Company was selling only, a part, of its output. -The continued exaction of higa prices 'had checked consumption. Itis also true that Gates' saw aj coming turn of the tide in the iron industry und took advan tage of it. His specuLMve , operations drew attention to the condition of the in dustry, in which priees-^douWed since tihe beginning of last, year— were beginmng to decline. They have been falling ever rince, and if Gates did not. close. all hi3 pending transactions on - the Exchange before lie sailed 'he will be able to 'cover' his out standing 'short' sales at a profit after his arrival in Europe. ,'..,' ' ' . ''.. : i PERIL OF THE MONROE DOCTRINE. Tt* Government of a great Power some times deems it expedient to ^excite a little popular alarm in order that money for new ships or an additional military force jnay be granted. The : completion of several ships ordered by Cbngres3 during the last three years -has been delayed because' Con gress !had declined to pay the. price de; inatided by the- manufacturers for armour plates. There is danger that '.at: 'the pre sent, session the desired) appropriation wil{ not be made because many legislators think Uiit the* manufacturers are extort tionate in demanding $545 per ton. Ther^ may be some connection between' the ; con troversy about armour plates and tha re cent alarmist utterances of the Govern ment and its allies in the Senate ; about a possibly impending conflict with Ger many. The first to sound a note of warn ing -was the Secretary of War. Yesterday he was followed by a prominent Senator, Mr. Lodge, who pleaded for the payment of Ifne manufacturers' full, demands be cause it might soon be necessary to defend our Monroe Doctrine by preventing th4 acquisition of Denmark's West India islands by Germany, or the . encroach inent of Germany upon the territory of Brazil. There has been much gossip about Germany's negotiations for those islands, and ajso concerning the growth of German settlements in Brazil; but it is by ^no means clear that the Emp?ror has any 'intention, to acquire territory on. this side of the At lantic. If it be true, however, that the German Government contemplates the pur chase of the Danish islands, or the estab lishment of colonial possessions in South America, the prediction can safely be made that .this cour.se can be taken only after 'the armed opposition of the United States shalj have beun overcome. The American peoplu would be substantially united 'in prevent ing such acquisition of territory, in ;the West Indies or in South America by any European Power. Since. January 1 nearly 10,00(J JajMnese immigrants have arrived at one port on the Pacific coast, and thou-l -and* more aire-snid to be on the way. ' This movement -has not esuaped the . attention of O.e Labour Unions, and they are begin ning to demand legislation to exclude Japa nese, like that by wlu'ch the Chinese have been shut out. The best sentiment of the country opjtoses such exclusion, and com mercial organizations see that it would in-. jtiriously affect our foreign trade; but if the working mcu throughout the country ins-ist upon the passage of an Exclusion Bill, the great political parties cannot af ford to iirnore them. 