Returned Soldier. Sergeant Johnson Speaks Denial of Hospital Neglect. Although statements made by tho returning Quccnsluud soldicrB to interviowerH m Mel bourne nnd Sydney have been published ia tins journal, it was thought time muob uddi- tionai mformauon might be elicited wlnuli. would bo of interest here. . For this roason ' It was that a ' representative of tho 1 Telegraph sought out Sergeant v Johnson, the invalidrd Queenslandcr, who received ko hearty u'welcome lioinu on- Wednesday night. It may at first sight appear somewhat iucon- gruoufl that tho subject of immigration should hcru be introduced, but on second thoughts it will bo gcuernily admittod to bo not so vory inapprbpriute. Many advocates of State- aided immigration hold up the Soandinuviau peoples UHV likely to furnish most suit able coloniKto, and Sergeaut Johnson b a liviug illuntratiou of the thorough ness with, whioh . tho ' Northmen n ... identify themselves with their . adopted country. For John Peter Johuson, to givo him his name in full, is a native of Denmark, and was well into muuhood when ho decided to come to Queensland. He has now resided in his adopted country for 23 years, during the greater part of wh icb he has followed his trade aa a builder. A very short con versation with Sergeant Johnson suffices to convince one that he is possessed of more than, average intelligence. That he is a "mim of parts, " too, is evidenced by his Success in many varied undertakings, flo is au accomplished linguist, speaking several European tongues with fluency. The soldier's instinct is strong within him, aud though before the >ro>cnt campaign he had not been through bis baptism of firo lie has been under military training during the greater portion of his life. "When a boy of 14 he entered the Danish artillery usu cadet, and remained in the ser vice for 12 years, being a uou -commissioned officer for tho last eight of thcBe years. For this he received a long Horvice medal, whioh ho stiU wears. After coming, to Queensland lie joined the Field Artillery, and during tlio whole of his 23 years as a colonist has been in tho Dcfeucc Force. For boiqo time he was stuff orderly to Lieutenant-colonel Bluxland, tho then comumudiiut, aud subecquoutly wus orderly to Sir Arthur Pulmcr, when Liou- tenant-Governor of Queensland. Ho lius also been connected with the Mnrine Defence Force, having a few years ago, at the request of Captain Walton Drake, lt.N., undertaken tlio formation of a Naval Brigade at Thurs day Inland, in whioh he was tho first petty officer and instructor. Ho continued to act as instructor until the corps was. disbanded, his qualification for this work naviug been partially derived from his employment ou pilot steamers at Maryborough and elsewhere. When vplpgteers for South Africa were first called v6r' Johnson was in Maokay, and was tinnblp to get to Brisbane in time for tho contingent; which left under Lieutenaut- colonet Kicurdo. On coming to Brisbane about that lime he joined No. 1 Field Buttery, under. Major Hbghton, und almost imme diately after, when tho second con tingent wus decided npoh, ho offerod, himself, .und was accepted. Of tho voyage in the steamer Maori King nothing need be said. As has already been men tioned, Johnson enlisted us a private, and as u mar.ter of fact remained in tho ranks until tho time of his hoing invalided back to Australia. Ono remarkable fact ahout his doiugs in South Afriou is that during the whole or his campaigning he was only with tho Queonslandurs for a few days. After landing at Capetown ho -uc ompimiod the second contingent ro tlic Moddor River, nnd with nine other men, under Corpurul Powoll, was left behind there in charge of tho transport. Shortly after orders were received that tho cransport waggons were to ho sent ou to Kimhorley. Johnson uud his companions wero attached to rhe 12th Lnu- ccivi, and did duty us scouts during the march to Kimberloy. They reaohpd Kimherley after tho reliof had been accomplished, but were in rime to see. the ceremony iu connection with the disbandiug of tlio famous Town Guard. It was while scouting 8 miles from Kimberloy that John son mot with the ar jidpnt which led ultimately to his heing e«eut home an invalid. His horse, which wus thoroughly knock"! up, suddenly . fell, and before he had time to got clear fell upon him and pinned him to the ground, keeping him in that -position for over half an hour. -When . the column cams up ho was extricated from that position, and although feeling very nriff washable to ride into Kimtoriey. On reaching the town, be found that wheu dismounted he was uii able to stand up. He was takou to tho camp hospital, but after a few duys' treat ment was discharged us fit for service. Ho rejoined the cavalry, and was, with them, entrained to the Naiiuwpodrc oentrnl military camp. Tbcro they took charge of between 800 aud 000 Argentine horses, intended us remounts for tho troops at the front, and with them proceeded by easy day tuurchuH to Bloemfontein. On their arrival there tho whole of the horses were handed over to the Imperial forces, after which JohtiHon and his comrades were ordered to rejoin the Qiieenshinders. who were then encamped at Spnn«r field, about <i miles from Bloemfontein. After ome delay the Queens- landers wore provided with the rernouuts thoy needed, and it was then that the whole of the Australians in thut part of the country were brigaded under Major- general Button. John son wus present at tlio inspection of the brigade when .Major- general Button strongly cen sured Linuteimnt-coloiiel Bieardo, the officer commanding, for not having seen that the znen woro supplied with neoRfary clothing. Colonel Ricardo mude tbe excuse that tho transport with rhe kits had gone astray, aud that lie di>'i not know where it wus, but the general replied that it wus tbe colonel's duty to know the whereabouts of the transport, und to see that the meu were prop- i ly supplied. Tho men suffered severely in the bitterly cold slights, aud it was because of the lack of wai ui olorhing that so many were attacked by diarrhoea, dysentery, and fever. The food allowance was also very scanty, tho men for over a week beiug compelled to live on a biscuit and a-half each and a small allowance of " bully " beef per day. Corporal Powell was sent to look for tho transport, and after several days' npai-rimig found it at De Aar. A general it»ue of clothing and stores was made on April 25. While at Springfield Johnson fell hick, the exposure having aggravated tbe spinal trouble whioh had resulted from his previous accident. Ho was sent to i he No. 8 general hospital at Bldeira- fontein ou 'April 27, ami about a week later was stmt by train to Wynberg, about d miles from Capetown, Ho received the kindest yossiblo treatment in tho hospital ut Bloom- lonroiot and' wheu he \vuh rcmoyed was sent in a proper ambulance train, in wbiob ho was able to lie down'1 comfortably all the way. The -'only coiiqilaint which could bo raado concerning ".'that : journey' . was in regard to. the ifiaueqhnoy of the food supplied. Fortunately he and others had been puid before leaving Bloem fontein, and were able to purohaso. some ' " pxrraa," hut fnnov prices hna to be puid for dhem. The food tn&t; was given thorn oon- sisted of dry bisouits nnd " bully" beef with tea or coffee, and it need hardly ho said that . » was hardly a huitablo dietary for invalids. At "VVynberg tlio invalids received every kindiieB : and ; attention. Thoy . were aooommo- duted in' lurgo marquees, nicely floored, und were made comfortable in . proper hospital ' beds, with good . mattresses, eheets, pillows, mohqultd nets, and everything . else that was nncussary. During the foyt- .. ' i night he was thoro Johnson, not Tiemg Jora- pelled to keep to his bed, was able to do dnty ..as clerk in the hospital orderly room. He . was riionco sent in au umbulance waggon to ,the riulwayeTation, and took tho tram to Cape- . towiii every thing, being done ta convey him . in comfort to tho steamer Austrfllusmn. The ' fitoerage berths ou board the ston'mer being all. takeii up, Sergeant Johnson was accom- modatcd in a saloon cabin whioh he shared ' witU Privato Kruger, the- West Australian Q' man, aud Private Bothnmley, of the ' " Queensland Mounted Infantry. Before they .'left-Ciipotown tbe" invalids received a paroel' ,,of ' olorbing flent on board by the Red Crose Society, und these wer« distributed ,bs fairly as N possible. > JCvorythiug that could . be done to ensure their comfort on the voyage was done,, and Sergeaut Johnton ecoeaks xnoat. itxatofoUjr of tho kindnofui of Captain Wall, of Now South Whlos, who was in ohargo of tho Australian invalids. Sergeant Johnson's cxponcufle of .tho hospitals at . Bloemfontein and Wynberg has been suoh that ho can only speak of hie treatment with tho deepest gratitude. ' He. states , that as a matter of course ho did not get cveiythmgTio- would have liked, but ho never - cx- - pected to do so. . Ho indignantly de nies tho truth of the assertions which havo been made ns to neglect on tho part of tltosh iu charge of tho Bloomfontoin hospitals- A£ tho same timo he considers that there certainly wus ground for complaint nb the manner in whioh tho invalided Australians who - wero in tho Maitland hospital wero allowed to fitfd thoir way to tho steamer' as best thoy conld. That was certainly doe to scandalous neglect on tho part of someone in authority. Sergeant Johneon' states that now he has returned he hopes to rejoin tho No. 1 Field Battery. . , 