AGOOD COUGH MEDICINE FOB CHILDREN. " I have no hesitancy in TecommendiDg Chamberlain's Congh Remedy," says F. P. Moran, a well-known and popular baker, of Petersburg, Va. " We have given it to our children when troubled with bad coughs, also whooping cough, and it bas always given per* feot satisfaction. It was recommended to me by a druggist as the beat cough medicine for children, as It contained no opium or other harmful druR." Sold by J.F. PalamountaIH, AN HONEST MEDICINE FOR LA. GRIPPE. George W. Waitt, of South Gardiner, Me,, gays : " I have bad the worst cough, cold, chills, and grip and have taken lots of traBh of no account bat profit to the vendor. Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is the only thing that has done any good whatever. I have used one bottle of it and the chills, cold, and grip have all left me. I con gratulate the manufacturers of an honest medicine." For Bale by J. F. Palamountain, I == There is a kauri tree iu Auckland, N.Z., that judged by its concentric rings, iB at least 4,320 years old, and it must, therefore, have been alive when Noah gazed out upon the ruiu of the ante diluvian world. The marriage of Dr. Oarty Salmon, Minister of Education in Victoria, with Miss Nance Harris, daughter of Sir Matthew Harris, takes place in Sydney in Ootober. Spurious coin is being circulated in the Warrnambool district, counterfeit florins and shillings having been successfully passed off on business people. The ooina are copper silvered over. A system of telephoning without wires is reported to have been discovered by 'the eminent British engineer, Sir William Preeoe, who can talk over eight miles. The importance of this can soaroely be overrated. A party of some forty immigrants from England will arrive in New Zealand shortly. Tbey are young unmarried men, mostly mechanics and labourers, each with Bom9 amount of capital. If they do well there io likely to be a steady stream of immigrants. The late Duke of Saxe-Goburg's life was insured for £300,000, and that huge sum will have to oome out of the coffers of the insurance societies. Soaroely a Bingle English insurance company was without some interest in Frinoe Alfred's life, Important correspondence between the Seo retary of State for the Colonies and the* Governor of South Australia concerning the future arrangements with regard to the Governorships of States to be included in the Commonwealth has been published. The Secretary of State wants the colonies to pay the whole of the salaries of SJtate Governors, and says that the selection of the governors will depend on the salaries offered, which should be Buqh thn conserve the dignity and influence ofas to governors. The Premier suggested tha the Imperial Government might pay a part t the salaries. of the MLAID'S mmMi OIL FOR THE HAIR. Presepves, Beautifies, Nour ishes and Restores it mope effect ually than anything else ; ppe vents gpey hair and scupf. Fop Ladies and Children it is the best preparation ; also in a Gold en Colour for fair or grey hair. ROWLAND'S ODONTO FOR THE TEETH. Whitens and Preserves them, prevents decay, sweetens the breath. Ask fop Rowland's ar ticles, of Hatton Garden, London. Sold by Chemists and Stores. 3G98ew Just a Cough This is its story: At first, a slight cough. At last, a hemorrhage. At first, easy to cure. At last, extremely difficult. flierra pectoral quickly conquers your hack ing cough. There is no doubt about the cure now. For over half a century Ayer's Cherry Pectoral has been curing colds and coughs and preventing consumption. Pat up In large and small bottles. A cure is hastened by plac ing over the chest one of DP, Ayer's Cherry Pectoral Plasters. Fffpsrti fey it, J, C, Ajer k Ce.t Uwtll, Mast., V.5A A Wonderful Medicine. For Bilious and Nervous Disorders, each as Wind and Fain ia the Stomach, Slob Headache, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Gold Chills, Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Oostiveness, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, &o.; THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF IN TWENTY MINUTES. This] is no fiction. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one Box of these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be "WORTH A GUINEA A BOX," BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as directed, will quickly restore females to complete health. They promptly remove any obstruction or irregularity of the system. For a ?Weak Stomach; Impaired Digestion; Disordered Liver ; they act liko magic. A few doSes will woric wonders upon the Vital Organs; Strengthening th* Muscular System: restoring the long lost Comploxion; bringing back the keen edge of appetite, and arousing with the ROSE-BUS or HEALTH tho WHOLE PHYSICAL BNEaav of tho human frame. Tfaeae are "foots admitted by thousands in all classes of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and debilitated is that Mtccham't PiUi havt th* Largest Salt of any Patent Mtdieint in thtuorld. Pull directions with each box. _ prepared only by THOMAS BHBOHAM, St. Helens, Lancashire, England. Sold everywhere, in Boxes, 9fcL> Is- lid., and 2a. 9d. each. 8fSfb3 fy MOUNT GAM BIER HUNT CLUB RAGES. Wednesday, October 3,1900. COMMITTEE« G. M. May T. Yates T. Kennedy B. J.' Collins A. L. Sutton W. Davis T. Haiff E. H. Stobie H. Lane J. Steele B. Davis P. Kenny F. L. Williams M. J Hayes B. J. Locke J. Buchanan A. F. Sutton . J. P. L Sohinckel W. B. Kennedy F.Creek D. MacKenile B. Hetheiington Programme: TBIAL STAKES, of £10. About six fur longs. FOR horses that have never won a race value £5 or over. Weight-for-age. Entrance, 10s. MAIDEN HUNTERS' STEEPLECHASE, of £25; second horse to receive £6 out of stake. About two miles, Same conditions as Hunt Club Gup. Entrance, £1 6B. Welter weight for age. HANDICAP HURDLES, of £18; second horse to receive £8 out of stake. About one and a half miles. Nomination, 9s.; acoep tance, 9a. OPEN HANDICAP, of' £15. Once round the course (about 1 mile 12 chains). Nomination, 10s.; acceptance, 5S. HUNT CLUB CUP, of £45; second horse, £10; third, £5 out of stake. About three miles. A Welter Handicap Steeplechase. To be ridden BY members of any recognised Hunt Glub in hunting costume. Provided that any member of Mount Gambier Hunt Club may nominate ADY approved amateur to ride a horse his own bona fide properly, any Buoh rider-' need not necessarily be a member of any Hunt Glub. For horses that have been .fairly hunted this season with any reoognised paok of hounds, not less than 6 times; to be ridden three times by an approved ama'eur. To be hunted twice after the 28th August. Certificate of qualification from Master must be produced if required. Ap proved amateurs. Riders' names to be sent to the Secretary three clear days before the race. Nomination, £1; acceptance, £1 5s. FARMERS' RACE, of £5. About 6 furlongs. For horses that hare never won a race, and the lomfide property for tir months before the race of farmers. Welter weight-for-age. Amateur riders. Entrance, Be. CORINTHIAN FLAT RACE, of £10. About six furlongs. A Welter Handicap. Open to all horseB. Amateur riders. To be ridden in hunting or jockey costume. Nomination, 5s.; acceptance, 5s. ALLOWANCES.-For horses that have fol lowed the -Mount Gambier Hounds:-For each run in EXCESS of 6 an allowance of 21bs per extra run up to 10 runs will be made on handicap weights in Hunt Club Cup, and a similar allow ance in Maiden Hunters' Steeplechase. HON. HANDIOAPPEBS-Messrs. M. J. Hayes, B. Davis, and T. Tates. TOTALIZATOR. NOMINATIONS for all events, excepting Trial Stakes, and Farmers' Race, to be in the hands of the Secretary not later than 9 80 p.m. on the SATUKDAY, 8th SEPTEMBER, or at Gordon's Bacecourse Agency, Adelaide, up to 6 p.m. same day. Weights declared on Friday, 14th September. Horses not scratched by 9.80 p.m. on Thursday 27th September, will be re garded as acceptors, and their owners held liable for fees Night of General Entry, Saturday, 29th September, up to 9 30 p.m. ' The winner of any handicap flat race alter the de claration of weights to carry 61bs. extra, and of two or more such races 71bs. extra. Hurdles and Steeples 71b8. and lOibs., respectively, extra. No horee a'lowed to start unless all nominations and other fees are paid up. Riders' colors must be forwarded at time of entry, and any jockey riilng in wrong colors will be fined one guinea. All entries to be sealed with full fees enclosed, otherwise they cannot be received. B. J. DANIEL, Hon. Sec. M.G. Hunt Club. MBS. THOMAS KELLY BEGS to thank Customers for past . favors, aad wishes to notify the public that she intends to carry on her late husband's business as a [ Monumental and General Mason, COMMEBOIAIi-STBEET, J MOUMT OAMStlBMl. Charges moderate. 3751 NURSING HOME. Mrs. WEBBER, Nurse, is prepared to receive LADY PATIENTS at her home, "Wehl-etreefc South, Mount Gambier. Terms moderate. 3815dup Professional and Business Directory. Baker and Confectioner, RUBENKONIQ, A., Commercial-street East, Mount Gambier. Blacksmith and Farrier. GHAS. CR AFTER, General Blacksmith and Veterinary Shoer, Mount Gam bier. Bar Shoes. Racing Plates of all Mftds. Ploughs made and repaired at shortest notice. Boot and Shoemaker. UNDERWOOD, P. G., Gommercial-at East, Mount Gambier. Butcher, Wholesale aid Retail, Mao ARTHUR, A., Commercial-street East, Mount Gambier. Ironworker and Tinsmith, MACINTOSH, Keith, Commercial-Street West, Mount Gambier. Nurseryman, frc. EARL, J., Model Garden, Mount Gam bier.-Fruit Trees, 12s. per dozen. African Box, Whitethorn, Edging Box, and all descriptions of Nursery Stock for eale Pointers and Decorators, BROWN & HO WL AND, House Painters, Decorators, &c.;, next door to W. Walters' shop, Mount Gambier A trial solicited. Charges moderate. Blacksmiths, Machinists, and General Storekeepers. SMIL8TEAD & SON, Port MacDon. , nell. Land Surveyor, J^ABROW, James, Penols. Will JSFornas m Bill of Sale JForms Ob Sals it thi " SOSPEi waw op®. "FOB THE BtOOD 18 THE LIFE." THE WORLD-FAMED BLOOD PURIFIER AND RESTORER IS WARRANTED TO CLEAR THE BLOOD from all imparities f-om whatever cause arising. for Scrotals, Scarry, Eczema, Skin and Blood Diseases, Blackheads, Pimples, and Sores of all kltds, It Is a n&ver-falling; and permanent core. It Cures Old Sores. Cares S*res on the Neck. Caret 8ore Legs. Cares Blackhead or Pimples on the Face. Cares Starry. Cares Ulcers. Cares Blood and Skin Diseases. Cares Glandular SweU'ngs. Clean the Blood from all impure Matter, 1?rom whatever cause arising. It ii a real speoiflo for Goat and Bheumatio Pains. It removes the cause from the Blood and Bone. As this mixture is pleasant to th« taste and warranted free from an} thing injurious to t' e most delicate constitution ot either ser, the Proprietors sol cit sufleraw to give " it a trial to test its value. Mr W. BAIS3 writes: " I suffered from a wound in my leg for slxyears. Seeing 'Clarke'sBlood Mixture' advertised in ihe p aper, I thought 1 would give it a triil. and I got a bottle. Whtn I had finished it I saw u» Improvement, ai d theref' re, continued with the ire-iclue, and it complttely cared n.y leg. This was severalyoais ago, aud Inn pleased to say it has not broken out ait ce, except once, when I»'ruck it witha^tcue. Ilh.ntoik another bctt'eof * Clarke's Blood Mixture', and it again ored me, and it has bcea all right ever since. "Level Crossing, 8h»pton Mallet. «. May 26,1888." Mr. WILLIAM BENDING w> ites: "I now write to let you know ibat my Bon, »g<=d ioutteeu, has been oared by takli g Clarke's Blojd Mixture. Ho has I bten suffering from absoe<sss on the leg, arm, and thlgn lia had flfte :n altogether H- went to West Brcmwioh Hospital, but they seemed to get wo sa. After taking six bottle's ot Clarke's Blood Mixture and some ot your salve, tbty all healed, and he is able to wa k He wa» i s help ois as a b»by to* two years, and had to oe carried to -ed and c'owust >lis He wasableto eat but little, but t s toon as he began to tak > Clarke's ulood Mixture he began to get quite hear y and strong- He o.uld not walk with crutches eveu, but now he c»a walk without them. You are at liberty to publish this. "137, Church Bridge, Oldburr, near "£i miughim, Jan. 10,1898." THOU8ANDS~OF TESTIMONIALS OF I WOHDEBFUL CUKES IN ALL PARTS Of TflK WORLD, Clarke's Blood Mixture is sold iq Bottles I at 8s. 9d. each, and in cases containing six times the quantity, lis.-sufficient to effect a permanent cure in the great majority of lrng- stanci. g cases-BY ALL GHEMLdTS aud PATENT MEDICINE VEKDOE4 throughout the wor d. Proprietory Thb LINCOLN AND Mxdlanis Dtua COMPANY, Lincoln, ingland. Tiade Mark-"BLJOD MlXTUaB." CAUTION.-Purobmew of Clarfce's Blood Mix tare should seo that they gat the genuine artiole. Worthies* imitations and substitute* are some times pa'med oS by unprinoiple.l vendors. The words "Lincoln and Midland Uouoties Drug Com pany, Lincoln, England," are engraved cn the Go vernment Starr p. aud .' Clarke's World-fame J Blood Mixture" blown in the b ttle. WITHOUT WHICH NONE ARE GENUINE. CLARKE'S B 41 PILLS S care Gravel, JPalns in the back, and :<11 kindred complaints, rre* from Mercury. Established upward) of 80 years. In boxes 4«. 6(1. eaoh, of all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendor* ihrough'jnt the World. Proprietors, Tae Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Company, Lincoln, England. ^HE Thoroughbred Stallion " Daniel Will serve a limited number ot approved mares at Mlngbool this season. : Daniel is a dark chestnut by Neckeregat-Minnie (dam of the Wandering Jew). He wqh many noes, including the Hawkesbury Handicap. He will ran in the paddock with the mores daring October, Nov ember, and Deoember. All fee3 must be paid and mares removed by 81st December, 1900. Feo, £3 3b. For further particulars apply 8825 MANAGER, MINGBCfOL. NOTICE. rjiHE Champion Harness Pony Entire Souter Jolrany II, Will stand in the Mount Gambier and Port MacDon nell distircts this year, aa usual. Boater Johnny is, without doubt, the best stock getter in the Soath-Eiet for useful sorts. Look a'- his two-year-olds. Ask any ot his patrons. They will tell you that his stock are the best they have bad on their farms for many a day. Terms, £1 10s. per m re. Good paddocking at 1b 6d. per week. All care taken of mares, bat no responsibility. J. C. SCOTT, Pronrietor, ? .Border IPatcft Stables, Mount Gambier. P.S.-Souter Johnny has mares following him from Goroke, Stawell, and Warrnambool, which s. eaks for . itself. 3829 Hero's Champion "VU"ILL stand this season at Square Mile. Stud fee, *" £3 Samper mare. Good grass paddock and water provided free. All care taken, but no responsi bility. All mares must be settled for on or before 1st day of January, 1901, or paddocked mares when notice is given to be removed. For further particulars apply to R. UETHERINGrON, 8829 Or G. A. PATZEL; rro stand this season at Mount Gambler the American A bred Trotting Horse Hot Wind. (By Red Wind-Clara M.) Hot Wind is a dark bay, 10} hands high He Is exceedingly w<ll proportioned, and is possessed of ft moat docile temper; and is a beautifully actioned horse, and has trotted the mile in 2.40, Hot Wind possesses all the qualities of a sire likoly to get horses suitable for Indian remounts and buggy and carriage horses. Hot Wind's sire, Red Wind, was imported from America by Mr. J. J. Miller, and is undoubtedly one of tbe best trotting sires ever imported to Aus tralia. The following are a few records put up by horses bred very nearly the same as Hot Wind : Prince Willis, 2.14J; Phil Thompson, 2.101; Wayne Wilks, 2 18*. Hot Wind is a sure foal getter, and his yearlings and two-year-olds, of which there are a number in the district, give promise of being first-class stock. At the Narracoorte show in 1S97 Hot Wind was exhibited as a single buggy horse, and tbe judge remarked that he did not prefer giving stallions prizes in such a class, but Hot Wind displayed such perfect action and great pace that he could not withold the prize. First prize at Penola show last year for best style ot trotting h.rse. TEEMS-£2 2s , payable on or before January 1,1901. One month's free paddocking allowed to mares from a distance Every care taken, but no responsibility. Rounds in future advertisement. Particulars from H. T. VAUSE,' Proprietor,'or 8830 E. VAUSE, in charge. CALULA QUARRY (LAUBIB'S), Building STONE of excellent quality can now be supplied in any quantity. Also, Bubble and small Stone. Orders left at tbe Quairy will receive prompt attention, r B. H. LATJBIE. TO THE SURRffiin DBND FOUB STAMPS for £3 Illustrated Book concerning your Welfare' : SAUNDEB8 & CO., 9797y Fliaderi-stfeef, Melbourne, W. THYERg CO., FABM, GABDEN, AWD D&iry; Produce Salesmen, Waymouth-etreet, A B B1AI D B. Auction Sales every Wednesday and Friday. CV Sole AgentB in Fouth Australia for Obr Hansen's Danish Cheese and Better Coloring and Cheese Bennetj also, for F. M; SHABPLE'S Ameriosn Cream Separators, HAND OS POWEB, Cheapest, simplest, and best Maohinei in the market. Proprietors of the Adelaide Creamery using only the " Evenden" Lightning Butter Extractor and the British (aLinde" Dry Air Befrigerating PJant, the finest known system for making best quality Butter from Cream consigned to us 3011 G. P. §91 IVfl, Narracoorte. FANCY GOODS, STATION BEY, and BOOKS. Musio AITD MUSICAL lirsiauxum. AGENT for the Border Watch and all Foreign and Colonial Newspaper* and Periodicals. G. F. SMITH, The Emporium, Harraeoorte. 