UTEWS AND N0TES Tlie plague in Sydney is dying out. For Chronic Chest complaints Woods' Great Peppermint Cgr«. le. M. ? Live torpedoes have been pliced for the protection of all JapaneHe harbors: The estate of the late Sydney Burdekin has paid £8500 duty, having been sworn at £170,000: : Tw.o leading- Austraiian sportsmen, lifje. VV. R. Wilson and Mr Donald Wallace, ; died in the early part of the week. . , TJ»0 death is Announced of the Hon. A. j H. -Jiicob, for niany years Chairman of j ?^ohimittees In the Legislative Council. j Tests are being conducted at the experi- : | mental fariu in t1ie |)repai'jLtion of oM frotri virions varieties of olives, with the vie w ol' ascertaining Avhieh are the best for growing on an extended scab 'Mrs Sarah Cahoon died at Beechworth, Victoria,' recently, at the advanced age A 105 years. Even to within a week of hei death the old lady enjoyed the full use of her faculties. She was exceedingly active, and never used spectacles. . About . 70 cigar makers arrived from Hamburg, Germany, in . a recent steamer. They will make a cigar that has hitherto been imported. They ara all Unionists, and were welcomed by the Unionists of. Sydney at a stnojee concert on Monday night. An Eisteddfod, or musical competition, was held at WollOngong last week. Though it rained heavily both days over which the proceedings extended^ tlie receipts totalled £130. The Wollongong choir won the, chief choriil competition from a Newcastle choir of -.150 voices^ ?/ At the Ontario Convention, a Holstein cow tcade the phenomenal record of nearly '4 Jibs of : butter per day, or 29.6Ibs- per week, according to the. world's fair standard. This record, figured at the Canadian stan dard of -85 per cspt. -butter-fat, would be nearly 2$lbs. of butter per week. The ' Sunday Tijues' 8ays that the Hon. T. H. Hassall, Minis tor for Lands, may -ere loug- shake the dust of Ne-v South Wales from his feet, andvhie him away to' Eng land. More than that, he may'rehiain there as commercial agent (or some similar title) representing this colony. : Should ho do so, Mr. Crick, how.' Poatmastor-Qeueral, will became Miilister for Lands. . According to, thp Kiaiua ' Reporter,' Mr Robert ,(3;or-l-jp} , of Omega, dispatched ; by train on F.ri^y, last halfTa.duiseiilof,his pure-bred Jbiolstoijn cattle tft route for Ji^pan, having bpeu purchased for thefGovemuient oF that country 6y Mr Kittamurra, Japanese Consul in Sydney. , The consignment! one'' ' bull, three cows and two heifers, was an1 excellent lot, Being among the best'of Mr Gordon's ; herd. V fcry sa tisf^tory^ prices were realised. Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea ne.uedy can always bejdeppnded upon'and is pleas ant and safejto take. Sold by H. C. Blackburn. In the House of C- amnions Mr. George Wyndhain, Under-Secretary f.-r War, stated that there were now 221,000 British troops in South Africa., including 102,730 regulars and reserves and 77,000 militia from Great, 'Britain. The British Parliament will probably be dissolved m Juty. The last general elec wn,s the Marquis of Si^lfebury cjime Into office .for the third tii|ie, and Mr. J. Qbopiberlatn worked his way the front m lilinister for the (Jol jOniefcv I ^ Oiet in South Africa recently some of the Soa®h poast Lancers were ordered to com manae^r the stock of a baker's shop, which had been dteerted by the disloyal Dutchman who kept ic.'. One of them, for a joke, stuck a loaf of -breail on his bayonet, whereupon an Irish Jfcoldier present cried out, ' Look, sergeant, there gftes one of them kangaroos with the staff p'fiife on the point of death. ' : The court which is pitting to allot prize tnoney^ to the American officers and men in connection with the recent Spanish Atiieric^n war, has ordered that a sum 1 equal to £40,000 shall be paid to Admiral 1 Qeorgei)evvey for his M'ork in connection! witlj ||ie captjire, of Manila and the Spanish I :||9et'*^jpi-it place. j ^ Some difficulty hasj arisen in connection 1 vith eu5(juian-* certain land required for the Port' Kembia Harbor worioj, and the progress jjjff the undertaking has in con«;e quence delayed. It is the intention Einba«sy^tife Peking have been despatched i to Tokyo, .the. capital of Japah; This act. is believed to indicate an opinion -j-n the part of the American Govern»nent that war is likely to be breakout between Japan arid . Russia at. an eirly date wit,h respect to affWirsiniE^rea, about which relations be tween the t*rr- Governinentihave been some what strained for some time pttst. If anyone doubts tlie nourishing;, proper ties of milk, l°t a teat te nmdp of the following preparation of it : — Wlien very w^ary or weak from exhaustion heat some milk to the scalding point until a thin skin begins to wrinkle upon the surface, and then drimc it as hot as possible. , It refreshes almost instantly, and restores the exhausted vitality . to a surprising extent as 'soon as it is Gitken.- It is more nutritious than any of the beef teas made from meat extracts, or that made from fresh beet. The statistics of last year's trade have been issued, and show that both the im ports and exports' of New South Wales were the highest on record, The imports total ^25,594,315, of wbich ,j£,9,233j6'12 is . sec down as re- exported. The total shows an increase of over £1,100,000 compared with the previous year, The exports w,ere valued at £28,445,466, of which something like ?£ 19,221,854 is set down as domestic produce. The total is £700,000 ia cxpess of 1898. % - t A German chemist has itivented a new kind of ansesthotif bullet, which tie ucges, will, if brought into general use, greatly diminish the horrors of war.' . The ballet is of a brittle substance, breaking directly it comes.iu contact with the object aimed at. It contains a powerful ansesthetir, pro ducing instantaneously complete insensibi lity, lasting ifor 12'- houwj ?which, except that the heart continu&v; is not to bo dis tinguished from death. A .^attlefielcl tv lterp these bullets are used wjli in a short time ' be apparently .cov^red'J' with deVd bodi^8, but^n reality ^ merely ; wit^h' the j-ros-. tra^jfoi'juis' of soldiers, i;t^luc4d 'for tlie. liiue being ttf'a at&te; of unconsciousness. While' in this condition they; may, the Gorman chemjst' points out, be packed in amlnilance ? waggons and carried off as prisoneits Far Children's Hacking Oonjfh at night Woods' Grfa«i1&£2tarinint Cure, ' Is. 6d. ? ? The Attorney-General has declined ta file a bill against Frank Muoney, committed by the Nowra Bench recently on a charge of disturbing a Salvation Army meeting Toiuerong. A Danish working man, who has invented % method of preserving eggs, has sold his inves- tion to an English firm of eg? importers ftae £35,000. The inventor, who is a foun&ey; worker named P. Christensen, had for a dosHfc years worked with an egg exporter. He Gen% to the Royal Agricultural Institute of Copont* hagen some cases of preserved eggs, requesting that they shauld not be opened for eight months. At the expiration of tliat time tlM boxes were opened, and the eggs were found to be completely fresh. The inventor is now negotiating for the sale of his invention im other parts of the world. England's latest guu is the most power-, ful weapon in the world. It will ensure the supremacy of Great Britain over t he seas for many years to come. It is knows «s the 12in. steel and wire gun. It weighs 50 torts, is 41 feet long, and has a musaks velocity of 2,367 feet per second. Tfrm projectile weighs 850lbs, the bursting charge being 831 bs, and the firing charge 167£lbs cordite. The Admiralty h&YQ; ' ordered 450 of these guns, at a cost of £1C0,000. 1 This is how Dr. Babtie won t^ie V.C. Colenso, whefre tlie British lest their artxl tery. During the heavy fire Dr. Batata ;fode right through it three times ; his hocm was shot under hint .before he reached the ' donga. IJere in tfreface-of a heavy fire ho dracged the wounded intp shelter, andl finally, under a rain of l4ad,.- brought sot Lieut fi^-berts (son of the^arpat Ctnuuiander :?* OTt££:'ib®fcj . spoonful at a time, and relieving pain bjr niorphta. Wiwn »ot oMienvise eii gaged hot sheltered poar Roberts.' face from tha scorching sun by'holding-above it a sheet qC paper. It . was hot until darkness set Sot that it was possible to venture fropi^g^ scrub shelter the donga aflEjrded. . 0. ' ' Dr. Finsen, of Deumark, has cau«ij| thA attention of the medical world in j$» neMr method of treating certain di^e^ses be moans of rays of concentrated fpplit. Hifs iuAestigations are endorsed by the leading physicians and professors of^Qbpenhagea, The arc lights used in the treatment arto forty thousand candle-power. Already 354} cases of skin diseases have beett successfully treated by Dr. 'Finsen. This is the firsfii instance in medicine where light has bee* successfully employed as a curative agenG, After a series pf experiments, Dr. Finsea has discovered that the blue, violet, ami ultra violet rays, when concentrated, become a powerful therapeutic agent, killing bac* teria in the skin of a patient in a seconds. In order U't to burn the skua when operating on a patient, it is necessary to cool the light. In treating skin diseases sunlight is employed as often as possibly otherwise the medium is an electric arts lamp. , 1 Canada and the Western States haw during the past month been inundated witfiu thousands of .Japanese immigrants. l£ seems that in view of the treaties held be tween Great Britain and the UnitaJl ISldfcs with Japan, there is no means off staying them. During April over 60GC& landed at Victoria, the capital of British Columbia, and somewhere about two thircfe r as many at other coast ports. , It ?seemts that when the emigratioif' 60 Hawaii wr® interrupted because of th& plrtgue, the .Jap« w.ere diverted to ^Canada and the United States, and thty soon began to come liy hundreds. ; So the immigration . of tti«B Japs proceeded until the beginning o£ April, when they cauie in shiploads ,pf 1009 each, - for -it sesems that the .iemigratKM» agents in ^apan were painting the advaor tages of rthbj. side of the water in suchi glowing term!)'tj[iat 'they had begun to ret. gard it as a Klohdyke. Representationis have tbeen ^adfe to Japan, and promisaajt ] isade,by Gorerament that the cwdb «hallb««U9p«L r 