MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1900. Lone RoEnRTs' proclamation declaring the South African Republic to be de funct, and making the Transvaal British territory, has been so long anticipated that its importance seems to be scarcely realised by the public. Until the pro clamation was made there was always the possibility, remote, but nevertheless contingent, of foreign diplomatic inter vention to secure at least some shred of independence for the Boers. No Euro pean power was likely to engage in war with England for the sake of saving the Boer republics from effacement, but con sidering the large commercial and in vestment interests that Dutch, French and German subjects have in the Trans vaal the governments of those countries would be only following English pre cedent in bringing diplomatic pressure to bear with the view of retaining some of the privileges they have secured from the Boer government. Happily the foreign powers appear to have come to the point of view of that writer in "Blackwood" who argued that "a fair review of PRESIDENT KRUGEn's conduct leads to the conclusion that it does not represent any principle which is dear to the Boers, nor any interest which they have at heart. The principle of intenee hostility to British power is one with which tcontinental states sympathise but cannot formulate into any diplomatic despatch. When the Boers realise, as they mast now in a few weeks, that there is no hope of any European intervention and no prospect of England's grip being relaxed by foreign complications they will accept defeat ae other nations that have been annexed against their will. Those who have lived amongst the Boers for the most part are of oiniojn, 'wi Dn. LILLIRn, that they will realis the enjoyment of free government under British rule. The great trouble will I the influx of Englisa colonists ino Ile country. The Boer is a pastorelit, nd he hates the farmer just as thoe d"-. lian squatter hated tihe selector, s r intruder on the land which he saot money or inclination to ftrm i noil but which yields him a fair profit a grazing land. Agriculture in lheTrans. vnal and the Orange River col, i a It present confined to a few r0ulelat favoureddistricts. Aninflxon atraly settlers would ruo i thlle liifEd gls whichthe Boerfarnmers e lar ct?l intensifies their hostility 1to eulniiac tion which anyhow will eradicate lisir control of the political power The Alricander Bond avowedly aimed at, political system " which not onl knowledged the right of numbern o also that of ownership." Tie Bond also desired tle contrJl of the natire tribes and a "conclusive lan as regards masters and servants," This latter phrase, it is notorious, really mea.nt coo. pulsory service by natives to European 'x masters at nominal rates of wages. The 4 natirve question in South Africa is even a ' more embarrassing than the negro pro. blemn in the Southern States of America. The Kaffirs, thIe Zolus, A the Sarazis, the Basutos and other tribes exceed in numbers the negroes of the the Southern States and they here territorial rights which render a them independent of the white popula. tion. Some are as distinctly apartfron the white population as the Maoris of ' New Zealand, while others look to em. ployment with the whites in much the \- same way as South Sea Islanders look for employment in Queensland. With so many perplexing problems to solve it is very improbable that the English Government will permit, much less encourage immigration to the Orange River Colony and the Transraal for a considerable time to come. JMR CEClc RnODnES seems to grasp the situation y best by facilitating settlement in a Rhodesia, evidently intended to establish : I a sort of nursery for colonists, ready for II " planting out" in the Transvaal when the time is more opportune. Probably for somts years to come, certainly for more than a single year the two annexed Republica will have to be administered more or less under martial law. A system of land laws suitable for settle. imetit of the country by farmers cannot be established in a few months. Time \- must elapse before the authorities can 10 ascertain tie value of the land and its requirements, and then laws have to be framed and adopted. The idea that a Federation of the colonies should be established is a good one in theory, but the practical difficulties are too great foe A its immediate adoption. There must be an interregrum of martial law even if e, another per iod of Crown Colony adminis. tration can be dispensed with, A very little reflection should convince would-be immigrants of the futility of attempting to "jump" Boer farms or stock runs as soon as rebellion is sufficiently stamped out to allow of the withdrawal of portion of the army of occupation. It was fire years after the war of secession before it was practicable for Northern farmers to emigrate to tie Southern Slates of America, and it is most likely that nearly a similar period will elapse before the Transvaal is available for English settlement, A cable has been received by His Ex, cellency the Lientenant-Gorernor, Sir John Madden, from Sir Alfred, Milner, Her Majesty's HIigh Commissiouner in South Afr:ca, giving the following details of further casualties sustained by Victorian troops. Wounded at Ottoshoop, 4th inst.: \--t'rivats J. A. Tweedie, Imperial Aus. tralian Regiment. Mother retides at Strat. II ford. Slightly wounded, Elands River, Jud inst. (all members Third or Bushmen's Con, tingent):-Corporal A. Ross (sister resides at Stawell); Privat: Herry Hazel (father resides at Toongabbioe) Prirata A. H. Douglas (father resides at ]lendigo); Private Thos. Lloyd (father resides at Benalla). Died of typhoid and pneuma nia, at Pretoria, r 3rd inst., Lance.Copomral G, J. Cullen (mother reides at Kerang). Mr J. B. Pearson and Mr A ,A. M'Millan were very successful 'I their canvas for special prizes for the North Gippaland Society show whei't in Melbourne last week, and the special prize list jyill be more valuable than has ever ben .,he case be. fore. The election to fill the vacancy in the Rosedale council caused by.the resignation of Cr. M'Farlana will be held on Wednesa lday, 56th inst. Nominations close on Friday. As itimated 'in oar advertising d columns tr M'Farlane will be a cadidats aga'; . S Coosta'ble Chandler has been trausferred to W'arragul, rand leaves for his new quartets this morning. .Parcels await delivery at the Sale railway y station for the following ;-Treloar, iHul' , sone, Cherry, trace, Coverrhle, Heigh!on, g Quirk, Htarrison, Leslie, Ord, Kerr, Boulton, (;Gillett, Brown, Merry, Robertson, Trond, Dove, Lawlecs, Barry ard Gallagher. Several land sales in this district are rec I, ported by Messrs Mathiesou andl Daris in another colhmni. Mlr T. C. HIuol proposes to test the validity of Cr. Fogarty's election for the Toaegabbie \- Ridoug of the Ibsledale sliro on the grounds that ca number of those on toim roll who voted for MIr Fogarty were nrot entitled to vote, h There will be a grandl performance by the fd taffra. Minstrels in the Mechauics' Institute, SStratfornl, on \'eduCesday evening for the , benefit of tle Stratfonlrt Catholic bchool. is Tle Mlinstrel hasve a splendid reputation is and there shtull be a good lhouse to greet r- them. i WarIIc' Specialtly CoImpauiy are adber. 0- tisled to appear in Sale on Thursdlay and ar Friday evening. Tue entertainment is said IC to consist of a good all roundl variety show. 1- \Weo shall have all opportunity of referr::ig a- to the Company again ill our next. h Mr E. Roberts lwho purchased the Turf s- Hotel recently has sold it again to Mr es Alexander Cuiuicit, of Glemnuaggie, at a E- goodl advance on his bargain. The sale re was effectel by Mcssras IMathieson acd Davis we wha also sold MIr Cummin's farm at Gleu, u maggie to Mr Garrett O'Conor. a The Bairnsdalu Gas Cocmpauy now u ring to womod up lost £3,000 in te years. A iew in company has been formed to purchasoe the ir property. ct Goenerlly steaking country people were Ot greatly disappoiuted writh the Showv, though to an improvement was noted in the draught y enrtries, the slheep anl certain clasccs of se cattle. S Another existudect of thire ~airradrle District School of Mlines, Mr Chas. Maoiol, I has secured a most lucrative appoinitmet. SHe \wcnt over to 'West Australia recently, rO aid writes back to say that lie has beric nappointed mietallurgist to a large minitig ig compa'ay there at salary of £400 a year. y Mr Mason u ut irn a ourocr of tuo years at at the school, atl previous to that, (My.s tie II. "Aldvertiser") was as innocent of thIe scietce 0S of naineralcy us an unornr Ilobe. The weather has eehn showery again for the past few days and the roads are very sloppy. The ill of William Forbes, lite of Iria 'slouBg, grazier, who died on 13th June lit, deals pith £7937 realty and £1316 personalty. The testator's sun John is the principal benefticiary. On Thursday evening Mrs Nelson, who has been identitied with the Presbyterian Church, Sale, for many years, and who is leaving for Melbourne was presented with a tea service by the members of the church. The presentation was made by the Rev. Mr Connor. MJr Daniel Coto's fiends will be pleased to hear that in August he succeeded in pass ing his final examination in medicine at c;lasgow. It will be remembered that Dr. Coto left Sale last year for Scotland to pursue his studies. The Maffra shire council meeting for tihe election of President and transaction of general business wail be held on Wednesday. There was a miserable display of jumping horses at the Melbourne Show. A Sallan horse, Cherry Boy, was placed first in the Jumpers' Plate. Mr Harry Lyon got third for Mahonga, but Bob, after taking his first four jumps much better than any other horse. fell at the fifth and after that would not try. As for Mahonga he got over his jumps all right but did not appear to be too well ridden. Mahonga won the horse high jump pr -r for Mr Harry Lyon with a jump of 5ft Ilin. He was ridden by Mr G. Waugh. Silver Boy put up a mile record for the Agricultural Show ground track on Fri-lay, •'min. 2~3secs. Iolantha was a prize winner at the Wagga Wagga agricultural show. At the Sale Police Court on Friday, before Messrs Harkness and Cullinan, J's.P.. Walter Diss obtaineds an order against W. E. Coridas for £1, money ldue on cheque. Two aborigines were up at the Sale police court on Saturday, before Messrs Johnstone and Cullinn, J'e.P'. Hector Bull was fined 2 S61 for being drunk an disordnlerly, and Sam Hamilton was tined £3 or one month's imprisonment for using obscene language. Hamilton went to gaol. Mr. J. D. M'Kenzie, who was for sonime time in the employ of the well known Sale draper, Mr J. Sinclair, has accepted an important appointment with Shannon Bros., drapers, of Bairnsdale. Mr M'Kenzie took a live interest in the affairs of the borough and was Mr J. B. Pearson's right hand man during the East Ward election. He carries with him the good wishes of his former employer and a number of friends. Influenza is laying heavy hands on the Walhalht mining population. Of late a large number of miners have had to lose time, and in the parent mine it is stated by the " Chromicle' that about 21 men have been unable to put in an appearance during the past week. The Maffra Agricultural Society is in a splendid financial position, having a credit hidance in hand of £10S, notwithstanding the donations of £2l to the Fire Relief Fund, £10 to the Indian Famine Relief Fund, £10 to the Rabbit Suppression League and £10 to the testimonial to the late secretary. This shows that the Society is in a progres sire state financially, anm the committee are thus enabled to take up the matter of a Spring Show in good heart, and let us hope that this Spring oill also prove the Society to be a success from an exhibition point of view. The "Spectators" says that the annual meeting will be held shortly, and a good prize list should be made our for their first Spring Shoaw. At the Rosedale Police Court on Friday last, before Mr Cresrwell, P.M., Thomas Rintoul was proceeded against iiy the Coin. missioner of Taxes, for whom Mr Horse appeared, with not having sent in his income returns for 1897 ail ISS9. Mr Williams, of Walhalla, appeared for defen dtnt but them was practically no defcne. Defendant gave evidence that after -payiig all his expenses and bank inter:st for 1S97 he had £30 over but he could not say what the total was. The minimum penalty of £2 with £2 Ss costo was i iflicted and paid. Diphtheria has made its appearance at Rosedale and appears to be on the increase. A little daughter of Mr Yeats died soon after the disease was taken notice of, and on Tuesday last a little son of Mr Frank Robinson, the well-known saddler, was taken ill and despite the unremitting care of his parents died on Thursday. Another boy, son of Mr Geo. Stagg had a very narrow escape from a fatal termination to his attack and several other children are reported to be suffering. The State School has been closed although it is in a perfectly sanitary condition, which is more than can be said of many of the residences in the town, and an open drain which runs through private properties between Prince and Albert streets is a thorough menace to health. Open manure heap, and the drainage from the same, and no pan system in the town, also add their quota to the general insani- tary condition, and require prompt and efficient action on the part of the local board of health and its officers. Mr W. T. Kendall, the well known veterinary, says that agricultoral slow:s have done "a greatdealof harm"' to horo bireedinlg. Anl these are the smoieties snpposaul to promote education on the snlubject. Some of these sacieties appear to spend all their tinme either in preparing shois prie lists oir dis tnssing politics.-" Herald." On Decemher 31st, last the ares of land alienuateAl in Vietoria was 19,191,791 acres ; while there were ,003,7i69 acres ia process of alienation. Thie area leased was 13,148,701 acres, and the territory cneither alienrted nor leased was 19,S81,496 acres. Victoria, as a whole, consists of 36,2t5,76) acres. ." It is qicte true that our horses are i not as goaod now as those we hal . or 40 years ago. These horses we coull ride from sun riseto msunset, but niow a couple of baoom will pump our horses ouL"---lr Tlomlsoon, president of thle Royal Agricultural Society at the horse breeding conference. For the election of a representrative of the Eastern Shires group on thIe Ikurdl of IHealth, the onnci of the shlire of South Gippslandl has deeidlalt to support the eanldidature of Cr. Horstman, of arlffr.a Shire. The Avon cmuncil will give its vote for Cr. Keogh. An unusual incident is reprteul from Sin gleton. TIe local Ipolice were infonmecdt that Robert Dunu, employ-al at 1loutit Hope, eeven miles from Singleton, iad bieen fouasd dead in his hot. A mcan named Mar tin ctal'l at the place, and fouind Iiiuni oni the floor stiffanl cold. A cofflin waes snct out to thie lit. anl thIe coroer plroceededl thereto huol an ieaunest. When the coroner arrived at thIe hiat lie, to hIis great surprice, (ltys the " Argus,") found Dunin rating a nim?l. The suppo"sl elad meaii iaUl beem in a state of eat dlepsy, unt hle hadi recovered in the ictercld between thie visits of Martin anl the ,rorier. Dlunn stated that hie lul been atTect:il with numhness in the hands asln triets fur several dayrs, but inow appears to have quite recovered. Mrs 1. ,:each, sife ,if Major :c.achl, slho met with a shckinci a.mih tft at the Oru,,cal raraiay strltion a fiew weeks ago, iy l.eing rmi over iy a train, is still at the Mel' lourne osfc i tal. inee the opvr.stion for tihe aniputation of helr lvers the ohl lly lha stralily po-rre,,el. lher bright dliposition mtnarially aiding i er progress. ShIe is not yet stmneenough toas ont, Iss is rapillt recrvering her strentih. The Rev. J. H.: Fretiti, wihlo, for a numn ber of years has been incumbent of St. Miry's Church, Mnrwell, has accepted the nuracy of Christ Church, Geelong. He will be succeeld by Mr If. G. Langley, a son of Archdeacon Langley (of Melbourne), who rwill enter upotn his duties at 3torwell on October I. \henl Captlhin Towe, of the Gordon Highlandlers' t Iho lhad loth his eyes shot out at the battle of Mount Thlaba, went. to Windlsoor to receive tlie Victoria Cross at the hands of Her 3tajesty, the ueeon was so overcnme ilth emotion that sihe burst into tears, antl uwas unatle for a few seconds to speak. The blind officer. though led into the roost by his wife, walked forward a few paces alone, and salutedl as he reached the Quccn. Why sholul not King Alexander of Ser via marry Madamune 31asoin ? asks "Truth." His father, Milan, married a Rutssian lady, and then dil Iris best to divorce her. This father is one of the most disreputable scamps that ever sat on a throne. W\\\'len Servia and Bulgaria were at war lie dtis grnovl himsel f his hy his cowardice as much as Alexander of Bulgaria distinguished himl self by his bravery. HIli subjects loathed him and got lid of him. Since then lie has been wandering about Eu'rope, playing heavily at baccarat, and periodically threat ening his son oith a revtolotion if hle does not pay his g.utllling doebti. This degraded creature is now indignatl at hlis son1's ntarrying a tuly not of Royal hirth, although his grandfather tws a successful keeper of pigs. The Serviano appear delighted that their Sorereign sloul d marry a Sorcian, and they will be still more delighted if he breaks of all connectio n with his father. The news fromt Ilaonlooi with regarorl to the butter market is tnot oquit so Usat isfact o"r as might have been hoped for from a sellers' point of view. Recent ,mtail adviceo have dwelt upon the absence tof storing and tile prospect of supplies being restricted by hlot weather. )During the past mtonth, however, aconsiderable amtount of rain has flit'e' in Eogland and on the Continent, atnl accord ing to the cable Iteosage which llappeared lately the Itnropean suppllies of Ibutter are still plent.iful. There is no detandl for Ano?tralian butter, anttd the arrivals are being stored. The " Argus" says : - These arrivals, it should be notted, consist merely of butter taken off the local market in M3el bourne and not specially prepared for e.. port. The first blhipments of butter tlatufactured for the London market went forwarl by the China, which left Melbourne on July 31, and only when those shipments arrive in London can tile market be properly tested. The present quotation of 1.ls for choicest Danish butter compares with lois at the corresponding date last year. It is reported that Li Hung Chantg, the Chinese Grand Secretary, who is lnow e-ll leavouring to negotiate terms of peace with the allied Powers, is about to take active steps to suppres the Boxers. The statement however, emanates fromt a Chinese source, and is not, so far coroborated1. The announcement is thaot Li ulltng Chutol has directel the native soolicry in the provinces of Hua-tnat, i-i Central Chita atll Chih-li, to the north, in which latter the Imperial city of Pekin;g is situated, to extermninate the Boxers. Tile Allied Powers are now alout to punish the Boxers in the neighborhood of Paoting-fu, .eighty miles to the southlwest of Peking. Tetrih!oe outrag._ were pc.. petrated there by the Couxers in the begin: ring of last July. They attacked the mtis aions,- an killed its sitanyo o oi 20 Chllillese converts to, Chtiiotanty'. Thu Allies have lecidell to tlear. all the villages in this lirection of the baiers, and are dlespatching an expedition with this object JIlesro Little antIl Porthwick will hold their openinog ~ile of cattle ato Tradlgon to morrow. The' sale will be commencedl at half-past twelte o'clock osharlp at their yards adjoining Varney0s Hotel... On Wedneslay at Gletumaggie Moessrs Mathieson and Davis will hold an important clearing sale for Mr Robert Fullerton when they will sell the whole of his stock, work ing plant, etc. The sale will commtence at twelve o'clock sharp antd luncheon will be provided. At Valencia Creek to-daly Me3sr A. .1'Lean atnd Co. will hohl a clearing sale for Mrs Warren, when the whole of her dairy heard, etc., will be sold s ithout reserve. At the sa?ue time t Messrs A. M'Leau andl Co. under instructions from MIr John 31'Inoes will let tihe farme now occupiedl by Mr Warren. The sale will commnence at eleven sharp, and luncheon will be provided. Full particulars of tihe unreerved clear ing sale of 3lesrs Knox and Grceelnhill's lairy herd, etc., to take place at Tinuamoba on Thursday next by Messrs A. M'Lean and Co. are adlvertised to-day. A sale of 23oi dairy cows sill be luhld by Messrs A. M'Le.an and Co., at MaIffa, on Saturday next. '.rticulars are advertised tltday. Accorlding to reports of a great uouoher of physicians of tie highest professisnol standtl ing, there are offered Eocalypti Eixtract ohichl posress to curative oquajlitics. In pro. tection of tie world wide flame to f o .iStler anl Son's lprepalration we plublish a few alstracts fron thles reports, lwhicih lac.r flly out tohat no reliance colt be placedl it othler prolucts :--Dr. W. It. Roush, Olakltld, FH.., srites-"It is somcetimes dlolicult to o:ltoain thie geottuie arlicle (tlnller and Sonl'). I emoployerd different other plreparations; tley- htd nto ther;apeutic value atld no efflects. In ote coe thie eects were oimilar to, tihe oil clhanlpora, thie oljectiona.ble actiou of lwhichl is well known." Dr I. H I. It. ke, 'Portland, Oregon, sa's-"Since I ihcame ,cquainted with tiis prelparation Sandtler u001 onss') I use no other form of ccahlyptus as I think it Ilv far the best." l)r. 8. I' Pl'reston, Lynchi ureg, V'., writes-- " I never use a0l0 prepar~ ltion other thlan Sallder and 'os', ao I hate found the others to be ahlmost usless." Dr. J. 3I. Coromell, Kansas City, Kans., Isos--"Care Ilts to be exercisa l not to be supplield with spturios preCtarations, at ,nhe by my supp lydrnggist." D)r. If. 1. Hart, New York, says-" It goes withouso sotving that Sttoler attnld onso' Eucalypti Ex. tract is tle Iest in tlhe market." Dr. ,toot Reekie, Fairview, N. 31.-"'So wide is withl me tihe rtlo-e of anplicatioos of Saonder andl 0,ws' E'caovlpti l xtract that I ctrrc it withl 0le wherever I go. I tilol it toosst tselul in dierrhnea, all throat troutbles, brunchlitisi etc." lDr. A. McKitrick, lBrownshuuo rg, bIl -"I regardl Sandler aond tonso' Eucalypt, Extract ith highl repute. As a retedy for asthmlnatic and bronchial trouble, it certainly cannot be excelled 