Queensland Soldiers Sergeant Johnson Speaka Denial of Hospital Neglect. . Although statements made by the returning Queensland soldiers to interviewers in Mel bourne and Sydney have been published in this journal, it was thought that much addi tional information might bo elicited which would be' of interest here. For this reason It was - that a representative .of the .Telegraph sought out Sergeant Johnson, the invalided Queenslander, who received so hearty a welcome home on July 4. It may at first sight appear somewhat incou ' grnous that the subjectof immigration should here be introduced, but on second thoughts-it will be generally admitted to be not so very inappropriate. Many advocates of State aided immigration hold up the Scandinavian peoples as likely to furnish most suit \- able colonists, and Sezgcant Johnson is a living illustration of tho thorough ness with which tho "Northmen" \- identify themselves with their adopted 'country. For John Feter Johnson, to give bim his same in full, in u native of Denmark, and'was well into manhood when he decided to come to Queensland. Ho bos now resided ~ in his adopted country for 23 years, during the greater port of which he has followed his trade as a builder. A rezy short con versation with Sergeant * Johnson suffices to convince' one that he is possessed of more than average intelligence. That he is a ** man of parts," too, is evidenced by his \- success in many varied undertaking*. He is an accomplished linguist, speaking several European tongues with fluency. The soldier's instinct is strong within him, and though before the present campaign he bad. not been Uirougti his baptism of lire he has been under military training daring the greater portion of his lite. • TYhen a bay of 14 he entered the Danish artillery as a cadet, and remained in the ser vico for 12 years, being & non- commissioned officer for the last eight of those years. For this he received % long service medal, which he fctfll wears. After coming to Queensland hie joined the Field Artillery, and during the whole of bis 23 years as a colonist has been in the Defence Force. For some time he was .staff orderly to Lieu tenant-colonel Bhtxland, \- the then commandant, and subsequently was v orderly to Sir Arthur Palmer, when JLieu tenant-Governor of Queensland. He has \- also been connected with the Marine Defence ' - Force, having a few years ago, at the request of Captain Walton Drake, R.N., undertaken • the formation of h Naval Brigade at Tears day Island, in which he was the fir*: petty officer and instructor. He continued to act • as instructor until the corps was disbanded, ' Lis qualification for this work having been partially derived from his employment on pilot steamers at Maryborough and elsewhere. When volunteers for South Africa were first called for Johnson was in Mackay, and was unable to get to Brisbane in time for the -contingent which left under Lieutenant* colonel Blcardo. On coming to Brisbane ; about that time he joined No. 1 Field Battery, under Major Hoghton, and almost imme diately. after, when the second con tingent was decided upon, he offered himself, and was accepted. Of- the voyage in the steamer Maori King nothing ' need -be said. As has already been men 'tioaed, Johnson enlisted as a private, and as a matter of fact remained in the ranks until the time of his being invalided ba»'k to Australia. One remarkable fact about hi* doiugs in South Africa is that during the whole of liia campaigning ho was only with' the Queenslanders for a few days. After landing at Capetown he ac ompauied die second contingent to the Moaaer River. : Hnd with uiue other'men, under Corporal . Foweii, wa> left behiad there in charge of the transport. Shortly after orders ; were : received that the transport waggons were to .be sent on to Kimberley. Johnson and his companions were attached to the 12th Lan cer*. and did duty as scouts durgjg the inarch to Kimberley. They reached Kimberley after the relief bud been \ accomplished, but were in time to see the ceremony in connection with the disbanding of the famous Town Guard. It was while scouting 8 miles from .Kimberley that John eon met with the accident which led ultimately to his being sent home an invalid. His horse, which was thoroughly knocked up, suddenly fell, and before he had time to get clear fell upon hiiu and pinned him to the ground, keepiug him in that positiou for over half an tiour. Wiitn tin? column varan up he was extricated from that position, and although feeling very fetiff was able to ride iuto Kintberier. On reaching the \- town, he found that when dismounted he wa> Unable to s;ano up. He was taken to the \- camp hospital, but after a few days' treat* ; roeut was discharged as fit for service. rle . rejoined the cavalry, ana was, with tbein. \- entrained to the Xaauwpoort central military camp, There they took charge of between SOO and 900 Argentine hordes, intended as remounts- for the troops at the from, aiia witu them, proceeded by easy •' day marches to Blormiontein. On . theh\arrival there the whole .of die horses * were banded over to the Imperial forces, after which Johnson and his comrades were ordered to rejoin the Qaeensianders, who were then encamped at Springfield, about 6 miles from Sloemfontein. After some delay the Queens landers were provided with the remounts they . needed, and it was then that the whole of the . Australians in that parr of the country were brigaded under Major-general Hutton. Jehu son was present at the inspection of the brigade, i Tho men suffered severely in the bitterly cold utghes. and it was because of Uicluckof warm clothing' that so mnny were attacked by diarrhoea, dysentery, and fever. The food allowance was also very scanty, the men.for over a week beiug compelled to live on a biscuit and a-hulf each and a email allowance of "bully" beef per day. A general issue of clothing? and 6torcs was made on .April 25. While at Springfield Johnson fell sick; the exposure having aggravated- the spinal trouble which had resulted from his previous accident. He was sent to the Xq. 8 general hospital at Bloem fontein on April 27, and about a week later was sent by train to Wvnberg, about 5 miles from Capetown. He received the kindest possible treatment in the hospital at Bloem ! fontein, and when he was removed was £cnt in a proper ambulance train, in which be was able to lie down comfortably all the way. The only complaint which could be made concerning that journey was in regard* to the inadequate of the food supplied.. Fortunately he and others had been paid before leaving Bloein fontein, and were able to purchase some " ermt.%" but fancy prices bad to be paid for them. Hie food that was given them con sisted of dry biscuits and •* bully" beef with tea or .coffee, and it need haruty be said that was hardly a suitable dietary for invalids. At Wynbcrg the invalids received every kiudue-f and attention. They were "accommo dated in large marquees, nicely floored, and were made comfortable ju proper hospital beds, with good mattresses, sheets, pillows, mosquito nets, and everything else that was necessary. During the fort night he was there Johnson, not being com peted to keep to his bed, was able to do duty as clerk in the hospital orderly room. He was thence sent in an ambulance waggon to the railway station, and took the train toCape town, everything being done to convey bim in comfort to the steamer Australasian. The stacrage berths on board the steamer being all taken up, Sergeant Johnson was accom modated in a saloon cabin which ho shared with rrivate Kroner, the West Australian Y.C. man, anu Private Botluuilcr, of the Queensland ilouuted Infantry. Before they left Capetown the invalids received a parcel of. clothing1 sent on board by the Red Cross Society, and these wore distributed; as fairlr as possible. Every thing- that could be done / to ensure their comfort on the voyage was done, and Sergeant Johnson ►peaks most gratefully of the kindness of Captain Wall, of Xew South Wales, who was in charge of the Australian invalids. Sergeant Johnson's experience of the hospitals at Bloemfontein and* Wynbcrg has been such that be can only speak*of his treatment with the. deepest gratitude. He states that as a matter of course he did not get everything he would have J iked, but be never ex pected to do so. He indignantly de nies the troth of the assertion* which hrfVe been made as to neglect on' the part of those in charge of the Blocmfontciu hospitals. At the same time he considers that there certainly was grouud for complaint at the manner in which the invadded Australians who werek in the Maitlund hospital were allowed to find their way to the - steamer as best they conld. That was certainh' due to scandalous neglect on the part of someone in authority. » Sergeant Johnson states that now he has returned he hopes to ivjoin the Xo. 1 field Batterv. 