lite Jtfljto:. ADELAIDE: THURSDAY. FEBBUARY 22, 1900. THE DOMESTIC SERVANT WOHRY. ''The niistresses arc too exacting and inconsiderate, and factory service is easier than housework.' 'The ser \ants we have are too indolent and ar rogant, and there are not enough girls ivailable for the positions which are )ffering.** These declarations represent From opposite points of view tbc pith -f the correspondence now proceeding n 'The Register' upou what has been lptly termed 'The 'Domestic Servant Worry;** and. as is usual in soch cases, sach has some truth in it. Certain mistresses cannot be induced to believe that the servant-girl is of the like cou iirnction with themselves and quite as liahlc to be weary and worn, and to rwirn for cheerful companionship to lift her occasionally out of the hum Irum ruts of life, with its depressing monotony. Such employers as these regard their servants as mere ma chines wound up to move incessantly from 15 to IS hours every day, with this difference— 4hat a machine would not need bedroom ' accommodation, whilst at least some. apology for that sort of thing bas to be provided for the girl, who accordingly is thrust at night into tbe most cheerless and uncomfort able corner of the house, or expected to Iw content with a sofa in an over heated or draughty kitchen. These ladies are responsible for the satirical rhyme— While still Britannia rules the waves . Britons never shall be slaves. Whrn women patriots sin?, the *tavc is That Britonesses won't be slaveys. It is as obvious that no self-respecting young woman can endure such treat ment as it is. on the other hand, that no sensible mistress can tolerate girls who want to tako the wages apper taining to the position of domestic ser vant on tbe distinct understanding that tbo work is to be put out and that they are not to be worried with mere common labour, such as the peeling of vulgar potatoes, when they nre not giving tone to their mistress's piano by strumming upon it, or glorifying her drawing-room by entertaining callers therein. Beyond honest controversy are established the facts that there are. mistresses who are slavedrivers and servants who are petty tyrants, taking full advantage of their position, and making life a burden in many a house hold. Equally tme is tbe saying that bad mistresses make bad servants, and vice versa. But what about other sides of tho question? In the metropolitan area are about 4,000 more females thau mules, and yet many good, liberal, considerate mistresses cannot secure domestic servants for love or money; and some bare been driven to take up their residence in hotels on this air count High wages, comfortable apart ments, plentiful holidays— all are of fered iu vain; and at the same time there is a glut of young women want ing positions in factories and offices, or lio positions at alL but leisured ease at home while The mother docs the work. These ? last, however, are com paratively exceptional cases. When th«re is pleutv of work to be done, with numerous workers refusing to do it, something must be wrong in social conditions. Some people in despera tion have suggested that a shipload of domestic servants should be brought as free immigrants to thn colony; but whence could they be obtained? Not, apparently, in the old country. Even in Scotland— the home of thrift and matter-of-fact work— South Australian circumstances in this respect are repro duced: and many columns of recent numbers of such papers as the 'Scots- man' have hfen filled with letters si milar to those which 'The Register' has lately published. Through all these have ruu the same grievous plaint of the distracted mistress, and the protest of tho revolting servant, who declares that she would ruther work at half-wag«\s in a factory than on auy terms in a private house. This preference suggests :i gloomy prospect not only for misrrvs sos. but also for the hus bands whom factory girls innocent of domestic accomplishments may induce to become allied to them. Tbe only coherent reason given for their choice of alternatives is that the hours in do mestic service are too many, and that the life is needlessly laborious and not free enough. To overcome this trouble one lady has made trial of an experi ment, which she thus explains in a Scottish newspaper:— I have a suggestion to make in this difficulty. Try daily senanu. ? keep two ierranis, and one of these is a Oaity tenant. I know several ladies who find the daily servant quite a success. Leav ing when toe work i- done, the pirl hi» the same freedom as iho*c sirli- in chops, mill*, ic. . and it therefore much easier to find than the njua! stay- in thc-hou-e servant. .W to the -earrity of i-ookk. 1 ?uscett that Indie: try married cooks, who will conic daily for some Imurj, doinc tbe rooking only, and leave after the Lite dinner. Many cx-cuvks would be glad to du thL.. The conditions of that lady'* house hold may not be similar to those to which the average housewife is sub ject in South Australia: but mistresses may well consider whether it is abso lutely accessary for their domestic as sistants to work so many hours as they do, and to. bo so secluded as they arc in tbe most impressionable time of their lives. On the. part of the girl who scorns household tasks some pro lit should be derived- from the reflcc tiou that in the long run work in the house is far more conducive to ber future welfare than! employment in the factory; and that liberty to gad about tbc streets at night Is not wholly a gaiii'to a -young woman. , Amid many doubtful proposition!* one conclusion is irresistible. If tbc housewife can no longer depend upon enjoying the advantage of paid assist ance, she und her daughters can at least help themselves more than is usually done in many cases. Great iu deed has been the change in domestic ideals in South Australia since the Jays of the bmve and sturdy old pio neers: and some modification was iu cvitable as a concomitant of the de velopment of civilization. The ques tion, however, is whether Hiere is not too great a contrast between the times when the house-mother and her girls performed all tbc domestic work as a pleasant duty and those in which it is done in bouifr households as a grudgiug task, or not done at all. This latter re mark, of course, applies to extreme cases: but in relatiou to tho average, do uot too mauy mothers— eveu mo thers ennobled by lives of busy indus try—put wrong notions into their daughters' heads? Do they not encour age the girls to think that, like the lilies, 'young ladies' should toil not. neither should they spin— that tho tinklv-tinklc of the piano bespeaks the noble aristocratic soul, while the rub a-dub-dab of the wasbing-board, the snip-snip of the scissors, and the drag tlrag of the needle and the thread lw loken a common aud plebeian spirit'.' Such ideas arc preposterous, and thegirl who has carried them into practice DUght not to Ik- considered qualified for marriage, e.veu in a wealthy home, iu a young country where riches souk1 tiuics take untu themselves wings and fly away, and where a family circle which is alniH- ut to-day may be po verty-stricken to-morrow. How help less, though among servants, is the wife to whom the kitchen-range, tho washrub, and the dressmaking table are mere abstract unrealities like the protoplasmic gospel or the atmosphore of Mars! In accordance with an old German custom no girl, whatever her social status, wad allowed to' wed until she had made her owu trousseau and put it through the laundry, and cooked the wherewithal to furnish forth tho marriage-feast. Iu a similar school was brought up that pattern to woman hood, the Priucess of Wales, whose Danish mother was more sensible than mauy whom one meets to-day— women who labour under the delusion that thu best recommendatiou which their daughters can offer to eligible young men contemplating marriage is that their bands have never been 'soiled, by domestic labour!'' The royal lady of Denmark taught her girls that a woman could till even thu most exalted station no whit the less capably, but the reverse, if she knew how long an egg required in tbe boiling, and how many yards of dress-stuff were needed for a frock. If the consort of tho Prince of Wales were by some strange mutation of fortune to be compelled to live iu a cottage, the knowledge which she acquired as a young woman would render her independent of hired helps. She could make her owu dresses, cook her own meals, and choose a joint with the best of butchers; yet she is admit tedly perhaps the most gracious and retincd lady iu Europe. Is not a les son here suggested to somebody or other': ? 