The Sydney Morning Herald. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1900. Of the first Canadian contingent 500 will return at the end of their term, and what remains of the 1000 who formed the body originally have volunteered to remain until the war is over. Vermaak, a prominent Natal rebel, has been sen- tenced to three years' imprisonment and a fine of £1500. The English press resents the effusive patronage and the signal honours bestowed by the Netherlands Government on Mr. Kruger. The Dutch are stig- matised as ungrateful and no longer the friends of Great Britain. Mr. Michael Davitt denies that he has been disil- lusioned about the Boers. Lord Roberts cables that of 3000 Boen who have retreated to Komati Poort 700 have crossed the fron- tier, that some others have deserted, and that the balance has occupied the spurs of the Lebambo Mountain which are on the borders of Swazisland and Portuguese East Africa. He adds that there was a general tumult when the hopelessness of the Boer cause was recognised. General Rundle captured a gun and 30 waggons in his recent attack on Bronkorstfontein. The General himself was wounded by a spent " pom-pom " shell, but not disabled. Lord Roberts reports that the Boers have des- troyed several of their " Long Toms " and field guns, and that the commandos have degenerated into marauding bands. Lieutenant-General Kelly-Kenny is pursuing Boer marauding bands near Doorberg, and Major- General Hart is similarly engaged in the neighbour- hood of Potchefstroom. The Netherlands Government has informed Great Britain that the offer of a warship for the conveyance of Mr. Kruger to Europe was made out of regard for the ex-President's health. The British Government has replied that it is not intended to interfere with the journey. Lord Roberts reports that the foreigners in Johan- nesburg intended on July 14 to murder the unarmed officers and police on the Johannesburg racecourse, to overpower the garrison, and to seize the Govern- ment offices. The plotters, who were acting with the connivance of the Boers in the vicinity, were arrested to the number of 500 on the night of the 13th. The evidence about the plot was submitted to the foreign Consuls, who concurred in the wisdom of the arrests. Later 75 of the persons arrested were released on the foreign Cousuls' responsibility, and the rest were deported, with the approval of all the nationalities represented in Johannesburg. Few other foreigners have been deported, with the excep- tion of the Netherlands railway men, who refused to work for the British, and were proved to have been actively engaged in the war. Holland is demanding compensation on behalf of those men. A cable message states that the White Star Line Company has placed orders at Belfast for the build- ing of two steamers of 13,000 tons each for the Aus- tralian trade. Mr. Balfour, the First Lord of the Treasury, ad- dressing his constituents at East Manchester, con- tended that if a Radical Administration obtained power it would be faced with Boer persistence for in- dependence, and would be unable to exhibit firmness of purpose or consistency of policy. Mr. Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the Colo- nies, in his address justifies the South African war, and states that it has been made illustrious by the heroism of the Imperial forces, by the patriotism of the nation, and by the enthusiastic support of their kinsmen in all the self-governing colonies. The note of the Emperor William insisting upon the production of notorious instigators of the outrages in China before entering into negotiations has given immense satisfaction at Shanghai. Reports from Berlin state that the Allies have captured the Peitong and Lutai forts, after heavy loss. The Moscow correspondent of the " Standard " states that massacres have been perpetrated by the Russians at Blagorvyeshchensk, the capital of the Amur province of Siberia. The correspondent reports that the Russians on recapturing the town, which had been taken by the Chinese troops, disarmed 5000 Chinese, led them in small batches to the River Amur, and ordered them to cross to the Chinese side. There were no boats available and the river was a mile wide, with a rapid current. At the least sign of hesitation from the Chinese the Russians stabbed and shot the men, women, and children and flung their bodies into the stream. Similar occurrences are reported to have taken place elsewhere on the Manchurian border, and it is believed that 12,000 Chinese were killed in this manner. It is claimed at Berlin that the Emperor Wil- liam's proposal regarding negotiations with China is favourably received by all the Powers, except Russia, the United States of America, and Japan. News has been received in New Zealand from Tahiti stating that last month the French warship Aube annexed Rurutu, one of the Austral group of islands south of Tahiti. The natives petitioned for annexation to facilitate trade with the French islands. The sixth annual combined sports meeting of the Athletic Association of the Great Public Schools of New South Wales was held on the Sydney Cricket Ground yesterday. There was a very large atten- dance. A committee appointed to report on the defences of New Zealand has recommended a scheme of im- proved defence to cost approximately £373,428. The strength of the volunteer forces is to be increased to 17,000, and a sum of £105,000 will be required for rifles and accoutrements. The representatives of the Associated Northern Collieries met yesterday to consider the selling price of coal. Pending further information from certain quarters the meeting was adjourned until Thursday next. The body of Robert Morris, who was in charge of the boat Ruby when she was capsized in the harbour on September 2, was found by officers of the Water Police yesterday, off Middle Head. The Danish barque Norby, which left Auckland on July 9 to load copra in the Society Islands for Europe, was wrecked on a reef at Raiatea on August 21\. The captain and crew of the wrecked barque arrived at Auckland yesterday in the Union steamer Oralan. A message has been received at Auckland from Raratonga stating that at a meeting of natives and chiefs, held early this month, it was decided to ask Great Britain to annex the islands. At a meeting held yesterday at the Town Hall it was decided to hold a demonstration in the Town Hall at an early date to present Mr. G. H. Reid with an illuminated address an a recognition of his ser- vices in the cause of federation. The funeral of the late Professor Cosh, M.A., D.D., took place yesterday at Gore Hill Cemetery. A service was held at St. Stephen's Church, Phillip- street. The Rev. John Kinross, D.D., presided, and there was a very large attendance. A Commonwealth commemoration banquet was held at the Oddfellows' Hall, Goulburn, last night. The Mayor (Alderman Knowlman) presided. His Excellency Earl Beauchamp, Mr. G. H. Reid, M.L.A., Dr. Chalmers (Anglican Bishop of Goul- burn), Mr. Caswell, P.M., the Premier (Sir William Lyne), Dr. Gallagher (Roman Catholic Bishop), Mr. Edmund Barton, Q.C., and Mr. A. M. Betts, were amongst those present. Mr. Alfred Dampier produced " Macbeth " in connection with his series of Shakespearian per- formances at the Criterion Theatre last night. It is reported that a Chinaman murdered a fellow- countryman at Mount Morgan, Queensland, yester- day, as the result of a quarrel. During the time two excursion trains, from Sydney and Melbourne respectively, were at Albury station yesterday, several cases of pocket-picking were re- ported to the police. One woman had her purse stolen, containing £20 and a railway ticket. A moderate amount of business was transacted in investment stocks on the Stock and Share market yesterday, and prices generally were steady. A better tone prevailed in the Mining market yes- terday, although the bulk of business was less than on the previous day. Coal companies were more buoyant, silver stocks were firm, and Western Aus- tralian gold shares showed an all round improve- ment. Naval defence, so far as it concerns the coming Commonwealth, is one of the questions that will have to be presently met and answered. We published the other day an interesting contribution to its discussion from our special corres- pondent with the naval contingent, setting forth the views of Captain Hixson and Commander Tickell, the officers in charge of the New South Wales and Victorian contingents respectively, on the subject. The interviews have been read with in- terest, because they set forth in practical fashion certain considerations the Common- wealth will have to face. One of the ob- jects we held before our minds in federat- ing, it will be remembered, was the neces- sity for combined action for mutual defence on the part of all the colonies. When the necessity for anything of the kind arises, and we can- not expect to remain unmolested for ever, our first line of defence will have to be formed on the high seas. The time has gone by when our isolation guaranteed our immunity from attack. Distance has almost been annihilated by the march of modern improvement, and the world's search for markets has brought its utter- most ends into touch with each other. A few years ago the Far East was a synonym for remoteness, yet the China Sea to-day is crowded with the fleets of all nations. Until quite recently Manila was an out-of-the-way, old-world Spanish town, almost forgotten in its isolation. To-day it is an American colonial port, and the simple statement of that fact summarises a revolutionary departure in United States policy. The Pacific is a European lake, with Hawaii, Apia, and portions of the China coast in the hands of America, Germany, France, Russia, and Japan. Yet it was not so long since the supremacy of the British flag was practically unquestioned from Hongkong to Hobart, and except for the French cruisers a foreign man-of- war was only seen as a bird of passage. A few years have made all the difference, and another decade or two will make even the present conditions unrecognisable. The Australian Commonwealth has a vital interest in all this, and the fact is one which must be acknowledged and re- membered. " My opinion is that no fear need arise from an attempt to land an enemy's troops on our extensive seaboard," said Captain Hixson to our correspondent ; " what we have to fear is the destruction of our commerce and shipping." This represents our share and part in the risks of empire, and now that we have sent troops abroad to take part in the Empire's wars we must expect to receive the attention we have invited from any possible enemy. Commander Tickell reminds us of the same thing in his remarks to our corres- pondent on the facility with which Aus- tralian commerce, 95 per cent. of which comes round Cape Leeuwin, could be harassed and captured by a couple of smart cruisers of the enemy. The tempting nature of the prize need not been commented on, nor the severity of the blow that could be struck by this means at the welfare of the Common- wealth. The comparative ease with which such a destructive enterprise could be attempted is at once apparent when it is contrasted with the difficulty, expense, and risk attending any attempt to dis- embark an armed force on Aus- tralian soil. If the wars of the future are to be wars for trade, as has been said, no better tactics could be devised to cripple our commerce. Again, as Captain Hixson also reminds us, in these days when coal is such a desideratum in naval warfare, it is not difficult to conceive that a determined effort might be made by raiders on our coaling ports. It might be said that the power of Great Britain at sea is a suffi- cient bulwark for Australia, and no doubt our experience in the past largely justifies that confidence. But our best naval experts have for some time perceived that the changing conditions must materially modify the outlook. " Russia, Germany, Japan, and the United States are all Pacific Powers," writes Sir John Colomb in the current "Fortnightly." But he adds, "These foreign Powers are developing and consolidating war power in that hemisphere, while we are asleep." It is quite true that we have our auxiliary squadron and the flagship, but then, as we have just been reminded, it may prove desirable in the event of war to withdraw these vessels for a time for use elsewhere. The mere act of withdrawal would be an in- vitation to the cruisers of the enemy, although, of course, the Admiralty might have the best possible reasons for such action. Clearly, the Commonwealth will have to help itself. The practical question is as to how this is best to be done. There are two ways indicated in the interviews to which we have referred, and Admiral Colomb incidentally makes a auggestion which aims at combining both. It is first of all premised that even if the ships of our auxiliary squadron were left on our coasts they would be unable to afford a sufficient measure of protection against those predatory foreign cruisers to which reference has been made. " Ships like the Katoomba and others of the auxiliary squadron," remarked Com- mander Tickell, "cannot maintain a suffi- ciently high rate of speed for such purposes, and they are weak in gun-power, besides having poor coal capacity." The fate of the Spanish fleet is sufficient com- mentary on the meaning of this. The finest courage on the part of British seamen would be thrown away under these conditions if opposed by a single fleet cruiser armed with quick- firing, long-range guns. Such protection, if it engendered a false feeling of security, would be worse than none at all. The remedy is either to get a better class of ships from England—and Captain Hixson indicates to some extent how this could be done by distributing about the Empire the second- raters now in British naval ports—or to establish an Aus- tralian squadron of our own. This is the course experts favour, and if we set apart for a moment the consider- ation of cost, it is certainly the one likely to prove most satisfactory. So long as we borrow cruisers from England, and insist that our contribution to their sup- port entitles us to claim that the Admir- alty shall not withdraw them at critical moments, we can hardly expect to see the most useful vessels of their class locked up on the Australian station. We shall get those ships which the Admiralty can best spare. With our own fleet we could train our own men in time, and the Commonwealth would have a naval arm of defence of its own in case of need. The expense has been the stumbling block in the past. Ad- miral Colomb points out, however, that the aggregate revenue of Canada and Australasia is nearly double that of Japan, which maintains its own fleet. He thinks the Dominion and the Commonwealth might combine to form a navy, since both are Pacific States. The proposal has at least this to recom- mend it, that it suggests a plan to organise British resources in this half of the world, to discharge the obligations of Empire where its common interests are threatened. Whilst the Statistician's report on the vital statistics of New South Wales for 1899 is not altogether a satisfactory docu- ment, it contains much upon which we may congratulate ourselves. Thus the population had increasod from 1,333,840 on December 31, 1898, to 1,356,650 on December 31, 1899, an increase of 22,810 persons, or at the rate of 1·7 per cent. This is not a high rate of increase, but it is an increase : which is more than the statistics of some other countries can show. Of it, 20,560 was due to the excess of births over deaths, and only 2250 to the excess of immigration over emigration. It is a fact of which there can be no doubt that Australia has lost of late years the at- tractions it possessod in the eyes of per- sons who wanted to leave the old world and seek their fortunes in fresh fields. Possibly this is partly due to the marvellous increase of prosperity in the United Kingdom, where there is so much to be done by the best class of labour that high wages are the rule and not the exception. Even unskilled labour is in demand, and able-bodied men can get work at satisfactory wages close to their old homes. Compare this state of things with the days not so long gone by, when farm hands were hardly paid a living wage, and when artisans jostled each other in the frantic struggle for work at almost any price they could get. Naturally then they turned their eyes with longing to Australia with its freer life and greater prospects, especially when the possibilities of making a fortune seemed anything but remote, at a time when lucky diggers were spreading everywhere the news of mar- vellous discoveries of gold. Now, other things being equal, intending emigrants would naturally prefer new countries somewhat nearer than Australia. Despite the comparatively quick passages of the present day Australia is weeks away from Great Britain, whilst America and South Africa are only days. We are in fact in a transition state, and must rely in future for our immigration on the steady develop- ment of our resources which may be ex- pected to follow upon federation rather than on spasmodic discoveries of sur- prising riches. A more serious point is one which we share with every other colony—the de- cline of the birth-rate. The number of births during 1899 was 36,461, or a rate of 27·10 per 1000 of population. Ten years ago the ratio was 35·36, and it has steadily declined in the interval. This is a very serious state of things, and one to which special attention may again be directed. Of course, it is partly due to the depression which has prevailed throughout Australasia. People were afraid to undertake the responsibilities of marriage at a time when the prospects of success in life were so gloomy, and there was a decline in the birth-rate consequent upon the falling-off in the number of mar- riages. Fortunately this state of things no longer exists, and it may be trusted that a return will be made before long to the normal ratio. It is at least as true here as it is in older countries that the strength of a country depends upon the natural increase of its population. Mr. Coghlan has discovered, after special investigation, that for all women the proportion of fertile marriages is declin- ing ; that amongst fertile women the birth- rate is much reduced as compared with what it was twenty years ago, and that Australian women are less fertile than the European women who have emigrated to these shores. Much might be done, one would think, in the way of encouraging population. Thus it may be considered advisable, for instance, for the State to remove the natural reluctance of poor persons to enter upon the marriage state, with the possibility of having large families, by making provision for them on the lands of the country. There is plenty of room for all in this great colony, and the closer settlement which would result would more than repay the State for the alienation of the land. At any rate, the matter is one which will demand the early attention of our statesmen, if the Commonwealth of Australia is to advance from its very beginning. It is pleasant to turn from this topic to the matter of the marriages during 1899. These amounted to 9275, or a rate of 6·89 per 1000 of the population, the highest rate shown since 1891. The marriage rate is one of the surest indications of the ma- terial prosperity of a country, and when an increase is accompanied, as in this case, by improvement in the volume and price of exports, assurance is rendered double sure. Nor is this the only point in this connection on which the colony has reason to congratulate itself. The fact that the percentage of persons who signed the marriage register with marks has fallen from 16·96 in 1871, and from 2·19 in 1896, to 1·42 in 1899, proves that illite- racy has sensibly diminished. To be sure, even this 1·42 is too high, and is indeed difficult to account for in these days of free and compulsory education ; but at least the 16 men and 12 women who signed with marks in 1899 shows a vast im- provement on the 145 men and 194 women who were unable to write their signatures in 1871. The returns are also satisfactory as regards deaths, which numbered 15,901, or a rate of 11·82 per 1000 of the population, which is 0.61 below the mean rate of the last ten years. Indeed, with one exception, the rate is the lowest on record. Much of this steady de- crease in the death rate is due to the greater care people are taking in matters concerning the public health ; much, too, to the introduction of better scientific methods for the treatment of particular dis- eases. Take, for instance, diphtheria, from which 169 died in 1898, and only 60 in 1899. The climate and the healthy conditions of life are all in favour of longevity. The State bears a share in the credit by reason of its legislation in the interests of the purity of the food of the people, though doubtless much more may be done in this direction. Cable Communication.—The Postmaster-General has received the following message from Ade- laide :—" Berne advises that the Zanzibar-Mom- bassa cable is interrupted." Life in London and Thereabout.—Mr. Lucy's letter, published to-day, is devoted almost wholly to incidents connected with the career of the late Lord Chief Justice of England. Vice-Regal News.—His Excellency the Governor will return from Goulburn this morning. The Political Situation.—There is little fresh to record regarding political matters. The pre- vailing opinion, however, amongst members of both Houses is that the threatened dead-lock will be averted. The Sydney Corporation Bill is regarded as an important measure, but in Ministerial circles it is not believed that the Go- vernment will resort to any drastic measures on account of it. In the first place, the hopes of the Government are pinned to the holding of another conference between the two Houses. With differ- ent managers on both sides it is believed that a different result might be arrived at. It was hinted yesterday that the Assembly would be wil- ling " to give way " so far as the election of the Mayor by the citizens is concerned if the Council could see its way to agree to the fran- chise suggested by the Lower House. Nothing definite will be done until the Premier returns from his trip to Goulburn and Young. A Cabi- net meeting will then be held. This may be on Monday, but more probably on Tuesday morning. Various courses can be pursued by the Govern- ment. It could, if it liked, suspend the City Council altogether and put it into commission. It is hardly likely, however, that this course will be followed. New members might be appointed to the Upper House ; or the bill might be dropped altogether. So far, however, Ministers seem per- fectly happy. They are preparing new bills for the present session. Nothing like a panic pre- vails. The general belief is that further conces- sions will be made on both sides, and that " every- thing will end happily." New Bills.—It is the intention of the Colo- nial Secretary (Mr. See) to re- introduce the Fire Brigades Bill into the Legislative Assembly next week. The measure was withdrawn recently owing to an objection being taken that the con- tents were beyond the order of leave. Since then it has been liberalised. Formerly the board which was to be appointed was to be selected by the Government. In the new measure it will be arranged that the Government shall nominate one member, the municipalities elect one, the fire insurance companies one, and the Volunteer Fire Brigades one. A few minor alterations also ap- pear. Notice will be given of the Electoral Bill. The intention is to provide for the issue of new rights in connection with the formation of the new rolls. Every facility will be given for the issue of these rights. In the city the Registrars will attend at their offices until late in the even- ing, and in the remote country districts the rights will be distributed by the police. The Munici- palities Bill will also be proceeded with next week. Return of Sir William Manning.—Sir William and Lady Manning returned yesterday by the P. and O. Company's Himalaya after a six months' trip to Europe. During his stay in the old country Sir William met Lord Jersey and Lord Hopetoun, both of whom were deeply in- terested in the question of the federation of Aus- tralia. At the Gladstone memorial dinner, presided over by Lord Carrington as representa- tive of the National Liberal Club, Sir William Manning found that the same in- terest was taken in the federal cause. Sir William made special inquiries into the working of the County Council Act as applied to city and county control, with a view to ascertaining how far such a system would be applicable to cities in the colonies. The lighting of cities with elec- tricity was also a matter about which Sir William took a great deal of trouble to make note, and after visiting the chief continental centres he was able to compare the different methods and estimate their relative values. He returns with Lady Manning in the best of health. A Friendly Society Dispute.—Yesterday the Full Court delivered no less than five reserved judgments. One of the most important was that of Montgomery and another v. Fox. The plain- tiffs are the trustees of the " Court Old England Ancient Order of Foresters," and the defendant is the secretary of the " Sydney District Ancient Order of Foresters of New South Wales." It appears that the latter had suspended the plaintiff court from the privileges and benefits of the dis- trict ; and while such suspension was in force the head society, without giving notice to the plaintiffs to enable them to attend, held a meet- ing and altered law 19 with regard to contri- butions, and the amended law was afterwards certified by the Registrar of Friendly Societies. The plaintiff court then brought a suit against the society, and a declaration was obtained that the defendants had no power to suspend the plaintiff court for the alleged offence, and that the altera- tion of law 19 was, under the circumstances, ultra vires and invalid. The defendant society then appealed on the ground that the Supreme Court had no jurisdiction to entertain the suit, and that the invalidity in the alteration of law 19 was cured by the issue of the certificate under the hand of the Registrar of Friendly Societies. The appeal was allowed with costs, the Court holding that the certificate of the Registrar was conclusive, and that the irregularity in the pro- ceedings could not now be inquired into. The Court also found that the Supreme Court had no jurisdiction to try the suit. The Jury Sittings and Circuit Business.—The sittings for the trial of causes were brought to a conclusion yesterday, and notwithstanding that the general progress of the work was blocked by several protracted cases, very few matters on the original list had to go over, though a number of fresh causes which were subsequently added were not reached. The Fourth Term will begin on October 22, and the next Jury Sittings on November 19. The following arrangements have been made for the transaction of circuit business, which will open at the dates mentioned. The Chief Justice is to preside at Hay (September 25), Young (October 1), Yass (October 5), and Goulburn (October 8) ; Mr. Justice Stephen, Maitland (September 25), Tamworth (October 4), and Armidale (October 10) ; Mr. Justice Owen, Albury (September 25), Deniliquin (October 1), and Wagga Wagga (October 8) ; Mr. Justice Simpson, Mudgee (September 25), Dubbo (October 2), and Bathurst (October 11) ; Mr. Acting Justice Barton, Broken Hill (October 1), and Grafton (October 16). Mr. Justice Cohen is to take the Criminal Court at Darlinghurst. Crown Prosecutors.—The undermentioned gentlemen have been appointed Crown Prose- cutors in connection with circuit courts :—Messrs. W. D. McIntyre, at Albury, on the 25th instant ; E. J. Bayly Macarthur, at Maitland, on the 25th instant ; J. Carles, at Hay, on the 25th instant ; J. D. Fitzgerald, at Mudgee, on the 25th instant ; S. Mack, at Young, on October 1 ; J. H. Hammond at Broken Hill, on October 1 ; R. C. Broomfield, at Deniliquin, on Octo- ber 1 ; G. H. Pike, at Dubbo, on October 2 ; R. Cowan, at Tamworth, on October 4 ; P. R. Hig- gins, at Wagga Wagga, on October 8 ; T. Rolin, at Goulburn, on October 8 ; A. R. J. Watt, at Armidale, on October 10 ; B. Smith, at Bathurst, on October 11 ; J. Moriarty, at Grafton, on October 16. Admission of a Barrister.—Yesterday the Full Court, on the application of Mr. R. E. O'Con- nor, Q.C., admitted to the Bar of New South Wales Mr. Francis Joseph Lyons, a member of the Queensland Bar. Quarter Sessions.—Courts of General and Quarter Sessions of the Peace will be held during October at :—Lismore on October 1 ; Bingara, 15th ; Moree, 18th ; Narrabri, 22nd ; Hillston, 23rd ; Cooma, 24th ; Gunnedah, 25th ; Mur- rurundi, 27th ; Cowra, 30th ; Bombala, 30th ; Narrandera, 31st. Art Society's Exhibition.—This afternoon will be the last opportunity the public will have of en- joying a leisurely and uncrowded inspection of the Art Society's Exhibition, as in the evening there will be a musical and dramatic entertainment to which the members and their friends only have admission. To- morrow the galleries will be open free to the public. As regards the now past season, Mr. A. J. Daplyn (secretary) describes it as the most successful the Art Society has yet recorded. The collection itself has been praised on all sides, the attendances have been unusually large, and the sale of pictures has continued to the last. In this way the following list of works purchased has to be added to the two already pub- lished :—Lucy Peapes', " Sweet Peas " (No. 18) ; Gertrude Williams' " Near Manly " (No. 14) ; Edith E. Cusack's " Carnations " (No. 73) ; Ada E. Cooper's " Cook's River " (No. 79) ; Alison Vivian's " Perchance to Dream " (No. 85) ; A. C. Hayley's " Brown River, Tasmania," (No. 87) ; W. Lister Lister's " A Bush Road " (No. 95) ; Alison Vivian's " Study of an Italian " (No. 116) ; " Australian Summer " (No. 167), by Albert J. Hanson ; " The Old Nelson, Kerosene Bay " (No. 201), by W. Lister Lister ; Robert M. Ronald's " By Garra's Stream " (204) ; " On Breezy Mooreland (No. 254), by Chas. E. S. Tindall ; " South Head, Sydney Harbour " (No. 261), by Charles Hunt. The Tram Fatality.—The City Coroner yes- terday held an inquest at the City Coroner's Court respecting the death of Elizabeth Ada Rolfe, a married woman, who died from the effects of a tram accident. The evidence showed that de- ceased, who resided in Margaret-street, was a pas- senger in a steam tram on Wednesday night last, and when between King and Hunter streets she jumped out and fell on the road, striking the back of her head. The tram was immediately stopped and deceased was taken to the Sydney Hospital. She was suffering from a fractured skull and in- jury to the brain, and died an hour after being admitted. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. Found Drowned.—The body of a man was found on the Drummoyne beach at noon yester- day, and was removed to the North Morgue. Later in the day a woman called at the morgue and identified it as that of her husband, Andrew Nelson, late of Hart-street, Chippendale. An in- quest will be held this morning. The Late Boating Fatality.—The body of Robert Morris, aged 21, was found floating in the har- bour off Middle Head yesterday afternoon by the Water Police. It will be remembered that Mor- ris, who resided at Amy-street, Erskineville, was in charge of the boat Ruby, which capsized in the harbour on Sunday, the 2nd instant. A proclamation appears in the " Government Gazette " declaring the business of rag-picker, rag-dealer, and flock-maker ; noxious trades within the meaning of the Noxious Trades Act. The Tramway authorities notify that a frequent service of trams will be run between Bent-street, the Railway Subway, and the Racecourse to-day, in connection with the Randwick Races. The first-class tram will not run. The City Council elsewhere calls attention to a penalty which will be imposed in cases where persons are found sweeping the footpath after the hour of 8 a.m. Attention is drawn to an advertisement in another column announcing that a meeting will be held in the Town Hall on Monday night to " protest against the attacks on Protestantism " made in connection with the late Roman Catholic Congress. The meet- ing is held under the auspices of the Evangelical Council, the president of which, the Rev. W. M. Dill Macky, will take the chair. Leading clergymen and laymen will speak. An overflow meeting has been arranged to be held in the Pitt-street Congre- gational Church, over which the Rev. F. B. Boyce will preside. Mr. W. E. Sparke, of Elizabeth Bay, has sent a donation of £500 towards the building fund of the Hospital for Sick Children. The Western Suburbs Band will play on Petersham Park (weather permitting) on Sunday afternoon, under Bandmaster Thompson. Mr. Hugh Dixson, of Abergeldie, Petersham, has given £750 towards the bed- endowment fund of the Carrington Hospital for Convalescents. The name of Mr. R. Hansard was omitted in the report which was published yesterday of those pre- sent at the trial trip of the steamer Bald Rock, the new Watson's Bay ferry boat. Notifications appear in the " Government Gazette " to the effect that the proclamations re- quiring vessels from New Caledonia or the New Hebrides and the Loyalty Islands to be detained in quarantine until they have received pratique from the Health officer have been rescinded. A notice is published in the " Government Gazette " to the effect that telegrams may be trans- mitted from this colony to Beira Railway Com- pany's stations (Africa), by direct route, at the re- vised rate of 7s 8d per word. It is announced in our advertising columns that a great concert in aid of the funds of the Hospital for Sick Children will be held at the Town Hall on October 10. The annual meeting in connection with the Syd- ney Ragged Schools will be held at the Y.M.C.A. Hall on Monday afternoon. The weekly meeting of the Sydney Debating Club was held on Thursday evening in the Queen's Hall, Pitt-street. Mr. M. J. Wilson (president) was in the chair. The motion " that Adult Suffrage should be adopted in municipal elections " was spoken to by Mrs. Steel, Messrs. Huie, R. Wilson, Chisholm, Vider, Scott, Darcy, Bartlett, Steele, Roseby, and M. J. Wilson. The motion was carried by a large majority. A garden fete in aid of the Church Rescue Home will be held at Quambi, Woollahra, on the afternoon of the 26th instant. The anniversary services in connection with the Pitt-street Congregational Sunday-school will be held on Sunday. The preachers will be the Revs. John Ferguson, R. A. Thompson, B.A., and E. T. Dunstan. In the afternoon there will be a child- ren's flower service. At the Wesley Church, Regent-street, the Revs. W. W. Rutledge and F. Colwell will be the preachers on Sunday. Reference will be made at each service to the recent Roman Catholic Congress, the evening subject being " Fact versus Fiction," a reply to Archbishop Redwood. In the I.O.O.F. Temple, Elizabeth-street, the Rev. George Walters is announced to preach on Sunday morning on " Under which Lord—Roman- ism, Protestantism, or Rationalism ? " The evening lecture will be on Marie Corelli's latest novel, entitled " Boy." " Justice of the Peace " writes with respect to the control of street traffic, urging that the supervision of officers directing it should in each district devolve upon the divisional inspector, and that instead of the protection of life and property being entrusted to recruits officers of experience should continue to be charged with that responsibility while the force was strengthened by the employment of recruits, who should be detailed for duty in connection with the traffic. The following is the report of the Benevolent Asylum for the week ending September 19 :—Pro- visions distributed, 3102 loaves bread, 1391lb. flour, 2226lb. meat, 882lb. sugar, 212½lb. tea, 92½lb. sago, 190½lb. rice, 1½lb. arrowroot, 200lb. oatmeal. There were 16 fresh applications for renewals and one for continuance of relief. The cases inspected by the in- spector numbered 70 ; in five cases the relief was dis- continued. In 29 cases the recipients ceased to come, and were taken off the books for various reasons. Total number of cases relieved, 813, representing 2529 adults and children. 