IMMIGRATION TO QUEENSLAND. SOME INSTRUCTIVE DETAILS. When last year Parliament decided to resume the scheme of free Immigration for farm workers and domestic servants on partial and tentative lines there were not wanting pessimists to raise their hands in deprecation, and protest against what seemed to them the enormity of such a policy. These people contended, and even still contend in the teeth of facts to the contrary, that Queensland wanted no out- side increase of population, because such additions to her labour market would cause a glut of supply, and a consequent lower- ing of wages all round. But what are the actual facts ? These may be easily gauged by a perusal of the following particulars recently gleaned from the authorities in charge of the Immigration Depot at Kangaroo Point. In August of last year 423 immigrants arrived in Queensland. Of these Thursday Island took 10, Townsville 153, Rockhamp- ton 93, and Brisbane 167. Last February 444 were landed in the colony, as follows :— Thursday Island 8, Townsville 123, Rock- hampton 62, Brisbane 251. In May the arrivals were 469, and the numbers disem- barked at coastal centres were: —Thursday Island 6, Cooktown 4, Cairns 22, Townsville 115, Bowen 2, Mackay 13, Rockhampton 65, Maryborough 31, Brisbane 204. But these figures have reference only to the arrivals by full ship, the carrying vessels being the Duke of Portland (two trips) and the Jumna in May. In addition to these there have been fortnightly batches of from 30 to 40 by the Ducal line of steamers, and monthly shipments by Orient vessels via Sydney of 30 to 50, the latter being chiefly Scandina- vians and Finns. Now, let us take the returns of demand and distribution, as gathered at the Immi- gration Office. Without taking nominated and full-paying immigrants into account, the total number of free immigrants placed out of the Kangaroo Point Depot for 1899 wss 279\. These were chiefly farm hands and domestic servants, with a small proportion of miners. The figures for the current year are comparatively much larger. In January of this year 101 farm labourers and dairymen and 21 miners were sent out by the department ; in February 196 farm labourers and 2 miners ; in March 113 farm labourers and 13 miners ; in April 21 farm hands and 26 miners and miscellaneous; and in May 110 farm labourers and 10 miscellaneous. The entire number placed out of the Immigration Depot alone for the five months of the current year up to 30th May was 673. It will be seen that up to the present no difficulty has been found in placing male agricultural or mining immigrants—in so far, that is, as British or Scandinavian (Danish, Norwegian, and Swedish) people are concerned. But some qualification must be made in relation to Finns, 175 of whom have been landed in Queensland within the last nine months. The drawback in the case of the Finnish immigrant seems to be his slowness in picking up English, and his inability to readily adapt himself to colonial conditions of living. People who have engaged Finns and taken the trouble to utilise them speak highly of their superior knowledge of farming work, their industry, and soundness of character, and are slow to part with them. Physically they are both male and female, fine types of humanity. But it is alleged that they are frequently found to be obstinate in temper, suspicious, and not easy to deal with in the matter of rations. In short, employers had become so shy of giving them a trial that the Govern- ment, as we learn, some time back decided to cease bringing out Finnish labour, at least for the present. With regard to the Scandinavians, who have also arrived in considerable numbers, it is altogether different. Many of these either have a smattering of English or find less difficulty in acquiring some knowledge of our language, and in other ways are much more facile in falling in with the circum- stances of life and work in Queensland. Many of them, moreover, are expert dairy farmers, and bring with them excellent certificates from agricultural colleges in their native land. As a natural consequence, they become quickly absorbed in our rural work- ing population. As to the introduction of female domestic servants, there is but one thing to say, and that is—so far the supply is utterly inade- quate to the demand. Nor is there any sign that these relations will be adjusted in the early future. If the introduction of the class of labour had been fourfold in number, it could have been placed without any de- lay whatever. The wages of domestic ser- vants range from 9s. to 12s. 6d. in Southern Queensland, but if they disembark at Towns- ville, Mackay, or Rockhampton, they can command considerably enhanced terms. In the Northern centres a cook can earn 21s, a week and found, and a superior house maid finds ready employment at £1 a week at Hughenden, Winton, Georgetown, Croy- den, &c.; But, of course, as they are mostly aware that living there is not quite so en- joyable as in the South, the bulk of this class finds its way to Brisbane. In spite of the croaking of pessimists, it has transpired that the wages for male labour, instead of being forced down by immigration, have been steadily hardening In favour of the employees. During the last and previous years, 10s. to 12s. per week and found was looked upon as the current wage for farm hands. Now, 13s. to 15s., or, say, 14s., as an average, is the accepted thing. As to miscellaneous day labour in town and suburbs, that can always readily be placed at current rates—5s. 6d. to 7s. per day. Youths from 14 to 18 are practically unobtainable at free offer of 10s. a week and found. Whether the con- sequences of the deplorable drought in the pastoral districts may, as some think likely, exercise a serious reaction upon the labour market, from the workers point of interest, remains to be proved during the current winter ; but the Chief Secretary's Department, which has charge of the ad- ministration of immigration, may be trusted to keep a sharp eye upon the relations between internal supply and demand, and so to control the periodical volume of free immigrants, or if need be, to suspend it for a season. A word remains to be said about " assist- ed" and " nominated" passage immigrants. Where proof of special suitability is forth coming, the Agent-General has discretion- ary power of extending assistance in the matter of fares to individuals or families, possessing a little capital being, of course, preferred. With regard to the "[?]o[?]ted" passage system, it ia gratify- ing to learn that this form of immigration, which is altogether wholesome and desir- able, is steadily on the increase. The guarantee given by the nominator protects the Government against the expense of keep- ing these immigrattts on arrival, and the class of people so introduced is always of a superior character. The earth has a shadow, but few ever see it, except in eclipses of the moon. Never- theless, many of us have noticed on fine, cloudless evenings in summer, shortly before sunset, a rosy or pink arc on the horizon op posite the sun, with a bluish-gray segment under it. As the sun sinks, the arc rises until it attains the zenith, and even passes it. This is the shadow of the earth, 