THE DOMESTIC SERVANT WORRY. The mistresses are too exacting and nconsiderate, and factory service is asier than housework." "The ser- \ants we have are too indolent and arogant, and there are not enough girls vailable for the positions which are ffering." These declarations represent from opposite points of view the pith f the correspondence now proceeding n "The Register" upon what has been ptly termed "The Domestic Servant orry;" and,.as is usual in such cases, each has some truth iu it. Certain mistresses cannot be induced to believe that the servant- girl is of the like construction with themselves and quite as iable to be weary and worn, and to earn for cheerful companionship to lift her occasionally out of the humrum ruts of life, with its depressing monotony. Such employers as these regard their servants ;ik mere mahines wound up to move incessantly from 15 to 18 hours every day, -with his difference—that a machine would ot need bedroom accommodation, •whilst at least some apology for that ort of thing has to be provided for the irl t who accordingly is thrust at night nto the most cheerless and uncomfortble corner of the house, or expected to be content with a sofa in an overheated or draughty kitchen. These ladies are responsible for the satirical rhyme— While still Britannia rules the waves Britons never shall be slaves. When women patriots sing, the stave is That Britonesses won't be slaveys. It is as obvious that no self-respecting young woman can endure such treat- ment as it is, on the other hand, that no sensible mistress can tolerate girls -tvho want to take the wages appertaining to the position of domestic servant on the distinct understanding that the work is to be put out and that thfey are not to be worried with mere common labour, such as the peeling of vulgar potatoes, when tliey are not giving toiie to their mistress's piano by strumming upon it, or glorifying her drawing-room by entertaining callers therein. " Beyond honest controversy are established the facts that there are mistresses who are slavedrivers and servants who are petty tyrants, taking full advantage of their position, and making life a burden in many a household. Equally true is the saying that bad mistresses make bad servants, and vice versa. But what about other sides of the question? In the metropolitan area are about 4,000 more females than males, and yet many good, liberal, considerate mistresses cannot secure domestic servants for love or money; and some have been driven to take up their residence in hotels on this account. High wages, comfortable apartments, plentiful holidays—all are offered in vain; and at the same time there is a glut of young women wanting positions in factories and offices, or 110 positions at all, but leisured ease at home while the mother does the work. These last however, are comparatively exceptional cases. When there is plenty of work to be done, with numerous workers refusing to do it, something must be wrong in social conditions. Some people in desperation have suggested that a shipload of domestic servants should be brought as free immigrants to the colony; but whence could they be obtained 'i Not, apparently, in the old country. Even iu Scotland—the home of thrift and matter-of-fact work—South Australian circumstances in this respect are reproduced; and many columns of recent numbers of such papers as the "Scotsman" have been filled with letters similar* to those which "The Register" has lately published. Through all these have run the same grievous plaint of the distracted mistress, and the protest of the revolting servant, who declares that she would rather work at half-wages in a factory than on any terms in a private house. This preference suggests a gloomy prospect not only for mistresses, but also for the husbands whom factory girls innocent of domestic accomplishments may induce to become allied to them. The only coherent reason given for their choice of alternatives is that the hours in domestic service are too many, and that the life is needlessly laborious and not free enough. To overcome this trouble one lady has made trial of an experiment. which she thus explains in a Scottish newspaper:— I have a suggestion to make in this difficulty. Try daily servants. I keep I wo servants, and one of these is a daily servant. 1 know several ladies who fiiid tlie daily servant quite a success. Leaving vrlien tlie work is done, tbe^irl has the same freedom as those girls in shops, mills, &c.;, and is therefore much easier to find than the usual stay-in tlie-house servant. As to the scarcity of cooks, 1 suggest that ladies try married cooks, who will come daily for some hours, doing the cooking only, and leave after the late dinner. Many cx-cooks would be glad to do tliio. The conditions of that lady's household may not be similar to those to which the average housewife is subject in South Australia: but mistresses may well consider whether it is absolutely necessary for their domestic assistants to work so many hours as they do, and to be so secluded as they are in the most impressionable time of their lives. On the part of the girl who scorns household tasks some prolit should be derived from the reflection that in the long run work iu the house is far more conducive to her future welfare than employment in the factory; and that liberty to gad about the streets at night is not wholly a gain to a young woman. Amid many doubtful propositions one conclusion is irresistible. If the housewife can no longer depend upon enjoying the advantage of paid assistance, she and her daughters can at least help themselves more than is usually done in many cases. Great indeed has been the change in domesticideals' iu South Australia since the days of the brave and sturdy old pioneers: and some modification was inevitable as a concomitant of the development of civilization. The question, however, is whether there is not too great a contrast between tlie times when the house-mother and her girls performed all the domestic work as a pleasant, duty and those iu which it is done in some households as a grudging task, or not done at all. This latter remark. of course, applies to extreme cases; but in relation to the average, do not too many mothers—even mothers ennobled by lives of busy industry—put wrong notions into their daughters' heads V Do they not encourage the girls to think that, like the lilies, "young ladies" should toil not, neither should they spin—that the tinkle-tinkle of the piano bespeaks the noble aristocratic soul, while the ruba-dub-dub of the washing-board, the snip-snip of the scissors, and the dragdrag of the needle and tlie thread betoken a common and plebeian spirit? Such ideas are preposterous, and the girl who has carried them into practice ought not to be considered qualified for marriage, even in a wealthy home, in a young country where riches sometimes take unto themselves wings and fly away, and where a family circle which is affluent to-day may be poverty-strickou to-morrow. How helpless, though among servants, is the wife to whom the kitchen-range, the wasbtub, and the dressmaking table are ruore abstract unrealities like the protoplasmic gospel or the atmosphere of Mars! In accordance with an old German custom no girl, whatever her social status, was allowed to' wed until she had made her own trousseau and put it through the laundry, and cooked the wherewithal to furnish forth tho marriage-feast.. In a. similar school was brought up that pattern to womanhood. the Princess of Wales, whose Danish mother was more sensible than many whom one meets to- day—women who labour under tlie delusion that the best recommendation which their' daughters can offer to eligible young men contemplating marriage is that their hands have never been "soiled liy domestic labour!" The royal lady of Denmark taught her girls that a woman could 1511 even tlie most exalted station no whit the less capably, but the reverse, if she knew how long an egg required in the boiling, and how many yards of dress-stuff were needed for a frock. If the consort of the Prince of Wales were by some strange mutation of fortune to be compelled to live in a cottage, the knowledge which ; she acquired as a young woman would render her independent of hired helps. She could make her own dresses, cook her own meals, and choose a joint with the best of butchers; yet she is admittedly perhaps the most gracious and relined lady iu Europe., "is not a lesson here suggested to* somebody or other? 