OUR AMERICAN LETTER. New York, May 12, 1900. PA.RTT NOMINATIONS. It is hard to sav whether the average American loves politics or money-making better; but most Americans, no matter which of the two paths they tread, nearly always look with wietful eyes at the honors and pleasures which fall to the traveller on that other path which they have not taken. Ut course, it is possioie, even ior an honest man, to excel in both direc tions, but only under exceptionally fortu nate circumstances, for the exactions of American competition, as a rule, demand undivided devotion to a single pursuit, and a politician must give all his days and nig'hts to 'building bimeelf up' in his dis trict; hard work in the service of con stituents, and not brilliant oratory being, in nine cases out of ten, the price of pre ferment. But in a presidential year, near ly all men, just for a few months, give themselves up more or less to the de lights of statesmanship, and make or lis ten to epeecb.es, and get footsore by march ing in torchlight parades over the cobble stones, and amuse others as well as them selves by absurd bets on the result. That happy period has again arrived, and we are beginning to have a little wholesome excitement. The Republican Convention at Philadelphia is only four weeks away, and the clubs, both Republican and Demo cratic, are getting ready their caps and uniforms and naptha lamps, while in thou sands of American homes fair fingers are making silken flogs and1 banners, to be borne into the nomination halls as the standards of fortunate 'favorite sons.' Upon all such flags the first place is given either to McKinley or Bryan, but for the vice-presidency there is still great free dom of opinion. But even if, as in all favorite eon is defeated for the nomina tion, his name goes on the list as entitled, in the event of victory; to have 'a voice as strong as any man's m the bestowing of new dignities,' and the work of the fair fingers is not wasted. THE BOEHS AND AMERICAN POLITICS. The men least to be envied just now are those scholarly, learned, and quick-witted gentlemen who have been asked to draft resolutions for the two conventions. No minally, each convention appoints a com mittee on resolutions for itself, but that committee is always identical with the men selected for the work weeks or months before by the national committees. But, of course, a choice of resolutions is al ways provided, and nearly every phrase has alternative readings. The wonder is, under these circumstances, that the resul tant platforms should be usually such je june, flat, paste-jewel performances. They shine, it is true, but. with the luetre of a polished stove. Those who have done such work. say that 'the reason is that while it is possible to -write things that shall please all and offend none it is very haid1 to do that and at the same time to say something really striking. The safe middle line, except in the hands of a genius of the highest rank, is almost ne cessarily tedious. Imagine the plight, for example, of these men who are now struggling to vsrite a resolution about the Boer war that shall, at the same time, satisfy those who- think the Boers are in the right, and those who think the Boers are in the -wrong. Mark Twain has solved the problem by saying that he is willing bo agree with both sides, and, perhaps, that is the way euch a resolution may at fir.=t read — a commendation of Great Britait( for her services to civilisation- and a recogni tion of Boer heroism, coupled by a senti ment of regret, no doubt really profound and heartfelt^-that two sets of noble men should come to the point of killing mcIi other. But the Boer envoys will reach here next 'Tuesday, and they will, no doubt, gently but firmly be rebuffed at the Whiie House, play almost the last Boer card in an appeal, as sister Republics, to the groat Republic to save them from being swept away. At .present ill} Conservative influ ences are at work to keep this matter out of American. politics, for it would divide the country in a -way 'that may justly be dreaded; but' it is too early to predict the future. The Boers have the advantage of having secured) the best skilled political talent on . tlieir side.' Only last night, Edward LaaiJerbacli, fdr'mpvly chairman' of the Republican Committee of New ¥o'rk Citj'-, and now* a delegate ~tio the'' Presiden- tial Convention, predicted' that the Repub licans will be defeated if they refuse syin pathyand support; he, as a new recruit thus taldng a place beside Webster Davis the eminent Republican, and Bourke Cock ran, bhe eminent Democrat. If he carries out hu threat to introduce a resolution at Philadelphia forcing the party to declare itself the neace of the organ isaticm will be sorely menaced, nor will tne mere voting down of it greatly help matters. For the Democratic Convention meet- three weeks later, and if, in the interim, the Republi can decision eeems not to be publiclv ap proved it will, of course, ta-ke the other tack, and thus the country will be embroil ed in a quarrel not its own, and as to whose merits the average American voter is cer« tainly incompetent to judge. But this, ike most things, we fear at a distance, may never come to pass. FRAMING PROGRAMMES. In regard to other matters there is not much danger of maJdng a fatally seriou* blunder. Both parties a-rree that some men are richer than they ought to be, and should be stopped from .eettine richer. Therefore, a way must be found1 to bring the 'trusts' witTiin the prapp of the law, and to take taxation from the back of the rent-payer and the farmer and put it upon the simple and compound millionaires. Then all are agreed that the State legisla tures should assert and protect the rights of labor, and that there should be the severest economy in all branches of admin istration. But neither convention will de scend to details, and the laws that tihe two parties would brin-sr forth from the same principles might be curiously different. Tiie voter can depidp. Trlraf, tn (in simnlv by memory of what parties have done in the past and not by what they promise about the future. After all, Governor Hill, who, a few years ago, when challenged to define liis position, said that he had but one answer to give — 'I am a Democrat' — rriay not have been wholly foolish, although ever since the cartoonists have labelled him with that phrase instead of with his name. In n rough way the tendencies o£ the two parties are so well k/iown that when, as 111 jjresenx, xaere oai^jjens i-o us iiuuiiuiy stirring of supreme importance, the voter nevertheless need not waste his ballot. A' Democratic administration means a change of gome kind — for better or worse — while a. Republican meajie keeping things as fchey are, unless some irresistible force from be hind pushes it forivwrd. MONEY AND TRADE. Partly because of the drain of funds ttt England, where money rules at 4 per cent., while in N«w York it is rarely worth moTe than 2, and partly because of the uncer tainties of the Presidential campaign, speculation lias taken a halt, and prices of all commodites have begun to fall. New York bankers, as some people think, if they were patriotic, would not send thoir money abroad, but it is, of course, really to the best interest of the country that America VJ1UU1U TLTCCUiUt a gicai uniiiui nawun- ^*j-t . Tappen, who two years ago at some ex pense and miTeh trouble proved that Lon don was a debtor to New York for $45,000,000— liquidated later to some extent by a transfer of American securities — puts the present European indebtedness at a yet higher figure, and probably with truth. Even to a country so rich as Encdami the waste of the war and of the Indian famine are apnreciable factors, and the hole in the normal net income must be filled up from somewhere. In America the iron supply seema to have at last caucht up with de mand, for prices are beginning to fall, and this will, of course, stimulate exnorts. Bui even in such articles as nails arvd iron beds the recent rise in values was 100 per cent., and as all the retail dealers were afraid to keep in hand more than enough to meet Sressing needs the fall will be checked by he re-stockinar of the smaller distributing centres to a convenient level. As the prices of so-called raw material fall many manufacturers of higher grades of goods find themselves able to command a wider market, and the 7in?ssure of American com petition abroad will in all lines therefore certainly be more severe. For years to come American r»rk?es will be higher tbnn they need be, because in many articles there is the enormous margin of cent, per cent, tc be whittled away, and unless for eigners have been making fortunes es ranidly as the great American producers — which is hardly conceivable^ — they will have to /perish, each in his turn, as fche wave of cheapening supply engulfs them. And in many other things than iron the same thing is enually true. THE TURKISH INDEMNITY. Commercial aspiration, no doubt, has had a very potent influence recently in . Keeping uje eiaiwart American wiuum bounds, but there are signs that it would take but little to bring about an explosion. The average European apparently gets his notions of American power and resources fro-m the edition before the last of the 'Encyclopaedia Britannica.'' Everyone seems to be laughing at tlie controversy between the United States and Turkey about 90,000 dollars indemnity due to the missionaries, as though it were a scene from opera bouffe. Turkey makes the same dilatory pleas as in larger matters, but will they be equally successful? The American Min- . ister has come home, and, in the event of a rupture, sufficient arrangements 'have been made to protect fche rights of resident American citizens. The way is clear there fore for effective measures, and the Balti more, homeward bound from Manila, would alone be equal to the task of sinking the . navy of the Sublime Porte. It seems absurd for two Wbrld-'Powers to go to extremities over a sum which, at least once a mon'th, lies on some table in the Waldorf-Astoria hotel as stakes in a game of poker, but redress can be had cheaply, for there are several Turkisiii islands which could be seized and held for ransom. An exploit of this sort, contested and successfully accomplished, would help die administration in the election, and some newspapers are vigorously urging thifc it should be attempted. There is the pos sibility, however, that it might end either in a controversy with some European, champion or champions of the Sultan, which would be embarrassing, or in a ridicu lous fiasco. Turkey is said to have offered to throw in the 90/100 dollars in an order for a cruiser in an American shipyard, and this, which from a Christian Power would . have hean an insult, has been merely brushed aside wit'h contempt. Sub rosa, it in reported ihat action is delayed by an ap prehension that possibly Russia would like nothing 'better than to see a Western, stranger touch the funeral-pile of the Turk ish Empire with the fatal sjiark. All these things, of course, seem like -suggestions rrom an impossible world,. but they iiave really a basis of reality. A generation hence, perhaps, the plans drawn in 1873 by Phil Sheridan for a cavalry invasion of Spain by 20,000 men and horses may ba published, and then Europeans will learn now mu-rh fun and excitement they missed by the i'act t'Jiiit (.he hero of te'henandoaH' did not get Uie chance he hoped for of making a great cavalry faid through a European Kingdom. Even now there seems to be no reason why he 'should not have succeeded; and, at the -worst, he would probably simply -have been beaten back bo Ins ships. ? FOKEIGN POLICY. The House has passed the Nicaragua Bill Jby 225 to 35, but .tine Senate may -hold Jt ever to next session. The Democrats are -extremely Tin-willing that 'their rivals . should have tfhe glory of passing such a measure, and though in the House they ,were forced by public opinion to vote for . St, in the Senate they may manage 'by dila tory tactics to hold it bae.t. Of course the Bill rune diroctly counter co the Olayton CBulwer treaty, and even ignores the Hay (Pauncefote amended treaty, and is in every ,way ?truculently American. But -that makes *he vote all the more significant. 'Secre- ? tary of War Boot a week ago declared that .we may soon have to figi'it lor the Monroe doctrine, an utterance which from a Cab * inet Ministry in any other country than this would 'have awakened many echoes, and yesterday Senator Caibot Lodge, of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, said prac tically the same thing. Such hints can ]-oint only to Germany, although the truth may as well be told that some pro- Boera assert that the price of Oerman support to England in the Boer war is that England shall' support Germany in any dispute she may have with America, either about South America or the Danish West Indies. Such a combination would hardly now, probably, be popular in England, but after -bhe Boer war is over Canada niay, perhaps, insist that her claims to Alaska shall be asserted, and that might introduce many new considerations. Senator 'Lodge expli citly says, no doubt speaMng with autho rity, that any attempt fay Germany to get a footing in .the West Indies, whether by ilease or cession from Denmark, will be accepted as a casus belli, and, unless pro mised support by Lord Salisbury, she 'will Jiardly persist in her present offers liter St. (Thomas. Lord 'Salisbury, 'however, tore up the original Venezuela agreement nego tiated by Lord Granville in 18S5, and that is Still 'remembered against him by at least two men still serving in the Senate. And, unluckily, the current opinion is that Mr. McKinley has been outwitted in giving up American rights in Samoa for a treaty that the American Senate will not ratify,' and all negotiations between England and Ame rica are now looked upon with suspicion, and whether the suspicion is just or unjust makes no matter politically. All these ? things, in a Presidential year, necessarily m'ake the situation more complex. THE COMING CENSUS. Next month 50,000 enumerators under the lead of 300 supervisors will take the twelfth census of the United States. This is a very important matter, for upon the data thus obtained the representation in Congress of the several States must 'be re apportioned for the coming decade. Such a counting of the people is never entirely accurate, for the enumerators do not count transient residents, and thus men withoul; fixed homes, of whom, 'tramps' and ' others, there are many figure in none of the county lists. It lias 'been charged also jn times past that the states and localities where the party in opposition are most nu merous are not counted with the sanm thoroughness and zeal as those where the 'Administration is supported. New York; City, in 1890, protested loudly against un fairness of this sortj and 'took a second census of 'her own, which showed 200,000 more people .than she had been credited with officially. Of course this year we aro promised that such . scandals shall be con epicuous by their absence. After the enu merators turn in their cards, upon which ere stated the race, age, sex, conjugal con dition, birthplace, occupation, &c;, .the actual counting is done by machines ope rated by electricity, of which a thousand will be constantly in operation. The cards, which are so thin that it takes 1,000 of them to make an inch, are punched by the machines with holes, each hole reenrdino- a particular variety of fact, and are then fed snto other machines, which sort fint the cards in'to their proper classes. Piled one on top of the o'ther the cards would be nine miles high and will weigh 200 tons. A blunder in punching stops the machine at once, so mistakes are impossible. Thanks to these appliances the primary facts will he- known in about four months, but it will take at least two years more to tabulate ell the several kinds of returns and. put the eight proposed volumes through the press. The 1890 census was only completed three years ago, but Congress has provided quite sternly a-sjainst a repetition of such dila tory methods. Everyone is. at sea as to ?how many neorile frhere are now in the country; estimates run all the way from 74 to 83 Trillions. During the past six years immigration has been much Jess than dur ? ing the three previous decades, and this upsets mere percentage calculations. But a few millions one way or the other is not very important, for the birth statistics show that at present there are about two ?million more births than deaths annually, and the new century will soon see more than a hundred millions of Americans. The Filipinos, Hawaiians, and Portori-' quenos will, of course, be kept apart in a volume 'by themselves. EBPRESEKTATJON IK 0GSGHE8S. ' When the reappointment is made Con gress will have to decide whether the Con gressional districts shall have more inhabi tants, or whether there shall be more dis tricts to represent the added population. Each Congressman will vote upon this question as his personal interests dictate, the men with sure districts naturally op posing any change of any kind in existing boundaries. The sentiment of the coun itry, however, is very decided against in creasing the number of members. There are already 356 representatives, and the teontftitiition provides that each new state, of .which there will certainly in time be a (score or more, must have at least one re presentative in tlie House. Even at pre sent, according to American experiences, the House is at least a third too numerous for the speedy and orderly dispatch of busi ness, and is only saved to usefulness by (the plenary powers of the committee on fules to cut off debate and ffton filibuster ing. All debates now are limited to a fixed time, each side getting an equal share land deciding lor itself whom the Speaker fehall recognise; and if, as sometimes hap jpenjs, the majority choose to keep sjlence, ' just so much more work, of course, can be done in the session. Against a further increase, of the House there is also the phy sical objection that -there 'is no room on Ithe floor for more desks. This could be ?? Sovereome toy adopting the English custom lof benches without desks, but an Ameri ean representative is held to strict account by 'his constituents, and must eaeh day (write many confidential 'letters with his fcwn hand, and 'he can find no time to do IfcliiR unless, like Cffisar, he listens and fecribbles at Hie same time. 