HARVEY AGRICULTURAL ALLIANCE. ENGLISH FABMHTO : PAST PRESENT. The following is a continuation of j the paper read by Mr T_ Haywood, j J p in tbe Agricultural Hall, Har vey oo Saturday/. 10th iust., the first j part of which appeared in our last, issue^ implements and Machinery.--The great diminution -of the supply o labour and increased wages, are Forc inc Upon English fatmere, as else where, the more extensive use of labour saving machinery. ^oubjJ furrow ploughs are not so well adapted for use on heavy tenacious soils as on mixed and light land, and I «*w several that ha-i been thrown aside after a fair trial. . , . , ... , Jora of every description is drilled as well as roots, and afterwards horje hoed as much as possible Clover and other seeds are generally drilled after the barley is well up. Binders are used when practicable, but for various reasons, which I. need not enumerate, they do riot answer as well as in the colonies. Mowers are almost invariably use J for grasses, clover, etc., also for barley, as itis difficult to dry . in showery .weather when tied, also is more liable to become discoloured. Another good machine, the elevator, in general use on the larger farms. These am as easily moved as a cart, are easily worked bv a light horse, and will plane corn or 'hay on a stack to any required height, as &Bt; as any four men can throw it from the carts or wagons-they cost about £40 or £45. The large, old barns, some of which were built in the last century, are now seldom filled with corn. Ini a>v young days they were frequently filled with barley tip to the very doors, two faorseB being liept constantly treading it down. When threshing with the flail commenced, and no machines were used for barley on account of the machines in those days damaging the sprouting end of the grain, a man with b hay knife cut a hole inside the door just large enough to swing his flail and thus burrowed his way in until the floor was clean. Now all the corn ie threshed outside, either in the field or the stockyard. .Traction engines travel round with the threshing machine and straw elevator. The corn is delivered clean into bags, and tbe straw slacked ; the total cost averages about 2|d por bushel. H required they will also bring a chaff cutter and cut the straw as fast as it leaves the thresher. There are two very serious problems, the eolation oE which is beset with many difficulties, viz., the future supply of agricultural labour, and the housing of the woife ing classes in the large cities. The pick of the rising generation in the country-districts mostly gravitate to the cities. Those who wish to better their condition see little chance of doing so as agricultural labourers and country life is ^dull and mono tonous compared with ^faat in the cities. In passing through some vil lages I noticed numbers of cottages aninhabitated. showing a steady de crease in population. Wages in 'Yorkshire run from 14a to 20a per week, in east counties 12s to 14s. harvest extra, about sufficient to pay their house rent. The necessaries of life are very cheap-flour Id per lb, sugar lower than in this colony, beef and mutton, home grown about 8d, pork 5d to 6d per lb. Frozen meat which is largely consumed is much cheaper. .During the last 50 years in the country districts, few alterations have taken place, but in the cities the additions to population and buildings are simply marvellous. I saw a return of the population of Leeds, showing tbe present increase to be 10.000 per annum, other cities doubtless could show a similar increase. Two large blocks of land were sold in Leeds last November, one at £75 per square vard, the otter at £100 per square yard. Within the last 10 years or bo another very heavy burden has been imposed on fanners as well as town residents in the shape of school board rates, which vary from Is to la 6d in the £>, In almost every village as well as town ornamental and sub stantial buildings have been erected, and every child has the opportunity of receiving better education than wan obtainable during the last quarter of a century. . I was shown over a Board bc-hool in Leeds where 950 children "were in at tendance, boys and girls together. ^ A part of each day is devoted to teaching boys carpenter's and other work. Each boy has his own box of tools, and a tradesman to instruct him. The girls are taught how to wash, scrub floors, cook a dinner, and housework generally; this is compulsory on nil attending the school. I fopnd the general opinion was that education at public expense was being carried rather beyond the proper limits at the present time. This does hot refer to what I have previourly mentioned, but to music, etc. "With respect to the pre sent system of English farming it ap peared to me that the large, farmers, having the necessary capital, produce more stock and heavier crops than in the past The manure made under COTer-principally by fattening stock Is much richer, and in addition to this artificial manure ia largely used, es pecially for root crops. More atten tion is paid to what are termed *« catch crops," mustard, rape, trefohum, etc., principally for fpldihjg off with sheep; large quantities of linseed, rape, ? cot ton seed and maize are consumed, frequently stock fattened do not show any direct profit, but the value of the manure gives a small indirect profit, an fact heavy crops could not be pro duced without it. On obe farm- of about 300 acres which I visited, £275 worth of oil cake~was' purchased in my presence. j The crops on'thiB farm last year ( consisted of 213 acres of corn, -97£ fl73 bwty, 42} bme, oats. Total yield 2,445 sacks, 9,870 bushels, average yield 44J bushels, one field of white wheat 48 bushels per acre. I find there is one branch of Eng lish farming I have omitted-dairy ing-. In consequence I believe of the difficulty of obtaining domestic ser vants, there appears to be lesB batter made than formerly, the market being supplied chiefly by Danish and Aus tralian. The larger dairies send their milk per train to tho towns, special trains or special arrangement being made f«r this branch of tfaeir busi ness. These remarks apply only to Yorkshire and the Eastern Counties. A few years ago numerous farms were abandoned in the east counties, some of these have been taken by Scotchmen. I only saw one farm unoccupied. From all I could gather, I am of opinion that farmers with sufficient capital and energy were rather more than holding their own principally on account of the high price of every description of live stock. Smaller farmers with insufficient capita.! to procure live stock and mainly depen dent on their corn crop find great difficulty in making a living. Taking everything into consideration, there is decidedly an improvement in the outlook for British farmers, and 1 do not think we can reasonably expect immigration from England of either farmers or agricultural labourers, not withstanding the oSer of free lands, etc, etc. - Since the above was written, I notice the Prince of Wales, speaking in Lon don on the 3rd inst, on a movement there for boosing the poor said : " He applauded the attempt that was being made to solve the greatest social . problems of the age." 