A 3133 LIGH? 01-7 SI33EIA, I-iarrelb-as luineral and Agricultural The Lope of ilussis in dovelopiug Siberia is llint tho harvests of the ?ji- jantic province will suppK' Russian grain needs. The efforts, therefore, recently put forth toward attracting Siberian immigrants have been grsat, but it a.ppea-3 that tho province is vrorthy of such inducements. Its five million square miles have at present a population of ioar million people, but owing to the Russian energy, last year's addition mounted to no fewer than four hundred thousand csrsons. ilr ilonaghan, United States Consul o.i Chemnitz, Germany, reports to the Staia department a: Washington, that this movement is unequalled an}- v.here - except in the records of past, immigration into the United States. Hs says that Sibera, looked upon as a barren vras'e, is destined to ba one of tho world's richest and most productive sections. "In Northern France ~he:ii ripens in 137 days ; in Siberia, 121 107 izys. Even strong nigh: frests do not injure tha ycucg ssaa. I may add r n nu ;, *n Si ,, -' , **" and the Amur country enly 7G Juts, 107\. The first psricd lasts only S7 days :n the Irkutsk country." Speaking of the denies:, it may not be knov.-n that 10 steamers carry the mail regularl" or* that river. The Obi has already -ICO steamers ar.d 200 tugs iv servioo. As to the other im portant developments in Siberia, narneiy, mining, ilr Monagban re ports that between Tomash and Kuz nesk there ho over 23,000 square miles of coal lands wb:eh have never been touched. The iron mines are particularly good in quality, yielding as high as GO per cent. In Eastern Siberia alono there are over -100 places yielding gold. "With regard to dairying, it has long been the fashion to regard Siberia 33 the bleakest of all bleak and unpro ductive lands, but this idea is now being rapidly dispelled. A paragraph in the wheat section of this review tells of tha growth of this branch of Agricultural industry there, and here it has to be stated that the dairying industry is also advancing with big strides. A Danish dairying instructor employed by the Russian Government as travelling teacher in dairying, writes from Siberia saying that 3. number of dairies and creameries havo of late been established in that section. 2v early everywhere the largo, sized hand separators are used, and milk is plentiful; in some villages as much as 10.000 pounds of milk may be collected daily, and it contains much fat, yield ing about five pounds of butter from ICO pounds of milk. (In Europe generally we find that a record cf three aud one-half pounds of butter from 100 pounds of milk 13 considered very fair.) A great deal of this butter of tine quality 13 sold to Danish dealers. As is well known, tbe demand for finest Dutch butter in England makes it necessary to supply the shortage for the homo demand from Russia and Finland. When we keep in mind the stubborn energy tho Russian Govern ment is accustomed to show in many ways, we may rest assured that with fhe excellent field for dairying in Siberia it will not be long before y/e .?shall have another strong competitor. 