JOTTINGS BY THE WAY. Some mornins ago very serious rumours reached the Home Secretary of the manner In which the aboriginads were being treated in certain of the Western portions of the colony, remote irera ipopokue «entree. These statement* were of the most (incredible dt eeristion. A Mr. Gordon was available at the time, and the Some Secretary, whose interest in the welfare of the native blacks far weH known, had thta genthemaai sent out. PMwtteaUy he cwftros tie eerious state ■naats, «uod the matter is now gaining pro satacacc again. One of the charges in that the Macks are -kept atway from the water kolea by means of the stockwhip, but more serious still ie the way in which the females are wed. Disease ie said to be rampant. It is not pleasant to know that this kind of tiling is going on in the colony. It has seen held by many, toy the Home Secretary among others, that as we took the land that rightly (belongs to ithe aboriginals, and in troduced evils among them, it is our duty to take the ibest care of them we can ; and hro know, how 'far »Mr. Foxton tftftols his mission, and of hie endeavours to educate and raise them. It now 'becomes his duty to take stringent action. From what is known «f Aim in this connection he will not fail. fhiefc a condition of affairs a-s has been hint ed at, tout which cannot ifon obvious rea sons be placed before the puibMc in plain hmgnage, should not be aWowed to exist a soomcnt longer than is possible. We have estaMiabed an Immigration De •artsaent, and naturally that department jastttes Ha existence by importing every now and then, but chiefly every *snow, large con rigaments of immigrants. This may be well ewwgb In Its way, tout during late years it •eeaia to have been taken far too easily for granted that these immigrant* are absolutely a necewity oi our political development. ,A* any rate, it is sufficient to make us !»«■* when we read of regular detachments ct Scandinavians being landed* here every fortnight. Can it rertly be that the Brt tbher Is played out as a iiiiiiiiHiimiliiiii aide fey side with the Dane/fr-«*T«WadTN4e la a negligible quantity ? fat tpewvl44tfM> other and a simpler reasqib lot this afixtot* to hare the Scandinavians a>-a labourer stfL> ttma ? We shrewdly e*ujj*€t flfefcwheK: Che hSatory of Mr. Brenatte nimefdsa, lm »«rtatJoM is closely inqulrM into it wTtofce fount thai cheapness is at tHvjtfetfsin of whole taulnece. The lot of ?W itifewegtan. and Danish farm labourer is 9ik*tfl4 r ßioiK wretched kind in hie own country, Brd wia* fte la offered here «eems like a small for-" tot But we doubt very much whether he <*n really fceat the genuine British la- Ttomr pointless, as the immigration autho rities seem to imply. And " are there no f»or about yoor gatee?" We seem to have heard of the unemployed difficulty in Vic ♦■ia and New South Wales as a chronic phaMuMi -with which the politicians of those eetiraJe* hare to grapple. , The «exoal problem in Its bearing on the Uqdot traffic lias lately received same com rtdeqpaOop at the hands of the Licensing CnrrmUnskm. It ie claimed, of course, by manry people wfco profess to know something of (human oatore that if there were no gilrls behind tars there would be fewer men found In front In other worts, the substitution of barmen for banmalde would stagger the drink traffic and close half the hotels in the «3±y. Bat even in the employment of bar mem Qjcre ia an element of danger that baa faappHy t>een foreseen by a member of the commission. Might not the presence of tood-looMißg young men behind the bar be an inducement to girls to visit hotels ? The . wjtaeas to whom the questixm appears to fesve keen put—a Salvation Artny officer, hy the way—did not think it would. At 'the tame time there is the awful possibility ttttt U might. Better, therefore, that things atundd remain ac they tore then that we fhould change from bad to worse. Girls have their living to earn, no less ttoan their bnrtOMM. And like their brothers, they prater to engage in something genteel. The •fco&ttao; of barmaids would in no way miti gate the domestic •errant difficulty. The •otettoo of that trouble is being arrived at in another iwfcy. In America domestic work fe being largely undertaken by men, and with moat gratifying results. In lieu of maids some ap- to-dtete fashionable women now here valets. One of these women, recount ing her experience in an American paper, odd ahe hrfd never been so well^taken oare of In her Hfe. Her clothes were most beontitoHy kept, and she never food her hair 00 weD dressed. Did sne mind (having him about ? Why, of course, not. She would But fee «o voifgar cc to think of such a thing. " It to like ttMttae Bonaparte, when one of her friends wondered that she should let her hacker done Into faer bedroom. ' Male, ma tibere,' ahe ettM. ' Appelles-tu. ca un bourne ?' My valet ie a ' ca,' that's all," The complaints of the Australians who fesvre returned invalided from " the red field of fight" in Soutti Africa have been repeated la Sydney in mud) the same strain as was beard In Melbourne. There are some modl tetttona, however, to be noted. It Is now to *• umtomiwd, more distinctly than be fore, that the neglect with which they were taeated by the British medical officials was tbe fault of particular officials, and that the <marge was not meant to have any general •ppMcation In such a direction. Only one tapttal fe -referred to as badly adminis tered. At all the others our countrymen say that they were treated well. They seem to agree in denouncing the neglect of the authorities under whose auspices they were sent back to this country, and who are de clared to have hurried them on board with out making adequate provision of any sort for their comfort. These antf other facts of an unpleasant kind would certainly appear to be substantially correct, even when the fullest allowance Is made for the natural tendency of men subjected to unexpected berdship to exaggerate tfae real nature of Ibem. On this point the statement as to the philosophic spirit in which an old cam paigner, who is among the returned Invalids, looks back upon the experiences which his comrades recall with so much bitterness Is very suggefcttve in its way. No doubt the real explanation of the matter is that the neglect under which the Australians suffer ed was owing to the shortcomings and the Incapacity ot subordinates. The best regu lated systems are but too apt occasionally to become chaotic in tine midst of war. As regards the British medical system in Sooth Africa, there is, Indeed, curious testimony in one of our cable mesages as to the extent to which, in certain directions, it has fallen from an Idea) standard. But In the absence of positive information Judgment may be very properly reserved. It is so very easy to form wildly exaggerated conclusions even with respect to very real grievances. It would appear tbat the same differences of opinion that have marked every previous stage in the working out of Australian national unity are still to prevail in deciding the time when the federal elections will be held. Mr. Holder, Premier of South Aus tralia, with a prescience worthy of our own Mr. Wragge, has discovered a number of. climatic reasons why the elections should take place in October. February aud March are the rainy seasons in Queensland, and he evidently desires that our would-be federal legislators should come in out of the wet, lest their national fervour should be ex tinguished. September is a busy harvest month in South Australia, and January in Victoria, though it does not clearly appear why harvesting operations, any more than other work, should unfit the bucolic mind from considering federal questions and re cording their vote. The rsmsons given by our own Premier for having the elections in January are conclusive not only in regard to thfß colony tut to all the others. The various Parliaments will not then be in session, and the whole question can be dealt with so as not to Interfere with ordinary legislative work. There are many important matters to be dealt with in the •forthcoming Parliamentary session of Queensland. It is in all conscience too short at present for the transaction of pressing business, and to have it again interrupted after the present postponement would be un reasonable. • Now that federation is assured the delay of a few months will not matter much one way or the,other, though it may be advantageous in allowing time for each of the Colonies to set their house in order for the coming change. It will also enable the federal issues to be clearly defined by discussion, and the National Parliament will be all the stronger because the appointment \f representatives has not been* hurried. V;V3ne evening, not very long ago, the emu "Piiwes of a big Brisbane house, who had gfjfr* back after dinner to work off a little tittenime, had a really wild and woolly time. A |n, " only a lhtle one," broke out, and tfte sober stock-taking clerks would seem 'to have been transformed into a horde of raving lunatics. The firm In question counts much inflammable matter among its stock, and a complete set of fire appliances is kept on the spot to meet any emergencies. One assiduous individual possessed himself of the hose forthwith, while another excited quill driver turned the water on full. The pres sure was fairly heavy at the time, and the man at the nozzle was promptly knocked into the fire by the force Wkb which the water came through. A third cheerful idiot in the Intervals of dragging the first named out of the flames and shouting direc- I tiona to all and sundry, suddenly bethought i himself that a bag was a good thing for \ a fire. He did not wait to remember that the said bag had to be empty and wetted, but wMb commendable promptitude seized on a hundredweight of hops and tried to dump it on. But 1121b. is an awkward weight to handle, and the gentleman of forethought found that the bag threw him instead of his throwing the bag. While all this was gaily proceeding, the one man who retained sufficient control to get as far as the telephone had managed to impress upon Superintendent Hinton and his men the idea that all Brisbane was burning. They, of course, 'tore down with everything available, only to find on arrival that the fire, having had its lifttle joke, had consented to be ex tinguished, and the amateur fire brigade was recovering from its unwonted exertions. Man for his glory To ancestry flies, But woman's bright atory Is told in her eyes. Wlille the monarch but trace* Through monarch* hi* line, 'Beauty born of the graces Ranks next to .Divine. It was all very well for the Engli&n;, or rather, it should be safd, thfc Irish, poet— for the lines are Tom Moore"*—to sing in this strain. But they have very different notions about rank on the Continent, as one is reminded by that cablegram of this morn ing which tells of certain preHminary steps in connection with the approaching mor ganatic marriage of the heir presumptive to the throne of the Hapsburgs, the Archduke Franz-Ferdinand, with the Countess Cotek. It is stated that the Archduke, in the pre sence of the Emperor and his court, formally renounced the right of any children of the marriage to the Austro-Hungarian succes sion. Europeans are apt to laugh at the mysterious Asiatic distinctions of caste. Yet not a few of their own distinctions between the " sons of Adam," as Carlyle would have said, and between the daughters, too, if not quite as mysterious, are to the full as ridi culous. These morganatic marriages, for ex ample. iPhe reputation of the lady whom the royal personage delights to honour, but who does not happen to be nls equal in birth, is saved.when he has wedded her with " the left hand." The Turkish Ambassador, whom a German dignitary tried to enlighten on this matter, remarked, " Ah, I under stand : same thing as the Harem, only that your Christian Princes manage things in an other way." Some queer encounters have often taken place when a gracious Prince bias thtougTit It advisable to be off with the 'old morganfa'tlic love and on wiith the more legitimate new one. A scion of a Ger man Roytal House some years ago, while driving with his newly-wedded Princess in a public park, exchanged salutations with the fair occupant of a passing carriage. " Who is that ?" queried the young bride. " Oh, that is only my other wife." replied her spouse. It Is refreshing to find that Mr. Dick eon's life in London has not been all waste and weariness. He was compelled to stub bornly oppose the gu«fliing Imperialists who wanted to pass the Common-wealth stnight off ; but he has found some compensations. For instance, he had a long chat with the Prince of Wales* the other day, and found Albert Edward " a most genial and tactful man." Goodness gracious, who would have thought it ! There are come who have conversed with H.R.H., who have found him abrupt, with manners not at ail these of the caste of Vere de Vere. But, perhaps, it is meant that for a Prince he was genial and tactful. Then again we are told that the Prince " has a wide range of interests," which is somewhat surprising when we con sider the limited advantages he has had. We believe that he ha* never been in Bris bane. Finally, we are told that " Ills readi ness In asking queeetlons makes him easy to talk to." Naturally. A man who won't ask a simple question, ant! gives you his coat tails every time you try to make a re mark, is sometimes a little difficult to get on with, even though he be a Prince. The Premier of Victoria received a State communication from Mr. Chamberlain, and, realising, perhaps, .that it is always wise to keep in wfth the local Press, he at once gave itß contents to the reporters. The Pre miers of some of the other colonies now ex press wild indignation, largely, it seems, because they were not able to get in first. Mr. M'Lean, however, explains that his con duct is quite In order. He naively remarks that the message was not " confidential" — It was merely marked " secret" ; and no doubt he felt like the Irish servant gfrl that it is no use to have a secret unless you tell It to all the world. However, there is a serious side to this matter. Where does the heinousness of Mr. M'Lean's offence come in ? Mr. Chamberlain was communicating with "him on a subject of the utmost import ance, and one that concerned the people of Victoria intimately, and they had the right to hkve early information about the pro posed departure. Instead* of following the usual red-tape and sealing-wax method of bottling everything up till the last moment, Mr. M'Lean gave the public full and frank information ; and perhaps if 'this kind of " indiscretion" were a little more general it would be all the better for the public. Some of the Premiere are growling at Premier M'Letn because he divulged tho contents of Otfr. Chamberlain's cablegram, which stated that the British Government would be glad to commandeer part of the Australian squadron for use In China. You ccc, if the Powers quarrelled, one of them might come swooping down on Australia now it is known that part of the squadron is absent on leave. Queensland would be the flrat to sight the enemy—or the enemy would sight Queensland first, probably. But what does It matter ? We've the Moreton braves and the Volun teers, Who can sometimes hit the mark, The little cadets with their half-mast pant? Who look Just nice in the dark. The Headquarters Band—and the pipers bold . Who can skirl like the very deuce— fc If an enemy came, he'd go home again, w Or put up a flag of truce. 