SD&AL; TOPIC®. Tbe prospects of the cereal crops| through ont Victoria leave scarcely any thing to he desired. Since last date of. writing iiigh winds and -odd weatker have; ?been experienced, but these conditaeire aw nornul at tbta time -of year, aid although growth lias been slightly -che&ed;, posi-j tively 3M) Jus been done to either .crops «w grass. The effect of tits wmd bag been tanuraised toy a little ram, while the two forces combined hare contributed tD keep off frost. A good whiter and «u3y' spring gtmvih «f trope is new assured, and the character .of tie li aires t wifl be deter mined lay the -weather experienced after next October. If tbe conditions are then; favourable, sad there is no .rust, a record harvest may possibly be reaped. The font-: look in connection with dairying 5s pro bably more satisfactory than was ever pre viously the -case at the corresponding j period of year, aad there is a certainty of a very large increase taking "place in the quantity of butter available for export. Under sucli circumstances it is imperative that special attention i&ould; be directed towards improving the quality of the but ter, and preventing a repetition of the eoniulaiiite regarding deterioration tbat were so frequently made during the last export season. Tbe annual show af the Murrumbidgee, 3'aptoral and Agricultural Association will be Iteld at VTagga on September 5 and <», when prizes amounting in tbe aggregate to £930 wiU be distributed. Entries elose on August 21. Holiday excursion tickets will be issued by the liuilvvay department. The Mffltiorpe ploughing inatcL is no\r iiriuly established us an intercolonial cliaai ?iiou contest. It will be held, as wsnal, at MiUtliorpe, New -Soatii Wales, aa Oeptem-, bei 25 and 26. For tlie intercolonial cham pion double-furrow match Uie prizes given are £50, £25, £10, and £5 £o the hic cesgfii] competitors. Altogether £175 "will he avrarded in jtrizefi. J'\m jiari/iculars may: be obtained -from the lion, secretary, Mr.' S. C. Francis. in connection with the Meeting of the f^aud Board to <fcal \vitli applications for farms at Wimda. Vale, <&rraugexuents; have been made for the issue of iioliday excur sion tickets in order to facilitate tl»e at tendance at ajrplicants. These tickets will Ibe issued to «U persons on. production of p form from the Lands department show ing that tiiey have -applied .for blocks on tbe estate. Hundreds -of persons have visited Wandovale, with a view to deter mining the allotments they will -apply for. A meeting of lessees tinder 82nd diiuse of the Lana Act 1884 was Iieid at Rtish u-oilh on June 22 to ventilate the grievance under which they -suffer, as compared -with those who have selected nnder the 1898 act. It was pointed out that the bona-fide selectors tinder the former aec who had kept their holdings, and had j^rrt on their £1 per acre improvements, had to pay £1 for their Crown grants, whereas those wbo purchased from tlie dummy or speculator were, through an oversight, able to bring their 3and wider the 1898 act, and have it reclassified, and were thus enabled to get their/Crown grants for 10/ per acre. A re solution to tfie effect that the 32nd section lessees should lie accorded the privilege of | having: their laud re-classified was carried unanimously. Our Orhqst correspondent writes:-"The rainfall for the last two months lias bee:) almost continual, and occasionally heavy, so much so that we have had three floods in succession^ none of them heavy, but one very nearly to, and in many cases disas trous to the maize crops on the lowest flats and backwaters. Only those who were fortunate enough to have almost finished picking and. housing can now say th;:t they have escaped from a great less. Mauv are' losers to the extent of one quarter, and in 6ome cases oue half their gmin is damaged, and totally unlit for market. The rains came slowly hut steadily, ruid the water remained for weeks on the sub merged standing crops." Tlie experimental plots -established l>y the Victorian department of Agriculture at the farm of Mr. A. 51'Plier son, known as "The (J urns," four miles from Wycliopioof, have at tracted considerable attention. The wheat lias been sown in strips twice the width of u seed-drill, and cover one-iilth.of au acre each, the plots being manured of varying strengths nnd quantities. The most for ward plot is that treated at the rate of 201b. concentrated superphosphates and 721b. sulphate of ammonia to the acre. The plots sown with bonedust show little or no benefit. All the plots were sown with dif ferent varieties of wheat on April 30, com prising Steer's Early £tar, Ward's Prolific, Nut Cut, Queen's Jubilee, and White Lamma6. The firstnained shows a vigorous growth, stools well, and is dark gr^en in colour, and is by far the most forward wheat. The different samples afford an excellent object-lesson to the farmers in this district, and great satisfaction is ex pressed with the experience afforded by theis£ experimental plots. The Minister of Lands ha$ decided that Che land board which is to deal with the applications for the farm allotments at Wandovale shall sit at Casterton, that being the town which is most convenient for the majority of the applicants. The board will commence its work on luesday, the 10th prox., nt 10 a.m., in the Casterton Mechanics' Institute. Out of G6 nlloLments 64 iiave been applied for, two of the best blocks near the homestead not hovmg been noticed by any of the applicants Al though there are over 300 applications, there were only 101 individual applicants, several persons applying for three and four allotments in the hope of securing one. The board will consist of Mr. Read, sur veyor-general ; Mr. Jenkins, officer in chaise «f -the closer.settlement branch; and Mr Malcolm, local land olhcer. A-W)h cnuts will be able to secure tickets for Las tertoa at any jaflway station at holiday «s cuesloB tales on producuur the the Lands aepartment statmgwhea they Wto attend at that town. The townBhro wbk& bas keen surged tkc estate win be pronaimcd at once, and some of tlie j allotments will be«»W as soon as the neces sary notice is gazetted. The Spring Valley estate, owned by Mr. J homaB Caldow, and containing about 3,000 acnes of land, within six miles of Har row, las been sold to Mr. George Sey mour, of Narracoorte, South Australia, for £2/10/ Tter ncre cash. Last season Mr. Caldow ?eeeored I7jd. per lb. for fleece wool, grown en the estate, bb that tbe land aold la of an excellent M-oal-growing quality. The eale was effecbed through Messrs. F. Nageltliorn and Co., of Hor ffhain. In connection with the expert of poultry from New Jsouth Wales to Victoria, Hie; custom has been to have poultry examined at AJbuiy by the local stock inspector's officers, and on' their cer tnficate ifeat the bird« were free from' tick they were passed by Ike Victarian {Easterns. Now this certificate «fll ®»t be accepted or recognised, and iie owners "of poultry are required to make a statutory declaration that the birds are free from tick. It is cospfaindl that not one -owner; in a hundred «F©uld know tidk if fie saw it, and tliat if «ny<me is qualified to snake such a declaration it is tue stock officers representatives. Our Narandera correspondent -writes: Branches of the New £5audi Wales Far-' mera' and Settlers' .Association are spring ing up all over Rivecina. The Narandera branch is now the strongest in the £olony, having a members' roll of 170 bona-fide farmers, f$ettlerp throughout' the district are taking on, for trial, the new grass, l'aq»ah)m dUatum, whidh has recently been cultira^ed with much success at some; of the Government experimental farms, if: [lire climate is suitable, and the grass as good »a it in cracked up to be, it will be the salvation -of the -country. Mr. J. M. Sinclair, representative ia> London of the Agricultural department, _ lias written to Mr. Martin, the secretary,: 'stating that the proprietors of tbe "Miller," ] the leading journal in the mifling trade,! were holding an exhibition -of flour, wheat, j and bread in Xiomlon early in September, 5 and it was tbeir desire that the m31ers of ij Victoria Aorrld send exhibits to it. The! exhibit6 are to be in packets of 141b., eo > that there coidd lie several exhibits sent in - a ease. Mr. Sinclair added that be thought j this would be a good opportunity of bring-; ing the merits of Victorian flour Tinder the' notice of the large -consumers an England. The possibilities of the flas plant ? for; linseed ®H are r-eoeiving attention at Warr nainboal. A number of farmers have been seen, with the result that up to date about 60 acres of land are to be set down with the crop. Linseed has been cultivated spasmodically in the district before, out there was no market. An undertaking lias: been entered into to crush the seel if an appreciable area is cultivated. The re-' turns per acre, including the Government bounty «£ £2, will be about £7. Tbis is shown tin reliable data. The §H»tato crops have of late years proved unprofitable, atta cereals unsatisfactory, so that Ibe systema-' tic experiment to be made will be -of great interest to owners of high-valued agri cultural land. The annual report of the New Routhj Wales department of Agriculture shows] that during last season the area] under wheat comprised 1,$39;626 acres, of ] which 414,661 aeres were cut for bay, leav- j ing 1,424,965 acres to be harvested for j grain, which resulted in an average of 9.5 bushels for the colony. Although, as in j the past, the losses from rust were infini tesimal, the crops to a very wide extent suffered heavily from the fungus pest] known as bunt or stinking smut. Experi- j nients are being conducted with a view to j devising some economical and effective j means of euring the disease. The butter industry is not regarded as satisfactory, ? and the dairy expert is doing all in his \ power to demonstrate the advantages of I absolute cleanliness and up-to-date methods?] of manufactui'e and manipulation. The 1 greatest activity has prevailed in connec tion with the fruit industry. .The area ] under vines is gradually increasing, and the vine-growers are readily availing them-1 selves of more scientific methods of pro- j duction. The proposal of the Department of Agri culture to appoint 16 -Government dairy in spectors is -meetiiig ?with strong opposition in all the dairying district*. Tlie Dairy men's Association of Victoria recently is sued a circular to all shire councils urging upon tjiein tlie advisability of enforcing the provisions of the Health Act relating to tlie inspection of dairies, so as to avoia the necessity of Government inspection, and tlie replies received so far all >:how that ac tion will be taken to have local inspection properly carried out. At the quarterly meeting of the executive committee of tiie Municipal Association of Victoria tiie ques tion of dairy inspection was discussed, and; it Mas unanimously resolved, "That as tfie. time has arrived when a thorough'}" efficient^ system of inspection of d;iirjesTi&s; become necessary, it be a recommendation from the executive committee of ithe Municipnt Asso oiation to all municipalities that action be taken without delay in strictly enforcing tlie provisions of tiie Health Act relating to the inspection of premises where either milk, creain, butter, or cheese is pro duced." A circular conveying this resolu tion will at once be issued ny the secretary of the association, Mr. Jleaden, to shire councils. Through the careful inspection by the officers of the Agricultural department of meats, jams, fodder, &c.;, sent from Victoria' to South Africa to the order of the War Office, all such consignments are accepted on their arrival at "Cape Town by the mili tary authorities without any examination, I tlie experience gained iu the early part of the war proving that articles passed -by the department could be taken delivery of us being of good quality. Jioth Mr. Taver 11 er ana Mr. tiraliam impressed on the offi cers the necessity of being careful in their inspection, so that no inferior meat, fod der, fcc., -should leave here for Cape Town, it being desired-ito build up a good reputa-' tion for Victorian products in that new mar ket. This course has/been followed uptothe pre&eut;, but a few days ago the Minister of Agriculture was asked to relax this rule. K \Vas explained that Messrs. liartrara and Son had secured a contract from +iie War Office for the supply of -tinned meats. The firm'had been unable to obtain uH -the meat: it .wanted in Victoria within the required time, and had secured some in Queensland.: which had been passed i»y tlie inspector of that colony. The vesseL however, taking the consignment to South Africa did not call «t Melbourne, and therefore tbe officers of the AgricnJtnraa departwient bad. not ex amined tie meat. Seeing flat ®f«: Office iBfluired that the meat should. j*e| vasseS by the department, it was asked ifcat the Mwiisber <dhodd have 4lie -certifi cate of the Queensland inspector endowed by iris officers. Mr. Qfibam relied 4)liat iw cindd sot «ujetio« ifeis «eq»eBt, as the officers could .not- certify to .the quality of meat they had never-seen. According to the 'Canterbury Times," the high jM'ices ftrougfat bp jnilch COB'S in 'Jape Colony were one thing that undressed' Mr.H. ?. Wilkie, «(f &he; New Zealand De .paiimeat of Ag«eul-bure'« veterinary staff. Whilst Mi-. Wjlkie was in East London there was a sale of ten <hwk. Tliey were Australian-bred animals, and tliey «old -at {Hvce^ ranging from £21 to £35. Four of them were in milk when sold; jjthe ©tJiers were due to «alve in a week or two. Milk was one <o{ the thongs which *vas i*eaJly scarce in ike tosva, so much being touted for cofi sumption in the hospitals. Of «ate and hay itiie stocks laid An *aad amrung for the army authori ties at various ports were tremendous. The Minister of Lauds has visited t2ae YalJouk portion ami aleo the wester# end of Koo-vee-rup Swamp, and beard -statements from the settlers regarding im provements <which they wished to «avei made in .certain drains and ax>ads required: to keep the flood voters off the holdiugSj i and to enable 43ie settlers to get their pro-, duce to market. Mr. M'CoH paatsisea 4o bring the requests -under the attention of bia colleague the Minister of Public Works. The Government, he added, w-ould do the best it could for the Settlers, seemg that they had had 'exceptionally had sea-! sons to ooatend against. Mr. M'<Coll uleo promised to faring a request made to him to have a separate school started at the -Mechanics' institute, Yalloclc, under the] notice «f the Minister of Public Instruc tion. It was stated a few days ago .that the: ?deterioration in die quality of the.butter; sent from New South Wales tolingland,fol-L lowed by a serious fall in vahiea, was claim-: ang tlie attention oftheAgriculturaldepart-: ment. A number of large exporters have !been interviewed. They attribute the fall ing- off in quality in a great measure to the «se of private separators. As the export Istrade in butter is worth at the present time 'half a million a year to the colony, they recommended that everything in reason should lie done to keep up the standard of the quality, especially as It is likely there .wifl be reiy laige exportations from ail the* polonies next eeasou, and iaedi»m-qualiiy| flutter would probably bring £20 less a ton ? than the "best article. Pasteurisation is; also strongly recommended. We hare received from the publishers J .Messrs. Wm. Brooks and Co., Sydney, a: very useful little work, entitled ".Station. Bookkeeping," by Mr. F. E. Yigars. The work gives a clear aud precise description of the manner in which station accounts should t)e kept, and it will he found quite as use ful to the fanner as to the pastoralist.; As the author very pertinently remarks, "'it must be obvious to all thinking persons; that in these days of keen -earnpetition a strict record -of all business matters under taken should be kept, and comparisons' made from year to year of the receipts and the expenditure." Many farmers do not skeep accounts of their business, from a; .want of knowledge of how to-set about the' work. This little book will supply the re-; quired information, and by a careful peru sal of it any person of ordinary intelligence will be able to carry on hjs work hi a businesslike manner. Maize that is to Ije grown for fodder' fciionld not be planted too close. The old idea used to he to sow it very close,? under the impression that the closer it was' planted the more would he produced on an acre. The opposite is the fact to a certain' limit. It should be planted far enough; ;\part to permit each stalk to get a good growth. This well-developed stalk will l>e; able- to make strong roots and draw nourishment from soil further down. When the maize is sown-close each stalk makes; a very meagre growth, and the roots are! small. The feeding depth is curtailed at; the expense of the total yield. The thick-! ness of planting cannot be fixed by an] arbitrary, rule, but must depend -on the; strength' of the soil aud the variety of-corn! grown. But the fact should not lie lost sijiht of that the stalks should,-be per muted to get about their full development to be good fodder. The Edinburgh University iias conferred its degree of LL.D. on Miss Eleanor A. Or merod. This is a unione compliment, hut it is well deserved. Miss Ormerod has de voted her life to the study of entomology, and her labours have been of immeasurable benelit to agriculturists. Her acquirements and researches ore known world wide, and are keenly appreciated- She is the youngest daughter of the la-te Sir. tJeorge -Ormerod, of Sedbury-park, (rlouoestcrsliire. In 1853 she began to study -entomology from pure, love of it, and fifteen years later was awar ded a silver medal of the Royal Hortieul-' tnral Society for a remarkable collection of drawings and models illustrative of insect pests and their depredations. In 1881 site published a "Manual of Injurious Insects." and in the following year became consult ing entomologist to the Royal Horticultural Society. Annually Miss Ormerod has pub lished, at her own expense, a most valuable report on the farm pests of the year. TJie Danish Agricultural Experimental Laboratory, which for years has done good work for the advancement of rational dairy farming, has sent out its report for 1899, from which it appears that the prices for butter have kept pretty, near the top quo tation right through the year, and -the "over prices" of former days must now be, looked upon as having been, practically speaking, abolished. The average payment must be considered as a so-called quality paym&iL; butter in the first section having fetched uijjher price* .than butter in the second section, and so on. The difference in price between the best quality and the worst lias through tlie year averaged a -trifle over 4d. per 1001b. This holds good For nearly all tlie different districts. Most of the dairies have d tiring tlie j-ear gone in for pasteurising at 90(ieg. ^eutrigrade. As re garde the percentage of water, the labora tory Jios .eeverel times pointed out that this should be kept below 14 per cent., and that in some cases it must not exceed 16 per oent- During 1899 the percentage of -water has somewhat risen, averaging 14.06 per cent!, ugiast 13-95 per cent, for 1898. As the percentage «f water ha* fceeu W?rt?aeitig steadily of late years, attention shoi'M be given to this point, .#« it. is always unde--. tirable to have too bigh a percentage of water. It « recorded -wii®" satisfaction that the butfcep jjaa lad ajmoefc.lhe average points all over the country. in ere lias, m course, been some difference 10 <j«ality, but it beeomee less for e^ery y®** The V"ejle -district appeal* to produce «w best butter, and that -of Jklat jbo constitutes flie other extreme, but the xiiffei'csae ib Only flight. It is (stated <oa reliable authority^ that there ace about 4,980 cheese fact ones w the United iitate^ in addition to several hundred creameries making cheese in «naau quantities. The total output «x di^ese last year was 285,«90,<»01b. 76^00/KKBb. were produced in New York The vast lumber tracks in Fayette conntrj', United States are to he stocked .with Angara ®oats? for eommeree. lu® subject has been investigated, and See scheme presents itself t« tfeoae uMsoesteil as a moneymaker. The Jab our connected, with goat-raising and reaping toe products thereof is trifling compared with the §»» lits. The value -of goat skins imported sw» the United States is 1898 was oW 15,000,OOOdol. Eaeh year the Angara goft yields a fleece of about five pounds. Almost every groom has his own pre scription for ridding horses of worms. Penrapc the simplest and most effective j(jf all remedies for this purpose is a t*# to three drachm dose of aulpbate «f irou given each morning, with a anall bran raiat-h, -on an empty stomach. After tte*e doses have been given it should ©e wn 3owed tip with a mild purgativ*, a»d after this has taken -effect, one to two a inchm -doses *>f sulphate of iron may be repeated daily for a week. There appears to be a revival of the steal ing of lire stock by Indians in Argentina (writes the "Wv-e Stock Journal''} -whipi was Buch a terrible ?drawback to the settle ment of the country by immigrants *he* the country fii-st l»ecame a ©olooy for Euro peans. The ex-Governor of the prormce -sf Buenos Ayres has recently bad 2,JS90 sheep carried asray, and the I«diaas of the Chaco, aided by outlawed bandits, have ramed portions of Santa Fe and -Santiago del ex tern, carrying off children, as well as cattle and horses. A consignment of 800,00011V of ham and iUaoofl, cured according to a new formula furnished by the chemist of the department of Agriculture, Washington, has been shipped from Chicago to the _ Philippines. It is thought the shipment "will be -an tm jMjrtant departure in the preservation of .meat for tropical climates. The -curing ana packing are on plans devised to resist broil ing weather, as well as the dampness winch is the great characteristic of the climate on that iside of the Pacific. The packages are cans and ventilated cases. Ji.aeli can of bacon hold a day's rations for a soldier. At the Wisconsin dairymen's convention Professor Henry said that the cow «ee4ett a variety of food during the winter moiitoE, ibut she especially needed a -succulent food. Ensilage had been found the best ana cheapest for this purpose. l?oots were good, but too exjiensive. lixpermaents iiaVe proven that an -acre of corn can be I put in the silo for 21dol., while it costs L&Jdol.; to harvest and put in an acre of roots, and 6,0001b. of dry matter could be gtmvn in the turn crop as cheaply as 3.00011K in roo« crops. it costs 90 cents .in acre more to put an acre of core m the *jlo than it does to cure it and put it .up dry, but when in ensilage it will pro duce 13 per eeut. more milk than when put ui. drv. Milk made where ensilage is l,eiug fed sells at the highest price *A any in America, and several of the condensing factories are now allowing their patrons to feed ensilage. The benefits ot the c-oni plant were not half understood or appreci ated until the coming of the silo. The Oregon Agricultural College and ex periment station a year or so ago instituted h series of experiments to know exactly what the loss is through irregular milking. The experiment was as follows: -Jmx cowa were divided into two lot*, *sj|cb that trie average age of the cows andperiod ot lacta tion, also -total yield of fiiCk, was practi cally the same for each lot. The two lots received the same kind and amount 01 teed, but the cows in lot 1 were fed and milked regulady at 2.30 p.m. and 5.30 a m., while those in lot 2 were fed and milked at hours ranging from 5 to 7 a.m.-and 4 to 6 p.m. A comparison of the milk yield for three weeks, under this arrangement, with the three weeks preceding, .showed that the cows in lot 1 made a gain m yield of 5.M per cent., while those in lot 2 -decreased in yield 4.4 per cent. Assuming that tlie cows in lot 2 would have done as well as those in lot 1 if they had the same treat ment, which is highly probable, we find a lo*e of practically teu per cent. 111 the miiU vield during three weeks due to irregu larity in milking and feeding. The 3oj*, however, was confined to the milk yield, and there was practically no change m the quality of milk during the test period. Some time ago the Iowa experiment station undertook a series ot' experiments to determine the effects of period of lacta tion on milk and butter. Cows were taken, differing, in average, 133 days since time of calving. The milk of each <?ow was kept to itself, all ereaw <v»s re moved by a separator and churned, and the butter handled in the same way., The tne ouuer jruuwi^u m j . * - y~ butter was judged by an expert, who could discover no difference whatever due - to neriod of lactation. That others do ex perience difficulty, both in creaming and in churning the milk of cows long in milk ("strippers"), is a generally accepted fact The experimenters are of the opinion that this difficultv is due to the fact that cows are not fed a sufficiently succulent ration. The difficultv in creaming is L-elieved to be due to increased viscousness m the milk, accompanied with reduced size of fat globules as the period of lactation advances. Succulent food, by increasing the flo^ milk tends to overcome this viscausnees. Hie quality of the butter is preserved by the use of starters to hasten the,ripening of the cream. This experiment is in accord with the practice of the best buttermakera, wbo overcome the viscousness by always having some fresh cows to milk. . 