THE JUMNA INQUIRY. CONCLUSION OF THE EVIDENCE. The official Inquiry into the alleged mis- conduct of some immigrant girls on board the steamer Jumna, also certain complaints against the matron (Miss Davies), was re- sumed at the Immigration Depot, Kangaroo Point, on Saturday afternoon. The board of inquiry comprised Mr. R. A. Ranking, Police Magistrate (chairman) : Dr. Marks, Dr. Thompson, P.M.O.; Mr. Irving, of the Customs ; and Mr. J. O'N. Brenan, of the Immigration Department. Mr. Victor Drury, solicitor, was present on behalf of Miss Davies ; and Mr. Pring Roberts ap- peared for chief steward and purser. At the opening of the proceedings, Mr. Victor Drury said, on behalf of the matron, he wished to state that she made no specific charge against any of the officers of the Jumna ; but her evidence would show that she did not receive that moral support from the captain and other of the steamer's officers that her position entitled her to. Some discussion took place between Mr. Roberts and the chairman, the former con- tending that the board had already allowed evidence against the character of his clients, and he asked the board to have these rumours struck out from the notes. Mr. Brenan said that would mean that, in the course of their desire to learn how the system of Immigration worked, they would have to stay the inquiry. The Chair- man informed Mr. .Roberts that he waa only present as a matter of grace on behalf of certain men whose names had been inci- dentally brough't into the inquiry. The object of the inquiry was to find how the disorder had arisen. They had heard those who had signed the petition as prosecutors ; now they were going to hear the defence. THE SUB-MATRON'S EVIDENCE. Mrs. Elizabeth Russell deposed she signed on as stewardess, and there being no pas- sengers, was appointed sub-matron by the company in the Board of Trade office. She had not occupied the same position before. As 'stewardess she was under the captain ; as sub-matron under the matron. She al- ways obeyed the matron as far as lay in her power. She found none of the girls very unruly. The girls were always very obedient to her. There were rumours on board of certain girls having made ap- pointments to meet certain of the officers at night, but she only knew that from hearsay. It was untrue to say that she was sent to take a girl out of one of the officer s cabins. She met one of the girls coming down at 5 o'clock one morning from her Ibath. She did not, see the girl go up to her bath. Complaints were made of chaffing among the girls late at night, but witness told the matron she could not shut their mouths. Her duties necessitated her seeing the matron frequently every day. ' Mr. Drury : And did you ever see her the worse for licuor ? Witness : Her way at times was strange. She would sometimes tell me one thing one minute, and tbe next would deny that she ever told me. Mr. Brenan : Was the roll called at night ?-Witness : No. . 'Mr. Brenan : And how . did you know which girls were in their bunks ?-Witness : I used to go round the bunks several times every night, sometimes at 11, 12, and even about 1 o'clock. Sometimes after that. NURSE RIMBAULT'S EVIDENCE. Elizabeth Rimbault, certificated maternity nurse, was then called. Mr. Brenan :" I want you to tell the chair- man and the board 'how you came to Queensland. Witness : I went to the office of Mr. August Larsen, 116-117 Holborn, London, who advertises himself as authorised agent for emigration to Queensland. I was in nurse's costume at the time, and asked him if there were any openings for nurses in Queensland. He said, " They want nurses, and of course would be glad to accept you." I signed as a nurse, and came as a nurse. If you refer to the ship's papers you will see it entered there. Mr. Brenan looked up the passenger list and found the entry as stated. The 'Chairman : What were your earn- ings there ?-Witness : From £8 8s. to £10 10s. per month. The Chairman to Mr. Brenan : You took that entry as a children's nurse ? 'Mr. «Brenan : Yes. The Chairman : Since you arrived have you made Inquiries about nurses' appoint- ments ? Witness : Yes. I hear from all fiouiccs there is not a living to be made here. I am staying at the Lady Musgrave Lodge, and bave already communicated with Lady Lamington, but there are np openings here, and nursing is not so well paid out here as 1n England. " * » The Chairman to Mr. Brenan : You had better pay attention to this matter, and have this man Larsen hauled over the coals. Mr. Irving : Who Is this man Larsen, and, what does he get 1-Mr. Brenan : He carne Into the service as a Danish agent. Now he appears to be running the whole of the emigration. THE OHIBF STEWARD'S EVIDENCE. Walter Ovenden, chief steward on board the steamer Jumna, deposed that he bad charge of the bar, and the matron's wine «bill during the voyage was, according to the wine cards, £4 16s. ia., and cash pay- ment« of £5. He supplied the matron with brandy after the bar was closed at night. It did not make any difference to him whether It was an irregular way of business or not. He did not give con- sideration to the fact that she was re- sponsible for tho women on board, he simply supplied it. Mr. Brenan : And the voyage was nine weeks. The Chairman : Did you not think this proceeding Improper to toe acting in this "way ?-Witness : I don't know, sir. Mr. Drury : Old jou mention it to the captain ?-«Witness : Yes ; but I can't say when. Witness, continuing, said he had not supplied the matron with any liquors in this country. There was no special ac- count «for the matron. He arrived at the amount paid in cash by the matron from 'the calculations made by the coloured steward boy who attended her cabin, and iwho (frequently brought, Mm money from the matron. 'Mr. Drury : Dont you know it is a rule What black men cannot be served with liquor ?-Witness : O don't know. - iM'r. Drury : He might say it was for the matron, and how did you know 'the money was from her ?-Witness : The boy itold me it went to her cabin. He told me again yesterday, after this inquiry was on, and he said in his own estimation it was £5. The Chairman : You have no proof 'that this boy did not (bring money from any of the girls.-Witness : I am positive it was not for anyone else. (Mr. Drury : You said that you informed 'the captain that she was getting drink on 'the quiet ?-Witness : That was towards the end of the voyage. I cannot say what port, nor what answer.he gave ane. . The Chairman : Don't you thinfe it very extraordinary that the captain never told us anything about this ?-Witness : I just mentioned it to bim in ordinary conversa- tion. Dr. Thomson said that under the old re- gulations the wine allowance was 2s. 6d. a day.. Witness : I know nothing about the old regulations. CAPTAIN SAUNDERS'S EVIDENCE. Captain Saunders, mas ter of the steamer Jumna, recalled, deposed it was understood that Mrs. Russell was going as stewardess land matron. Mr. Drury, with 'leave, then read the fol- lowing letter appointing 'Miss -Davies to the position of matron :- v J \ _ Queensland Government Offices, Westminster Cham- bers, 10th September, 1900. Madam,-I have the honour to inform you that you have been appointed matron on board the steamer Jumna, sailing on tlie 22nd instant with immigrants for Queensland. Your duties will ' chiefly consist in the cale and supervision of the single women emigrants, in keeping them free from intrusion and from unnecessary association with other pusscngers ; and in seeing that they regularly observe the rules laid down by the surgeon-superintendent after conference with your- self for the good order of their part of the ship. The young women under your care must retire to their own sleeping premises early in the evening, the.exact time to be determined by the suigeon supirintendnt, and it will be your duty to see that they are all there at the time fixed. Excep- tion to ¿leis rule will be permitted by the surgeon superintendent, but under careful arrangement for due supervision. No one is to be permitted on any account to KO into the-placc in which the single women have their (berths after the time fixed, except other females or the surgeon when his professional services may'render it necessary. In this case it will be your duty always to be pre- sent. You will remember that Hie oversight of the young unmarried females is an important trust, and while you endeavour by firmness to main- tain good order and obedience, you will strive te win their esteem by a wise and kind construction of üie rules prescribed for their good behaviour, 'Wie young women should understand that their futuie prospects in their new home will probably much depend «¡ion the commencement they make while on their way to it. You will reeeive a free second cabin pass ige to the colony, mid on your aniniil, your duties having been faithfully dis- charged, you will receive the sum of £10, and £10 to cover your outlay, nuking in all the sum of £j|) icmuneration lor jour sen rees, and if you should dean«« to return to this country you will i cecil o a second cabin passtigc by the Britisii ludi.i oi Orient Company's steamer, or you will be i>aiU £4U to enable jou to come back by uiiy other line you may prefer.-Yours obediently, C- S. DICKEN, Pro Agent-Oeneral. P.S.-You are authorised to appoint three female constables, who, it. their duties should be properly performed will leeeiie £3 each. Your cabin will bo in the bingle women's com- partment. Witness said he had asked the matron, to produce this letter, and she repeatedly promised to do so, but did not. He re- ferred to the sulb-matrou as honest and hard-working. He then detailed the several inquiries that were held on board. In his opinion tbo sub-matron supported ,the matron In her duties on tho voyage. The matron dined with him, and never had liquor at her meals. « Asked if he had ever seen her under the influence of drink, he said he had seen her very strange at times, but had never seen her intoxicated. He could slioply say that her language was i most insulting, and he could account for It in no other way than that she was in- fluenced by liquor. . 'Again, her conduct to the immigration agent at Townsville was I very .«strange. . , Mr. Drury : Did sho not complain bitterly of how she was treated ? Did she ask your protection ?-Witness : No, she never did. W¡tness, continuing, said the chief ground of the girls' complaint against the matron was her tolling thom that no re- spectable girl would emigrate. They com- plained of undue harshness. When the matron told him of the rumours about the girls making appointments with the officers, he considered the matter a very serious thing, and did, not treat it lightly, as the matron had asserted. The Chairman : The result of the inquiry that was held was that the girls were re- primanded for their misconduct ; but all the other charges fell through entirely ? Witness : Yes. ' Reference was then made to the matron's assertion that tho officers always backed one another up, and to her complaint that on one occasion the captain said, " I can't listen to this language, and refuse to con- tinue the inquiry." Witness denied the truth of this assertion, and added that the various offenders were duly entered in the log. He als,o denied having seen the notice, written by some of the girls, re- flecting on the matron, and po3ted up at the bar. Nor was he ever spoken to about the matter. He had said he would not travel with the matron asain, because she grossly insulted the officers so many times. At the same time, ho wished the board to understand that he was not making any charge against her. He had come to the conclusion ;that the matron suffered from delusions. The Chairman : Do I understand you to say that she was utterly incompetent ? Witness would not say that, but he thought she was harsh. 'He did not pre- sume to say that the girls were angels ; but he thought there was too much harsh- ness, where a kind word would have gone a long way. The Chairman : Would you be surprised to hear that the facts disclosed that there was a good deal of want of supervision ? Witness : You have to remember the dif- ference in immigration now and foimerjy. . The Chairman : But human nature is always the same. 'Mr. Brenan : What you hive said is that 'Miss Davies was not a practical woman ? Witness : No ; I said she showed a want of tact. The Chairman : . The difficulty of the situation, I suppose, is (this, that your powers are not sufficiently defined 1-Wit- ness : No, sir ; 'they are not. The Chairman : Honestly, captain, do you think you supported the matron ?-Witness: I do. The Chairman : Do you think your bear- ing before the officers and the girls was such as (to show (that you were backing up ttihe matron ?-Witness : Yes. Dr. Thomson: Under whose direct supervi- sion did .tlhe girls come?-'Witness: Under the doctor-superintendent. I very seldom went on the mutual deck ; but I have seen them sitting with ttíeír arms round each other's waists, but I never saw any act of im , morality. Dr. Thomson : Rou have heard the ma- tron's complaint oí men and women being wrapped up in a blanket.-Witness : It was never brought before me. Dr. Thomson : 1 want to find out if the matron got any support from the executive. -Witness : We did not want to make her position hard, (because the harder it was for her the harder it would be for us. The Chairman : I cannot understand that a woman who had any experience for such duties should find, within five days of sail- ing, the whole place in a (turmoil.-Witness: , The girls say it iwas only from her manner of speaking. Mr. Drury : No, they don't. | Mr. Roberts : Did you support the officers unduly against the matron ?-Witness : Whenever occasion arose I have spoken strongly to them. Mr. (Roberts : Did you hear of the second officer being down the hold with one of the girls at Cairns ?-Witness : No. Mr. IBrenan : The thing Is, did it happen at all ? \- iMr. Roberts : Was any complaint made to you about immoral conduct and the second officer ?-Witness : No. DR. (LEDINOHAM'S 'EVIDENCE. Dr. ILedinghaim, surgeon-superintendent on board the steamer Jumna, recalled, said with regard to Miss Davies's appointment hi. had a special letter giving him special powers. He was slightly in doubt as to his positibn, and throughout the voyage acted as surgeon-superintendent. Referring to the bar beinfe open to the girls, he said (there was no such provision under the old conditions. His instructions were to allow no spirits to the girls unless medically pre- scribed in case of sickness. He was not aware of the statement that several of the girls were seen coming away from the bar. Miss Davies complained to him with refer- ence to the notice at the bar, and be sent to the chief «toward to have it taken down. Mr. Drury : What Is your opinion of Miss Davies ?-Witness : I have given 'it in a short report sent to the Colonial Secretary. Coutinuing, he said he had advised her to try and make fi lends wilb the engineers aud officers, as it would make matters much mpre simple and pleasant. Miss Davies had never been out as matron under toe regulations in force. He had never seen her under the influence of llquoi. Ile had not received any letter appointing him sui geon. He always found the matron willing to take advice. He had not heard a single word about the alleged immorality till the other day,' when he came ashore. The be- haviour of 'the officers was good. If the girls spoke to them, they could not avoid answering them. The matron never was, I insultim* Rewards him, She was With him , morning and evening, and was off duty only one day. THE MATRON'S DEFENCE. Caroline Emily Davies deposed she was matron on the steamer Jumna. (Here Mr. Drupy submitted a long list of credentials and references, dating from 1S7G, and news- paper notices, showing that Miss Davies had successfully acted as matron to girl immi- grants to Canada, British Columbia, and elsewhere.1 Witness said she had an Interview with Sir Horace Tozer, after which she was en- gaged to sail in the Jumna. Sh* Horace asked her to pay strict attention to the girls, and be very careful as to their moral conduct. ¡ Mr. Drury said that the number of immi- grants on the official list, did ndt agree with the actual number on board. '«' Mr. Brenan : There always is some dis- crepancy. Witness then detailed the first disturbance, on board, and said when she approached the" captain with the second, «he seemed an «noyed, and said; ?" What, another cem plalnt ?" She had previously spoken of 'the matter to the doctor, who considered she was justified in bringing it before the captain. Several of the girls (here the names were mentioned) were troublesome from the beginning of the,voyage. Detail was given of other complaints, and ex- planation was given by Dr. Ledingfiam of" bis reason for exempting «certain glris.from work on board. Lengthy explanation was given of the refusal of certain girls to re- tire when she ordered them. Their con- | duct, the matron said, -was that of a-London Hooligan. There were a great many very respectable girls on board, and that was why she was anxious to communicate witn the Hon. J. Douglas at Thursday Island- to hold an inquiry. Referring to a subsequent complaint laid before the captain, he re- marked to her, " The fact is, that in every inquiry you have brought before me they have been able to disprove everything you said. An«»- it Is always such tra£h." When the captain's attention waa drawn to the notice on the wall, he said, " It has nothing to do with me." Continuing, witness -said-. she got no assistance from the captain ; but the doctor reprimanded the offenders, and asked her what more could he do. He had no place in which to. lock them up, ho, said. «Witness explained how «he bought brandy on three occasions for' the benefit of certain of the married women who wera sick. Detail was given to disprove the statement that she had expended £5 in cash at the bar. She had not that amount with her. When-she went on board" she' had only-10s., and out of that paid for soveral glasses of wine for some of the passengers, as already stated. On arrival at Port 'Said she went to the captain' and received a disbursement of £2, the greater part of which was expended on the pur- chase of curios. Further explanation was given of the charge against one of the girls being seen hanging on the arms of the second officer and purser, and when the matter was laid before the captaTu he seomed to treat it as another frivolousr charge. She had occasion to complain of one of the engineers going up on -the girls' deck, but no notice was taken of it. On, one occasion she asked Constable Smith to'' remove him, but the man did not leave then. Complaint was also made of the. boiler-/ maker, who, when remonstrated with for «being there,, said, "I'm doing no. barm "<"' Ile was still pressed to gq, and ultftaabiy' ran across the deck, .but turned and ¿hook' his Ost .in her face. , During the Voyage-' she had occasion to report the stewardess to the captain for inattention-to duty, but she continued as before, saying "?ni co-' where I like." i. «Mr. Drury : Did you receive -supporkirom-. the captain and officer« V-- Wftno3s.it, "«No * ^1-don't think l_W.- /They^^hü^ J worked against me, all except the chie\ officer and first «ngineer, whom I never saw, once speaking to the girls on board. 'Captain Saunders (to the Chairman) It is absolutely untrue that I was hostile to hep in every way. It is something terrible tft.' hear her say so. Mr. Irving . You stated that you would not sail With her again. Captain Saunders But I did not charge her, as that would prevent lier getting em- ployment under Government again. Mr. Irving : What -coukl be more hostile than your action ? Wo are Impartial people. You have done her all the damage you vcan. The Chairman : She, again, has said that you did not support her, aud she would not sail with you, which is as broad as it is long. Further reference was made to the evi- dence affecting the pu*ser and chief steward. Tho Chairman said it was obvious that the relations between the matron and the ship's officers were not anncable. At this stage Mr. Brenan submitted a îe port on the alleged misconduct ou board the «Duke of -Portland m August, 1899, in which reference was made to tho old-time bulk- heads, and which, it was remarked, if they had existed on the Jumna would hare pre- vented ali the trouble that has taken place. This closed the inquiry. 