THE JUMNA'S IMMIGRANTS* WITNESS COMPLAINS OP BEING MISLED BY EMIGRATION AGENT. (By Telegraph.) BRISBANE, December 2. The official inquiry into the alleged mis- conduct of somec of the immigrant girls on the s.s. Jumna and the complaints against the matron of the ship was resumed yes- terday afternoon. Elizabeth Russell, the. sub-matron, stated that the girls were always obedient to her. Elizabeth Rienhault, a certificated mater- nity nurse, stated she went to the office of a Mr. .August Larson, at Holborn, London, who advertised himself as an authorised agent for emigration to Queensland. She asked if there were any openings for nurses in Queensland and Larsen said, " They want nurses, and, of course, would be glad to accept you." She signed as a nurse and came out as a. nurse. In reply to the Chairman (Mr. R. A. Ranking) witness said her earnings in England were from eight to ten guineas a-month, and that since her arrival in Queensland she had made inquiries from all sources and found -first, that there was nat a living to be made here; secondly, that nursing was not so well paid here as in England. Remarks having been, made by those pre- sent as to this being a disgraceful thing, the Chairman stated thie Immigration Agent (Mr. Brenan) had better pay at- tention to the matter and have "this man Larsen" hauled over the coals. Mr. Brenan, in reply to a question, said Mr. Larsen came into the service as Danish agent ; but he now appeared to be running the whole of the emigration. Captain, Sanders, master of the Jumna, stated that he had come to the conclusion that the matron had suffered from delusions regarding the conduct of the girls. He thought she was harsh and showed want of tact. No complaints were made to him about immorality. Caroline Emily Davies, the matron, stated that several of the girls were troublesome from the beginning of the voyage and she got no assistance from the captain, or officers. Mr. Brenan submitted a report dealing with alleged misconduct on board the s.s. Duke of Portland in 1899, in which refer- ence was made to old-time bulkheads, which if they had existed on the Jumna would have prevented all the trouble that had taken place. Tile. London correspondent of the " Bris- bane Courier," writing on the 19th of Oc- tober, says:-" From the Government, in one specified case, and indirectly in others, the Agent-General has beard that some of the emigrants assisted out to Queensland liare complained, since their arrival in the colony, that they were induced to go there by misleading statements made to them by the Government's representatives here. To all such assertions, so far as they affect him and his office staff in London, Sir Horace Tozer gives a prompt and emphatic denial. Nor is it at all likely, he says, that Mr. Randall or Mr. Garroway, thc only persons authorised by him to give in formation outside concerning the colony, would furnish any foundation for the grave charges made by the emigrants in question. He further states that every one connected with the agency knows it to be his wish that strict accuracy be observed in every- thing relating to Queensland that is told to intending emigrants, for it is well under- stood how serious an obstacle their discon-1 tent can be made to the future work of the emigration agents in this country. He recalls many instances in which he has himself questioned emigrants for the pur- pose of ascertaining what preconceptions they had got about, the colony and whether they fully understood such risks as there were before them. There are two members of the permanent staff of thc agony who have controlled the details of thc emigra- tion work for severall years, and who, also, I am assured are most careful in regard to what, they tell persons who are think- ing about going out to the colony. A case hus been mentioned in which an emi grant, now in Queensland, alleges that be- fore leaving England he was told at the agency that there was any quantity of good land on or near the Darling Downs open for conditional selection at a charge of 2s. 6d. an acre. Sir Horace Tozer not only denies that there is any truth in this as- sertion; but adds that it would be impos- sible for anyone, with the Queensland Land Acts and other printed facts before bim, to give such information. One of thc servant girls who went out recently in the steamer Duke of Norfolk has written to the ' Daily Mail,' complaining that she suffered from discomforts on tho voyage out, including ' tyranny' on the part of the matron, and was not properly provided for on arrival. When the statements were brought under his notice by a reporter of the 'Daily Mail,' the Agent-General said it .seemed to be chiefly ' a. case of nostalgia,' adding that the girl, before leaving London, was sufliijentlly instructed as to what she was to expect." 