3Hp^BHS*§-= .Dickson has tieen 47 years in Australia. Alas! \- ^^0CMCEp-:Tthairi3a1^ ^aa- JwiU^iot-oottteat^ibhr Fitzroy. electorate any _moue, — --^=™==sss«^ Labour Member Ry land is on a trip to the OfcL Country under in atructiqns from his medi-~ ^eaVadjisefc ^^1 ^ ^ Premikr Lyne signs State papers in his sing let they tell us. ' Why can't he give the laun dries a show. Labour Member Dawson is undergoing treatment in the St. Vincent's Hospital, Sydney. Doing nicely. Sleath, M. P., goes with theN. S. W, bush men's contingent as an office. Poor Labour ! Barton thinks th.« Federal* Parliament may be sitting in June or July ; Griffith thinks not till next year. Signs of the times ; The Federal Labour Conference was held in Sydney last week, in the absence of Glassey and TrenwithJ__ Qiekn\si,\ki) lijis had- five Scotch-born Premiers, four English, four Australian, one Irish, and one Welsh Preaiier. Ana yet look at it? . Ignoring Labour as a political factor, five delegates of the Fatman order leave for London to explain the Common we Uth Bill to Chamberlain. Philp introduced seven bills during last session, Foxtou three, Rutledge three, Dal rymple two, Murray two, Chataway one and Dicksou one. Dickson will probably resign his seat in the Cabinet before pursuing his title to England. Bulimba electors should also compel him to resign his f-^at in Parlia ment. - The most powerful monarch of the present day is Lnrd Rnfrhfiphiiri He b«H under his command -milliong-of sovereigns to carry out his wishes in all countries. West Australian ^ntlanders ore peti tioning thdrmisrepresentative^, praying them to enlist with the contingents. So far none of them have taken tfienmt.' - Drake has four and a half pages of Government advts. in his paper, represent ing £12 a week of an income. Making bay while the sun shines, this, with a vengeance. Dickson lamented to the Australian Native banqueters that the people hero have no veneration. No touching your cap to your superiors and taking on your hat to the squire ! Allowing for payment of wages for six months, the different contingents already despatched to the African War to N.S. W, have cost at the very least £125,TW0 Queensland about ditto. A section of members of the British House of Commons are determined to try and alter the Commonwealth Bill so as to provide for proportional representation in the Federal Legislature^ ? ? Very few Labour votes are lost^Tirough the emigration of the contingents. Too woomba, Warwick, Maryborough, Mackay, the strongholds of- Jingoism, all return Continuous hoodlers to Parliament. Tozer has been telling a London paper that he has £50,000 to spend on immigra tion. Also that he is despatching ship ments of Scandinavians fortnightly and negotiating to further flood this province with FfaniK' ? As a protest against the heat in Sydney, Queensland delegates, in conference as sembled, found it necessary to take off their coats. New South Welshmen should no longer profess to dread the Northern climate. Ministerial supporters in Woothakata re.kon that the only wSty to save the seat from Labour at the next election is to run a bogus Labour candidate.to split-the votes. l»ooh ! There's a real live W.P.O. up there ! The 37-mile peg will be the political death of Bowen Smith yet. Suggested cartoon :_Smith a political corpse lying at the crossroads of ' Labour ' and 'Boodle' with a~^eg'~nTarked '37-mile' driven through his chest. . — Champion, of 'lions and asses' notoriety — as a' leader writer on a Melbourne paper —proclaims his apostacy by asserting that a Labour Party is not necessary for the gurpose of ensuring Laboiw legislation, lee, haw ! Hee, haw ! The 'Tung War ' the official journal of the Chinese Outlanders in Australia has called upon every son of Confucious on the continent to sign a petition to the Empress Dowager of China protesting against Tung Chi taking his father's job of Emperor of the Flowery Land. Mr. Ward, the secretary of the Oairns P. P^A.T writes emphatically denying the ^tement^bhaV^m-^gHwens has^y^wordor jymiui£_uitimated to^him Jus intention-of ^lasig^wg^^ie^^Qag^s^g^Hbo^eaHt^ The party ca.n'f, afford to let-a-manmf-TemV ability incur ahy_risks. — '' ' '__ ? ' — - ~~^BiWTillett1ias wi-itten Tsevefal letters to Jibe AustoaJiaii^LabQur^apera denouncing the war^ but Justice, the organ of the Social-Democrats in London apnnH«?s himof fiyjnipathising 4n the Clarion with the stand ^kenHSy its editor—' Nunquam' Bktch ford. Tillet^sjBQtto, ia evidenlilyi'AU '^nnpTSlftlTnenT' A coNspiRAcr is said to be on fo »t to put Tozer in Philp's shoes and Dickson into Tozer'a. Much correspondence on the sub ject is passing to and fro across the herring -^pond. ToKer-iseonsidered the better tarry diddler of the two, and it will now require' an artist at that game to keep the Govern ment crowd together. ? ' ? Government favouritism in purchasing supplies for the various contiugents is rampant. In one instance the successful tenderer got a much higher rate than tn-iny respectable traders tendered to supply the article at. Is this because *they contributed more largely than the others to the Patriotic Fund ? Or why ? Labour Member Hughes was the hero of the early closing celebration gathering in Sydney on Foundation Day. No member of Parliament has done half as much as the member for Laing in bringing about the consummation of this great boon to Sydney shop assistants. They showed their ap preciation of his services by presenting him with a fifty guinea watch and chain. /One of the Queensland delegates to the Flederal Labour Conference a thoughtful, humourless, absent-minded politician, was introduced to Dibbs on the way down the harbour to the early closing picnic, r Dibbs ' ! said the Labourite puzmngly. r Dibbs! the name's familiar'. Then suddenly recollecting 'Oh yesJIreraem fber. Damchicago Dibbs. How are you ?' f Sometimes our useful contemporary, the \ Courier lets the cat out -»f the bag. For instance when it said, 'Then it rakes up the ashes of past disputes between the fjfo vcrametit ana the bush workers. '-It,^4n- Jhis case means the Worker, which has always maintained that the Government wa* at the bottom of the great disputes. And now the Cwirirr, i\m Goveiuttttjut mouthpiece, unwittingly confirms the state ment. \- Pmcp was the only Australiaw-Pretnier absent ^ro:u the Earry- Cloaitig1 eelebratioBT in Sydney on Foundation Day. Ttw^s a treat, writes the Worker's correspondent, to hear Premier Lyne of New ^outh Wales and Holder of South Australia referring to. the overworked shop assistants as '* white slaves, jiartly emancipated by Early Closing legislation.' Such a display of htimantty would have frightened Philp. No wonder he stayed away. Ocr German, Danish, and Scandinavian brethren should remember that absolute freedom of thought and speech is one of the first principles of the Labour Party. If a Labour Government were iti power they would have been allowed this privilege instead of being set upon and hounded down. English, German, and Danish Social Detnoefats are hand in hand with each other in their opposition to the present deplorable struggle. Judge Higinbotham, like the sturdy Democrat that,., he was, once refused the jjositigji of Lieutenant-Groveraor of Vic toria, because, to use his own words, . Each governor during the term of his gover norship, receives from month to month, monthly instructions from the Government of Great Britain. Every month a Governor has to send home something Jike^,diaiyjaf4iis4aUy^olit4eaJ life. He has to send home to his master au account of the most minute acts that he does in connection with the political affairs of this country, and he receives monthly a series of instructions and advices, admoritions and approvals or disapprovals. Higiubotham declined to submit to this_ kind of thing because he believed it to be inconsistent with the system of responsible government. _ - Lieutenant Governor Griffith told »the Australian Natives last week that : He was quite certain that when this unfortu nate war in. South Africa was over one result would_be that Australia would have a new spirit — he would not Pay an Imperial spirit— but a- new spirit of independence —a feeling that it was no longer a remote place in the outskirts of the world,' but that it had taken its part in the great inarch of events, and had shown that it contained sons who were fit to take their share in making the history of the world. ' Applause followed this cautious and far seeing statement, which can be taken as a verbal wet blanket thrown at such rabid imperialists as Philp, Dickson, and Glassey, ana others.- ' 