Retimed Soldier. Sergeant Johnson Speaks Denial of Hospital Neglect. Although statements made bythe returning Queensland soldiers to interviewers in Mel bourne and Sydney havo becu published in this journal, it was thought tlmfc much addi tional information might bo elicited which would ho of interest here. For this reason it wu» that a representative of the Telegraph nought out Sorgeant Johnson, the invalided Qneenslander, who received so hearty a welcome home on Wednesday night. It may at first sight appear soroawhat incon gruous that the subjootof immigration ehould hero bo introduced, bnt on second thoughts it will be generally admitted to be not go very inappropriate. Many advocates of State- aided immigration hold up the Scandinavian peoples as likely to furafoh most suit able oolonistn, and Sergeant Johnson is a living illustration of tho thorough ness with which ' tho ' Northmen " identify themselves with . their adopted country . For . John Peter Johnson,' to give , him his name in full, is a native of Denmark, and was well into manhood when he donided ' to come to Queensland. Ho has now resided in bia adopted couutry for 22 years, during the greater port of -wh ioh he has followed his trade as a builder. A very short emi- versation with Sergeaot Johnson suffices to convince oiie that he is possessed of moro timn averago intoQigence. That ho . is a "nmu of irts," too, is evidonced by his success in many varied undertakings. He is en uccompliehcd linguist, speaking several European tongues with fiuoncy. The soldier's instinct is strong within him, aud thougli before the pre-eut campaign ho had not been through his baptism of fire he htm been nnder military training during tho greater portion of his life. 'When a boy of 14 bo entered the Danish artillery as a cadet, aud remained imthe ser vice for 12 years, being a non-commissioned officer for the last eight of those yems. For this he received a long service medal, which he still wears. After comtqg to Queensland he joined tho Field Artillery, and dnring the whole of his 23 years as a colonist has been iu the Defence Force. For some time he was stuff orderly to Eif ntcnant-colunol Bhixland, the then commandant, uud "subuequentiy was orderly to Sir Arthur Palmer, when Lieu tenant-Governor of Queensland. He has also been connected with the ilnrine Defence .Force, having a low jetirs<ugo, at the request '.of Captain Walton Drake, R.N., undertaken the formation of a Naval Brigade at ThurS' day island, in which ho was tho first potty officer und iiwtructor. He continued to act as instructor until the corps was disbanded, his qualification for this work having been partially derived from his employment on pilot steamers at Maryborough and elsewhere. Wben volunteers for South Africa were first called for Johnson was in Mackay, and was unable to get to Brisbane in time for the contingent which left nnder Lieute'naut- colonel Hieardpi On coming to Brisbane about that time he joined No. 1 Field Buttery, under Major Hoghton, and almost imme diately after, whon the second con tingent was decided' upon, . he offered himself, and was aceopted. Of the. voyage in the steamer Maori King nothing need be said. As has already been men tioned, Johnson enlisted as a private, and as a matter of fact remained in the ranks until the time of Ins being invalided bank .to Australia. Ono remarkable inofc about bis doings iu South Africa is that daring the wbofe of his campaigning ho was only with the Queanshmdors for a few days. After landing. at Capetown ho uoroinpnmed the second contingent to the .Modder River, and with nine other men, under Corporal Foweli, was left behind thero in charge of the transport.". ; Shortly after orders were received that the transport waggons. .were to he svnt on to Kimbevley. Jonnson; and his companions were attached to tho 12th Lan cers. und did duty as scouts during the march to Kimborley. They reached Kimberloy after the relief "had been accomplished, bat were in tirao to see the ceremony iu connection with the disbanding of the famous Town Guaid. It was whije scouting 8 miles from Kimborley that John son mot with tiie accident which led ultimately to his being sent home an invalid. HiB-horsc, which was thoroughly knocked up, suddenly fell, and before he bad time to get clear fell upon him and pinned him to the ground, keeping him in that position for over half an hour. Whon the column came up he was extricated from that position, and although feeling very stiff was able to ride into Kimberloy. On reaching the town, ho found that wliieu dismounted he was unable to stand up. He was taken to the camp hospital, but after a few days treat ment was discharged as fit for service. - He rejoined the cavalry, and wus, with them, entrained to the Naauwpoort oentral military camp. There thoy tank charge of between 800 and 900 Argentine horaea, intended as remounts for the troops at the front, and with them proceeded by easy day marches to Bloemfontein. On tboir arrival, there the whole of tho horses were handed over to the Imperial forces, after which Johnson and his comrades were ordered . to rejoiu the QuoeneJunders, who were then encamped at Springfield, about 6 miles from Bloemfontein. After some delay the Qoeens- landcra were provided with tho remounts they needed, and it was then tliat tho whole of the Australians in that part of the country were brigaded under tfajor-genoral Hutton. "John- eon was present at the inspection of tho brigade when Jrt a jor-general Hutton strongly cen sured Lieuteo-.mt- eolouel Bicarda, the officer commanding, for not having seen that ' the men were supplied with necessary clothiug. Colonel Ricardo made too excuse that the transport with the kits had gone astray, and that lie did not know whorb it was, bnt the general replied that it was the colonel's duty . to know the whereabouts of the transport, " and to eeo that tho men were proply supplied. The men. suffered severely in the bitterly cold \- nights, and it was berauso of tho lack of warm clorhing that so many were attacked by diarrhoea, dysentery, nnd fever. The food allow an ce 'wo# nl«u very scanty, the men for over a week being compelled to live on a biscuit and a-lmlf each ana a small allowance of ' bully " beef per day. Corporal Foweli was sent to look for the ''transport, and after Mvcral days/ searching found it at Do Aar. A general issno of olothing and stores was made on April 25. While at Springfield Johnson fell side, the exposure having aggravated the epitial trouble whioh had resulted from his previous accident. Ho was sent to the No. 8 general hospital at Bloem fontein 011 April 27, and ttbont a woek later \- was sent by train to Wyrtberg, about 0 miles from Capetown. He received the kindest possible treatment in the hospital at Bloem fontein, and when be was removed . was sent iu a proper ambulance train, in wbieh ho was able to lie down '.comfortably .all the way. The only complaint whioh could bo made concerning that jonrnoy was in rarard to the inadeaunov of- the food supplied. Fortunately ho and others had been paid before leaving Bloem fontein, and were , able to purchase some . " extras," bnt Iodov prices bna to be paid for thctu. The food that was given thein eon- tinted o.f dry bifeuiis and " bully" beef with tea or coffee, and it need hardly bo said that was hardly a suitable dietary for invalids. At Wynberg the invalids received every kindness ana attention. They were" accommo dated in large marquees, nieely floored, and were made comfortable in proper hospital beds, uith good mattresses, sheets, pillows, monquito nets, tind everytiiing /, else that '"was necessary. During the fort night he wus thero Johnson, not beiug com pelled to keep to his bed, was uhlo to do duty as clerk in the hospital orderly room, He was thenob sont in tan umbnlanoe waggon to the niilway station, and took the train to Oape- . town, everything being done to.convey him in comfort to tho steamer AostralaHiuh. The staerage berths on board the steamer being all taken up, Sergeant Johnson was accom modated in a saloon cabin whioh he slmred wit!) Private Krnger, the West Australian V.O. mailt - and Private Botbamley, of the Queensland Mounted Infantry. Before they left Oapctdwu the invalids received a parcti of clothing, .sent on board by the Rod Cross Society, and these wern distributed as fairly as possible. Kverythiug that could ho dono to ensuro their comfort on the voyage was done, and Sergeant Johnson Koaks moat gratofoUy of tho kmdnoes el \ A . ;-r- >v 'Captain Wall, of Now South Wales, who was iu oliorgo of tho Australian invalids. Sergeant Johnson's experience of tho hospitals ai Bloemfontein and Wynberg hap . been such that ho can poly speak of his treatment with tho 'deepest gratitude. Ho states that osia matter of course ho did not get eveiythmg he would have liked, hnt ho never ex pected to do so. He indignantlr dew nics tho trnfh of the assertions which have been made as to neglect on tho part of thoAo ' in charge of tho Bloemfontein hospitals. At the same time he considers that thero certainly was ground for complaint at tbo manner in which the iwvtfiidcd Austrai ians who wore iu the Maitland hospital , were aliowodtofind their way to tho steamer as best thoy oould. That was oortaiuly due to acnndolons neglect on the port of someone in authority. Sergeant Johnson states that now he , has returned he hopes to rejoin the No. 1 Field Battery. 