TKADE AND;FmiNCE..' r Saturday Afternoon. ; The local money mnrlcot is again without ippreciauie change. .Wool busmenR) during the week has .increased, and Slrondon ex change rates nre well ; maintained/. while other produce bills. are also nucring .mora freely owing to the- increasing shipments 1 The larger -wheat crops-how promised 'in'the three principal: wheat growing colonies will doubtless tend to increase this class of busi ness in the early months of .1901, and the hanks should profit considerably thereby. The demand for money is moderate, but not ajtive, and discount and deposit, rates re main unnltored:. ' Rates/ and ..allowances Quoted by the banks .are as follow:— . .. L0KD0N K.YCHANCE, FIXED 1Mb OCTOBER; Baying. ' « < Selling.' - ' 5/ p.c. discount On demand .. 20/ p.c. premium 10/ p.c. discount 30 day, .. ,.15/ p.c. premium I5f p.c. discount 00 days — .. 10/ , p.c. premiym H/Cp.c, discount 00 days 7/Q p.e.'premlum Tclcsraphic. transfers, 27/0. '. ' V DEPOSITS. \ The lionk of Australasia, the Union Bank of Aus. tniii Limited and the Bank of New South Wales dlow 51 per cent., for 12 montlis' deposits. The pt of the hanks, except the .Royal Bank of Aus- iriiia Limited, allow 3 per cent., . nttd for two r.'ars SJ per cent, interest, payable half yearly." The latter s rates are:— For 12 months, 31 per cent.; I months, 2J per cent. ; nnd current account! Imontldy balance over £100), 2 per cent. Other hanks nre allowing 11 per cent, for deposits for six nonths. , ADVANCES. The diseonnt rate is 5 per cent, for trade paper. Tnc overdraft rate Is variously quoted, and no definite basis con bo given. The desire to reduce the cost of handling in oversea transit of goods as far as is prac ticable naturally suggests the extension of flic ports to which direct shipments of our produce can be made. At present London absorbs the bulk of the trade in perishable products, and though efforts are being made 10 direct a portion to Liverpool and Man- .liester, so as to meet the requirements of iho north- western counties, a good deal still, remains to bo done before export business' tan be regarded as in the best position to meet its ever increasing demands. It is satisfactory to learn that both Bristol nnd Glasgow will shortly be added to the ports. 11 the United Kingdom to which direct' steamer shipments of our produce can be' made. Eotli of these centres possess an ample supply of cold storage accommoda tion, which will be available to meet the requirements of shippers or consignees. The annual report on the Federated Malay States, by Sir F. A. Swettenham, K.C.M.G., the Resident-General, usually has some in teresting information regarding the progress of the tin and o'tlipr industries there. The authority referred to' writes:— ; Writing 12 months nco of the rise in the price of fin. which bcean in July, 1608. I raid it would con- ""I- 38 coatmuod, .and in. at this moment a!l" „ figure winch means consider- able profit to winers and a largo revenue to tiie Government. The export duty on tin ' follows a siidinc scale, so that when the prioc of the metal is inch the duty increases, .and when It. Is low the FT/m'S 'd,ut-v t0 . value. , Is a . .good deal .less. In ISiP the duty received amounted to 0,t81,l>42 dol„ allhough the quantity "of tin' exported fell from 665,616 pfeuls In JSDS ' to"-ftl4,34£> pieuls— that is lossy, roughly, from 30,032 tons to 38,351 tons, This decrenso in production (which helps to keen up the price of tlie metal) is duo entirely to want ol labor. During tho year under review, eight !icmp3iiiP3. wltli a total paid up-capital of ncarlv 1.600,000 do ,, were formed to mine tin or gold in one or other of the Federated States) 'Tho most popu.ar method of mining -alluvial ' tin on" laroe scale is Xy Bluicinp th?! frround .with a' powerful stream of .waters init a.numTwr of .companies have been foroicd to dredge our .rivers for cither gold X tm'- JKr 1 - tow carefully watch the operations of Utoso engaged in these enterprises 0 see that the interests of the Government and Uie public are properly protected. The results of pokl wining in Pahang did not answer expecta tions, and .it several of the mines work was nracti- rally stopped. Some new companies have, how- wr, hron tarmed, and I confidently anticipate that this (1900) and succeeding years will show an improvement, and a gradually increasing produc tion of gold. ' ..-v.. :. The scarcity of. labor/is so great .that the Ecsiflcnt-General. stttj', it is:,,the Jnipst importarit'-questionr.ofuthe1 yean under,, tc- vicw, arifl,fbpthei jteent -"moment: 1 -'The1 Ecaroity of Chinese and Indian labor is now so great that not only is it necessary to pay double and sometimes treble the wages cur rent a few years ago, but the scarcity has fan so great that the most important works— railways, irrigation, roads, Ac.— live been very seriously delayed. He con tinues: — Ike Government lias done everrtlilng in its power torellere the situation. y Wo -have arranged: for. crrct steam rnujw.uu/iation wrportv 'endrtfHnMataylStatos.lhndhbefaawpraJ mi.«i a subsidy of-5 do!, a head for every CiiiSese 1 mhor "via ? 1,y tb,s racans— UP to a certain number and for a term of. years. We have a wnswhat similar arrangement for the introduction cf Indian labor; and, though the Government has pine into the market with other employers, and eujIc every effort to obtain recruits from Southern India on terms most favorable to the immigrants, we have met with very little success. We are now intlie position of offering free passages, very high" wages, quarters, medical attendance and perfectly reasonable work in,.a climate, similar to that of their own homes, but wo, cannot' induce the sur plus laboring - p'ripujat Ion' of 'Iridia1; to leave theiri over-populftted' lan"d,'fora)ilWky:,iife1fflifd pffifty! in the Malay Pom)K«ta|.i : WC ioiildgpif tprofifable rmployment. to 'thousands' at this :momcnt;.-and to1 thew who care to settle hero, as numbers, of their Hmipatriots have already .done,, we could aire land on wry easy t«pna,,,Jg<$;#K«iot ast tor, .much" . assistance; it is only, for, freedom to rcemit, with- «ot hindrance from the professional' recruiters who rare hitherto monopolised the' husiness, nnd for the sympathy of tho Indian 'Government through its officers stationed in tho recruiting districts. For the last quarter of a century the protected Malay States have o tiered, well-paid work, foot! and comfortable homes, to those ready .to take ad- raniape of the offer. It is certainly rather curious that while the Chinese have come in hundreds "of thousands, .without any special protective legisla tion, the poor of 'Tintish. India seerii ' to "prefer star- ration at-'bome. vAuiari liii '.on o ov , In a\iistfnliia'and"pjthcrlcpuptne81''liiersiis a; renerai desire to, prevent an. influx of alien labor, which is said to threaten.' Yet the; above shows that neither the Indian nor the' Chinese are willing to take up -what is said to be congenial employment at a high rate ot wage in the federated Malay. States, and a premium on their , importation 'haa to be offered. The greater part of the tin supply of the svoiid comes from the centres mention- t(l. and the industry- is /almost 'wholly con trolled by Chinese individuals or syndi cates. ' The opponents to; the system of trade ooupons or stamps are always 'being assail-, ft with statistics more or less inaccurate in' reference to its extension in other countries." According td t'he London "Grocer," which probably ' represents more retailers than any other trade' journal the system is get ting into disrepute in Great Britain. . This journal states:— . . The trading stamp disease has broken out lately: In one or two fresh places, -after running its course important towns. It is curious that traders inould be ready to admit a fresh participator into tneir narrow, profits in.thiB manner, even after the ernosures in such places as Birmingham and else where, where forfeits have' been paid in order to Oome. In America- several States have- declared eainst the system as illegal, and the State of New lors has passed a special law prohibiting the use ol these so-called "stamps." In the State of; Maine similar prohibitive legislation is talked of, hut the "New England Grocer" declares the wretched system is falling of its own weight, even the customers having ceased to ask for stamps. Of conreo. the so-called "stamps" arc merely a form- w the familiar coupon, with the additional objec tion of admitting a third party into the business— J Party independent of both manufacturer and re- i r J. , c couPon system itself ought to be on' IB last legs. We observe that the agitation against u in the grocere' associations has had influence. Just as it is dropping out in other coun tries, so will.it be affected here as soon.' as the mania which usually exists for any- 'lung new wears off. Advices from Roubaix-Tourcoing record an improved feeling in that important wool centre, with a" general anticipation of a complete reversion to normal conditions at an early date. "Burnt bairns fear fire" »nd it is' believed that gambling in. wool . futures is a custom likely to be far .more nidely honored by its breach than its obser- ' vance for some long time to come, whether new legal restrictions - be imposed or not. ' .An indication, of vtbc ' Practice is revealed in 'the figures of last; month's transactions, which represent only 2,030,000 kilos.,' including 450,000 kilos.) "switching operations." , On the other' hand' «riin advices ..say .that something -very, like a. crisis is said to be' apparent through-' oat the German wool industry,- mid trade, and serious losses nre said 'to have been' made, noticeably in tiie -wool.. combing branch, some ; of the companies en- Peed ' in ' which " have /' declared large .dividends in. ..-.quite -recent /years.: One leading firm is mentioned ?'in ' which the - whole, of -the reserves, have i been shown -to be required merely to cover i Jhe depreciation of the material indicated ' by a recent, stock taking at to-days:prices. - ' There appears - to have been' a- Blight ijd- '; cline in the prices of .commodities ' during i September, .according to Miv.SauerbcckV index number Jor that 'month, . which , is; 75J), against 70 inVAtigust arid .76.2 ,m July. r The mean "level of prices; ho wever, > is stiU much above the annual average of each of' the past five years, and substantially above itfaatof-Septemberlast ye»r.,"Mr. Sauerbeck points out that among raw textile matelHsIs .qptton.ikdyanded , greatly- last - month, as everyone, knows,, but there was a. slight : further ' -giving . way n» the; prices of -wool and silk; AVool, silk and" hemp ire," vin-' deed; very much cheaper than they were 'nine months ago,- .The Agricultural department of the 'Dominion of - Canada has .taken up the ex- Bbrt' fruit trade it? its usual thorough man-: ner. and already its- success appears to' be secuycd. Our mail advices to hand state that the special consignment of Canadian pears, peaches and apples which has just arrived by .the steamer Manchester Commerce seems to inark a step towards the improvement, of the transport of perishable products. A new system of refrigerating chambers was intro duced ,ih 'the season of 1897 by the Hon. Sydney Fishery Minister of Agriculture" for Canada, but it .was not perfect, and the fruit suffered more or less on the journey. Now, however, improvements in grading,, "pack ing, and the regulation 'of the temperature have been itaade, and the result seems' de cidedly satisfactory. It only remains to be seen whether the prices realised will be suffi ciently good to yield a profit before con gratulating the Canadian growers on having found a new outlet for their products. Our department of Agriculture should put itself, it might be suggested, into communication with the Canadian officials, and obtain a full report, not only of -results, but of the Bystem n'dopted to'.regulntc the temperature in transit, as this .it is well known is the great- point. Ab our shippers' season is so close at hand the cable should be used so os to obtain prompt information regarding this point, and the use of the "dry air" sys tem adopted in the above instance. As to what Canada has done in connec tion with its export of perishable produce, the official report adverting to the work of tiie year 1899 says there has been a great increase over 1898, which is explained as follow:— .Dnriiic 1838 there were 23 steamors umier subsidy contract of agreement with tho Canadian Government to provide cold storage service for the cnrrylnit over of butter, chccse, eggs, fruits snd other perishable products to British ports, since the present summer season has opened a number of ships have been added to the regular Canadian lines, the capacities \- of some of tbe- old ships have boon increased, two or thrra new regular lines have liecn cstahUslicd. and tiie number of "tramps" has grown. From Liver pool alone there have been six additional saltings a mantlt to Canadian ports since January. Tho subsidy system has been cxtonded. This system may he divi ded into three classes— (1) for. the mails. (21 for cold storage service, nnd (3) for miscellaneous cargo, in some cases the Dominion subsidies are supplemented by the Maritime Provinces. The. United States consul at Liverpool, who has hnd tho growth of the Canadian export trade brought under his notice by results at that port, quotes at length from the latest report of the co-operative socie ties. This emphasises the persistent and suc cessful effortB of the Canadian Department of Agriculture to instruct the Dominion farmers in the raising, or growing, or pre paration of supplies for the British market, and also the agreements with railways and steamship companies for applying and per fecting- cold storage methods. He adds that "the "above described system of Government encouragement has becn extended by a money grant for every creamery in which there would be kept in use a refrigerating room according to official plans and specifi cations, : the subsidy being 50 dol. for the first year and 25 dol.'caeh year for two ad ditional years," and quotes at length some of the instructions as to the preparation of various articles. He also describes the ef fectiveness of direction of this system in arguments that might suggest, even to the most important commercial nations, the possihility of some modification of their consular systems. The matter of interest to ourselves is what our Department of, Agri culture is doing for the Victorian pro- duccrs. ', ' '. ' " i Ihe.StettiiLiVulltan is, building two stea- mers-'for the North German Lloyd1 which are expected to break all speed records. The ves sels will be 707 feet long,' will have 38,000 horse power, nnd will make 24 knots per hour. One will bear the name Kaiser Wil- helm II. Mr. J. M. Mare baB been appointed to be representative of the P. and O. Company in Western Australia. : The ground floor offices of prell's-bnild- inga — corner . of Collins «ud. Queen .streets,—. $pf ,bbfjfiWup t\Mel#Wqfl<ib'',i'#')fl-! panics; one- of which is the North -British' Company. . The margin against Australian- butter, when prices ruling for our product are com pared with Danish values in the London rinarkct, again apjicars to be growing. The following is a- comparison of the past four weeks' prices:— Dnnish. Australian. Difference, t - For cwt. Per cwt. - For cwt. 26th October-, ... ,.121'. ..,.107/ ... .15/ 2nd November .. 120/' ' 110/ .. 10/. v ib, oth November-,,,,; 121/ ;; i; 112/;/ 12/ Ifijli , November:; .l/l/, '! .. < 112/ , - ,. 12/ . . Part'of the -increase in 'the 'difference. ..is, doubtless .due to the fact that Danish jbutter is becoming- comparatively scarce; " while: Australian is gradually being more plenti fully supplied, but generally speaking it is evident that the Danish trade is'dirccted in a far superior manner to the Australian, and is. therefore not so much open to the speculative operations and prejudicial tac tics of London firms as our product. The butter market is described as flat by Satur day's; cable; -with plentiful supplies of Eng lish' and Irish makes offering. 