GENERAL NEWS. As soon it became known that Mr. Geo. Hine, of Goodna, was appointed Superin- tendent, and Mrs. Hine, Matron of the Reception House at Maryborough, his fellow-warders at Woogaroo determined that he should take with him some recognition of the esteem in which they held him. The result was that on Thursday evening last a large number of warders, visited Mr. Hine's home, and presented him with an English lever watch and albert (gold). The exterior of the watch bears the initials "G.H.", whilst inside is neatly inscribed "A token of esteem from well-wishers at Woogaroo, after 22 years service 5/6/00." Mr. Edney Richardson, in making the presentation on behalf of all hands, said that the recipient was not to gauge his comrades' appreciation of him by the size of the gift, because the one was quite out of proportion to the other. He was not going to say anything in praise of Mr. Hine, because twenty-two years duty in Woogaroo, plus the fact that 52 fellow- warders had contributed towards the gift, spoke volumes, but he and they all wished him success in his new sphere. Mr. Hine said that in receiving this "memento" from his fellow-warders it was more than he deserved, and he failed to find words to express his deep appreciation of their gift. He had seen great changes in Woogaroo during his 22 years duty there, but what pleased him most was the unanimity of the warders, and he again thanked them for their valuable and valued gift. Mr. Joe. H. Richardson said that he was not only losing a fellow warder, but a downright good neighbour. Messrs. Tom Smith and R. Lamb reiterated the goodwill borne to Mr. Hine. An adjournment was made to the supper room, where the company, after drinking the toast of the evening, "Health to Mr. and Mrs. Hine," duly punished the good things provided by a model hostess. Songs and recitations were rendered by Messrs. Alf Aspinall, R. M'Keon, W. Daye, W. Kobley, and others, whilst "Constanti- nople" caused no end of fun. Among others who ably assisted to secure success to the presentation were Messrs. Jas. Lobban, Tom Farrell (of cricket fame), George Gross, and Alf Thornton. Ten o'clock, and "Auld Lang Syne" closed a pleasant evening. At the Police Court yesterday morning, before E. Morey, Esq , P.M., Hyalmar Mathias Poulsen, Christian Seleus Christen- sen, and Anton Christensen were charged with assault and robbery. The defendants are the three young Danish immigrants who were arrested at Mungarr the previous day, on the complaint of Hans Rasmussen. They are all fine stalwart young men. Inspector O'Driscoll prosecuted, and the evidence given was translated to the defen- dants in their own language by Mr. Htfnsen, who was called in by the police as inter- preter. Constable John Quinlan was tbe first witness called for the prosecution, and deposed : About 9.30 a.m. on the 12th June I saw the defendant Anton Christensen on the railway line between Mungarr and Antigua; Poulsen was with him; asked him if he understood English, and he shook his head ; was in plain clothes at the time, and told him that I was a constable; arrested him on suspicion of assaulting and robbing a man named Hans Rasmussen, between Torbanlea and Colton Junction, on the 11th June. First-class Constable Thomas Burnett, stationed at Torbanlea, deposed ; Saw Rasmussen at the Torbanlea gates about 9 p.m. on the 11th June; he looked stupid, and was bleeding from the moutb ; he had a large swelling on the jaw and another on the top of the head ; there were also fresh blood stains on the front of his shirt ; acting on the information received I prooeeded along the railway line to Maryborough to look for the three defendants ; saw Anton Christen sen and Poulson on the railway line be- tween Mungarr Junction and Antigua; they were going away from Maryborough ; asked Poulson which way they came ; he replied from Bundaberg ; Christian Chris- tensen was walking about 800 yards in front of the other two ; he was carrying a walking-stick in his hand, which was ten- dered for identification ; the identification by Rasmussen took place at the Marybo- rough watch-house ; he identified Christian Christensen as the man who assaulted and robbed him and struck him with a stick ; Rasmussen said the other two were there. At this stage Inspector O'Drisooll asked for a remand for eight days for the production of further evidence, which was granted. The summons case adjourned from the previous day was further adjourned until 11 o'clock to-day. A very pretty wedding was celebrated last Tuesday, 12th inst., at St. Mary's R.C. Church, by the Rev. Father Brady, the contracting parties being Miss O. Butler, eldest daughter of Mr. J. Butler, of Mary- borough, and Mr. W. A. Abbott, traveller for the firm of Hanley Bros. The bride, who was given away by her brother, Mr. J. J. Butler, solicitor, of Childers, looked handsome, and wore a cream figured silk costume, trimmed with lace and festoons of orange blossoms, the bodice having a yoke of cream chiffon, and she wore a beautifully embroidered veil, with coronet of orange blossoms. The bride also wore a gold muff chain and bracelet, and carried a beautiful shower bouquet, the gifts of the bridegroom. The bridesmaids were Miss F. Butler and Miss L. Abbott, pink and pale blue dresses, with tucked cream silk yokes, and looked very nice. They wore cream velvet picture hats and beautiful gold brooches, and carried bouquets, the gifts of the bridegroom. The bridegroom was supported by Mr. Ted O'Regan as best man. After the ceremony the bridal party adjourned to the residence of the hride's parents, where the wedding breakfast was partaken of, after which the newly-wedded pair proceeded to Pialba, where the honeymoon will be spent. The bride's travelling dress was of blue poplin, with yoke and vest of white silk, with hat to matoh. In the evening a number of young people were entertained by the parents of the bride at an evening, when a most enjoyable time was spent, the party dispersing in the small hours of the morn- ing. Amongst the presents, which were both numerous and handsome, were from father of the bride, cheque ; mother of the bride, house and table linen, etc. ; Mr. J. J. Butler (Childers), cheque ; Mr. W. Butler (Melbourne), silver teapot; Misses N. and F. Butler, silver butter dish and hand painted mirrors ; Mr. E. F. Hanley, silver butter dish; Mr. J. Barbeler, breakfast cruet; Mr. F. Ward, jam dish; Mr. F. Hanley, honey jar; Mr. H. H. Martin, silver butter knives ; Mr. N. Negus, pair silver salts and spoons ; Mr. J. Abbott (Gympie), pickle jar and fork ; Mrs., Miss, and Mr. E. Aitkin, silver jam spoon and knife and tray; Mr. and Mrs. Murray (Mungarr), silver dinner cruet and lamp, etc., and others too numerous to mention. FLANNELETTE.–This most serviceable, and ever-in-demand material; is well repre- sented in the Stock of Finney, Isles & Co. The Quality, Freshness, and Prices keep it constantly flowing out and in their warehouse, and another consignment is being put forward. White Shirts, one, two, or three stud holes, B.B. or O.F. ; a splendid range ; ex- cellent value. Just received from manu- facturers by G. Stupart. The annual effort of the Ladies Sewing Class, connected with the Congregational Church, in aid of the general fund of the church, was opened in the Temperance Hall last night, in the way of a C.C.C.C. Fair, which means the "Cosey- cushion-cake-clothing Fair." There was a good attendance, and the time was pleasantly spent in listening to the musical programme or making purchases at the different stalls. Mr. H. Wilson acted as president of the proceedings, and the Rev. Milne took a prominent part in the pro- gramme. The different stalls were all well stocked at the outset, but were very bare at the close, a proof of the good business done by the stall holders. The Clothing stall was presided over by Mesdames Morgan, Cross, and the Misses Kirk and Wroe. The Fancy stall was in charge of the Misses Harland (2) and Frost. The Refreshment stall was in great demand, and contained all the delicacies of the season. Mesdames Luhr, Davis, and Crump were in charge. A produce stall was run by the Misses March, M. and N. Jones, and Mr. H. Cartwright, and the proceeds will go towards purchasing an organ for the branch Sunday School at Tinana. Great interest was displayed in the prize competition, and the winners were — Dolls (1st class), Miss A. Jones ; 2nd class, Miss Maggie Van Cooten ; pincushion, Ethel Abraham ; Victorian sandwich, Mrs. Cross. Mrs. Abraham carried off the prizes for scones, sponge cake, and pound cake. Mrs. Luhr got the prize for rainbow cake. The contributors to the musical programme were— Mrs. J. Reid, the Misses Morgan (3), Reaney, Harland, Messrs. J. Cross, F. Stollznow, H. and S. Whitaker, and H. Popp. The Fair will be opened again this afternoon and evening. The promoters of St. Stephen's organ recital and sacred concert had the satisfac- tion of seeing the church crowded last night, and the splendid patronage seemed to infuse much spirit and brightness into the singing. The programme arranged for the occasion was a very pleasant one, and evidently much enjoyed. The choir was in good form, and did really good work, under Mr. E. R. Woodrow's, direction. The opening anthem, "Like as a father," was rendered with power and expression, but the second anthem, "The Radiant Morn," was an even finer effort, and delighted the audience. The concluding anthem, "I am Alpha and Omega," was also well rendered, with much vigour. The unaccompanied quartette, "God is a Spirit," was charmingly sung by Mrs. E. R. Woodrow, Miss Groundwater, Messrs. Thomson and Woodrow. Of the vocal solos, Miss Groundwater sang "Cal- vary" with great feeling and sweetness ; and Miss Thomson gave "Life's Lullaby" very pleasingly. Miss Janet Murray sang "A Song of Sleep" very nicely. Mr. E. R. Woodrow had a very popular reception, and sang "It is enough" in his best style. Mr. A. Blue was heard to advantage in "Absalom." Mr. G. M'Ghie did justice to "Beloved, it is morn." The two organ pieces by Mr. A. R. Consterdine were features of the programme, and were finely executed, the first being Grison's "Com- munion in F," and the second, Lemmon's notable piece, "The Storm," which the player handled very capably. A meeting was held at Esk on Monday to arrange for the visit of the Railway Commission, and according to the Esk correspondent of the Ipswich Times there was a lack of unanimity. "Mr. Smith thought it would be much better if the gentlemen wishing to give evidence would express their views at the meeting and com- pare notes, as otherwise what one would say another would contradict. Mr. Broad understood that the meeting had been called in order that they (the residents of Esk) could bring forward their arguments to show to the Commission that it would be wrong, not only to Esk, but to the Govern- ment, to spend money to extend the line to, or part of the way to Nanango. The Chairman : No ; that's altogether wrong. The meeting was called together not to oppose the line, but merely to let the people know that they could give their evidence on Monday. Some might be in favour of the extension, and some against it. Mr. A. T. Peters said he could tell the Commission a little about the deep gorges between Esk and Nanango. (Laughter.) A meeting of the Red Cross Ball Com- mittee was held yesterday afternoon. Mr. E. Morey presided, and there were also present Mesdames R. S. Warry, F. E. Smith, W. S. Sim, P. Fairlie, W. J. M'Donald, O'Connor, T. T. Stuckey, Miss Foster, Messrs. A. T. Parrott, and F. E. Smith. Apologies were received from Mes- dames Blanchard, S. Ross, W. C. Harvey, and Mr. J . Fairlie. Owing to the shortness of the notice in convening the meeting, it was decided to adjourn until Tuesday after- noon next, when a very much larger attend- ance is expected. The Benevolent Society's benefit ball takes place in the Oddfellows' Hall to- night, with every prospect of being a great success. The ladies of the Society, who have not spared themselves in the preparation, have arranged to entertain a large company of dancers, and there is every reason to expect that they will not be disappointed. Good music, and an abundance of refreshments have been provided, and a most enjoyable time should be spent. To-morrow night there will be a children's dance. A fair number of Maryborough citizens proceeded to Biggenden yesterday, and a large party is expected to leave by the early train this morning to attend the Biggenden Show, which takes place to-day. The Home Secretary and a considerable party from Brisbane are also expected to attend, and Mr. Foxton will open the show. The Maryborough visitors will return home by to-night's train. The weekly Small Debts Court was held yesterday, before E. Morey, Esq., P.M. G. Stuckey and Sons v. John Cox, senr., goods sold and money lent, £6 6s. 11d. ; verdict for plaintiff firm, with 12s. 6d. costs of Court and £1 1s. professional costs. Mr. Sheldon appeared for the plaintiffs. Two other cases were settled and one adjourned. Bell's Waxworks and Variety Show in the Town Hall drew another good house last night, when the programme of the previous night was repeated. To-night there will be an entire change of programme, and the chief attraction announced for to- morrow night is a baby show. The secretary of the Maryborough Jockey Club has received a wire to the effect that Friday, the 22nd instant, second day of Maryborough races, has been proclaimed a public holiday. The golden statue of the "American Girl" exhibit of Colorado at the Paris Ex- hibiton contains enough gold to produce 40,000 sovereigns. If you want a well-cut, up-to-date White Dress Shirt, one, two, or three studs, go to G. Stupart. Just opened, a magnificent range, all sizes ; also newest things in Collars, Scarves, and Bows. "Absent Minded Beggar"! — Music by Arthur Sullivan. At Thos. Miller & Co.'s, Kent street For Bronchial Coughs take Woods Great Peppermint Cure. 1s. 6d. 