ITEMS OF DOTKESR iy Ras®tas;..a£teT -dentil,.-seek W pose-in grass coffins. . The-average duration of fihe -reign-of iang Ifeh monarohs for the iast 600 years has been 21 yeaM. . • \- -An ■ old jug fetched £I35.a±- a- .Iiondoa auction, it was of mottled brown stxme ware, and bore the date 1566. A mahogany coffin, with. gold monogram on lid, and elaborately chased with gold and silver, is a pledge m the .windows of a Cardiff pawnbroker. ' . An electrical horsewhip gives-the animal a. shock instead of a cut. A snail battery is embedded in' the celluloid' handle, and this is controlled by a push-button. It is estimated that of the 555,000,00(1 ft. of logs cut in the Maine forests during the past season 225,060.000 ft.' will be-sent-to the pulp mills for paper-making instead of to the sawmills. . Few houses in Uruguay axepiwided with stoves for 'heating purposes. No ehimnej'3 or tiropi* es are found as a .rule, one house recently built at a cost-of £2,SQ0 having 'for its only Chimney a stovepipe from the kitchen, 'While-at sea the coal bill of a big ocean liner is over £300 a day. For food, and other i.tems of outfitting there is paid out £150,000 every' year. The cost of over hauling' tlie ship in 'preparation for" each voyage is not 'less -than £200. The most widely separated points be tween which a telegram can fee sent are British Columbia dud New Zealand. A tele gram sent from one to the other would, make nearly a • circuit of ■ -the globe, and' would traverse over 20,000 nnies an. doing so. Most men will agree that itds a.fact that a razor worked overtime does actually, get tired, if not sulky. A razor, like a pipe, requires rest, and if it does not get a rest, though it may stiff be keen, it goes on strike, and nothing" will induce it to -per forin its accustomed labor with credit. In Naples there exists a race of cats which live in the churches. They are kept and- fed by the authorities on purpose ,io catch the mice which infest all old buildings there. The animals may art en, be seen walking about among the congregation or sitting gravely before .the altar dining mass. • - ' The-Czar of Russia has far fewer subjects than the Queen. 'The British Empire is, rouglily estimated, 0,000,000 square miles, with 350,000,000 inhabitants. The entire population of Russia in 'Europe-and Siberia is just .under 135,000,000, distributed over 8,500,000 square males. Russia and England • own between- them one-third of the whole land surface of the inhabited worid. The question of domestic service-in-China is by far an easier problem than in many other countries. In Ohrnaa rich man gets as many servants as ne wants, and yet he pays them no wages, while the common people have -to pay them well. Even, then they are hard to get, for -the reason that the employe of the rich man. can make more than triple the ordinary wages in perquisites. "" " When wounded in battle horses are at tended to us soon as possible. A vetennaryj officer with assistants foHows eiose on the Inditing line, and those animals with only, slight injuries are collected together and; sent to the veterinary hospitals estabhahel at the fixed camps. Those very badly, wounded are shod. Horses killed m battle are either buried or burned, according to the climate. More than 10,000 dogs are tx^uted every year in the Eoyai Veterinary Hospffal ot Win. At -the bead of tie bosptel are famous scientists, -while the positions ot nurses axe filled by students who consider it a priv-aege to, work ' tian. Anv-persori;-who- has-an -ailing dog can -take the animal to the 'hospital, wtere it will 'be examined and tested at a -cast c*t a few pence a day. The honor of building a temple without the sound of hamimer 'has hitherto beea herd by Solomon, but the architect. wtao designed the vitrified day - church on Chicago competes pretty closely with the learned king. There is imtan. inch of luffi ber <xr-a nail m the whole Structure, line entire ceiling is:of brick and tile vaiuting, tike key-stoiKS 'bdngtrf terracotta, .and toe ribs of the arches and groins of moulded bl\'ne-w disease-has been added in-the list of" more than 2,000 to which nmnkimLis liable; this is mountain toothache. . the workmen employed on the railway up the Jungfrau, in Switzerland, who have to live at an altitude of 10,000 ft., --have been "Teatly afflicted, .with tobthadm. and "gum boils.- The malady resembles a fever in its course, tire crisis occurring o '• but tlie disease does not ^ effects. " One of the heaviest insured men in the world is -Mr. F."H. Teavey, who has re cently 'taken out a -policy ar„£200,OQO- wuth an American company. For this he pays an annual premium of £9,670 for the rest of his days. With one exception this is the largest pokey ever issued by a single office. " This solitary exception was a policy, of like amount 'written upon the Me « ,Mr. O. W. Vanderbilt, -who pays only £/,00u premium. _ . • In 150 years of mining operations Brazil has yielded about £20,000,000 worth. ot gems, a total output whifh-is-equalled-every six or seven veaxs bv the product of the ixim berley mines. The African diamonds lire commonly admitted to be less beautafut than those from Brazil, but their total sale already exceeds by* millions the value ot air "•ems Brazil has produced, though. African diamond-mining has been-earried on only about 30 years. " Twenty-five pounds for a straw hat! That is the figure at which a Panama hand-; woven straw, aft present being exhibited m; the window of a wdi-knctvHi baiter in-Ton- j don, is valued. The planting is so very fin-?:' in ffihese ha'ts Ithai it occupies an India ;; nine months to complete ihe requisite: length for one hat. On account of the se vere strain placed upon las eyes he is only; able to work one hour per day at it. _ihe plaiting more resembles silk weaving than, straw work. _ . . A 'builder in New York State has just put up a block of fiasts, in-which the only arrangements for cooking axe supplied by electricity. The kitchen furniture consists merely of three round platters, or so-called' stoves, an oven, and a broiler, which are placed on an 'ordinary kitdhen table. When the cooking 'is finished they can be put in; a convenient cupboard. Not only is space saved, but the room can be utilised for ! other-purposes, and in summer the servants are root overheated. In Luxembourg the practice of planting fruit-trees along the public roads is exten sively carried out, 'the principal being, apples, pears, -plums, and cherries. It was. started in 1870, and there are aw 12,303, trees. Before the fruit is quite ripe it is; sold by auction. During the first 20 years* this undertaking was -unprofitable, but from 1891 it began to pav, when the crop was, sold for £160, whilst last year the sale price was something approaching £2,000,, or an income of about 3/ a tree. Mr. M_ G-. Mhlhall says there is no rea son to fear overcrowding on this globe fori* many centuries. The area of the unheal: States, ■ excluding Alaska,-ia just 3,000,(W0 ^ square miles; --the average density of the. New England Stales is 71 inhabitants to| the square mile, so-that it may be samthahi the Union could easily support 210,TOO ,000, ■ or -three-times its present population. Mean- • Thue other vast fields are opening to mvixe immigrants. Chnada, BiazS, Danish Ame rica, and Australia are each, of them larger than the United States. Each of themi could find room for 200,000,000 settlers. One result of the danese outbreak, so far: as Krmingjham is concerned, is that tlhfv manufacture of OhSnese deities is faffing off These rnanufadtoiies turn out gods _crc aJJl sorts and sizes. Some are gods or war,; judging by their stern looks and murderous,' swords, another, with a 'bland, kxofe, is a: gcxli of pda»e; oihers bear_ hideous dcers.i Alt arejfirorou^hly Qhaniese 5n-charactor_anal expression. Ah- enterprising Baxhingmiiv manufacturer is said to be prepared to supply to order all saris of gods at varying prices. You may haaae one as low as -2 10/, or one of superior workmansmpan<f size at graduahedl scales up to £100 on more. ' By order of £he London School Board^ the leathers in. oil its schools have tested# the sight of the children under their care^ The result is that 23.3 percent- were foundi to have defective vision. Those children! were given notices to take to their parents amwuircmg tbat they wer^-suffering fromt. serious defective vasksvaad advised to con* suit an oculist "without delay. In analysing the returns some curious facts are to be noted. In the city only-56/per cent, children have good sight, whereas in Green* wich the percentage is 82. Eyesrgnt would j therefore, seem to be affected by Irving, in thickly- populated areas, as the, eye is not trained to observe objetts"ut a-distance. *. A marriage in the old *fepanese style aj* ways takes plaice in -the-bome .of the briue* groom's parents, except wheatne man: as* sumes-the namoof ica wfe,. the cere* mony* is prformed at the brides home. Tbg main feature of the ceremony proper con sists of a number of cupg ofi Japanese i\wsne, or ^ saki, tog^iresr inf certain "ways.' " The* bride ss "cmvays' served first during the marriage cereammy,. bntj never again v' At the begmniDg <k riie cere< monies thetbride is dressed in but this is chained for a drese, which, she re-* cervaesfromfhe bridccroonispatfbi^a Tho^ young hnslttd also -'(manges.his garb /wheiii! the ceremony has -performed, ind, put* on new gai^o^s, which are the g5ft.aLt% ' 