WAR NOTES. Police-constable Sharp, of the Bl&ok; Foroe, a private io (he let Shropshire, with Lord Metbuen, says ;—» While we were at De Aar, a roan of (he Gordon Highlanders was taken out and allot for cowardice at Modder River; also nine Boers, or rather seven Boers who had fired on the dootora, and two Irishmen who had been captured at Belmont. They were pl&oed; in a row, with their hands tied to a stake, and a | oorapany of the Cornwalls gave them their last " Heecbam," as oar fallows call the bullet. They made the other Boera sea them shot and dig their boles." Oar fight against tlio Boers is serving the purpose of a big object-lesson to the various other nations, who now have an exoellent opportunity of studying the scieooe of mo dern warfare. AJ1 of the powers have two or I three and in some cases more, military agents at the front, sent out for the sole purpose of learning everything that o&n; be learned regard iog the methods and plans adopted by the combatants daring the struggle. Frederick Villiers in a letter about Magera fnnteiu 2—"The Scandinavian in command of the rfo.'rs h«d a bayonet thruBt through his stomach and was dying. Be signed to me that he was thirdly. 1 lifted him up and gave him a oup of condensed milk. A wounded companion lying by his side eaid in very gool Engliah* It's no use to give it him, Bir; it only runs out of the hole io his stomach.' This was true, but still the poor fellow had the sensation of the refreshing draught passing down his throat. It was bis last drink." A second Piper Findiater has been discovered in the person of Sergeant Kenneth M'Leod, who, during the charge of the Gordon High landers at EUndslaagte was etruck by a bullet in the arm and by another in the side, but he continupd to play and to advance with the Gordons. Next bullets came and smashed hie drones, bis chanter, and bis wind-bag, and only then did the gallant piper desist. M'Leod 1b a native of Lewie, and was formerly in the Seaforth Highlanders. * Sir Horaoe Tozer states that the Boer war points to the necessity of every citizen being trained in the use of firearmB, and if effectively done this in his opinion largely dispenses with the necessity for a regular army. A committee of Danish farmers has asked the Princess of Wales to aooept 12,000 boxes of the best Danish butter as a gift to the Bri tish soldiers in 6outb Afrioa. The Prinoess has consented to distribute the batter, and in a telegram acknowledging the gift she says that it has caused her the greatest pleasure, espe> dally as Bhe will be able to say that it is a present from her beloved native country, Acaording to M. Blooh, author of " Modern Warfare," there have been—since 1496 (b.o.) to the year 1861, that is in a cycle of 8357 years—227 years of peaoe, 8130 years of war; in other words, IS years of war for every year of peace Beckoning £6 apiece for the missiles—whioh is a very moderate estimite—the cost of ihe 12,000 shells would be £60,000; and allowing that all the dead were killed by the shells it oost the Boers something over £110 for eaofc British life at Ladysmith; but as disease carried off many the oost was considerably greater. It waB not tboogbt that Mafeking would have been bo long bcleagured. The reason why the garrison can bold oat so long is because Lord Edward Ceoii ordered four times the quantity of stores that was ezpeoted to be re quired. It will doubtless surprise most people to learn, than any soldier of the British Army who is captured by the enemy gets his bay stopped at once. Therefore, the 2,000 English warriors who are now playing football on the racecourse at Pretoria are in no sense of the word wage earners. Writing of his experience In Ladysmith, a correspondent to an English paper says:— Much as liquor appeared to be mUsed by many, the want of cigarettes seemed to be most keenly felt. Smokers of pipes and even of cigars managed to rub along, though many gave up the habit for a time without apparent trouble. But the confirmed cigarette-smoker was in distress. When the properly made article 1 oonld only be obtained with great trouble, many expedients were adopted. Tissue paper was searched for, and when it failed old news papers were need along with Boer tobaooo. Cigarettes sold for 4s a box (a 4d box), and where the famine was severest good cigarettes were sold at 1b eaoh. A burgher in the Pretoria Town Commando dreamt on January 11 that the English had come suddenly upon him. Seizing his Mauser, which lay beside him, he flred a ballet ole&a; through bis foot, which was standing like a small monument at tbe end of him. He woke and placed himself under treatment. A corporal of the B.A.M.C. writes the fol lowing from the Modder Biter:—^At the recent charge of the Guards at the battle of Belmont a young Irishman was about to bayonet a Boer who lay oonoealed behind a large stone, when another comrade came up alongside him and said," Let me give him a pokebut young Pat replied, 11 Go away, and find a Boer of your own " and with that he laid him low* According to a reoent Blue Book, at the oloie of 1898,165,038 non-oommissioned officers and men in tbe British army were English, 28,858 Irish, and 17,285 Scottish. In his Dictionary of Statistics for 1899 Mulball says ; " Compared with population, we find that England produces five soldiers per thousand inhabitants, Scotland four, and Ireland six." Commandant Bnyman reoently complained that some of the Mafeking torts bad bean repaired on Sunday, and declared that if this praotioe were repeated be should open fire. Colons! Baden-Powell replied that wire line* bad been rel»id on tbe occasion referred lo. He added that he had been vastly interested on Sunday in observing the Boers completing a new work on the western front, A Queenslander at the front has written that the New Zealanders are grand fellows, but the New South Wales Lancers are a stuck-up lot, and do not speak oat of their oompany. The Boer is no mean fisherman. Given a pipe and a goodly supply of his favourite weed he will sit for hoars angling. Very fine sport indeed may be had in any of the streams north of the Orange Biver. Ant heapB are exceedingly numerous in Natal, and in the distance or at dusk they present an appearance not unlike that of a man in a orooohing position. The " Ohrouielo's" correspondent says that many of them have been challenged by the sentries, and inBtruoted to " advance one step and give the countersign." Ant heaps have proved roost nsefnl in one respeot With a bole dug in the top, and another in the side, they have made excellent " fresh-air fire-places." There was an extraordinary inoident at the battle of Spionkop. One of tbe Lancaster men, says the "Daiiy Chronicle" correspondent, while in the act of firing in a proauosition, had his head taken off by a large' sfiell." To the astonishment of his comrades, the headless body quietly rose, stood upright for a few second*, ana then fell. When the New Zealanders at Rensburg were racing to got to a kopje before the Boers, they bad to jump a wire fence about 5ft. high. Out of thirty-eight only two failed. The Johannesburg paper, tbe " Diggers' News," acknowledges a loss of 600 killed and wounded at Spionkop. The list occupies six columns. Most of them are old burghers. A Queenslander writing from Eimberley alter the British troops reached there writesOnoe a day Oecil Bhodes sends a lorry down to the oamp with big tanks of hot soup for tho men. It is made out of prickly pears", flour, meat, and water, and tastes like mutton broth. President Kruger by his first marriage had one child, who died young, fir his second wife he hasb&d; Bixteen children. His grand children number 104. The brewers of Johannesburg wore the first to be oommandeered (or the horses. A Oape pony has been ridden 100 miles over rough country in twenty-seTen hours. At the hospital for aoldiers' wires, at Woolwich, an crtilleryr/uo'e wife gave birtb to three boya. The father is now on active servioe in South Africa, and the mother purposes naming ber little boys Victor, Roberts, and Uullor. Twelve newspaper correspondents have now been killed, wounded, invalided, or have died i from disease since the war opened. | Over in South Africa recently some of the | New Zealanders were ordered to commandeer the stock of a bnkcr'a shop, which bad been deserted by o disloyal Dutchman who kept it. One of tbem, (or a joke, stock a loaf ot bread on his bayonet, wb"nupon an Irish eoldier preBent cried out, " Look, earpeant, there goes one ot ihem NfW Ze&l;&nders; with tbe staff of life on the point ot death 1" There were about forty women in Cronje's laager when Mb surrender took place. TVy had thousands of pillow-slips in boxes with the ■ object ot filling them with loot from Kimberley ! stores when the town tell into the hands ot the Bopra. The expected, however, did not ta^e plane and the ladies bed their anticipations , disappointed. The British Secret Snrvice Fund is probably the smallest in the world, and amount; to only £18,000. The sum similarly spent by Russia amounts to t'750,000. Lord Salisbury recently b tat id that the Transval had spent £800,000 a year on secret service. President Eraser has a finger missing on one of his hands. It was broken in a hunting ex pedition, and be there and then amputftied it him6clf. The coat ot arms of tbe Orange Free State shows en orange tree in the middle of a field; on one side stands a lion on tbe other a lamb. The motto beneath is " Freedom, Immigration, Patience, Courage." The emblem of the lion and tbe lamb bas a scriptural reference to the peace and harmony within its borders and does not refer to the geographical position ot the republio between the domain of the British lion and tbe pastoral Boere of the Transvaal. Here is a nice tale about President Kruger : About two months aftor the outbreak of the war Kroger is said to have oabled to bis grandson in London, Raying 1 Another detach ment of British has arrived; i» London empty yet?' Tbe yonng man wired bask:'London as full as ever !' Some time later there was another wire: ' More English pouring in ; see if there are many left in Liverpool. ' The young Kroger travelled to Liverpool and wired from there,' No difference in Liverpool —still quite full.' After this there was a pause (or three weeks, and then another cable ires reoeived by the grandson to the efieot that thousands more of theBritish had arrived, and asking him to go to Cornwall, and see if that district was drained of men. The youthful Boer went to Cornwall, aaw men being hauled from the coal-pita, and hastily (tabled to Kruger: ' Stop the war ! These English are getting men up from hell 1'" The story told about Lotd Edward Oecil having taken on himself the personal responsi bility ol supplying Mafeking with tour times the amount of ate res thought necessary by the wiidom of the military authorities is now well knows. He ia credited at being direetly in strumental in creating tbe possibility of the town's long resistance ot tbe beteagarlng Boer. A near relative ot Lord Bdward, while confirm ing Lord Kitchener's story, adds something to the credit ot Colonel Baden-Powell. Tbe oon traotor, a mere man of business, not being quite satisfied with the personal surety of tbe yonng major for a sum estimated to re&oh; £7000, asked for another name at the back of the bilL Baden-Powell immediately added h(i, pledging the whole of hie private property to meet the responsibility- Previous to this incident be had spent considerable sums ot his own money in preparing Uafeking for tbe siege. Of oonrse, it is all right now. Mo De artuent, however tied and bonnd by ted tape, are to refuse to take on itself the eharges as sumed by (be two offioera. Ail the same their risk was a very real one, and if things had gone wrong they might have been left to bear (be burden. Lord Roberts is one of the rare exceptions among British officers in not oomplying with the army regulation whioh requires tbe ■ihaving of the ohin. He is credited with saying, " I do not fight with my ohin." Oronje has been desoribed as the nearest approach to oar own Cromwell modern times have presented. An hereditary rivalry exists between tbe Blaok Walsh and fiifle Brigade, and it is a menace to the peaoe for these two regimen cs to be stationed in the same town. A soldier ot the Black Watch at a theatre, in patting a private of the Bide Brigade, stepped heavily, and perhaps intentionally, upon the lattet'g foot Up sprang the rifleman with fury in bis face. " Yon stepped on my foot 1" he hissed menacingly. "Well," said the Highlander apologetically, "I did ma best tae leap ower it, but a Hielanmon is only human, e'en when he's ane o' the Blaok Watch. I'm na a kan garoo 1" Tbe battle that ensued would have done oredit to Elandslaagte or Qleneoe. The native runner, by whioh mgeaay many of the messages from war oorrespondsnts at UafeVing, l«dysmith, and Kimberley reaohed their destination, it usually a hardy nigger, who can do his forty or fifty miles every twenty-font hoars, and never know fatigue. He travels by night and hides by day, and, knowing the country as a London street Arab knows the alleys and courts ot the great metropolis, be seldom falls into the hands of the enemy. He iB a brave fellow, and has been known to swallow bis messages when he has been captured, or to pnt tbem cp bis nostrils (they are written on tissue paper, in a miero •oopio hand very often), in order to prevent his captors getting possession of them. The finale ol a letter written by a private ot the 2nd West Yorkshires is good reading. After describing, in a light-hearted fssbion, the dangers and trials ot life on the road to Ladyamith, ha winds op" The mail goes out to-day, so I mast dry up. I wisb you ail a merry Christmas, and snail drink your health in anything X can get, I don't expect anything better than tea, without milk, and made with dirty water. If I send you any money, I want you to keep it for me till I come back. If I don't get back, keep it, as I shall have no further use for it. If I do get back al] right, I want to have the money, as I intend to have a month in bed and six meals a day I And a bath every morning, and a shave every two hours 11 And a cigar every hour, and a glass of ale every time I am thirsty 11 ! And 1 cannot think of anything else just now, but, Great Scot! I have slept in my boots for weeks." Mr. Beagan, an Iriih-Amerioan, who while in the Transvaal distinguished himself by an assault on Ur. Eckstein, and by writing a pro-Boer pamphlet, whioh was circulated | among the Cape Dutnh, has now ohanged his opinions. He reoently wrote to tbe Kansas " Oity Journal"" If Paul Kruger was Gov ernor of Kansas, the most radical PopuIistB. would turn out in a body and hang him." "The attaches of some American courts may at times put one hand,, with palm open, behind their baoks, but every Dutch oourt offloial has both hands open behind his back all tbe time." " Kruger may be sincere in hiB beliefs, but bis beliefs would have been re garded as fanatiaal in the sixteenth oentury. He ia the moBt pronounoed bigot of tbe age." President Kruger rules the Transvaal as Brigham Young ruled Utah. He is absolute in all things, spiritual and temporal, and when nolitios fall him he works a religious graft." I am an Irishman by descent, and my sympa thies and affiliations are IrlBh, but tbe Irish man who would uphold the Boers in their present struggle is a traitor to tbe first prin ciples ot right, liberty, eqaality, and justice, wbiob should be dear to ovsrv Irish heart." Amusing stories ot the various fights in South Afrioa are beginning to reach England. . Private Mulcahy, for instance, Bays, " I'd been pegging away all day, loading and firing, with out stopping for bite or sup. It was just beyunt sundown when the Glner&l; came riding along He first watched mcawhile, and then sings out, 'Private Muloahy,' says the Qineral, 'go to the rear. You've lulled enough Boers for one dayi'" , 