STATION, FARM, AND GARDEN. NOTES AND COMMENTS. Temperature plays an important part in modern butter and cheese making, yet how often do we, find dairymen working with thermometers that are totally unreliable, and whose only recommendation is cheap- ness. The New Zealand Agricultural De- partment, recognising that dairymen are tempted by low prices to buy inferior in- struments, has adopted a system of test- ing, and this is an extract from the last report of the tester :—" When tested a very large percentage of the thermometers In use at factories are found to be in correct. Readings two, three, and four degrees out are quite common, and occa- sionally a thermometer up to seven degrees out is found. . . . Imagine a butter- maker, when ripening and churning cream, working with a thermometer registering seven degrees too high, and a cheese maker beating a vat of curd with one regis- tering five degrees too low—both actual cases that have come under my notice during the past season." The graduated bottles used in making Babcock test have also been tried an<: found wanting. A year or two a*o tlv department undertook to test bottles and pipettes for a fixed charge of is., or au each if the number of pieces exceeds four The need for some such supervision ove. so-called scientific instruments has beer amply proved by the results of the tests Last year 2014 bottles were tested, o which twenty-four were condemned as in accurate. Fifty-one pipettes were ex amined, and three were condemned. The errors discovered in the condemned pieces ranged from 0.86 cubic centimetres to 1 35 cubic centimetres. In the previous year only one-fourth of the number of pieces were tested, yet the proportion of con demned pieces was twice as great. All glasses found correct are Indelibly marked and numbered, and certificate of accuracy ? given to the owner. Any pieces found te be inaccurate are destroyed. In this action the New Zealand Government is carrying still further towards complete ness the policy that has been so successful In connection with the grading and brand- Ing of export butter. There is still a wide difference of opinion among stockowners and those experienced In stock matters as to the best means of combating the effects of the tick (says the Rockhampton "Bulletin") Some rest their faith in dipping and inoculation ; others hold that the safest course to adopt is to let the stock alone. Among the latter is Mr. A. Randell, St. Lawrence, and he gives facts which go to support his contention. The station-owners in the district in which he lives suffered very severely when the tick first made its appearance there. Among these was the owner of Killarney. Out of a herd of about 4000, fully 2000 died But notwithstanding this heavy loss, noth ing was done. The presence of the little insect in the remnant of the herd could not induce the owner to resort to dipping nor could the reports of the good results which had followed inoculation elsewhere lead him to adopt that preventive. In short, he would do nothing. The tick has been with him all the time—it has never been out of the paddocks. It is there now. But the cattle are in splendid condition rolling fat, and perfectly healthy. Nor is this all. Mr. Randell says that while Kil- larney's first loss has been its only loss, that has not been the case with other sta- tions. They have dipped and inoculated ; but still the stock have continued to die, not, however, he is pleased to say, in very large numbers, and they are not, to speak generally, in the same beautiful condition as the Killarney herd. Mr. Randell in- clines to the opinion that the first loss is the beat loss—that if the stockowner, after the first loss, lets his cattle alone, he will lose no more—and the facts that, he gives in support of his theory are certainly inter esting. Can it be that the Killarney herd has been rendered immune to the attack of the tick ? The responsibility for " flshinese" in but ter man's separator," 'but that the popular hand machine is not solely to blame is evident. Last year two packages of but ter returned from London to New Zealand as "fishy" turned out to have been made at a small factory where not an ounce 6f home separated cream had "been received, the supply of milk being separated and the cream ripened *nd onurned in the same building. It is significant that the condi tion of 'these two factories was bad fxom a sanitary .point of view, and there is little doubt that the defect in the butter arose from the uncleanly state of the utensils and the premises. The question of fine versus strong merino wool comes periodically up tor discussion in the Prws. "Without venturing on the delicate question of Vermont versus Aus tralian merinos, it cannot be denied that, so far' at least as the Brisbane wool sales are concerned, quality and not type has governed the values placed on the wool by the Continental buyers. It has not been denied by even tb.e opponents of the Ver monts that they are a perfectly pure breed of Spanish merino, and in that respect they are on a par with the Australian merino ; but those like Mr. Shaw, who oppose them, say that they have been bred for so man/ generations under conditions so different to the Australian merino, that their intro duction into the Australian flocks means a disturbance of the process of acclimatisa tion. The truth of the matter probably lies between the two opposing factions. It Is generally conceded that a Ju3lcloub blending of the Vermont blood has brought aome of our Western clips up to such a state of perfection that they hold their own with some of the best flock? in the other s fatos. It may appear si range (says, the Rock hampton " Record") tbat despite the good season experienced iv Southern Queensland the price of fat sheep in the Brisbane market Is ao high that application has been made to the Railway Department for the quotation of a through rate from Long reach to Brisbane, the droving through the gap between Rockhampton and- Gladstone* being provided) for by the owners jfZkftWL sbeep. What is asked of co'ursa/wNw?l* benefit of the long haul, which canfiotywell be denied. The conditions now are foeWliac^ in that the Brisbane price 1b deanM&too;^ high for the metropolitan consumeV^uUle the Rockhampton price is too high^Hr tm^ Lake's Creek (Meat Works, and the\i>dr-> chers' consumption is not sufficiently la>Kf here to overtake the Longreach supply. The*" fact that fat sheep are almost going a-beg ging In the Western desert of a few months .ago to, however, Significant of the welcome rains that nave fallen In places. At the Deniliqutn District Court, New South Wales, on the Brd October, it was decided tbat any squatter laying poison on stock routes In order to poison rabbits, will be considered responsible for the loss of sheep or cattle that may die from such poison. The Judge explained that under the law all stock routes were public high ways, notwithstanding that rent was paid by pa?toralists for them, and therefore any squatter laying poison thereon was respon sible for any danger. In connection with the laying of rabbit baits a Queensland corre spondent writes to the " Pastorallsts' Re view" as follows :—About four* years ago our sheep began to pick up baits, and though every care was taken, losses from this cause became so heavy that we were compelled to give up laying poison on stocked country. Finding it impossible to muster large scrubby paddocks clean for poisoning, and that rabbits were increasing fast, we, as an experiment, tried dusting the pellets over with dry sand of the same colo.ur as th« ground on which the poison was to be laid. This proved successful, and ever since then, three years ago, we have laid poison freely among sheep of all ages and conditions without, so far as we know, losing one from phosphorus poison ing. The pellets, are made small, about %ln. diameter, and plenty of dry mad is thrown on them while wet, lust as pollard "ijr^tMted to keep them from sticking to -4*thurS4lien the surplus sand is taken off Vfl&f; diseaM^iat menaces employees in inwfirtj* leather manufactories is de scriDeKasitpfchrax by an American doctor. Qf au/oluea treated in a Massachusetts Csso^iLflWresulted fatally and the sixth **>as •■ly^'saved by the heroic use of the surgeon's knife. Dr. Little declares that the sheep of foreign lands, the goat of South America and India, and other hair bearing animals are frequently affected with anthrax. While the workmen is han dling the skins the anthrax bacillus be comes deposited under the finger nails or on the hand, and by them is conveyed to an abrasion on the face or any exposed portion of the body, from which the disease starts ; an innocent-looking little sore, but proving fatal in front three to seven days. Special inspection should be made for in fected skins, and adequate facilities for the workmen to wash their hands and arms, and'for immersing them Immediately in a solution of corrosive sublimate of a strength of one part to two thousand. Tho benefits of co-operation in the egg trade appear in a striking manner in the results obtained in Denmark. The Danish producers have founded everywhere throughout the country co-operative &bbo-;" ciations that propose to furnish fresh egg?, of good quality, for exportation. The ma jority of producers are enrolled within these associations Large numbers of de-~ pots are established near the railways, ano to these every producer is compelled to bring his eggs at least three times a week. The deliveries at each depot are controlled by a special employee, who lias the right to reject eggs that are several days old. The others are classified ac cording to their Blze. This double opera tion of examination and classification is effected automatically by means of a very Ingenious apparatus, which consists of a dark chamber for the examination by tr.ias parency, and a long table provided with bars for the classification. With this ap paratus five girls can classify and pack twelve cases of 100 eggs In thirteen ■minutes. Canada proposes to bare a beet sugar factory, and the promoter of the enter prise has secured already over 100,000 dol lars in stock subscriptions. It Is intended to erect a factory having over 600 tons a day capacity. Another factory in Ontario Is beiug organised by capitalists from Tor onto. It Is to be known as the Ontario Sugar Company, and will have a capital stock of 1,000,000 dollars. %The number of horses exported from England during the seven months ended 81st July was 14,438, as compared with 16,109 in the corresponding period last year. Of these 8150 went to Belgium, 4033 to Holland, 1026 to France, and 1230 to other countries. The vaiue of the horses exported was £290,928, against £354,771* The horses imported during the same period numbered 27,365 against 34,234 last year, the United States Bending 14,820 against 22,093, Canada 829 against 1749, and other countries 11,716 agaln?t 10,387. The value of the horses imported was £733,937, against £907,868 last year. •< The King has given .two prizes to tha Royal South Buck? Agricultural Associa tion, of which hfs Majesty is patron, for competition at the annual exhibition and ploughing match of the Association at Burnham Abbey Farm, near Slough, in Oc tober. According to the Association* schedule, the King b special prize 'is a sil ver cup, of the .value of twenty guineas, for " the tenant-farmer renting not less than fifty acres of arable land who shall show the best cultivated root crops gener ally." His Majesty's other prize is a sum of five guineas for the best ploughman in the field. The world's wheat crop is always an in teresting study at this time of the year. A reliable estimate of the quantity likely to be available for export by each of the great producing countries is the only guide to what prices are likely to be like during the season. Of tho thirteen great producing countries the United States comes first with a crop of 90,000,000 quarters, K-^opean Russia comes eecond with 42,000,000, and Franco follows with 38,000,000. Of other European coun tries Italy will contribute about 17,000,000, Hungary 16,000,000, Spain 13,000,000, Rou manla and Bulgaria 12,000,000, and the Ger man Empire 11,00,000. The British crop is estimated at 7,250,000, being the lowest yield on the European list. India's crop 1b still in the problematical stage, but a modest estimate should give something up to 30,000,000 quarters. The total harvest of the thirteen countries shows a grand total of 805,250,000 quarters, being 27,000,000 Quarters in excess of the total for last year. As a setback to this, tho maize har vest in the United State? has been more ol less of a failure, and this will tend to keep a large quantity of the excess of tho home crop of wheat in the country-to make up the shortage. Deaths in cattle often remain a mystery, as on A rough post-mortem being held no organic disease can be discovered. A case in point came under notice the other day. A fine milking cow died some few week* from calving. It wa? noticed that she went off her feed, fell away i& condition, and finally in about a month from the time the first symptoms were observed she died. A post-mortem examination was held, but all the organs appeared quite healthy. Finally, on opening up the stomach, com monly called " the bible," a rabbit nkin was discovered, with nails in it that had per forated the leaves of the stomach, and bej camo embedded in it. Tho owner then re membered missing the skin about five weeks previously, he having pegged it out with nails for a special purpose. Tho natural habit cattle have of chewing old bone 3 or anything handy may account for many a death that has been put down to " died of pure cussedness." The returns Issued by' the British Board of Agriculture under the Diseases of Ani mals Acts show that during the week ended 31st August thore were thirty- three out breaks of swine fever, the number of pigs slaughtered as diseased or exposed to in* feet ion having been J25 ; in the correspond* ing week of lust year twenty-nine out T>reaks of swine fever occurred, and 18* pigs wore slaughtered. The outbreaks o anthrax numbered blx, which attacked twelve animals, against nine and ton lag year ; and of glanders thirty-eight out breaks took place, the number of aniTinl attacked being seventy-seven, a?alns twenty-seven outbreaks and forty-five an. mals attacked diriaf the corresponding week last yea,r. It is not safe to pack any kind of b««f in summer nntil it has passed through the pickle tank, and then ieen thoroughly ex amined before packing, as it sometimes happens that the animal may be feverish or overheated at the time of slaughter, and, no matter bow much care may be be stowed on the carcass, the meat may be come unsound after it has been salted. In every and all cases care must be taken to see that the animal heat is out of the meat before placing it in pickle, and if it has become heated while in transit it must be chilled again before it is salted. The " Nebraska (Farmer" prints the fol lowing :—How would you like to be your own horse ? Would you work yourself six or seven hours without water when the temperature is In the nineties ? Would you let the head of a rivet stand twisted in the harness till it tore the skin off ? Would you put a bridle on yourself that had a loose blinker that napped .you in the eye every time you made a step ? Would you tie yourself up with ■ lacy or slower horse, which made you pull more than half the load ? Would you give yourself water out of a slimy box or a mudhole in the creek where fhe pigs and poultry bathe ? Would you feed yourself dry corn seven days in the week, and hay that smelled of- rats, in a manger on which the h«ns roost ? "Would you stand yourself at feed ing- Urn? ankle-deep in your own excrement to fight a million files bred in your own filth? Statistics give the value of the exports of Siberian butter to the United Kingdom 4n 1900 at something like £1,400,000, and the estimate for the present year, reckon ing upon the new transport service, places the figure at £2,600,000, and this will doubtless grow year by yeaT, provided that no hitch occurs in any of the arrangements that have been made, and, most important of all, that the quality of the butter is kept up. While a Bick pig is generally hard to cure, and there are many remedies pre scribed for hog ailments. I have only one remedy for a sick pig (says " J.A.M.," in " Hoard's Dairyman."), and it is a very simple one. Rheumatism, paralysis, blind staggers, thumps, scours, Ac, I treat all alike, though in varying proportions. My cure-all or panacea is nothing more than fresh new milk and turpentine. For a young pig, say six weeks, I administer a teaspoonful -of turpentine in say a half-pint of milk. Unless the pig Is very sick, It will readily drink this. If too far gone to drink, It must be administered with a spoon. An older pig, however, will seldom refuaa new milk, even when a tablespoon ful is given in a quart or more. I always keep a supply of turpentine on hand, and when there is anything wrong with the pigs, at qnce give a dose of turpentine and new milk. It is the best remedy I know of for all the ills that pigs are heir to. Grade the dose from a teaspoonful for a six weeks old to a tablespoonful or more for a mature hog. The milk may be given ad libitum, or as much as the pig will take to drink freely. 'A few years ago a thoughtless man In Victoria introduced and liberated e^me Bnglish fox«s, for the purpose of hunt ng, in place of riding to hounds after a piece of oily rag. The animals found congenial conditions in the Australasian cllmat?, a d bred rapidly. Soon it became necessary to offer rewards for their suppress on. The following particulars will show what the ill-considered action of one thougat'eas man has cost the State of Victoria a en ■. The figures are supplied by Mr. F. B. Allen, Chief Inspector under the Vermin Ant, end the money has been pakl for scalps by the •hire councils of Victoria :—4895-6, 24.C00 scalps, £1500 paid ; 1896-7, 22,000 scalps, £1406 paid ; 1897-8, 17,000 scalps, £10,2 paid; 1898-9, 22,000 "scalps, £1376 pail; 1899-1900, 20,400 scalps, £1275 paid ; 1900-1, 31,620 scalps, £1970 paid ; total, 136,920 scalps, £8588 paid. That little country, Denmark, affords pro ducers throughout the world many object lessons in regard to the development of rural industries. Their success in the dairy industry, through systematic oversight end co-operative .efforts, Is well known, but their successes in the export of pork and eggs is not so generally known. By study- Ing the requirements, they have developed an export trade in pork, fresh and "cured, tut chiefly bacon, that now returns over ' £3,000,000 annually to their country. I Twenty years previously their export was less than 5 per cent of this amount. Wi:h eggs their success has been equally as great. Prom about 6,000,000 in 1895 the ex port in four years of eggs to London had Increased eightfold, reaching in 1899 over 48,000,000. This has been largely due to the Co-operative Society, formed for deal ing with the export of eggs, the members I of which number about 22,000. Messrs. Weddel and Co.'s latest report states, in reference to their argument used last week showing that the stocks of cheese in Canada on 24th August this year were 322,000 boxes more than last year, that a very high and trustworthy authority in Canada estimates the total stocks on 24th August this year aB being about 450,030 boxes of cheese and 90,000 boxes of butter. Thl? would indicate that the stocks of cheese on 24th August, 1900, were about 130,000 boxes. The imports of Canadian cheese during the three -months of June, July, and August in the last three years have been 640,000 boxes, 735,000 boxes, and 686,000 • boxes respectively. For the seven months ending. 31st July Australia sent into England 725,023 car casses of mutton, 362,026 carcasses of lamb, and 27,306 quarters of beef—in all a total of 1,114,455. New Zealand also sent 1,060,228 carcasses of mutton and 1,030,375 of lamb, in addition to 92,039 quarters of beef, totalling 2,172,642. our great rival, the River Plate, is responsible for 1,500,314 mutton carcasses. 1149 carcasses of lamb, and 239,129 quarters of beef —a total of 1,740,592. On these figures New Zealand Is far and away the most successful cattle raiser, and the River Plate and Australia a bad second and third. So far aB the cal culations for September have come to hand, the relative positions are practically un changed, for New Zealand still comes first with a total export to tne United King dom of 87,265 ; the River Plate follows with 55,337 ; and Australia, with only 13,089 as her total, is again last. Now that the great drought has been, almost eliminated as a factor in Australia, we may expect a steady increase in her exports of beei, mutton, and lamb. The after-effects of the drought have hardly commenced to wane as yet, but pastora.llsts all over our great Island continent 'are bending all their energies to work to replace the tens of thousands that drought has taken off, and we have not the slightest doubt of their ultimate success. Meanwhile there is no need to get despondent over the fact that our rivals are ao far ahead.. According to the " Mark Lane Express," the Australasian butter season of 1900-1901 leaves behind it the most satisfactory re sult of any season since the trade begttn. Notwithstanding the reports repeatedly circulated before the opening of the season to the effect that the amount of butter shipped to the mother country w^ould be unprecedented, and the prices low in conse quence, the import was actually 2127 tons less than that of its immediate predeces sor, while the average price was 4s. per cwt. higher. The average price for' the season of the " Choicest" quality was 103s. 6d., which is not only higher than it has been for many seasons, but is an absolute record. Another distinguishing feature was the absence of the wide fluctuations in value that have been witnessed in many previous seasons. The greatest difference between the highest and lowest weekly prices for " Choicest" butter from the beginning of September to the end of April wa? only 14s. per cwt., the highest price reached being 1145., and the lowest 100s. Once before —namely, in the season 1897 -9B—the8 —the same remarkably narrow limit of 14s. in the fluctuations were experienced, tout in that period values .were much lower, the highest price being 1075., and the low est 935. In the past season a most notable characteristic, and one never before ex perienced, was the remarkable fact that the lowest weekly quotation for "Choicest" butter did not fall below 100s. In this re- Apect the contrast between the past season and Its immediate predecessor was vejy marked, for while the fluctuations in the season under review were only 145., those in its immediate, predecessor were 365., ranging from 1265., in October to 91s. in April. During the four months November to February in the past season the differ ence between the highest and lowest week ly prices of " Choicest" butter did not ex ceed 7s. per cwt, which Is a record for these four months, as the largest arrivals of the season always take place in this period. In the season 1899-1900 tho fluctu ation was 9s. per cwt. This steadiness in values from November to February has distinguished the last two seasons from all previous experience, and is in strong con trast to the fluctuations in Danish, during the same four months, which were 17s. and 14s. respectively. The late Dr. Se&gwlck; Saunders, medical officer of health for the city of London, was frequently severely blamed by the trade for being over-exacting in the con demnation, of butoh«r meat. 60 far as his condemnations referred to meat slaugh tered in Ixmdon, or to country-killed meat, Australians took very Httle Interest, but in a few instances Queensland frozen mut ton was condemned by him for reasons that were not satisfactorily explained, and the inference was drawn that it was on account of "disease," while we know that there are no «ctual diseases existing in tbe sheep of Australia rendering their flesh unlit for the food of man. A new light has, hoewver, been thrown on thi3 sub ject by Dr. Collingrldge, Dr. Sedgwick Gaunders'd successor, who in his report of the public health (sanitary department) states that nearly 00 per cent of the meat Befzed was on account of unsoundncss, from accidents or other cause, or putrid, the remainder being described as " diseased." It is gratifying to know that no Queens land meat was classed under the lost named heading. There iB one curious entry in the repirt■-?•-•■ • 2s. realised from sales of condemned mnaL iAcoordlng to the "Leader," the Vic torian Minister of Railways intends fram ing * number 'of regulations to prevent de lays in the unloading of grain from truckb 'during the wheat season. Certain wheat buyers have already expressed objection lo the proposal to qredgh the wheat in trucks, and Mr. Trenwifh is considering the ad visability of making the latter course com pulsory. He points "out that It is to the interest of the buyer to have each bag weighed separately, so as to have the ad vantage of the turn of the scale, which, when, there • are a great number of bags, Is an appreciable consideration. Suppos ing, for instance, that the man weighing .the wheat became oareless, he might put A pound extra into a bag. In sixty bags ihi« would be an additional (bushel, Any possibility of gaining an advantage in this .way -would foe obviated with a system of weighing in trucks. It i 3 also intended to compel shippers to unload their wheat from trucks without delay. It is weli known that last year wheat was allowed to lie in trucks at Willlamstown before being placed 09 (board ehlp until the grain actually sprouted. (Mr. Trenwith states that ?uch a delay as that will be rendered impossible this year. The new shed at Willlamstown will provide storage accommodation, and shippers will be compelled to unload the trucks as quickly as possible. As production is the root of national prosperity (says the " Australasian"), the most important current topic is the great falling off In the area under wheat cultiva tion in Victoria, as shown by the Govern ment statist's returns. The figures are to some extent estimated, but, subject to re vision, there are 253,621 acres less under .wheat for the coming harvest than for the )ast harvest. The average yield per acre for 1900-1901, according to the Government Statist, was 8.84 bushels. Should exactly the same average be realised for 1901-1902, «nd that is at present doubtful, the de crease in area will mean a decrease in pro- Quotlon of nearly 2,250,000 bushels, of a value of close upon i£ 300,000. The decrease In area may prove to be greater than stat ed above, for the Government Statist esti mates that the area to be reaped for hay Will be about 84,000 acres less than last season. The totals for the principal dis tricts compare as follows : — Actual. Estimated. 1900-1901. 1901-1902. Wimmera, acres .... 706.083 607,100 Mallee, acres , 6.93,615 810,100 Northern, acres .... 730,076 643,800 .The decreases are—Wimnwra, about 99.000 acres ; Mallee, about 82,600 acres ; North ern, nearly 87,000 acres. The total de crease is pretty equally distributed. The causes for the decline of wheat- growing art worth studying. Some of them are probably—first, the discouragement of low. prices ; secondly, the poor yields for years past in the Mallee district; thirdly, pre ference given to the cultivation of oats |(the Increase under this head being about 57,000 acres) ; fourthly, the difficulty ex perienced in securing farming labour ; and fifthly, the development of mixed farming. Representatives of the Master Tanners' [Association, the Hide Buyers' Association, and the Slaughtermen's Association, and other brokers met at the Agricultural De partment, Sydney, ait the invitation or the Minister, to discuss matters in connec tion with the flaying and branding of hides, and of the Influence of the present system on the tannery industry. In the course of the discussion various suggestions, were put forward. One was that a flaying Bchool in connection with the Technical College should be established, and prizes be offered at the agricultural shows for good flaying; the appointment of a Government Inspec tor, whose duty would be to mark badly flayed hided, and the classification of hides In respect of branding and flaying, a bonus being given for the best-treated hides. Mr. D. C. M'LRchlan, Under Secretary for Agri culture, stated that the views of the con ference would be plaoed before the Mia ister, who was anxious to take some action to Improve the hide and leather industries. The removal of the interstate barriers is likely to give a considerable impetus to the chilled meat Industry in Queensland. Hitherto the duties have interfered with tho trade, although the Gladstone Meat Works particularly sent consignments to Victoria at various times. Now that the duties are abolished, and the prices in the Southern States are so good, some of the meat companies are looking in this direc tion for trade, and it seems probable that there will soon 'be considerable shipments of meat in the chilled state. Should this be so, there will protbaibly "be rfdme new boats calling. As it is, the A.U.S.IN. Com pany are said to contemplate Installing a cold-storage bold in one of their new boats for the Queensland trade. This should be of especial interest to the butter exporters also. The herd of tlck-lmmune cattle purchased by the Queensland Government, through the Department of Agriculture, for the Natal Government, is now"belngrpaddocked, await ing the arrival of the'steamer Kadina'by which they are to "be shipped to Durban. The animals comprising the herd are 101 flr?t-cla?? heifers and 3 fine Ayrshire bulls, which were specially selected from runs in the Central district by the Chief Inspector of Stock (Mr. Gordon). The Kadlna. which ha? been specially fitted up for ttoe live cattle trade, will take over 700 head from Pinkenba early next month. The Queensland Meat Export and Agency Co., Limited advice us of the shipment from Brisbane to London of 478 case 3 of canned meats, and of 1358 cases of canned meat, and 37 casks of tallow to South Africa. The company has also shipped f;om Burketown to London 2286 cases canned nfceat and 152 casks of tallow., In connection with the alteration of the Northern tick line, to allow cattle to move to the South-west, sites for dips have been selected on the O'Shannessy River, about Granada station, and at Winton. These have not yet bee,n actually approved, but it is thought that with the dip existing at Hughenden they will be sufficient. The construction of the new Government dip at Chinchilla haB really been com pleted,, and the yards surrounding it and the pump with which water will be drawn from the creek are being erected. The dip is said to be a very good ono. On the Rosalie flats, not far from here (writes our Goombungee correspondent) the Darling pea, or indigo plant, grows profusely. This season It is in great abundanoe. It is often classed with poisonous plants, but doe? not appear to kill many cattle. It has, however, a strange effect on them, ■ making them "heady," or affecting the brain, and ren dering them liable to charge. There* are not many losses in cattle directly traceable to indigo, In spite of it* prevalence. A poison Is made by a Toowoomba resident, expert in the eradication of the prickly pear, whioh is said to kill it right out In eight days. The Prickly-pear Selections Bill, intro duced by Mr. BeH, entered upon the Com mittee stage In the legislative Assemhjjt, on Friday week. The measure, it J§?9cr^l pated, will apply chiefly to areas JLi&pLoC; good quality in the vicinity of a rjllmrline, and which would undoubtedly let sfelesta*, were It not tor the presence ol Ul\j>6*ml Mr. Bell has received a letter frovjjSputhj Australian, now on a visit to QilMfftlfftd.., which refers to the till in these tefcmir:/^ " 1 have seen some of the country lnfeMa^ with the pear, and I'think thai your 1)111 Is a practical one, and it you succeed in get* ting it passed I could Induce a lot of South Australian farmers to take it up.*' '. '. . "There are a lot of German native farmers living 3n the droaght~jUrtekea <$«rts of South Australia out of Q**a#r's' Hs'tft&raln;* fall that will have- to seefe.frmh fletds, as they find out to their sorrow after twenty years of hard labour they cannot make scheme in that drought-stricken part, and 1 feel sure tSat hundreds would immigrate over here on the conditions set forth in your bill, providing the country Is in a rain fall not less than 181n. or 201n. per annum. I feel sure that the parts I have seen, If cleared of the pear, are fit to-grow any thing." Although the butter exporters intimated, to the (Department of Agriculture that they did not desire the negotiations with the Adelaide Steamship •Company on the matter of providing greater facilities for the ex port of produce to be continued on their behalf, they are now in communication with the company themselves with a view to coming to some arrangement; and It is hoped th\t there will be a satisfactory ending to the negotiations-. - We toav? (been shown a sample of Pea berry Kona coffee of superior quality, whloh represent* a parcel of 1000 sacks just im ported by a Brisbane firm—a firm, It may be mentioned, 'that has In the past inter ested I'teelf largely 1n the placing of locally-grown coffee on the Australian mar ket. This imported parcel, v,o are in formed, «an, after paying *he duty and charees.-be sold something under tne price at which Queensland-grown coffee can be vended. The reduction of the duty on coffee of Id. per Ib. In the Federal tariff thus strikes a staggering folow at Queens land's aascen-t coffee-crowing industry— a Wow which, coupled "With the abolition of black labour,' will to a certainty lead to its extinction. ' Licht'a estimate of the "beet sugar pro duction of Europe for the season ending August; l? 02, lias already appeared in our cable column, and it will be interesting to compare this with the returns of the pre ceding seasons :— Tons. 1901-1902 , «,411,000 ISOO-1901 6,030,000 1899-1900 6,535.000 189S-ISO9 4,952,001 1597-1898 4,831,774 1896-1897 4.91 C.58, Although under the Commonwealth tariff the Queensland sugar industry is protecteJ against beet sugar, the figures quoted hajr-e some Australian interest, as they indicate a continuation of an extremely low price for beet sugar. Cheap beet sugar mast " beer" the value* of can* .ugar on the worid'g market, and even tlie' AU3.raliaa market may be sought as an outlet for foreign cane jsugar. < The Drayton and Toowoomba Agricultural «nd Horticultural Society have issued their •chedule for their annual show on 15th and 16th January, 1902. The schedule is a great Improvement on previous years, and care has been taken to add classes covering those farming industries that have come into pro minence during the past few years. As has already been noted, special attention is devoted to the coming industry of breeding fat lambs for freezing for export. The prize money, inclusive of special prizes, amounts to over £400, divided amongst 656 classes. Aa this is especially the farmers' show, and the season promises to be a record farmers' \ season, there is little doubt that the entries ■will be more numerous than In previous /ears. The present energetic committee, with their active secretary (Mr. W. G. Bearle). seem determined to leave nothing Undone to secure the most satisfactory results, and Induce farmers to show what the Toowoomba district Is really capable of. Since my last notes (writes our Cleve land correspondent under Saturday's date), this district has been bleeaed with vfry line rains. A heavy storm broke over the township on Thursday, the rain that (ell exceeding 3in. Thl3 is being followed "by flue summer weather. Owing to the good growing season, strawberries are be ing sent away in large quantities, one or two growers reaching to a ton and over per week. The total output for the sea son will probably reach forty-five tons. This is « great advance on the previous year, when the crop www practically a failure; Borne particularly fine' specimens of the Federal variety have been boxed and sent to Brisbane during the last fort night, and this free-growing and healthy plant Is found to come Into favour with growler*., The Department of Agriculture's cyaniding plant has been working on Mr. Lindsay's farm on the Ridge, Ormlston, and ac this is the first farm of any extent In the Cleveland,'district treated, the ex periment will be watched with much inter est by other growers. As a result of Federation, and the abo lition of the border duties, the Hunter Sliver vignerons are beginning to open* up a trade with Queensland i«ays a Newcastle paper). Already a large consignment of ■wine has been forwarded from Mue weHbrook to the Northern State by Me*ar#. Brecfct Bros., of Roeemount Vineyards. Our Goombungee correspondent writing under Monday's date says :—A former resident of Victoria. Mr. James Adler. of PitUwortb, made and successfully used en sj«rnb near Plttsworth what Is known in Victoria *n4 South Australia a? .a "mallee roller." This contrivance is prac tically unknown in Queensland, but might 'With good results be used on certain scrubs tor flattening them down, instead of chop-* ping them with an axe. Scrub costs about. £1 an acre to* fall, but where a roller can be used. It can be done from 6s. to 7s. id. an acre. The " mallee roller" is highly prized by settlers in the mallee country. (There lias been delivered from the goods-yard of the Ipawich Railway Station a portable traction engiiM imported by Messrs. Cribb and Foote, to the «rder of Mr. Charles Smith, of Allow. This engine, lffhich la of 16 horse-power, and weighs' 8 tons), la the largest yet seen here, and is the only one of Its kind hi the State. At high ap«e<! it can bo driven at a rate of ten mile* an hour, and at low pressure at fix. It la specially designed for corn-'threetiing and chaff-cutting work, and la fitted with all the latest improvements, lnoludlng a compensation gear ing which enable* the engine, when travelling, to turn the sharpest of corners. The lubricators are automatic slae-ftedlng, the governors are of Hie XonarchiPickering pattern, ana the smoke-box is water-Jacketed. Tho engine ia supplied with 80ft. tof suction hose, which will enablo the driver to take lip water from creeks and waierholes, and there also an independent pump and Injector. The •ncine, 4>etng carried on spring?, runs as easily as • buggy. Alderman J. G. Palethorpc, of Toowoomoa, turn brought in- from hi* garden, on the western «k>pe of tho Range, a splendid Inmch of Lisbon lemon* cut from a young <r«e which Is literally fatten with fruit of « OOMiderabJe size. The branch in question contain* fifteen lemon*, co closely packed together aa to represent a huge bunch of grapes, and wdglia 111b. Cos. Theio aro so placed on the branch that I.a measurement It only about 16in. x 12in. The ltmoM are a magnificent sample of what can he frown on the slopes of the Range with good man iftmtnt. 