CHINESE IMMIGRANTS INTO SIBERIA. A DANGER TO -RUSSIAN ASCENDENCY. Apropos of Russia's alleged intention to resume negotiations for the evacuation of Manchuria when tho indemnity agreement shall have-been.signed, the "Times" cor- respondent in Vienna says :-It is consid- ered by certain competent authorities by no means Improbable that one of the con- ditions imposed by Russia will bt- the effec- tive assistance of China in''preventing the wholesale influx of Chinese immigrants into Siberia. It must be remembered that vast tracts of -fertile Chinese territory have been devastated by the allied troops, and that an outlet must be found for the destitute population. Siberia, with its .manifold resources and its new means of communication, will appear to the in- tending Chinese emigrant as the promised land. There are already 130,000 Chinamen in the Amur district. The emigration from China of 20,000,000 natives would scarcely be perceptible in that densely-populated (Empire. This danger has only been re- alised in Petersburg for a comparatively short time, but It.figures prominently in a valuable official report which has re- cently been submitted to tho Tsar by an ^minent Russian on his return from China. There are thoughtful persons who fore- see that if the wave of Chinese emigra- tion is not checked the Rusaians will have recourse to what is likely to -suggest Itself ,to* them as the most prompt and effica- cious remedy-namely, a general massacre of the intruders. Nobody more fully~rea_ises*than tho Chi- nese themselves that, whatever turn even- tual negotiations may take, one thing is certain-that is to say, that the Russians have not the remotest intention of relin- quishing their hold on ¡Manchuria. The choleo of negroes personally to con- duct mules from the Southern States to South Africa is a tardy discovery of the occult sympathy which exists between the .most wayward of animals and the black man. .The mule is perhaps a third less contumacious in ebony hands, and may be coaxed, cajoled, and commanded with sur- prising ease by the voice of one to whom coon songs are native. This was found out early in the history of the American Civil War, and long ibeforo the blacks were armed and accepted as soldiers, they filled the transport service. If some of these men should settle in South Africa, And should become prosperous-and these things are likely to happen-the Kaflira will learn of a now kind of haughty aristocracy. It will put on such an amount of sable side as will throw'Boer bounce and Bri tish .calm quite into the shade. 'A Southern *' gentle- man of colour" refers even to a (Haytian black as " Dat ignorent nigger." Another notable addition to the list of In- struments whereby the telegraph is being evolved into a more complex and a more ?useful instrument than of yore is repre- sented by tho " telegraphone" of Herr Poulsen, a Danish experimenter. Spoken words are transmitted by this instrument, wtylch In one sense may be described as representing the phonograph applied to telegraphic wants. Messages are spoken by the instrument, are recorded, and are duly reproduced, while such records are capable of being preserved indefinitely. Successful trials have been made in America, messages being sent from New York to Boston over ordinary telephone wires, and the. telegraphone being used as a receiver at one end of the wires. Tho next advance will probably take the direc- tion of the, transmission of views of scenes. The eye, in other words, may ha*e its par- ticular impressions conveyed »«to lt^as the ear is'_orveä».to-day. - , 