S "LIVIG OUT." FOR DOMESTIC SERVANTS. THE VIEW IN LONDON. AMany mistresses,' harassed by domes tic trials, will read with mixed feelings of envy and misgivings the account of that Tady who was unconventional enough to advertise for a servant for her flat at Chancery lane, "to live out," offering half-a- sovereign a week and daily board. and who was able to make choice from among a hundred and twenty eager applicants. Within the last few weeks the question of "living in" for shop assistants, both male and female, has been widely discussed, and although opinions are divided on the subject, it would appear that the ma jority are in favor of the freedom to be enjoyed away' from their employers' premises. But. if the domestic servant, who is at the present moment the most independent factor in the labor world, by reason of the vast excess of demand over supply, is going to solve the prob lem in her own way by declining situa tions unless she may "live out," then, indeed, is a revolution pending in the conduct of the British household. For some time past observers have noted a tendency in the direction of "day ser vice," under which phrase is covered a higher order of charwoman's duties, and it is a fact that at some of the ladies' clubs there has never been the slightest difficulty in obtaining first-rate wait resses and parlormaids, . as none: of these were. expected or waited to '"live in." But in making known her experi ence, the dweller in the not very bright or attractive centre of the legal commu nity has drawn attention to a some what new phase of the movement. THE RESTRICTION PROBLEM. Probably no one in the kingdom is in closer touch with servants and their in terests than Mrs Yorke-Smith, who has not only been for several years a worker specially concerned with this class upon' the council of the Girls' Friendly So ciety, but is the foundress and honorary secretary of the Associated Guild of Registries, which has done, and is do ing, so much to suppress the fraudulent people who prey alike upon mistresses and maids. In her experienced opinion "living out" is a real demand on the part of young women, of which very much more will be heard in the near future, and it is likely most materially to affect the economics of the house. At the present moment, as she points out, there are still a certain number of cap able cooks, housemaids, and children's nurses, who entered service a few years ago, and who, provided they obtain good wages, easy places, and comfortable surroundings, are satisfied with things as they are. But it is now well-nigh an impossibility to induce a young girl, save from a poor-law school or orphan age, to go into a situation as "up and, down girl," "'tweenmaid," or whatever designation may be applied to her in this apprenticeship stage. And in all cases the reason given is the same, namely, that "living in" and the restric tions as to evenings out are irksome. In many instances a girl will admit that she would greatly prefer the work of a well-ordered situation to the fancy box making, the cartridge-filling, or even the ill-paid typewriting she is doing, but with these, as she will explain, she at least knows her hours of labor, and that when they are over her time is her own, while she is at liberty to go out with her own friends. THE ,MEAL DIFFICULTY. The average mistress is an intensely conservative person, and the suggestion of such an innovation as "living out" will cause her to conjure up visions of all the terrible dangers to which such a' course would expose her servants. But she forgets that the modern young wo man works daily in a warehouse or fac tory, and is bright, iappy, well con ducted, and industrious withal.. Put- ting aside as perhaps rather unduly boisterous of manners and speech some of those following the worse-paid of vo cations, the girls employed in the mul tifarious industries of London compare satisfactorily in character and other womanly attributes with those of the Sdomestic servant class. Of course, be fore "living out" became practicable there would have to be many modifica tions, especially with regard to hours. At a congress of earnest ladies some time since one sympathetic speaker touched on this point, and commented on the want of consideration of those who expected their maids to be up early and go to bed late, when the plaintive inquiry was put by one listener, "But who will get us our tea in the morn ings?" The question then remained un answered, but it would seem that the difficulty of providing breakfasts, not to mention luncheons and dinners, is likely before long to be lessened, in some of the residential districts of London at least, ly the introduction of distribihtive kitchens. Already Mianchester has led the way in this direction, and an effort upon a limited scale exists in the metro polis. ~With the abolition of the kitchen the working hours of an ordinary house hold might be made to. approximate much more to trades union ideals, and to fall within the limits that a servant "living out" could manage. VARIOUS SUGGESTIONS. Among various suggestions put for ward in the course of inquiries on the subject was one of founding a "House Girls' Brigade" on the lines that have been so successful with the institution for lads established by the late Giana Lady Wolverton several years ago. Boys now are so scarce that even the District Messengers' Company are com pelled at times to employ their sisters, and it is stated that there is no diffi culty in 'obtaining girls on leaving school for anything except aictual "liv ing-in"service. In this way they would both learn the elements of domestic work and accustom mistresses to the idea of daily servants. It is interesting also to learn that in the North of Eng land there has been a considerable im migration of Danish servants of late, These young women arrive absolutely ignorant of English, or of household ways in this country, and willingly at first accept extremely low wages. They devote themselves assiduously to learn ing both, but just as the unfortunate housewife is beginning to congratulate herself on possessing a really compe tent and hard-working help, they show their business instinct by leaving, and in the next situation demanding wages on the same scale as Englishwomen. Thoughtful students of the present day problems of feminine employment would welcome any movement that would bring a large proportion of the young women who must work for their daily bread back to domestic service, for their marked avoidance of it upsets the balance of the whole market of female labor, causing excessive competition in the vocations more popular with them. -All, however, are agreed that if service is to regain its position as the first one for the sex, it. must adjust itself to meet the changing social machinery, and that the old-fashioned methods of days when there were no alternative openings, for women will never again be accepted. It has been decided to provide'steel shields for all rapid-fire guns in the American Army. This form of protec tionwill be of sufficient strength to ade quately shelter the weapons, personnel, and mechanism from projectiles fired from the small arms and quick-firing guns of an enemy. For heavy sea-coast guns the Board of Fortification and Ord nance unanimously decided that it would not be advisable to adopt shields strong enough to protect the gunners from pro jectiles fired from guris of a like type. It recommended, however, that such large calibre guns be provided with shields sufficiently strong to protect the men from all small-arm fire and from the fire of rapid-firing guns. These' recom mendations have been 'approved by the Secretary of War. 