/SUMMARY. In the Legislative .Council yesterday, the Mining Act Ameudraent Bill and .the Agri cultural Lands Purchase Aot. Amendment Bill Veto read a third time..and' passed. (Page#.) The Aboriginals Protection Bill was read a seoond tirno. (Page a.) ' ... The second reading oi the Special Sales of Lands Bill was moved by Mr. Murray. The debate was adjourned. (Pagp.3.) >' In tho Legislative Assombty, the estimates for the Home Secretary's Department .were considered. (Page 3.) <v? The oriminal sittings of tho District Court were continued yesterday. (Page 7.) . The Perth Electric . Tramway. Company iBsuo £1G9,900 of Hrat mortgage dobentu'res. (Page 4.) An attempt was mado in Victoria to wreck a railway train by means of a piece of timber 10 feet long by 7 inches thick) An : urrcst . is expected. (Page o.) Gold and silver medals havo been pre sented by tho New South Wales Government to Mr. Lamport and Mr. Hamilton, of the Hcnty Bank. (Page 5.) Tho chief ongineor of tho. steamer Tanglian just arrived in Sydney, says oil is the fuel of tho future. Oil was used by tho Tanglian with highly successful results. (Pago 5.) In tbeHouse of Representatives, Mr. Barton was'asked if interstate frcctrad'o would ensue when the tariff was laid on tho table, but the Premier was nnablo to antioipato tho Treasurer on tho point. (Page 6.) Mr. Fowler dcsirod to ask Mr. Barton in tho Honso of Representatives a number' of questions relative to tbo treatment of three troopers of the fifth Victorian contingent, who were sentenced to death in South Afrioa. (Page o.) In the House of Representatives Mr. Barton accepts an amendment in the Immigration Restriction Bill, permitting tho test to bo administered in imy European language. (Pago o.) Tho Danish gnn'uoat Moeu has sunk to tho Sound. (Pago 4.) The Duke and Duchess of York now have arrived at Vancouver. (Page 4.) The betting on tho America Cup is slightly tn favour of the Columbia. (Pago 4.) The British revenue returns for tho quarter mded September 30 are published. (Page 4.) Chinese belonging, to the Triad Secret Society have burned down a mission station vtPiangyong. (Page 4.) A tiro at Vancouver Island Colliery im prisons 15 men. Poor explosions have ucuurred and all hope is abandoned. (Page 4.) A temporary settlement of. tho Grimsby fishing strike has been effected by the efforts -of the" Earl of Scarborough. (Paget.) It is reported that Austria will decline to renew the commercial treaties with Germany if the new German tariff is persisted in. (Page '4.) Miss Stone, au American missionary, has been captured by brigands in Macedonia, and £27,000 is boiug paid for her release. (Page 4.) . The Sheikh of Kow'eit lias come into col lision with tho Nejd tribes, and the British authorities aro sending guns to Kuweit for the Sheikh's use. (Page 4.) A prolonged drought obtains iu. Lanca shire and Yorkshire, aud thousands of peoplo are out of work. The discontented operatives have destroyed dams and weirs. . (Pago 4.) Further particulars of tho- reverse sus tained by the American -force in the Philip pines show that the disaster was the rcsuit of treachery by those who bad sworn ullegianco to the United States. (Pago, 4 .) Tjnardt Kniger, the youngest son ol' tli cx-1'residcnt, is dead, (page 4) Major Austrutbers Thomson is mado a Companion of the D.S.O. (Page 4.) Smuts with his force has erussed the rail way ut Shedon, and is going west. (Pago 4.) ft is averred that sailing-ships have landed contraband of war ut Lambert's Bay in Cape Colony. (Page 4.) Commandant General Botha is said to ue trying to roguiu tho Plot Retief district in the Transvaal. (Page -1.) It is reported -that tho Boers lost 200 killed and 300 wounded and captured in their attack on Fort Italia. (Page -1.) The War Office denies that any trouble exists with Lord Kitchener us to tho cam paign in South Africa. (Page 4.) Some Boer prisoners at Rajawa camp, in Ceylon, tunnelled 50 feet, hut were discovered, and havo been confined witbiu prison walls. (Page 4.) Particulars as to tho Army Corps com mands in England now aro forthcoming. There is a great outcry us to General Bailer's appointment. (Pago 4.) The offer by Boer prisoners in Ceylon, to scire iu the British army outside South Africa, lias boon accepted, ami 170 aro driliiug fur servieo in India. (Page 4.) After the disaster to Major Gough's force tho Boer women at Vrylieid lined the street: and jeered at the British released prisoners, the wounded, and the dead. (Page 4.) 