JM'R. BELL'S CANDIDATURE. J The "Toowoomba Chronicle" in Its efforts to" advertise the peitfecHôns of Mr. Littleton Groom linds It necessary to sueer at the qualifications of 'Mr. J. T. Bell, In the eontest for Darling Downs .seat in the «Federal Parlia- ment. Our contemporary is of opinion that 'because Mr. Bell has not been a member of any Goveimment since he sal in Hie Legislative Assembly he is to lie considered a ?failure in politics. Is that Fair? Was the late Mr. W. H. Groom ever a. Minister V Would Parliament be possible for able men if a portfolio Were to lie essential to satlsfatetory service V Is it not a fact that Hie great majority of inemlbers of Parliament cannot hope to be included in any Government be- cause there ,is only room for a small minority iu the Ca'binet Ï Is it not abo true that the present Government has practically kept goiug for several years, so that the chances of a portfolio have befân fewer Hiau usual Ï The "Chronicle" must admit that Mr. Bell has won his spurs in Parliament if it keeps to the truth in answeting tilie above questions. But the point is that Mr. Bell lias a practical experience of Parliamen- tary procedure' which Mr. Littleton Groom cannot claim. He lias, moreover, proved himself an effective speaker in the House ol' which lie has been a mem'ber tor fevernl year.s. He has always commanded Hie attention ot 'both sides of Hie House when he has riseJi to speak. That is surely ciiteiiou enough of his ability as a Pai'liuimentarian. We say, then, that Mr. Bell has ibeeu tried and Mr. Groom ibas not. Leaving their pa reu lago, age, birthplace, ami educa- tion out of account altogether, since there is nothing to choo.se between them on Hiose grounds, it is clear that the ad- vantage lies with Mr. Bell wheu still otihor desiderata are taken into account. Queensland requires a mau with ex- perience of Pailiament to represent her in Melbourne at Hie presout moment, be- cause no time can 'be spared for Hie breaking in which is essential to tin» success of every member. Important questions will 'be debated directly in which tliis 'State is vitally .concerned, and Mr. Barton must be told in uncom- promising terms that Queensland de- mands fair play. An LnsulîTïtns been offered by the Federal Premier lo every German and Scandinavian settler amongst us in the Immigration Restric- tion Bill, and Mi'. Barron pro.ioses to still lurtlrer hamper us hy legislating against the sugar industry without due inquiry into tllie conditions under which it is worked. The " Chronicle" urges that if Mr. Barton could be trusted to Harm a Ministry and lead the first Federal Government, without previous experience ¡is Premier, and if .he is to 4>e trusted ik».\v, Mr. Littleton Groom may well pass^ amíster in his candidature for ?al.seat in Pailiament asaguinst Mr. Bell. Well, we claim first that Mr. Barton's Parliamentai'.v experience 'before lie be- came ri'emier justified Hie call lie re ceivetf. But we iasist now that the lack of statesmanship he has displayed_sln.ee he became Premier makes it Imperative thai no youngling politician should he sent 'South to flatter him with the idea that Queensland is satisfied witli iii-s Ineptitude and folly. Queensland looks to the electors of the Darling Downs to give 'Mr. .Barton a reminder that he cannot play ns he pleases 'willi State in- terests. It has ibeeu offered as ¡i r-op to critics of the Immigration Restric- tion Bill that the English dictation test would never be put iuto force against Germans and Danes. Will our German aud Danish fellow-citizens on the Downs be satisfied witih that ? Would they rim Hie risk of inviting their friends and relatives to Austiaiia when any Customs officer could lum them back i? Is It state^mair-lhip to .attempt ti legislate for what needs no regulation"? -Every excuse that is made on Mr. Barton's (behalf servas but to accuse him ; and Ave say again that Mr. Bell should Ibe elected to tell Hie Federal Premier what this State thinks of a policy which neglects the Common- wealth and works mischief on its weaker meanlbers. 