ANOTHER RELIC A correspondent forwards a cutting saved from the 'Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser ' of/ 8fch September, 1873, which is worth reproducing. It shows that.' the cfmntry papers of Vic toria were not all, in that day, the worthless conservative ' rags into which they have since mainly degenerated. In fact., it was the country districts that ?were radical in the early days ; that broke up the squatters; that sent some of the pioneer reformers to Parliament ; and that in many ways cultivated the true Victorian spirit now unhappily so largely forgotten. Bat fancy a typical country paper of the present day publishing such matter as the follow ing :— ,????. ;v:,:..; ' :?? ??? ' .??'?? // ' That 'extremes meet ' and that ' events re peat themselves,' are among; the tritest of truisms, and a curious illustration of both is afforded by what , is passing, at the , two extremities of the British Empire. While in the mother country, an ^overripe and rapidly - rotting aristocracy is dropping into the dust, we have, here in Victoria'/ the same: institution is in its greenest: and crudest form. And its ori gin identical with that, of the feudal.seignory of Great Britain. The men who came over with the Conqueror- ihe, himself, having been the son ,of a buxom washerwoman of Falaise,— were sheep farmers, cattle-breeders; graziers and- bullock punchers. They we're extremely ignorant'and very greedy. Few of them could either read or write, and when they had occasion to sign their . names to a document, they did so, by dipping their fingers' in a bottle of ink, and transferihg the impression— which was called a gnffe— to the parchment. Dispossessing the Saxon, Danish, and British occupants of the soil, the hardy immigrants from Normandy took up great blocks of country for cattle runs and sheep stations./for which they paid ? a mere nominal rent— usually compounded for by military service— to the President of the Board of Land and Works at Westminster ; and the more prominent of these squatters, besides hold ing, seats in the local Shire Councils or Baronial Courts, sat in tbe Aula Eegis of the nation, and subsequently constituted its House of Lords. The 60,215 military '/fiefs into which England was divided were so many equattages, held uader annual licenses at first, afterwards for a Jife time, and .eventually the. licensees- obtained the fee simple, of them. This having been done, the illiterate landowners— the Norman Chirn sides, arid Blacks, and Moffatts, and. Wiisons, . and Clarkes^-tack'ed' the titles of their estates to their own names, and assumed them as designa tions of honour ; and framed laws for securing their valuable possessions in perpetuity to their descendants, and for guaranteeing a monopoly of the land of* the country to a privileged class of hereditary law givers How they built them selves castellated mansions and stately abodes, . and employed the Latrobe Batemans of thoBe days to lay out their parks and gardens and what a preponderating power they acquired in in the State, no one possessing the slightest acquaintance with . English history will require to be reminded. But it is interesting to wateh the beginning of a precisely similar class in Victoria, and to reflect that if tha present state of things were going to endure for as many centuries, as it will do years, we should witness the establishment of a territorial aristocracy in this country identical with that of Great Britain. At present, the members of it are chiefly conspicuous for their ignorance and wealth. G-eorge the Fourth, who had a great lik ing for other men's wives, was accustomed to avow his preference for such as were '? fat fair and forty.' Looking round our Legis lative Council it seems to be chiefly com posed of men who are fat, foolish and fifty five. As the representatives of property, they cannot be accused of infidelity to their trust ; and yet at the same time they are doing their best to make wealth odious in the eyes of the people by associating its possession with the ideas of ignorance, prejudice, and pigheaded ness. All the speeches of Mr. H^iginbotham are less damaging to the Upper House than some of the utterances of its own members. Take that of Mr.M'Kellar for example,. I know nothing of this grave and reverend seignor, or of his antecedents. He looks like a decent douce Scotch shepherd and his accent and his grammar are «uch as would appertain to a worthy old flock-tender. But he is rich, and accordingly he delivers himself of sentiments like these : — ' There are 66,000 men in this colony who dbn'6 take the trouble to put themselves upon. the roll : and most of them are the scum of the com munity ! who would like to get up a rebellion or a revolution, as they have nothing to lose, and everything to gain by a scramble.' None of the morning papers reported these words, but I pledge myself for their accuracy. This was just the contemptuous way in which ' canaille ' used to be talked about by the -noblesse of France, before the year '89. But probably our ovine and bovine patriciate know just as little about \- the causes and consequences of the first French Revolution as they do about anything else, except the price of wool, and the sacredness of property. Shakespeare musfe have had them in his eye, prophetically, when he drew the character of Justice Shallow, whose meditations upoa death were suddenly suspended by his curiosity t© know how much a good yoke of bullocks fetched at Stamford fair. .The railway accident near Prince's Bridge probably indicates that men are overworked in branches of the service where there is a great strain on the nervous system, and consequently do their work in a dazed sort of way. 