Cable Brevities. f,.^ei'ePort of the Bank of Australasia shows that £=i S8 amount to £13,971,890 ; cash securities, Th '« n ; Ml8' £13,793,426. CnV~f Globe ' ' says that the torpedo-boat destroyer '?«. sank in ssven fathoms of water, and that there thpiK ck.m her vicinity. It is suggested that coHW dS?W of the vessel was due td a sudden -*-Uapse of her structure. bodt! lul of those of *toe Cobra's victims whose wes were recovered took place at Grimsby, and bluei'i]fSe? b^' 50»000 people. The officers and J-cuetsof the French gunboat Ibis spontaneously attended the -funeral, a courtesy which is warmly : appreciated ? ? -? ? . . ..-....; A steamer with 180 tourists on board returned, to Marseilles, ? with two of the crew suffering from plague. The steamer has been quarantined. Goschen's Consols are quoted at 931 on the London Stock Exchange-^-a fall of J. The Commercial Pacific Cable Company, with a capital of 100,000dol. (£20,000), has been formed at Albany, United States, to connect by a cable Cali fornia with Honolulu and the Philippines. The company proposes to construct the cable without a . Bubsidy and without a guarantee. The Immigration Officers of the United States of America are deporting steerage passengers who are not provided with passports and papers of citizenship. King Edward and Queen Alexandra have left Elsinore, Denmark, and are proceeding to England on the Royal yacht Osborue. They are voyaging via Eel. The steamer Papanui, from Wellington, New Zealand, August 2, 'has arrived at Vigo, Spain, with her insulating charcoal on fire. The lower hold has been flooded. Five thousand persons liave applied to become students at the Universities iu Scotland under Mr, Carnegie's benefactions. The South Finerall Gold-niininir Conimnv of Western Australia is issuing 200,000 chares at 4s'ea.ch Of the capital of £40,000, £32,500 is to be devoted to working expenses. During the Netherlands military manoeuvres, m the province of Limburg, a motorcar overturned at the village of Valkenburg, and its occupants, foreign military attaches, were injured. The automobile became unmanageable when descending a hill, and striking an arch threw its occupants against a wall, A captain of the Dutch staff was fatally, injured, the German military attache received a frac turo of one of his legs, fractures of his ribs, and a fracture of one of his jaws, and Bussian and Nor wegian attaches were injured. General the Duke of Connaught 1ms been appointed Commander of the Third Army Corps district, whose headquarters are at Curragh, Ireland. King Edward and Queen Alexandra have arrived in London from their Continental tour. They are in excellent health. From Elsinore the King and Queen voyaged by the Royal yacht Osborne to Kiel, thence th'ey travelled by train to Flushing, aad crossed to Sheerness in the Royal Yacht Victoria and Albert. On arrival at .London they were heartily cheered. The Servian army threatens to resist ihe resolve nf TCiTiff AlpxuTidfir tn anunint. the brother of his consort as successor to the Servian Throne. Twelve dock labourers at Naples are suffering from the plague. The death is announced of General Sir Arthur James Lyon-Fremantle, Gr.C.M.G., C.B., aged 66 years. The barque Anna Sofia, from Adelaide June 24 and subsequently from New Caledonia with a cargo of ore for Philadelphia, has arrived at Ancud, Chili, in a dismasted state. The bye- election for the representation of North east Lanarkshire in the House of Commons has re suited as follows :— Sir W. H. Rattigan (Liberal Unionist), 5G73 ; Mr. Cecil Hamsworth (Liberal), 4769 ; Mr. Smillie (Labour and pro- Boer), 2900. American millionaires are endeavouring to secure the five great English tobacco businesses in order to control the output. An outbreak of vmilent smallpox has occurred at London, and the cases number 160. The London School Board reluctantly allowed an inspection to be made of scholars, where there were no objections by the parents, to ascertain if the children were vac cinated. At the sports at New York last week, in which the representatives of Harvard, Yale, Oxford, and Cam bridge Universities competed, the Americans won six events and the Englishmen three. There have been three days' heavy rain orer almost the whole of India. The prospects of the crop are now reassuring. The Emperor Francis Joseph entertained at Vienna those German troops who have returned from China uy Yftiy Ui. J.IH5OW, auu i/uo .ujujjolul mmmm txjpcjju proposed the health of the Kaiser. Alderman Sir Joseph Cockfield Diuisdale, M.P., has been elected Lord Mayor of London for the year 1901-2. The examination of the hull of the torpedo-boat destroyer Cobra shows that the halves of the hull have not parted, but they form an .angle of 45 de grees. Sir Horace Tozer (Agent- General for Queensland) has invited Auglo-Queenslandcrs to subscribe for a statue of Queen Victoria to be erected at Brisbane. Queensland has put on the London market a loan of £1,250,000, bearing interest at the rate of 3 per cent. The loan was issued at 92J. Queens land has issued the prospectus of aloanfor £1,374,213. The fixed price is 91*. The loan has been under written on the usual terms. The Colonial Consignment and Distributing Com pany is issuing £100,000 worth of i$ per cent, deben tures at par. The Government stocks of Queensland and Tas mania have been gazetted as investments for trustees. Dalcetv and Co. have ensueed Sir Edward Wit tenoom, formerly Agent-General for Western Australia, to manage their business in that State. Sir Edward Wittenoom lias sailed for Perth. King Edward has accepted ' Talma's ' handsome portfolio of photographs of the Duke and the Duchess of Cornwall and York when in Australia. His Majesty was greatly pleased with the pictures. The Socialist Congress at Lubeck (Germany) passed a resolution strenuously denouncing the proposed German Customs tariff. A superior force of Filipinos attacked a company of American infantry on the Island of Samar (one of the Philippines) while the hitter were breakfasting. Forty-eight of the Americans were killed and 11 wounded. Only 24 escaped. The Filipinos captured stores and ammunition. Mr. A. A. Asquith, the Liberal Imperialist leader, in a speech at Ladybank (Scotland) said that the Irish and Liberal parties were both free and independent, and that the latter ought not to assume the responsi bility of Government without an independent Liberal irmimitv in the House of Commons. An outbreak of plague lias occurred at Rio Janeiro, 'Brazil. Seventeen Russians, at the expense of their Gov ernment, are visiting England and inspecting the agricultural produce import arrangements, hoping to supplant the Danish and German middlemen. At a bull fight at Bayonne, in the South of France, an automobile car, painted red, was used instead of horses. The bull declined to face the motor. The boiler of a French torpedo-boat at Algiers ex ploded, kdling one and injuring five of the crew. 