News of the Day. A Beautiful Incident.—When the late Lady Jane Churchill died, Her Majesty was not immediately informed of the loss she had sustained, and it was not until the deceased lady had been placed in her coffin that Princess Beatrice broke very gently the sad news to the Queen, who was then very unwell. The Queen received it in silence, and then asked her daughter to bring her some leaves and flowers, which she wove with her own hands into a little wreath. Deftly and silently she worked for quite a time, often interrupting herself to wipe away the tears that rolled down her venerable face. When her task was finished, she bade the Princess place it herself on her old friend's coffin. Throughout the day she appeared wrapt in thought, spoke very little, and wept silently, but was pleased and smiled sweetly when she heard that the little wreath was placed exactly where she had wished it to be on the coffin. Too Much Affection.—A singular case came last week before a Vienna magis- trate (writes the Vienna correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph, under date March 9). A postcard was sent at Christ- mas to a married woman there by one of her former admirers, a railway clerk. The lady was addressed as " darling" and "honey-dew," and the card was signed, " Thy Pussy Cat." The husband, who brought the charge, said be considered these familiarities insulting to himself and his wife. The magistrate condemned the amatory clerk to pay a fine of 5fl., and said that such words addressed to a married woman upon an open card were liable to misinterpretation by all persons through whose hands the card has passed, and therefore came within the meaning of the law concerning personal honour. Inverell.—Mr. E. Marriott, P.M., will not be leaving for Orange until after the Quarter Sessions. Mr- Walterus Brown, of Cobar, is to succeed him here.—We hear that Messrs. Cansdell & Co. have purchased two blocks of land in Campbell-street, on which they purpose erecting large bulk stores, with sheds, etc., for the convenience of customers who come in in vehicles.—A girl named Ida Mills, aged 5, whose parents reside at Nulla manna, died in the hospital on Thursday last from diphtheria. She was in a low state when brought to the in- stitution in the first instance, having then been ill for a week.—Before the Land Board the applications of Messrs. Goodyer aDd Ward for business sites were refused, being over the area, and those of C. Duff and H. Bichards granted at £23.—ARGUS. Consumption.—Believing that rail- way carriages are greatly responsible for the spread of consumption, the German Health Department has resolved on making a reform. The ceilings of the carriage are to be varnished, and all corners likely to harbour dust are to be abolished. The tapestry is to be of plain material and de- void of embroidery, the favourite haunt of dust and microbes. The cushions will be movable, so that they can easily be changed from carriage to carriage, which will en- able the floor to be properly kept clean. Sleeping carriages will be disinfected after each journey. Albert, Albert, Albert.—The last words of Queen Victoria must needs have a sacred interest for her people. Sooner or later it will pass into the public's posses- sion. Meanwhile a report which comes from very near to the death chamber gives it thus, as thrice repeated with the Queen's last breath, " Albert, Albert, Albert!" If that be so, then indeed the chapter has the very close which public expectation would have anticipated for it and the nation's heart have desired. Life's Sad Romance.—A touching episode took place on January 30 at the village of Engelden (canton of Argovie), in Switzerland. A rich farmer, 69 years of age, a bachelor, had died. The day after the funeral the body of an old woman named Sach, well known in the canton for her charitable works, was discovered in the river near by. At first it was thought that death was the result of an accident, but on examining her house a letter was found which stated that Mme. Sach had com- mitted suicide in order to be buried by the side of her old lover, the farmer, and re- quested that her last wish should be car- ried out. It appears that the lady had once jilted the farmer, but had repented of it afterwards, and had taken a house op- posite hia in the hope that her lover would return to her. Mme. Sach had waited patiently for thirty years, watching the farmer's movements every day, but be never spoke to her again, and on learning of his death she had committed suicide. St. .John's College Dialectie So- ciety.—A " night with the poets" eventu- ated with the above institution on Friday evening last. Papers were presented by the Rev. E. A. Radcliff, M.A. (warden), and Mr. Ware, on Robert Browning and Martin Tupper, respectively. After sketch ing the life and work of Browning, the writer quoted " Fireside," " Evelyn Hope," &c.;, in support of his belief that the poet was not excelled by Tennyson, Keats, and Swinbonrne. Browning was always in- spiring, hopeful, and robust. The paper concluded with a very interesting sketch of Browning's " The Ring and the Book." Martin Tupper was introduced by Mr. Ware by means of several quotations from " Proverbial Philosophy." The paper also included an outline of the poet's life. A vote of thanks to both gentlemen concluded the proceedings. The Assizes. — The calendar at the Circnit Court, which was held at Armidale on Tuesday last, was a very light one, a fact upon which the district is to be congra- tulated, since it bespeaks a pleasing ab- sence of crime. All the business was dis- posed of, and the court adjourned before three o'clock in the afternoon. During the day his Honor Mr. Justice Owen ad- ministered the oath of allegience to King Edward VII. to Mr. C. Smith, our local C.P.S., and Mr. Wheeler, C.P.S. at Hill- grove, as justices of the peace. Late Minister for Works.—Mr. T. H. Hassall, ex-Minister for Lands, who is leaving the State on June 1, stated on Saturday that he could not say when he would retnrn to the State. He proposed to pay a visit to South Africa, where it was possible he would start in business for himself, or he might see his way to advance the interests of New South Wales there. Whatever the future had in store for him, he would always have a warm corner in his affections for New South Wales, where he had spent the best years of his life. Weight - Guessing Competition. —Considerable interest was manifested at Maitland on Monday evening in the result of the bullock's weight-guessing competi- tion carried out under the auspices of the Hunter River Agricultural and Horticul- tural Association. Altogether 600 tickets were sold, and the prizes were a first-class sewing machine (value £14 14s.) given by the Singer Manufacturing Company, and the second prize was £2. Instead of get- ting a big fat beast one of medium pro- portions was obtained from Mr. James Cruickshank, of Cessnock, and purchased by Messrs. George Maber and Son, who had it killed and dressed, when the weight was found to be 744lbs. The nearest guesses were those of Mrs. Alex. Leonard, of Morpeth (745lb.); and Mrs. Isaiah Jackson, of Cessnock (745lb.), who will draw off for the first prize on Monday afternoon. The guesses ranged from 600lbs. to 1800lbs. Impossible, Madame :—A Vic- torian scribe says (and we think our own local railway toilers will agree with him) that in these days of cheap excursions it is necessary for railway officials to be vigilant so that the people shall not take advantage of the very liberal concessions made. With this idea in his mind, a porter challenged a lady who came on to the Spencer-street platform, with a maid and five children, and only two tickets among the seven, " What about the children, Madame ?' he asked. " Oh, that is all right, they are all under age." " Impossible, Madame, Five children and all under three years ! Are they all yours ?" " Oh, yes, they are all mine, and they are all under three." " Well, I say it is impossible, Madame, and I cannot pass them ?" " It is not impossible," repeated the lady ; " they are under three; there are two pairs of twins and an odd one." " Oh, pass, and good luck to you," said the discomfited official. "The department should carry you for nothing." A Terrible Wave.—The Teutonic, which arrived one day late from Liverpool yesterday (says the NEW YORK WORLD) passed through an unusually terrifying ex- perience last Sunday. It was a bright, sunny morning, the sea was moderating, spray dashed over the main deck, the Beau- fort scale indicated a wind velocity of six, and the steamer's speed was moderate. The weather was growing colder and calmer. Suddenly, at 9.20 o'clock First Officer Bartlett felt the bow of the Ten- tonic sink into a deep ravine, and plunge into a colossal wave that broke almost squarely across the prow, the major por- tion of the blow coming over the port bow. It looked like a wall of blue topped with white. Its spray struck the lookout cage fifty-seven feet above the water. The cage was damaged and the two seamen within it were knocked about, one receiving a cut under the eye. Rails and stanchions of the port side and the bridge were twisted, snapped asunder, and curled up beneath the awful weight of the thundering moun- tain of water and foam. It dashed below into the forward part of the ship, and flooded the officers' quarters. The chief part of the wave rolled aft along the pro- menade on the saloon deck, knocking down Stanley C. Wilson, of Australia, hurling him against the rail, and fracturing his jaw. Further aft the mighty billow caught up John Michaelson, a Danish im- migrant, and dashed him against some object. He was found with one foot nearly severed. Dr. Dobie amputated the limb. The passengers were greatly fright- ened, but were soon reassured.—[It will be seen from the above that Mr. Wilson was more fortunate than his ill-fated ship-mate—Michaelson—who had his foot nearly severed, and afterwards ampu- tated.] Sad Death.—We very much regret to have to chronicle the death of Mrs. John Chisholm, of Glendower near Booro- long, which sad event took place on Tues- day last. The deceased who apparently enjoyed good health, attended to her duties in the household in her usual man- ner, up till about half-past two on Tues- day afternoon. At that hour her daugh- ter noticed her leave the house. About a quarter of an hour later her attention was attracted by the barking of some dogs. She went out and found her mother lying near a woodheap about thirty yards from the house. She was then quite dead. The Coroner Mr. J. McLean held an in- quest into the occurrence on Wednesday. The evidence of Dr. Mallam was to the effect that the deceased had ruptured a blood vessel near the heart, which had lead to her death. A verdict of death from natural causes was returned. The deceased was only 43 years of age, and leaves a family of nine to mourn their loss. A very sad feature of the event was that Mr. John Cbisholm was absent from home at the time, and only returned to find the bad news awaiting him. Magisterial lnquiry.—The ad- journed inquiry into the circumstances attending the death of William Champion, who was found dead at Puddledock on the 17th inst., was concluded by the Coroner (Mr. James McLean) at the Armidale Court House yesterday. A youth named Clyde White gave evidence to the effect that on the morning of the 17th inst. he saw the old man and gave him a bottle of milk. He was then lying in his tent. He returned about half past three in the afternoon, and found him in the same position. He was then dead. Deceased, who was an old helpless man, was a miner, and had been assisted for some time previous to his death with food by the neighbours. A verdict was returned to the effect that death had resulted from natural causes. Football.—A meeting of the managing committee of the Hew England Rugby Football Union was held on Wednesday evening last. Mr. S. J. Kearney occupied the chair. It was decided to fall in with the arrangements made by tbe New South Wales Union in reference to Country Week, which will open in Sydney on 21st June. Matches will be aranged with tbe Northern Border (Glen Innes) and Liver pool Plains (Gunnedab). It was decided to play a match against Tamworth at Ar- midale on 15th May. A sub-committee consisting of Messrs. Lamb, Kickham, Pollack, Gordon, and Bradley was ap- pointed to arrange for the holding of a fancy dress match and social to celebrate the opening of the season on the 8th of May. It was decided to begin the Cup matches on Saturday, 19th May. The meeting then rose with a vote of thanks to the chair. The Census.—The census returns for the Armidale district are to hand, and are aa follows: Total population of the dis- trict: Males, 9297; females, 8405; total, 17,702. Chinese and half-caste Chinese number 94—males 86 and females 8. There are 82 Australian Aboriginals and half-caste Aboriginals—53 males and 29 females. Tbe individual centres contain the following populations: Armidale Muni cipality : Males, 1892; females, 2172; to- tal, 4154. Among this total are 30 Chinese 27 males and 3 females, and 14 Aborigi- nals—5 males and 9 females. Hillgrove Municipality: Males, 1140; females, 1126; total, 2266. Chinese—8 males and 1 fe- male. Uralla Municipality: Males, 317; females, 362; total, 679. 7 Chinese and two Aboriginals. Traction Engine.—Yesterday some little stir was created in Armidale by the arrival of a traction engine, the " Eclipse," which has been brought to the district by Mr. Thos. Faint, of Hillgrove. The engine was exhibited at the recent Royal Agri- cultural Society's show at Sydney by Messrs. Martin & Co., the Sydney agents of the makers, the Frick Company, U.S.A. It is the intention of Mr. Faint to use it in drawing logs at his sawmills, Hillgrove. The engine, which is of a new type, is a very symmetrical piece of mechanism, and is equipped with all the latest improve- ments. It is 17 h.p., and may be used for ordinary stationary work, threshing, &c.;, as a winding engine, or for traction work. The machinery is all enclosed, so that the risk of breakage is reduced to a minimum, and jolting is prevented by means of springs. It is contended that the con- struction of the wheels will prevent bog- ging. It carries a supply of coal and water, two tanks being affixed to the sides. The engine, after being de-trained at the railway station, was put under steam and driven to the establishment of Mr. J. J. Warnecke, the local agent for Martin & Co., where it will remain for a little while before proceeding to the scene of its fu- ture labours. If you hare been disappointed with the make and finish of your Suits you should go to D. Mason's, next Tatt.'s Hotel; he has a lovely lot specially made for the Show; also, new Shirts, Hats, Handker- chiefs, Umbrellas, and endless sorts of Ties.—0 