TOWARDS THE SUNSET (By WIRT GERKARE). CHAPTER rV.-RILSlSIA'S BETTER HALF. Published by special avnaiigemcnit which the author. All rights reserved.] About three hundred years ago, when Cortez was condering the new world ix Spain, Yestnalc, an outlaw, went eastward and annexed Siberia for Ivan the Tern by Tsar of Muscovy, and all like Russia America has since changed bands .SCVCI-J times,, and has evolved nations, where Russia in Asia haw simply grown, and just fied the boast of the emperor Nicholas 1 that "where the Russian flag has once flow fc snail never be hauled down." For three hundred«1ye».r.3 Russian police with regard to Siberia was unchanging; til east was a convenient place to which it ' send the undesirable subjects of the Tear Ivan, the Terrible sent the first odds: sellers. He even banished to Siberia an Eng hellman, one William Barnsley, of. Woree. ter, who long afterwards returned a wealth merchant, it is only since the commence ment of the last century that Siberia, no been raised to the status of a colony to c settled by free men alone. Like Premier an German foreign posrses-.û\mis, art has no tem of self-government. Its laws are in Russian laws, administered in the differs."! territories by the corresponding chances in St. Petersburg. There is no «miinasiter to Siberia, or special, exclusive depaiitnuetyt unley the immigration Staff be so considered. The Russian Empire is to be home generous; Siberia is to become Russia beyond -the Urals, or beyond Baukal, northern; store. Topographical and etbjiogirapmcall; the countries are similar, 'the dividing Jxn fe purely artificial, (the Eastern slopes and the western slopes of the Urals are almost identical. Siberia, it is contended, has no glacial period, but it is no worse for that unless its climate, which is that!; of Russia; intensified, is one result of the derivation of an interesting geological epoch. # Russia has frozen tundras, virgin forests great waterways flowing mouth and with an immense plateau but little above the sea level, a belt of black soil, prairie land merging with sandy. desert. Siberia has the same [Russia has Samoyeds, and Laps; isolated settlements of Morden Chuvases, bands of loaning Bashkers and Kahnucks. Siberia if it has not the same people, has similar races, and to the far east and nor the natives of Fox-street types It is now' area who constitute either Russia or Siberia. The Slavs banished to Siberia, or transported there as convicted criminals, have ; all been people who dared to do and to be- true reformers, the faddists, the Falcon tents, the unconventional souls, whose spirits were at war with the prevailing state of things, individuals of strong character whether good or bad recalcitrant being! whom the rulers wished to tame or think eng and actors in advance of their first whose propinquity was felt to be dangerous to the State. Just such men and women BE have made history in western Europe they were followed by those who loved and appreciated them well enough to share their fate. To these must be added the free adventurers, men bold enough to risk the unknown and win fortune or perish, therefore, , essentially different to the sociulistically m , clined Slav, whose nature it is to depend always upon his-ruler, Julie (State, or his fellows. . Many of these pioneers succumbed to the hardships of the journey or the life; many \- 'deft no successors. The isolated degenerate criminals would have become extinct as a class but for the constant stream of their kind from Europe, so the portion of the population which is Siberian by birth and descent is derived from either the best of the exiles or the soldiery sent to guard the prisons and settlements. As yet these have Tjot'become a nation or distinct people. Military colonies were tried in Russia is more than a century ago, and found want- ing, in the south and east of Russia they have become extinct. Akin to them are the Cossack settlements in Siberia. These " were formed for two purposes; first to sup . t play a resident military force near the front \- her; secondly, to populate the country with a farming element. The two are antagonistic, hence failure in both. The Cossack is essentially a nomad grazier, immediately he Stills the soil he loses the instructive qualities of the Cossack soldier. He has an im- movable stake" in the country, he is unwilling to turn out for military work when mVallotments require his labor. Last year a great difficulty was experienced in getting t " the settled Cossacks mobilised for the mdi tary operations a garnet Manchuria, and the better the soldiers succeed as farmers the worse soldiers they make. Then as settlers and farmers they are inferior to the agricultural immigrants from Little Russia, inferior to the exiled settlers and their descendants,, but they manage to maintain themselves in primitive Cossack fashion. As the child of a Cossack is entitled to succeed \- to a share of the real estate of the settlement, or to a free grant of land from the Government, there is a premium on immer -unity and the succession is complicated by -multitudinous issues difficult to decide and rarely determined in a way satisfactory to all the parties. The greatest trouble arises when the advantageous situation of a Cossack post leads to its development as an industrial or distributing centre. The progress of Stretensk, Chica, and other places is checked by the Cossack administration, whose military organisation is incompatible with urban government. At Stretensk, with a population of 8,000 of whom only 1,200 , . are Cossacks, the military colonists claim to possess all the land in the vicinity-and this reaches actual terminus of the great Siberian railway! The same troubles will arise in turn at Gorbitsa, Pokrovka, and the other favorable points on the Shilka and Amur J's . Rivers, as the country becomes colonised from the west or east. If the settlement of the sand by means of military colonies has failed, the colonise > v tion by administrative order, as at present " i pursued, is likely to prove equally abortive. A large number of immigrants are returning to their native place in European Russia. They are the people who have been allotted land unsuitable for their occupation, who expected an easier life than they found, families who would prove good colonists if properly allocated. The English remedy would be to allow the individual freedom of action within definite limits, and permit him to choose the district and, if free, the particular lot therein: which he feels capable of occupying profitably. It is doubtful whether such Russian peasants as the Government aids to reach and settle in given parts of Siberia would be capable of choosing wisely, but if they failed, they would have themselves only to blame, ' - whereas they now assert that the Government, and the Government only is in fault. The emigration movement in Russia is to ; some extent regulated by the liability of the agricultural peasant to pay his way with his command to the State. In some districts, particularly in Little Russia, there is congestion, the peasants are fairly well to do as peasants, and liberty to emigrate to Siberia is easily obtained. Then there are poor agricultural districts, with land which may be grazed, but which is not profitable to hill, and from these districts it is easy to obtain a transfer. There are also inhabitants whom the communes would prefer to 'be without; and there are peasants who, from the accounts they have received from former neighbors or from relatives, are desirous of seeking fortune in Siberia. There are also colonial communes who wish to receive further settlers of the right kind; these are generally in a position to guard their interests and to obtain what they require. The unsuccessful agricultural laborer of the pauper class is the emigrant most un- wisely treated by the Government. the und bis are either conveyed to sea to Via livestock, or forwarded overland to and Siberia. He gets a free pass, he is fed during the long journey, well housed at his destination, and kept there in idleness, sometimes for months before assigned his a land. - From the Government stores he gets an allowance of" provisions, and the necessary agricultural implements, seeds, and instructions. He leaves, confirmed in his idleness, fully assured that the State must, and will support him, and more or less careless of the amount to his debit for advances. Sometimes before he has been asked for the first payment he is tired of Siberia and work. He cannot clear his ground, the insects annoy him, his stock ' floe- not thrive, Siberia does not suit him, the older settlers are against him; so he gives up, and drifts. . . ,, ... Sometimes the immigration authorities are in fault. They locate men laboriously haphazard. Or the central authority is to blame by attempting with such immigrant who oust exiled and early free settlers whom the Government consider to be squatters. Land which has been cleared and made no \- yield a profitable return is; arrested morn those who have always called it, and apportioned to the more favored newcomers on terms. Sometimes the newcomers hold to their gift: sometimes the former holders manage to cajole or frighten them away. In such districts there to more strife than honest labor. The immigrant, who is almost a pauper, Is so treated by the immigration officer that as often as not be becomes absolutely pauperised, and learns to depend upon the authorities for everything, everything to I Wax tones the bare necessaries of Me. stood six weeks' set 101 age, the comfortable housing and good food at the Immigrant station, tend to make the peasant dist claimed to begin afresh in a rude log hut 01 I virgin sod, with none but strange- around him, and unknown difficulties and danger presenting themselves at every turn The overland railway Journey to Ldster Siberia takes the immi- into at least in 10 as long as it does the ordinary traveller the greater part of the time he is waiting on a 1 siding From Smolensk to Baikal it a month is good travelling He has to aw in a Government barge 01 steamer, and from that he, with all his belonging, may be put ashore whenever the depth of water may require that the ship be lightened or emigrant camp on the banks of the Amur had been formed in that M 13 the past singers had been there thirteen days when, I spoke 11 with them 1 be expected to remain another fortnight, and it is possible: that the ne there still Unless a Goiert mere boat 111th spare accommodation happens, to take them on, they have only two things to do-become Sipiattens at that spot, or construct a raft and float down gue mi to their destination or an emigrant station This last is the easiest solution, it requires only the men An air. down the Amur 1 passed a small rut constructed of a few baulks of distanced, bound together It ith withe- The oats 11 are sticks, to ninth, for blade , the -take or an old cask were tied, other places made the poor, man old -soapbox was tea, bread, and -it, in the lid of an old tin box the embers of the fire here kept aglow The men had come on this rough chart eight hundred 1 mile-, and had eleven hundred more to travel capital Runs in peasants, they were able to induce the hardships of their journey they declared they enjoyed it, and talked nothing Sibtn 1 is not only large but it us, greater than Russia It 1- the better half, in the sense that the people fe sixpence, from the list Li her or Western point of view There was a Russian sang The heart that can the greater the danger its modem tendering The further from the capital the greater freedom In Sibeno it is possible to do things one could not do in order Prussia In the first place the di-, tance is so great that every little trouble could not be sent to St. Petersburg to settlement, the governors and others- li us to decide without reference to then central departments Moreover, the Russians I who were found in Siberia were, as a cks-, difficult to control, men who felt they were so near the deepest bottom of half the unhitched they did 01 filled to do could make but little difference in then condition Now for one Russian officer who is a man tired insisting upon the fulfilment of dead ran to the letter, there are a score who I are content if the 'spirit of the special regu labors are recognised, and all who find it I easier to let people have their own in by within is tide limits is the written law is capable of being concerned As a rule the men are reckless, the central line 1 were to shift for themselves the early, settler and released convicts formed society is nearly in accordance with their own idea is circumstances per mi trod Pnc -sore famine are uttered exile it her than the price then fath hue settlements has made same or die avenge Russian oil age, in his L the political exile- made themselves a home is good as they knew how to make it and devoted than spare time to studying the natural history, of the country around them a letter settlers come into contact in h died men who have struggled again at the State and summed, them become more in dependent, talk of their lights instead of asking for privileges and bonnet having suffered the penalty- assume freedom of all tion For the Russian peasant to travel overland towards the sunrise Is itself in education He may to some extent min fellow passengers higher than he in th -our State, he ob enes them closely, that they claim is then due he trains "Men who have been convicted of contes item petty larceny and mainly to murder The Jury then stone- and the stone They have heard tell him how he settlers had fined a n h it they have dem under and how much has been granted them the d danger- to expect, and the many- others- have taken of over come difficulties Compared with all-sea "-There is made quietly police there are towns of 1 itner great -sprawling villages miles in length and a population of horn his to ten thousand amount whom are known bad character- and yet have only a couple or -cort policemen The ordinary and- his property and his person as best he can, term it ounces cannot be noticed and the perpetrators of the worst time- often c t ipe undetected The settlers know this and it is a very good -shooting for the Lu- m j event the from of idle to go in, is the tumut to rely upon him and Mitenallv too, Sibtm is right that Russia Gold deposits and the natural the source-, mineral and vegetable awaited quotation There has been an abundance of convict labor available, -so that some St Servian villages have buildings worthy of towns and the more important centres-, as Irkutsk, rank higher than the capitals of provincial governments in Russia itself made a- break everywhere, but come incite is in its infancy,. Much of it that is produced is consumed locally, and died niMid is increasing Pi o in western Siberia, has tons of butter find a way to the ling, fish market, but it is by that of Denmark, where it is te made and so h indeed as to render it and -lingui-hable morn 'Rest Danish Some coin i Inches Russia, some is expected, much more might be raised and marketed profitably Siberia his some of the finest meadow and pi a in for grazing ground in the world, the -track in a few d¡-u¡et=> a good, but might be improved Much of it -- in the h d- the people who know no better way [ 01 using milk than allowing it to stand until our, then eat the yards Other settlers understand tanning better, these succeed, j and in view joins want better machinery, a thin the Government depots supply they combine to pinch in the latest foresters, a cape-, and threshers, and can get a local market What Siberia wants most is men, good rain mets and land workers in Siberia were thrown open to the world to colonise it would get them But the tor eignet may not own land in the Russian Empire, and the foreigner would be unwise to go so fat as a tenant liner Siberia must wait for the slow, intention methods--, of the Russian -cities to enRich bee And the peasant is slow in coming and -you in getting to work. In his wake ate as mani- artisans, traders, and non- producers as his labor and are point At the present late of -settlement, it will take generations to colonise siberia, so that at the end Russia must be out Stopped, British colonies and other lands, with no greater natural advantages, bearing so much greater population and producing to reach more wealth ^ Another fate may be in store for Eastern Siberia it I Chinese coolie labor is ft sell imported as at present. The Chinaman has built VI ubio-to'v, which is the finest town in all Sibeni, he can raise more on a mod of ground than a long-tom farmer will grow upon in acre, and neither the Russian nor the Siberian nature can compete with him the labor man tt He will be minutes of the country but even the Pacific Ocean and Lake Baikal, making of it a. second Man china, and that without owning a square j aid of ground, or having any voice in the government ox -we country he succeeds by bud work, and to Russia in the test case his labor has- already become indispensable The State, and, may be, the private capitalist-, of dr benefit, but the Russian peasant is completed outcl issued, and all the protection his Government can give him may not now suffice to place Siberia in his hand- to be continued.) 