PERSONAL NOTES FROM ENGLAND. (From our Special Correspondent.) London. November 15, 1901. THE PURGE OF WALES. The King's birthday present to his son and heir meets with the entire approval of all sorts and conditions of men. The full notification of the creation of the Heir Apparent Prince of Wales runs thus: The King has been pleased to order letters patent to be passed under the Great Seal for creating his Royal Highness Prince George Frederick Ernest Albert, Duke of Cornwall and York, Duke of Rothesay, Prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, and Duke of Saxony, Earl of Carrick and In- verses, Baron of Renfrew and Killarney, Lord of the Isles, and Great Steward of Scotland, K.G., K.T., K.P., G.C.M.G., G.C.V.O., Prince of Wales and Earl of Chester." The reason why the title Prince of Wales is created by patent, and is not hereditary, as Lord Hopetoun, in a moment of un- constitutional forgetfulness, seemed to think it was, is to prevent any possibility of the principality bCecuiiug separate from the Crown. The Earldom of Chester was formerly a principality, into which it was erected by the 21st of Richard 11. In the reign of Henry IV. this Act-was repealed, I and now the title is always granted together with that of Prince of A Wales. J As first in succession to the Crown of Scotland, the Prince of Wales, is, by an Act on the Scottish Parliament, in 161, Great Steward of Scotland, Duke of Rothe- say, Earl of- Carrick, Baron of Renfrew, and Lord of the Lands; and King Edward VII. also became Earl of Dublin in 1849, this being then made an hereditary title of the Royal house. The Prince, of Wales was created Baron of Killarney, Earl of Inverness, and Duke m York by letters patent on May 24, 1892. On the accession of King Edward VII, his Royal Highness succeeded to the hereditary title of Duke of Cornwall. The Prince of Wales is ex-officio a Knight of the Garter. The Queen and Prince Albert insisted that the then Prince of Wales should quarter the arms of Saxony with those of England, but it was expected that the titles of Duke of Saxony and Prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha would be dropped in view of the succession of the Duke of Albany to the duchies of Coburg-Gotha. Every child knows the story of the way in which Edward I presented his new- born son to the Welsh chieftains in Carnarvon Castle to redeem his promise of giving them a Prince free from any blemish upon his honor and unable to speak a word of Eng- lish." The historians, however, on the best evidence relegate this legend along with that of Alfred and the cakes, and that of Wellington's "Up Guards and at 'em," to the Apocrypha of purely fictional history. It is almost settled that Wales shall be represented in the armorial bearings of its new Prince. [A recent cablegram stated that the Welsh Red Dragon had been added to the, Royal Highness's coat of arms.] GOD SAVE THE QUEEN! The King has, it is said, approved of the addition of the following verse to the National Anthem in honor of his Queen, and it was sung for the first time at the opening of the annual conference of the British Phrenological Society at Exeter Hall last Saturday In perfect peace serene, Keep Thou our gracious Queen, With her abide; May heaven's own sunshine fair I Rest on her everywhere; Hear Thou thy people's prayer, God save the Queen. Lord Tennyson will be interested in the fate of certain lots in the forthcoming sale at Sotheby's. They consist of interesting relics of his" famous father. These are his school atlas of ancient geography, with his autograph, ayles of his schoolfellows, and a few sketches of heads, while an intimate glimpse of the poet, on the domestic side, is a two-page letter written to Miss Hayward, of Chapel House, Twickenham, announcing the arrival in this world of the present Governor of South Australia. This is an-excerpt:-"You may have heard of my wife's delivery of a fine boy. . As r have an irrational dislike to putting events of this kind in the paper, 1 really have had rear 100 letters to write in all directions." He goes on to ask if she knows of a "good, honest, practical nursemaid." Mr. Grainger has as yet received no information as to whether the South Australian Government desire to occupy any portion. of the space in the Royal Exchange which the Gresham committee have set apart for the purposes of a Commonwealth Exhibition in person. The West Australian Government has apparently already decided not to face the expense of re- exhibit- ing their Glasgow exhibits, and so far as I can learn there is' little chance of New South Wales taking advantage of the Royal Exchange show. As to South Australia, Mr. Grainger appears to think it highly doubtful whether the Government will be ready to sail with the necessary funds to enable him to get up a reasonably compre- hensive exhibit, and it is questionable whether a show worthy of the state can be got ready in time for the opening in February. "A good display or none at all should be your motto, and personally I am not at all convinced that the expense of a really representative exhibit would be justified. . Nor do I believe the State Agent is at all keen on spending money on such a show. of South Australia showed up well at the monthly dinner of the Royal Colonial Institute, which preceded the reading of a paper by Mr. Johnston on Rhodesia, at the Whitehall Rooms last Saturday. In addition to Mr". Grainger and the secretary of the institute . (Mr.- -J.' 'S.- O'Halloran) and his wife, there were present Mr. and Mrs. Alex: Mcculloch, Mr. Fred Dutton, and Mr. F. M. Dutton, and Mr.' E. Burney Young. Mr. Grainger made there. the acquaintance of the Rev. H. M. West, a brother of Mr. Fred West, who, the tale runs, once paralysed the manager of the Bank of by Australia when asked, "How will you take me?" by replying, "How much have' you got?" After Mr. Johnson's paper Mr. Grainger was called upon to give his views in the question of the desirability of Rhodesia being allowed to import Chinese laborers to work her gold mines. The State Agent complied, but warned the audience that it was not possible to deal adequately with the subject in. the 10 minutes allotted to each participant in R.C.I, debates. He proceeded of course, to condemn the proposals of Mr. Johnston, and wound up by telling the lecturer pretty plainly that if he knew the Chinaman he would much prefer John's room to his company, pointing his remarks with reference to Australian sorrows arising from the introduction of Chinamen, rabbits, sparrows, and stink weed. ': The State Agent's staff has now been brought up to a war footing, so to speak, for Mr. Champion arrived in London last Saturday after a pleasant voyage by >< D L Weiiuir, and on Monday took his- official duties For the time being has taken a lad ruched house in the INDIA district, AVIICIC he has-, .. number of lives and mends residing at the instance of the Right Hon. . Very Rev Dean Leigh or Heictoid. committee of the Grosvenor Club has, pla the name of Mr Henry Allerdale Gram on its list of members Mr R Randolph Bedford, who In-, I he reinstated a decidedly original novel, which he is seeking a publisher, has tal a house at Hastings for the winter intention, I understand, is to remain on t wide for some six or eight months Ah E R Cozens v and Mr C II i cents are leaving London this week the Continent, on route for Adelaide, I expect to arrive in time to bid then mci a happy new year Senator Matheson writes- to the 'Mo ing To-!" defending the Right Hon Geo Reid from the accusation of matches astuteness" levelled at him In that to make Sydney correspondent Mr Mid son explains. Mr Reid's attitude, and 1 objection that the Federal Government Immigration Restriction Bill it, not straightforward one, and concluded, by an mg that Mr. Reid appears to have take up an absolutely logical position from 1 point of view I regret to learn by cable of the den of Mr John Mallinson Williams, which to place at Cape Coast Castle on November Mr Williams- was well known are! the mining element in A our city, and AX among the pioneers of the Cinderol colony *, goldfields Among old Coolgardie and Kalgoorlie folk he will be best reader bered at the initiator of the exile expie M item It is rather more than 32 years since the great explorer, Captain Charles, Sturt passed away at the age of 74 His wife followed him in 1887, and now the deal of their eldest son, Colonel Napier George Sturt, it announced He died on Monday at Llanx changed Court, Abergavenny The deceased officer joined the army in 1895 was gazetted captain in 1863, major in 1873 and lieutenant colonel in 1884 Lieutenant Colonel Sturt seat cd in the Abyssinian campaign, and comm ended No 2 Company; Bomb in Sappa s, which did much service on the Senate Pass, and the second bell and he was present at the action of Liege and the capture of Magdala He married in 1876 a daughter of Mr J P Muirhead of Uaaelex Count, von Lieutenant Colonel Sturt was in his 66th year Mr Alexander Theophilus Singleton, c Japan and Australia, who, I understand was the representatives Japan at the Mt bourne and Sydney Exhibitions, died sud deck last Sunday at Kennington Mr. S Davenport and his wife- are, '. understand, leaving England by the Hima leave for Adelaide The chief reason to: Mr Davenport's return is, I hear, the fact that Mrs Dnenooil'*- health has.-, been at tested by the vagaries, of our glorious eli mate Miss Ada Crossley set the seal on her reputation by her concert in St James' Hall last Tuesday night. She had a very large audience, with a considerable leaver, of Anglo Australians, and her reception was as enthusiastic as her singing VA as artistic She showed her versatility by tin ' faultless technique," ' full appreciation, and interpretative intelligence-: with AAIUCII she rendered an "admirable and aged programme of interesting songs in lines cut tongues and of very different sexes "In fact,' as the "Daily Tele- graph" cut c says. the singer's are put the most favorable complexion on every piece English, French, German, Italian, and Danish revived to show Miss Crossley's linguistic as well as A ocal proficiency. The Servi m fence was the only one that she re- fused to take, With the entire approval of her head era, for her delicious rendering" m Euxlish of The Servian girl" (one of a trio of Mr Albert Mallison? songs which she introduced), led to quite an ovation of both singer and composer Lady Halle and Miss CrccÄloA time to take breath, and to transfer her thoughts from one language to another, and delighted the audience Axith Handel's violin sonata in A, and other number- The cities to a man are enthusiastically eulogistic The phrases quoted are a fair sample of then appreciations and it only remains to add that the Timer," says that Miss Crossley proved himself no less an artist in her singing of songs than she is in her singing of orator of music " Miss Amy Castles, who. by the way, the "British Australasian" says Axas born in 1882, is having her Away made smooth by her numerous friends and Aveli-AA- ishers, who have secured the patronage of the Prince and Princess of Wales for her concert next Tuesday. The gossips of the theatrical world a yet that our mutual friend, Mr. W. J. Holloway, is contemplating a return to Australia early next year. Once more the tale is told to the effect that Madame Melba has completed ar- rangements" for an Australian tour next year. This time the tale is true. Madame will leave England in July, open a season in Melbourne about the middle of September and visit Sydney, Adelaide, and Brisbane. I am not the least bit sceptical as a rule, but Madame Melba's name has been so often taken in vain in connection with a trip to Australia that I should have had my doubts concerning this latest intimation had not madame herself told me that the statement is "perfectly correct." The Prince and Princess of Wales have presented the Stepney Borough Museum with a number of relics from Australia and New Zealand. The presents received by the Prince and, Princess during their tour round the world are to be on view at the Imperial Institute shortly. It is hard to realise that Florence Nightingale is still with us. But though he is in her 82nd year, she writes to the "Times" this week to remind us of, and make an appeal for, an establishment for sick gentlewomen, which, with the help of Lady Canning, she founded in 1856, and presided over until she went to the Crimean war. The best bicycling performance of the year is undoubtedly the 100 miles ride done bjT A. A. Chase in 2 hours 45 min. 20 sec. Last Saturday on the Crystal Palace track. Paced by a motor tandem, Chase covered his first mile in 1 min. 54 sec, and negotiat- ed 10 in 16 min. 25 sec. , At 50 miles (1 hour 20 min. 23 sec.) records began to fall, and at 62 miles Chase had beaten Bouhour's record for the distance by nearly eight minutes, his time being 1 hour 40 min. 53 sec. At 63 miles' Chase was 21 min. 34 sec. inside F. C. Armstrong's time, accomplished on the sand track in 1898, and keeping up high pressure left Armstrong's record for 85 miles with nearly 32 min. in hand. A. E. Walter's figures were the next to fall. The Polytechnic rider's time of 2 hours 54 min. 38 sec. for 86 miles was reduced by Chaise by 32 min. 34 sec, and the 91 miles by over 35 min. In two hours Chase covered 72 miles 900 yards,- beating Palmer's record by" over 10 miles. At 92 miles E. Gould's time of 3 hours 6 min. 56 sec. was considerably altered, Chase recording the distance in 2 hours 32 min. 24 sec, and the same rider's figures for the 100 miles by- 33 min. 20 sec. Chase continued on for the three hours' record, and covered 100 miles 1,026 yards, as against A. E. Wal test, records 01 88 miles 900 ACRES. This means a shade better than a 1 min. 40 sec. gail all the way. ___-_---_-____--_-_ 