THE COMMON WEALTH. GOSSIP ARD_ NOTES. —Business of the Representatives.— SYDNEY. November 24. The Minister for Home Afiairs, llepre» sentative Sir William Lyne, in the course of an interview to-night, said that the House of Renresenlatives would nrobablv umuuiu iiujil OjrvucuilJUL it/ ui xu uii lul middleof January, Iledid not think that the tariff would, be much cut about, excepting perhaps in regard to revenue duties. With reference to the sugar duties Cabinet had decided to pojstirauii their consideration un til it was known what the Senate intended to do with the Bill dealing with the kanaka traffic. He was inclined to think that the session might last till March. MELBOURNE, November 24. —The Government and Wireless Telegraphy — The question baa arisen whether the pro vision of the Postal Act which gives the Postmaster-General the exchwiye right to send messages by telegraph- applies to the system of wireless telegraphy. The genenii impression in official quarters is that it does so apply. The question has come u\\) for solution owing to the proposal by a private company to set up a system of wire less telegraphy between Tasmania and ona of the islands oif the coast of that state. This is held to amount to an invasion oi! the rights of the Federal Government, and in order to have n definite answer from the Postmaster-General on the subject Senator demons has put a question on the business paper of the Senate for Wednesday next in regard to the situation. —Slow Progress.— Ministers express the hope that the tariff will pass through the llouse of Representa tives before the Christmas ndournrnent. A good many members of the Opiwsitiou tliink that every endeavour should be made to realize it. The reason for wishing tj expedite the matter is that the delay is causing much loss and inconvenience to business men throughout the Common wealth. Very much better progress will have to be made in the future than, has been in the past. The record lo date is nine items in three weeks at the most. There are only 17 or 18 sittings before tha Christmas adjournment, and there are about 130 items to get through in that time. Even with the co- operation of the Opposition the task looks hopeless, unless the Govern ment is willing to make concessions that will please all sides of the House at the same time.' —An Absent Senator.— Senator Mathcsou (W.A.), who is now in London, has cabled to Dr. Mclnerney, bit legal adviser in Melbourne, asking to be in formed when the tariff is likely to be dealt with in the Senate, as he wish's to return in time to take part in its consideration. —Labour Party's Policy.— An important and interesting discussion on tire tariff took place on Wednesday at the weekly caucus meeting of the Labour Party, Mr. Watson presiding. The party first considered a letter from the Melbourne Trades Hall Council, in which its coopera tion was sought in an agitation aiming at the extension of the wages board principle to oil industries the subject of national protection. The letter g»ve rise to an ani mated conversational discussion, in tho course of which both freetrade and protec tionist membew united in declaring that protection should be withdrawn from any industry the employers of which opposed the establishment of some tribunal whereby the employes of the fostered industries may share the fruits of tho policy by securing a fair rate of wage for a reasonable number of hours of work. A resolution was passed pledging the party to co-operate with the trades hall in the attainment of the end desired. The party next reconsidered seve ral of the items in the tariff, and debated anew their incidence. The duty upon which attention was most closely concentrated was that on starch. The Labour Party favours a reduction of the duty on rice for starch manufacturing purposes from Ca. 3u. per cental to 3s. per cental. If the membera are successful in securing this reduction they will move for a reduction of lhe . duty on manufactured starch from 2d. to Id. per Hi. — Melbourne 'Age.' — Future of New Guinea. — It was freely alleged in the lobbies of tha Federal Parliament on Thoraday that the real reason why tie Federal Government is pressing the consideration of the future of New Girinea at the present juncture is that the Cabinet has received confidential infor mation that the imperial authorities- are contemplating the abandonment of the ter ritory in the event of Australia refusing to take it over. For reasons of high state politics, it is alleged, the mouths of Minis ters are closed as to the position of affairs1 which renders such an abandonment within, tho region of practical discussion. That there is solid foundation for the theory, however, is jwrsistently maintained.— The Melbourne 'Age.' —Complaints by Victorian-Cable Users.— The following is a copy of a reply by the Prime Minister to the representations made to him by eable.users with reference to the position of Victorian cable matters:— 'Sirs — Referring to your letter of November 1,_ signed by yourselves and certain other gen tlemen, representing the cable users of Mel bourne and Geelong, on the subject of the position the State of Victoria occupies with regard to the Cape cable, I am directed .by the Eight Hon. the Prime Minister to in form you that the matter to which you refer is now under consideration, and wil be determined as soon as pressure of other- urgent business permits. I am to add that Mr. Barton fully recognises the propriety of a speedy settlement of the question, (feign ed) Atlce Hunt, Secretary.' —The War of Railway Rates.— The Nhill correspondent of the Mel bourne 'Age' telegraphed on Wednesday: —'A conference of representatives of tie NhilL Jeparit, Kaniva, Dimboola, and Warracknabeal agricultural and pastoral ? societies was held in the Lowan shire hall,. Nhill, to-day. Mr.: J. J. Fraser was elect ed to the chair, and moved the following resolution, which was carried unanimously: —'That this conference of the agricultural and pastoral societies of the North- West Wimraera respectfully petitions the Minis ter of Railways to substantially reduce tho freight on goods from Melbourne to this remote district, and thereby not only bene fit the individual settlers, but also protect lhe commerce of Victoria and tho business of the railways from the competition of. South Australia.'. The chairman was autho rized to present the .resolution to the Minister of Railways. Mr. Barber, of tho Victorian Railway Dwartment, was pre sent to note tho proceedings and supply in formation as to the Victorian railway rate?1. It transpired that goods are carried on South Australian lines 198 miles for 27s. 6d. per ton, while the charge made by the. Vic torian railways for the same distance 13 nearly three times as much.' —Japanese Protest Against the Immigra* tion Restriction Bill.— Copies of correspondence between the British, and Japanese Governments in re lation to the Commonwealth Immigration Restriction and Postal Bills were laid before the Senate on Friday by the Post master-General. The Japanese Minister in London declared that under the proposed educational test no Japanese, however well educated in Japan, might.be permitted to land in Australia unless he could write in one of the European languages: and that practically meant the dosing of the Aus tralian Continent to Japanese in general. Mr. Chamberlain's reply was that in 1807 the Japanese Government specially askwl that an effort should be made to induce the Australian colonies to adopt the samo course as the Government of ? Natal and the test proposed in tine Australian Immigra tion Restriction Bill would appear to meet what had hitherto always been understood: by boith _ His Majesty's Government anil Lhe colonial Governments to be the wishes of the Japanese Government in the matter. For that, among other reasons, Mr. Cham berlain did not think His Majesty's Go vernment was in a position to suggest ft modification of the immigration test, or that there was any prospect that the Com mon wcallli Government would bo able to. entertain such a suecestion. — Australian Meat for the Navy and tha Army.— The Prime Minister laid on the table of the House of Representatives to-day craTc STXindence wiiieh pa.sse-! between the Com monwealth a.ml Nevr Zealand Governments and the Secretary of State for the Colonies in repard to the supply of Australian iue.'.u for the use of the imperial army and navy. It oj-ens with a telegram from the Prime Minister to Mr. Sedikm, Premier of New Zealajid, in which tile sender states tha.6 he wra asking Mr. Chamberlain thai he might be advised in duo (.iine of the require ments of Uie Admiralty and iilie War Offics* as to meats, whether frozen, chilled, or pre served. In this telegram The Primn Min ister asked for the co-operation of Nw Zealand, because he thought it vrould be of advantage to both to tender as oppor tunities arose. Mr. &.d-lon replied concur^ ring in a joint cable mesrage boinj: sent on behalf of Australia and New Zealand, but asked that preference nhould be given to New Zealand. On receipt of this communi cation Representative Barton sent a minute to tiie Governor-General, in which he asked Lord Hopctoun to cable to the Secretais of State lor. .the- Colonies to the? fefiect that in cases o£ contracts contemplat ed by the Admiralty or the War Office for the supply of meat timely notice should be given to enable tenders to be made from Australia or Xew Zealand, also that preference should be given to j meats offered from within the British Em- \ pire over those from such, places as tlie South American republics and other fo reign countries. In reply to the Governor General's cable message came a despatch from Mr. Chamberlainl dated October IS. enclosim: a communication from the Admi ralty dited October 7. The Litter staled: — ^ilr. Ivan McGregor is comra;uided by the Lords Commissioners of tlie Admiralty to st;ite that the principal supplies of pre served meats purchased by the Admiralty comprise Irish and Danish salt pork and American salt beef in casks, and Australian and American boiled beef and mutton and corned beef in tins- The Admiralty ha-s not any experience of Australian or New Zealand salt pork and salt beef, delivered to victualling establishments in Great Bri tain, althouidi supplies are obtained in Sydney for tbe use of H.M. ships on the Australian. East Indies, and China station?. Moreover, all preserved meat for these sta tions is obuined in Sydney. When pre served or canned meat for the navy gene rally ia required, invitations to tender are ?issued to the leading Australian firms through, tlieir accredited agents in Great Briliiic, and contracts, for this class of meat during recent years havH been cn tra.^wd almost exclusively to Aus tralian packers. Throe of His Ma jesty's naval esxabl=iimenU abrcad— ilalta, Gibraltar, and Port Said— draw sup plies of frozen meat uaJer standing con Tracts, and at oil these places the meat tapj4ied (.times from Australia. Xo sup plies have been obfciined from South Ame rica, and the Lords Commissioners are Inllv dive to encouraging by every means in their power business relations with colonial | producers. The following note which was,! made by the naval authorities at Sydney an j tenders for salt betf received at that port j on June 25 List will show that they liavej tbe matter of colonial supplies continiully Iwfore them:— 'Owics to the scarcity ot ?cattle in the Australian colonies, {inns are eoj disposed to tender for any krge quan tities of salt beef.' '' —The Sugar Bounties Conference.— The International Sinar Bounties Confer ence will shortly held its second meeting at Brussels. Tne conference was convened by Belgium, in 1S9S, with the object of arrang in-i for the abandonment of the bounty po licy, or for its nullification by a policy of tountervailing dunes. England, who was represented by Lard AmpSill — one of Mr. Chamberlain's 'vtaing men' — went into tiie ', conference with sonie alacrity, owing to tiie extraordinary position of the West Indian sugar industry. The conference, however, came to nothing for various reasons,^ not the lea.st of which was the fact thai Great Britain would not pledge herself to coiun teryailing du:ies. Whether the present call ing together again of t&e; conference indi cates a disposition on the part of the Salisbury Ministry t° affree to a device which will have the effect of countervail ing duties without bearing the name re mains to hi seen. Mr. Chamberlain is tak ing the utmost pains that the British re presentative siali be thoroughly posted en toe Australian aspect of the sugar problem. Some weeks ago the Colonial Secretarv cabled to Mr. Barton asking for particu lars of the siisar duties proposed under the CoflEnoravealtli tariff. The information -aras supplied, and was doubtless considered by the British Cabinet when debating the instructions za be given to the English spokesman at Brussels. More recently Mr. Chamberiain cabled indicating that the British Government is prepared to extend to anv compact that may be arrived at by ?ie conference the same policy pursued now in connection with, all commercial treaties made between Great Britain and forerpi Powers. All such treaties now con tain a eLtuae tie effect of which is that tlie treaty shall not apply to any selfgovern ing British cokray unless the local Govern ment formally expresses a- wish to be in cluded. Whatever, therefore, the British Government does at Braaseis will not bind Australia unless the Commonwealili asks to be included in tbe agreement. The a» tiritv displaj-ed bv the Colonial Office is by no means unappreciated by the Federal Government. Ministers dearly see that tiie Brussels gathering and its decisions will Slave to be closely watched. If counter vailing duties are imposed in England so a.- to shut out bounty Ted beet sugar, the growers in Russia, Germany, and_ France Trill endeavour to seek a. market for their cheap .sugar in Australia. /This may neces sitate a drastic revision of the import du ties. On the otfcer hand, the imposition of countervailing dutiea of a nature which will discriminate in favour of British colonial products will open fresh avenues for ex ports of Queensland sugar. Mr. Barton will probably send Mr. Chamberlain a confiden tial despatch on the subiect.— Melbourne 'A?e.'r —The Vancouver Mail Route.— Although the existing contracts with the shipping companies by which Australian niails are carried to England via .Suez have nearly ioar years to run, the Postal Depart ment is fuiry alive to the possibilities of t!ie Tantxmver route. In course of conversation Mr. Scott, the principal secretary, com menting on the recent article in the 'Age' on the Vancouver route, said it was im possible to foresee what developments would take piace in the matter of steamship speed and the use of turbines in four years. Tho great objection from his point of view to the Vancouver route to England was the danirer of the mail trains on the cross Canada line being snowed up. To mer chants the Saaz route was specially conve nient o.vina to the fact that they were able to get in touch with the mail at so many points. They could time the arrivals of re mittances almost to within a few hours.— Melbourne 'Age.' Engiish Mail Services.— The Postmaster-General iias (says the Melbourne 'Argus'') received the following letter from the secretary to the British pcr t.il autnorities:— 'I am directed by tlie Postmaster-General to acknowledge the re ceipt of yonr letter of 5th August stating that the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce tad caHed attention to the late delivery of the Endish mails by &2 contract packet Cnzco. and adding t'nat the Austral also has been observed to. be late. With refe rence to the list appended to your letter giving particulars of five occasions in all on wiiica these two ships are said to have arrived after contract time, I am to point out that it is necessarv to discriminate be tween contract time and time-table time, the company's time-table showing a shorter period for transit tfcan their contract binds them. to. From the accompanying tabular statement you wHl see that of tie live cases mentioned only three were cases exceeding contract time, and Hat to a much less ex tent than was supposed. The circumstan ces in which the lace arrivals of the Cuzco took place are then ascribed in the letter to adverse weather conditions and accidents to the machinery. 'The Postmaster- General,' the \etie- continues, 'is most anxious that the service should be worked according to the time-table, and the directors of the company share in this anxiety; bat it must be borne ia. mind t'nat public events of great importance have placed them in some diffi culty-' The R.M-S. Orient, it is pointed out, has been chartered by the War Office as a transport snip, while the Ophir lias been in crrnmiseion as a royal yacht in con neetkMi with the tour of their Royal High nesses tiie Dnke and Ehieaess of Cornwall and York. However, 'the PostmasterGa neral has reason to hope that the Ophir Trill shortly be restored by the Admiralty, and ?will be substituted for the Cuzco on tie oc casion of the voyage from London com mencing on Jannary 3 next. Details relat ing to certain arrivals of the Cuzco and Austral show:— Excess Over Date of Contract According Arriral Time Shown to at at llel- Bccenfe or Adelaide. bourne London G.P.O. G.P.O. . Hours. ILM. Ctnro .... Sept. 25, 1000 231 S !0' Austral . .. Xuv. 6. WM 15J 1 5Jf Cteco .... Jin. 30, 1SO1 K5J IS 35* Aostal . .. Feb. 26, 1001 15 l-3rd 0 »t Cuico .. .. July 2. 1301 21 10 U* *Late. fBefore contract time.' —Postal Insurance Rates.— fhe Postmaster- General and his expert advisers are anxiously considering the pro posed scoeme for a uniform system of in enrance on letters and small parcels of de clared valne. The English system grants compensation in case of loss up to £12 for a fee of 3d., and subsequently up to £13) for fees of iW. for each £12 of declared value. The fees are, however, so distributed thai the money received by tbe post otfice worka out at only W. per £12 risk when the letter travels Dy land, and Id. when by sea. These rates, however, would, in tbe opimon of some of tbe permanent beads, in no -way smt the great risks run by the Com monwealth post office, with its lonely ofikes, long coach journeys, &c.; As an example of the' precariousness of tbe revenue received under the exiting compensation system, Mr. Scott, the principal secretary, mention ed that the Government of India, through one accidcnt-\i fire on a train— re- cently lost the wiiofe.of a year's insurance fees. Some sort of compensation scheme is, however, needed without delay. ? In South Australia and Western Australia, no com pensation is given. Whatever is proposed ?vsall have, therefore, to include these two states within its operations, and thereby in augurate a new postal'era on tbe western side of tbe continent Two pounds is tbe amouat-of compensation. ;given in -the east ern states in the case of the loss- of a regis tered letter, and damages to the extent of £50 are claimable if certain fees are paid. It is probable tbat tbe Commonwealth scale will be somewhat higher lhan the English, viz., about 6d. to insure against a £10 risk, and 3d. for each extra £10 up to £100.— Melbourne 'Age.' —The Melbourne 'Argus' and Mr. Kingston. — The Melbourne 'Argus' of Saturday con tains the following letta from Mr. King ston:— 'In your issue of this morning you devote something more than a column of your paper to the description of what you refer to as a 'Scene in Parliament,' with which you associate my name. Your report is. however, a simple travesty on honest journalism. Xo reputable person who was present can defend it. In proof of this let me refer to two matters:— 1. In the first place, whilst referring to my anger, the 'Argus' represents that it was 'quite un provoked.' To this end your reporter de chres that the speaker (Sir William Mc Millan) to whom I rcpb'ed had 'saidn* thing that ecnld be regarded as offensive.' lie fortifies this by the precis Vhich he gives of Sir William's remarks. Yet, as a matter of fact, Sir William had used the following words:— 'That statement' _ (that importers should be prepared to disclose their prices.) 'is another proof of the abso lute ignorance of those who have tried to frame' this tariff. . . . What absurd and unadulterated nonsense the contention is!' I give you tlie very words as supplied to me by the leader of the Parliamentary 'H.insard'la.st night. Suggestions of 'ab solute ignorance' and 'unadulterated non sense,' to my mind, axe not unfittingly met by countercharges of 'pure drivel,' 'gross egotism,' and 'insufferable conceit.' At the least, the suegestions are offensive. Yet your paper declared 'that nothing that coukl be regarded as offensive was said,' ami suppresses the fact tbat the word 'un adulterated nonsense' was used by the speaker to whom I replied. 2. But the second matter to which I draw attention is even more disgraceful. I was referring jocularly to what would have happened if Mr. Reid had been there when Sir William McMillan had made his announcement in relation to the alteration of the composite duties. Mr. Solomon equally jocularly in terjected that he (Mr. Reid) 'wonld make me hide under the table.' Your reporter has taken upon himself to state that this harmless enough retort 'referred to an inci dent in Mr. Kingston's career.' There never was aay incident in my career to which such a remark could have applied. It was not attempted by Mr. Solomon to be so applied. !No one who listened could have honestly imajrined the contrary. It has been reserved for the malignant imagina tion of some one on your staff to so apply it, and it is a disgrace to the veriest rag that prejudice should be allowed to in fluence reporting, even to the extent of in venting suggestions of discreditable inci dents in personal careers, to support the torturing of badinage between friends into malignant insult. 3. I could say mue'h more, but I let the above suffice. It should at the least satisfy the public thai your re port reeks with recklessness and is foul with malice. Of what worth are the opinions ot' a paper when simple facts thus suffer at its hands.'' To this the 'Argus' replies: — 'We usually reject all communications written in tie insulting and vituperative style of the above letter. Otherwise discussion would be impossible. But publication in this instance will show the charac ter and style of the Minister who is charged by his fellow-members with turn ing tlie House into a 'bear garden.' Our report itself was a record of wojds actually spoken. It does not profess to be verbatim, but it faithfully gives the substance of the 'Hansard' report ojioted by Mr. Kingston. The opinion expressed in our comment was that Sir William HcMiEan's re marks did not justify the paroxysm of temper which for the time stopped the business of the House. And as the McMillan remarks about the 'absolute ignorance' and the 'unadulterated non sense' of parts of tiie tariff have been said in effect by friend and by foe— by nearly every affected trade — the comment seems to be perfectly fair. Nothing, in fact, could excuse such a paroxysm as that of Thurs day—as nothing can excuse Mr. Kingston's letter. Our reporter was under the impres sion that the mysterious remark made about 'hiding under the table' referred to the 'duelling episode' in Adelaide, Decem ber, 1892, when Mr. Kingston, who had been called by Mr. (now Sir Richard Chaf fey) Baker 'a coward and a bully, whose word had been disbelieved by a select committee,' retorted by a challenge to a duel, and was arrested by the police when keeping his appointment,, armed with a ful ly-loaded six- barrelled revolver. Many stories were afloat at the time, and our re presentative informs us that, writing in the haste of the late hour, he was under the iicpressicjn that a personal reference to the Minister was implied in the 'hiding under the table' remark. And if our attention had been called to the matter we would have been at pains to frankly express our regret and to explain tlie misconception as fully as possible in Mr. Kingston's interests without that gentleman's indulging in a further outbreak. It is to be noted that Mr. Kingston's violence is bestowed upon all who differ from his view. Even when re presenting Australia in London last year, he could not refrain from publishing let ters accusing an Australian Governor and an Australian Chief Justice, the one of 'unseemly conduct' and the other of 'se crci intrigne,' because they thought the ap peal to the Privy Council shauld be main tained in certain cases and he did not; and for this he had to be publicly rebuked by the Secretary of State. Great consideration is nced«i for tlvise whose task it is to face and criticise this Minister, because it is impossible for tbem to reply io his diatribes en tbe Kingston lines. Still, both in the press and in Parliament, this duty has to be fearlessly discharged.' Mr. Solomon has alsx) contributed to tlie correspondence a letter regarding the 'table incident,' in which he says: — 'I know of no incident in Mr. Kingston's career to give point ta sj:cb a suggestion. My interjec tion was merely intended to convey the impression that if tfca leader of my party (Mr. Reid) had been present, he (Mr. King ston) would not have been quite bo bold, but would have 'hidden under tho table.' Tnis may perhips have been a little inno cent exaggeration, but beyond tbat I have not the least intention of even supgesting eny slur upon the career of the right hon. the Minister for Customs.' ? 