^Lltc ©oittribVitor. TOWARDS THE SUNRISE (By WIRTGEKRAKE). CHAPTER IV.-RUSSIA'S BKlTJiK HALF. {Published by EKcial arrangement willi t'Ue author. All riglirs reserved.] About three hundred years ago, whilst Oorfcez was conquei-ing x3ie new world for Spain, Yestnak, an outlaw, went eastward find annexied Siberia for ivan tllie Terrible, Tsar of Muscovy, alld a11 t)lle Russias America has since changed hands several times, and has evolved nations, whereas Russia in Asia has simply grown, and justi fied the boast of 'the juinperor Nicholas I., ffliait 'wWe the Russian flag 'has once flown i'c siiall never be hauled down.' For three hundred years Russian policy (wi'Uli regard to Siberia was unchanging; the east was a convenient p'lace to 'which to send the undesirable subjects of the Tsar. Ivan the Terrible sent the first exiles tjjfere. He even banished to Siberia an Eng lishman, one William Barnsley, of Worcee *ter, who long ai'cerwards letumed a wealthy merchant. It is only since the commence ment of the last century that Siberia has fceen raised to the status of a colony to be eetded by free men alone. Like French and German 'foreign possessions, d't has uio sys tem of self- government. Its laws are the ?Russian laws, administered in the different territories by t'he corresponding chaneelries in St. Petersburg. There is no miittister for Siberia, or special, exclusive department, ? unta-is the immigration Staff be so consider ed. The Russian Empire is to be homo geneous; Siberia is to become Russia be yond -ohe Urals, or beyond Bailed, nothing . more. Topographically and etahnJographicaUy ft&ie; countries are similar, the dividing line as purely artificial, the easibera slopes and the -western slopes of the Ijrals ore almost identical. Siberia, it is contended, has no glacial period, dux it is no worse for tnat, uriless its emirate, whicJi is tiholt of Russia fintensified, is one result of tihe deprivation of an interesting geological epoch. Russia has frozen tundras, virgin forests, great waterways flowing niotrth and souui, an immense plateau but lk'tle albove the sea level, a belt of black soil, prairie land merg ing with sandy desert. Siberia has tine same. Bussia has Samoyeds, and Laps; isolated settlements of Mordoi Chuvases, bands of Ctoaming Backers and Kalmucks. Siberia, if it has not the same people, has simi lar races, and to the far eMt and north natives of distinct types. It is not these iwho constitute either Rus^a or Siberia. The Slavs banished to Siberia, or trans ported there ee convicted criminals, have nil been people who dared to do and to be; Wie reformers, the faddists, the malcon tents, the unconventional couls, whose spirits were nt war with the prevailing state of things, individuals of strong character — ^whether good or bad — recalcitrant beings .whom the rulers wished Yo tame, or think ens and ac'cons in advance of their time jyrhose propinquity was felt to be dangerous to the State. Just such men and- women hb have made history in western Europe. fl!hey were followed by those who loved and appreciated them, well enough 'to share their fate. To these mus'c be added the free ad venturers, men bold enough to risk the un known and win fortune or perish, therefore essentially different to the socklistically in clined Slav, whose nature it is to depend always upon his ruler, i'he (State, or his fei lows. Many of these pioneers succumbed to the hardships of cue journey or the life; many left no successors. The isolated degenerate criminals would have become extinct ae a j class but for the couetant stream of their kind from Europe, so 'die portion of the ^ population which is Siberian by birth and descent is derived from either the best of the exiles or the soldiery sent to guard the prisons and settlements. As yet these have not become a na'cion or distinct people. ?* Military coloniee were tried in Russia more than a century ago, and found want ing, in the south and east of Russia they have become extinct. Akin to them are the Cossack settlements in Siberia. These were formed 'for two purposes; first to sup ply a resident military force near the fron tier; secondly, to populate the country with a farming element. The two are antagonis tic, hence failure in both. The Cossack is teseentially a nomad grazier, immediately he tills the soil he loses the instructive quali fies of the Cossack soldier. He has an im . movable stake in the country, he is un willing to turn out for military work when hie allotments require hio labor. Last year great difficulty was experienced in getting the settled Cossacks mobilised for the mili tary operations against Manchuria, and the better the soldiers succeed as farmers the : [worse soldiens they make. Then as settlers v and farmery they are inferior to the agricul tural immigrants from Little Russia, in ferior to the exiled ??eettlere and their des cendants, but they manage to maintain themselves in primitive Cossack fashion. As the child of a Cossack is entitled to succeed to a share of the real estate of the settle ment, or to a (free grant of land from the Government, there is a premium on immor ality^ and the succession is complicated by multitudinous issues difficult to decide and rarely determined in a way satisfactory to nil the parties. The greatest trouble arises iWhen the advantageous situation of a Cos gack post leads to its development as an ? industrial or distributing centre. The pro . gress of Stretensk, Chita, and other places is checked by 'the Cossack administration, ? whose military organisation is incompatible ,tvith urban government. At StretensK, with a population of 8,000, of whom only 1,200 _ are Cossacks, the military colonists claim 'to possess all the land in the vicinity — and this . at the actual terminus of the great Siberian railway! The same troubles wJl arise in ' turn at Gorbitsa, Pokvovka, mid the other , ? ? (favorable points on the Shilka and Amur Bivers, as the country becomes colonised from the west or east. If the settlement of the Sand by means of military colonies has failed, the colonisa tion by administrative order, as at present pursued, is likely to prove equally abortive. A large number of immigrants are return ing to their native place in Kuropaan Rus eia. They are the people who Lave been allotted land unsuitable for their occupa tion, who expected an easier life than they found, families who would prove good colo nists if properlv allocated. The English remedy would be to allow the individual freedom c£ action withiu definite limits, and \- permit him to choose the district and, if free, the particular lot therein, which he ?^feels capab!e of occupying profitably. It ?is doubtful whether such Russian peasants as the Government aids to reach and settle in given parts of Siberia would, be capable of choosing wisely, but if they failed, they would have themselves only to blame, whereas tfoey now assert that the Govern ment, and 'tine Government only is rfn fault. The emigration movement iu Russia is to some extent regulated by the liability of .the agricultural peasant to pay his way with his commune to the State. In some districts, particularly in LitWe Russia, there is congestion, the peasants are fairly well to do as peasants, and liberty to emigrate to Siberia is easily obtained. Then there are poor agricultural districts, with land which may be grazed, but which is not profitable to till, and from these districts it is easy to -obtain a transfer. There are also inhabitants whom the communes would prefer to be without; and there are peasants who, from, the accounts they have received from former neighbors ? or from relatives, are desirous of seeking fortune in Siberia. There are also colonial communes who wish to receive further settlers of the right kind; thess arc generally in a position to guard their interests and to obtain what they require. The unsuccessful agricultural laborer of the pauper class is the emigrant most un wisely treated by the Government. He and his are either conveyed to sea to Vla divostock, or forwarded overland to mid Siberia. He gets a free pass, he is fed during ihe long journey, well housed at his destination, and kept there in idleness, sometimes for months before assigned his land. From the Government stores he gets an allowance cif provisions, and the necessary agricultural implements, eeeds, and inr.ti'uctions. lie leaves, confirmed in his idleness, fully assured that -the Stale snust, and will support him, aud more or less careiess of Uie amount to his debit for advances. Sometimes before he has been asked for the first payment he is tired of Siberia and work. He cannot clear his ground, the insects annoy him, his stock does not thrive, Siberia does not suit him, the older settlers are against him; so he gives up, and drifts. Sometimes the immigration authorities are in fault. They locate men laboriously haphazard. Or the central authority is to blame by attempting with such immigrants to oust 'exiled and early free- settlers whom the Government consider to be squatters! Land which has been cleared and made to yield a profitable return is wrceted from those who have always tilled it, and ap portioned to the more favored newcomers on terms. Sometimes the newcomers hold to their gift; sometimes the former holders manage to cajole or frighten them away. In such districts there ie more strife than honest labor. The immigrant, who is almost a pauper, is so treated by the immigration officers that as often as' not he becomes absolutely pauperised, and learns to depend upon tho authorities for everything, everything to him being the bare necessaries of life. Tho six weeks' sea voyage, the comfortable housing and good food at the immigrant Btation, tend to make the peasant disin clined to begin afresh in a rude log hut on virgin soil, with none but etrangere around him, and unknown difficulties and dangers presenting themselves at every turn. The overland railway journey to Eastern Siberia takes the immigrant at least twice as long as it does the ordinary traveller; the greater part of the time he is waiting on a siding. From Smolensk to Baikal in a month is good travelling. He has to await a Government barge or ..steamer; and from that he, with all his belongings, may be put ashore wherever the depth of water may require that the ship be lightened. An emigrant camp on the banks of the Amur had been formed in that way; the pas sengers had been there fifteen days when I spoke with them. They expected to re main another fortnight, and it ia possible that they are there still. Unless a Govern ment boat with spare accommodation hap pens to take them on, they have only two things to do — become squatters at that spot, or construct a raft and float down stream' to their destination or an emigrant station. This last is the easiest solution; it requires only the men. Away down the Amur I passed a small rait constructed or a few baulks of driftwood, bound together with withes. The oars were sticks, to which, for blades, the staves of an old cask were tied; other staves made the floor; in an old soap-box was tea, bread, and salt; ? in the lid of an old tin box the embers of the fire were kept aglow. The men had come on this rough craft eight hundred miles, and had eleven hundred more lo travel. Typical Russian peasants, they wero able to endure tne narasnips oi tneir journey; they declared they enjoyed it, and lacked nothing. Sibeiia is niot only larger, but it as greater than Russia. It is the better half, in the sense that the people are superior, from tihe Briitieh or Western point of view. There was a Russian saying:— The nearer tihe Czar 'the greater the danger. Its modern rendering is— The further from the capital tihe greater freedom. In Siberia it is possible to do things one could not do in older Russia. In the first place the dis tance is so great that every little trouble could not be sent to St. Petersburg for settlement; tihe governors and officials had to decide without reference to their cen tral departments. Moreover, the Russians who weTe found in Siberia were, as a class, difficult to control; men who felt they- were bo near the deepest bottom of hell that Whatever they did or failed to do, could make but little difference in their condition. Now for one Russian official who is a mar tinet, insisting upon tihe fu'lfilmenit of every law to the letter, there are a score who are content if the spirit of the special regu lations are recognised, and fifty who find it easier to let people have their own way within as wide limits as the written law is capable of being construed. As a rule the men are reckless, the officials lazy. ? Forced to shift for themselves the exiles, settlers, and released convicts formed society as nearly in accordance with their own ideals as circumstances penniifched. The eecre terians who suifered exile ratiher than sac rifice their faith have settlements far in ad vance of tfhe average Russian village, whilst the political exiles made themselves a home as good as tlhey knew how to make it, and devoted their 6pare time to studying the natural history of we country around them. ? Later settlers come into contact with these men who have struggled against the State and survived, they Become more in dependent, talk of their rights instead SI asking for privileges and soon — not having suffered tihe penalty— assume freedom of ac tion. For the Russian peasant ' to travel overland towards the sunrise is itself ;in education. He mixes to some extent with fellow passengers higher than Hie in the social scale, he observes them closely, what they claim as their due he claims. Men who have been convicted of crimes from petty larceny and mutiny to murder, tell turn their stories, and the stories they have heard; tell him how the settlers have fared^ what they have demanded, and how much has been granted 'clhem; the dangers to ex pect, and the means others have taken to overcome difficultdes. Compared with Russia, Siberia is inade quately policed. There are towns, or rather great sprawling villages miles in length, and a population of from five to ten uuousand, amongst whom are known bad characters, and yet have only a couple of score policemen. The individual guards lids property and his person as best he can; trivial offences cannot be noticed, and the perpetrators of the worst. crimes often esj, cape undetected. The settlers know this, and it is a very good schooling for the Russian peasant who, from cradle to grave, is never taught to rejy upon himself. Materially, too, Siberia is richer than Russia. Gokl deposits aud the natural re sources, mineral and vegetaole, await ex ploration. There has been an abundance of convict labor available, so that, some Si berian villages have buildings worthy of towns, and the more important centres, as Irkutsk, rank higher than the capitals of provincial governments in Russia itself. -Trade is brisk everywhere, but com merce is in its infancy. Much of what is produced is consumed locally, and the de mand is increasing. From western Siberia, many tons of butter find a way to the iing lish market, but it is by way of Denmark, where it its re-made and bo handled as to render it indistinguishable from ''Best Danish.' Some corn reaches Russia, some is exported, much more might be raised and marketed profitably. Siberia has some of the finest meadow and prairie grazing ground in the world; the stock in a few districts is good, but might be improved. Much of it is in the hands of people who know no better way of using milk than allowing it to stand until tour, then eat the curds. Other settlers unaergfaand farming better; dhese succeed, and iu a few years want better machinery than the Government depots supply. They combine to purchase the latest harvesters, reapers, and threshers, and can glut a local market. What Siberia wants most is men, good farmers aud hard workers. If Siberia were thrown open to the world to colonise it would get them. But the foreigner may not own land in the Russian Empire, and the foreigner would be unwise to go so .far as a tenant farmer. Siberia must wait for the slow, uncertain methods of the Russian eettler to enrich her. And the peasant is slow in coming aud slow in getting to work. Iu his wake are as many artisans, traders, and nou- producers as his labor will sup port. At the present rate of settlement, it' will take generations 1» colonise Siberia, so that in the end Russia must be out stripped, British colonies and other lands, with no greater natural advantages, bearing so much greater population and producing so much more wealth. Another fate may be in store for Eastern Siberia if Chinese coolie labor is freely im ported as at present. The Chinaman has built Vladiyostock, which is the finest town in all Siberia; he can raise more on a rood of ground than a Russian farmer will grow upon an acre, and neither the Russian nor the Siberian native can compete with him in the labor market. He will be master of the country between the Pacific Ocean and Lake Baikal, making of it e second Man churia, and that without owning a square yard of ground, or having any voice in the governmenit of ^e country. He succeeds by hard work, and to Russia in the far east his ? labor has ?? already become indispen sable. The State, and, maybe, the private capitalists, will benefit, but the Russian peasant is completely outclassed, and all the protection Tiis Government can give him will not now suffice to place Siberia in his hands. (To be continued.) 