i FEDERAL ELECTION. Mit. BELL'S OAXDIDAIUBE FOR DARLING DOWNS. (From Our Special Correspondent.)' TOOWOOMBA, August 25. itr. J. T. Bell, who is a candidate for the vacancy in the House of Representatives caused by the death of the Hon. TV. H. Groom, late member for the Darling Downs, addressed a meeting of the electors in the new T,own Hall, Toowoomba, on «Saturday night at S.30. Although the weather was very threatening, the hall was crowded, and the gallery, which was reserved for ladies, was well filled. His worship the 'Mayor of Toowoomba (Alderman Rowbolham), presided, and there were present with the candidate on the platform-Mr. J. Tolmie, M.L.A., Messrs. Prank Patterson, J. Nihill, W. B. Taylor, R. Sinclair, B. J. Beirne, jun., G. A. Leichner, H. C. Pointer, R. fW. Scholfield, Crotty, Shaw, Crisp, Torbock, Borden, J. Rowe, C. Campbell, Curtis, and about twenty other gentlemen. The Mayor, in introducing the candidate, said that Mr. .Bell was a gentleman who was not only well known in political circles, but also one who was most favouraby known throughout his own electorate, and although there would probably be many who difiered from .Mr. Bell's views, he was sure that those present would accord him a patient hearing. Air. BELL, who was received with ap- plause, said that before he embarked upon the contest he wished to<ay a few words about the Hon. W. H. Groom, whose la- mented death had rendered the coming election necessary. In a few well-chosea words he paid a high tribute to the late member, both as a man and as a states- man, and described bim _s the very best member of (Parliament he had« ever met, and one who in his demeanour always preserved the best traditions of the House of Commons. He (Mr. Bel!) stood before the electors as one of the candidates for the Darling Downs electorate in the Federal ¡Parliament, not as the result o£ any»wire- pulling of his own, but in response to widespread desire expressed by gentlemen in all parts of the electorate. This desire accorded with his own wishes, as it had been his intention at some later date to enter the arena of Federal politics. In the oast Federal politics had been «con- fined to the discussion of abstract ques- tions, but now the matter of abstract prin- ciples had given place to party politics. Some attempt had been made in the Too- woomba " Chronicle" of Saturday to de- prive him of the necessity of explaining his views to the electors. Indeed, it had professed tn its leaders to explain his views for him. It had stated that the " Bris- bane Courier" had endorsed him. and had plainly stated that the real political issue of the Darling Downs election was " For, or Against the Barton Government." It did not matter to him whether the " Courier." the Leader of the Government, or the Leader of the Opposition endorsed or opposed him. He bad entered the State Parliament in spite of the expressed opposition of the late Sir Thomas Mcil- wraith, then Leader of the Government, and sooner or later he would enter the Federal Parliament whether the leaders of the House approved or opposed him. But while it did cot matter to him whether the Brisbane " Courier" or the Toowoomba "Chronicle" endorsed him or not, what did matter was -what the electors of the Darl- ing Downs thought of his candidature. The electors would read much in the next fevf weeks of the opinions of the "Chronicle" ; but he wished them to understand that these utterances would not be so much the \- utterances of an impartial critic as of an anxious partisan. If the " Courier" en- dorsed his candidature it was because the " Courier" wanted to : tout the " Chronicle" endorsed Mr. Littleton Groom's candidature because it had to. .Cojning to his views of the parties in the Federal Parliament, he wished the electors to understand that he would accord a general support to the «Barton Government. It would, however, be a critical support with an absolute free- dom of action, not hampered by any en- dorsement ¿ut that of the electors, who had freely chosan him as their representa- tive. He wes preparid to give a general support to the Harton Government so far as they had disclosed their policy ; but there were indications of matters on which he was not prepared to give them an un- qualified support, and there were already, even, matters on which he would offer the most strenuous opposition to their actions. Regarding the special questions at present before the country, there were none more important than the tariff. He considered that Mr. Barton had shown most unreasonable delay in this matter, and Queensland merchants were being seriously hampered ia their operations by the prevailing uncertainty. The longer the delay was continued the greater would be the disadvantage to Queensland merchants. He considered that in this matter Mr. .Barton deserved t-ensure, and if he (Mr. Bell) went into the House with Mr. Bar- ton's endorsement, he could not give that criticism, or vote adversely to him as he could do going as he intended, with an entirely free hand. There were several other matters in which he considered_Mr. Barton was deserving of censure. Under the scheme o£ Federation, there were several departments which the Federal Government had the option oí taking over from the State Governments, and amongst these was the department controlling ocean lights. We have along the Queens- land coast a system (the credit of which was due to Captain Heath), by which the Queensland coast was admirably lighted, and which was liberally supported and maintained by this State. Although all the Commonwealth benefited by this expendi- ture. Mr. Barton's Government had shown no desire to take this department over, and the chief reason was that that Go\ em- inent was spending more money than had been anticipated, and it would only be when some Queensland members of the House of Representatives insisted on it that matters like this should be righted. The Barton Government had been, so far, very extravagant, and on all hands the Press were condemning their lavish expen- | ôiture. In the matter of salaries in the Queensland State Parliament, and indeed in all other State Parliaments, it had been the practice to recognise the principle of one man one salary ; but in the Federal Parliament, the Barton Government had made a new departure, and now drew double salaries, as members of the House, and members oí the ¡Ministry, with an addi- tional allowance of two guineas per day when absent from Victoria. One matter of particular importance to the Darling Downs electorate was tee immigration Re- striction (Bill at present befc-rethe House, one clause of which was of such a character as, in his opinion, to demand the most un- compromising opposition. By this clause any person who fails to write out fifty words in the English lasguage was pro- hibited from entering the Commonwealth, j Any .colony owing in the past so much as Queensland -undoubtedly did to her German. Danish, and Scandinavian immigrants, should strenuously oppose such a clause. In the Xew South "Wales Act the clause read, "¡Fifty words in any European language," aird the same was true of the Western Australian Act ; but under Mr. Barton's provision very many desirable colonists would be prohibited from enter rag the country. The Darling Downs owed much to her German and other European settlers, many of whom could not write English, «but who were nevertheless w-ell able to write in their own language ; and the electors should send as their repre- sentative a man who would be 'ree to oppose such a clause. If they sen: a man down as their representative who had the endorsement of _[r. Barton, he would have to give to that gentfeman an unhesitating following in return for that endorsement, and might before Jong find himself ia the position o' being compelled to vote dead against the interests of his constituents. in order to save the very existence of the Barton ¡Ministry. In regard to black labour, he wished io describe his position I very clearly to the electors. It was clear to him that ultimately the Kanaka must go. The only question was one of period. The men who had invested their money in the sugar industry had done so in good faith ; they did so believing that the Kanaka was legally here and that their interest were thus protected, and in common justice sufficient time should be given to withdraw their capita], or make what other arrange- ments for its safety they desired. There were numerous small sugar-growers who had invested their all in the industry, and who were just as much entitled to protec- tion in their vocation as the farmers in the Darling Downs, and in common justice sufficient time should be given them to get them out of their present position. He would give five, seven, »or ten years* grace, and in "this he was only following the lead of the mea who knew the requirements of the industry fcest, and indeed the lead o£ such men as the late Hon. W. H. Groom himself. It was from the Labour party in the South that the demand for the im- mediate dismissal of the Kanaka came, and the demand was so unreasonable that even the ¡Labour party in Queensland were against it, and Trould allow a reasonable time for getting-rid of him. ¡Much had been made of «Mr. Littleton Groom's claim to election on account of his lather's ser- vices ; but if the candidates were to ap- peal on sentimental grounds for election, he was not one whit behind Mr. Groom in this respect. He also was the son of a father who had rendered great services to the State of Queensland, and the name of Sir Joshua P. Bell had been as widely known and as highly respected as that of the Hon. TV. H. Groom. He trusted, how- ever, in the good sense of the electors to send him with a free hand io be their representative in the Federal Parliament, rather than 'Mr. Littleton Groom, who was bound hand and foot to Mr. Barton by his official endorsement. .Mr. J. TODMIE, M.L.A., in proposing a \ote of confidence in Mr. J. T. Bell, said that the electron was unique m cbara^sf, inasmuch as it was the first election for a ?vacancy in the Federal Parliament. The candidates w-ere both natives of the Darling Downs, both barristers and men of culture, high attainments, and unimpeachable character Mr. Bell, however, had the ad- vantage of nine j ears' Parliamtntary ex- perience, and was in direct touch with the producing industry of the Downs Mr. B. J. BEHKCE. Jun , seconded the », ote of confidence, which w as supported by Mr. Ct'KTIS (chairman of the M'ddle Ridge Shire Council), and- earned b» a large ma- jority. On the morion of the Candidate tUr. <J. T. Bel!) a hearty vote of thanks was ac-. corded to the Mayor f»r presiding. 