SUMMARY. In. the Legislative Council yesterday, tho Mining Act Amendment Bill and ' tho Agri cultural Lands Purcha80 Act Amendment Bill were road a third time and passed. (Page 3.) / . ' 2 . The Aboriginals Protection Bill was read a second tinio. (Pago 3.) The second reading of the Spcoial Sales of Lands Bill .was moved by Mr. Murray. .' The dobato.wiis adjourned. (Page 3.) ' \- In the Legislative Assembly, the estimates for tho Homo Secretary's Department wore considered. (Pago 3.) Tho criminal sittings of tho Distriot Court were continued yesterday. (Pago 7.) Tho -Perth Eleotrio Tramway Company issue £160,000 of first mortgago debentures. (Page 4.) ' An attempt was msdo in .Victoria to wreck a- railway train by means of a picoo of timber 10 feet long by 7 inuhes thick.. An arrest is expooted. (Page.'S.) V Gold ana silver modals kayo been pre sented by the Now South Wales Government to Mr. Lamport and Mr. Hamilton, of the HentyBank. (Page 5.) The ohiof engineer of the steamer Tanglian just arrived iu Sydney, says oil is the fnol of tho future. Oil was. used by the Tanglian with highly successful resnlts. . (Pago 5.) In theHouseof Representatives, Mr. Barton was asked if interstate freetrodo would ensue when tho tariff was laid on the table, but the Premier was unable to antiaipate .the Treasurer on the point. (Pago 5.) Mr. Fowler desired to ask' Mr. Barton in the Houeo of Representatives a number of questions relative: to the treatment of three troopers of the fifth Victorian contingent, who were sentenced to death in iSonth Africa; (Paged.) In the House of Representatives Mr. Barton accepts an /amendment iu the. Immigration Restriction Bill, permitting the' test to be administered in any European language. (Pages.)' The Danish gunboat Moon has sunk in the Bound. (Pago 4.) . / The Dukodud Duchess of Vork now havo arrived at Vancouver. ' (Pago 4.) The betting on the America Cup is slightly in favour of the Columbia. (Page 4.) Tho British revenue returns for tho quarter ended September 30 are published. (Page 4.) Chinese belonging to tho Triad Secret Eociety havo burned down a mission station st Piangyong. (Pago 4.) A fire at Vanoouver Island Colliery im prisons 15 men. Fonr explosions have occurred and all hope is abandoned: (Page 4.) A tomporary settlement of tho Grimsby fishing strike nas been effected by tho efforts of the Earl of Scarborough. (Page 4.) It is reported"that Austria will decline to renew the commercial treaties, with Germany if tho new German tariff is. persisted iu. (Page. 4.) Miss Stone, an American missionary, lias been captured by brigands in Macedonia, and £27,000 is being paid for lier release. (Page 4.) The Shoikh of Koweit has como into col lision with tho Nejd tribes, and :tlie British authorities are sending gnus to Kowoit for the Sheikh's use. (Pago 4.) A prolongod drought obtains in Lanca shire and Yorkshire, and thousands of pcoplo are out of. work. Tho discontented operatives have destroyed dams and weirs) .(Page 4.) ' Further particulars of the reverse sus tained by the American force in the Philip pines show that the disaster was tho result of \- treachery by those who had sworn allegiance to tho United States. (Page 4.) Tjaardt Krugcr, tho youngest, son of th ex- President, is dead. (Page 4.) Major Anstruthers Thomson is made u Companion of the D.S.O. (Page 4.) ' Smuts with his force lies crossed the rail way at'Shedon, and is going west. (Pago 4.) It is averred that sailing ships have landed contraband of war at Lambert's Bay in Cape Colony. (Page 4.) Commandant General Botha is said to bo trying to regain the Piet Retief district in tho Transvaal. (Page 4.) It is reported that the Boers lost 200 killed and 300 wounded and captured in their at tack on Fort Italia. (Page 4.) The War Office denies that any trouble exists with Lord Kitchener as to the cam paign in South Africa. (Pago 4.) Some Boer prisonera at Itajawa camp, in Ceylon, tunnelled -50 feet, but wore discovered, and huvo been confined within prison walls. (Page 4.) Particulars as to tho Army Corps com mands in England now arc forthcoming. There is a great outcry as to General Bullcr's appointment. (Page 4.) The offer by Boer prisoners in Ceylon, to servo ill tho British army ontside South Africa, has boon accepted, and 170 nre drilling fur service in India. (Page 4.) After the disaster to Major Gough's forco tho Boer women at Vrylieid lined the streets and jeered nt the British released prisoners, the wounded, aud the dead. (Page 4.) 