QUEENSLAND DAIRYING. EXPERIENCES OF A DANISH IMMIGRANT. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,-Eighteen months ago I came to Queensland, together with twelve other Danes, all hoping and expecting in due time to be owners of small farms, which the agent in London, Mr. A. Larsen, informed us were very easy to obtain, the land being cheap and wages high. Now, this eighteen months has taught us that land is dear and wages are small. What is the use of inducing us to immigrate ? We Danes were led to believe that free passages to Queens- land were given to us because Denmark, in regard to farming, is well on a level with other countries, and much ahead of them in dairying; and we aro conceited enough to think that by teaching the Queenslandes how to get the most and best milk from their cattle, and how to make first-class butter, we might be able to obtain good situations, and soon become independent. But on arrival here wefind that the employers do not want us at all, and that we arealmost hated by the men we were supposed to work hand in hand with. Many a good man has left Denmark on the promise in black and white from the agent that the wages for good dairymen \- and by that we mean especially butter and cheese makers - were as a rule from £3 to £4 a week. The truth is the wages to start with are only from 25s to 30s. a week, and find yourself. Deduct from that, say, 12s. or 14s. for board and a few shil- lings a week for clothes and other neces- sities, and how much will be left to buy land with? No: if Queensland wants a good return on all the money it has spent on the immigration scheme, let moneyed institutions and capitalists buy land, build on it, stock it, and then divide it into colo- nies for the different nationalities, thus creating competition; then we Danes will prove that it was not money wasted when our passage was paid by the country. For we think it is rather hard lo expect of us to take up land and stock it by our own labour when receiving such magnificent wages; at least we take the liberty to think it very doubtful if we should ever be able to accomplish it. In regard to the dairies, of course too much must not be expected, as Queensland in this branch Is only in its infauey yet. As far as the butter is concerned, the quality is not so bad; but it has one fault, namely - it will not keep for any length of time. This, however, can easily be reme- died by proper pasteurising; that is, not to warm the cream up to 100deg. Fahr. only, but to about 200deg. Fahr., and to keep the heat at that temperature while all the cream passes through the heatig ap- paratus. It has been proved over and over that if the cream is not warmed to about 190deg. Fahr., or, in fact, if the heat goes be- low l86deg. Fahr., the process of pasteuris- ing is perfectly useless, as the heat below 185deg. Fahr. is not sufficient to destroy the bacillus, especially the much-dreaded tubercle bacillus. Our way in Denmark to obtain good but- ter is this:- We first destroy all bacilli in the cream, and then add stuff, which miost Danish dairymen know how to pre- pare, which contains the bacilli needed to make the cream thick and sour and ready for the churn. But that is not all; the wooden vessels should every day be well rubbed on the inside with lime, and after it has bad time to soak in and fill all cracks, to be well washed with boiling water and left in the fresh air to be thor- oughly aired. Frequently the butter will be found spotted, or what we call greasy or soft. The reason of this is that the buttermilk is hardly ever worked off altogether, and that too much butter is put up the ma- chine at a time. Perhaps many will say, "Oh, this is all very well"; but it is wrong to do it, for if these remedies are never applied Queensland will never be able to compete with Denmark on the butter market in England, and I think Den- mark can say, as Pat said about the rent, " I am aisy." Of cheese, there is only very little made here, and hardly any of the cheeses made will stand cutting without crumbling. The best colonial-made cheeses I have seen here were from New Zealand. When con- sidering the prices of cheese, I should think that cheese-making ought to be very profitable, as the dealers are not afraid to ask 1s. 2d. a pound; whereas in Den- mark only 2d. or 3d. per pound is asked, and yet a good profit is made. Before finishing, I should like to add a few words about the cattle. In respect to them It is hard to understand why a country like Queensland is so far behind the times. It has all possible advantages in regard to keeping milking cows in good condition, and yet they give proportionately very little milk. Why is not some of the timber so plentiful in this country used to build stables for the cows? Everyone who knows anything of a cow will know that it only takes one solitary cold night to deprive a cow of half its milk. That could be prevented by building stables in which also a considerable amount of manure could be saved which now goes to waste. The urine, which is not offered a thought here, is thought a great deal of at home, where it is even considered better than solid manure, especially for oats and first years' graying. If the cows were taken home and kept in the stable during the winter, and the urine gathered in a tank, to be used soon after the first crop of oats, then would the next crop be very strong, and make invaluable food for the cow at a time when grass is scarce. Now, if the Queensland breeders, with all their knowledge and wisdom, .would buy more oilcakes for their cattle, then would a large amount of money that is now used to buy stud bulls and cows be saved, for it is the feeding and treatment that makes the good milker more than the best bull that money can buy, and as long as the cows have to go out in all kinds of weather and the calves allowee! to suck their mother, it is only throwing money away to try to better the breed. -I am, sir, &c;, C. S. HANSEN. Brisbane, 25th September. 