SUMMAKY. Apropos of tho XVar Office denial that . friction! has arisen with Lord Kitchener, tho London ."Standard" declares that it io Intolerable that this ruinously expensive war has not been ended. ( Tjaardt Kruger, tho ex- Prcsldent's youngest son. who recently surrendered to the British, has died after a short illness. Latest advices are to the effect that 200 Boera were killed, aad over 300 wounded or captured, during tho attack on Fort Itala. In tho fight with Botha on tho Zululand fron tier tho British lost a lieutenant and 11 men' killed, and five officers and 38 men wounded, while 63 are missing. A rebel named Wolfaardt, tried for treason aS Graaf Relnit, blamed Dr. To Water and Oliva Schrclner for inciting him to rebellion. Two hundred Boer prisoners, now on parole iri Ceylon, have offered to servo with tho British! army outside South Africa. Commandant Theron is endeavoring to join Commandant Louis Maritz and other Boers, to talling 700 men, north of Clanwilliam. Tho sentinel at President M'Kinley'o tomb at Canton, Ohio, has been stabbed by two night prowlers, who escaped in the darkness. President Rooseveldt persists in moving about! without an escort of detectives. Mail news by tho R.M.S. Ventura gives fu« particulars of the assassination of the late Presi dent M'Kinley. A motor-car painted red was used instead of horses at a bull-fight at Bayonne, France. Tha bull declined to face it. Mr. George Clutsam, a New Zealander, gained first prize in Chappell's musical competition Ion the full orchestration of a harlequinade suite. At tho Loudon colonial wool sales on Monday, prices for merinos were Irregular, and values for medium crossbreds easier. Tho Governments of Hungary and Austria de cline to renew existing commercial treaties if tho German tariff is carried. Tho Austro- Hungarian press declare that tho Triple Alliance is imperilled by the action of Germany on the tariff question. Lord Yarborough has induced the Grimsby! strikors to resume work at the fisheries pending Board of Trade arbitration. The Danish gunboat Moen has sunk in tho Sound while experimenting with high explosives. The crew were saved. The Triad rebels have burned a mission station: in China. The missionaries escaped. The House of Representatives yesterday resum ed consideration In committee of the Immigration , Restriction Bill. A proposal to limit tho Immigration Restriction Bill to three years was decisively rejected by the House of Representatives. Provision has been made in the Immigration Restriction Bill for an annual return of all immi grants admitted under the law. Some Interesting information relative to the Property Acquisition Bill was given by Sir Wil liam Lyne last night. The military incident, leading to the imprison ment of a member of the Fifth Victorian Contin gent, was referred to in the House of Represen tatives last night. Mr. Barton promised to Inquire into the alleged mutiny and consequent imprisonment of a Vic torian soldier in South Africa, hut deprecated any, premature action. Mr. See is dissatisfied with the manner In whlclt military matters are managed by the Federal authorities. Mr. M'Gowen's motion, affirming the principle of 48 hours' work a week, as applied to all Go vernment employees, was discussed In the Assem bly last night. In several Government departments, said Mr. M'Gowen, there are men working 8-1 hours in tho week, 72 hours in the 24, seven days a week. On a motion for adjournment in the State As sembly last evening, tho powers granted to com panies under hills of sale were discussed. The report of the Royal Commissioner on the accident at tho Broken-hill South mine in May last stales that no one was to blame. Certain recommendations for making the Bro- ken-hlll South mine more secure are made in tho report of the Royal Commissioner. ' The State Premier stated last night that he was not yet In communication with the Imperial authorities regarding a successor to Lord Beau- champ. Karl Kubuell, commercial traveller, was charged at Rcdfern yesterday with having given poison to Florence Ellen Smith, with intent to murder. Some romarkable statements were made yester day tn connection with tho charge of attempted murder preferred aga'nst Karl Kuhnell. It was alleged that Kuhnell gavo Florence Smith some medicine containing poison shortly beforo tho date fixed for their marriage. Tho ease of alleged attempted murder at Redfern was adjourned till to-morrow. Accused was refused bail. Herbert and Joseph Minton, arrested in connec tion with the Henty bank outrage, have been sen tenced at Albury to 12 years' penal servitude. Mr. Justico Simpson yesterday said that tho country ought to bo proud to possess men of the stamp of Mi. Lamport, tlie plucky bank manager of Henty. Mr. Lamport and Mr. Hazleton were publicly presented with medals on behalf of the Govern ment at Albury last night for valor shown on the occasion of the Henty Bank outrage. William Tomllnson has boon found guilty ot tho White Cliff's mall coach robbery, and sentenced to ten years' imprisonment. Tho Public Works Committee took further evi- dence yesterday respecting the proposed additions to Prince Alfred Hospital. The Minister for Public Instruction proposes to utilise the existing school buildings in tho northern suburbs for purposes of technical edu cation. The railwny summer time-table, including as it docs a number of important train alterations, ' will como Into force on the (itli Inst. Tho summer servleo between tho metropolis and tlie Blue Mountains has received liberal con sideration by the Railway Commissioners. A child four years of ago was burnt to death at High Lake, near Bombala, on Monday afternoon. A sensational attempt to wreck the passenger train travelling betweon Warracknabeal and Hope- toun is reported from Victoria. A Chinaman named Ah Wiug was, at tho.Globo Court yesterday, fined £100 for having un customed cigars and tobacco in bis possession. The winegrowers of Pokolbin have formed an. association to lie known as the Pokolbin and Dis trict Vlncgrowers' Association. The steamer Oakland, which was stranded at the Richmond River entrance, was floated off yes terday. A warrant was issued yesterday for the arrest ot John Marshall, secretary of a Melbourne build ing 6oclety. who disappeared last week. Tho labor trouble in connection with tho Gcnowlan shale mine still continues. It la to bo settled by arbitration. An important decision has been given by tho Wagga Land Board relative to the building con dition on homestead selections. The R.M.S. Ventura arrived at Auckland yes terday, en route from San Francisco to Sydney. Tho German moil steamer Karlsruho called at Adelaide yesterday, en route from Bremen to Sydney. Tho German steamer Tanglln, which has ar rived from Singapore, used liquid fuel. Tho chief engineer describes the experiment as a distinct success. Tho steamer Moresby, from New Britain and New Guinea, on route to Sydney, reached Cook- town yesterday. The opening day of tho swimming season was celebrated by a banquet at tho A.B.C. Cafe last night. Alderman Fowler, for over 29 years a member of the City Council, has resigned' from that body. Of tho Customs revenue received yesterday, amounting to £7534, the sum of £3599 came under the heading of spirits. Hautvillers has been scratched for the Caul- field Cup, and Grasspan has eased In the bottiug. The lawn tenuis tournament was continued yesterday. Play was very good, notwithstanding the unfavorable weather. The new banner of tbo Sydney Cpai-lurapcrs' : Union was officially unfurled at the Federallon- hall lost night. Tho Sydney mining market was very dull yes- , torday, though there was not much actual- change in prices. ' . \ Prlvato advices from London give the buying quotation for lead as £17 18s 9d, showing a de- x ' ellne of 3s 9(1 per ton since 9'liursday last. The Anglican Church Assembly In Melbourne - passed a resolution yesterday regretting the in tended resignation of Bishop' Goo, _. 