.-'THE WEEK. IP anything were wanting to show the hollowness and insincerity of free-trade tactics it would be the shameless iucousis-. toncy of Mr, Itcid and Sir AVilUam M'Mlllan over the Immigration Restriction Bill. These two. leaders of the free-trade party have' been vehement in asseverations even to the extent of incipient disloyalty against the Umpire.. Mr. Reid has professed to discover an Improper interference 011 the part of Mr. 'Chamberlain, and a surrender by Mr. Barton of our legislative independence. There is, of course, no truth In either statement, as ho one knows better than Mr. Reid, for he was one of the colonial Premiers who, when visiting England, had a consultation' with the Colonial Secretary on the best way of attaining Australian wishes. But accuracy and voracity are not the bait which free- trade anglers use when they are striving to obtain a nibble from the Labor vote in view of the forthcoming tariff struggle. They care very little about the principle of a "white Australia," but they would like to weaken the Government just as it Is abo'ut to enter on the fiscal contest. Only a few months ago, in the New South Wales Legis lature, Mr. Reid was expressing opinions ex; actly opposite to those he has now picked up for momentary use, and the political Ajax who is now ready to defy the lightning off the whole world was cautiously recoim mending that nothing should be. done until the Colonial Oilice spoke definitely on the subject. Prec-trado" leaders have certainly a very -poor , opinion of labor intelligence, since they can fancy that the Labor repre sentatives' iu the Pcdcral Parliament will be so easily . bamboozled. They will find that they have acted their demeaning part in vain. Mr. Barton has done what anyone In a position. of responsibility was bound to do. . He iias striven to secure the object in view in the manner which, will give the least unnecessary offence. It is' easy1 enough for unthinking people to regard .with uncon cern the embroiling of the Empire or the Injury done to friendly relations with other powers, but statesmen have, to bear 'these conditions in mliid. There is good reason for the assurance .given that the; educational test will be sufficient to keep out the class of alien Immigration we wish to exclude. If it does not there will be ground for proceed ing to severer restriction, but at least we may try the method recommended as - less likely to give offence. " / A npHE Legislative Council's contemptuous _1. treatment of the Exported Products Bill furnishes further ex'auiple of Its parti san bias and Its Indifference, to the real in-: tcrests of the country. It has preferred to listen to the representations of the lhlddle- men rather than to study the true necessi ties of the position. There -is nn accumula tion Of expert evidence sufficient to' satisfy tiny unprejudiced mind that the supervision asked for is required to prevent the dete rioration of Victorian butter, but the Coun cil prefers to listen to the ancient claptrap against any Interference with trade. If people like to make Inferior butter It. Is, ac cording to Council ideas, a gross onslaught on individual liberty to place any restriction on its being sent away to be sold, even though an enormous injury may be done to the reputation of the trade. There is no getting the Council away from the attitude of obstinacy and ignorance. It shuts Its eyes to facts which are accepted everywhere else. .Danish supremacy has been built up simply by Increasing care and the subordina tion of the individual to the general good. Danish butter commands the top price in tile market because nn average standard of excellence can be depended upon. Does the Council imagine that the standard Is main tained without any supervision, and by its favorite process of letting everybody do as lie pleases? The Amerlcnns almost lost their share In the butter trade through neglecting classification, but they are quick to learn the teaching of results, and have remedied their mistnke. Since New Zealand has gone In for grading butter It has done much to Improve its position on the London market. The bill which has been thrown out also proposed to deal with the export of meat. The reputation of Australian mutton hns suffered greatly from inferior shipments, and prices furnish unanswerable argument con cerning the practical value of supervision such as New Zealand imposes. This mea sure, founded upon experience and expert ndvice, had been carefully prepared, and wub accepted by the Assembly after pro longed discussion. But in the Council a few minutes was sufficient to. wreck the work- of months. Is it any wonder that the coun try cries aloud for a reform of the constitu- tion which will place some limitation on the exercise of this Irresponsible and ignorant interference? OTJT of the .blundering and m(smannge- merit of. University finance may be dis tilled- that essence of good which the poet tells us may be found In' all. things evil. There is a wonderfully favorable oppor tunity presented for drustic reform in Uni versity administration and; methods of teach ing. While things were going on wltli the serenity which attends undiscovered mis deeds all the forces of conservatism in edu cational matters would have risen in objec tion to any Interference with the customary procedure. Those who suggested radical alteration would have been classed with the Nihilist and the Anarchist. After the exist ing management has been so terribly . dis credited there will, be a disposition to listen with more attentive ear to proposals which a little while ago would have been con temptuously set aside. Not only - in busi ness supervision, but in the scope and alms of educational attainment, is there much to be altered. With an appeal made to the Stale for monetary assistance the right of interference which always existed can be applied more readily. Nor must Its exorcise be limited merely to the securing of better business arrangements. AVe want to do something beyond the protection of the Uni versity against robbery In. future. The course of instruction needs to be enlarged" and brought more ' into accordance with modern requirements. A iarger share of at tention must be paid to the scientific and the practical, for it is to the' increase of scientific !knowiedge that wo must look for the further development of our mining, agri cultural and industrial pursuits. . The pro fessors must realise that students do not exist for their convenience, but thpt they have been appointed to well paid and re sponsible positions In order that they' may. spread the enlightening influences of know-, ledge. They must lie prepflvod to do some thing more than give a perfunctory course of lectures in the daytime to a limited- num ber of students. There are many working in offices or factories who would gladly avail themselves of the chances, which evening lec tures would afford. As a national Institution, the University needs-to broaden its- efforts. If something can be done to achieve this- purpose, " and there is no reason why it should not, the trouble which kiui befallen it may prove a blessing In disguise.. WITH any consistent policy of 'closer settlement there must be recogni tion of the fact that the end may be at tained by many methods. When private, land owners are cutting up their estates and; supplying the demand of settlers anxious to go upon the land, with an avoidance of pioneer difficulties and willing to pay.' the price, there is no reason for' the. State to> enter into, competition. The result that . It? wishes to accomplish is being gained, and- ltt energies may- well be turned' In'auoth'er direc-- tlonv - The. utilisation of Grown lands foffbtt same purpose of closer settlement serves :a- double object.- We get the people "tin: the soil and at the same time turn unoccupied or partially occupied land to more- profitable results. The. Minister of Lands has received a. most encouraging report from an official expert on the possibilities contained in the suggestloirof Mr. Nichols, a Glppsland-mem- bor, that the Fuiriln'a district shall- be- made available for closer settlement. The locality Is declared to_ contain land of excellent- .quality, capable of sustaining a large popu lation, rind well adapted for the production of .special and general farm products. Its accessibility needs to be improved, but otherwise all the conditions of prosperity ap pear to be present. A suggestion which offers more immediate opportunity Is that- the land now In the possession of the Leon- gatha labor colony should be turned to simi lar account. Why should the Government go on purchasing private estates when it hns at Its disposal a valuable property partially cleared and suitable for the condi tions of closer settlement? The Leongathn estate has all the conveniences of access, and clearing enough has been done to enable cul tivation to follow at once upon occupation. Of course, there would be a valuation put upon the property according to Its improved condition, and settlers In each Instance would have to take up their share of the liability, In the same manner as they have now to do upon resumed estates. By utilising the labor colony for pioneering work upon Crown lands Ave may find Indeed a practical solution of the unemployed problem. IN the spring the clerical fancy turns not lightly to thoughts of congresses, con ferences and assemblies, where subjects of grave import concerning the moral and re ligious welfare of the community are debat ed with more or' loss of Intelligence and earnestness. The Anglican Church has open ed the season, and' the nddrcss delivered by the Dean of Melbourne iu the regrettable absence of the Bishop touches upon many matters of more than denominational In terest. The expression of condolence and sympathy, with Bishop Goe is one which will obtain sincere reiteration from all sections of the community. The bereavement from which be has suffered has in lesser degree af fected all who were acquainted -with the charitable purpose and Christian onden- vor of the late Mrs. Goe,. I-Ier memory will live in sweetness. The retirement of Dr. Goe front episcopal office IS not unexpected, Ills hcriith has broken down, and lie feels that he is consulting the Interests of the dio cese .in making way for a successor. Al though not comparing with others who haye .gone before in breadth of intellect and oratorical eloquence, his occupancy of the see' hns been mnrlied by earnest- attention to duty. He lias not swayed the community, but he lias sought to faithfully perform his responsibility to the church, Dr. Goe has; not belonged to the order of travelling bis hops who are to be found"more often out of their diocese than In it. He has always taken his 'work- seriously, 'and sacrificed per sonal considerations to' its conscientious per formance. Dr. Vance, In his nddrcss, sur veyed mankind with extensive view. He de nounced the epileptic rage of the Anarchist —blind, furious and unsparing— striking at nations through-, their heads and at society through its symbols. He gave utterance also to his views on Christian Socialisrh, re ligious education and divorce. The proposal to re-establish the church school, in order that the clergy may regain their influence over the children, finds favor in his eyes. The suggestion is significant of what would be the denominational attitude if the Catho lic claim to -a separate grant were allowed. The State system of secular instruction would be undermined, and we should re- turn . by degrees ' to the old arrangement which was discarded, for its inefficiency and its encouragement of sectarian strife. On the question of divorce, the doau takes the cus tomary stand 011 the literal interpretation of certain Scriptural texts. He. would crush human nature at any cost of suffering nnd injustice into the clerical collar, and would retain the nominal sanctity, of the marriage tie when all the reality of sanctity had de parted from the marriage. , It. is a good tiling for the community that' clerical powqr Is not always equal to the accomplishment of elericnl desirc. WHEN Sir George Turner makes his Budget speech next Tuesday— for we may assume that there' will be" no .further postponement— he will have the satisfaction of predicting a rising- revenue. ' The condi tions are favorable. There is every ap parent prospect at' the present time of a good season ahead, both for agricultural nnd for pastoral pursuits. The receipts for the last quarter show that we "are on the up grade. In Victoria there is an Increase of £ 180, 000, and New South Wales would be able to ex hibit, an even larger advance If the Common wealth expenditure had not been deducted. A new Treasurer in New South Wales has recently delivered Ills budget. Mr. Waddell may; be ; lacking in political experience, but he has not lost his original faculty of com mon sense. He derides the idea that budgets should simply serve, as an occasion for pef- sonal;controversy', one self-constituted' expert In finance belaboring another with about "equal cluinis to consideration. Mr. Waddell -does, not .even believe Jmthe Auditor/General - trying/to. trip up trie Treasurer, though lie/ does'nOt;gosofar-asto'-suggest;thntthere' Is no need at "all for 'a .preventive 'eheck oii suCh wHd. magicians iu figures Reid. H is' proposai ls: thnt a staiidard: sys tem , of-. kceplng thb. a'ccount.s'Shail be/ Intro,- ' duced,vtowhicli-both. Treasurer. and-Audltpr- .General sh'iill; be compelled to-abido. If the Treasurergoeswrongthe Audi'tor-General '.dan- . 'ger of/rilscrltle the -ground ithat- he "is )mcrely_ presenting the ffigUreS"in' antithon -wriV. In. future he pro- jposes'.thril: each-:yeates-a.cc.0urits shall- be kept .on ri . cash basis, /rind be ri continuous account. New South Wales are largely. Inflated, and the totals in each" Instance very . nearly reach £11,000,000. Tiicre-.isvaVdeficiton' the year of £87,000,000, but tills is criused by extraordinary expendi ture, exceeding £408,000, and including, cost of military nnd.nnval contingents, plague ex penditure, Federal celebratioris and Royal re ceptions. It Is claimed, on behrilf of New South Wales railways, that- they return. a surplus over working . expenses and interest. Mr. , Waddell is very 'confident, of tlie. future. He is assured thai; the present ydar will wipe- out the deficit of the preceding one, and , will yield a surplus, even after providing for Increased expenditure of £1,800,000. V The uniform tariff; . however,'. te/cxpected to give a 'large expansion of revenue. . tVAILWAY ! engineering in ; Victoria! dis- Jt\i plays " very Tittle of the receptive faculty. rossibly, '.this is due to the deadening influence of .Govern ment billets, which foster the . feel ing that the routine of safety is to be preferred to tbe risk of responsibility. There is almost an entire absence of iuitiri-. ttve in the Railway department, and even, matters which in other countries have long passed beyond tbe region of experiment nie regarded as too dnngerous to touch. As a result of reading the Engineer in Chief and his principal' officers are aware that electric traction is making wonderful development in the United States and in other parts of the world. They are able to give Mr. Mel ville's Investigating committee some Infor mation upon the subject, but wben they arc asked whether the system is not capable of adaptation to our requirements they shrink back in alarm over the proposal. Mr. Rennick introduces some Impossible figures as a ground of objection on the score of ex pense; Mr. Norman finds reasons for pre ferring that to which he is accustomed to anything new, and Mr. Woodroffe does not care for any partial experiment until, at any rate, the suburban system can be treat ed as a whole. We do not suppose there Is much good in citing American experience to overcome the dread of novelty and strengthen the outside pressure, which will ultimatc-L lend to reform. What would not our farmers give for the accessibilities which electric traction provides in the Unit ed 'States? Mr. Sinclair has been seeing wlint is I" tlie direction in his home- ward mi', '.a ho is reporting to the -Chief Secretary, in course of tinie, doubtless, the information will trickle down to the Rail way department. In tlie State of Ohio there are electric railwnys' run Into the farming districts which pick up pnfccis or produce from the hands of the farmers at numerous stopping places with a minimum of delay and formality. They run as fast as our country lines, . can bo carried on at lower expense, and encourage traffic by giving" greater facilities. If the St? Hilda line la rejected . for the purposes ofran- experiment, could not the department make up Its mind to see how the system, would apply on some of the non-paying: country lines? The Goul- burn weir could be made -to generate suffi cient electric power to run tbe wliole Goul- burn Valley system, and In Gippsland favor able opportunity for trial also presents it self. Why should we always hang -back when example shows the way clear before us? r|AHE "school nrarm" Is a recognised In- JL stitutlon Jri the United States, and her courage, earnestness and influence over the roughest, natures have been favorite themes with writers who have endeavored to por tray the characteristics of backwoods life In that country. The Education department here would willingly give recognition to similar qualities. . They do not find, how ever, that there is any disposition of emula tion in this direction. The inconveniences are more apparent than the romance, and teachers of both sexes are anxious rather to cling to the "advantages of the towns than to carry on a crusade of ' enlightenment among conditions of personal - discomfort. We need not he .surprised.- at the absence of the missionary spirit. The attractions of the hush are/often bejtter appreciated in the Imagination than In /the reality, especially, when disillusionment -lias to take the form of poor fare, '/poor ' lodgings rind a loneliness Inducive of depression. The Ml (lister is not unmindful of-/the/;hard'vcircumstanccs which many of the teaeliers urider tric'departinent have', to face'/./, lie de- clares tiiatte is 'unwilling7 to subject any ladies to hrirdsUiP> but tiiere 'are not enough male teachers to go to nil outlying districts, and unless/female teachers are sent' the only alternative is to close the schools. -This Is . an injustice to .children which cannot be ac cepted, .and the/ remedy- must be found in some other way.. ' It ought not to be impos sible to lessen to some. extent tlie/ physical discomforts of the position. If suitable ac commodation cannot be found; for female . teachers, their to ' those places male teachers, with/' a presumably, -greater capacity for roughing it; should be sent. Where a neigh boring selector- crinnot / take in the teacher to the .mutual; satisfaction of both provision might -he j made for..' a living residence at-. Inched to the; school. The department ought , to, .insist on the health and poirifort of the . teacher - . receiving . some ; consideration. Some , compensation: in . ..-.payment ...... might alsp.bc made, and there -should he.,sufflclent fairness in? administration to secure- Impar tiality;/ in itlie : appointment' to>theiffost un: /comfortahie/./places.;:/ With these - essentials. : attended: .to ..the . rest - must depend on the teniher:: ;A:Chcerk-heart; wlll' lighteh half the discomforts,; especially when., there is given some, practical evidence of sympathy. SUG GESTIONS for tlie : improvement of our; educational system lire to.-be wel comed, from whatever quarter /, they may c6me,-.and espe,claily are tliey/ deserving of consideration1 : when .offered . by those" whose knowledge oi.'deflciencles "is gained in the school of "practical experience. The Minister Uris hnd submitted to him the /series of resolutions adopted by. the anntinl conference of metropolitan boards of advice, held a few weeks ago. There is J nothing new tin this method of recommendation. More than four years ago the desirability' of concerted ac tion was recognised, .and since that .time In annual/succession there have been ,. confer ences representative of boards/ of .-/advice, which have agreed 'upon- matters . to which . the' attention of tlie Minister should he di rected. On '-the last occasion /.the' whole of the .metropolitan area may be' snid- to have been coveted. The conference,' in its pro posals, riihy claim to be speaking on behalf of 25 school districts, over 100 schools and fully 50,000 scholars. The resolutions agreed "upon covered wide ground. The requlre- riierits of children and of teachers were both dealt iwith/vc 5 -.The .opinion, -was expressed that the. exception certificate Is granted too early. Smart ed under thirteen years are able to /pbtain" it -without difficulty, and they riiay then Uq removed from the super vision of tlie State." The" conference has suggested that' -tlie standard shall be raised from the foutrh . to the fifth class,' on the ground that " tlie fourth class standard is not high enough to gunrnntco that a child Is prepared,' for ' employment. The Minister endorses this view, and is prepared to recom mend that in future no boy shall receive a certificate before he is thirteen spars of age. He promises attention to the subject of truancy schools. Another matter calling for serious notice is tlie continuous enlargement of the school curriculum. There is a grow ing tendency to so extend the projected area of learning that neither tenclidr nor child can overtake the expectations except by the process of 'substituting a superficial smatter ing for an exact acquaintance with any sub ject taught. The Minister Is plainly told that the result is "not satisfactory/ Reading and writing are neglected, nnd so deplorably inefflelent'nre the majority of scholars that few even of the sixth class arc competent to take a situation without further special training. To attempt too much means to neglect a great deal, and we may really be sacrificing more tliau we obtain. "|3 ECENT rains have removed tbe pressure Bn i in the drought stricken/districts of the State,' biit'the necessity' of malting provision for ; tlie future remains in all Its' urgency. At the annual session of. the water trusts, therp .wore several important' worfts advo cated. 1 Wo may .put aside .the/scheme for locking thp Murray as, one .. beyond local direction, though this is no reason' why the matter shpuld not ..receive serious considera tion. But there" arc other proposals quite w ithin the power of the Victorian Ministry to enter upon, without, any oiitisde'.consulta- tion. " The deputation" which" 'waited on the Minister of Water, Supply urged strongly the necessity of eomhlncd effort to secure the construction of national works for the stor age of water. There has-been experience . enough obtained to prove that an ample and reliable supply of water during the sum mer mouths is an essential of permanent set tlement.- This requirement, lu spite of the large expenditure" on water conservation which the -State has Incurred, is very far from helug' realised; -The Railways Stand ing Committee has reported favorably on suggestions for supplying the eastern and western mallee with water, and the Govern ment has partially adopted the approved scheme. In the opinion of those who know the conditions, however, a, supply sufficient to meet the necessities of all the dry dis tricts In the mallee can only- he obtained, even after the construction of the Waranga basin, by tupping the Murray. There are other districts, besides the mallee claiming attention.. The Broken River is supposed to meet the. wants of SCO, 000 square miles of country, but the supply caunot Ixr depended on when it, is most urgently needed. A num ber of schemes to remedy the deficiency have been put forward, but the oue finding most favor is the construction of a reservoir at the head of the Broken River, which would impound large quantities of storm water now going, to waste. The chief objection is the cost. The trusts .concerned want the work to be regarded- as a national, matter, 'and resent the- Idea. that the people of the district who will gain the benefit should be expected to benr the burden of the expendi ture. The Minister of Water Supply points out that when people within the water trust areas arc not prepared to recognise their obligations - there is small encouragement given to Parliament to proceed very far with works of this character. 