Death of Miss Norton. Itiswilh regret that we hare to report the death of Miss Alice, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E. Norton, of Tiara, Walcha. From what we can gather it appears that the young lady was staying with her brother Cecil, who is managing Tcmki Station, near Casino. Miss Norton was stricken with influenza, nnd following that an abscess formed in her ear. The best medical Attention in the district was procured, and a trepanning operation followed. A telegram last week showed that the patient's condition was precarious, and a message on Wednesday stated that she was dead. Mr. and Mrs. Norton have reared seven sons and four daughters, and this is, we believe, the first death in the faintly. Mr. and Mrs. Norton, it is said, are themselves not in the best of health at Blytheswood, Wallabadah, their Plains residence. A horrible, incident happened dur ing a fire in Hungary. The fire broke out in the house of a farmer, whose 4-year old boy had played with matches. When the flames spread to u neighbouring farmer's house this man's wife was seized jith such fits of anger that she. caught up the little child who caused the fire, and flung him into the flames. Just after the roof crashed in all the women round rushed up to her,and would have lynched her, but she fled into a house that was not yet on fire, and seized a knife, and when the little victim's mother came up to her, stabbed her through the heart. It took a number of gendarmes to arrest the maddened woman. Messrs House and Co. have pur chased Attunga station, near Tam worth, nnd intend lo split it up into farms. Seventeen Russians, at the expense of their Government, are visiting Eng land and inspecting tho agricultural produce import arrangements, huping to supplant the Danish and German middlemen. Correspondence which has passed between Mr. Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the Colonies, and Mr. Barton, Federal Premier, practically pledging the latter not to introduce legislation prohibiting immigration be cause nf race or color, has created a sensation in Federal political circles. Mr. lleid declares that the interests of Australia must be made supreme even to the. embarrassment of Mr. Cham berlain. .Mr. J. C. Wool ley, the Temperance advocate, is of opinion that where the Church was languishing nnd failing, and the liquor shop was succeeding and holding its awful way, civilisation was getting the worst of it, and the end must be hurt, if not ruin. A girl named Eimna Emden, aged 9, was looking at a shop window at j South Richmond, Vic., on Saturday, 1 when she fell suddenly to the ground j and expired. Death was due to syn cope. j 