AUSTRALIAN AFFAIRS IN '' LONDON. FROM OUR CORRESrONDENT.1 LONDON, 1st November. Australia!) and other representatives from different parts of the Empire who attend the coronation will ffmi arrnngemeuts for their accommodation almost Identical with .those made for the visiting Premiers on the occa- sion of the Diamond Jubilee in 1SD7. Most of the colonial guests will be housed nt the Hotel Cecil, a targe portion of which has already been reserved for their use. Tbls hotel is now the biggest in London, a huge new block of buildings having recently been added to it. One eml faces the most ornate purt of the Thames Embankment, command ing a view of the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey on the right, and St. Paul's Cathedral and the flue eastward sweep of the river on the left. The other ond of the building overlooks the swollen tide of London's traffic in the Strand. With in is u handsome oblong courtyard, laid, out with palms ami other decorations on. the American plan. Altogether, though unable to compete iu reposeful luxury with Clhr- irtge's or the Carlton, the" Hotel Cecil Is n most comfortable nud dlgnlffcd place of abode. Londoners arc proud of It. Military disciplinarians sagely 6linkc thcii beads at the unconditional release of the three Victorians who were sentenced to death for daring to resent the vllely-ex- prcssed charge of cowardice flung at them by their commanding officer after the Wil- iminsnist disaster. Little has been said pub-' licly here, owing to tbe supposed interven tion of the King ou behalf of the prisoners; but privately there has been a great amount of discussion of the affair, which seems likely to intensify the dislike that exists among the lower branches of the regular army to wards the Independent- minded Australian volunteer. That such dislike— or coldness, where there Is 110 dislike — exists Is emphati cally testified to by some of tlio colonial offi cers who have come to England from South Africa on furlough. The group of Austra lians who petitioned the King from the un fashionable Surreyslde suburb of Clapham nre known to hut few in the Anglo-Austra- linn circle iu London. The chief signatory, Mr. E. W. C. Kearney, is a youth who Is described as a clerk In u city business office. The reply came from the AVar Office, and gnve no indication as to whether the verdict against the Victorians wns quashed 'before or after tho receipt of the petltlou. Nor Is it certain that tlic King did more than merely forward tlie petition to Lord Roberts for inquiry. The public are allowed to as sume, It they choose to do so,, thnt tlie liberation of the men is primarily due to the efforts of their compatriots the petitioners; but those who have taken more than a pass ing Interest lit the matter believe that he- fore the petition wns received the verdict bad nlrendy been set aside ns tlic result of Intervention by the Commonwealth Govern ment. When tlic reorganisation of the Victorian agency In London Is undertaken by Mr. Pea cock, or whoever may linve the felicity of Inheriting Ills task from li'ui, tbe experience of Queensland with its ngeney will he worth remembering as a warning. As Queensland bas spent as much as £50,000 n year on get ting immigrants, and is constantly having supplies of railway and other material manu factured in England under contract, it has been necessary to inaintnlu a somewhat ox- pensive staff In the London office. Tlio em ployes have Included an engineer, a drafts man, two Inspectors of material nnd special men to look after tlio emigration work. Free passages to emigrants were stopped some months ngo, and assistance is uow given only to those who have been "nomin ated," and whose passages have been partly paid by relatives or friends already settled in Queensland. Tills change caused In due course a reduction in the staff of (be agency. But the economy effected did not nearly satisfy the Queensland Government. One' fine morning recently the Agent-General re ceived orders to notify tho secretary, the en gineer, tlic draftsmun and others that their services would not he required after tlio end of tills year. Tlie staff was reduced by a third at ouo swoop. Sir Horace Tozcr gave tbe notice, but at tlie same time asked tlie principal officials not to make any arrangements to lonve tboir posts, as lie intended that tliey should lie kept on. Then followed a series of cable grams between Londou nnd Brisbane, in the course of which tlie Agent-General practic ally told ids Government tlmt tliey were a lot of thickheads. He pointed out that If expensive mistakes in contracts were to lie avoided the engineer, and Ids assistant must be retained or others employed ill their places, and that the efficiency of the agency would lie seriously impaired liy the dismissal of the secretary, who Is one of the ablest men employed in such" work I11 London. The difference between tlie salary I10 receives (£800) and the pension to which lie would ho entitled on retiring would only menu a sav ing of £200 a year to the Treasury. Ulti mately the Government telegraphed to the Agent-General to use his discretion with re gard to the officers, and the rent of the mat ter will he settled by letter. Apparently Sir Horace is to have Ills own way. The moral of tills for Sir. Pencoek Is that before lie issues his orders with regard to tlie Vic torian agency he ought to know exactly where tlie pruning knife should he applied. A second visit to tlie principal provincial centres lias confirmed 'Mr. Sinclair's belief that Victoria could -largely increase Its Eng. dlsli trade by extending the system of direct consignments, especially of butter, to sueli pluces as Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds Bradford nnd Sheffield. He reports, ns the result of many conversations with the heads of large firms in those cities, that Victorian goods will never hold the position which is their due in tlie provinces while tlie present excessive dependence ou London as a distri buting centre continues. There are big conn- try firms which, rather than "play second fiddle" to the London, ngents, ns they ex pressed It, would prefer to continue Indefin itely getting the whole of their supplies of butter from Denmark and Canada. Some of these bouses are only barely aware of tlie existence of Victoria ns a source of supply. One big. concern, the Leeds Co-operative nnd Industrial Society, lias never handled a sin gle box of Victorian butter, nor any of our other products, it appears. The secretary asked Mr. Sinclair to prepare a full written description of our various supplies in the form of a letter, which will he brought he- fore a meeting of tlie directors of tlie society. Thnt good prices could be got for our butter in the northern cities is evident from tlie currant- market quotations for foreign and other butters. At Manchester, for Instance, choicest Danish nnd Swedish butter ranges from 124/ to 130/ per cwt., and other quali ties from 131/ to 132/, while Finnish Is quoted at 124/ and Cnnndlnn at 110/ to 112/. (Some times tlie latter realises from 114/ to 110/.) About tlie same, prices nre quoted in Liver pool. At Newcastle choice Danish sells freely nt 133/ to 135/, and other butters nt from 124/ to 12S/. If direct Victorian consign ments were regularly sent, say to Manches ter, lb rough London, there would lie n charge of 3/ to 1/fi per ewt. for railway freight. But this would be n small expendi ture when compared with tbe advantage of having a large steady market in the northern cities, nnd thus avoiding periodical stagna tion in London. Tlie abundance of last season's French vintages lias resulted in a substantial de crease in the cost of- various Continental table wines used in England. This is hav ing an adverse effect on the Australian wine trade, ns was inevitable. Mr. Sin clair finds It. generally remarked In the pro- vinces that our wines nre too dear In pro portion to their quality, compared with those of France nnd Germany. In many of the provincial hotels just now hulf-pint bottles of fairly palatable French clnrets and moselle can be had for 1/, nnd in some cases quarter-bottles are sold for Gd. each. The rates for Australian wines of the aver age sort are said to bo nearly— sometimes quite— twice as much. The present low cost of the Europenn wines will probably not last very long. Every effort, however, should he mnde to still further cheapen Australian wines sent to England, while seeing thnt they nre of sound quality and properly matured. There are still many complaints as to the lack of uniformity' in their quality. Mr. Fercy Grainger, for whom a public subscription was raised In .Melbourne about six years ago, to enable him to pursue his pianoforte studies in Germany, made his debnt at the Stein wny Hall this week, and did very well, artistically and otherwise. Tlironghont his performance he showed a striking degree of intelligence nnd taste, and is generally hailed by the . critics as d success. In a letter which the . "Times" publishes, signed "Anglo-Austrnlinn," attention is drawn to the henvy losses of some of the Australian contingents sent to South Africa, which hesays Is Inrgely due to tbe "abuse" of our soldiers as scouts for British regi ments. According to figures, which he quotes, out of 137 men who went out in the Second Contingent of Australian Bushmen, ten months ago, only 8 are left fighting, G8 having been killed nnd the rest invalided home. 