CABLEGRAMS. FROM THE STATES. fSt BUBHABINB CABLE.] ?iWAinui nuns abboousior— oornura VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, Tcesday. There have bees so many rumors about the riding of several of the competitors in the Austral Wheel Hace that It has been decided to call a number of the riders be fore the officials and ask if they have any explanation to offer. The Premier (Mr Peacock) is hopeful of bringing the session to a close on Friday, The Prime Minister (Ur Barton) has received a despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies stating what steps had been taken to restrict the immigra tion to South Africa in order to effectually carry out the policy of excluding danger ous and undesirable persons. After New Year's Day every passenger to the Cape or Natal must be provided with a special permit. The taking of evidence in the Henty litigation case was concluded to-day, and a start was then made with the addresses of counsel. These are expected to occupy a week. The mass of evidence tendered runs into a thousand typewritten pages. The Federal Cabinet finally revised the Electoral Bill to-day. The contingent voting system was struck out, and ir was decided to adopt a modified form of the Hare-Clark 'preferential voting system, devised to suit the elections for both Houses. The Cabinet came to a decision respecting its attitude towards the Cape cable scheme Tbe Attorney- General advised tbe Cabinet that when the Com monwealth assumed oratrol of the several State Postal Departments it also took over tbe obligations of those States in respect to the cable schemes. After a prolonged discussion it was determined to empower the Postmaster-General to negotiate with the Eastern Extension Telegraph Com pany with a view to superseding the indi vidual State contracts by an uniform Commonwealth agreement. NEW SOUTH WALES. STDNE7, Tcespay. John Gavin, who is reputed to be 105 years of age, died at Wellington oa Satur day, Advioesreoeived from Queensland states that Boreas IL is as unlikely starter is the Summer Cup or Tattersall's Cup. An operator named Oscar Timbrell was knocked down by a train at Harden Station early this morning while waiting to receive the tablet. He died soon after bis removal to the hospital. The Danish barque Simba, which left Newcastle five days ago with a cargo of coal, was struck by a violent squall which carried away her foretopmast and several sails. She was picked up by the collier Alice, and entered the Heads this morn ing. The heat waH dreadfully oppressive to day, 104deg in the shade being regis tered. A cool southerly breeze came ap between 8 and 9 o'clock to-night, and gave great relief. John Murphy, grazier, of Burrowa, died yesterday, aged 103, QUEENSLAND. BRISBANE. Tuesday. A determined case of suicide is reDorted from Croydon. A mirier named William Thompson, an inmate of the hospital, drank a quantity of spirits of salts, then cut open bis stomach with a table knife. Colonel Finn has not yet received definite official information of his transfer to the command of the New South Wales Forces. He is now in conimnnication with head quarters asking that steps be taken to define his position. The Premier intends to communicate with the other Premiere to ascertain whether the suggestion to sent another Australian contingent to South Africa can be given effect to. A young man, John Thomas Edwards, was lost in the bush in North Queensland. Fearing he was dying from thirst he cut his wrist open to suck the blood, then went mad and cut his throat. He was found by a man named Allison, who brought him .120 miles to Pentland. It is expected that be will recover. WEST AUSTRALIA. PERTH, Tuesday. Parliament * e-assembled this afternoon. The Premier (Mr Morgans) said that the Government were assured that it had a majority of five, which was a sufficient working majority to carry on the business of the country. They were also able to find seats for the defeated Ministers. In deference, however,|to what they believed to be true Constitutional principles, and to put an end to the present difficulties, they intended to ask the Governor foi a dissolution. NEW ZEALAND. WELLINGTON, Tcesdat. The prospects of direct trade with South Africa do not appear hopeful. The steamer Otarama Bails for the Cape bbortly, but her shipments comprise only 3,000 sacks of oats, 2,000 carcases of mutton, and 1,000 boxes of butter. At a conference with the board to con trol the Amateur Athletic Union of Aus tralasia, the secretary stated that the affiliation for a union of the governing bodies of England and America will pro bably soon be an accomplished fact. Sydney had been fixed upon as the head quarters. ^^^^^^^^^^ 