(J SOCIETY tflLOMN. I f \ SOCIAL AFFAIRS. Information concerning social events should ' r ce marked " Social," and be addressed to the "'Editor," not to any person by nanm. Notiflca- . itions - of matrimonial engagements must bo ' attested byresponsible persons. It is expected that all marriages noticed in this column will ' inlso be announced iu tlio usual domestic adver tisements, cask prepaid. Captain Fiolden, A.D.C. to his Excellency ' the State Governor, is at present - in Sydney. .It is understood that, tho object of his visit is to ascertain all information in connection with the visit of tho Dukd nnd Duchess of . Cornwall and York, tho arrangements for which are'betag mado undor the direction of the Governor- General. Captain Fiolden will v 'return to Brisbane iioxt week. \ Tho Right Hon. G.' H. ;Reidff'P.C.,iwho will arrive in Brisbane on Sunday night or , Zllond&y;' morning, will, "during <bis stay in ' ' Brisbane, bo the gaet of Mr. Justice Cooper, at Hawstead, Bowen tcrij&oe.; . . The Mayoress (MrsjProe) will he at home : ' on the .'first Thursday in each month at ; Commonwealth, Moray street, New Farm. . Tho marriugo of Miss Sylvia Darley, youngest daughter of Sir Frederick Darley, Chief Justice of Now South "Wales (who it will bo remembered was Lady Lhmington's \- guest at Government House in the winter of last year), with' Sir William Carmicliael Anstruther, of Carmichael Houso, Than korton, Lancashire,, is arranged to take place In London, next month. Mr. A. D. WalsVf manager of tho Bris bane branch of the firm of Dalgety and Co., Was a passonger by moil train, on Thursday evening, on his return from a visit to England. Mrs. R. H. Smith and: family will, reside at Ivy Villa, Toowong, during Mr, R, Hv Smith's absence in England. Miss Ivo Brenan, eldest' daughter of Mr. J. O'Neil Brermn, who, after completing her education in ' Sydney has been staying with relatives thero, will return homo to-aay. Mrs. and Miss Chubb, who have been visiting Mrs. Frank North at Toowoomha, have returned to Townsville. Mrs.. Hyde, Maryborough, who has been on a visit to her parents,' Major and Mrs. . Stevens, at Sydney, has returned homo. Mr. J. L. Woolcock, who has boon some-, what out of health lately, has gone to South pprt with Mrs. Woolcock. Mr. J. It. Crane, accountant of tho Union Bank, Brisbane, and who has held positions in the Townsville,, Rockhampton, and other /branches during 'the lusc 16 years, has been notified of his appointment to the position of manager at the Colliogwood branch, in Mel bourne. Mr. uud Mrs. Crane and family will . .'probably be.leaviog.for tho south in a week "or ton days. t t% , Mrs. J. E. Harris returned to Brisbane last night from & long visit to the south. Mrs. B. Cpheu, who/has been on a visit to Sydney for tho summer months, returned to Brisbane by the muil train last night. Mrs. N. Arbiison and her little daughters .returned from a long visit to Tusmania 011 Monday. Mr. and Mrs. Axonson have re moved from Cooyah to Maryfield, atCIayfield, formerly occupied by Mr. and.Mrs. Edwin . I'ike. Miss Burns (New Farm) is paying a visit 'to friends in Toowoombu, aud is. at present tho guest, of Mrs. S. G. Stephens. Mm. Dawson Edwards has removed to Grey street, SoutK Brisbane. ,Mr. and Mrs. Jobu Rogers and family left- Brisbane for their new homo mDu&ediu;, New Zealand, on Wednesday last. Mr. and Mrs. E. H.- Pike and family haye removed to the residence formerly occupied by tho Rev. Alex. Mucullv, LL.B., utCluyficld. Mrs. C. W. Christcnscn is in Brisbane on a visit from Copenhagen, Denmark, and is stay iag at Elsinore, Lower River terrace, with person, Mr. J. Cbristenscn, the Danish Consul. / Mr. J. D. Burns, Qccountaut of the Towns ville branch of the Union Bank of Australia, , Limited, has been notified of his promotion to tho accountancy of the Toowoomba branch, which ranks next to Brisbane in importance. 'Mr. and Mrs. Burns, who will leavo for the Downs in about a fortnight's timo, will be jrreutly missed in social and musical circles in Townsville. Miss Warren, who was staying with Mrs. . J. R. Crane, at Now Farm, is now nt Wcnt- t worth Falls, staying with Miss Forster. Miss Morris, of "VVinton, is at present staying with . Mrs. Crane for a few weeks. Mr. and Mrs. T. Holder Cowl will shortly . removo from Roslyn to -their former residence, , Cooyah, Thorroldtown. Mr. 0. E. Badger, brother of the well known electric tramways manager, arrived in Brisbane from America lose week. Miss Sully, of thoCffew Guinea Mission, is tho guest of Mrs. Clements, Arwiu Tel, Eildon Hill. Nurse M. Barna left by northern mail train this morning for Maryborough, where she has been appointed to tuko- cbargo.of tho now hospital for women. The Rev. J. M. Baylcy, who has; for six years hold the pastorate: of tho Brighton road Congregational. Church, . has departed to take up similar duties at. Toowoomba. Before leaving Mr. Bayloy was. presented with an illuminated address and a purso of sovereigns by Mr. . E. J. Holmos on behalf of the members, adherents, choir, and » Christian Endeavour Society connected with the church. Air. Bay ley. also was presented with a silver teapot, suitably inscribed, by tlie members of the East Coorparoo Congre- gationalists, where Air. Baylcy had officiated on Sunday afternoons. Tho Christian Endeayourers presented Miss Bayley, who was their president, with an original gold neck chuin, with a C.E. pendant, and also a Biblo suitably engrossed. Mr. Albert- Phillips, late accountant in the Immigration Department, was, on Monday lust, tho recipient at the/hands of his brother officers of tho Kaugaroo Point office, of a valedictory address unci vuluublo souvcuir. The presentation was mado iu tho presence of every member of the stuiT by tho immigra tion ugent, Mr. J. ,0'N. Brenun, who testi fied in high terms to the character ' of Mr. Phillips, both us a public ecrvaut and a inun. Mr. Phillips, who has served for 21 years iu tho headquarters Immigration Office, has been promoted to tho Pacific Island branch as assistant inspector. Mr. Phillips loft with his family for his new sphere of duty (Mackay) oh Tuesday, 12th,- iu the steamer Peregrine. . , 1 Tho fellow employees of Mr. Denbara at 1 Romu street station on Tuesday last pre sented him With a very handsome china, mug 'as a token of esteem, on tho occasion, of his 'being transferred, to the position of night 1 station-master. Tho ceremony took pluco in tho Roma street goods-shed, and Mr.- Pick tborno (foreman), in making tho presentation,, referred to. Mr. Donham's character and' abilities, and wished him every success. Mr. rDenbam feelingly"' responded and said he would treasure tho gift ra memory of bappy ' days spent at Roma, street. ; The Church of Ehglund at the Thompson tEstate was, on Wednesday afternoon lose, the ficeno of a very protty wedding, the contract ing parties being Mr. Hurry P. Pegg, son of Mr. G. Pegg, of May field, Oxley, and Mies > J ulia Smith, of St. George. Tho bride, who was f given away by Mr. Bock, was charmingly attired in embossed cream silk, with trans parent yoke und sleeve#? finishings -of orango' bloesoms,- a beautifully' worked tullo veil, ' jand a wreath of orango blossom. Tho bride also , ,wore a very hand some gold brooch, and carried a shower bouquet, both gifts of tho bridegroom. Miss Annie Bock, of Kangaroo Point, was 'chief bridesmaid, and was very elegantly 'dressed in cream silk. Ska also wore a "V beautiful gold broooh, the gift of tlio bride- , groom. Her hat was a white tusoan . straw, with crepe-do-r.heno on brown, "brilliant huoklcs olasping ; white, .ostrich, plumes and osproys, finished off with tuelced crepe do-chino and ribbon velvet and buckle under brim. Mr. Arthur Pegg was best man. ' At the conohision of thG ceremony \- the party ndjourned to the residence of the bridegroom's father, .where about 80 guests eat down to a most Bumptuons breakfast, The bappy couplo shortly . nftcr departed for iZtaUand Bay. Tho bride's going away dross ' was a dovo . gray bengaline, trimmed with »earl surali and .passementerie. Tbo bridal , pair wore' tho recipients of numerous costly «nd elegant, wedding presents. . 