' SOCIETY GOLOMH. ; SOCIAL AFFAIRS. ' (Information concerning social events should «e marked " Social," and be addressed to the l Editor," not <o miw person by name, Notifica tions of matrimonial engagements muse be (Attested py responsible persons. It is expected, that all marriages noticed in this column will 'Also be announced in tho usual domestic adver tisements, cash prepaid. 1 . Captain Bidden, A.D.C. to Ids Excellency the Stato Governor, is at present iu Syduoy. It is understood that the object of his visit is to ascertain ull information in connection with tho visit of tho Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York, tho arrangements for which are being made under tho direction of tho Governor-General. Captain Fielcion will return to Brisbane next week. The Right Hon. G. H. Reid, P.O., who ill arrive iu Brisbane on Sunday night or Monday morning, will, during his stay in Brisbane, be the guest of Mr. Justice Cooper, dt Hawstead, Bowen terrace., . The Mayoress (MrsProe) will bo at home on the first Thursday in cuoh month ut Commonwealth, Moray street, New Farm. ' The marriage of Miss Sylvia Dnrloy, youngest daughter of Sir Frederick Darley, Chief Justice of New South Wales (who it will bo : remembered was Lady Lamington's guest at; Government House in tho winter of last year), with Sir "William Cnrmiclmcl Anstrtither, of Carmiclmel House, Thau- korton, Lancashire, is arranged to take pluco iu London, next month. Mr. A. D. Walsh, manager of the Bris bane branch of tbe firm of Dnlgcty aud Co., was a passenger by mail train on Thursday evening, on his return from a visit to England. Mrs. R. II. Smith and:, family will reside at Ivy Villa, Toowong, during Mr. B. II. Smith's absence in England. Miss Ivo Brenan, eldest daughter of Mr. J. O'Neil Brenan, who,, after completing lier education in Sydney has been staying with relatives there, will return homo to-day. Mrs. and Miss Chubb, who liavo been visiting Mrs. Frank North at Toowoomba, have returned to Townsville. Mrs. Hyde, Maryborough who has-been on a visit to her parents, ' Major and Mrs. Stevens, at Sydney, has returned homo. Mr. J. L. Woolcock, who has been some what out of health lately, has gone to South- port with Mrs. Woolcock. Mr. J. R. Crane, accountant of tho Union Bank, Brisbane, . and who has held positions in the Townsyille,-Rockhamptou, and other branches during tho last 1G years, has been notified of his appointment to the position of manager ut the Collingwood branch, in Mel bourne. Mr. and Mrs. Crane and family will probably bedeaving for the south in a week or tea days. - »» Mrs. J. E. Harris returned to Brisbano last night from a long visit to tho south. Mrs. B. Gdheu, who-has been on a visit to Sydney for the summer months, returned to .Brisbane by the mail train last night.' MrB. N. Aronson and her little daughters returned from a long visit to Tasmania on Monday! Mr. and Mrs. 'Aronson have re moved from Cooyuh to Maryfiold, at Ciayfield, formerly occupied by Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Bike. MissBurns (New Farm) is paying a visit "to friends in Toowoomba, aud is at present the guest of Mrs. S. G. Stephens. Mrs. Dawson Edwards has removed to Grey street, South Brisbano. » Mr. and Mrs. John Rogers and family left Brisbane for their new homo itiDuuedia, New Zealand, on Wednesday last. Mr. aud Mrs. E. H. Pike and family have removed to the-rcsidenco formerly occupied by the Rev. Alex. Mocully, LL.B., at Cluyficld. Mrs. C. W. Christengen is in Brisbane on a visit from Copenhagen, Denmark, and is stay ing at Elsinorc, Lower River terrace, with her son, Mr. J. Chrietensen, tho Danish Consul. Mr. J, D. Burns, accountant of the Towns ville branch of the Union Bank of AustaUiu, Limited, bus been notified' of his promotion '"to tho accountancy of the Toowoomba branch, which ranks next to Brisbane in importance. "Mr. and Mrs. Burns, who will leave for tlio Downs in about a fortnight's time, will bo greatly missed in social 'and musical circles in Townsville. Miss -Warren, who was stayiog with Mrs. 1 J. R. Craue, ut Now Farm, is nowatWcut- ' worth Falls, staying with MissForster. Miss Morris, of Winton, is at present staying with Mrs. Crane for a few weeks, i Mr. und Mrs. T. Holder Cowl will shortly remove from Roslyn to their former residence, Cooyab, Thorroldtown. Mr. C. E. Badger, brotbor of the well known electric tramways manager, arrived in Brisbano from America last week. Miss Sully, of tho Now.Guinea Missiou, -is the guest of Mrs. Clements, Atwiu To, DildonHill. . ' . Nurso M. Burns left by northern-mail train this morning for Maryborough, where sho lias been appointed to . tako charge of the new hospital for women.': The Rev. J. M. Bayley, who has' for six years hold tho pastorate of the Brighton road Congregational Church, has departed to take up similar duties . at 'Toowoomba. Boforo leaving Mr. Bayloy was presented with nn illuminated' address and a purse of sovereigns by Mr. 35. J. Holmes on behalf of the members, adherents, choir, and Christian Endeavour Sooiety connected with the church. Mr. Bayley also was presented , with a silver teapot, suitably inscribed, by the members of the Hast Coorparoo Congre- gutiomilists, where Mr. Bayley had officiated . cu Sunday afternoons. Tho Christian Lndeavourors presented Miss Bayley, who was their president, with an original gold ne'ek chain, with a C.E. pendant, and also a Bible suitably engrossed. \- . Mr. Albert Phillips, late - accountant in the Immigration Department, t was, on Monday last, the recipient ut the bands of his brother officers of the Kangaroo Point office, of a valedictory uddress and valuable souvenir The presentation wqb made in the prosonco of every member of the staff by. tho immigra tion ugout, Mr. J. O'N. Brenan, who testi fied in high- terms .to tho character „of Mr. Phillips, ... both us a public eervuut and a man. Mr. Phillips, who has served for 21 years in tlio headquarters Immigration Office, has been promoted to tho Pacific Island brunch as assistant inspector. Mr. Phillips left with bis family for his now sphere of duty (Mnokay) on Tuesday, 12th, in tho steamer Peregrine. ' . Tho follow employees of Mr. Denham at Roma street station on Tuesday last pre sented him with a very handsome china mug . as a token of esteem on the occasion of his being transferred to tbe position of night etution-mostcr. Tho ceremony took place in the Roma street goods-shed, and Mr. Pick- ! tboruo (foremun), in making tho presentation, referred, to. Mr. Denham's character und .abilities, and wished lutn every success. Mr. ' Denhum feelingly responded und said he would treasure tlio gift in memory of happy \- days spent at Roma street. The Ohuroh of England at tho Thompson Estate "wus, on "Wednesday afternoon last, tho scene of a very pretty weeding, the contract ing parties being Mr. Hurry JL\ Pegg, sou of Mr. G.;Pogg, of May field, Oxlcy, and Miss Juliu Smith, of St. George. Tho bride, who was "given gway by Mr. Bock; was ohurmingly, attired iu embossed cream silk, with trans parent yoke and sleeves, finishings of orange. blossoms, a' beautifully worked tulle veil, (and a wreath of orange blossoms. The bride -also -wore a very hand some gold brooch, aud carried n shower bouquet, both gifts of tho bridegroom. Miss Annie Bock, of Kangaroo Point, was 'chief bridesmaid, and was very elegantly; dressed in : crc&tn; silk. She also wore a beautiful goffi brooch, the gift of tho bride- ?groom. ' fter' Hat 'w'aa a 'white tuecan straw, \,wity orppe-do-cheno on erqwn,': brilliant; .buckles clasping white ostrioh plumes land ospreys, finished off with tucked crpo de'ehino and 'ribbon velvot and buokle under brinf. " Mr. Arthur Pogg was best muu. 'At tbo cnnelusion of tho- ceremony the party adjourned ro the residenoecf tbe bridegroom's father, where about 80 guosts eat down to a most sumptuous breakfusb. The Jhappy couple /shortly after departed for URedland Bay.1 Tho bride's going away dross wus a dove gray beugaline, trimmed with ijpoarl Buroh and .passementerie. , Thoi brjdnl; pair woro the recipients of numerous costly und elegant wedding presents. 