The Sydney Morning Herald. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1901. To-day we reproduce from American newspapers the reports of the assassination of President McKinley. A member of the secret police, who was an eye- witness of the tragic scene in the Temple of Music, Buffalo City, describes Czolgosz's youthful appear- ance as he advanced towards the President, and the noble demeanour of Mr. McKinley after he had been shot. A feature of the report, which appears elsewhere, is the confession of Czolgosz, who explains all the in- fluences which actuated him. A Graaf Reinet rebel blames Dr. Te Water and Olive Schreiner for inciting rebellion in Cape Colony. Commandant Theron is trying to effect a junction with Commandant Maritz northwards of Clanwilliam. Two hundred of the Boer prisoners at Ceylon have volunteered to serve in the British army outside of South Africa. Commandant Smuts, who has lately succeeded Commandant Kruitzinger, has crossed the railway line at Sheldon, Cape Colony, and is proceeding west. The War Office denies that there is any friction between it and Lord Kitchener. The youngest son of Mr. Kruger, who surrendered lately—in order, it was said, to secure possession of the farms his father left him—died after a short illness. General Botha's attack on the British positions on the Zululand frontier cost him 200 Boers killed and over 300 wounded or captured. The " Bombay Gazette " states that Great Britain is proclaiming a protectorate over Koweyt. A sentinel at Mr. McKinley's tomb at Canton has been stabbed by two night prowlers, who escaped in the darkness. President Roosevelt persists in moving about with- out an escort of detectives. A boiler on a French torpedo boat at Algiers ex- ploded. One man was killed and five others in- jured. At a bull fight at Bayonne, France, a red auto- mobile instead of horses was used. The bull de- clined to face the motor. Mr. George Clutsam won the first prize at Chap- pell's musical competition, open to all British com- posers, for full orchestration. The Duke and the Duchess of Cornwall and York are in British Columbia. The revenue of Great Britain for the quarter ended September was £28,636,347. The Perth Electric Tramway Company is issuing in London £150,000 5 per cent. first mortgage debentures at 97½. The Danish gunboat Moen sank in the Sound while her crew was experimenting with high explosives. The crew was saved. The latest betting on the America Cup competition is 6 to 5 against Shamrock II. At one time the bet- ting was even. The Samar (Philippines) disaster was the result of the American commanders trusting Filipinos who had sworn allegiance. The United States troops had been welcomed by the townsfolk at Balangiga with music and feasting, watchfulness thus being allayed. The Earl of Scarborough has induced the Grimsby strikers to resume work pending arbitration by the Board of Trade. Sir Redvers Buller and the Duke of Connaught will retain command of the Dublin (third) and Aldershot (first) Army Corps for two and three years repectively. There is an outcry against Sir Redvers Buller. Hungary and Austria will decline to renew their commercial treaties with Germany if the proposed new German tariff is carried. The press of those countries declares that by the tariff the Triple Alliance is imperilled. Triad rebels have burned the Basel mission at Pingyang. The missionaries escaped. The Queensland 3 per cent. loan has been under- written at 91½. The South Australian revenue for the September quarter decreased £103,980. In connection with the sticking up of the mail coach near White Cliffs, the man Tomlinson has been sentenced to 10 years' penal servitude. The railway summer time-table will come into operation on Sunday. The Immigration Restriction Bill was further con- sidered in the House of Representatives yesterday. The Postmaster-General intends to revise and make uniform the inter-State telegraphic rates as soon as the Postal Bill becomes law. The Sydney Chamber of Commerce has decided to write to the Postmaster-General to point out that it had not protested against the mail steamers calling at Fremantle. A Wellington (N.Z.) message states that Mr. Loud, a member of the United States Congress, is of opinion that a reciprocal tariff between New Zealand and the United States is practicable. Mr. Loud also stated he was greatly impressed with the trade possibilities of these States. A message from New Zealand states that the small schooner Whakapai has foundered. The first mate, James Bertie, who floated ashore on a piece of wood, was the only survivor. The New Zealand Cricket Council intends to take steps to secure the visit of an Australian Eleven if it cannot arrange for matches with MacLaren's team. Sir George Sydenham Clarke has written a very cordial letter to the Premier of Victoria. His Ex- cellency hopes to embark for Australia at the end of October. It is probable that within a short time the whole of Queensland will be declared open to travelling stock, with or without provision for " dipping." This is the result of the depletion of some of the fattening areas owing to the quarantine restrictions. The Genowlan labour dispute is to be settled by arbitration. Alderman Fowler has resigned his seat for Phillip Ward in the City Council. A contingent of Australian troops is returning by the steamer Salamis, which left Capetown on Sep- tember 22. Mr. C. G. Wade, the Royal Commissioner who investigated the South Mine disaster, has reported that the men generally performed their work with care, and that the inspection adopted by the mine officials was sufficient. At Albury last evening the gold and silver medals awarded by the Government to Mr. Lamport and Mr. Hazelton of the Henty Bank, were formally pre- sented to them. Captain Arthur Cole Loggin is now commodore of the P. and O. fleet. Business on the Stock Exchange yesterday was limited in amount and devoid of anything of a re- markable character. The Mining market was very quiet, and had a weaker tone. In the Import market trade was restricted, but prices were exceptionally firm. 