AUSTRALIA AND THE ALIEN. In another column we publish a letter from a correspondent who signs him- self "Commonweal," and who argues as though the "Courier" advocated a course which would flood Australia with aliens. The letter winds up as follows:—"As your leader states that a white Australia is your ideal as it is Mr. Barton's and Mr. Reid's, and yet you object to Mr. Barton's proposals to attain that ideal, would it be too much to ask you what course you consider preferable to that proposed by Mr. Barton." If our cor- respondent had followed our arguments since the Federal Premier delivered his manifesto at Maitland, he would re- member that the employment of the Kanaka has been the pivot round which the controversy concerning a White Australia has revolved. It is unfair and untrue to say that we have advo- cated a policy of "laissez faire" with respect to Asiatics. No journal in Aus- tralia has more warmly urged that the continent should be preserved for Euro- pean enterprise, and no State has grappled more closely with the problems of Asiatic immigration than Queensland. Mr. Thynne, in articles published in these columns at the beginning of the year, showed clearly that Queensland led the van in shutting out Chinese, and the agreement since come to by us with Japan has commended itself to the thinkers and statesmen of the Federal Parliament. We say emphatically that Australia must be kept for the white man. But we do not say that a course should be adopted which would turn the enmity of the millions of the Far East against us. There are many ways of shutting a door. The man who bangs it in your face and calls you names from the other side must not be sur- prised if you resent his conduct. Some people meet that sort of diplomacy with an axe. The object of the shut door may be achieved just as easily by courtesy and firmness, and indeed able men in business conclude all sorts of unpleasant arrangements with a mini- mum of friction and a maximum of effectiveness. Our leader on Saturday which is criticised by "Commonweal," indicated as much while urging the need for readiness to meet a possible great emergency in the near future. To declare, therefore, that because we pointed out a danger we were willing to meet it with open arms is the height of absurdity. Strange to say, our cor- respondent himself shows a readiness to do the very thing he objects to. He thinks that an influx of educated Asia- tics might be tolerated! He says that the Immigration Restriction Bill is to be accepted because the class of Asia- tics who can read and write English "will certainly be less undesired than the uneducated Asiatic." That is to say, a measure which excluded British yeomen, or desirable Danish and Ger- man agriculturists, because they could not pass a dictation test at the call of any Customs officer, would be acceptable to "Commonweal" although it let in Chinese and Japanese by the hundred. There is little room for argument when such a position is taken up, and we do not propose to waste further space upon it. With regard to the employment of Kanakas, however, it is easy to answer the question set by our correspondent. The alternative to the course proposed, by Mr. Barton is to allow the sugar in- dustry to work out its own salvation along the lines laid down by bitter ex- perience in Queensland by past Govern- ments. The Kanaka is not a menace to the white population of the State. He does not compete with white labour, except in the canefield, where as a rule the employed white man objects to work. We have urged again and again that the Polynesian problem as it ap- plies to this State is solving itself. The proportion of black to white labour in the sugar industry is steadily decreas- ing; and Dr. Maxwell's report proves conclusivefly that, if time is given to the planters they will not only keep cane to the front in tropical agriculture, but will assure "a large population of white people to defend our shores." 