im week, THE Federal Treasurer's estimate Of. Federal' expenditure must: be taken with a very large allowance' for unexpected contingencies. ' Sir George Turner's confidence that "the total new expenditure of the Common wealth will not exceed £300,000 can he ex plained only on the ground that he is de- termining the outlook by limitations of his own. This amount may be sufficient to cover the cost of the paraphernalia of gov ernment, the salary of the Governor-General aud the maintenance of vice-regal State; the expenses of the Federal Parliament In the remuneration of Ministers nud members, nnd a portion of the cost in the now.crea ttons of public appointments. Even this expectation is likely to be disappointed unless a more stringent Idea of economy is manifested. High salaried officers nre being multiplied, and a disposition is being shown to lay down the priuelple that dignity must be measured by the standard of salary. The proposal has been made to pay both the Pre sident of the Senate nud the Speaker of the House of Representatives £1500 in addi tion to the £400 a year they receive as members. This sum has beeu reduced by vote of the House to £1500 altogether, a sum amply sufficient, especially in view of the possibility that Federal sessions In future will not be unduly extended. We think there would have been no saerlGee of dignity If the whole of the Federal arrange ments had been established on a more eco nomic basis at the stnrt, at any rate until the nature and extent of the financial lia bilities to be incurred can be more clearly discerned. Sir George Turner does not tnke into account any of the possibilities of the future. Is it not the fact that the cost of national dofeuce is likely to be Incrensed under Federal administration, that other de partments of the Federal service will also show an enlarged expenditure, nnd that the creation of a Federal capital, If this Is undertaken at an early date, will Involve a heavy increase of indebtedness? Economy is urgent in order that matters of essential importance may not he neglected. A "WHITE Australia" is a principle upon which all are agreed save the few whose monetary interests may render them deaf to moral nud racial considera tions. Their short-sighted views nre not likely to receive much attention in the face of evidences of the evil wrought by the en couragement of an alien population. We have the opportunity in Australia of escap ing from the terrible problem of mixed races, .which is the most serious difficulty In the United States nnd In South Africa; and we should bo unmindful of our duty to posterity if we did not insist on proper precautious being taken aud maintain this Immunity. Now is the time to lay down the rule of future conduct with regard to. alien immigra tion. Wo have no desire- to raise nuy ob stacles to the. introduction of those of kin- dred blood, - where differences will disappear, in the process of amalgamation. But ex perience has lioivn that thfire Is no" such possibility of fusion except at the cost of moral deterioration, between the white and the colored races of the world. The facts of htstory are eloquent upon this point. It Is not necessary to attribute to the white races any superiority of moral purpose— in some respects the Hindu, the Japanese and the Chinese exhibit qualities . which we might do well to imitate— but there are In nate reasons which prevent anyennobltngnd- mlxture. Australians, at any rate, who are proud of their descent, are not willing to run the risks of experiment. The Federal Parliament will soon he asked to legislate on this subject. Mr. Barton has given n pledge from which he has no intention of receding, -and British statesmen who may not realise the importance of this issue will be wise to give scrions attention to the mat ter before venturing on the danger of pro hibiting this policy. Let them try for a. moment to put themselves In our place aud see the question with our eyes, or ask them selves how long the British people would agree to accept a situation fraught with both Immediate and future calamity. KANAKA labor is only one aspefet of- the difficulty. If the prohibition of this traffic were resolved upon to-morrow, Im perial Ministers would not turn a hair. They have permitted it solely in consideration of the Queensland planters' desire for cheap labor, arid tiiey would be gratiGed rather than otherwise at Its cessation. For one thing, it would remove a cause of mission ary complaint, for though the "blackbird- ing" trade under more stringent supervision has lost much of its evil reputation, it is not altogether free from objectionable con ditions. Mr. Chamberlain will not seek to Impose any veto on legislation which pre vents the introduction of more labor from the South Sea Islands. The reason for the action taken in disallowing the statute re cently passed In Queensland was on quite other grounds. There was a provision in serted to prevent the employment of colored labor in connection with the sugar mills, and Imperial Ministers say that this dis qualification Is too broad.' It excludes Brit ish-Indian subjects solely for difference of race and color, and It may also be regarded as offensive by the Chinese and. Japanese. There are diplomatic reasons, especially in view of the conditions in the Northern Paci fic, which make it inadvisable for Great Britain to offend a possible ally. We do not deny that there Is some force in these con siderations. Australia will Gad it necessary to realise her position, and to comprehend that actiou cannot be taken without re sponsibility. If she forces Imperinl policy she must he prepared to pay her share of the cost. But even at this risk the policy of "a white Australia" is too precious to be surrendered. Mr. Mauger, who has recently visited North -Queensland, draws a grue- ' some picture of the conditions prevailing there. A motley mixture of Japanese, Cinga lese, Malays and Chinese nre ousting, the white man; and practically /taking posses sion of the. place from Thursday Island down to Towhsvllle. The children of the far north are "all sorts," some being half Chinese, half Japanese and half Cingalese. Is this the bind of thing that Mr. Cham berlain would have us conUnu'-'CT! v- " y<vC FBI HE late Blshop-Stwhbs, a colebriilM ' I historian, lia&stmmg; objection, to tei modern historical povtf op. the gflpuud of/ U>r audacious unvcravlty.\ So 'we can un<jisr: - stand Mr. Cogblau IjuigJug a ,.slm i tyF/fe.ei lug of wrath against einjjile' of his statistics. He Is quoted- 'With amazing facility on both sides of the Gseal contro versy, hut so Httlo deference Is paid to his authority tbat most- of those who appro priate his material do not trouble to under stand its -meaning, or nre unscrupulous enough to tnke only that portion which seems to suit their preconceived views. He Is used as a qunrry from which to hew mis siles to- throw at an adversary. Ignorance Is largely responsible Tor this method of argument, for there, enn be notblug more misleading than figures where their true value is not appreciated. But tlier.o are also examples where no extenuation enn be given for false quotation. When the "Argus," iu lis endeavor to eouvict Mr. Robert Harper of inconsistency, resorts to the process or fraudulent suppression, everyone must feel that the limits of fair eoutroversy have been over stepped. Challenging some of the statements made by Mr. Harper iu the fiscal debate, the free-trade organ quotes Mr. Cogblnn to show that New South Wales has increased iu populntiou more rapidly tliau Victoria In receut -years. This Is a fact which nobody denies, nnd It Is capable of explanation ou grounds entirely apart from any difference of fiscal policy. Mr. Coghlnn himself, after giving the figures, goes ou to remark tliat "iti considering the question of Increase of population, attention should be paid to the density as well as to the actual uumbcr of the population; iu regard to the case iu point, the density of Victoria Is 13.23 per square mile, nud in New South Wales only 4.34." From this addendum It Is evident that Mr. Coghlau does not attri bute to free-trade the expansion of the New South Wales population, nor. docs he blame protection by attributing the dlmluutlon In the Victorian rate of lucrensc to the policy which has for Its object the encouragement of native Industry. By omitting all refer ence to thlB vital commentary on Mr. Cogb- lqu's figures, the "Argus" tries to snatch a false victory, and lu bringing forward the Statist of New Sputh Wales as a witness on its side it Is misrepresenting Ills attitude. Mr. Coghlnn Is not so foolish as some of those who quote him, nnd who are ignorant of the law of population, other things being equal, that a: thickly settled country -cannot hope to Increase In the same ratio" as a sparsely settled: neighbor. - AN opportunity Is -afforded to the elec tors, In part at least, to give expres sion to their opinions on the main political issues before -the State Legislature meets. The poll will be taken on Monday-next iu those, districts where a vacancy has been created by the transfer of members to the Federal Parliament. There are six seats In the Asscmbly'to be filled, and as both metro politan and country constituencies are in- eluded, a fairly representative idea should be obtained of the public judgment. But to secure this result the people must be In earnest, and make their choice aruoug the candidates on political grounds jtloue. There are matters before the country which will justify this feeling. The present is really an -Important crisis in public affairs, and the decision come to iu the course of the next few months cannot fail to largely inO-ierice the future governance of the State. The methods of constitutional reform rendered necessary by the establishment of - Federa tion have to be determined. At ' the last general election the country declared unmis takably in favor of the proposal of a popu lar Convention. Had this policy been Imme diately submitted to Parliament the man date of the, people would hardly have been defied. But the interval of time has allowed the -impression to cool, and those who are secretly opposed to reform will now he more ready to assume an attitude of oL-stlmite resistance.- These elections will be valuable as a means of sbowiug that the conn try's de sire has not weakened, and that there Is the same resolve as was expressed a few mouths ago to make i-eform effective. Gieat: good will titie done by the return of .those candi dates who support tho Convention proposal. Under this plan there will be avoided a great waste of time, the- certainty of Parliamen tary strife, and the danger of unsuitable compromise. The chance of strengthening the Government's hands should be taken, -it iu the subsequent election for the Legisla tive Couucil those candidates arc returned who nre ready to give favorable greettug ito the Convention proposal, by so much will the: outlook for the future be brightened. ... _ MR. Morrissey has ; decided to retain-; Mr.- Sinclair's :services:As:;thecom/ mercial agent of Victoria iuLoudon, though not quite .on the oxaggeratcd estlmate of hls: own value wbicIV'-thKt posed to assert. H ego es/ b a c it a t' i he reuse (1 ; remuneration,. 'a ud:'wltliiiiiqf promiseYthat.lhe shall be given, b e t te r o ppo r t u u ity i n - the:.f u - , turc of showing what;. ban be done- ln-tlie way of developing our trade; 'with the-mrither; country. If be proves/equal- to; thcrequlre- mouts, there will :be. no- reasbu.-to.-ibevadisT; satisfied withithe arrangcmculs. i-He haS'ric- quircd exp'ericucofof /cbrifim England which'he'should h'erribie to turn to good account when - he - is :;allowed'fafreer hand. An assistant Is ib lic appbinted to re- lievc him ofroutlnedutles nnd-"tp cinhlc hlrn1 to visit the provinces where rioiite t bis most effective work may be' done: " Instead of the stale exhibits on /.view' by', which/ he" has beeu expected to attract 'trade, there .'is to bo a good and fresh supply on continual tap. We hope that Mr.' Sinclair will he able to amply justify, the Increased expenditure, and we "have no doubt that excellent "service may he rendered through the energy and in telligence in which' he is not deficient. But-it will be a grave mistake for Victorian ex- .porters to rely too much on what can be qone in this direction. Sir. Sinclair will be dble to do no more than make useful sug gestions, to point out how difficulties may be overcome, and to show the readiest way In which new markets can he captured. As an expert adviser on the spot, he will be able to earn his salary if lie does his work well. The riiatudependcuce of the Victorian producer, however, must be upon himself. He must avoid methods which injure the re putation of his produce. As Mr. Morrissey pointed out to the deputation representa tive of the dairying industry, it Is only food products of the very highest standard of ex cellence which can hope to compete In the world's markets with the products of other countries. The exportation of Inferior but ter is injurious to the whole trade, and Is largely responsible for the difference in price between the Victorian and Danish article. Mr. Slut-lair lias told the dairy fanners that n.e Danish development Is largely due to the Intelllgeuce, thrift aud foresight of those en gaged in the dairying industry, and their special attention to every detail connected with butter making. We must do the same here to obtain similar results. MR. Stirling remains constant to his faith in the possibilities of Victorian brown coal. Siucc ho has visited Germany nnd Austria he lias even been strengthened iu his couvletion. He has seen there the despised material turned to profitable nc- eouut, aud made the basis of the success of numerous other Industries. In Bohemia the brown coal of the country is used on the railways for fuel in its natural state, aud Is found to serve the purpose very well. Cheap ness of fuel Is a great Incentive to manu facturing enterprise, and to this cause is at tributed a commercial transformation in the 100 miles of country in Bohemia along which tho brown coal belt runs. Instead of scat tered villages there are now all sorts of im portant factories. "Why should "not we hope to attain similar results lu the Gippsiand region of brown coal? Mr. Stirling sees no reason, If a similar amount of enterprise be displayed. We must make use of our brown eonl deposits, not regard them with con temptuous Indifference because they do not happen to he black. In Germany they have a move commonscnse appreciation of nat ure's gifts. The Gcrtriari brown coal is no better than ours. Indeed," Mr. . Stirling, speaking as an exptrt, says that the Vic torian deposits are distinctly superior to the average of those which are" being' profitably; worked in the Cologne district. Briquettes are made there for 5/ and 6/ a ton, nnd sold for 15/, and there is any amount of demand for them at that price. If wo cannot pro duce as cheaply there is a compensating probability of local consumers being willing to pay n higher price. At the present rates for coal and firewood a fuel obtainable at anything near 15/ a ton would be a godsend. Machinery, however, does so much of the work that there will be less difference in the initial cost of production than may be imagined. Attention of capitalists is being directed to trio opening for profitable Invest ment which lies here. More than one syndi cate is already nibbling, and Mr. Stirling is anxious to supply the Government with information which will enable its Ministers to promote the development of the brown coal fields without making too hud a bar gain for the State. AUSTRALIA'S claims In the matter of coinage will receive more attention from the Imperial. authorities when enforced by Federal demand; The disinclination of the London Mint to yield up any : portion of a very profitable monopoly may he easily understood. There hits never been any ob jection raised to the' colonies where branch mints have! been established:- coining their own ..gold," for" .this Is a losing division of the busiuess.,. Complacent" acquiescence uas been even. -co rr'I ed , to llie /extent, of allowing Australia to i>r3vidc ,. most of tbc gold- cur- .rency- for;tbe-EibRire. -. With regard to sil ver/- llie; -attitude - is -.very different. The Bpndou'&M; Jnt/ha';neye ericouraged any . desirefo' -upon this portion/of For years represen- tation's have been; made upon this subject by V ietor ia'n. , Govern uieuts; but /without achiev ing any advance towards settlement. The - justice of thc';claim that Arist'ralia should obtaiu' tlioVproUts of coinage for its own rc- quiremerits;'-:was go". demonstrably' just that ho 'rivigumehl/eould be; adduced in support ol' ' downrighfercftisnl; All the ingenious me- thuds of, delay .familiar to the official mind, .hcwevcry have been tried, and the rectifica tion of the -wrong- miist Re left to Federal effort; './ It is a curious: example of in'eonsist- eiicyjHiat Canada/Dong ICong and most of the minor. Crow colonies- have been given their/share" In trie .profits, while the -same 'measure of justiec.has been denied-, to Aus- -tralasla.' and -, South Africa.-: The London "Mint/ has- douS/wcilut of Australia in a /double seuse.: -- The : Melbourne and Sydney -Mints,: nialutalued at colonial .expense; have relieved It of a costly duty In providing a 'gold'1 coinage, "/.while Australia, denied any part icipation in ''silver coinage, has had to pay heavily for the privilege of renewing its silver , cuvreney frorii the Loudon Mint's out- . /put. The silver bullion we send away is , bought at-aboul 2/4 per oz., but for the sir- ve'r in' cofn-'-we . import' we' have to pay 5/(5 per oz.--" -The' profit 'on' coinage is therefore hioretlian' equal to the original cost. As during -the last 30 years, we have taken near-. lyi£2ioOO,OCO in value of sliver coinage it :ma'y hh stated with accuracy - that. the Imper ial /Exchequer- has benefited to the extent of £1,000,000 at Australian expense. Is it 'not -about- --time that tills-. process- ..of indirect tax ation canto to an end?; - 13 IiOMISES more of ten broken than, ful ly filled furnish:, a very unsatisfactory assurance of- assistance - to /.those whose means of living- depend . upon prompt and effective remedy. The settlers lit the Koo- weerap Swamp feel themselves In this pre dicament. Tiiey were induced to go upon the land there on the understanding that it was properly drained, and that the danger from floods, save under exceptional condi tions, was reduced to a minimum. Unfor tunately, these expectations have not been realised. Every rainy season brings dis aster, and they find themselves liable to a recurrent experience which spells ruin.- They see the fruits of their labor swept away by the raging inrush of waters, and their land rendered temporarily unfit for cul tivation. In the last two or three years this state of things litys occurred, not once only, hut several times, and we cannot wonder that settlers are becoming disheartened over the failure of departmental effort to im prove the position. At the indignation meet ing held last week some hard facts were given. A little more than a year ago a flood swept the settlement clear of everything in the shape of produce, whether harvested or in the ground. The Public Works engineers undertook to widen tho channels, and vfe cure the settlers from a repetiiton of Injury. The flood early In this year showed how little faith was to be placed in this assur ance. The onion crop was practically de stroyed, and the potatoes have rotted in the saturated soil. Engineering blundering is blamed for most of these difficulties. The original scheme was faulty m conception, nnd the ability at the disposal of the Public Works department does not scorn equal to the task of remedying Its defects. The main central channel Is not sufficient to relieve its own system of subsidiary drains, and even a moderate rainfall makes a flood, while on the eastward side there is no attempt to give an adequate drainage outlet. The de partmental engineers keep on pottering about, patching here nnd there, doing pos- slblj more harm than good, hut never show ing any clear conception of what Is wanted. Those who know the locality well say that the natural outlet is at Yallock, on the sea coast, nnd that relief would be afforded by making an outfall there. The diversion of water in this direction, it is stated, would relieve the whole of the eastern subsidiary drains from their present water-logged con dition, AVe are not surprised that confidence in the engineering capacity of the Public AYorks department has been seriously, shaken, and that the present demand la that outside assistance should be ohtnined. The Koowecrup settlement may be made a very valuable national asset if drainage can be effectively carried out. .... MELBOURNE ratepayers have, relieved themselves from any imputation of being iuflucuced by an "Ignorant impatience of taxation." Citizens who have long been enjoying a shilling rate have nothing much to complain about over an increase made for the purpose of paying for the Royal visit celebrations and wiping out a few? arrears of liabilities. The City Council in determining upon this course has ndopted an honest and straightforward policy. In regard to its- fin ancial arrangements the Melbourne corpora tion has exhibited an example which, if not free from occasional blundering, has al ways been hi pleasing contrast with that which might be instanced In other cities. There have been no shameful scandals, nor has the money of the ratepayers been wildly lavished in Indefensible extravagances. In comparison with, the general average of municipal burdens the shilling rate will ap pear low. and even with the 4d. now added, though it' represents an advance of 33 per cent.",' as Mr. Godfrey with keen financial instinct has been able to discover, there are many municipalities which, would be glad to exchange the position. From the way he harped upou: the subject we might almost imagine that Mr. Godfrey wonld have been content with any thing ''.except the average. Had the City Couuctl by wastefulness in the past, brought up the ordinary rate to 2/ lie would have been comforted by the reflec tion that tlic'4d. rise nicaut only 1CJ per cent. ' His views,, .however, met with little sympathy from the meeting of citizens he eouvened, aud the resolution to hold a public luceUug of protest was accepted ratber with the idea of affording aii opportunity of ex planation than with the intention of threatening the council with condem nation. Sir.;->L-,:Di:.li(Encharn'...Js.. con fident that ; the city - will find there is notUing to 'grumble/;, oyer. Halt of the increase Jn the. rate is;due to the sne<\-- ial expenses of the recent festivities, and over these-tlie citizens who. appreciated the \- creditable 'show that was made are not dis posed to quarrel. The arrears. that have ac cumulated are not very serious iD amount, but it is better to face the situation at once than drift iuto difficulties. 