Sir W. M'Millan, the Sydney free-trader, is ready, ho tells us, to out the painter that links Australia with tlie British Empire rather than permit free- trade in alien labor. He speaks .with scorn of -what lie calls the "half measures" of the Barton Governujent Immigration Bill,;, '.which seeks to prevent - the influx of Chinese, Japanese . and Indian coolies by means of an- education test. To his mind it is a flabby, jellyfish sort of expedient. To shut. out an alien by giving him 50 words to write in English, knowing that he can not pass the test, excites Sir W. lI'Milhui's indignation, lie wants to go straight to ,the heart of the difficulty, or rather lie wants to. create a ...difficulty whore there is none. It is true that Mr. Chamberlain countenances this solution of the problem. But' the member for Wentworth will have nothing, to do .with it. Wo ought, lie thinks, to declare in the face of the Empire that the Commonwealth will have no dic tation from Downing-strcct, and to say to!Mr. Chamberlain that "this is a pro- " blein which you must face, and not "ovade." Ilo'admits it to be an extreme act to shut oift foreigners from any part of the British Empire. But it must be done, and done not diplomatically, but directly and boldly... The .danger of , an alien invasion can only, be met, he declares, by saying those people must not come hero at all. . That appar ently is what Sir ' W. M'Millan lias made up his mind to. Prohibition — pro hibition, purevand simple. But while- pre pared in the most light, hearted manner imaginable to take lip --high ground against the Imperial Government, lie lias no suggestion to make ' as to means. " How are you 'going to doa.1 witli Indians " who are British subjects? "..asked Sir J. Forrest. This simple question .ought to have been very easily answered by a maii who had indulged in all . the preceding rodomontade, but poor Sir W. M'Millan could only say feebly that, since wo nrc part of the British Empire, we must "meet " these difficulties fnce to face," and we should tell the British Government quite plainly that, .while wo. wanted to belong. to it, we- Were not going to be ham pered by the conditions which arise out of the union. For nonsense and obvious insincerity it would "be hard to find a parallel for Sir W. M'Millan's speech i it - means — if what is meaningless, can he said to have a moaning — that 'Australia is to be, if possible, in the Imperial partner ship, but subject to hone of the partner: ship conditions. When it dawned , upon him that he was stating an absurdity, he added that- we should he prepared, to sot up n republic of our own and. strike out of our Constitution the words "Under 'I llic Crown;" This is the first note of disloj'alty which has been uttered in- the Federal Parliament. We .may all feel pleased that it emanated from h. Conserva tive and a free- trader. Nothing has arisen which even remotely calls for any such menace. All parties are agreed that Australia must' be reserved for the white man. Ministers 'have announced that 'policy as. one for which they are respon sible. Great Britain, through her Colonial Secretary, lias repeatedly expressed sym pathy with it, and a complete willingness to assist it. But n policy of sueli a nature is not to ho rushed at pell mell with closed eyes, as a foreign trader rushes at theories and misses the' facts of life. It is eminently a matter for diplomatic treatment. British subjects ouglit to be free in the British Empire. And British subjects are of all colore. It is' a 'very risky, thing to sny that we are to remain a part of the .British Empire and openly proscribe by. name our fellow subjects.. What we have to accomplish is to pre vent an invasion of alien races without doing violence to the \racial feelings . of neighboring peoples. This can' be accom plished by -a judicious administration -of the' education test- That test is embodied in ' the Goyerninent Bill. ' Exporionoe, as well .ai a' priori reasoning, siipws that, .while it will aehieve its purpose, it is. not unacceptable to the Imperial .partner ship. . .... We see, therefore, that the. speech .of Sir W. M'Millan, proclaiming itis readiness to rend the Empire in pure' braggadocio, looks at first sight very/like the language, of one distraught' 'It has no apparent basis of reason in it But when' wqvlobk a little closer, and rend between the, lines, wo come upon an explanation. The Minis-, terial poliey of a -"white Australia" has commehded itself ' very strongly to .the members of the,: Queensland /Eabor party. Mr. lleid's very equivocal attitude on.that; point .lias proved; equally 'dis- apppinting. Strictly spcttking, the restric tion of colored labor Is.' properly h, "part of tlio pioteetionist policy, just as "it is opposed.. to -free-tmdb 'tenets. The free trader who is consistent with his own principles will demand free-trade in labor as in other things, just us did the free- trade. slave holders of South America; it therefore is in keeping that the Barton Government '.should- demand a " "While zVu8tralia, find that thc'frcc-trade Oppo sition sliould Iiave coquetted a good' deal With the subject. ,But tlie leaders of the Opposition begin to perceive they are los ing. nil hold on the Labor votes by their temporising with this question of alien labor. As tlie tariff is" just about ready for submission, something must 'be done, and, if it is to be done, "when 'tis -done' then 'twere well it were done quickly." So thinks Sir IV. M'Millan. Desppratc eases require desperate remedies. Hence wc lmd the spectacle of this whole-souled free-trader appearing in the new character of an upsetter of the unity of the Empire, in order to achieve, a "white Australiu." He will not accept the accomplishment of this policy by diplomatic means. An education test is a thing to be scorned, and nothing less than open challenge to Mr. Chamberlain and a flouring of Down- ing-strcet will appease his over-wrought sou). And all this in order to prove to the Queensland Labor members that the free-trade Codlin is their true friend, and not tlie protectionist Short. Certainly the exhibition was one that startled the House, as well it might. For everybody felt that lie was witnessing a piece of noting, and very bad acting, too. Mr! 'Beid should have plnyed the part himself! He could have sustained it more adroitly, but by .. trusting it to his lieutenant the oifeet lias been spoiled, and now the "man "in the street," instead of being impressed, is only made hilarious at this very latest bit of free-trade burlesque. Before Parliament assents to Mr. Pea cock's somewhat gigantic expenditure on tho port of Melbourne exhaustive inquiri ies should .be made whether tho proposed improvements can be justified. So far there does not appear to bo any expert information available on the important question of harbor construction. It would be absurd to assume that the offi cials of tho -Public Works Department, whose 'experience and duties are almost entirely ' restricted to road, bridge and similar constructions, can have tlie special knowledge required to deal with a matter far more complicated, and which over)': where is regarded as a speciality. On all hands it is admitted that a great deal requires to be done to perfect tlie port shipping accommodation, and to modern ise .the appliances for rapid discharge tind loading of ; Vessels. The question as to how this can be best assured is one demanding tlie -most, careful considera tion. Melbourne possesses few of tlie natural advantages of. tho port of Sydney, but tho practical application of the best scientific' methods would go a long way to supply natural deficiencies. A careful examination of what other countries are doing unmistakably proves, that the pier system lias been altogether aban doned, In Holland, the adoption of tjie canal-basin and dock system has hot only . effectually overcome natural disad vantages, but placed the ports in ,the highest position. Again, in the United Kingdom ' a similar system has been adopted, with correspondingly satisfactory results. _ Manchester, tho most modem port, owes its existence to this plan, and the, .same may be said at a far . earlier date in connection with Southampton. At.Milford Haven, Belfast, Glasgow, Hull, and, indeed, nioro or lees in every con siderable port, docks and bnsins furnish the..nccpmmo'dation found to bo most suit able for shipping requirements. . With all this evidence of whaj; countries commanding the best special knowledge on tho question of harbor construction ahd- improvements are doing, it would be something like a crime to commit this young country to hn enormous , out lay. on an - obsolete system. Piers ,; can only he regarded as erections to ' meet emergencies, temporary' in' character; and though to the Conservative . mind expenditure in this direction may be regarded as progressive, ..those wlio are not .'shackled, to the past will certainly regard it rather as retrogressive." ' A forward policy was adopted in tliorpast, and something like two and a half millions of money hits Been., spent in this direction.- In these circumstances tit may hp fairly-asked that every ' individual legislator shall /.make Himself/ practicaiiy acquainted with the manner in which this 'large amount of money;, has bceti expended.: . The. outlay was- sanctioned; first, to confer special benefits' o"ri the pro ducer by enabling him uf'.the minimum cost, to place his grain, wool and other exports oil. hoard tho vessels carrying. flhe trade, saving in handling being, a primary object; second, to bring the State railway system into direct touch with. the wharves to facilitate economic1 transportation;" and' third, to concentrate the" business, .of the port of Melbourne, instead of distributing it 'over .three or four points, as in the earlier experiences of tlie city. .Members representing country districts whoso interests arc largely concerned'1 in. the shipment' of' grain would find much food for reflection if they visited the Vic toria Dock and' Yarra "River wharves. Tlie wharves ' have been built and a magnificent , dock constructed, . but it will, be found that there -is -almost a total absence of. those railway appliances that alone CaiV make the; wharves valu-. able.- For .instance, '.there is a single line of rails -daid at the -north, end of -'the dock. The vessels; however, as a rule, "are berthed on lite east mid- south-east sec- tions, and to-day there is the painful evidence of what our progress lias been, in the unloading of grain waggons.' at one nngle of the dock, „and transferring, their freight hundreds of yards thonee by means of itand trucks. Possibly in no other place could such an utter .absence. of .common- sense .in tho provision of slapping facilities be found. What applies to grain and other exports applies even in a more definite sense- to imports. Pig iron for the Ballarat- foundries, metals- of all classes for the Bendigo, Castlomaine and' other country workshops and any amount of other goods piled up at these' wharves are all penalised by the fact that instead of 'oho handling, there ipust be three; if . not four, before 'Jliey' can i-eapli their destination, each handling adding to tlie cost! ._! . . 7 The railway authorities appear to .have set themselves if roni the first against';' tlio public policy of making Melbourne!, the central port of- the 'State, and to-day Mr. Peacock, it seems, is advocating a .return to tlie old system of division. '''Surely Par liament will insist on'"a most searching i nqu iry before it pledges j.ho cou n try to sueli a reactionary plnn. . What seems to be required - is not ... only the connec tion , of 1 our railway , system .with the 'wharves . on- ,-tho north'" and south ' banks of - the Yarra ahd all round the' Victoria' Dock, birt tlie deepen ing of the latter, and " the opening 'i/p of. a direct channel to' connect it with Hob- son's. Bay.. A; scheme. with these objects' in yipiy would -convert the port of .Mel bourne into a. shipping depot for: tlie Australian Federation, Unlimited aecom- modation could be -provided, and- at the same time loading and' discharging, with, rapidity and small . expense woul(i be' assured. The pier upon -which tlie Govern ment proposes to expend'' so large a sum of money .will hot secure, aiiy. one- of. -.'these desirable ends, nor " will its patchwork rchenie in any!, way,, help- to rescue. /the port - of Mclboumo -.from -.its ' present, inferior position and" threatened extinc tion. !_ . ' . ' The increasing eoinpctitiou of British colonies for the butter trade of the United- Kingdom is ai; 'the mopient attracting, special attention amongst London deulers.. For some years tlie trade was monopolised by the Danish creameries, but now it would appear that Australasia is becom ing a leading factor in the matter of sup ply, and, although only ranking fourth on tlie list of butter exporters to the United Kingdom, London authorities state there is scope for materially increas ing tlie trade if greater uniformity. -in the quality of our butter con lie assured. Those who speak with authority on this point assert that- uniformity is by no- means difficult of attainment, if tlie mana gers of Victorian dairies adopted the Pas teur system with efficient refrigeration and abolished separation by individual farmers. It is churned by experts that a uniformly high grade butter can bo guaranteed by co-operative butter fac tories where tho most approved methods are adopted for dealing botli -with tlie cows and the milk. To a certain extent this system has been accepted in Victoria; but there is room for improvement in treatment both of stock and their produce. A system of drastic dairy inspection is indLspcusnblc, as half the defects in butter are traceable to unclean dairics-tind appli ances. There must also be inspection of all shipments sent to England, and the use only of boxes made of well ' seasoned wood insisted on, for it appears that scve- ml parcels arrived in London last season in a damaged condition owing to a neglect on the part of tho packers to take this precaution, Tito opinion of those who hold large interests in the butter markets of the United Kingdom is favorable to tlie continued expansion of exports from Victoria; but,- if our producers are to compete on level terms with tlie Danes, every attention must be given to ensuring ''Sh grade uniformity of quality in our shipments. The shipper of good butter has nothing to fear from the closest inspection, which affords him protection against competition with an' inferior article, tlio offering of which in the English market tends to prejudice buyers against Victorian butter. 