THE DARLING DOWNS ELECTION. The time is drawing near when the electors of the Darling Downs will be called upop to decide* upon a repre sentative for their electorate m the Federal Parliament. The common sense view of the matter is that they seek a repre sentative, not a misropresentative. It will if this view bo taken bo essential to study the qualifications of both candidates to ascertain which of them is the more largely endowed with those necessary to enable him while legislating for the general good to particularly make his in fluence, felt in tho direction of promoting legislation, which lias special application to (he Darling Downs in the development of the primary and secondary industries that have been established hero. Wo have on more tluin one occasion pointed out that Mr. L. E. Groom as tho nominee of Mr. Burton occupies largely an important position. He has received the special endorsement of tho Federal Premier and where the safety of the Government is concerned as it will be in any voto that may be taken to censuro the Government upon their indiscrcot policy, with respect io the Germanic and Scandinavian races Mr. Groom will be expected and as an honourable mun who has swallowed the iiurtouiuii policy decoction, must give his adherence to the party in order to Bccure position. It is humiliating to a con stituency of tho importance of the Darling Downs that its representative should be liuiiiid hand ami foot to tho chariot of the l-'eik'i-al l'veiuior, but this will be the (Kuit'im uiilcHt 11 wine cure lie exercised. What more dctitrud'ive legislation could lie introduced, in ho far as the Darling Downs is concerned than tho Immigration ltestrietionliill? Turn where we will upon (lie Darling Downs, and we are confronted willi till! fact (hat wherever the heaviest pioneering ugriiMilturul work has been undertaken the ovjerulors have been of Uei'iHanio or Scandinavian origin. It is I lie pride of the district that the magniii cent Hr nib lauds along the slopes of the ?ijiiii! range have been brought under cultivation, but if we ask who it is that has achiovod such inagniikont results mder tho most untoward clrcumstancos, die answer in eighty per cent of the cases .vill be tlint this really splendid develop mental work lius been carried out by [ioniums, Danes, and Swedes. If we per nie our researches into (he realms of tho lieavily timbered country we will again find that if. is the name races of men, ivho have been instrumental in subduing the virgin forests and in turning the waste places of the earth into smiling paradises. Yet these are the men whom the Barton Government place on an .?quality with the Chinaman, the Japanese, imd tho Kanaka. Strong representation lias been made to Mr. Barton (o eliminate the clause which places intelligent Europeans on the same level with low Asiatic nations, but to those representa tions he has turned a deaf car. More than that he expresses his determination to force the measure through tho House of Representatives if ho can get a suffi ciently large servile- following. Ib the Darling Dowiib to contribute to that ser vile following? Are wo to beliovo that the enlightened inhabitants of Northern Europe and their descendants will sup port a Prime Minister who degrades the race from whence they sprung to tho very lowest position ? We have great faith in their sturdy independence, and pride, than to believe that German, Swede, or Dane will calmly sit down under the in sult that has been heaped upon them. The wonder is, that our Gorman settlers have been so long tolerant of theignomin -)iis slurs cast upon them ; that they have have not ere this protested against Mr. Barton's action. As we have a large sec tion of German or Danish' settlements on the Downs, it is injurious to its interests. As agriculturalists, these settlers have contributed materially to the iuercaso of the wealth of the Queensland community, aud we caur.ot spare them. If the Barton restriction on desirable immigrants be carried, v,e must suffer. It ought to be plain to every intelligent elector that by returning Mr. Barton's nominee, a prac tical endorsement is made of tho Barton policy with regard to the restriction of desirable immigration. 'Jho Federal Prime Minister will be in a \josition to say that tho constituency of all others that has been benefited most largely by German immigration; that owes so much to its prosperity tb the work of German, Danish, and Swedish agriculturalists; that is so largely inhabited by represen tatives of these nations, has decreed that it is undesirable that they should be per mitted to land in Australia unless they have an education in excess of a large number of British-born people. Should the Darling Downs return Mr. Bell, it will be a message to Mr. Barton that we are not tolerant of his insult to so large a number of our best agriculturists. We havo said that Mr. Barton lias expressed his determination to force tho Bill through the House, assigning as a reason for the retention of the clause, that it will not be put in force against Euro peans. We pointed out in a former article and we again emphasise it, that the insult docs not lie in a refusal to admit into Australia an intelligent German or Dane, but in the fact that the power to do so remains at the official's option. The insult lies in the fact that he is to be the judge in the instance, and it is to be continuous so long as the Act remains on the Statutes of the Commonwealth. We have pointed out tho way in which the election of Mr. Barton's nominee may do incalculable evil to the Darling Downs. And evil may be done in another way. Mr. Bar ton's nominee has never been brought into practical relation with the industries of tho Darling Downs, and is absolutely deficient in tho special knowledge that should be possessed by a representative of 11 constituency whose interests are largely agricultural and pastoral — a knowledge which is only attained by per sonally coming into touch with these in dustries. The special ways in which the Federal tariff will operate, either in fav our of, or against- Darling Dowub interests, will be more readily seen by one who has given a number of years of his life to an intelligent Btudy of the industrial problems that effect Queens land. Mr. Bell lius certainly had an opportunity of acquiring an intimate knowledge of the workings of our princi pal industries, and, being possessed of the necessary knowledgo, is better able to fight for our interests than will be the gentleman who would have to accept the dicta of Mr. Barton. Two important ways in which tho Darling Downs is like ly to be affected by this election have been placed before our readers. Wo are fully convinced that in relation to the two ways in which wo are likely to bo affected, tho conservation of our interests would bo best in the hands of Mr. Bell, and such of the electors of the Darling Downs who agreo with us wo hope will .signify lhe;x agreement by voting for Mr. Boll on next Saturday. 