ECHOES FROM LONDOX [From our Special CorrespoTxient.J LONDON June J. — KmHration and rmmKration.— Tbe statist!^: of emigration for 1900 show that of 29S.561 persons.' indud ins; foreiEiier-.. wii.j left rfii* coin try far places out of Eurupe only J5.723 \rcsrt to An.-4talasi.-u while 189.39B They are thcah?tnct .-md Brief chroenjes oi ihc limr. tfete bound lor Hie Lruied States, and even the Cape and Natal -took 25.51S. The tisnres are interesting reading. (.H the na tive einignaix.-t. ii-e fijglirfi furnished 51, the Scottish 12, and tne'lri«!i 21 per cent. Taese numbered 183,825 out .if the total .named. The imnrigration returns .cfaow a large inereise of alkis. 62^5*5 fcrving laidcil Ivrc who sre not known to hate proceeded to other countries, as agninst 50.S84 in 1809. Tim majority -re?re .Jeay from Kna-ia, i'c laad. and Rtrnmania. rbtragh a liHTpe num ivr -it Itiliani were indnJcil. ? Tw re cf-rii nnmfacr of TminisraHts for one year was reached tn 1894, Irat the 1WX1 irtnms take second place. The number of enu ;jranti5 la.-'t year huve fTeqnently bs'en cx t-ef-ied. thnngh. not since 1S9:!.' The in crease to Great Britain on the arrivals and departures durini: the rear was about 14.000 person.*. ft-frM North America attracted nvkc as many «nigrants as went Orere i finring the previous rear, foreigners being ?wry cdnsiirerably in excess of tie British. In the exodn.-= from Ireland the females outnumbered the marts i-y 2,000. — Friendly JNwieties and Self-Help.— The Tepcrn (for rigfemd and Wales onlvi -t-l the Chief lis-fetrar of Frieroily Societis for 1900 renarks that it k not'aoTprasing tb.it 'in this year of strife and stress'' regis trations should s6ow a Ming-off, excepting ♦wily a* regards cnzstecSf who la.T*e increas cJ- New .societies, branches, onions, and schemes, numbered- 732 agamst M4 in the prevtans rear. There cr« rrow 3S,2U s:cie tie? nnder the Frendlv Societies Act, aifti, v.ith Indastriil and Provident Societies added, the total k 30.020, not inchiding £94 retnrnR received in 1900 for years prerioa« to 1899. The report deak with neither funds nor nKmbereJiip of ti-e Prieady Soeie ties. Tlie members of Industrial and fto videat Societies, mosft of tl;am oejongrag K- iyx-pecative organizatraits, were returned as ].4.fSS,7o3, ^riwiBg an jnwease of 64^23 for the year. That ca-opejation is gsiining.fa voar is abundantly- evident from the feet that the sales last year amoanled to nearly 5tt nEllions sterling— an fccreasj of over 3i nriDicng. The profits naehea nearly ^ million?, while the kfcees arc shown as only £1:2.136. The Leei3s .industrial Society tops thL« fet whh 45,439 members, 'and 21 oth'erH hare more tltm 10,000 ?members', each socie ty getting over £300,090 of goods; wlrile PI years a&\- only ei^rt of them readied these figures. TAc greatest salej were by tire Co-operative Wholesale, who drowsed of nearly ltt mfllioK* rfto-lingr, and tie I5vil Service Snp^.y cearfy 1J rmliicaK stwfeig: The figures rektin^ to trades unions show that the numbers ©t registered trade unions were 593: funds, £3.349,420; increase, £«2)^59; income. £1,990,080: number of members, 1,360,945; and inerease. 21rV587. The Amalgamated Snciety'of Engineers increased their finuis by £99.047, and 13 other? by over £10,000 eacli. There are 13 railways arintr; b.tnics with 43,490 deposi tors owning X. millions steriinp. —Army Medical tteport.— Tlic report of the Army Mediral Depart jisent r-iT- 1890 contains little about the war in South Africa, the most important infor nvition. on that 'bead being withheld until (jnmplete statistics are forthcoming. The average strength of. the .European troops, exclusive of ISouth African, was 201,000, aid out of these there- were 173,3H aihnLssiiros .to hospital, and 1,394 deaths. A ratio of 861 admissions per thousind ai^e-ts a terrible ?prevalence of sickness, while 10,011 were constantly ineffective from disease. AVhen it i- remembered -that the admission and mortality rates were higher than in 189S, but lower than the average rate for tiie rre caling ten years, an idea of the physical condition of the army maj- be gained. Of 6S,0S7 recrtritB inspectel 22 504 were rejected, or .'00 per choosand, this ritio of rejeciion .--howing a alight decreaae on the previous year. Of tho^e accepted ont ..of every thour i«nd 766 bekmged tn Jyidand and Wales, 105 to Swdand. 119 to Ireland, and 10 from the BritiA colonies and- foreign countries. The ratio of rejection has increased aBghtr ly with regard to Irish recruits, but Scot land and the colonies have the smaHest nmn-ber of . rejections. - Scot land has increased her proportion of recruits by 10 per thousand, and Ireland has decreased by 9. Of the total number -£* rejections. 1^3 did not come up to the standard cheat measure ment, 2JJS9 had defective vision, and 2,304 ?were under weight. . Loss of teeth, under height, over height,* 'heart disease, disease ot veins, and malforiKaiions are among the other capes, as well as that of flat' feet, from which distresang diSkulty S3S wonld be soldiers were put~ aside. Rie average teight of recniits s6ovrd a Might decrease. Oriy 3.231 are returned as well educated. —Mr. Morley on the War— ' 'Ah! these famtatioiv BisTiorAa!'* said Mr. Morlcy this week to hi* ;-j!-n:tneiHs a: Montrcse. 'If the Government had said that the Boers should have their indepen dence there would hare been no vrar. Tmazrne Prince Bismarck pursuing a .raurse of diplomacy, or sending u single syUabic in a telegrarn. or a word in a protocol, until he was certain fchat hfc guns were shotted and his maj« prepared.' Sir. 5?oriey*s ecn demaatinn of the Governaicnt i'or its. man ageraeut of the whole Boer, qnesado and for its bhmderrr.g srnre tiie beginning -of the war was received withont \dfeent by his hearers. This fact, however, may be ascrib ed to the personal hrfluerce of. the -man as much as to any other cause. As he himself rcmarfceH — 'At a time wlien the voice of ?war was clamouring they gave him,, as re presenting the voke of peace, a great majo rity.*' There was a good deal in his speech that savoured of wisdom after the event He agreed that after the Boer ultimatum an/i the invasion of tbe Queens dominions v;ar was rnevitable, but ? he thougbt . that following the occupation of Pretoria we niisrht hive incorporated the Sooth African Kepubfics in tlie empire, but have i'epa- rated them from the Rand, giving the Re publics four -jr five years in which to -*t up a government similar to that of Au^ tralia or Canada. He bad a hit at Lord ifilner when he remarked that ''he could rot see any''0?*1 ™ tic statesmarujiip w^iich woke abwt the iecred, the aBrbttiou,3Dd the. ignoram-c of those l-rave foes.' Ijord Mil ner at the bauijtift on lias arrival tendered him by.llr. Chamberlain ?poke of tlic ''pan oplied hatred,' the ignorance, and ambition o; the Itoers -niiich Vrme people expected Great Britain to conciliate. —'Hie State Church.— At the London Diocesan Conferen:e this week Bishop Barry moved— 'That Un.s conference desires to i-laceon record it deep 3rn=c of the grievons loss sustained by tne diocese and by tire tvnole church ;wd nation ;iy Hie death, of its late president, tiie Jate Lord. Prtdiop of London '(Bishop Creigh ton), a p-fat servm of God and leader of men, in wliotn profound learning;, brilliant and versatile ability, and statesmanlike fagaedty were consecrated by earnest Chris tian faitli and devotion to the .oerviee of tiie Lord and ol His people: and who, by the largeness of nip -sympathy, by his re gard for the feriings and. prin-riptes of aJj ifevbons of tlte church, and by his constant endeavour to bring all togetiieron tire basis ot a fundamental unity, proved himself to b; a tnie father in God to all committed to his chargp?1 Tiie resolutifin was carried hi silcnrc, T'nc conference stanilinff. 'J'nc new Bishop of London, in response to tnc weloorao extended to iiim, said he did not favour the partitioning of £h? ijcndori J-io- cese' further than at was already lrrokcn by tlse river. It was 'an ofhTuitage' to bare the rich of the West End and the pror of iviatechapel-^-who were quite a.-: aristo cratic — in one diocese. He intended to use the .aervkes of tbe Snffragan Bi«hopf=. Arch deacons, aad rural deans, and matters ot detail and disputes would came before the BLshops first, and if necessary filter through that layer on to liimself. Regarding the so-called ritual question, be' propped— with- out unduly hurrying, and without yielding to interference from men. ami. if ire might ?ay so without di.v»urtesy. .even from wo men — to regulate, the ceremonial in the dio cese, and Ui. give directions on any points ?which seemed in -any parish- to call 'for such direction. He hoped to do k- on True Catholic principles, and lie should expect in p-tcrn tree Caioolic obedience. Jt would bs dene privately, as a father in Gcd fhouJd in the lirst instant deal with his deny, and sepdratery, each, case being con sidered on its own merits. It would be done after consultation with the greatest experts on tht particular subject in their church: it would be done in coufcimrtfiou of the wisa and enligaterted poli-jy which he had inherited from fiis diatinguislied pre dec-s«r. The motion— 'Tfcit ixml I'eel s minorih' report to' the Royal Commis?ion forms a satisfactory baas for a comprehen sive s:hem? of teiiafierance legisiatioii, and that the Bills introduced into the iHcuee of Lords by toe Bishop ct.Whichesber ;md now adopted with amendments by the Go verptnenv, and the Bill forbiddtcs; the sile of intoijcints to yopsig children, as being common to both majority and minority re ports of the Royal (JommiasicTL, should re ceive the support and «rt-pera£ion ot tire cleriry and laity!'' wa« eventually agreed ro. —At Southend (says the '*Espress') a mild clerical srindal exists,- two members at an An^ican eiiurdi being denied communion for attending Roman '? CUUiolie' leijtures. The Bishop had to intervene. — The Defender of Dreyfus.— Maitre Labori, the advocate who defended Capf. Dreyfus, was this week the guest 'of the Haxcftvicke Society at its annual dinner. About 650 jwrsens were present, including iir. .Tnstiee Hodges, of Melbourne, who proposed ''Tlie Houses of Parliament.' The liord Ghaticeflar, replying to the toast oi 'The Bench,' expressed his pleasure at meeting one of \hoas . distinguished advo cates who made the profession honoured among mankind.' It was a great satisfaction to recognise -the pfofesrion in the person of s- distinguished a man— a. memlier of a friendly nation for which all entertained a pro'ound and affectionate regard. With the drramsrances which had made Maitre La bori distinguished. they had notlung to do; but abroad-, as at home, the same qualities were' to be admired in advocates, courage, independence,' and honour. The audience arose, waved handkerchief s» and sang 'For he's a jolly good fellow,'' before Maiire Ln l*ori stood up to reply. He spofa? in F-rtglisli and with emotion, and in depreciation of his acquaintance witi our language, which was exaggerated, as iladame Labori i.-f an AustraKan, who has doubtkas afforded him at feast oh* occasional opportunity of study ing! iritonatron.* — Kipling's Latest.— The 'Times'' -f -Tune 5 publishes a copy right poem by Rndyard Kipling, entitled 'Bridge Guard in the Karroo,'' from wiich these verses are taken. The teste at the top are 'And will supply details to guard the Blood River Bridge.' District Order.*— Lines of communication. I select a few vefKs as a sampJe of the rest:—. The twiliiht swalkiws tbc thidjet; Th« starlight reveals the Ttdgc; The -wtostle shrills to the picket ,. we are disn^ng guard on the bridge. (Kcw. forsottcn and lonely, Where tlic cmnty metals shine— ' So. ont comb»iant4-only ' Derails piardin? the line.) We stumble on refuse of rations— Tire bctf and the biscuit tins— Wo take our appointed stations ' And tbe endless niglit begins: Vo'(^s*of jsclsals calling And, loud in the hush between, A morsel of dry eartii (siting From the Sanks of the scarred ravine. Ar.d the solemn firmament marches And ihe hosts of heivoi rise Framed through tKe iron arches — Banded and barred by the ties. ' Till we hear the far track hummimr, ' And we see her headlisht plain. And tre gather and wait her corning— The wondcrfnl north-bound train. Quick, ere tbc jrift escape us, Ont of the darkness we reach For a tardrai of week-old papers And 3 mouthful of human speech. And the monstrous heaven rejoices And the earth allows -«eain. Meetings, greetinirs, and voicps ' Of women talking with men. So we -return to our places. As oat on the bridge shr ro}!«; And the i!arknc=s covers our fncc«. Ami the darkness re-enters our sou!?. — American Guests.— Af Windsor Castle on Satunlay Aft-crnoon tlx? Earl of Kintoro, as Lord-in-Waitmg. presented to the Kin? 2o of the prindpal members ot the New York Chamber of, Goramcnc. .Air. J. Pierwmt Morgan was in cladixl in the'mnnhcr. J&i;, wine?, and iccf were provided in the orangery, ivliither the guests repaired after tho mtervkw. Tlic KiiiR and Queen ulso ta-k wrae refrc'lv ments at tlie same time. ;iTid smiled upon the favoured ones. Another of the gather ings ;in-- iiij;e:l by tliL- Londm Chamber of (.'oinmerce in honour of tlian American visi tors wan a banquet jch'en b^' the Grocers' C'onrpjiny, and held -m Tlian^day e\\-eninfr. Some ol the guests were rnifi'ionaires who raced across the Atlantic in v-rcler to pet to the Grocers' ILill in time, rtnd they nui it so closely thai! they had 1'- iiiinii:e« in which to do tlic SO mikv from Southampton to London; but they managed to-accoaiplUh the feat, and were warudy s^doomed. Lord Brasscy took the o.lrarr, and.')TOs sup ported on the right by Mr. Ofrsa&o; (the United States Ambassador I und otr. tiie left by the Marrpiis of J^ansdwvr.e. Ti-e latter spoke of the admiration ;uiJ sym- iiathy felt ?v.ith tho United Slates resident: Miti Mr. Morris K. .les-.ip (the Trosidcnt of tJv.Xew York Chamlior of P^mTnor.-c) --aJd he in.cnt cd both EngJish and Americans to feel fiiat the Unittti Scitcs rpally liwant 'us' in cvprything. America's flcsir-c- wa.s to A'' ?vrhau ^lie rould to ;-rnmot-- iho fednifr -ot oneness, ami, :is a Tmitter uf fact, there \v-as- po rivalry— tbo ppop'le v.-crc of the Rime race, blood, langiiase ami tradition*, reli gion, civilization, and law-. Ijorj Alver stone, an proposing '(hir Kin 15cyond thei Sea,' spoke henrtily and sincerely in es pressfnjj sentiments of friendship; and Mr. Andrew Girnegie, wJw rejJied. said tberc were only two lla^s of the Englisli-si)eaking rare, and whenever they were unfurled to gether V- preserve the peat?e of the world, let dislnrbers— evfji if a combination of many— lxiware, awl let the fates pity them. If ever differences of opinion iirose between two caunirics lie ?J4^esle-! 'tlisit thequestion^ slioiild bo referred to ti'iie C^hambarv of Oom meroc of lyjttdon and New York, which stood for the peace of the world. Tlic (lay was coming when tlie put.riot'sm of race would arisv. 'If you liavc ffi)t another wo man in tliL» eniiiro with sueli a heavenly smile, as your Queen, 1 slmuld like to see hrr.'' Tiii? was the declaration of Air. Terry, vice-president (pf the New York Chamber of Commerce, to -i nei\\-spaiix;r man. — 'Multiplying Tolepraph Me.'-ase.a.— Twelve diifereni messi^es on one wire at one time represent the kites; thing in tele graphy. The inventor is a French engineer named McrAdicr, who has been able to ap ply the vibration theory, used in tlie Mar coni wireless s-yneni, to the cntrwmission oi messages tilonf: a wire.. At tlie ending end tlierc ;txe twelve receivers, ea^h vibrating at a different rate, ajid at the other end there are twelve receiver?, which wspnnd only to the vibrations cf their counterparts; so that a dozen different messages may pa;-*; alora; the one wire at the same time, iind become accurately sorted out, each by its orwn receiver. It is said that the .system can be duplexed, so uuit twenty-four sepa rate massages «tn be .sent at one time. Kx periments held between L-ondon and Ola« po-w were inteiTupted by unfavourable wea ther, 'and some of the ajjpaiTUu.s went wrong, but further tests will 1« tried as. scrcn 'as rejiaiis are effected. It .-ecms pro bable tliat we are -m the eve of a great /re- duction in tho eoc4 of telegraphic messases.. A claim to priority of invention in Mar coni's .system is made by Isidor Kitsee, oi Philadelphia, whose patent hears date No vember. 1S95, whale Marconi's came seven months lator. l-ut Vwth -are anticipated V th» writr-r of a prwm at Oxford in 1836, en titled 'Hakenveiys Apology,' who speikinj; of tlie nrtnes of the lodestone, Faya:— .Vs many rtccles as touch thai, virtuous 'stone In strange and wondrous art conspiring all in onfi, Together move themselves, and sitnitp to-;ethpr; \s if one »f these fleelcs at Koroc be stir'd, the other The Rciisiimc way will stirre thougbcthey iaire- dis- tant bee. And all Uiroufrh Nature's force and '3ecrrt eympa thic. The very form of the appliance is then des cribed, which resembles the ordinary 'A B (.'' instrument no^-adays in nse in places where simplicity ratte- th;ui s'.viftnes.s is required, says the ?'Westminster Oazerte.' —A Fight in Barracks.— A rather serious1 riot occurred on Satur day night in the barracks at Sbxxrneh'ffe' be tween 50 IXiblin Fiisixwrs and some of tbc Royal Fu.--iliers. It seems that tbe DuWins were jeaiotis of ?omc of their brwtier sol diers m consequence of a supposed prefer ence for one ol the Royals before- a Dublin man by a young lady of tire nsignbouriiDod. The Dublin* showed their rescmrnent upon, an inn building, which they canmsentKoi to wreck, when the guard was called oat and the aiTwi of some of the dolinqumts order ed. Then shots were heard, .md two of thesuard rcA-ived ba.vonet tln-usb* ajtd one of tnern was 'injured sevtrely. The melee ronthnied for about two hours, and wtoen it wo^ over tliere were meaty biark eyes«and other evidences of a genera! tu.«le. — Pcet, Scholar, t Editor, and Rowing Coach.— Mr. Rud'olf Ijetmann is an Orford nan of considerable attaimments and a rowing coach, and lately his name has been before the public as the new editor of tbe ''Lfea'y New?' under its altered politics. But he is not so well known an a minor poet. A specimen: — Trie golden world of children! How far away it socrns, Tliit land of fairy melody, of laughter and of dreams, TV here all the chairs and tables were built extreme ly tali— At least they looked gigantic when you and I were small. And in the daar old parden the roses grew so hiirh. Vie only s«w in jrlimpses the azure of the sky. I Know nr.t how it comes, *'red, but nothing soenK to prow Ae high as in our childhood a thousand years ago. So, Fred, I love to wander aniid the nape haze, Hilf hiding, half revealina. those far delightful days. Bdore the fairies flitted wh» held their court below / When vou and I were ehildrm a thousand years xgo. Another, from 'The Voice of the Thames:'*— Tlien. whrn at eve the ringdove's call 13 hushed upon the wooded hill. Aid slowly lorerthenins shadows fall -:i field and stream, and all is still. Drift homewards, tlianking Heaven that made You free to dream awhile your dream In thus fair «*ene of sun and shade On gentle Tbames's crystal stream. Tin?, from a poem entitled 'lliddle Age,' i« pleasant humour, balanced with a remi niscent strain that is half regretful:— .\t thirty we admitted A man may be alive. But slower, feebler wittcd, And done at thirty-five. If Kiitt prolongs his earth days, His joys pew fewer still; And aiter five more birthdays He tatters down the hill. 1 \\\r were the true immortJg ' Who held the earth tn fee; For u=' were flimp the portals 9f fame and victor?', 'fife days were bright and breezy, And jjay our banner; flew, ? ' Aud every peak was ca^y To «-jle at twenty-two. Ti i« all unod verm', such as requires a true ear ;tnd nice taste in the use of words in the writer, th'niish tho 'crystal' nature of the Thames is rather a poetic conception than a fact. —A Gcod Walker.— From Brighten u- Brixton — i~} miles— in 8 hours ol] minutes was not a bad W.ilkin;; jwrform-ance for William Griffin, :- nan 4(i yeai-s of :u;e. Tliere was a wager of £10 affifitet hi.s doin2 the distance in less tlia.ii II1' hours, Imt he finished with an lvour and S minutes u- sp^ire, '%crm% strong,' and none the worse for liis exertion, lie wa.s iifcom pamed by snvoral perswns driving ami mi bicycles, and at Ptirlcy a great crowd joined tire procession, marcliinff through ('roydon ?and StreatJiam, and tliere wa.s much --iieer- kisr (in lirixton Hill, (irifiin 20 years a;:o nrade a record by walking 8 miles in an u!heur. — Conccabncnt of Dead ikKlies.— Atxan mquest on the 31 bodies of infants fo.aaa in a celkr in liirminghiun tvvcrul mi('j'O'i?es admitted Uiking stillborn children te &c; oc-cupier of the premises— Mrs. Kncvie? — lor burial. She received them for sums. nunging from Is. Cd. to 3s. eacb. A post-moi-teni examimirion revealed tlie fiu-t that Hewt-raJ of the children had lived. Tlie woman wits remanded, the coroner remark ing that thv 1-tw rcirdi'diug stillborn children ^-u(- a (puJA'k- .-Hsindal. — Children and Drink,— Ijord I'Soinirarapton huts written to the 'Times' on lieiialf of the Bill whicll deals ?with the old ;uul- vexed question of the wile of intoxicant^ to ?children. To prove the ex tait oi' the -*'il he quotes figures sliowing the enormous VmrribCT of little folk under VJ, ?with atid with'but juga, who entered publifc hon-ies betweeiiv osrtaui hours wuile a watch was being 'keVt foT statietical purpose. After giving thc- ii'u.turday night's figures he says:— ''1 will qnxxfc an instance on a Sunday of tlte numlx-Ts ft*k- entered one jutblic house during the 7 flours aJlowed by law:— 1 to 2 p.m.. 434 clriklren; 2 to 3 p.m., 272 children; (i to 7 p;ni, 72 cbiklrcu: 7 to 8 p.m., ISO children: 8 ti- 9. p.m., 189 children; 9 to 10 pjn., 07 childiw; 10 to 11 p.m., 121 children; total. l,;'O5 eh'ldrcn; and during the same time 2,558 adalVs also entereil the same public-house, There-\is another poblic hoiise about 150 yards .r*4uy, and looking across it to tlic other isra-\workhouse.' —Mr. Hoole;?.— Mr. Hooley would not. qsriekV submit to the cro.«-exami.natirm of liv. JAawhaU Hall regarding hi.s comfortable JBe while In.-. creditors whistled in vain. J-a-r their just dues. Tlie action was a civiiioYie, and Air. Hooley was pin in the box ;ik a wit lies*. He expl-ined that some fritnds ,had given his wife Papvorth Estate, and another place in Derbysfiire, worth .logether £05.000. 'Good friends!' arid' '.Mr- J4n.ll, with a rynic.il intonation. ' Whiff's that to do with yan'r fiercely aitoxl the ox millionaire and donor of galden caticii' plate: 'I came here to give cviden'eo— not to be bullied ! '' He admitted tliat he c wed £1.087,000 wlven he went bankrupt, ,aml that it was reduced to .C.%0,000 by Vie courts. Oi the latter sum tlte creditor had received 2s. in die pound, and the crna: esrimination showed that the effect ot t.hv bankruptcy so far as tlis insolvent himsjif. was conrerned was nil— he ptill lived in the best *tyle, and the Pay/ntrrtli Estate covered 300 acres. Air.. Marshall Hall— 'You live at Papworth in the sanre st,ite us you lived before your bankniptcy?' Air. Hooley — 'You would probably like to live tJiere. Mr. Marshall Hall— 'You won't be imper tinent long.' Mr. Hooley — 'ion won't, either.' The Judge — 'Answer thj i\ms tion.' —Almost Chit Of7.— A barber rejoicing in the aristocratic name of Howard, while shaving one Ste vens, managed to cut the Up nearly oft of the latter's nose, and was sned for £5 da mages to his customer's olfactory feature. He explained that he was doing the 'back stroke' when Stevens turned his head, and thus by contributory negligence nearly shor tened iirs own end. This was denied. The dijfkotred averred that a shopboy shouted, the oarixT jumi»ed, and he (Stevens) suf fered. Mr. Westeott (for plaintiff) — '1 -submit that as tiie defendant suggest^ con tributory negligence he must, prove it, be cause the defendant was clearly a trespas ser on my dieai's noee. (Laughter.) Aly. client only offered hi* chin t«) be shaved.'' His Htm^r — 'Tbe barber was near this 'inau'ff i.i.-.-o with a razor for a JawJ'nl pur j-oat- Tiif question is whether he drew the razor across liis nose or the jilaintilf ran ibis no* up aeainsi the razor.' (Lauglt tia.) The case was adjourned. —A Liberal Oonftituenty.— M '?--!'' Saffron Walden cle^-tion Mr. J. A. l'e:isc-a Liberal, was elected on '3,094 vctes ujalnvt 3,202 poUed by the Conserwit've can didate. Tiie new representative is a fami liar figtSre in the House of Commons, us he sat irnm 1892 till last yeiu- for the Tyne ade Dht-stm of KortliumberlaDd. . The majority of the electors of his new consti tuency hare been stanch Liberals for the la?t 15 yeaiy, though in the la'st election the majority was only tlu. — A i'lying jNlachiin;.— M^e??rs. CX'nny Hrothers, who built Sir Thomas Lipffm's Shamrock fl., have made a iljing mae&ine; for two Spanish pentle men. The totals wore kept secret, but it is stated that ate.v were successful, though the driving po*7er -was inadequate. The mechanism is da'eribed as somewhat aftei1 Uie style of that tuiopted by Mr. Suter, of Zurich, having a runlal axrangement, which was adopted in preference to a petroleum engine after renewed experiments. The machine measures 4(1-, feet from tip to tip of the wings, and the Y^oght, including two men— one to drive and*' the other to steer— will be about 6 ewt. —.lumping nt -a CX'nclusicm.— A man named Bidnrell, al' New York, who believed in the superkiritj' of mind over matter, acd who ha)d written a work on the 'Ueisn of Mind,' decided tto test has theory. Swathed and bandaged w.to a variety of material, j«*t;«ith an AmeJW&n; fiatrnJiifi^ hand; he wok a, fljrrng leap from Brooklvn liridge into the water 135 ft, below. The mutter was not recovered for Rn hour, and. tiicn the mind had left it. —A Generous Testator.— ?' '?? 'I'he snm,of £G50,000 w.k named by Lady Wilson in her will for (litftribtrtion among various homes ami IrnspitaLs and £50,001) win to po to Amelia Nicols; but it appeared in the investigation by the police in connec tion with a little financial difficulty of Lacly Wilson's that her name was Ellen llipnuli, and the ,]x-lice believe she lias i'or yeu.ru lived 'in workhouses unil SiJvsrtion JltHiie?. She obtained money on fake pretences frym lier landlady, and tJuui iib.*onded. leaving Jier maid unprovided for. A doctor wlm attended her pressed for his money, and she said, '-Really, my good man, tkLs is too much: I have an e,-ate in Scotland, a castle in Wales, -i house near Regent's Park, and a rent roll of .C35.000 a year.' Tlie doctor hinted that he should like smnc ot' it— file part tiliat belonged to liini, and. on ki- prt'.ssin'g his claim, a ca triage and pnir were hired, and tliv conple, with tlie cliap litm of an infirmary, who ji]sd pirsr«?ot-.xl thai Lady Wilt--o;i was srnirioirs, drove to tho Admiralty, where hey Myslvip's «rr-: riagc ]-a.s-«l in and out. witli'otit hindraTree.. She went inside, and sJiortly re turned, say iiifr— 'Now. isn't that remarkable? Aly dear friend. Lord Selbome, tells me lie has just cent the £75 due to me to my addre-*.' When before the court-, tins woman of re source still persii?ted tliat fhe had estates worth nviuy thousands a year, and that she wa.« the daughter of Sir William Mackenzie, ot' Inverness, and a widow of naval .Captain Wilson. .Remanded. \--Foolish Virgins.— At the 4-inarium a six -days' cycle race for wiirueh is in jvrosres-;. It is described as a dreamy affair, women ornucliing over low handlebars and pedalling round tlie: small cirrlo hour after hour, their ironmon* ?^cry bumping ctenuiUy lv»tween the wood battens of the -tra«k and seoding »]) a neiTe-i-dclciiiE vibration. — Whiling Away Time.— Front a letter liy tlie ''Daily Mail' «-r- rrcpondent in South Africa:— 'It seemed more than inc-on^mous at times to hear—, here im the-' loneliness of the rollimi veldt, with the black peaks of the distant hills sooty bulks against the velvet black sky litie, with d«i th lurldnj; in ' the darkness about, and over nil the solemn hush of even- -it seems strange, not to say unnatu ral, when Tommies, who, in keeping with the scene, should by rights be shaking in awed wliispers of golden deeds and glo rious sacrifices, are arguing in strident cock ney on the legitimacy of the birili of Moses. 'F(«rri-r ira in tbe bulrushes— yuss, that's wot she said.' ' With stress on the 'Js]ie.?- -Ibsen 111. ])r. Henrik Ibsen is apparently in the lust stages of dissolution. It is reported from Berlin that his strength ig almost esbaus red, and he is now able 5o only -whisper his wants. The illness is of the lingering kind, and it is possible that he may last sonit months. —Traitors in the Bank?.— ? There lias been an outcry recently against Uie severity of sentences pronounced on men found guilty of sleeping at their posts in Sfeutli Africa. At first sight the punish ment seems severe, but ;l correspondent of the 'Daily Chronicle'' throws a uew light on tlie subject. According to him the phrase 'sleeping on duty'' covers the much more serious offence of nctrng as a traitor. In certain cases the men were paid to allow packages to ikiss through from the IJoers, and this accounts for the inexhaustible sup ply of tbc enemy's ammunition. As tlie risk of detection is small he calculates that only a few of the offenders have been caught. When LdkI Roberts was in com mand th' -to cases brought under liis notice, upon which the death son ienve had been passed, were commuted ?,-o penal servitude for life, but since Lord Kitchener has been responsible, all riyu have been caught Ilivc been shot out ci' hand, ami trail n;uiierf included under '({tilths from enteric fever, when not other wise, stated.'' These traitors are in the pay iof persons who, for purposes of their own, .-IcH?.ro to j-oe the independence of the iSouth African Iiepublics maintained. It is stiggastcd that t'he agitation against Lord KiidieiK'r's severity mlly eman.ited from '.hese per--ons who feared that their schemes would thus be nmdered impossibJe. Th'1 leadif?: si)irit-: in this conspiracy are said to bsi ' Englishmen. — Jfiscellaneous.— At the ]j,-ndon Hospital 12,1.')4 patients wire treatecr last year, a decrease of about 45(i on 1899. The beds each cost about £100 per annvm for maintenance. Tlic successful treatvuent of lupus under the new Danish sj-stem, introduced by the i;llcrt? cr Queen Alexandra, was alluded to in die report; itncl Mr. A. Harmsworth's gift of £10,000, and Ihe jiL-iullation ol a tturil. lamp, was ;ui exuwple which it was hoiieU would be fohowed. The tradespeople of Kent are arranging for a system of nujJw cars to carry goods, as the 'railway delivery is inefficient. Mo tor carriage is cheap and reliable, anr! is coming daily into incn.-'ai-Jii iavour, bofu for goiHis »nd p--.*ij!)gei». The Good TempL'irs will ltave none of Earl Gray's public-hoiice trust scheme. After listening to a paper ngaimU it liy one of their chief officers they empuawcally pro^ nouneeil tlieir diffient. L;Ljt year was the warnivvt known in England for half a centurj-, accVrdfng to tho Astronomer Eoyal. The recoi'd tempera ture wa~ registered on Jnlv 16 w\'th 94 deg. Dining a recent bull light at I'Vsmes two moil were badly gore' by an ivituriated beast, and one of the unfortunates bad hid tontnie torn out. Mrs. Brodie will not voluntarily accept less than the £5,000 awaided her by a Scottish jury against Mr. McGregor for breach of promise, and tliere will ev^use tjuent-Iy be a new trial. Ciareful observation dhows that weaiAli brings happiness— at least, as often a? poverty (iocs. 