Interesting Inventions. A Manchester man carries on his person a complete pick-pocket alarm system. ' Removal of his watch, pin, or other jewellery causes the ringing of a bell. The electric plant weighs 280ZS. ? A. "tell-tale" milk jug has just been devised. It is a glass measure, graduated at every quarter-pint. Below the pint and half-pint marks three lines are etched showing the thickness of cream which should appear'in milk of average quality, in good and in very good milk, thus measuring both quality and quantity. A recent invention is a watch for the blind. It is so arranged that by passing the fingers ever sd lightly over the raised letters of the dial the hands are disturbed. In the .middle of each figure is a moveable peg. The hour-hand would be stopped if the peg remained stationary, but at the touch of the hour- hand it drops. To learn what is the hour, the blind man passes his fingers round the circle till he finds the peg that is down. The latter' remains down until the next peg drops. In order to find the minutes there is a similar set of pegs on the outer edge of the dial for the minute-hand. Torpedo scissors, a new form of torpedo net cutter, invented by a Danish naval officer has proved successful, it is said, in recent '.tests. They are fixed to the head of the torpedo, and fall apart on striking the net, ; cutting it, so as to let the torpedo pass through and strike the ship. Burglar-proof glass has been in- vented by a clever manufacturer. It is made by pouring molten glass over a network of steel wiro. It is especially adapted for skylights and ! jewellers' windows. ¡ A little bit of cheese and an electric wire form tho latest rat-trap. The cheese is fixed to the wire, and the instant the rat touches the choose he is "shocked" to death. Ono of the cleverest inventions ever passed by the Patent Office is the machine for sticking common pins in tho papers in which they aro sold. The con- trivance brings up the pins in rows, draws the paper in position, crimps it in two lines, then at a single push passes the pins through the paper and sets them in position. Drawings executed in London were recently transmitted by telegraph to Paris by means of the telautograph. An Englishman has recently been travelling with his wife through France on a machine fitted with a bamboo mast, on which a sail can be hoisted. The wind has sometimes kept him moving, even on ascents, without using the pedals. Among civil engineers of the first class the opinion is expressed that the type of seafaring vessel known as the ''whaleback" will be -the ocean carry- all of the future. The latest form of marine monster, invented by Captain McDougall, is round-decked, flat-bottomed, and ended up like the pointed end of a cigar. Tho wheel- house is a mere turret, and the fore- castles are under the wheelhouse and are set up on three turrets. So far the whalebacks have all boen built on the same pattern, and these are the peculiarities which make of these boats a complete revo- lution in shipbuilding. There is no ponderous bulk above the water, to catch and fight the sea, in a storm. In consequence, no matter how heavy the séa, there is little or no pitching. A machine has just been completed that will count and bind in packages 500,000 postal cards in ten hours. Paper telegraph poles are the latest development of tho art of making paper useful. These poles are made of paper pulp, in which borax, tallow, and so forth, ' are mixed in small quantities. The pulp is cast in a mould with a core in the centre, forming a hollow rod of the desired length, the cross pieces being held by key-shaped wooden pieces driven in on either side of the pole. The paper poles are said to be lighter and stronger than those of wood, and to be unaffected by sun, rain, or any of the other causes which shor- ten the life of a wooden polo. One firm made, in ono year, 150,000,000 cork-screws f rom a curious automatic machine which discharged a finished corkscrew in about thirty seconds. Two shipwrights have invented an ingenious device for closing water- tight doors in the bulkheads of war- ships. When water obtains access to any compartment, it causes a bell . to ring, and a few seconds later the doors close automatically. Rubber heels aro to be attached to the shoes worn by French soldiers. It is claimed that they decrease the fatigue of marching. The best burglar-proof safes are made of alternate layers of hard and soft metal, which are welded to- gether. This combination will not yield to either drill or sledge-ham- mer. In a certain village it is said that the church offertory is collected in a bag at the end of a pole, with a bell attached for the purpose pf arousing sleepers. SltOAit DUTY AND ' ExciaB.-The conclusions Arrived et by Queenslander is that tho £11 per ton dnty on nager will not advantage the producer, when the Increased onet of prrduolion through tho abolition of black labor la taken into account. Thia conviction lg oon firmed from a report that go-degree Java sugar ie £!) por ton and this with proposed duty and chnrges ls a prloo tho Queens- lander cannot competo nguinst under tho altered conditions of tho Industry. Tho feeling ia growlDg tno that tho r-xoiso, by increasing the cost of sugar, will nffcot jam making nnd other Industries in nhioh sugar is utilised. These it Is maintained will henceforth cost so high n figure as to preciado them being placed profitably on the world's mar- kets in competition with tho manufacture ot other countries where sugar is raised at a much, cheaper rate. The immigration authorities report that tho kanakas in tho M»okny district numbered on January 1st last, 1770 ! in the districts north or Mnokay, ÍIG94 ; and in the districts south ot Maokny, 3853. SInoc January let the number has inoresBed by GOO, 