SOCIALITIES. BRISBANE NOTES. By VULTURE. QUESTIONS IN PARLIAMENT. The number of questions put by members to Ministers in Parliament is becoming formidable. If the subjects on which in formation is asked for were matters of public importance, there could be no objec tion, but many are trivial and some plainly inspired by political malice. On the other hand, Ministers are not above availing themselves of any little excuse to give an unsatisfactory answer, by keeping to the strict letter of the question instead of its spirit. Thus when a member asked the Minister for Railways whether Mr. Bell (member for Dalby) had not obtained the use of a tricycle on July 15, contrary to the railway regulation^ to travel by rail from Macalister, en route to Brisbane, he was answered in the negative. But an amended question substituting Dalby for Macalister as the point of departure bad to be answered in the affirmative. The most vindictive inquiry of the session was directed at the Government whip, and it practically accused him of charging the Treasury with travelling expenses for two visits to his electorate when he had been there only once. The Government whip is not popular with the Opposition, so an other member wished to know why he could not be compelled to give up the bed room be occupies in the House. The in quiry as to whether Lord Lamington's wines, which were recently sold by auction, had paid customB duty, looked like the out come of a desire to mannfacture political capital. The affirmative answer must have been very disappointing to the questioner. ELECTORAL REFORM. There has been a decided hesitancy on the part of the Government in bringing forward a measure dealing with Parlia mentary elections. It was included in several of their past programmes, but only once assumed concrete shape, and even then it did not get beyond a first reading. It needs but little insight to see that tlie fear before the Government has been that by abolishing the plural vote, and* widen ing the electoral qualification, they would be giviqg jgpna* to a class it them.; find I eagerly f ii"lfTiiii*7li lw i Par face, drew a sharp fiWiiJ "J w)n» least ;two i lawful wedlock, is to have two votes. This is a somewhat novel principle as Jar as Australian legislation is concerned, and will meet with the strongest opposition from the labour side. That party derives much of its support from the youthful manhood of the state. Another import ant provision is that which forbids plump ing, and compels an elector to vote for the required number of candidates. A third clause that will rouse antagonism abolishes the present electoral roll, so that all electors will have to register their claims afresh. FEDERAL BY-ELBCTION. There are but two candidates in the field for the Darling Downs federal election. Mr. Groom, son of the late member,, has the endorsement of the iSarton Govern ment, and also of the local labour party, although he does not identify himself with the labour platform. Qis opponent is Mr. Bell, who has represented Dalby in the state Parliament for many years, but now finds that seat somewhat insecure. Both candidates are barristers, but neither of them is gifted with the aggressive j ability that makes for advancement in political life. Mr. Bell has the advantage of a long political experience, and also the advantage of not being tied to the Barton Government. The Darling. Downs consti tuency contains many German and Danish farmers, to whom Mr, Bell points out that under the Immigration Restriction Act their countrymen can be excluded from Australia. This point is replied to with the assertion, that there is no intention to exclude such desirable colonists, bat Mr. Bell can quote the protest of the Queens land Government against the measure as evidence of what they fear urill be the re sult. In this protest Mr. Pbilp argues that if the test proposed by the Barton Ministry had been in force in Queensland] many of the best settleis in the state would never have landed here. EARLY CLOSING. The agitalidb regarding the Factories aud Shops Act still continues. A monster petition against the early-dosing clauses was presented to Parliament, and this Was followed by a petition in favour of them. The complaints are directed chiefly* against the Saturday half-holiday. Most of the large firms assert that they find the .in novation baa produced little br no altera tion in the volume of business. But the smaller men are emphatic in stating that Friday night's business bears no compari son with what they were accnstomad to do on Saturday. A deputation of members waited upon the Premier with a view to obtaining 'an amendment of the act by altering the half-holiday to some other 'day of the week, or, at least, giyipg electors the opportunity of deciding on the most suitable day. In all centiip# whet* ±he act is m force, with bhe exc^ptidn df Bris bane, this power rests with the electors, and in the majority of instances it has been used to alter the day from SiturdaF. The question has become so prominent that the Premier Jiob promise^ to sion. A coincident taess peo&als; 