GERMAN IMMIGRANTS AND THE WRITING TEST. It will be remembered that when Mr. Bell spoke ill Toowoomba, he referred to tho 'Immigration Restriction Bill' which had been introduced into the Federal Parliament by Mr. Barton, and charac terised it, in no unmeasured terms, as dishonouring to a very large section ot tho moat useful population that Queens land has had to develop its agricultural resources. 8ur contemporary laughed at the construction put upon the obnoxious measure by Mr. Boll. It is not, however, 'a very trivial matter to many of our best colonists, nor is it a measure for un soemly mirth. Mr. Bell's contention was that if tho measure camo to bo law, a very largo number of Germans, Scandi navians, and men of other intelligent EuroTJean nations would bo refused ad mittance to any Australian State because of their inability to write in the English language fifty words dictated by an Eng lish official. There are a great many fairly-well cultured, highly intelligent Australians who, lon landing nt a port of Sweden, would not bo able to pass the test of writing three words in tho Swedish language, but, if refused an entry to the country on that ground, they would feel that they were needlessly exposed to insult. Is that not how any intelligent German, or native of any highly civilised country, would feel on coming to Queens land, if lie wero refused a landing on account of his want of knowledge of the pleasant for Mr. Barton's nominee that the. Federal Primo Minister should have shown such a prejudice to enlightened people labouring under a temporary dis ability. In this respect lie has exhibited an utter want of ability as a leader. Could Mr. Barton himself pass a test in the Danish or Swedish language ? With out having any definite knowledge of Mr. Barton's scholastio attainments, we be lieve we should ho well within tho mark in saying that the Federal Premier would make an utter failure in any attempt to pass tho writing test. How would he feel if, in consequence of his want of know ledge, he wero classed as an undesirable immigrant by an intelligent Government of an intelligsnt and an enlightened country of Europe ? Yet Mr. Barton has no compunction in classing Germans, Danes, or Swedes as undesirable immi grants. A perusal of the columns of the ? (Jueenslanaer Herald, a uerman paper published in Brisbane, will serve to con vince the greatest sceptic that Mr. Bell was right in tl;e ground he took up, and that our contemporary was. 'sadly mis taken' in tl.eir reading of the bill. It is quite obvious that the thought of such a proposal would be obnoxious to our German residents, who would not rest contented until they had a verification of the matter. The proprietors of tho 'Queenslander Herald,' in the interests of their fellow countrymen, mado an in vestigation of the facts, and from Mr. Barton's secretary received a confirmation of the fact that people of the German race were included among those to whom a writing test would bo applied. Tho let ter received by tho proprietors of the. t^uecnsiunaer Jieraia reads as ' 101 lows: — 'Commonwealth of Australia, ' Prime Minister, 13th, Aug., 1901. ' Messrs. Monzel, Lischke, and Co., Brisbane 'Dear Sis, — I am requested by Mr. Burton to inform you tliat ho has re ceived, tiirough Mr. Drake, a letter for warded by jou to Mr. W. H. Groom, inquiring as to the provisions of the Immigration Restriction Bill now before Parliament: / 'In reply, Mr. Barton asks. me to say that the bill does contain tho provision referred to, and that the provision has been framed with all due care. 'Yours faithfully, ' J. K. BAVIN.' Mr. Bell is certainly deserving of the thanks of tho German, Danish and Swedish residents of Queensland for 30 prominently brinking tho matter before tho public. Queensland, owes a freat deal of her agricul tural prosperity to the excellent work done by Gorman and Danish colonists, and for Mr. Barton to .exclude them through his Immigration Restriction Bill would be dealing a serious blow to our agricultural industry, and a most un deserved insult to a class of people who have proved to bo the friends of the State. No one realises more the value of our German Bottlers in developing our agricultural resources than does the Premier of this State, and the vigorous protest which Mr. Philp hns sent to Mr. Barton will doubtless iind due approcia tion at tho hands of those in whose in terests it was written. In discussing the pusition with tho Federal Prime Minister Mr. Philp snys:— 'I desire to point out, however Unit Ihis negative advantage is likely to be inmu than counter-balanced by the loss to Australia, and to this Stale in piti-ticiilnr, arising from the exclusion, through inability to fulfil tho conditions of the tust, of a large class of most desir able imiiMjfiants, for whose introduction tlii; Guverniiu'iit of Queensland have lung |)iirsuod 11 policy of systematic L'lK'ouragiMiRMit— 11 policy which also it would lie their duty actively to continue so long 11H the settlonicut of their vast iinocLMipk'd ti'irilories by 11 Kiiropcnn population ri'inuius the principal problem in the dovolc.niiKMit of the Stato. Had such ;i test been in application hero at un curlier period, a liirge number of those who have C'oiiliiliiitod must to the in (hiKtiiiil |j|'ogri'nn of Qiii'oii.ilniul would have be'.-n excluded from admission to her territory. I refer especially to our Gorman and Scandinavian scttlers^wnoso -^ifes!? utility as colonists has beeij^sucli as to T&lp; render it very desirable'' that tho intro- f£?3 duction of immigrants from Germany and - : ij' Scandinavia and other European countries -,;; should not only be not checked but should '.I1:; in every way be encouraged.' We think ;'.,|' our German colonists will think kindly of ' :' the Premier for the way in-which ho has stood up for theiiT interests against tho . . most iniquitous proposals that are made ?'.]. in Mr. Barton's bill. Does not this action of his show that it is necessary that wo ;j should have a Darl'lng Downs repre- '- .H'.'titative strong enough to stand up and fight Mr. Barton in the interests of soim- f' portitnt a section of our population? statement that there was nothing in tho note of alarm raised by Mr. Bell? Is ? tho ' Quennslandor Herald ' alarmed over nothing? Has the Promicr of Queensland taken definite action for nothing? Are wo to believe that tho letter written by .'.'? the secretary to Mr. Barton is a myth,, a ? | creation of someone's fancy? A direct in- - 'l suit has been offered to our German and ~fi Scandinavian residents and it is a good t '& thing that wo have public men quick to ';'?() 3co the danger, and courageous enough to v ;J rise in protest against an iniquitous ;' 'j[i wrong that would if permitted to be car- ''??'» ried out, blast the fair name of tho Aus- ''i tralian Commonwealth. ? . i; 