CREAM OF THE CABLE. The first of the races for the America Cup was sailed on Thursday, and excited an enormous amount of interest, but the race was declared off, as owing to the light wlbd neither boat completed the course within the time limit, but the Col- . umbia was leading at the finish by three quarters of a mile. CzoigosE. the murderer of President M'Kiniey. has been sentenced to death by electrocution, tbo execution being fixed for the 28ih October. A virulent outbreak of smallpox has oc curred in London, 160 cases having already been reported. The proposed new German tariff Is excit ing considerable interest, and the Board of Trade has notified that It will affect £25.000.000 out of a total of £28.900,000 worth of direct British exports to CJA many. M. Loubet, the French President, is to Tibit Russia in April aext. In the inter- University athletic sports at ■New York, Tale and Harrard (America) beat Oxford and Cambridge (England) by: six events to three. Heavy rains have fallen throughout nearly the whole of India, and the prospects there are now reassuring. The Immigration Department in Natal has refused to admit 200 Indian traders, whs will now proceed to Cape Colony. The fire on the steamer Papanui, which put Into Vigo, In Portugal, on the voyjoge from New Zealand to London, has been extinguished, but ail the cargo in No. 3 hold is badly d&maged.; The frozen sheep, which formed part of the cargo, are now being discharged. The election of a member of the House of (Commons for the north- east ' division of Lanarkshire resulted in the return of the Unionist candidate. Sir W. H. Rattigan. Sir Horace Tozer has invited Anglo- Queenslanders to subscribe towards the proposed statue of Queen Victoria in Bris bane. Queensland and Tasmanian Government stocks have been gazetted, in London as trustee investment stocks. Maclaren's English cricket team left Loo don lor Australia. It la Reported that Commander Fears, of a .(M.S. Perseni?, took measures to prevent the landing of a force of Turkish troops at Koweyt, on the north-western coast of the Persian Gulf, and the Turkish vessel returned to Fao to await further orders from Constantinople. The German troops who are re.urning from China, and landed at the Austrian port of Trieste, -were entertained by the Austrian Emperor at Vienna.- China La. considering an offer from Ru?sla to purchase the Chinese Pelyaag squadron for 5.000,000 roubles, this sum to be de ducted from -the indemnity payable by China to 'Russia. Alderman Sir Joseph C. Dim&dale; has been elected Lord (Mayor of London for tfc« ensuing year, and will assume office on the 9th November next. Dalgety and Co., Limited, Have engaged Sir Ed war J H. Wittenoom. late Agent-Gen eral for Western Australia, to manage thelf West Australian buslneas, and he will sail for Australia on Thursday next. In a speech delivered at Lady bank, in F-lfeshlre. Scotland, on Saturday, the Right Hon. <H. H. Asquith, M.P., the Imperial LiHeraHst leader, declared that the Irish party and the Liberal party were both free and independent, and the letter ought not" in any case to assume the responsibility of government without having an independent Liberal majority In the House of Commons. Mr. A. C. Maclaren, captain and organiser of the team of English cricketers which has ; Just left for Australia, has resigned his ! connection with the Lancashire County > team, the unsatisfactory state of his wife's health compelling him to live in the South. , iHe intends to play for Hampshire next j year. . , King Edward and Queen Alexandra are now visiting Balmoral. The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York, who are making an extended tour In Western Canada, have visited Rcglna and Calgary. At Calgary 2000 Red Indians held a " pow- | wow" In their war paint before the Royal visitors. The Socialist Congress at Lubeck has passed a resolution strenuously denouncing, the proposed German Customs tariff. Plague has made its appearance at Rio de Janeiro, In Brazil. There are now four British warships in the Persian Gulf, where trouble has oc curred owing to the attempted landing of Turkish troops at Koweyt, and two more, cruisers are proceeding there. Seventeen HusEiian delegates are visiting England at the expense of their Govern ment with the object of arxanging for the direct importation of Russian agricultural ' produce. While a company of- American infantry in the island of Samar were at breakfast, they were attacked by a superior force of Fili pino insurgents, and forty-eight were killed and eleven wounded, the Filipinos also cap turing the stores and ammunition. The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York, after visiting Revelstoke, in the Rocky Mountains, have arrived at Van couver, the capital of British Columbia. \- One man wag kllled'and five injured by a toiler explosion on a French torpedo boat. At a bull fight at Bayonne, in the south of France, an automobile painted red was used instead of horses, but the bulls re fused to face the motor. Two night prowlers stabbed the sentinel who was on guard at the late President H'Kinley's tomb, and escaped in the dark ness. President Roosevelt persists in moving about without the attendance of detectives. The " Bombay Gazette" states- that Great Britain is About to proclaim a protectorate over Koweyt, on the Persian Gulf. There is considerable outcry in England •gainst General <Buller being appointed to the command of the First Army Corps at Aldershot. The British revenue for the March quar ter amounted to £26,696,347. The Earl of Scarborough has induced the Ortmsby fishermen who were oa strike to resume work pending the -arbitration of the 'Board of Trade. The Perth Blectrlo Tramways Company are issuing 6 per cent first mortgage de bentures to tb.e amount of £160,000. "It is report**, that Austria and Hungary will decline to renew the commercial" treaties with Germany if the new German tariff is carried, and the Press declare that the Triple Alliance is imperilled. A Danish gunboat sank In The Sound while experimenting with high explosives, tut the crew were saved. The Triad rebels in China have burned the Basel mission station at Plauyong, but the missionaries escaped. The first priie in Chappel's musical com petition, which was open to all British composers, has been awarded, to Mr. George Clutsom, of (Melbourne, for full orchestra tion for a harlequinade suite. News has been received of a serious at a Vancouver Island colliery. A fire broke out in the mine, and caused 4fteen men to be imprisoned. , Owing to four explosions of gas subsequently, all tope of rescuing the tfinera has been] abandoned. The offer made byifhumber of Boers In Ceylon to serve in the British army has been accepted, and 170 arc now drilling, preparatory to serving with the troops in India. A party of Bulgarians captured Miss Stone, a well-known American missionary, in Macedonia. The United States Consul Is arranging for her release by the payment' of a sum of £27,000. Owing to a prolonged drought in York shire and Lancashire, thousands of work men have been thrown out of employment. i?xasperated by the action of a section of the' millowners in damming the streams, they have demolished weirs and dams, and endeavoured to obstruct the millworkers. An armed force belonging to Sheik Mara boukh of Koweyt, on the Persian Gulf, has come Into collision with the Nejd tribesmen in Arabia. The British Govern ment are understood to be sending a num ber of big guns to Koweyt for the use of Maraboukh. 