GENERAL CABLE AWS. London, Seriteraber 27. Heavy rains Uiave fallen during the past three days over almost the whole of India, dispelling 'cue fears which were entertained of a recurrence of the famine. The prospects of tlie nest harvest are de scribed as reassuring. An important decision has been given by 'tiie Immigration Department tin Natal »au« me- -ia:t:uM immigration act passed in thai colony a few years ago. Two hua dred Indian traders, wlio failed to comply with iltie educational test, were refused ad mission. They (have -since proceeded to the Cape. Tihe 'New Zealand Shipping Company's ? Reamer Papamai, wliich put in at Vigo, on the coasfc cf Spain, era account of a fire in ?her Sictd, has discharged tier cargo of frozen meac. xna are lias been extinguished. Al] the cargo in No. 3 hold was very badJy damaged. The Papanui left Port Chalmers for London on July 19. The barque Anna Sofia, which left Ade laide for Philadelphia on June 22, has ar rived at Aneune in a ?femaelted condition. The Anna .Sofia is a barque of 476 bon$, and is commanded by Osptaun S. Peh-eon. September 28. Messrs. Dalgety & Co. We engia^ed Sir Edward Wittenoom, Me Agent-General for West Australia, to manage their West Aus tralian business. He will sail for Perth on Thursday. September 29. An outbreak of bubonic plague is reported to have occurred at Bio de Janeiro, the capi tal of Brazil. Seytemiber 30. Seventeen Russian experts, the whole of whose expenses aire being paid by the ltus isiaii Government, are now visiting England. Their object 'is to inspect the arrangements for the importation into England of agri cultural produce. They hope to be able to filhip Russian products divedb to Great Bri tain, and so supplant the Danish and Ger man middlemen, in whose hands most of uhe trade ie at present. Mr. George' Clu'tsasn, the well-known New Zealand comjioser, Jias won £5ie first prize in M«=rs. Chappeil & Co.'s musical competition, which was open to all British composers. ' The competition for whic'h t'he ..... prize was offered was a harlequinade suite fully orchestrated. 