A WHITE AUSTRALIA. If the cablegrams are to be relied upon, the Imperial Government has induced the Canadian Executive to re fuse to sanction an Act of the Provin cial Lsgislature of British Columbia, which hnd for it3 object the restriction of Chinese and Japanese immigration to that country. In view of the fact that an Immisrratioa Restriction Bill, is aow being debated by the Federal Parliament, this news is very important to Australians, for it means that we shall have to make out a strong case before thn Imperial Government will consenc to any act jjuhscu wii.ii » view of restricting the influx of the subjects of other nations to this continent. It will be admitted that the question is an important one to deal with, but it is well chat it should be dealt with with all reasonable expedition. The Federal Government is to bs commended upon bringing in a bill promptly, but Uiey cannot becotnmerided upon the measure itself. The bill now being debated provides that any immigrant may lie exciuueci wiiu.caiinuu wiiib uuu 111 uie English language, a sentence or para graph of fifty words. This is popularly alluded to as the educational test, and has apparently been resorted to with a view of meeting probable imperial ob jections to the absolute prohibition of inferior races. But the so-called edu cational test is in reality a farce, be ciuse it would not keep out many un desirables whom we wish to keep out,' and because it would exclude many who are not undesirable, but who would make good Australian ? ,. T?„- motonno ,'f mi'tthf. nnrl probably would, exclude French, Ger man, and Danish immigrants, and it would be no safeguard against the im migration of negroes and Asiatics. What the people of Australia want is the exclusion of the Asiatic and African races, and the simpler plan, and the plan that is most likely to succeed, is to say so in the Act, instead of endeavour ing by a subterfuge to bring about that result. At the census of 1890 there wero about 90,000 Chinese, Japanese and other Asiatics in Australia, and it is believed that that number has now increased to 100,000. Ib is said,- and not denied, that in Northern Queens land the inroads which the alien popu lation is making in all trades is alarm ing, and that one has only to visit the public schools to see the contamination and deterioration of the race which i-i going on there through the interming ling of the Asiatic and European popu lation. It is idle and foolish to attempt to shirk the question by a half and half sort of measure. The most opportune time for dealing with the difficulty is at the outset of the Commonwealth's his tory. The Kanaka traffic is but a small matter compared with the Asiatic pro blem. There is, within a fortnight's sail of Australia, a powerful nation of well-educated people, with the enter prise of pioneers, and if Australia is to be preserved as a white man's country, the immigration of the people from that nation must be restricted. It can best be done now, before vested in terests are eroated. But it cannot bo r-fTnnf.i,ii.lltf rlnnn bv the Act now before the Federal Parliament. Tho Fedoral Government admit that much, and say that the present bill is not tho final act but tho (irst, stepping stono to perfect immigration legislation. 'What is known as the Natal Act, the principle of which was an educational test, pre scribed a test in ' any European lan guage.' A test in tho English lan guage is a very different thing, and would, if persisted in, probably excludo Germans, Scandinavians and other Europeans who make excellent Austra lian citizens. The. Government, how-1 ever, seeks to get over the difficulty thus created, by. administration, and j suspending the operation of that clauso in the case of desirable European immi grants. The avowed reason for this | I round-about method of attaining the I end in view is to avoid woundinc the usceptibilities of Japan. It is appa ently presumed that Japan will take | 10 umbrage if the Act prescribes an educational test in English, and she is pub on the same level as the European nations. This presumption may be cor-, recb, bub is it not plain that Japan is more likely to take umbrage at a par tial administration of the Act, than she is at any Act which may be passed. Jit Japan finds, as she will find if the in tentions of the Federal Executive are carried out, that tho Australian Govern ment administers its Immigration Act in one way towards Europeans, and another way towards Japanese, she is not loss likely to resent that atbibude towards her than she would a straight out Asiatic-excluding measure. If that he so it will be found that the Act as prepared will not attain its object in any sense. Then if ' wounding the susceptibilities of other nations' is a thing to be avoided, how can the edu cational test in the English language instead of in a European language, fail to ' wound ' the other European nations 1 Are we to suppose that they will accept our assurance that the test as prescribed by the Act, will nob be applied to them 1 It seems to us that the better and more straight forward way would be to say in the Act, what is really meant, namely that the immi gration of Africans and Asiatics is to be restricted. An amendment to that effect has been proposed, and wo hope it will be carried. If it is carried, and the Imperial Government refuse to concur in it, we will even then be in no worse position than we are now. | We believe the Imperial Government will concur if it is satisfied that Aus tralia is practically unanimous on the point. Tho matter is too important to be left to the discretion of the adminis trative officers, and we hope the Federal Legislature will look at it in that light. Amongst the petitions recently filed in Bankruptcy is one by Sandeman, wine and spirit merchant, of Pitt Street, Sydney for ; he sequestration of the estate of Donald R. McLeod, of Narandera. The hearing of the petition is fixed for the 23rd September. Mr. W. P. Blaok.more, Solicitor, who has been practising for the past thirteen yxars at Nowra, in the South Coast district, has commenced the practice of his profession \t Riverine Chambers, Laotua.n-btreet, nay. i Mr. Blackmore was articled to she late Mr. Thomas Robertson, and held the position of principal conveyancing clerk in his olfice in Sydney. During his residenco at Nowra he had the reputation of beinp a sound lawyer and a man of strict integrity. He was a most successful advocate in the land and other courts. Mr. Blackmore was Mayor of Nowra, ind president of several of tlio local institutions of that town, and upon his leav ing there he was presented by the towns people with valuable souvenirs, as a mark of their appreciation of the high regard in which he was held by them. . A MAN named Bernard Napoleon Olsen was brought before the P.M. yesterday as deemed to be of unsound mind, and remanded for eight days for medical treatment. At tho mouthly siles of stock, to be held in the Hay agents' sale yards on Thursday next, 26th September, Mr Clias. Hidgcoclt will offer at public auction, 1300 shorn host ?jfts, of mixed sexes, on account of Mr T. F. Patterson, of Ulougu. The shoep aro well '^rown, and in good condition, and will ho sold in lots to suit purchasers. Further par ticulars are advertised. The Hay Court of Assize will be held on Tuesday next, before Mr Justice Owen. The criminal cases for trial from the Hay district are -.—Peter Andrew, alleged stealing in a dwelling au irruuugm , HI... uv.us.. alleged stealim? at a dwelling at Wyvern. Thero is also a criminal case from tho Bal ratialil distric'. So .far.as are known there aro no civil causes for trial. The Girls' Friendly 3ocicty will hold a sale of work and entertainment in the afternoons and evenings of Wednesduy and Thursday, October 9«h and 10th. The windstorm of Wednesday afternoon, which brought dust aud six points of rain to Hay, was moro serious in some other River ine districts. At Carrathool, and Denili quin, the wind was boisterous enough to do damage to property, and tne teiegrapnic lines near Deniliquin wero interrupted for some hours in consequence. The rainfalls were not worth recording. On Wednesday, at the weekly band con cert, the Dead March was played in token of respect for the lato President of America. Shearing is progressing slowly through out the district. Ulonga and Ti Tree have cut out ; Pevensey and Eli Elvvah may do so to-morrow. Tho showers of Wednesday afternoon caused an all- round delay. Some good records havo been made in the way of weighty fleeces, and the wool generally i.v siid' to be in very good condition. Wo are informed that at (Jorrong the wotner noggets averaged 8Jlbs. of wool, which is exceed ingly satisfactory. Piano Tuition. — Terms, otc., ED. M. MINOGUE, Cadell-st., Hay.' It is reported, but not ofEoially as yet, that next month the train' will arrive at Hay half an hour earlier than at present. The now time-table, will, it is said, provide for tho mail arriving at Juneo nalf-an- hour earlier than now, for tho trains on the South. Western line crossing at Darlington, instead of Whitton, and the consequent arrival at Hay at 4.45 p.m. instead of 5.15. According to tho estimato of the lambing in tho Hay sheep district, as prepared by the Inspector of Stock, tliore were in tho district on 1st August, 1,200,000 grown shoep and 525,000 lambs, a total of 1,725,000. Of tho n ohoim- Mr. Tti-niiphton cstimatod that 750,000 wero owes, so that tho ' drop,' 523,000, represented aa average of 70 per cent. The subject for the next debato of tho Hay Literary and Debating Society, which is to take placo on Monday, 30th September, is— ' That tho Commonwealth Ministry, not having brought forward the tariff at an earlier date, has lost the oonfidenco of this society.' After sl trial extending over ten years, the verdict given by tho i/en tlemen of Hay and district is that the Garments mado by THACICER Fit well, Look well; and, Wear well. Samples of tho now Spring Materials sent to any address on application. TiiAOKer, Tailor, Hay.* ' Onb defendant (says the VVagga flxpre* s)- who had to swell the roveniie by the con tribiition of tt small amount for fast riding over a street crossing at tho instance of Inspector of Nuisances Cannon at tho Wagfja Police Court on Monday, travo vent to his' feelings by attempting to pay tho fine in coppors. The P.M. twigged the idea, and after a few coppers had rattled heavily on tlin deposition clerk's desk hn pronounced his objection at the Court being submiltod . to Mich an indignity. ' Contempt of court' and ' Thero is a propor way to protest' wore a fow of the phrases heard duriug tho yoc*l magisterial caBtigation. Tho incident was happily ended by the defendant hand ing over a pound note. Tiik Juneo show took place on Wednesday. The sheep sections were judged by Mr N. Mills, of Unrdry, and tho judging, says the Wagga Advertiser, was generally considered to be of a specially painstaking and conscien tious character. For Meals and between Meals There is no more refreshing, and invigorating beverage than Giulbufy'd Goooa, which is tar superior to tea or coffee for nourishing and strength-imparting qualities. Two men had a desperate race for life with the Melbourne express ou the bridge over the Mnrrumburrah Creek, near Mur rumburruh, on Wednesday morning, with the result that one of them was overtaken and killed. It appears that a farmer named Charles Dawes, living at Dal ton, and his nephew had missed the train at Young, and were svalking to biaruen to eaten tiio up ex* press. When half way across the bridge near the Murrumburrah railway station they noticod the down express coming, and endeavoured to make for a small ** escape Oil the bridge. Tho nephew succeeded in iust getting into safety, and deceased was within a few feet of tho placo when the train struck him and knocked him over into the creek below. 