SUMMARY OF NEWS. In the legislativo Council yesterday, | Assent to the Appropriation and Stock Inscription Act Amendment Bills was re- ceived. The Mining Act Amendment Bill and Agricultural Lands Purchase Bill passed their third readings. On the motion for-the second reading of the Aborigines Protection Bill, an amend- ment that it be referred to a Select Com- mittee was moved by Mr. Webber. The amendment was lost on the voices, and the second reading agreed to, the com- mittal being fixed for to-day. Mr. Murray moved the second reading of the Special Sales of Land Bill, and after discussion the debate was adjourned until to-day. The 'House rose at 5 p.m.* In the -Legislative Assembly yesterday, Messages wero received from the Leglsla ' tive Council returning the Mining Bill and the Agricultural Lands ipurchase Bill, with amendments. Consideration of the mes- sages was ordered for to-day. The Estimates of the Home Secretary's Department were considered, and the votes, " Department, £3990," and " Principal Electoral Registrar, £1125," were passed. The House adjourned at 11.IG p.m. 1 According to Mr. Wragge's forecast, gonerally Une and pleasant weather is an- ticipated in Southern Queensland, with un- important coastal showers. Further west- erly winds are probable around Brisbane. The quantity of sugar ex-ported from Queensland between 1st June and 15th Sep I tember was 29,320 tons, as against 22,739 I tons for the corresponding period of last i year. The tender .of D. M'Donald for additions to the railway engine shed at Roma has been accepted. Further experiments with the Stiger Vor- tex gun were made hy Mr. Wragge In the Botanic Gardens yesterday. The libel action brought by Bean and Co., against the proprietors of the " Evening Observer" on account of certain statements mado regarding disinfectants, has been dis- continued. The New South Wales Government have cancelled the proclamation under which working horses and other stock were per- mitted to cross from Queensland Into New South Wales at certain points, and have withdrawn certain other concessions. The three men charged with breaking and entering the Prince of Wales Hotel, Nun- dah, were yesterday committed for trial. Important changes in the tick quarantine regulations within the State are pending. It is anticipated that Queensland Govern- ment Railway returns for September will exhibit an increase of about £7000. The work on the Nerang-Tweed railway has been opened up, and is proceeding satisfactorily as far as the tunnel, eleven miles from Nerang. The officers of the department of the Chief Engineer for Railways will be trans- ferred into their new quarters at the Cen- tral Railway Station on Friday and Satur- day next. Mr. H. Blaney, superintendent of Too- woomba Prison, has forwarded his resigna- tion to the Home Department. % Mr. P. Minehan is now .inspecting the railway line from Maryborough to Glad- stone. 'A mob of fat bullocks from Riversleigh station, near the South Australian border, recently put through the Alligator Creek "Meat Works, gave an average weight of 7581b., the hea-vlest beast weighing 1156tb. The Mulgrave Central Mill last week crushed, 229S tops of cane, -and manufac- tured 2501 bag3 of sugar. , William Tomllnson, who was found guilty in connection with the sticking up of the 'White Cllfls mail coach, has been sen- tenced to ten years' penal servitude. The Victorian revenue for the September quarter shows an increase of £186,842 compvred with last year. .News has reached, 'Melbourne that the Fifth Victorian Contingent to South Africa displayed a lack of discipline which led to three of its members being sentenced to be shot, but Lord Kitchener commuted the sen- tences to various terms of Imprisonment. In the House of Representatives yester- day, the Immigration Restriction Bill waa passed through Committee, after a long discussion on the educational test. t The second reading of the Property Ac- quisition Bill was moved by Sir William Lyne, and the äebate was adjourned. Mr. Barton aunouneed__.hat he ¡hoped to move the second reading of the Kanaka Bill (tne full text of which appears elsewhere) to-day. At the London wool sales prices for 1 merinos are irregular, and slightly tn buy- ers' favour. , The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York, after visiting Revelstoke, in' the Rocky Mountains, have arrived at Van- couver, the capital of British Columbia. One man was killed and five injured by a boiler explosion on a French torpedo boat. At a bull light at (Bayonne, in the south of 'France, an automobile painted red was used instead of horses, but the bulls re- fused to face the motor. Two night prowlers stabbed the sentinel who was on guard at the late ^President M'Klnley's tomb, and escaped in the dark- ness. President ¡Roosevelt persists in moving about without the attendance of detectives. The " Bombay Gazette" states that Great Britain Is about to proclaim a protectorate over Koweyt, on the Perálan Gulf. The betting on Monday was even on the two yachts for the second America Cup race ; but was afterwards 6 to 5 against the Shamrock. There is considérable outcry in England against General 'Buller being appointed to the command of the First Army Corps at Aldershot. The British revenue for the March quar- ter amounted to £28,830,347. The Earl of Scarborough has induced the Grimsby fishermen who were on strike to resume work pending the arbitration of the Board of Trade. The Perth Electric Tramways Company are issuing 5 per cent first mortgage ' de- bentures to the amount of £150,000. It is reported that Austria and Hungary will decline to renew the commercial treaties with Germany if the new German tariff Is carried, and the Press declare that the Triple Alliance is imperilled. A Danish gunboat sank in The Sound while experimenting with high explosives, but the crew were saved. The Triad rebels in China have burned the (Basel mission station at Piauyong, but the missionaries escaped. Two hundred Boers on patrol in Ceylon have offered to serve in the British army outside South Africa. A rebel named Wolfaardt, who was tried at Graaf Relnet, in Cape Colony, blamed the 'Hon. Dr. Te Water and Oliver Schreiner, the authoress, for inciting to re- bellion. The Britishi casualties in the Boer at- tack on !Fort Italia were "an officer and eleven men killed, five -officers and thirty eight men wounded, and sixty- three men missing. The 'Boers are stated to have lost 200 killed and over 300 wounded or captured. General Botha, who was in command of the attfreking force, has moved to the east of Vryheid. Tjaardt Kruger (youngest son of the èx ¡President) who recently surrendered to the British authorities in the; Transvaal, has died after a short Illness. The War Office has denied that there is any friction With Lord Kitchener. Good finds of copper are reported, but the publican who stocks Sportsman Whisky has liquid gold in his bar." Pike Brothers' Latest Tie Novelties. ?New De-Joinville Washing Windsor Cra- vats in exceedingly pretty stripes, par- ticularly suitable to .wear with p'n. See v windows.* 