The Sydney Morning Herald. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1901. Miss Hobhouse's reports on the concentration camps in South Africa are being distributed gratis at Berlin bookstalls, and pro-Boer literature is being offered as Christmas prizes by German news- papers. Boer leaders in Europe have instructed pro-Boer committees on the Continent to agitate for the re- moval of Lord Milner from his office. Four hundred Boers who were trying to cross the railway at Platrand were repulsed by an armoured train. Increasing numbers of Boers of the better class are anxious to fight for the British, declaring that the irreconcilables are ignorant marauders. Miss Hobhouse has commenced an action against Lord Kitchener, Lord Milner, and the British mili- tary authorities for alleged false imprisonment and assault. Nine of Commandant Reeder's forces have been captured south of Hepener. Commandos in the veldt near Ermelo have been constantly trying to break to the south. Thirty Boers, including probably the itinerant government, escaped on Thursday last, the block- houses, a mile apart, being powerless to wholly stop the movements of the enemy. It is urged that the blockhouses should be only 600 yards apart, and that they should be connected with wire entanglements. North of the Delagoa Bay railway line, where the country is exceptionally fertile and supplies are plentiful, the Boers are reaping the crops and hiding them. No British troops are in the neighbourhood. Commandant Kemp has 1000 men in the Rusten- burg-Zeerust district, and Commandant de Wet has an equal number south of Heilbron. The Boer invaders of Cape Colony are in three divisions—the main division being in the north-east of Calvinia, and the others in Clanwilliam, and to the north of Ceres. The London " Times " says that greater exertions are required if Great Britain is to finish the war in a year. It advises an appeal to the City of London to send more Imperial volunteers, and recommends the acceptance of all colonial offers of help. The House of Representatives further considered the tariff in committee yesterday. Plain white and unbleached cotton and linen piece goods were placed on the free list, the 15 per cent. duty being abolished. Saddlers' and upholsterers' web and some other articles were also placed on the free list. The duty on ammunition and shot was reduced from 7s 6d to 5s per cwt., and on rifles and shotguns from 15 to 10 per cent. Despite strenuous opposition on the part of the Government, the duty on plain and corrugated gal- vanised iron was abolished. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, Premier of Canada, has cabled to Mr. Barton inviting the Governments of the Commonwealth and New Zealand to meet representa- tives of the Canadian Government in London at a convenient date for the discussion of various colonial questions. It is understood that the House of Representatives will adjourn on the 18th instant for the Christmas holidays. The speech of the Prince of Wales at the Guildhall banquet has met with an enthusiastic response throughout the Empire. The Agents-General are hopeful that good will result from the advice that Great Britain must wake up if she intends to hold her pre-eminence in the colonial trade against foreigners. Sir Horace Tozer says immigration is an Imperial question, and the Imperial Government ought to share the cost of encouraging emigration. The column commanded by Major-General Den- ing in its operations against the Mahsuds had 10 men killed and 50 others wounded, but it inflicted heavy loss on the Mahsuds. An individual whose name is unknown has stabbed recently 80 men and women at Kiel, Germany. Dr. Ledingham has married Mrs. M. Mason, of the Darling Downs, Queensland. A reception was afterwards held at the residence of the Queensland Agent- General. The chief Austrian and Hungarian nobles, states- men, and clergy are uniting in a protest against the practice of duelling. The corps known as the King's Colonials in Lon- don is being subdivided into squadrons representing the British possessions in Asia, America, Africa, and Australasia. A bill has been introduced into the United States House of Representatives by Mr. Hepburn appro- priating 180,000,000 dollars for the construction of the Nicaraguan canal. A French force traversed German territory, ar- rived at Goudje, in the British Nigerian hinterland, deposed the Emir, and appointed a substitute. The German newspapers resent President Roose- velt's Monroeism. A landslip has precipitated a locomotive, and part of a Canadian Pacific goods train a distance of 360ft. into the Fraser River, killing several. Reuter reports that Mr. Gardner has introduced a bill into the United States House of Representatives for the purchase of the Danish West Indies for £800,000. Sir Wilfrid Laurier has intimated to Mr. Barton that Canada is desirous of closer trade with the Commonwealth. There is heavy speculation in copper shares in New York. The French Senate has adopted the Franco- Chinese Loan Bill. The loan will be issued on the 21st. At Bendigo (Vic.), at half-past 12 on Monday morning, Mr. Andrew Thomas Jones was aroused by a knocking at his front door, and on opening it he was shot twice in the breast by an unknown man. Mr. Jones subsequently died in the hospital. He stated prior to his death that he had not the slightest idea as to the identity of his assailant. Mr. Hallinan's pigeon was first home in the 126 miles race from Gunning to Sydney on Saturday, having travelled at the rate of 1038 yards per minute. David Brown was hanged at Brisbane Gaol yester- day morning for the murder of Mr. Haygarth at Charters Towers. The condemned man made a rambling statement, saying that on the day of the murder he had been drinking heavily and was prac- tically uncontrollable. Sir Herbert Chermside has been appointed Governor of Queensland, in succession to Lord Lamington. Colonel Finn will leave Brisbane before the end of the month for Sydney to formally take over the work of Commandant of the New South Wales forces. The Coroner's jury found yesterday that the death of Michael Joseph McCarthy, who was killed on the Milson's Point railway on Saturday, was accidental. The annual distribution of prizes at St. Ignatius' College, Riverview, yesterday was performed by Cardinal Moran. At a meeting of the City Council yesterday the Mayoral allowance for the year was fixed at £1000. Mr. Leslie Jolly has been elected chairman of the Launceston Stock Exchange. Sir George S. Clarke will be sworn in as Governor of Victoria to-day. The premises at the corner of George and Bathurst streets, to be used for a dental school in connection with the Sydney University, were officially opened yesterday by Mrs. John See. Yesterday Alderman Thomas Hughes was elected Mayor of Sydney, having received 12 votes as against 10 recorded for Sir James Graham. News from Fiji states that six natives have been deported. The reason for the deportation is not stated. The New Zealand Government denies that it has any intention of imposing an export duty on timber. An agreement has been made by which the busi- ness and assets of the United Australian Fire In- surance Company, Limited, are to be taken over by the Colonial Mutual Fire Insurance Company, Limited. Archdeacon Henry Langley has been nominated for the Bishopric of Bendigo, and Archdeacon Arm- strong as Bishop of Wangaratta. A representative meeting, at which the Lieutenant- Governor presided, was held yesterday at the Town Hall, when an association was formed to assist dis- charged prisoners. Addresses were delivered by the Primate and Archbishop Kelly, as well as by Mr. Wise and others. Yesterday the residence of Mr. H. G. McKinney at Chatswood was entered by thieves, who secured jewellery valued at £200. The Premier and a Parliamentary party visited Woolwich Dock yesterday and made an inspection of the works. The English cricketers arrived in Sydney from Newcastle last night. They will at once go into hard practice for the first test match. At a meeting of fruitgrowers held at Dural on Saturday a committee was appointed to prepare a draft constitution for a co-operative society. The Full Court in Melbourne delivered its reserved judgment yesterday in the action Minister for Cus- toms v. Captain Gadd, Master of the P. and O. steamer Oceana, for alleged breach of the Customs Act. A verdict was given against the company, but the penalties were reduced to £5 and £2 10s. The final returns for the Coolgardie election are :— Mr. Morgans (the Premier), 821 votes ; Mr. Eddy, 558. A lock-out of miners occurred at the Golden Horseshoe mine, Kalgoorlie, on Saturday, owing to the men having objections to the new arrangements made regarding the changing room. The scoring in the cricket match which terminated at Newcastle yesterday was as follows :—England, 315 and 216 ; Newcastle, 241 and no wickets for 73. The match was drawn. Business on the Stock Exchange yesterday, both in regard to mining companies and general investment securities, was very small in volume, and there was slight fluctuations in prices. An advance, however, took place in Western Australian companies. In the Import market trade was exceptionally quiet, prices being nominally unchanged throughout. The leading lines of chemicals, which were dutiable to the extent of 20 per cent. ad valorem last week, were passed as free at the Custom-house yesterday. 