THE MERCURY HOBART: WED., OCTOBER 2, 1901 EPITOME OF NEWS. Sandy Bay swimming club annual meet- ing on Triday. tl.A.O.a Druids' meeting at Belltrivs inshtute ou Frfdnj. Soiree musicale at the Masonic hall this afternoon. State School Female Teachers' Associa- tion lecturo at Central School on Friday. North v. South eight - Qaied race on the Derwent an October 26. The Hon. C. H. Grant was buried at Cornelian Bay jesterdaj. There was a large -and representative funeral. Concert in the Town-hall last evening, in aid of St. David's Cathedial fund, verv successful. Tailor's shop and contents, Queens- town, property of James Chapman, de- stroyed by fire on Tuesday. Insured for .£225. Huon, s.S., makes afternoon trip to Brown's River to-day. Beautiful Star, s.S., goefl to Brown's River on a trip this afternoon. Mr. Kruger's J oungest son dead. Danish gunboat sunk. Crew saved. Duke and Duchess of York at Van- couver. The boilei of a French toi pedo boat burst at Algiers, with disastrous result. Mr. G. Clutsain, a Victorian, winner of an English musical competition. Perth Electric Tramways Company issuing ¿6150,000 in debentures. Grimsbj fishermen resumed work, pend- ing arbitration. Intel national opposition to German} 's tai iff proposals increasing. Boers suffered heavy losses in attacking Fort ítala. The revenue for Viotona, as compared with that of corresponding quarter of last yeur, shows an increase ot .£186,842. Sentinel guarding President McKinley's tomb stabbed bj two prowling men dur- ing the night. Dutch rebel on his tiial blamed Olive Schreiner and Te Water for fostering re- bellion. Two hundred Boer prisoners have vol- unteered to seive in the British Army outside South Africa. THE general tone of the debates in tho Houso of Representatives has long ceased to awaken even respect in tho minds of the thinking portion of the public, for the trail of the so-called democratic ser- pent is over them all. We-say so-called demooratic, for real democracy has no- thing to do with the miserable crawling i to ignorance and folly for the sake of votes, and the pandering of ability to incapacity and greed. We congratulat- ed Mr. Barton on the strength of mind which he showed in resisting the Lab- our combination on the amendment in the Immigration Bill, but a further study of the proceedings has led us to a far less complimentary conclusion. It seems that the Ministry was pledged long ago to the Imperial Government not to en- deavour to exolude what are called un- desirable immigrants by a direct law, as it was likely to lead to serious com- plications, and would be in direct con- travention of certain principles of the Empire. Thus, Mr. Barton found him I self unable to follow his usual tactics | of crawling at the feet of the Labour party, and for a time gained credit for firmness and independence. The credit no longer remains, for it is now known that he only stood out'because he could nob do anything else. To our mind, whatever view of the matter others may take, we are very pleased indeed to find that Mr. Chamberlain has put his foot down in this particular in-, stance, and has not borne out the state- ment made some time ago by Mr. Bar- ton, that he would not do anything that the Commonwealth did not like. The debate opens np that early in our federal history Ute great question a» to the line» on which the Federation ia to be run. No more important question eeuld be raised, and it ia a» well, per- haps, that it ha» been raised at »o early a stage, when, so to »peak, the federa- tion ia in the gristle. Evidently there is, not only on the part of the Ministry, 'but on the part of others from whom better things might have been expected, a decided tendency to pander to the demagogic portion of the community, which is never at rest exoept when it is agitating, and to which there is no sort of finality in législation at all agreeable. It believes that change is progress, and it is so ignorant as to be constantly orying for changes which j long experience has shown to bo im- possible, and endeavouring to do what are right things in the wrong way. In this we are taking.the opposite course to that which was followed by the United State» and Canada. In both these coun- tries Federation was inaugurated by mon of conspicuous ability, some of them ranking amongst the greatest statesmen that the world ha» seen, and their I action» were remarkable for the caution , and moderation whioh they showed. Later, the United States developed in other way», but even now, with all that can be said about the degeneration of political life, the spirit of conservatism is strong, and the example of the fathers of tho Union ia still powerful. In Australasia we, have started off with a disregard of the caution of experienced ' political leaders, and we have a Ministry which, from its very inception, has crawled at the feet of the extreme sec- tion of the members, who are full of projects for asserting alike their ignor- ance and their insolence. Their recen: talk about "cutting the painter," and their disregard of all considerations in order to lock up the whole of the Com- monwealth for their own class, as they foolishly think, are danger signals of which the prudent and the wise should take careful heed. These ignorant and reckless men do nob understand the danger of playing with edged tools, nor do they perceive how sharp are the tools which they are ready to handle in so reckless a manner. It is well that there ia a strong Senate to resist tho evident dangerous tendency of a party in the other House, and the subserviency of a weak and partially incapable Ministry to any majority which makai a stand against it. It is already plain that an attempt will be made to shape the Fed- eration on what are called. Labour lines, which means crude, experimental legislation, and ignorance verging always towards insolence. The point to be determined is not .>o \ muoh ono of faot.as of spirit. In what spirit do we proposo to shape our fede- ral legislation? Are we going to begin by harking back to by-gone'days, when it was tho fashion to regard Great Brit- ain as the oppressor, and as a power which only sought to uso the colonies for its own advantage? Those days, it was thought, had long since passed away, and that a new era had dawned, in which the colonies and the Mother Country were working together to build up a great Empire, in which the truest freedom should prevail, and in whioh the application of the highest intelli genco and the most matured experience i to public affairs should go far to pro- duce the ideal State. Federation, it was said, was a stepping-stone to this great end. It was the consolidation of the parts as a preparation for the con- solidation of the whole. Great Britain has fully recognised this fact, as F-hown in the decided and most remarkable re- action from the old theories about tha colonies and their destiny, and it was believed that we, too, had caught the true spirit, and were in harmony wi^h the noble aspiration-surely the noblest which ever inspired a great and scatter- ed people. But, no sooner does our Federal Parliament meet than the old talk of freedom is heard, as if there was any danger to the very freest action. To the demagogue, who calls himself a democrat without so. much as a rudi- mentary knowledge of democracy, free- dom means the right to be nasty. He who is making trouble and resisting au obvious duty, fancies that he is showing his independence, whereas he only dis- plays the cantankerous suprit which no- thing contents and no knowledge con- trols. Applying these considerations to tlio Immigration Bill, wo see at once that if we wiall to work in the true spirit, we must work in union with the Imperial Government. We cannot bo in the Em piro and out of it at the same time. Tf we wish to remain in and help in the de Tolopmonb of the great Union which is full of such mighty promise for the future, we must remember our duties *g well as our rights. Wo are not free to do as we please in regard to mattus which touch the Imperial Government... We are not aware th'at anyone ever eaid that we should be when the Constitu- tion was framed, so that the noodle who called out "traitor" was really a traitor to the Constitution. The prevention of the influx of coloured races is only on» of many things with which the Common- wealth will have to deal, in regard to which our interest may seem to be antagonistic to that of the Imperial Go- vernment, and which will hove to be ar- ranged in view of the general good. Now, the Imperial Government does not ask us to throw our country open to all the coloured races of the world, it only asks that we shall deal with them in a way which will nob raise serious inter- national questions. Nothing moro is necessary. The course proposed will ac- complish all that we desire, but certain turbulent spirits are not satisfied, and they desire to fly in the face of the Imperial Government, and openly defy it. The absurdity of the action is pal- pable, because if Japan sent a couple of cruisers here we should be helpless with out the aid of Great Britain, and yet it is proposed to rush into all sorts nf dangers, and there are those who are ready to defy the French as well as the Mother-Country. The sober, responsible members of the community will do well to consider these matters, and remem- ber that they must make themselves heard and felt, if they do not wish the government of the Federation to fall into the wrong hands. IN connection with the proposal to which we referred the other day for a system of forestry in Tasmania, it may be noted that a very lively discussion is now going on in London on the subject of wood-pavement. It seems that the Westminster Council and som» others are considering the relaying of several of the streets with wood, and that the discussion turns on what is the best kind of wood to use. Hitherto, jarrah, karri, and creosoted Swedish yellow deal have found favour in municipal eyes, but a Yankee has appeared on the scene with proposals for the use of Am- erican red-gum, and he has, by his ener-*". succeeded in getting some ord- ers. This has led to a discussion as to the value of the wood as compared with colonial woods, which has not, so far, re- sulted in any decision. It is said that the Westminster Council had almost de- cided to divido an order for £70,000 worth of wood between American red- gum and creosoted Swedish yellow pine, ont the representatives of Western Aus- tralia have taken the field, and are able to «how thai jarrak and karri have done excellent service. The "Horning Post," \- in which paper . great deal of the cor- respondence appeared, does not seem to be elear as to which wood comes ont best from the argument, bnt it has some- thing to say on behalf of the colonies. It urges that "the colonies have behaved magnificently during the war, and they hare made clear to 'all the world the essential unity of tU> British Empire. If they can provide ¿that is wanted, they must be given tfie order." This is all very nice ; but the argument, such as it is. will hardly make much impression on the municipal mind- What seems to be required is, some 'clear demonstra- tion that the colonies can not only pro- vide what is wanted, bnt something bet- ter than can be got from any other part of the world. This is where the colonies fail. It will be noted, perhaps, that Tasmania is not mentioned at all in the discussion, though she has sent to Eng- land some splendid timber for the har- bour works st Dover, and should be able to supply paving blocks in abundance and of superior quality. She failed be- cause some blocks sent home were bad, cut badly, and at tho wrong time, and i tho problem is, to devise some means by ; which our large timber resources can be l improved, and their product placed on ' the market in proper condition. i TnB Australian Freetrade and Liberal I Association, which has its head- quarters in Melbourne, has just published a great quantity of useful information on the subjects of Freetrade and Protection. It has given to the world a mass of com- parative figures, besides going back to the history of the establishment of Free trade in Great Britain, about which so ! much absolute nonsense is spoken and I written. This book, for it is a book of ! some bulk, is intended to supply facts ! and figures for the grand debate which ! is expected to begin shortly on the I Federal Tariff, and it must be admitted I that the Association has done a piece of i very valuable work. One of the points « liifh the book brings out very 6trongly, is the way in which the protectionist j advocates contradict themselves and each other, so that it is fair co conclude that a caso cannot bo true which refutes i itself. Wo must not, however, rely too !' much on {he proof of these contradic- tions. A man of science, a man who really accumulates evidence in regard to a particular case, cannot, of course, hold contradictory opinions, but this docs not I apply to the publio generally, as it can hold at once three or four contradictory I opinions and not be iu the least conscious of the fact, or at all shaken in its belief if the faot is pointed out. Take, for ex- ample, the beliefs about protection and prices, which are about as contradictory as anything well can be, and yet they survive and flourish. Protection, we are told, lowers prices and raises wages, and also, over and over again, that the absence of protection enables Great Britain to undersell the colonies. And hero we como upon another curious fal- lacy. If protection lowers prices, as so often averred, the worst thing that could happen to these colonies would be the adoption of protection by Groat Britain, as she would then be able to send out her goods at a much cheaper rat« than under freetrade. We could go on and S've almost endless instances of this fal oy, but it will suffice to say that the members of the Federal Ministry have declared many times than they must pnt on duties to sustain "the substan- tial" industries already established. Are we lo conclude that they propose to put on duties to lower prices P If not, what becomes of these repeated assertions that it is a law that protection lowers prices, and so enables tim worker, the manufacturer, and the consumer all to benefit by itP By making prices lower everybody gets more, and nobody pays the difference. , THE ENGLISH MAILS, - English mails which left Tasmania on tho 27ih August arrived in London on the 29th ultimo, per R.M.S. Victoria. They were due on the 30th September. IMPERIAL INSTITUTE. - The Premier (Hon. N. E. Lewis, C.M.G.) has receiv- ed a despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, directing atten- tion to the work that is Deing dono by tho scientific and technical departments of the Imperial Institute. This depart- ment has been established lo acquire in- formation by special inquiries and by experimental research ¡respecting natural or manufactured products of the vari- ous colonies of the British Empire and foreign countries. The work, in fact, is carried on with a view to the creation of new openings in trade, and for the Sromotion of industrial ' development, everal of the colonies have already taken advantage* of the assistance of- fered by this branch of the Institute, and have obtained reports upon their natural and manufactured products, and, in some instances, this has been the means of opening up trade. THE LATE PRESIDENT. - The Consul for the United States desires to thank those who have so kindly expressed to him thoir sorrow at the death of Presi- dent McKinley, and sympathy with the American nation for their loss. THE JURY LIST.-A Court of Special I Sessions was held at the Hobart Police Court on Tuesday forenoon for the pur- pose of correcting and allowing the jury i list for 1902. Mr. Bernard Shaw was I voted to the chair, and tho following justices of tho peace were present: - Mossrs. T. Stephens. J. W. Evans, G.. Richardson, R. R. Rex, G. W. Lloyd, J. W. Johnson, S. Benjamin, G. Kerr, H. T. Gould, C. J. Jorden, H. Chester- man, R. J. Cuthbert, R. Mather, R. Henry, and Mr. W. O. Wise (Clerk of the Peace), and Mr. A. Johnston (Clerk of Petty Sessions) were also in attendance. Several apologies were received for ab- sence, including one from His Worship the Mayor. Superintendent Pedder produced the jury lists for the districts of Hobart, New Town, and Queenbor- ough. These, after some few excisions and additions, were then allowed. ~CITY POLICE COÜBT.-On Tuesday, bo foro the Police Magistrate (Mr. B. Shaw) and Alderman G. Kerr, J.P., Wil- liam Charlesworth, printer, was charged with having, at Strahan, on July 7,1900, made a false entry of £1 2s. (id. in tho books of his then master, Win. Crooke. Mr. Herbert Nicholls was for the prose- cution, and Mr. A. E. Richardson for ac- cused. Ab tho request of Mr. Nicholls, a remand was granted till Thursday. Bail was allowed - acused in his own recognisance of £50, and îTvo sureties of £25 each, or one of £30. Tasman Carter, a caller, was fined 5s. and costs 7s. Gd. or seven days for driving without lights. A young girl named Kate Conrad was similarly dealt with for disturbing tho peace in Macquarie-street on the 19th ult., by quarrelling. A woman named Elizabeth Taylor was also fined 5s. and costs 7s. 6d., with the option of seven days, for using prohibited language in Murray-street on the 18th ult. An order was made against A. P. Wilson for the payment of 3s. ljd. codlin moth rate, together with costs. He disputed the right of the collector to add a fourth of the tax of 2s. Od. due, because of its non- payment within the prescribed period, as he had called several times at the of- fice to pay the amount, and there was no one to receive it, hence the proceed >nR8 AUSTRALIAN NATIVES' ASSOCIATION. - The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Australian Natives' Association was held last evening at the Rialto, " Liverpool and Elizabeth streets, when ^here was a fair at i tendance of members and the public, ;n f eluding several ladies. Mr. W. H. Hudspeth, the President, occupied the chair. Mr. J. B. P. Hurburgh was elected a member of the association. It was agreed that "tho debate on the sub- ject of old-age pensions should oe con- tinued at the next meeting. A paper on "The History of the Garden" was read by Mr. John Osborne, jun. The paper treated of the most famous gar- dens and gardeners in ancient times among the Persians, Greeks, and Rom ans,and the plants and vegetables known in remote ages. Modern gardens of Euro- pean countries, the writer said, were modelled on the plan of the old Roman garden, and later on the monks preserv- ed the knowledge and practice of horti- culture, and handed it down to modern times. There had never been a time when gardening was so generally pur- sued by amateurs as at the present an". Mr. G. W. Lloyd moved, and Mr. A. T. Davis seconded, a vote of thanks, to Mr. Osborne, which was carried by acclama- tion. FIRE AT QUEENSTOWN. - Superintend- ent Hedbcrg telegraphed to the Com- missioner of Police on Tuesday lnst that a tailor's shop, with its contents, situ- ated in Sticht-street, Queenstown, the property of James Chapman, was de- stroyed by fire at 2.30 a.m. No one slept on the premises, and the origin of the fire was unknown. The place was insured in the Manchester Insurance Company for £225. TECHNICAL Scacon. - The usual monthly meeting of the Hobart Techni- cal School Committee wa» held on Mon- day evening last, Mr. Robert Henry presiding. Messrs Alan Walker and R. Pemberton were also present. The chairman intimated that arrangements had been completed for the holding of examinations of the plumbing class stu- dents, under the auspices of the Techni- cal College, Sydney. The certificates carried by these examinations are re- cognised all over the Commonwealth, and will place the Hobart plumbers on the same footing as their fellow-work- men-in Sydney and elsewhere. It was decided to provide a sewing machine for the use of the sewing class. Replying to a question by Mr. Pemberton, the chairman stated that there was a library connocted with the school, from whici the students had the privilege of bor- rowing any of the works they wished to read, under certain regulations. Mr. W. Middleton'» resignation as instructor of the machine and building construction class, was accepted, and Mr. A. E. Middleton was appointed in his stead. PALACI SKATING RINK. - The fancy dress and poster carnival will be held on October 7. HOBART MARINE BOABD. - Tho ordi- nary fortnightly meeting of the Hobart Marine Board, called for Tuesday after- noon, was adjourned after the minutes had been read, till Thursday, to allow of wardens attending the funeral of the late Hon. C. H. Grant. Y.W.C.A.-The fortnightly meeting of the T.W.C.A. Literary Club was held last night, when the members present made impromptu speeches. Among the topics were : How to get hold of ? th-s girls in thiB city : " "Give your idea of an ideal woman ; ' 'Is failure or success the more educational ?" Those who took part were: Mrs. Warren, Mrs. Morton, Misses Smallhorn, Baudinet, Bonniwell. Andrews, Cane. The next meeting will be on Tuesday-October 15, and the sub- ject will be : "Has Art a moral influence on the character ?" ST. JOHN'S LITERARY ASSOCIATION. - The usual meeting of this society was held last evening, Mr. George Smith presiding over a good attendance of members. The programme for the evening was "A Mock Parliamentary Election." Four candidates faced the electors, Messrs. W. R. Rockwell, J. R. Johnston, S. Parker, and J. Adcock. The electors were favoured with some really good addresses, at the close of which many questions were put, and satisfac- torily answered by the various candi- dates. A ballot resulted in Mr. Jas. Adcock being returned. LOYAL ORANGE LODGE. - The Glory of Exeter, No. 4, of New Town, held their ordinary meeting at the Congre- gational schoolroom, after which there assembled a large number of sisters and brothers and their friends, to hear the Rov. MacCallum give an ad- dress on William HI., Prince of Or- ange. Bro. Ruddoch, the W.M. of tho lodge, took the chair. A hearty vote of thanks wag accorded the lecturer. THE TIVOLI COMPANY. - The company continuo to draw crowded houres night- ly. This week freEh items are intro- duced into tho programme. Dante and shadowgraphy prove highly amusing, and a novelty. The new addition, Challes Waite, in his descriptivo song- mid pathetic ballads, has established himself a favourite, and all the other members of the company are as warmly received as ever in their new numbers. BROWN'S RIVER. - Weather permit- ting the s.s. Huon makes the first excur- sion this season to Brown's River tlus afternoon, loaving Brooke-street pier at 2.30, returning home in good time. Be- ing a very great favourite pleasure re- sort, many, no doubt, will avail them- selves of this opportunity of a brief chango from the city. The steamer lanus passengers right on the jetty. DEATH OF AN OLD HUTCHINS SCHOOL BOY.- The "Brisbane Courier" records the death of William Hammersley Spode, who died at his home, Bayswater, near Brisbane, on the 14th September, from a second attack of apoplectic par- alysis. Mr. Spode was the second old- est son of the late Josiah Spode, former- ly of Stoke House, New Town, and Shooter's Hill, New Norfolk. HOSPITAL ITEMS. - At an early hour on Tuesday morning, a seaman on the barque Wild Wave, named Wm. Peter- son, was taken to the hospital suffering from scalp wounds. Tho man was said to have fallen between the barque Kassa and the New Wharf. The House Sur- geon is of opinion that the wounds were caused by some sharp instrument. Ju the afternoon a sailor youth on the barque Irene, named Weilthcr Gclpke, whilst at work at the ship's side, broke his leg. He was admitted to the hos- pital. RIFLB SHOOTING. - Both the Hobart Garrison and the Sandy Bay Rifle Clubs 8T6 re-firing, on Saturday next, the matches which were abandoned on the 21st ultimo, on account of the he.-uy downpour of rain which set in and con- tinued throughout the afternoon. The former club is re-firing the iinai of its "B" series of competitions, and the "'ot- ter its third teams match. VARIETY SALE, ST. GEORGE'S.-Mrs. Neil Lewis had kindly promised to open this sale on October 4, but as she will be unavoidably absent, Mrs. Bird has consented to take her place. The pro- ceeds of this sale are for the return journey of some of our Tasmanian mis- sionaries to China. The Victorian and Tasmanian branch of the English Church Missionary Society has in the la=t eigut years "sent over 20 mi-sionories to India, China, Africa, and South America, be- sides taking over the work amongst the Chinese and aborigines in Victoria from the Board of Missions, encumbered by a large debt. Three Tasmanian ladies, Miss Nisbet, Miss Stevens, and Miss Searle aro working in connection with this society, and also Miss Kingsmill, bon. missionary. It is hoped that Tas maniahs will patronise tlus sale, thus helping their country« omen in the good work they have undertaken. Wo also call attention to Miss Searle's valedic- tory meeting on Thursday evening, Oc- tober 3. TASMANIAN POULTRY SOCIETY. - The honorary show will bo held on October 16 and 17. Entries close on Friday next. CUMBERLAND ELECTORATE. - Hon. Nicholas J. Brown will be glad to meet electors at Bowden's assembly-room, Bothwell, on Saturday evening. FINGAL. - A meeting of the Lord Car- lington Lodge of Freemasons was held in the lodge-roouijthc Council-chambers, on Saturday evening. Among the num- erous attendance of the brotheihood present was Mr. J. G. Davies, C.M.U , M.H.A. for this district, whose friends here wcro pleased to find bim somewhat recovered from the effects of his recent indisposition. HAMILTON. - An adjourned public meeting was held at the Glen Clydo Hotel on Saturday evening, 28th ult., for taking immediate steps to form a committee, and elect officers for the pur- pose of holding the usual sports on Now Year's Day. It was a most enthusiastic meeting, and the following committee was elected : -Messrs. John Blackwell, A. Webberley, T. Harvey, A. Sommers, J. A. Triffitt, T. Webberley, sen., W. Baily. T. Harvey was elected as chair- man, W. Brown as hon. secretary and treasurer. The Sports Committee held a meeting, and transacted a largo amount of business. A carefully-select- ed list of items for a programme was drawn up. All things being equal we shall have a good day's 6port for the pub- lic. Those who take an interest in the welfare of the district look upon New Year's Day as the day to provide inno- cent amusement for the young and aged. The next committee meeting will take., place at the old Hamilton Inn on the 12th October, at 8 o'clock. A LEGISLATIVE ANACHRONISM.-"Ithu riel," writing in the "Argus," says: - "Mr. Bruce Smith is an anachronism. To hear a public man in these days ut- tering unpopular opinions merely be- cause he thinks they are sound, and without applying the political stetho- scope to the great heart of the people to find how it beat«, is to feel that we are not at the beginning of the cen- tury at all. He actually regards Pal liamenfe as a place ( "Where, girt with friends or fo°s. A man may speak the thing he will." Of course, this is not politics, and as a general thing such a course of conduct could not be too strongly deprecated. But as a curiosity and a dreadful ex- ample to all young and aspiring politici- ans, ho may have his uses. But any political tyro will smile at him and say . 'You'll never get on that way, old man. Why, you never used the nord "democ- racy" during your whole speech, and you did not even say you were "advanc- ed." It won't do, you know. Take mj tip for it, it won't do.' " A SIIMULATI>U UUP. A OTTWU <spoonful>of CADBOBY'S Coco*, with boiling water or milk w11 m kulintmiUy ahtimul*Hi>£ and auBtain ioK cup of the »mwt d 'ltc'nun i>»d digestible absolutely pure and nourishing cocoa. 