AN AUSTRALIAN IN LONDON. -'U-" (From Our Own Correspondent.) LOX'DON, August 2.1. AN EXHIBTION WITH A SUK.PLUÜ. Scottish foresight and management have liad already a triumphant cuceuas at Glas- gow. The total admissions to the Interna- tional Exhibition hinco the opening (5,4T(i, 377) have beaten the record total of tho exhibition of 18S8, and there aro still two and a-Iialf months to run. Ttio averasc attendance per day so far has been 51,000. It is estimated that Uio exhibition will clcse with a surplus of '£100,000. Now that the -holiday exodus from London arid" other great English cities is in progrea^ the In iiow of people to Glasgow should be well maintained. The visitors' at present there include a very largo number of American.-!, who, after seeing various Continental re- sorts, are makins a tour through the United Kingdom, prior to .starting home. . -ward. I notice that locally the Queensland court continues to be well advertised. A weekly issue of the " Glasgow Herald" just to hand contains some excellent pictures of it, and also of scenes in Queensland, sup- plemented hy half-a-dozen columns of de- scriptive letterpress. COMMIEUCtAL EDUCATION. As a medium for the expression of opinion, which It has no menns of enforc- ing, and which are generally ignored by the Government, the London Chamber of Com- merce play.-s a mostly useless it not -un dlgnWled role, but as a promoter of com .mercial education It is doing excellent work. At the last examination held under its auspices nearly 2000 r.andldute.3 present- ed themselves, and the number of students is constantly hitreuulng. Encouraged by these results, the chamber Is now making important additions to the system of In- struction pursued. Amone new features will be lectures on what is called the " ma- chinery ol' (business" and the operations of particular branches of commerce, which, so far, have not heen taught to this country as they have been in the United States and on the Continent. Special encouragement is also to be given to the teaching of foreign languages, and In this some co% operation is volunteered by the Spanish Chamber of Commerce in London. A fund has- been opened to meet the cost of the extra educational work, and a nuirfber of liberal contributions towards it have al- ready foeen received. Would it not bo pos- sible in some degree (for the Australian Chambers of 'Commerce to Initiate or pro- mote similar education ? SOCIAL INFLUENCE OF ALIENS. There have been several letters In the Press within the last week or two favour- ing stronger measures for keeping allens out J? British countries. One correspon- dent (Mr. J. !R. Chitty) predicts dire mis- fortune to Queensland unless It puts a stop to the breedlug of half-castes among its population. .He has nothing to suy against ?the Chinese, as he has seen them In their own country and in different Australian towns; but he lins a very decided opinion about the Eurasians. The admixture of races "produces, generally speaking, a v generation of vicious, not to say, criminal tendencies," and he quotes a statement re- cently made in the iFedorable Parliament as to the "Indescribable" social conditions at the Queensland native settlements. lu British Columbia, according to a long letter In the " Times" (intendod evidently for Government Instruction), the Oriental has come to be viewed almost -with homi- cidal Intentions .by the whites who are suf- fering lu pocket and socially from his con- tinued and increasing Invasion. There nro now about 25,000 Chinese, Japanese, and other aliens lu the province, and it is esti- mated' that they are sendiug between 5,000,000 and 6,01)0,000 dollars out of the country every year. The Chinese pay a poll-tax (most of which Is appropriated by the'Dominion Government-another griev- ance), but the Japs are allowed In free, for "Imperial reasons.',' It Is hinted that, ir no relief be forthcoming, " Imperial rea- sons" will soon fall to restrain the white population ol' British Columbia from show- ing their resentment lu a very decided fashion. /AMERICA'S GAIN FROM 'ENGLAND. The effect of the stagnation, of .English ..a.«agriculture, and 'the unchecked .^incursion of swarms of pauper' 'foreigners-Pole's.' .Russians, .Jews-¡who .work at sweating' rates in London and other great cities, con- tinues to be strikingly reflected In the emi- gration returns. In the first five months of this year, ending 31st May, 39,823 of our people left us and went to the United States, while lrom all other nations In the same period America received only 34,285. Of tho first total 19,095 were 'English, 17,150 Irish, and 2978 Scotch. And it should bo . borne in mind that America takes only ot our best,- under >Ita drastic immigration îa-ws. A New York journal estimates that each able-'bodled 'British emigrant Is worth about £2000 to the United States. This represents the surplus wealth lie creates in an average life over what he receives in .-wages. It couts Britain abont £200 to rear, educate, and make him self-supporting, and in most cases he goon to America, skilled in some trndo or business, and thus ready to contribute to the national .wealth. THE NEW AHI.MY SWORD. ».,A? ^result of experience in South Atrlca. which has changed so many things military, the regulation army sword is now to be substituted by a straight rapier-Iiko weapon, whose purpose will be to thrust rather than cut. Tho hilt will be broader than that of tho old sword, to give freedom iu the thrust, and the tapering of the point twill reduce the weight by about one pound. 'A GERMAN COLONIAL ARMY. " «oraany is again considering the que> .¡tiou of eslablishlug a military force for colonial service, and is likely this time to give- the ¡den practical effect. The diffi- culty in the way hitherto has chiefly been the adverso fooling of a majority in -he {Reichstag, but this is being overcome. Tho berlin corrcFpondent of the " Standard'' a good authority always in these matters sa?« there will bo some ¡show of reluctance to voN the necessary fuuds, but the op- position ¡«Mil only be of thç usual kind where qtieaf¿?«W of departmental expendi- ture are concfc.ti>îd. The Reichstag never votes largo suuK of jnouey cheerfully in any eireuaistanco-*a decided contrast to our "House ot Commons,, which, within three Jiours one evening before the close of the session, passed votes appropriating over £67,000,000. The proposed German force is to consist mainly ol volunteers, AVho, at the expiration of their terms of service, Avili be encouraged to settle in the colonies to which they are drafted. One ct the chief authorities consulted on the matter is Count von Waldertee, Avho is supposed to. ihave gathered some useful knowledge as an observer of volunteer corps lately eni iplojed iu China. RUSSIAN DAIRYMEN'S COMPETITION. A delegation of Russian lauded pro- prietors and traders is abolit to visit Lon land for the purpose of opening up direct business on ¡i largo seale with importers and dealers in dairy produce. (Hitherto pnost df the Russian (butter and other pro- duce received on the English market has iiome through German and Danish middle- men. , ,," THE AVAR LAGAINST AMERICA. Among European countries with (great trade interests lo protect, England seems to be the least active in Its preparations to check the aggressive commercial energy ,of the Americans. Their most determined opponent is Austria, which continues steadi- ly to promoto the idea of a great Conti ¡nental combination against them. Both the Austrian agricultural and manufacturing interests are now asreed as to the mea- sures to "lie adopted, of which the most im- portant aro thp promotion of reciprocity treaties and the general aibandonmont of the most favoured nation clause. A few daj'3 ago, at a meeting of tho Government .department intrusted with the preparation at new commercial treaties, thcimost in-* iluontial representatives of the agricul- tural interest declared that they regarded the now German tariff as " the (first step towards the union of the central European j producers, and the realisation of a conven- tion for their mutual protection against I t'he competition of transoceanic coun- , futys, and more particularly of the United i, iState/s, on the basis of tbJe general adop . fc>ipn .oí high duties." Austria ia already proposing increases In Its agricultural ducie"* J° harmony with those set'out in Mte^Tew" <«fi£5?an torift. . . , , 