SUMMARY. Lord Kttolioncr lias returned to Pretoria. He states that on February 18 Do Wet was appa rently making for Prleskn. Tbo Boor leader De Wet threatens to shoot all tho Dutch residents o£ Cape Colony who re- fuso to light. Tho Boers derailed a train between Johannes burg and Vereenlglng, but were repulsed beloro they wcro ahio to plunder. Mr. Schalk Burger is still In the northern dis tricts ot the Transvaal, endeavoring to Induce a general surrender. An extensive expedition Is being organised at Pretoria to expel tho Boers lrom Pietersburg and the Northern Transvaal. All tho stores at Koomatlpaort and Barberton havo been closed, as they wero supplying the fighting Boers with provisions. The Rev. W. Deans has been appointed Presby terian chaplain to tho contingent about to pro ceed to South Africa. The Secretary "ot State for War has promised drastic reform of the Army Medical Service. Colonel Otter, In charge of the 5th Victorian. Contingent, has wired that eight stowaways have been put ashore at Albany. The transport Templomoro arrived yesterday from the Cape, and proceeds to Brisbane for tho Queensland Contingent. The "United States Government Is said to object to tho activity shown by Fleld-Marslial von Wal- dcrsoe In China. It Is understood at Shanghai that the Inter national expedition of 15,000 men Is Intended to escort the Chinese Emperor to Pcklri. The Chinese envoys announce that the Imperial Court has agreed to Inflict the punishments de manded by the foreign Ministers. The King and Queen-Consort, will lunch on hoard the Ophlr on March 10, the vessel starting in the evening for Australia. Tho Ophlr, which will spond two days at Gibral tar, Malta, and Singapore, one at Aden, and four at Colombo, is 'due at Melbourne on May 0. The Duke and Duchess of York will visit Dur ban, Capetown, and Canada on their homeward journey, being timed to reach Portsmouth in November. Thirty members of tho Chatham Marine Band aro to accompany the Duke and Duchess ot Cornwall and York to Australia. Beyond som'e form of entertainment on the opening of Parliament, the Federal Government will take no part in the reception of the Royal visitors. Victoria's programmo for the reception of tho Royal visitors was submitted to I-Ils Excellency the Governor-General yesterday. Captain Wallington left for Melbourne last evening to represent Lord Hopetoun at the final deliberations of tlic ccrcmopial committee. The Sydney Philatelic Club has decided lo ar range for a philatelic exhibition during the visit ot the Duke. In the Commons on Tuesday, Sir Michael I-Iicks- Beach said that the haste displayed in removing goods , from bonded stores was possibly prema ture. Tho appeal case. Parsons v. the New Zealand Shipping Company, has been dismissed by the Judicial Committee of the House of Lords. The Royal Geographical Society and the Royal Society aro disputing as to the command of the forthcoming Antarctic expedition. Messrs. " Bostock nnd Company, Limited, tho firm responsible "for tho recent arsenical beer- poisoning, has gone Into compulsory liquidation. . /Tho United States' offer of £680,000 for tho Danish West Indian Islands has been refused by tho Danish Government. Tho marriage Is"7 announced of General Pole- Carew to Lady Bcatrico Butler, daughter of Lord Osborne. : - A cable has been received from Mr. Chamber lain, giving tlje views of the Imperial Govern ment on the control of the Pacific Islands. .Owing to tho crush at the Newtown Town-hall last night, Mr. Barton was asked to give his ad- ; dress In the open air. He declined the request. Most' of the Prime Ministers' speech was a re capitulation of loriner statements. ' What the Federal Government intended, said Mr./ Barton last night, was not to destroy any in dustry of value bo tlio nation. ' Regarding kanaka labor, Mr. Barton said that the further introduction of it was to bo stopped, and that now employed gradually got rid of. Tile Prime Minister last nlglit foreshndowed legislation for the purpose of restricting Hindoo immigration. After Mr. Barton's address at Newtown last night It. was decided to form a branch of the Aus tralian Liberal Association. Mr. R.'D. Moaglicr, candidate for the Senate- opened his campaign at the Protestant-hall last night, being well received. Mr. John Norton, at Ashfiold last night, devot ed some attention to Mr. Wise's attitude on the referendum. ' Federal Ministers will go to Melbourne two or three weeks before the opening ot the Federal Parliament, to settle departmental work. Mr. Barton is unable to say at present whether the Federal tariff will bo dealt with during tho first or second session: In tho first session a large number of bills have to be introduced, such as those relating to the Judiciary and Intor-State Commission. Mr. Barton states that a large share of Federal administration will he carried on in Sydney when Parliament is not sitting. Tho writs for tho elections in the State of 'South Australia have been issued, fixing March 30 as "polling day. The freetrade members of the Stato Assembly met the freotrade organisation committee yes terday, and campaign arrangements were mado. Mr. J. P. Gray, speaking nt Broken-hill, said that Mr. Barton -was a tool In the hands of people less honest than himself. The people in the Grafton district are awaiting a definite answer from Mr. See a« to whether ho will stand for Cowper. The presence of mind of . a Victorian engine driver averted a catastrophe on the Ballarat line yostorday. Owing to the indisposition of Miss Ncllio Stewart tho opening performance of "The Scarlet Feather" at the Royal had to be postponed. Somo 6000 bales were catalogued at the Sydney Wool sales yesterday, tho highest prices being S»id for greasy and lGVed for scoured. 'The P. and O. R.M.S. Oceana is due here to morrow from Loudon via ports. Tho P. and O. R.M.S. Arcadia, which silled yesterday, took away ten boxes of sovereigns, valued at £50,000, for Colombo. The Customs revenue received yesterday amounted- to £3424,' of which amount £21S7 eiuno under the head of spirits. The total value of the Stato imports for tho week ended Fobruary 16, amounted to £26.1.001, the exports to £351,665. At tho mooting of tho Chlllngoe R. and M. Company yesterday the chairman was unable to announce anything dolluito regarding the segre gation scheme. After attending an outgoing steamer, the pilot boat at Bailina capsized inside the bar. No lives wero lost, however. The first appeal case under the new Reappraise- ment Act caino before the Land Appeal Court on Tuesday. Decision was reserved. John Ronrdon, a bailiff at Tumut, was found dead in bed yesterday. I-lo had severed an ar tery in his arm. Further evidence was taken yesterday in the case of Wudey v. Mori's Dock Company/ill welch plaintiff claims £48,000. CharleB Bookman has been committed for trial In Queensland, charged with the murder of his mate, Alfred Anderson. Charged with criminal assault, Peter Wright was sentenced to (our years' imprisonment at tho Orange Sessions. A case brought at Queatibeyan against a Chinese doctor, under the Medical Practitioner:: Act, was dismissed yesterduy. Tito Sydney milting market was (airly aetivo yesterday. Silver further declined, hut dredging shares continued to strengthen. Smelting operations have been recommenced at tho Mount Garnet Freehold, and matte of good value is being shipped. In tho ease of George Callender, killed at tho Dudley colliery hy being run over hy cnal-wag- gons, a verdict of accidental death was returned. A man at Newcastle had half of his left car bitten off in an altercation with some seamen on Tuesday. No truce has been round of tlic two men sup posed to havo been drowned hy the capsize of a boat at Newcastle on Tuesday. At Bathurst Inst evening a tramp attomptodc suicide hy shooting himself in the . mouth .wtclt' . . v. ; a revolver. ' " - < «- < .iw ,i t V| J/ "7 