[?] THE AjfRKCpAX AGRICULTURAL ' BSGCBSKnr. Quite a flutter of excitement has been aroused1 amongVeopJte 'who take an interest in agriculture in the Southern Division of tibe state by the proposal made by the Hon. A. J. Thyme, MX.G, that a party of far mers should be eent to America to study. ai»d report od the^Eactice of husbandmen in the United sjjjes. Everyone sees and almost everyone says ' it wiH be a.' fine trip.?' Mr. Thynite seemed to speak coa fidentty on the prospect of the proposal s meeting vim acceptance by U£ Uororn- I ment, and H offers each a. ready method of rewarding useful supporters in coun try districts it Juts moch to commend it The trouble may tie thai too many applicants wBl offer' themselves for ap pointments and make judicious selection a difficulty- Some are reedy to exclaim — why. not send delegates to the different coun tries of 'Ear-ope ? But tbe rural popula tion of this colony is mode up of emi grants from. these oonntnes. Agriculture in none of tiiem has reached the p£tch. of perfection to vijsch it has Attained m the : United States. In the latter the great producing industries have illustrated the ; best results of skill and invention. No- | where has the practice of husbandry been : pursued on more scientific liens, and the advantages ibo be derived therefrom be ocfoe more evident and satisfactory . More over, it is not so long ago since Mr. W. Fnrueane travelled through tbe south of Europe, and had a. good deal to tell about fruit culture, 4©^ there. Trough agri cultural methods in the United Kingdom have undergone great improvements 'within recent times, there is ^ot the scope for variety and, extent presented by America. Farming in tjie fanner place is confined to the temperate region ; in the latter it ' ranges from the tropical areas of Florid* i ai^d 'Louisiana to the high latitudes of Oregon, 'jt'is because of, the climatic con- - dititiona to V observed in the ' United I States that the continent presents so many ' attractive features. Because of these mil arise the duality of' selecting suitable dcHcoslfiB. An inotuiy **oirfl*lpfr*^ *ti one or two sktes-wooW be incomplete. It should be confined t» those lying within the same parallels of latitude aa Queensland, fbj more t^A one occasion we have pointed out that climatic conditions' and natural dromnstances in Kansas present, mans features is. common with those of Queens land. There arable agriculture and stock ? rearing 'are carried on -w&h; inost saecesE iul results. In California, where tie taiii gluwiiUj industry has attained to great dimensions, much could, no dotrbt, be learned of great value relating toithe culti v^ion, care, gathering, curing, packing, at^ marketing 'of orchard products. To make tie proposed commission com pete, representatives of all parts of this state- weald1 Teonire *to faave places upon it. One individual might be found cap; able of discernment aod discrinuBaiion with respect to tne different classes of live stpot. Eorses, cattle, sheep, pigs, and pjnj^ry might each, be the subject of ob ^viifeB- ^os« legate. Witt regard to the C(dtfviatiott of '%M, orchard, and vtj^ibie. garden crops, specialists would be required for ti» temperate and the tru Au^rs&Jl;'eBOirs titii'Trpiild tie most'detir 4ble, beoa&se; the natural conditions in the Southern, Central, and Northern Divi sions differ so CBJwiaeraHy as to call for intimate knowledge of each {or purposes of comparison jrifch those obtaining else where. Only by men familiar -with the conditions of fruitgrowing around Bris bane and Tobwopmba, Eockhampton, and Emerald, llackay, Towasvflle, Cairns, and Cookfcown could useful practical observa tions be made. It is to be feared some difficulty -will be experienced in obtaining the services of such men as 'we have indi cated. They must be practical husband men, -whether tbeir labours call them t» the plougManda, the orchard, or the veget able girdett.; Ibey must luve specuil fenowfepi- W* exneriejss j t^ey must be tjbJs toejOTsetkSB wtte Doited State; and-tiry.nuMt kayc the power of setting forfh.iiejr obBervotianss and conclusions io a cjeac 4»4 fft^^nt iasjubn to that out of them, and for relating these in 1 I^ain language, whicli farmers Jnay under-. ; stand without error or effort, -would ap pear to be essential qualifications for-dele- , ' gates. Some few years ago, the Govern- i ment. of the Bominion of 1^*11^^ invited Scotch farmers tto yisit it, and for the benefit of tidr countrymen report on its agrirailtnial aspects and capabilities- A consideraole sumber ,of them accepted tbe | invitation, went to Caiiada, travelled over : it, sod Wrote reports «a irtst they had ' seen, and made comments which, in the ' circumstances they tfrrngfet to ite callaj for. 3?iese vrere circuki'ted 'in Scotland, and assisted emigrants in selecting locali ties in -which to make their homes. Abil ity to prepare such reports would require to fee an essential qualification of each Queensland delegate. Without it, and the careful exercise of it, the usefulness of the delegate's excursion would be to a great extent confined to himself. That, we dare say, is not designed nor is it desirable. From Mr. Ihynne's iamarks ice gath ered that if such au expedition as he referred to is to be sent to America, the farmers most, importune the Government upon tbe subject. Should they consent to entertain it, much care must be exercised in selecting delegates. In this matter they migbt#licit hints from the societies which send ;delegales to the Agricultural Con ference. There is plenty of time for them to be consulted.. It is now too late in the season for the idea of sending delegates this year l^ng entertained. 3The sxaetiea might be consulted :^J.; As to vbeijier delegates should be sent'; S. WheD they should be sent. ; 3. WW should be sent. On these points their -views would be of service to the Government, and would en hance the value of tie erpedition. Files of the English journals just re ceived contain reports of the dairy cattle competitions at the TVyig Hum- on the 8th of August. The most remarkable fea ture of the show, the, « Agricultural tSa-. jjetta' says, was the general «xce)lence of the dairy €horthom and crossbred cat-! tie. 'This ia. eJjowh ty iie averages of aHy^ii cows tested as foBows : — .'? . 1-v* ' Butter -In ' unk. ' Boon; n&o;: Ko. Brad- wiO. lb, -g- . itTZt Th. S CnMrtarito .. 50 ST IS i- 5 .. n4 JS Jmeii.. ..SB 3S SJ 1 105 .. 2MB 1 OmatMtf ..06 3» « lU} .. 3J-9-I 1 A^ihlrt .. -B Q, K 1 q| .. 36*6 It is. regarded as matter for regret that »itb' the eicept3o« of the Jerseys these wer* uo-jNidigreed cattle. The averages of all the cows which would have obtained sufficient points had they been Jerseys for certificates of merit, 'are given below, fran -which it vriU'toe seen tlat tiurty three out ^ fifty -fiii eowt tested wen er ceptianally. good ammwlft :— . ' n»i» Bsttfr * fa ' JOnd -Sotte; i^ib Ha Bceel. nQk. U- u. Ib* of tb '? t'shraaum .. sj- ma *.» .. ma a cnw&rab; ..a mo ? m .. sits Si Jeaons.:* ..US 33 6J nij .. 1SD i tatr - -m w * ny - M. The first prize in the leavy-magit da?s f ot Wtter -n^LS won *by a- renuu^afbly. good, crossbred cow, -which yielded 3Ib 601. of butter/from 58.10 O7_ of nJHk. showing a butter ratio of 17J37 ; tact, the colour and qualitj- of the butter was pale and bad, ^ldwing that the feed^ig of 'Ac oow was not as It alouM bare been. The medals presented by the EngUA Jersey Cattla Society, -were iwon as follows : — Simd «* j a i«i W»»nd ?OTr ^ I I SI ^°te^ lh.-*.U-,-X- SUDV «*? ? ( '^ ( C«p. S. Kmll-B iSflvet } -Tnddie «T C I 2 U£ 17-ilJdo.smlJ 15W CJUMB ???'??? - (£5-1 Mr. VuUons {Bronzed vin hneylX 41 t S li f»-15J do-ajid !?«?» U»2nd - 1*3 J The Jerseys were not quite so good as in former years, but it is to be noticed the prize-winning Jerseys iwere much longer in mSk than the prize-truming dairy* cows. Hie average of -the four prize-winning cows in each class -was as follows : — Days fa Hill. No. Breed. milk. 1b m. i Sbortbonsjuid croesbredg 44f 61 si \- Jersey. .. 114} 15 101 The first prize in the heavy- weight class was iron by an extraordinarily £t-pd cow bejonging to lord Sayleigh, named Trefoil. She yielded 72.10 of mSk- df rich quality, having been in milk seventy -nine days. The eemrs -were milked dry on Tuesday evening, ^nd at- intervals o'f tnvelve houri oa Wednesday. Churning took place »t noon au Thuradsy. Mr-. C-. W. ~Sarensen~-farnishea interfist ing paxliculars afiout the yields obtained in a l*tanish dairy of 137 com-s. The ave rage yielB per torn- for the woalc beri 1 ^^jt^^^g^s being 27 B- sulk to 1 Jb butter— in other ii brds, if mads into butter, tiemSk ivpuld haveyieldea 245 fc of commercial butter . per coir. The gross value, of the produce (calf, but not' manure, included) waft £2090, or £15 5s. 3d. per head, whHe the market Value of the food consumed (3813 units otjd.) amounted to £10 11 si 10d- leaving a j£ross~ profit of £4 13s. 3d. per head. In Denmark artificial feeding has to be very largely resorted to. In Australia, where natural food is abundant during the greater portion of the year, the return from each cow shupii be greater in proportion to the cost of feeding. The biggest yield of any. onsmr -ac 10,313 S, irrtragiug ,3,3 yer cent of fat. She was ' ten Teirs old. and' gave » net profit of £9 13s. 4d. The WmaUest yield oras 18S3 1b, or 183 gallons, -syhlch happened aUo to be tne poorest in' butter-fat — namely, 3L85 per cent. This appargutiy undesirable animal was thirteen years old, and would need to throw & very valuable calf to make good the nett loss of £3 Us. 4d. on her year's keep anoi attendance. The richest milk given by any cow in the herd con tained 4.65 per cent of fai, the yield lieing only 400 gallons, produced at a loss of £3 0s. 7-L; had her milk been made into: butter, this loss would hare been reduced to £1 7s. The practice of keeping records is nonv abnost universal in Danish dairies*. 'Anting tLai?y experts there is none has Lad a more intimate connection with the dairying 'industry* tfita »fr. Frank WCel frey, cow conoeetcd with the &jn; .of Messrs. Wangfa and Josephson, Bi^bane. He was bom and brought up on a. daiiy farm in 2fca- South Wales; he engaged in farming puisnits, and -was employed as Atiiy ^perf 'bjfthe fiovemment of tie ccJony.naracS, and was judge of the dairies £nd dairy $nM in the conipeiitions of 1M2. .In fliat capacity he was led to examine the best dairy {arms in several localities. A few monUjs ago be was asked to act a* a judge at the show of the LisDicrtE A. and FL Society. Complying with the request led to his revisiting the scene of h& former labours, and wgi-iwg notes of progress niadc * in ais absence. : Being deeply, interested in the progress of the dairying industry in his native, state he, tad many thoughts upon the subject. Hsviae;. opportunity, afforded him of ventir lading these, ie sot than befofe the public: in 4 fieri^S^of. a^jMjy-.ari ^ip ^ QpM-n«^«nI ._ eier.' , These tare ^en' reproduced, in. Jt pages, wturft we cpBnncD3-to lie attention of tonr 'readers. -'' 33/ti. speaks fin^t of'IAe Bichmoiid ^Uver distsjer, and discoinses 4Q the'djffienli^es .of tenant fafjners, the 'im. ing, a&d; 3ie posiibUBtji^'c.i dairying in th^ diftrict Th» test sto-Jc in -tile hands of £s.rnjers jaie* of, tbe Illa-warra ^rAin. H? Blancea at the tjaunerj' system, and shows bhnsclf ja. ktrxdy 'iaidvoeate of tbe home separator, end 'gives luJHrearted asproba:! ^fon of the Ofie of ensiliige, taougfa be admits diat sikilnR Cures and makes edible f ndder sJiock would not otherwise eat. He Eas lineh io say on dairying on the Tweed Eiver,'iEuid'tliicfcs it it mistake^ that cane yiimuig' £herc Siould have been rudely interfered waLh. Dairy stock Ihere have TJOt. teen impmrad to ike extoot aimed at but the inteodnbtioa of good batls, and .cnllimr of' 3ej:ds'is'fjorag on sbeadSy. *He sees' plenty -ST openings on the Tweed I River for 'good homes, 'but rautibog inlend iip settleiS in a; practical and kindly fn^uon.* ' The pamphlet, 'we. .understand, may be. 2nd ou apfdicaiion to ;lfce author.' 'The, Northern killer,'' published at lHaneMpoli? on the Slat of July, contains a long and interesting article on M KMWB^^ and her Wieats,' ijT. B. Cobaoi. Secre tary of 'tie Eamis State Board of Agri culture. vVhile there has been much suv pen^e' and '^iecuiatwn in regard to this year's crop, tibie (trz^er says, one thing is: certain- ;.' .IJia^^An^s nis a majguificeht icreagie, ,the firrf 'esieritial to making pos-: sEble a subsequent; J^rgc aggregate pro o*uct. No.'&efiter.; ^rvest. season v*us ever known, \hm Uu,t'-(hen dosais, and the grain -Was going' urt^ihe ' stack a]pd the separator in ai condition never surpassed. The area wa-s 125,009 acres greater than :n 1900 -when the state produced '76,600,000 bushels t£ wheat from 4260,000 acres, an average of nearly nineteen bushels per acre. ' Kansas is famed for its splendid hard red wheat. It was introduced about -twenty- five, years ago by 31ennonite immi grants from Southern Kussia. Its hard flinty character made it unpopular with American millers at first, but mills have been made to deal with it. and the flour is superior to nearly all others made in America. The best wheat is grown at aa average of 1000 feet above se*t level. Im ported seed intended «to be as perfect as monev could buy. was due to arrive at an earlv'-lale. In ' 1S511 the acreage under wheat was 3.733,610 : product, M.S50, fiS3 bushels -. value, 42.596.739:09 dollars. In 1900 the acreage iva* 1.378,5:0 : product, 77,339,091 bushels : value. -11,97-1,115 dol lars. The farmers, it will b& .seen, make up by. increased production fox tbe fail in value. ^fhe %g-l£mber iiue of tije ?' Agricai-. tnrai Gazette' rf Sew. South' i^⩽ is o£ wards of a score of original articles of the first importance to fiirniTf and koi bandmeu generally. Mr. Cdbb injtie% abnrt a Toot gall which bus a. fatal mflnpTHg on plants of many kinds, and which xs increasing in Australia from Busdaberg ia Queensland to Adelaide is South Australia. Once so3 has become inlesled with it there u no getting rid of it. The list of economic plants it attacks shows what^a serious pest it may prove, -&Ix.; C 3T. Grea fell, a state school teacher in South Aus- ' tralia, with a taste for agricultuial ex periments, has been doing Teal good work by. comparing the yields of plump amS shrivelled grain, of thick and tioj saving, of deep and shallow sowing, of irrigation, of sowing early and late nrheats, and of feeding down with stock. Plmnpgraln for seed, thin and shallow' sowing, irrigation, laie sowing, are' 'all proved ''to/be best.' Feeding down with stock -hag- no «d-w- tage. Mr. Froggst'axs- an adminUe altide on pear and cherry dugs and Aus tralian saK flies- A cancerous disease in the grape' vine is discussed by. Me Blnmo The results of experiinents foe the destruc tion of scale pests is earofnUy related by Ur. Allen, and the opinions of'orcsardUts on fumigation are fredy given. -He Farrer lihe an interesting, paper oil tiuek-apd this seeding ; and Mr. Blailaud, Murinbia, cob tribotcs an euelltnt ariide on' Angst* goats. The general and olher notes are as usual precis^ and useful. - ? The introductory notes in tbe 'Journal c.f Agriculture*' of South Australia arr always interfering, and instinctive, and the contributions of the Inspector of FecOisen arc always usfifol. til. Summers throws cut suggestions for more fTjgmmfirfjl weak, tiai niuertake-i by farmers and school t«ich«s baying been attended wSb cood results. Mr. Thomson gives TaJc sble instrn«i!ion to mSk. and cream sup pliers. The poultry antes, trim iota, ? and orchard notes are aU excellent. Ilr. Kricheauff writes on the cnlUvasion of cringes, and Mr. Qnin on spraying fcuit treesmUoom. Eeporls of branch buaaas ere always iniereaUng. atstJsiSim 15-Z.).— i^dwadf opw, Stand ing'aoly .ahont jZft. 6m. in. heght, and ? A Uooe cspTr^e ^wentv-five days wn* 5|jit solid fopd, . m«#' drin^mg 'water ; solid food ijithont drSnking. .'' ''' jrifii nnrsners after 'it' tt waf *i In* cajUhcV-a- jaid a long way oj* of the tiym, having besn cnnS»ionay g-*J!«p for over two hours. ' A male n'ri that has proved himself id ' L« B jrood hreeder. and is still ']iossesse| ol vigonr rod good, hrijtk. should, not 'be crowded out of flie oiniding jard amply to make room for a. younger and peroips in untried bhd. A Inrd' that ha£ 'beHf nested is a 'LBo- cniignanfity,''ii»looe mar judge' as to what' results wffllie U k» 0 nc.jnatter iow ^anipwag, ?Jfa-vQae as 4 bReder is an -unknown ouanlity,*' and he must'firit DC tested 'to deniD«Sfealie ' O£ -value. ^« ttany-*anc5ere throw oyer *is elder birds, even when uteir breeding qualities are good, juii because a, yoonget tird nuv Ttrcsent 3k betier appearance. Oh£ tannot affo»--I to ^norc jrood hmuity in ax lird thrt 5ii!s. been ted. a^fiake entire, chance- uvia one that j£ yet to be. tested. TJk uotrie-1 bird may,'pTOve aD nght, bni it is far safer tx- also 'tiee 'one 'whose '^uaU- ties are finulisr. --?-..- Tie Board' of Agriculture has published in the ''Cizettee' a reguiafioh whereby milk which 'contains less 4han three par «nt ofJOjIk fift suaitil^W FobaaaS Drugs Act. lie presumed, TO-al fae contrary l« proved, to Be not genuine mOk, ' and, siffiflarlv; it, shall not iKTieia 'to.be' genuin vhere it ooutcins less tban 6.5 per isnt of muk solids 1 Uier than nSBc fat. or -where, King skimmed 'or a$arSa ttH^. it con tains less Ihiin nine per cent of mfflc sohdi The regnlatiun extendB to Great Britain. to twenty-five tons per acre. Along with Hit fflnnyH.r'l nuunirc. -l 'quantity ci .Bupcr phosphate and potash ehonld -aJso be aft plied, the quantity being varied according Drilling. The driBs sbculd be opened about twenty eight indies vide, being mode deeper or shallower accoiding to whether or not any farmyard dung, and what qoantitv, is to be pat in tie drill. If the weather is dry v at the time the drills are being closed, thoay that have been made during- Uie forenoon . may be rolled in the afternoon with a drill Croakfll roller. This will consolidate the drill, break the clods, conserve the mois ture, and facilitate planting. After being made, drills dry very much quicker if rolled before they get any rain, as, if once Tret,. it is cftcn a long time before they arc again dry enough to allow the roller to work property . Pioviding Plants. Good ^strong stubby. ' plants should be eecured in ample time from someone who makes a. tiude of supplying such. By so o.oing a strain of plants will be Eecnred much more likely to be true to name than where a ' few arc reared -at home. The Drumhead variety is the only one suitable for generxl farm, culture, and of it each of the large growers of plants have a strain of their -own. For those having suitable soil end climate to rear their own plants, cue pound of seed may be reckoned on to jrrodnce sufficient plants to. suffice for one acre, provided -there is no unusual loss at feed sowing or during winter. The see; should be *own on a well-prepared surface of light soQ about -the end of July or be ginning of August, according to climate, situation, anil soiL Thick sowing is to be avoided, .as the plants from such are always turn in the stem and rarely turn «nt satisfactory. The seed bed should be Jcept tree of weeds, as plants well exposed ' to the air anil light stand severe weather rnuch better than where they are crowded together. Planting. Where- oUzlLs are brought from a. dis tance it ia'alwars advisable to have a puce of ground prepared before the plants arrive. Before being distributed the bundles of plants .should be all opened out, and the plants carefuKy gone over. If the plants arc atimig and f hfolr in the stem, there is little fear of them dying, even when slanted ont in moderately dry weather, if it is curly in the spring. As, however, the season advances, greater care must be exer cised at the time of planting. ' Where the . season is advanced and the ground is ad dry as dust, it is needless to expect plant? to live, much lees U turn out a satisfac tory crop if planted at such a time. Under such circunttt&nces; the young plants should be Ildddy planted in temporary rows, a foot or so apart, and watered, till rain comes, when they can be lifted and planted in the field. Less time is lost than most people -would suppose - by this temporary planting, is during that period the young plants form quantities of fibrous roots, -n-hicA enable them to. at once take to the ground when planted out. Planting Is generally done by the. dibble, when the planter either takes a handful of plants itt the ieft had or distributes them along the top ot the dial before beginning. Dibbles heavily shod .with iron ace to be preferred, as they mib a better hole, the soil on the tides of which has little tiahaitv to fall in. All small, deformed, or damaged plants should be thrown aside as useless, or, in seasons when tiiey are costly, they may .be' put thickly in a specially pre pared row or line to grow .; when later on the best may be used for filling up blanks If the n»rs are unnecessarily long the points should be trimmed off. In planting great care should be taken not to double up. the point of the root, .as such plants rarely, grow well. In twenty-eight inch drills, Drum head cabbage plants should be put in frum sixteen to eighteen inches apart. Many people who would otherwise grow cabbages are afraid to do so, owing to the fear they have of the time taken up in planting them. This need deter no one, as even irvxperienced ba£ds will plant about the Mine area of cabbages as they can single of turnips in a given 'time The planters thorla see that they carefully press the. earth against the root of the plant, not against the neck of it, as by the latter method the plant is often left hang ing, with the root in an empty space, and jio part of it touching the soil. Where cabbage are w' planted, many blanks will he found liter on. If the drills have not been consoiidcled by rolling, a good plac is to press conn the earth on the top of the drill with the foot before inserting the dibble, as it ensures a much larger pro I'ortion of ..the, plants taking reot- than where such is rot done. Planting with the Spade. Where .the laud is very hard, cloddy, o-- fum plantiaj; Li occasionally done with th? i-pade. For doing the work in 'this way two person* must wort together. (.-ue dnrw in rlo spade with his foot, he then presses the i^ndle' forward so* as to leavp s; space behind the spade. The assistant,] v ho may 'je v. boy or girl, then puto a plant ' in behind ihe spade, which is afterward? withdrawn and the earth pressed down oc thc roots of the plant by the foot cither cf the man with the spade or the person carrying the plants. Falling Blanks. ' ' As bocbi as i&! blasts- faa-v^e thoroughly . 4akeBrT8QT*J'the &hjt; ^should jbjf gime'or&j; and all blinks filled up. While tie best of the small plants which have been kept 'growing in a specially prepared bed may occasionally* be used for filling up the blanks, it' will generally be found more profitable to use the strongest plants pro curable for this purpose. (To be continued.) 