GOD SAVE THE QUEEN! The King has. it is said, approved of the addition of the following verse to the National Anthem in honor of his Queen, and it was sung for the first time at the opening of the annual conference of die British Phrenological Society at Exeter Hall last Saturday:— In perfect peace Berene, Keep Thou our gracious Queen, With her abide; ' May heaven's own sunshine fair Rest on her everywhere; Hear Thou thy people's prayer, God save the Queen. ' Lord Tennyson, wijl be interested in tho fate of certain lots in the forthcoming sale at Sotheby's. They consist of interesting relies of his famous father. These are his school atlas of ancient geography, with his autograph, a list of his schoolfellows, and a few sketches of heads, while an in timate glimpse of the poet, on the domestic side, is a two-page letter -written to Mies Hayward, of Chapel House, Twickenham, announcing the arrival in this world of the present Governor of South Australia. This is an excerpt: — 'You may have heard of ray wife's delivery of a fine boy. . . As 'I have an irrational dislike to putting events of this kind in the paper, I really nave had near 100 letters to write m ell directions.' He goes on to ask if she knows of a 'good, honest, practical nursemaid.' Mr. Grainger has as yet received no in formation as to whether the South Austra lian Government desire to occupy any por tion of the space in the Royal Exchange which ihe Gresham committee have set apart for the purposes of a Commonwealth Exhibition in petto. The West Austra lian Government has apparently already de cided not to face the expense of reexhibit ing their Glasgow exhibits, and so far as I can leam there is little chance of New South Wales taking advantage of the Royul 'Exchange show. As to South Australia, Mr. Grainger appears to think it highly doubtful whether the Government will be .ready to part with the necessary funds to enable him to get up a reasonably compre hensive exhibit, and it is questionable whether a show worthy of the State can be got ready in time lor Lhe opening iu February. 'A good display or none at all' should be your motto, and personally I am not at ull convinced that the expense of a really representative exhibit would be justified. Nor do I believe the State Agent is at all keen on spending money on sueh q show. South Australia showed up well at the monthly dinner of the Royal Colonial In stitute, which preceded the reading of a paper by Mr. Johnston on Rhodesia, at the. Whitehall Rooms last Saturday. In addi tion to Mr. Grflinger and the secretary of the institute (Mr. J. S. O'Kalloran) and his wife, there were present Mr. and Mrs. Alex. McGulloch, Mr. Fred Dutton, and Mr. F. M. Dutton, and Mr. E. Burney Young. Mr. Grainger made there the ac qunintance of tlie Rev. H. M. West, a bro ther o£ Mr. Fred West, who, the tale runs, once paralysed the manager of the Bank of Australia when asked, 'How wiil you Jake it?' by replying, 'How much have' you got?' After Mr. Johnston's paper Mr. Grainger was called upon to give his views on the question of the desirability of Rhodesia being allowed to import Chinese laborers to work her gold mines. The State Agent complied, but warned the audience that it was not pos sible to deal adequately with, the subject in the 10 minutes allotted to each parti cipant in R.C.I, debates. He proceed ed, of course, to condemn the proposals of i Mr. Johnston, and wound up by telling the lecturer pretty plainly that if he knew the j Chinaman he would much, prefer John's j rAmn to hie company, pointing hie remarks | with reference to Australian sorrows arising from the introduction of Chinamen, rabbits, sparrows, and stinkweed. The State Agent's staff has now been brought up to a war footing, bo to speak, for Mr. Champion arrived in London last Saturday after a pleasant voyage by the N.D.L. Weimar, and on Monday took up his official duties. For the time being he has taken a furnished house in the Norwood district, where he has a number of rela tives and friends residing. At the instance of the Right Hon. and very Rev. Dean Leigh or Hereford, the committee of the Grosvenor Club has placed the name of Mr. Henry Allerdale Grainger on its list of members. Mr. Randolph Bedford, who has, I hear, Dernetrated a decidedly original novel, for which he is seeking a publisher, has taken a house at Hastings for the winter. His intention, I understand, is to remain on this side for some six or eight months. Mr. F. R. Coventry and Mr. C. H. Co ventry are leaving London this week for the Continent, en route for Adelaide, and expect to arrive in time to bid their friends a happy new year. Senator Matheson writes to the 'Morn- ing Post' defending the Right Hon. George Reid from the accusation of 'malevolent astuteness' levelled at him by that jour nal's Sydney correspondent^ Mr. Mathe son explains Mr. Reid's attitude, and his objection that tie Federal Government's Immigration Restriction Bill is not a straightforward one,- and concludes by say dng -that Mr. Reid appears to have taken up an absolutely logical -position from his point of view. I regret to learn by cable of the death of Mr. John Mallinson Williams, which took place at Cape Coast Castle on November 11\. Mr. Williams was well known among the mining element in your city, and was among the pioneers of the Cinderella colony's goldfields. Among old Coolgardie and Kalgoorlie folk he will be best remem bered as the initiator of the cycle express system. It is rather more than 32 years since the great explorer, Captain Charles Sturt, passed away at the age of 74. His widow followed him in 1887, and now the death of their eldest son. Colonel Napier George Sturt, is announced. He died on Monday, at Llanvinhangel Court, Abergavenny. The deceased officer joined' the army in 1857, was gazetted captain in 1868, major in 1877, and lieutenant-colonel in 1884. Lieutenant Colonel Sturt served in the Abyssinian campaign, and commanded No. 2 Company, on the Senafe Pass, and the Sooro Defile, and he was present at the action of Arogee and the capture of Magdala. He married in 1876 a daughter of Mr. J. P. Muirhead, of Haseley Court, Oxon. Lieutenant Colonel Sturt was in his 66th year. Mr. Alexander Theophilus Singleton, of Japan and Australia, who, I understand, was the representative of Japan at the Mel boure and Sydney Exhibitions, died ^sud denly last Sunday at Kensington. Mr. S. Davenport and his wife are, I understand, leaving England by the Hima laya for Adelaide. The chief reason for Mr. Davenport's return is, I hear, the fact that Mrs. Davenport's health has been aF fected by the vagaries of our glorious cli mate. Mies Ada Crossley set the seal on her reputation by her concert in St. James's Hall last Tuesday night. She had a very large audience, with a considerable leaven of Anglo-Australians, and her. reception was as enthusiastic as her singing was artistic. She showed her versatility by the 'faultless technique,' 'full apprecia tion,' and 'interpretative intelligence with which she rendered an 'admirably ar ranged' programme of interesting songs in different tongues and of very different styles. 'In fact,' as . the 'fDaily Tele graph' critic says, 'the singer's art put the inost favorable complexion on every piece.'' English, French, German, Italian, and Danish served to show Miss Crossley' s lin guistic as well as vocal proficiency. The Servian fence was the only one that she re fused to take, with the entire approval of her hearers, for her 'delicious rendering' in English of 'The Servian girl' (one of a trio of Mr. Albert MallisonTs songs which she introduced), led to quite an ovation of both singer and composer. Lady Halle gave Miss Crossley time to take breath,, and to transfer her thoughts from one language to another, and delighted the audience with Handel s violin sonata in A, and other numbers. The critics to a man are enthusiastically eulogistic. The phrases quoted are a fair sample of their apprecia tions, and it only remains to add that the 'Times' eays that 'Miss Crossley proved herself no less an artist in her singing of songs than she is in her singing of ora torio music.' Miss Amy Castles, who, by. the way, the 'British Australasian' says was born in 1882, is having her way made smooth by her numerous friends and well-wishers, who have secured the patronage of the Prince and Princess of Wales for her con cert next Tuesday. The gossips of the theatrical world aver that our mutual friend, Mr. W. J. Hollo way, is contemplating a return to Australia early next year. Once more the tale is told to the effect that Madame Melba1 has 'completed ar rangements' for an Australian tour next year. ? This time the tale is true. Madame will leave England in July, open a season n Melbourne about the middle of Sep tember, and' visit Sydney, Adelaide, and Brisbane. I am not the least bit sceptical as a rule, but- Madame Melba's name has been 60 often 'taken in vain' in connec tion with a trip to Australia that I. should have had my doubts concerning this latest intimation had not madarae herself told me that the statement is 'perfectly cor rect.' The Prince and Princess of Wales have presented the Stepney Borough Museum with a number of relics from Australia and New Zealand. Tho presents received by the Prince &nd; Princess during their tour round the world are to be on view at the Imperial Institute shortly. It is hard to realise that Florence Nightingale is still with ua. But though she is in her 82nd year, she writes to the 'Times' this week to remind us of, and make an appeal for, an establishment for sick gentlewomen, which, with the help of Lady Canning, she founded in 1850, and presided over until she went to the Cri mean war. The best bicycling performance of the year is undoubtedly the 100 miles ride done by A. A. Chaee iu 2 hours 45 min. 20§ sec. laist Saturday on the Crystal Palace track. Paced by a motor tandem, Chase covered his first mile in 1 min. 54 sec, and negotiat ed 10 in 16 min. 9J sec. At 50 miles (X hour 20 min. 33$ sec.) records began to fall, and at 62 miles Chase had beaten Bouhour's record for the distance by nearly eight minutes, his time being 1 hour 40 min. 53J sec. At 63 miles Chase was 21 min. 34| sec. inside F. C. Armstrong's time, ac complished on the same track in 1898, and keeping up high pressure left Armstrong's record for 85 -miles with nearly 32 min. in hand. A. E. Walter's figures were the next to fall. The Polytechnic rider's time of 2 hours 54 min. 3S| sec. for 86 miles was reduced by Chase by 32 min. 34 sec, and the 91 miles by over 35 min. In two hours Chase covered 72 miles 990 yards, beating Palmer's record by over 10 miles. At 92 miles E. Gould's time of 3 hours 6 min. 5| sec. was considerably altered, Chase re cording the distance in 2 hours 32 min. 241. sec., and the same rider's figures for the 100 miles by 33 min. 20g sec. Chase continued on for the three hours' record, and covered 108 miles 1,026 yards, as- against A. E. Wai ters's record of 88 miles 900 yards. This means a shade better than a 1 min. 40 sec. gait all the way.. 