NEWS OF THE DAY. ' "Tlie I.eader": this week contains another of its enrtoou 'portraits,' the subject on tills occasion being Mr, Kingston, the Common wealth Minister of Custom's,- He is presen ted in belligerent mood, arid in a. characteris- tic attitude , of.' Impressive defiance. " The artist litis succeeded In giving a spirited re-- presentation of.. the lnnn.." For the country edition also there is - reproduced the' fine llashllght pliotogriiph tnkeu by. T. Humphrey nnd Co., showing the House of. Hcprcscntu- tlves while Mr. Kingston Is .explaining the provisions of the- tariff;: '(- Another Ilnshlight photograph of Interest by the same Arm Is the Chledonliin Society's smoke night at the Town Hall to Sir Hector Macdonald. The Grand National Show. at; Bcndigo Rupplles Several pictures, nnd some very picturesque views of the Maryborough wnter works nt Evansford are presented. The winner of tlie cycling road race from Wnrrnninbool to. Melbourne, Mr. E. D. J. Abraham, the new chaplain tq the Victorian mission to the deaf and dumb/ and MIbs, 'Alice. Hollander, n contralto froni New Zealand, who, gives her, opening concert nt the Town Hall this evening, arc Included In the list of portraits!. "Tlie Leader" this week deals fully with past and approaching events of the V.A.T.C. ' meeting. . . ' It is notified In the "Government Gazette" that Friday, 1st November next! Is the last day on which electors' rights enn tie ob tained for enrolment on' the general lists of: non-ratepayiug' eleetors-for the Legislative Assembly. Persons wlio arc not already en rolled, and who linvo not obtulned electors'., rights, will be entitled! to have their names, entered on such lists- by dbtninliig rights from the registrars' for their respective divis ions, or their deputies, before or on that date. Residential rights -for the Legislative Assembly may be npplied for cither In person or In writing through the post, and nny_ writ ten application posted to the registrar or deputy registrar not later than 30tli Octobcr will be In tline for enrolment on tlie lists. Forms necessary for applications tbrougli tlie post nre obtainable at tlie offices of the registrars nnd deputies, and at all courts of petty sessions, post offices and police sta tions. The Commonwealth tariff Is now, most naturally, the all nbsorbiug topic of "the Sydney press, and the most luveterntcly nnd unepuipromlsing frcc-trnde jouynnl In the State, the "Sydney Evening News," disposes of Mr. Heid's no-confidence motion, and re cognising defeat at the outset proceeds to ar range a "rearguard defence"- In the Senate: —"It is not at all preniatdre-to discuss the duty of the Senate In regard to the Barton tariff. We may take it; for granted that this tariff will pass. the House of lleproscn- tatives." Apropos of the Federal . I tariff, the "Sydney Morning Ilornid"' of Tuesday Inst states Hint Mr. O'Sulllrnn, Minister for Works In the New South Wales Cabinet, in a speech delivered at Windsor oil Monday evening, said he "was sure that when the Federation had been working for 'a qoiiple of years Aus tralia would be one of the most flourishing countries under the sun. The Federal tariff would lie felt nt flrst, but it would give em ployment to those who were now out of em ployment by being the means of raising In dustries In the country which up lo the pre sent were unnlilc to lie crentcd." The 1'arllamentnry Stnndlng Committee on Railways Is now engaged In Investigating a scheme for supplying the township of Sun- bury, nnd also the local lunntic asylum nnd railway station, willi wnter drawn from. Barengo Creek, nenr Glsliorne. The Bulla slllrc council desires to undertake tills work, nnd has applied to the Government' for n- loan of £10,r>00 to carry out the scheme. Tlie committee entered upon Its Inquiry Into tlie proposal yesterday, examining Dr. M'Creery, Inspector of Hospitals for tlie Insane, as to the present water supply of tlie asylum nnd Its purity. The committee .will. on Tuesday hear evidence from Mr. S. ' Murray,- chief engineer of the Water Supply department, a.s to the cost of the scheme anil the objec tions to the proposed diversion urged by those holding land further down the strenm. -. ; An encampment of "the 2nd ' Battalion (secondary schools)- V.V.C.C. hns' been autho rised to be held nt Lniigwnrrln by ' the general officer commnndlng,' from to-day until Monday next. All ranks will proceed from , Frlnccsrbrldgc to Langwnrrln by special train ,at 3.20 p;.m. to-dnyi The enmp commandant 'is Major F.'C. Eddy;' the bat talion ndjutnnt. Cnptnln C. 'N. 'Morrison.' The bnttnllqn is to -muster nt Yarra-banU- road, near tlie' station, nt 3 p.m. The camp held Inst year nt the same time, proved to be n great success. The cadets, wlio belong to the, sccondnry schools, pny for the camp themselves, the Defence department only nl; lowing train journey and use of tents. The following schools will be represented:— Mel bourne Grammar School, Wesley College, Brighton Grammar School, Carlton College, Hawthorn Grammar School, Gcelong Gram mar School and. Geelong College. A special train for parents ami the public will run on Sunday, at '1.00 p.m. froin Priuccs-brldge. . Apropos of the "white Australia" policy, the "Civil and Military Gazette," Lahore, says:— "Wlint tlie Australians and Natations wish tq avoid Is the Invasion of traders nnd artisans, whether Chinese, Japanese, Malay or Indian,': with whom the white worker simply ennnot compete. They.deslre.to pre vent the crcntlon of overcrowded nnd'lnsnni- tnry Asiatic qunrtcrs in their large towns. They siirlnk.from facing .the problem of the 'colored vote,' nnd they dread the creation of conditions which. In the Southern States of America, lead to crime on, one side, anil the exercise of a savage justice, hardly less criminal, on the other. Dcpcnd'iipon It, the Australians know what they are about In 'at tempting to prohibit colored Immigration; They have the example of the United States, wltli Its color problem, and of South Africa, wltlr" Its dlfflcu!t_hativequest!on7bTforc'thelr eyes, and they would be fools indeed' if they allowed themselves to drift into the same dangers.". Applications will be received by the Fublic Service Board up to Snturduy, 20th October, ft qm officers, of the public service who nre qualified for appointment to the position" of chief inspector. of stock, Professional Divis ion, Class ."D," Department, of. Agriculture. The duties nre defined as the, supervision, of inspectors of stock; to Inform' the. permanent head .of nil mattera of importance In his- branch, nnd to advise as to all matters af fecting the health of Victorian stock, nnd as to necessary regulations, &c.; Applicants nre required to have had ..a thorough prac tical experience In the management of all' kinds of lire stock, and to lie familiar with their diseases. A correspondent In "The Age" yesterday complnlned'thnt a letter carrier refused to deliver up to him an Insufficiently stamped letter without payment of the necessary 2d.' in cash. . The addressee having 110 coppers, - ,nnd. the.letter cnrrler havlpg.no, change, the latter, . )vlth singular stupidity, emphatically,, refused to accept two ."penny' stamps' which were offered to lilm, and the letter was taken biick to the post office. The Postal authori ties acknowledged that the letter carrier adopted the wrong course. The stamps, they state, .were sufficient payment, and he should j.have accepted them. ' The annual session of the Municipal Asso ciation of Victoria commences at 10.30 a.m. to-day, -at tlie rooms of the association, the Old Exchange; 3G9 Collins-street. In the 'evening an nnnual.muiilclpnl dinner is to be InaugurntiAl In the Town Hall, when his. Ex cellency the Lieutenant-Governor, the Presi dent of the . Legislative Council,' .representa tives of the Government and the lender of the Opposition will be present. -Tormorrow afternoon the delegates and lady friends will he cntortnlned at a garden 'party at "Klppon Lea" by Sir F. and - Lady Snr- good. More than 22 per cent. of . the pauper lunatics of England and Wales . belong to London, and -the tnBk of the asylums com mittee of the London County Conncll Is no light one. In its annual report, which has just been Issued,' It Is recorded- that 011 1st 'January- last the total number of. all pauper lunatics in the administrative' area was 21,309, as compared with. 21,393 in 1900, showing n reduction of '24. In the twelve months. During the Inst decennial period 'the ratio, of the total certified pauper luna tics to the entire metropolitan population hns risen from 2.467 to- 3.389. per thousand.: At this rate 1 per cent, of the Inhabitants of these Islands will he Insane long before the end of the century Js reached. The 21,309 mentioned above are distributed as follows:— In county asylum's and licensed houses, 15,274; In imbecile asylums, G5G7; in work houses, 356; with friends and relatives, 172\. yV.:V . ' The report of the Indian Famine Commis sion makes melancholy rending. One and a quarter million people died of famine: The death ratals described as "lamentably high'," And the Bombay- Government Is severely- criticised. The criticism is chiefly concern ed wltli the "extravagance" of the relief; but if relief was extravagant and yet three- quarters of a million died of famine in tlie oho presidency, what is the outlook for the future? The recommendations of tiie com mission nre numerous niid' detailed; by fol lowing Its principle of decentralisation re, lief in future 'may. be given with more des! pntch and less waste. But. famines In. India, where population grows with- every gush of prosperity, can, says the '(Saturday Review," bq.qnly anodlfled, not prevented, by skill of .organisation. The attempts to Russify Finland by seve- i'l.ty , have cooled the/ usual- Danish ..w'elcbme for tlie Czar, writes ' tlie ''Times'' correspondent "at Copenhagen. The 'Danes, he says', understand ' "re . Inclined from history, to, regard both Finland nnd Northern Scliles- wlg ns old Scandinavian provinces. That soqms a little sentimental, but we can easily imagine tlint all the peoples on the coasts. of .the, Baltic feel a common Interest In the good government of those coasts, and tlint the Danes, with their love of freedom; re gard the suppression of ; Finnish liberties with great disfavor. The matter Is of some importance to the Cznrs, as Denmark is the only place where they can lead a holiday life, and are safe at once from Anarchists and tliclr own Ministers. It .has recently been asserted,' with some appearance of correct ness, tlint the Cznr lianrs the . whole truth about events In bis own dominions only from Copenhagen. ... A meeting of the bishop In council of the diocese of Melbourne was held yesterday, at which the three new dioceses - scheme was discussed. It was decided to abandon the proposal to have n meeting nt IVangarnttn to elect a committee for that diocese, but to secure nominations for the committee with n view to an election by post. Until that election Is over none of the three dlo- coses will he constituted. This evening n meeting, to bo addressed by Bishop Goe, Archdeacon Langlcy nnd Canon Hlndloy, will be held at Bcndigo to inaugurate nn en dowment fund for the Bendlgo diocese. A telegram from Becchworth which ap peared in "The Age" of yesterday, stated tlie local AngllcnnR nre highly indignant at "the suggested alteration" in the name of one of U10 new dioceses from Ilccchworth to "VVnngnratta. Mr. IV. E. Morris, ' the dio cesan registrar, points' out' tlint the altera tion is altogether beyond the region of mere suggestion. At the church ''assembly curly tills month the name Wungnrnttn was defi nitely. carried liy a majority, and the desig nation Is now part of the Tln'ce Dioceses Act. That act hns received the written' ns- scnt of nn overwhelming majority of the clerical nnd lay representatives of districts In the area covered by tbe new diocese, nnd a meeting to elect a committee ,for the nomi nation uf the flrst bishop will be shortly held. ' In the flood of criticism Unit followed on the discovery of the Melbourne University' frauds the thortconilngs of the professorial staff were unfavorably commented 011 In tlie cluinns at "Tlie Age"- liy Mr. L. II. Iifodsky, a member of the University Union, nnd, ns two of the professors happened to ho members of thut body— L'rofessor Hiking-, ton'' being- president nnd Professor Morris one of the vice-presidents— the writer was called on for tin explanation,' This was duly furnished, but the committee. deemed it to he Insulting, and preferred ;charges ngaliist Mr. Brodsky of writing to tlie press against the interests of the University, nttncklng the professors and sending nti insulting letter to the committee, of the union. The' mattcr was to have been investigated at a.-gcncral meeting of, tlie University Union yesterday afternoon, but-' tbnt course was rendered turn necessary; by the clrcumstnncc'tliat.'Mr. Brodsky had written to the committee apolo gising for Ills action, nnd resigning his posi tion as 11 member of tlie union.. .The com mittee accepted the upology and resignation, and the meeting was cancelled. In regard to the article in "The Age" yesterday, pointing out' tlie necessity 'for li thorough .'reorganisation' of the Victorian Statist's department, Mr. J. B. ; Fonton, Acting Government Statistician, desires to correct ithe state ments mnde concerning two matters of de rail. He says that of the 31 hands employed in the department only 10 nre In 'the statis tician's' branch,' the remulnlng\15: being In the .registration branch. - In Now South Wales, lie understands, there are- 27 men doing tile same work as that curried out by 10 men 'In Victoria. . Monsieur F. Maurlce-Ciirton finds' himself 'compelled to .omit the two Inst of his scries !of six French lectures which ho has been de livering nt tlie \ Athcniotiiu; owing to a tronbiesomo tliront affection, nnd -in conse quence Is . remitting to subscribers pnrt of their subscription. He bns arranged to be gin in . April next n new series of four , lec tures with' six readings in. French. , Janet Lady Clarke will 'preside', tit tlio flrst evening meeting of the Austral Salon In tlie new rooms nt 317 Fllndcrs-laue, to-nlgbt. Tlie programme Is a good one, the musical portion being under the direction of Mrs. ,Krcd. Jolley, aud the dramatic under that of Miss-Nellie Vciteh. The eieVer little burl esque, Sbakspcnru's Heroines, will be pro duced.' ... His Excellency the Governor- General, with Lndy Hopetoun nnd snltc, attended the performance of Tom,. Dick and Hurry at the BIJou Theatre on Tuesday evening. . 'Miss .Alice Hollander, the new Anstrnlinn contralto, who. Is about ,to visit - Englnnd, :wiH' ninkc her first appearance n't the Town 'Hall this evening. At this. concert Miss Hol lander will slnir Lnscinehio Plangn (Handel), Ave' Marin (Mnsclicroiii), ' Douglas Gordon (Kellie) 'and O Divine Redeemer (Gou'nouj, Miss Una Bourne, the brilliant' pianist; Mr. ,W. Gooud, 11 new basso; Herr H." A. Kahn, violinist, and Mr. H. S. Elvlus and Mr. G. Jordan accompanists, also take pnrt. The box plnn and tickets for all ports are at Allan's. I In response to tlie appeal made by .Mrs. Kirk, secretary to tile W.C.T.U., in "The Age" of 12lh Inst., with the object of providing an artificial leg for a poor man who lias had tlie misfortune to lose tlie limb, we have 'received the following sums:—' Three Sympathisers," 10/; Irom Fred, and Sarah, Coburg, 5/. ... -The weekly seamen's concert at the Williams- town . Sailors Rest this evening will he provided yy Mr. H. A. Ternes, ussistod by Miss K. Douglas. Mr. A. Clarke and others. A meeting of employes in the white shirt, collar' 'and underclothing trades was held last evening, and it- was arranged that a monster meeting- be held Jn the Temperance Hall, .Russcll-strcct, to morrow. The sale of 6800 acres, part -of .Rockbank Estate, the property of Sir R. Clarke, will take place at the mechanics' institute, Wcrribce, to-morrow, at 1 o'clock, by Messrs. Edward Trencliard and Co. and W. S. Kcast and Co. conjointly. Messrs. Pearson, Rowe, Smith and Co. will sell ;by auction, at 3 p.m. to-day, at. Scott's Hotel, the Glen Nevis and Glen Andrew estates, parishes of Bylands and Chintin, near Kilmore, and the Yarra View Estate, near Croydon, together with 320 acres near Mooroolbark and Lillydalc. Tlie first annual report and balance sheet of the Prahran 'and Southern Districts Poultry, Dog, X'igeon, .Canary and Bird 'Spcictynshos thatp)aftpr' paying . prize moneys and liabilities,' . tliere is credit bnlancc o( £43 14/10/ Tlie annual meeting 'will he held on Tuesday evening, 22nd inst., at the 'mechanics' institute, Prahran. To-day's auction sales comprise thc following:— W. F. Vale and Co., Collins-street, at 2.30— City and suburban properties. Gemmcll, Tuckett and Co., High-street, Windsor, at 11— Piano, furni ture, paintings, ornaments, kc. C. J. and T. Ham, Swanstonstrcct, at 12— Properties at Mal vern and Balaclava.'-. Fraser and Co., Market- street, at 2.80— Indian teas. Plcasance, Graham and Styles, Elizabeth-street, at 11— Art furniture and goods, field glasses, plate, etchings. &c.; J. Lyons and Co,, Queen-street— Wall nnd ceiling papers. Bnylee and Co., Collins-street, at 11— Caterer's stock in trade, furniture, kc. Pearson, Rowe,. Smith and' Co., Scott's Hotel, at 3— Coun- -try. lands.- W./n. Crocket and Co., Provost- street, North Melbourne, at 11— Furniture, &c.; E. J. Dixon and Sons, .Chapel-street, -Prahran, at 1.3? — Pijinos,' furniture, dog cart,«&c.; ; at 4— Plum ber's stock, saddles, kc. T. S. Rowe, Brunswick- street,- Fitzroy, at 2— Furniture, bicycle, &c.; Joseph M'Glnty, Gertrude- street, Fitzroy, at 11— Furniture, kc.\ nt 12 Home, 