NEWS OF THE DAY. The R.M.S. China, with English malls and passengers, arrived at, Fremantle from Ceylon at 8 aim. yesterday, and resumed her voyage at 3.30 p.m. She should reach Largs Bay on Saturday afternoon, and tier mails, sent by express from Adelaide, arrive ill' Melbourne on Sunday. Both Houses o£ lite Federal Purliuuieiil will meet at 2 p.in. to-day. In the House of Representatives the Distillation and Im migration Restriction Bills will be dealt wltli, aud in the Senate further progress will be made with the Customs Bill. 'The financial affairs of the Melbourne Uni versity arc in a very much more serious state than was supposed, according to state ments made yesterday by Dr. Macfarlniul, .in tiie course of nn interview wliieli the council had with tlie Premier. Having pointed out the great difficulty tliat liud been ex perienced In ascertaining precisely what was the extent of the recent defalcations. Dr. Mncfarland said that of the present over draft of £13,312, half was the result of the robberies of cash from the University funds. He was sorry to have to say that lu addition about £12,000 worth of debentures bad been stolen. It would appear, therefore, that the total loss of the University us a result of the shortage amounts to tlie astounding total of something between £18,000 and £19,000. Tlie annual Income from the £12,000 worth of de bentures missing was at least £425. Merchants aud others who do business wltb the Customs department have a well founded grievance lu tlie state of affairs that exists whenever tlio slightest accumulation of work takes place at the Spencer-street customs shed. 'The most unobservant spec tator can see that there Is faulty arrange ment somewhere. The regular staff con sists of five bands, two of whom are experi enced and three inexperienced. When tlie pressure Is on, ns Invarlnbly happens when a large vessel arrives, the staff is quite lu- I i: adequate for the task of classifying (he, goods and passing them for duiy. The de lay Is repealed nnd accentuated when It Is n matter of passing tlie entries at the Custom House, that Is In tlie "long room." All this means, of course, tliat merchants aud mer chants' representatives are subjected to needless annoyunce. Private citizens nre equal sufferers. The extraordinary pnrt of the mutter is that while public servants In all departments of the State are cooling their lieels in a condition of comparative case and enjoyment the very branch of the service that demands special expedition and efficiency should be loft palpably underman ned In the respect just referred lo. Any body who caves to look in nt Spencer- street en a Monday morning can satisfy himself at. a single glance that the hands employed cannot get through the work as, in the Interests of the community, It should he got through. With tlie new Federal tariff to he administered shortly, merchants are looking with alarm to the possibility of an even worse stiite of congestion than exists already. It should surely not he. necessary to point out tlint the greatest possible help should be given by the .State towards hav ing its customs work done with promptness aud despatch.' Sonic dlssatlsfnctlon, apparently based oil a misapprehension of the facts, Is being expressed nt the procedure adopted by the Minister of Lands in connection with the conference which litis been held oiv the .sub ject of thq extension of the niallee leases, which were to expire In 1903. This confer ence comprised Mr. Phillips, M.T., Messrs. Tavernor and Dyer, M's.L.A., two officers of the Lands department nnd Mr. Lnscelles, who, as Is well known, Is deeply Interested in the utilisation of the lnullee lands, having invested heavily In the territory, nnd ho is said' to have acted on behalf of the settlers generally. Protests have been made against tlio Inclusion of Mr. Luscelles, on Ike-ground thnt lie vt-ould necessarily be actuated to a lnrge-extent by regard for-hls personul con cerns.; Tlie Minister of Lands, however, repudiates the suggestion that tlie confer ence was called together for the purpose of framing legislation, although lie considers tliat Its deliberations should ho useful in guiding hhn lu a prospective bill. The -ob ject In Inviting Mr. Lnscelles to take part was to obtain from him a clear outline of bis position In connection wltli tlie proposed extension. A recommendation has been liinilo to the Minister of Lands liy Mr. J. M. Reed, Sur veyor-General, that tlio time for receiving applications for the land in the parishes of "VYouylp and Bingluwarrl, in tho Melbourne district, now available up to 13tU Inst., should ho extended for a fortnight. The extension of time, It Is thought, will be of advantage, us -tlie Public 'Works-department Is at present engaged In clearing and form ing a road from the Tooru railway station Into tlie country specified. A petition signed by 800 persons employed In and about the coal mines of Victoria was yesterday presented to the Legislative As sembly by Mr. Downward. 'The petitioners ask tlint the series of amendments to the Coal Jllues Regulation Bill now before Par liament, drawn up by tho Coal Miners' As sociation, he Incorporated In tho bill. They assert that the principle embodied 111 the amendments is In operation In Victoria at present. Serious fears were entertained by orchard- isls who were attracted to Melbourne by the agricultural show lust week as to the spread of codlln moth, which hnd been found lu the Bcndlgo district. The Minister of Agriculture has lu consequence given direc tions to Mr. French, the Government Ento mologist, to go up to the affected locality and Investigate. Mr. Mcthvcu, M.L.A., desires to force mat- tors lu connection wltli the constitutional reform question. He has given notice of his Intention to move In 'the Assembly— "That In the opinion of this House and the country tlie tliuo has arrived for the Introduction of a hill to reform the constitution of the two Houses of the State Parliament on the lines luld down by hon. members nt the last gene- l-Ul' 'election. ' (1) For the 'Legislative Asscm- chlyriA rendjustmeulivof .the electoral bona-, diirles of the present electorates, reduction of the number of members, nnd single elec torates. (2) For the Legislative Council: The abolition of the property qualification for members, tlie voters' list to ho the rate payers' roll, the reduction of tlio number of members, and single electorates." The proposal of the Board of Health to compel the notification of cases of tubercu losis to the health authorities wns the sub ject of an Interview yesterdny between Dr. Grcsswcll, chairman of. the Board of Public Health, aud Dr. Zwar, who Is at present In charge of the Austin Hospital. Dr. Zwnr in formed Dr. Grcsswcll that n large number of casus of consumption In advanced stages were admitted to . the. hospital. He had taken steps to find out the class of houses in widen the patients hnd been residing nnd t|ie general conditions of their life. 'The re sult of his inquiries showed that most of the houses lu which the consumptives hnd been living had become Infected throughout with tubercular germs. There had been no care taken to destroy the sputum of the patients, and the result was that the walls and floors of the buildings linrbored germs tbut were a menace to tho health of the whole- of the occupants. Dr. Grcsswcll pointed out the course tliat would have to he followed to purify these dwellings. No steps, however, could he taken until the provision of tlio hoard regarding the compulsory notification of consumption had come into force. Even tlicn the first application would have to bo made to the local , municipal council to see that the houses were disinfected. 'The Board of I-Icalth would only take action when no thing was done by the municipal authori ties. The liorsc very soon will be released for over from the weary toll of barge drawing, says the "Dally Mall." Arrangements are being made to lay down a pair of lines on the toivputli of the River Lea. OVer tlie lines will soon he running a little 'vehicle propelled electrically by the overhead trolly system. 'This vehicle Is to tnke the place of horses in towing the scores of barges thnt ply up and down the river. .'The benefit of the change Includes- the undoubted fact tlint' the barges will travel very mueh'fnstor, aud horses will he saved the wearisome labor which tliey luid tp perform under the old system. If the new system proves success ful in saving both time and money— and tliorc is every reason to tliiuk that it will— we may expect before many years to see a complete, revolution In the means of transit on the great network cjt canals that connect the principal towns, und the water high ways will become of greater Importance tlinn ever. Owing to the Indisposition of Mr. Justice Williams the criminal sittings of the Su preme Court will not, he commenced until Wednesday, 18th Inst. A peculiar position wns created lu n County Court action yesterday, owing to a difference of opinion of two judges on nn important point. A few weeks ago Mr. W. J. Woolcott brought an 'action against Mr. F. Stephen (of tlie firm of Stephen liud Stoplion, solicitors) for the recovery of £G1 8/ alleged to he due as the .balance of an account for legal services rendered. Defen dant counterclnliiicd fill! 14/, also for services rendered; but Judge Chomley held that the counterclaim could not he malntnlued, as It should have been made by the firm, and not by an individual member of It. 'Then pro ceedings were Instituted by Stephen and Stephen ngainst Woolcott for the amount, said to he due, aud the mutter was before Judge Hamilton yesterday. Wlieu tlie case for plaintiff had been closed, Ills Honor said thut on tliu evidence before lilm he did not tliiuk there was any contract between tlie firm and defendant, though there might he between F. Stephen and Woolcott. Mr. M'Artliur, who appeared for plaintiffs, asked permission to . make the required amendments, arguing tliat it would he exceedingly unfair for plaintiffs to he put out of court on a mere technicality of tills kind, especially In view of the pre vious decision by Judge Chomley. Mr. Englcson, on helinlf of defendant, objected to any amendment being allowed; but his Honor overruled him, and struck out S. Stephen from the case, dlrcctiug defendant to have such costs us wore Incurred by Ills Inclusion lu the suit. "The whole of this litigation was started so as to get lilm In," pleaded Mr. Englcson. "I can't Iiclp thnt," replied Ills Honor; "it Is a pity It was started at all, but the whole difficulty lias arisen from the fact of another judge and myself taking different views respecting u certain point. 1 don't know whether lie luid the snme evidence before him ns I have." Mr. Englcson suggested thnt |lils decision of his Honor would put plaintiffs in n worse posi tion than tliey were In before. " "They seem t o lie very anxious to get into that position," remarked his Honor. 'The ease was even tually adjourned till this morning. The T'arlitinieutnry committee en railway lighting met yesterday. No evidence was taken, hot returns were received from the Railway department shuwlng the cost of In stallation, maintenance, &e..; In connection Willi (lie Pintseh nnd kerosene lighting sys tems. It was decided to take the evidence of Mr. IIoluics, electrical cuglnc-cr to the de partment, on 'Tuesday next. Drs. Balfour nnd Bull, wlio were appointed to represent Victoria nt the recent Inter national Tuberculosis Conference 111 Loudon, together wltli Mr. Kendall, veterinary sur-' geon, have forwarded reports to the Govern ment. 'The reports deal chiefly with tho do ings of the conference, suinmiiries of wlik-h liuvc already appeared ill these columns. 'There nre also forwarded for the Information of the Health department copies of several addresses, and a elrculnr Issued by the Ger man Government stating precautions to lie observed to prevent the spread of consump tion. A revised schedule of proposed promotions niul Increases of pay to inspectors, foremen, &c.;, was submitted for the consideration of the Metropolitan Board of Works nt its meeting yesterday by the engineer in chief, whose recommendations affected twenty- three employes, aud involved nn advance of close upon £340 oil the board's present an nual wages bill. The officers and servants committee supported the recommendations, which, however, met wltli opposition from a majority of the members of tlie hoard, who voted for n motion by Mr. Wilson "tliat tlie proposed increases be not made," there by disposing of a mntter which had engaged the hoai-d's-attentlou for over a month. To celebrate the Inauguration of -the Com monwealth, the Scandinavians ill Sydney have decided to place a cot In the Sydney Children's Hospital, nnd It Is intended to raise about £1000 for this purpose. .The Scandinavian residents of Melbourne having been requested to assist, n concert and hall, with the object of raising funds, will tnko place on Saturday evening nt the Turn Verein hall, Latrohe-streot east. The patron age of the Lieutenant-Governor, the Federal Prime Minister, tlio Federal members for New South Wales, the Consul-Gcncral for Denmark, the Consul for Sweden and Nor way, and the Danish, Norwegian nnd Swed ish societies of Melbourne has been accorded. An attractive programme for the concert Is announced elsewhere. 'The sixth of tho series of citizens' muni cipal concerts Initiated by the Mayor of Mel bourne, with the co-operation of the City Council, will he given in the Town" Hull this evening. The programme appeurs in our Amusement columns. At this concert a nominal charge for admission will he mude, and the entire proceeds will he distributed amongst local charities. Tickets . may be obtained during the day at tho Town Hall. The Bishop of Carpentaria (Dr. Gilbert White) will preach at 7.3U this evening, at Christ Church, South Yarrn. A meeting in connection with the "Mrs. Gm Memorial will be held in the chapter house, St. Paul's Cathedral, at 4.30 p.m. on 'Thursday. A popular concert by leading artists will be given in the Melbourne Town Hall on Thursday evening, in old of the Chinese mission nt Bruns wick. Sir. C. B. Luftmann will commence a new scries of lectures and demonstration lessons on liortieul- ture, at the Working Men's College this evening. Subject, Garden Slanagemcnt. Tlie Port Slelbourno Literary and Debating So ciety will hold its first meeting, at the local town hall, this evening, at 8 o'clock. Tlie mayor ol Port Melbourne (Mr. Walters) will preside. The Royal Institute ol Rri'tish-Architeots intends holding an examination to quality for candidature as associates, hi Melbourne, in .Tunc, 1902. An ad vertisement relating to the matter appears in this issue. . A social meeting: of tlie Industrial Exchange will he hold' on Thursday ' evening, at Christ ' Church' Hall, Punt-road, South Yarrn. : The half yearly meeting will be held in. tlie Temperance Hall, Rus sell-street, on Friday evening. The name of Mr. Charles King, of Messrs. ,T. Henty and Co., who has been nominated for a seat on the council of the Melbourne Chamber of Com- mcrce, was, through an oversight, omitted from liic list of natnes appearing: in our issue of yester day. In connection with the Victorian Railways Mu- niul Benefit Society's picnic ut Bcndigo on Satur day next, the Tramway Company lias arranged to run special cars from tlie suburbs, the times of de parture of which are notified by advertisement in another column. These cars will arrive nt Spen cer-street in time to cntci: tiie train leaving: at 6.40 a.m. In connection with the improvements at the Princess's Theatre, mention should be made of the large expanse of lead lights executed by .Messrs. Brooks, Robinson and Co., under the supervision of /heir artist, Mr. Whr»cldon. The design, the artistic treatment of color and the painting of the medallions of the great composers arc such as to merit special praise. To-day's auction sales comprise the following:— New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Atrency Co. Limited, Collins-street, at 11.33— drain. John Buchan and Co., Acland-strcet, St. Hilda, at 11— Piano, furniture, art china, linen, &c.; Geinmell, Tuckett and Co., Collins-street, at 32— Properties at Clayton's-road, Brunswick, and (with A. U. Ayhvin), Brighton. Charles W. Gray and Co.. King-street, at 11— Butter, choose, bacon, cgca,, honey, &c.; J. E. Kimberloy, Smith-street,. Fitz- roy, nt 1--CIothing, house linen, &e.; Baylce and Co., Collins-street, at 12— Suburban and country properties. Fyson Bros., Chapel-street, South Yarru, at 2— Horses, pontes, vehicles,' harness. See. Fergus Scott and Co., Wellington-street, Colling- wQod, at 2— Stock, fittings, &e.;, of grocer. John Coverlid, Church-street, Richmond, at 11— Piano, furniture, carpenter's' tools, timber. Sec. J. H. Wntkin, High-street, St. Kilda, at 2.30— Furniture, pony cart, kc. Wm. Younger nnd Co., Station- street, Box Hill, at 2— Cattle, horses, pigs, ke. James A. Wise, Collins-street, at 11— Furniture, plan desk,' watclics, Sec. ; at about 1— Pianos, canaries and cages; at Charles-street, Prahran, at 3— Furniture, Sec. Beauchamp Bros., Collins-street, at 10— Furniture, guns, kc. ; at 1.80— Pianos, har monium, vehicles, . horses, harness, bicycles, bll- linrd table, kc. ; at 3.30— Carpets. W. IT. Allard (with A; R. Ayhvin), Jasper-road, East 'Brighton, at 11— Furniture, kc. ; at 1— Villa and land. Wm. II. Edgar, Chester-street, Oakleigh, at 1 — Piano, furniture, poultry. Sec. W. S. Keast and Co., Grey- street, Brunswick, at 11— Stock of builder, cart, mare and harness. T. R. B. Morton and CoRhill, Box Hill Market, at 11.30— Cattle, horses, vehicles, harness, pigs, ponltry, &e.; J. Lyons and Co., Quccn-strcct, at 11— Stock, shop fittings, &c.;, of jeweller. 