f'Ht LAND. AND WHAT 18 DONE WITH IT. The only change in the London market for ! frozen mutton last week wan an advance of ! 1-lGd in Australian, which is now quoted at \ 3 5-lGd. In beef, New Zealand hinds show | a fall of Jd, and Australian hinds a tall of '■ 1-1 Gd - j A number of slicep in thd-Horsliam dis- j trict died recently from a mysterious disease. Mr Peutlund, chief inspector of stock, has : reported to the secretary for Agriculture that the cause of death was inflammation of the intestines, caused hy eating a plant known us the everlasting daisy, which was growing in the paddock. He states that this weed, though uot poisonous, may act as an irri tant. The London butter market was dull last week, choicest Australian showing n decline uf Is, and choicest Danish a recovery of 2s. A comparison of the present quotations with those of the corresponding date last year is follows: — 1000\. 1901. Australian choicest .. Nom. 103s Danish choicest .. .. 102s to 1019 112s During the week the Himalaya arrived in Loudon with 28S tons from Melbourne and 1G9 tous from Sydney, or u total of 457 tons. The Bonanza oats, writes the "Western District correspondent of the "Loader," is gradually extending its popularity in this district. At Illowa, Nirrundu and other localities it has been tried with success this season, the sample being remarkably plump and cleuu. The seed, however, has been difficult to procure hitherto, except at an expensive figure. It was formerly 10s per bushel, but it can now be obtained for 3s a bushel, and it is anticipated lhaf. the area under this particular variety of oat will he considerably increased I his season. A distressing feature atteuding settling on the laud in the Cmidobolin district (N.S.W.) is now' cropping up. A large number of electors have been notified by the Govern ment to leave their land unless they pay up t once. As this is impossible, they huve to ■o, and leave their huuics. with all improve ments, and proceed to swell the ranks of the unemployed. It is requested by the Agricultural de partment that secretaries of agricultural societies should forwaid before the end of this mouth a list of all those members who subscribed not less than 10s this year to the funds of those bodies, so that the names of these members may be placed on the ruli to be used at the elections in J une for members of the Council of Auricultural Education. The roils arc compiled once every three years, and if the nam: ,, aro not forwarded now the qualified members of agricultural societies will be debarred from voling uttlieso elections. The Government reports on the wheat crops in India have commenced to make their appearance ft-r the current year. Tho fiist report (dated Calcutta, February 3rd) on tho Bengal crop states (bar. the area sowu is 1,GIG,300 acres, against 1,550,200 acres last vcar, aad that with a continuance of favor able weather the yield will be 105 per cent, of an average—that is In say, it will be a bumper crop. The same conditions, it is understood, apply to other parts of India, and the outlook is that there will be a large exportable surplus—tho largest, in fact, for years. During tho past year there have been two beet sugar factories in operation in New York State. At the Binghampton factory about 2000 tons sugar will be made from about 20,000 tons beets raised in the State. The host yield pet' acre was about 35 tons, while the average was 10. The bc.-t beets : contained 20 per cent, sugar, while the j avercgo was 13. At tho Lyons factory I about 60,000 tons beets were received, and j will, it is reported, make about 4000 tons j sugar. The best yield was 2S tons per acre and the average 12, while tho beat, beets gave IS per cent, sugar and average 13. A clever scheme for adulterating milk by which all the cream is removed, but will still pass the Babcoek test, has been discovered in N.Y., and it is believed to have been prac tised to a small extent in several parts of tho 1 State. The milkman stirs into the skim milk i emulsion of fats, manufactured for medi cinal purposes, much in the same way that j skim milk is fixed for making filled cheese, i These fate aro made up of the same ingre dients which enter into oleomargarine. It is said to give tho milk a fine, rich appearance, and a chemical analysis is required to show that it is not butter fat. Professor Long gives some striking figures Bhowing what America has done, and is doing, to assist her people to hold their own in the great industrial contest which becomes more keen every year. Thirty-eight years ago agriculture and mechanical arts in America were endowed with nearly 9i million acres of land for the purposes of edu cation. The actunl value of the equipment and permanent funds of the American colleges is estimated al 12J millions sterling. A year ago there were no fewer than 33,000 students in the colleges, 4400 of whom were taking the agricultural course. Endeavors are being rnado hy the local DepuftmeoT of Agriculture, writes the " Lender," to ascertain as closely as possible the average number of pounds of butter pro duced yearly or during tho milking period by cows in New Zealand. A circular is being sent to dairy companies and factory pro printers asking for the following roturns for last season:—1. Number of cows from which the milk supply of the factory (including branches, premises and skimming stations) was obtained. 2. The total weight in pounds of milk received, 3. The amount in pounds of cheese output. If both butter and cheese have been made, the department re quires to bo infonnod of the amount of milk, in pounds, used for tho manufacture of oach. The following return of the operations of the Western Wimmera Irrigation and Water Supply Trust for the half year ended Decem ber 31 has been furnished, at its direction, to the Minister of Water SupplyQuantity of land within the trust district irrigated, 77S acres. Different crops grown upon tho land irrigtted and extent of land under each de scription of crop:—Fruit, 537 acres ; vines, 102 acres ; grass, 10 acres ; lucerne, 53 acres ; maize and sorghum, 23 acres: cereals, 12 acres; pinall fruits, 32 acres. Quantity of water used for irrigation within trust dis trict, 200,000,000 cubic feet. Quantity of water used for purposes other than irrigation 33,500,000 cubic feet. Area of 'and within the trust district not already irrigated, hut capable of irrigation, 509,200 acres. There are iu Victoria about, a million acres of land, principally in East Gippsland ami the Mallee country, reserved for educational endowment purposes. Some of the land is let for grazing, and is bringing in revenue, which at present is absorbed by the Lands depurlmont. The Minister of Public In struction is in need of money for tbe en couragement of technical education, and ho fails to see why the vents of land ret aside for educational endowment purposes should go into the coffers of tho Lands department. He lias, therefore, caused a letter to he written to the secretary for Lands asking to he informed of the position and acreage of the lands reserved for- educational purposes, and the total amount of the rents received from tliem. When this information is re ceived Mr Gurr will endeavor to have tho rents handed over to him for the advance ment of education. An important discovery of water in tho Mallee was made at Waitchie on land recently resumed hy the Government and thrown open for settlement. Tho site is BOtne tbrco miles north of the Waitoliie homestead, about 30 miles went, from Swan Hill, and 20 miles east of Sea Lake. The find was reported bv Mr T. H. Woonton, a Waitchie farmer, wlioforsomo time past bat) been carting water for his stock from Swan Hill, a distance of 30 miles. He had been engused in boring operations for the last two months, and after repeated trials with only salt water as a result, he found that by following a certain course westwurd tho wnter became, fresher. His bores were put down r.t distances of one mile, the water becoming fresher at each bore. Tho last put down was on Tuesday, the trial being made in tbe bottom of an old tank which has never held water. Tho tank is 10ft deep, and tho water was found 18ft. below that level. The horo was continued 6ft further, and fresh water ran in all the way. A email sbuft was ounk 19ft, or only 1ft below tlio water line. Tho inflow was then 390 gallons per hour. Tho settlers aro satisfied that there will ho little difficulty in securing 1000 gallons an hour, and this supply would bo more than Buffieiontfor nil requirements. Tho water is perfectly fresh aud palatable, and is un doubtedly tbo best ever found in this part of the Mallee. A novel experiment in colonising is about to be made in the Argentine Republic. It has boon found that the'French, Gorman and • English immigrants for the most part havo : selected the cities and latge centres of popnla ; tion for their residence. In these places they have got control of many industries and take I a lending share in the comatnrco of the ! country. The Italians havo been engaged in j river navigation, while the stream of Irish ; which used to supply the demands for agri ' cultural labor, filled up the shipyards and i supplied the labor of docks, flows no more. ! Some French, Swiss and. German peasants ! have founded agricultural colonics, uDd in ■ certain places tho Ruamans and Poles form : the bnlk of the rural population. But the i Argentine government has decided that^uone t of these nations supplies in sufficient numbers • a rurnl nopnlation for the development of the i country. I On the question of plants taking up poison i from the soil, tho "Lancet" has the follow - j jn.r;—•« We havo found artificial manures to ! be rich iu arsenic easily soluble in water. 1 This is hardly Surprising, since tho basis of ! artificial manures—namely superphosphate i of lime—is made by acting on ordinary bono ! ash v.-itii common oil of vitriol. Tho inipor i tar.l point is that it has been established that i plants to which arsenical manure is applied 1 take up arsenic in their tissues. Cabbages and turnips gathered from fields manured with superphosphate have irivou unmistak able evidence of the presence of arsenic. It is probable that, arsenic accumulates iu tho , soil which is constantly being dressed with i superphosphate, so that plants raised >111 such I soil would absorb arsenic, and exercise an injurious effect on the health of man and ! animals. The question arises, therefore, may j not the arsenic in malt ho traceable to the I somewhat large amount of arseuic inevitably I present in artificial manures f This aspect ; of the subject is very serious, and needs ' further inquiry. We shall return to it in a future issue, when wo hope also to be able to record the results obtained in an examina tion uf other more or less familiar articles, in which arsenic may possibly be. introduced through the employment of impure sulphuric acid in tho course of manufacture. ! The Australasian '' writes:—"The ' weather since last date of writing lias been 1 autumn.like, but the hoped-for general j downpour of rain has not yet occurred. : There havo been nice, light coaslal rains, but ! in the central and northern districts, where a I heavy precipitation is most required, no rains ! to speak of have fallen. This is unfortu | note, for there is a great scarcity of water in I the malice districts, most of the tnnks being i dry, and as it is practically impossible to get on with the work of putting in tho crop in | the absence of water for the teams, seeding I operations are likely to be suspended. This j is unfortunate, as there is every disposition to i get a large area of land under cereals this I season, cultivators being encouraged by the j fairly good yields obtained last harvest. Of j coarse, it is still early, and rain any time I this month will bo'iimmenscly beneficial, but ! delay in getting in the crops is always ; dangerous in tbo north and north-west. A I largo quantity of wheat is still coming I forward, showing that the crops on the I whole have turnod out better than was I expected. This is most satisfactory from | every point of view, and it is to bo hoped i that another good season will be experienced j this year, and help to mako up for tho many | disappointments of past years, j Australia, writes the " Loader," offers a ' wide field for work for those experienced in I lite industrial utilisation of vegetable pro ; ducts. Although the practical value of I economic botany remains imperfectly undcr I stood throughout the Commonwealth, there : are not wanting indications of its approaching ; recognition as a new and valuable souree of | national wealth. Recently Mr R. T. Baker, I the curator an(J economic botanist of the j Sydney Technological Museum, appeared as ' n'witness before a royal commission appointed I t" inquire into tho couditiou of the western 1 lands of the State. In the course of his I examination he produced samples of eucalyptus oil in various stages, extracted I from " trees in the eastern portions j of New South Wales, and stated that | the colony now produces eucalyptus oil of tho" highest quality, fully equal j to the best in the market. He said l that a largo amount of research 1ms lately { been made in connection with tho flora of • that part, 'if the parent State, with very 1 valuable results. For instance, inyrticolorin, a new dyeing material, has been obtained from the leaves of the red stringy bark, in udditiou to the valuablo oil extracted from tho same source. Out of trees and shrubs in the eastern portion of the State, Mr Baker lias, with the assistance of his staff, extracted j camphor, perfumes (such as otto of roses, | ionouc and cinnamon), dyes, peppermint and Icajuput—oils which ougut now to he pushed on the market. New South Wales can also compete ugainst India and Bulgaria with its 1 geraniol extract. Mr Baker's evidence went to show that the vegetable products of the western, or dry, country in New South Wales possesses an eeonotnie value not in ferior to those of the eastern or coastal dis tricts. About the flower garden the "Leader" writes:—In the districts where the soil has been favored by the recent rains, the sowing of httnly annuals may go on as vacancies in the garden occur. Where strong plants are desired, manuring may be practised whether in patches or beds. In the latter case the soil should be prepared as lor a crop of cabbages, being deeply wrought with plenty of manure added. In anticipation of visita tions from snip and snails through tho winter a little more seed than will produco tlio required number of plants ought to be put in. Discretion should be exercised in covering the seeds, a very slight covering being sufficient for small seeds; and where there is danger of drought, a pane of glass may ho placed over each plant where the seeds are small and the covering light. The strongest growing and the hardiest sorts might he sown in beds and transplanted when large enough, and at such distances apart that each plant shall have space to attain full dimensions. Small seeds and any thafaro not quite hardy may bo sown ia boxes, and tho more delicate kept till spring before being planted out. A large number of flowering plants may now be propagated, including penstemoDB, gaillardius, antirrhinums, and indeed ail evergreen, herbaceous perennial plants I hat produce young plants this season, besides petunias, verbenas, fuchsias and other soft wooded plants, The cuttings may he set in boxes or pots and covered with a glazed frame or band glas-ea. About plant houses tho same journal writes : In separating aehimenes, lydeas, etc., tho weak tubers should not he grown on for this season's flowering. Pelargoniums, of oonrse, must be moved as they grow to give the roots plenty of room, otherwise the plants will suffer to tho extent of lacking iu that fine development of head characteristic of its blooms when properly grown. Lean-to plant nouses may in many cases bo greatly improved by covering the back walls with flowering plants or fernR. For the former a background of fichus stipulate or some other small leaved creeper.may bo put in, then planting a border such aa lapageriu, stephatiotis," hoyu, oomeria; and cissus discolor and lupageria must be placed in a shady sitnation. 