FRIDAY, DECEMBER SO, MOt. As a result of the labours of the Fede ral Parliament, during the eight months of its existence, tiro import ant measures (among . others) hare been passed by both Houses of tho Legislature, vie., tho Immigration Re striction Bill and the Pacific Islands Labourers' Bill. These two measures, while there is considerable similarity in the object for which they have bean enacted, yet in tlie practical working of the two thero will bo found to be a wide difference. In the Pacific Is lands Labourers' Bill the object aimed at is the ultimate exclusion of the kanaka, the aboriginal of the Pacific Islands, from Australia', thia form of legislation having been principally aimed at the extinction of the system of kanaka employment in the sugar plantations of Queensland. The in tention of the bill is most distinctly and unmistakably expressed therein — the kanaka must go entirely within a given period — and everyone knows exactly the real meaning of tbe mea sure. Not so, however, with the Immigration Restriction Bill. The object of this measure is to ensure that no " undesirable ' persons from other parts of the globe shall be ad mitted into Australia, and in order to effect this the . Federal Parliament has agreed, .aa the principal clauae, upon an educational test. Herein then Ilea the difference between tho two meaaures dealing with alien immi gration. The one aaya plainly what is intended to be done ; the other doea not, but is a downright pit co of hypoc risy. The bill says one thing, while uuder this clause tbe officer in charge of tbe working' of the measure may place an entirely different construc tion upon it. In the orginal the test clause read : — ' Any person who when aakod to do so by an officer fails to write out and sign in the presence of the officer a passage of 50 words in length in the Ekolibii language dictated by the officer." The leader of tlib Labour Party in the House of Representatives endeavoured to carry an amendment in the follow ing words : — "Any person who is an aboriginal, native of Asia, Africa, or of tho islands thereof but the effort failed, as also did a simi lar one in the Senate by Senator Mc Gregor. In both cases, h-iwever, the Government nobbled the Imhour Party and bamhoosled the House with an unscrupulouaness that would do oredit to the Kelly Gang in the bushrang- ing days. However it became abso lutely 'clear to the House of Repre sentatives that tlie Englinh language as a test was, if not imposribie. grossly absurd and impracticable, and so Mr. Barton consented to substitute " an European " language. Tliie amended clanse was in tho first place rejected, by tbe Senate, where the Labour Party, because it evidontly thought that it was likely to: misii some of the credit for the passing of the measuro into law, deserted the Opposition, abandoned the otraight-'out restriction clause and finally assisted in re-insert ing the clause in the form in which was the previous day dissented from, viz., . " Any psrson who when aslccd by sn officer fails to writs out at dictation and sign in ths prtsencs of tbs officer a psssags of 60 words in length in an Euaoraur language di rected by the officer." < A more monstrous piece of hypocrisy as exhibited it) this abortive educations! test it would be difficult to conceive Of course we are told that the bill is not meant to exclude Europeans gen erally, and that the Government must be trusted to carry out tbe spirit of the Act. We have already had quite .sufficient experience in leaving every thing to Mr. Barton andhisYic.torian- bossed colleagues over the federal tariff to satisfy us to their fitness to be given a free hand v.. If tho intent and purpose of the measure is to shut out the African and the Asiatic why is it- not plainly stated so ? If Europeans are not to come under the . operations of the Act, why not say straightfor wardly that it ' is the' European only that we want, and that aboriginals of Asia and Africa are to b-> excluded ? But this -seemed too straight a course for the wriggling, lop-sided Barton Government, who would like to be given the power to rule which ie pos sessed by tbe Czars of tbe Ru-sias, so that they might crush the '' common herd " under foot, if a cry by them in protest is made. The bills passed by any Parliament should, clearly, honestly and freely state what its in tentions are, and this the Immigration Bill fails to do. Under it a white Aus tralia may he as piebald as ever, or more so, while really good and desir- ble citizens may be, anfl they cer tainly can be. shut out. The whole matter ie apparently to lie in the dis cretion of somo officer, who is to be given the 'right to choose the European language which is to be uvd as a test, so that a Russian may ha asked to write 50 words in French, or a Span iard 50 words in German. Of course, Mr. Barton disclaims that the provi sion will be used unfairly. The words ' may he " allow of that possibility, and if it is not intended to apply the test to an European imrai.- rant in any but his own tongue, why does not the Bill clearly state so ? Such legisla tion will of a certainty bo closely find keenly scrutiuised and canvassed in all civilized countries, but there will be no -Bartons or Deakins or O'Connors at hand to explain to a German, or Swiss or a Frenchman or an Italian that the educational test which the Jul migrant _will be subjected to will bo a passage iu his or tier own lan guage. ' If such a possibility as ask ing a Turk to write out a passage in Spanjs'i or a Frenchman otto in Danish is not contemplated, why is not the clause made perfectly clear on the point in on unequivocal f.-rmf As it stands, however, it is beyond doubt the most equivocal and hypocritical clause ever inserted iu any piece of legislation, at least of modern times, and is a dissimulation almost without parallel. The Immigration Restric tion Bill, as it stands to- doy is the summit of hypocrisy and deception, Mr Barton's protestations notwith standing. 