H E # IN BRIEF. O c t o b e r ;./ T he second. T he Tivpli<5ompaiiy. Anotherrchange in the weather. Tourist Association meet to-m orrow. Marine Board meeting to-morrow afternoon. Soiree musicale at Masonic Hall this afternoon. Tasmanian 'S tate School Female Teachers’ Association meet on Friday evebiug. D roids’ "meeting an d social at Bellerlve on Friday evening. Tasmanian Racing Club spring m eeting next1Saturday. H on. N .J. Brown meets the electors of Cumberland a t Bothwell on Saturday n e x t Theatre Royal opens Monday, October 14. T rinity juvenile annual exhibition opened to-day by M r C.PieBse. liu o n made an afternoon trip to Brown’s River to-day. Consul f o r ‘th e -United States thanks those who have kindly cx- ; iressed their sorrow at the death of President McKinley. William Peterson, a seaman on the barque Wild Wave, taken to the Hospital yesterday suffering from scalp wonndB. Australian Natives’ Association m et last evening. # To-morrow the steamer Hnon makes h e r usual trip to Huonville, via Woodbridge, Long Bay, and H uon ports, returning on Friday. T he Nubeena goes to South Arm and Peninsula ports and Dunalley, returning Friday. The es. Lottah for Channel ports, Port Cygnet, and H uon jetties. A t th e City Police Court to-day Michael Lynch, laborerr, was fined £ 1 and costs for obscene language in house abutting on Murray street. Perth. Electric Tramways Company issuing £150,000 in debentures. Victorian revenue increasing, that of last quarter showing £186,842 more than the corresponding q u a r- ter of 1900. A t the recent fighting at Itala, w here the British casualties were heavy (numbering in killed, wonnded, and missing, 113), the losseB of the Boers were much greater, being 200 killed and 300 wonnded. T he youngest eon of Kroger is dead. He recently surrendered to the British. Probably the Transvaal ex- president w ill say this was a judgm ent on him. The Yorkshire fishermen have resum ed work pending arbitration. A Danish gunboat has been sunk while in Elsinore Sound white experim enting with high explosives. The crew were all saved. All the clauses of the Immigration Restriction Bill have now been carried. The measure has still to go before the Senate. Sir William Lyne is better, and is again in his place in the House of Representatives as Minister of In ­ ternal Affairs. European language” has been substituted fer “ English language ” in the Immigration Restriction Bill. Thus, much of the difficulty foreehudo'vroA irifclx regni-d lo corfcoiu nationalities will be done away with. The astionomers attached to the Antarctic expedition have arrived at Adelaide 44 to join their ship,” the Asiatics are still landiug in Queensland. Mr Barton sayB this shows the necessity of ‘passing the Immigration Restriction Act at T he Duke and Duchess of York arrived at Vancouver. The Chinese have burned a m ission house, but missionaries escaped. It w ill all have to be done over again, w e suppose, after the departure of the troops. Tha new Gorem or of Victoria, Sir G eorg. Sydenham Clarke, baa written to the Premier of that state expressing gratification at his appointm ent ■Weatherin Melbourne andSydney both cold and wet. In New South Wales snow has fallen, and sea rough off coast It is believed that body-skatchera ere the men who stabbed the watcher at President M cEinley’s grave. Object a ransom. International opposition is increasing to the proposed new tariff of Germany. L atesthettiugissixto five on the Columbia— one point against the Shamrock so to speak. The women of Vryheid lined the streets after Gongh’s disaster, and jeered those released. Several prisoners at Ceylon tu n ­ nelled for fifty feet under the camp in which they were stationed daring the night. They were discovered in the m orning and sent to gaol. A fire at Vancouver Ieland im ­ prisoned fifteen miners. All hope abandoned of saving them , aa explosions have taken place w here they are entombed. Major A nstruther Thomson, ot the Life Guards, has been made a Companion of the Distinguished Service Order. The Morning Post, of London, states that the Boers are having large quantities of contraband of w ar landed at I^m berto Bay. T he Sheiks, disputing about Koweyt, are now commencing hos tilities. The British fleet are landing gnus for the use of the friendly Sheik. . . . Bulgarians in Macedonia have captured Misa Stone, the wellknow n Affierioan missionary, and are holding h er for ransom. The American Consul Is arranging for h er release fo r th e sum ot £27,000 sterling. In oonseguence of tbo prolonged drought- in Yorkshire and Lancashire, thonfe||idB of operatives are idle. Exasperated at the action of a section of $V inU l-ow nere in dam ­ m ing up a stream, they demolished Latest cablAre international yacht race w a sitiie cause of some joy. W hen the race was declared “ off time,’IJthe Shamrock vn e leadiug by half a mflcY. L ord Kitchener, rei , prbm iuerifBoer, says Great Britain cannot Ibandon th e'ih n ex a tio n of the Transvaal and Orange River Colony without ijrealting faith w ith the loyalists of these colonies. 