NOTES AND QUERIES. From the Hon. E. W. O'Sullivan, Mini ster for Works.Sydney:— 'Kindly allow me to correct aa omission in my recent letter to you on minimum wage. The word never was left out of the following sen tence before the word 'paid':— 'Since the Lyne and See administrations have been in power I have paid is. or 4s. 6d. to 6s. 6d., as stated by your Premier and Mr. Foster. It will be seen tliat tlie word I left out makes a vast difference in the statement. We have never paid less than 7s., 6s., and 5s. \ycr day to the unemployed since our party canie into power.' 'A Frequent Traveller,' Hindmarjh, Avrites:— -'A few days ago I t-m veiled 'on the Hiiulmarsh car to the city. A man got in soon after we started, and began to ex pectorate all ;ibout tlie floor of the car, and kept it up till thejourney'send. Before get ting out 1 said tothe boy — Someone baa been spitting on the floor.' In an insolent ton-j he said— 'I can't help it if lie has.' As I stepped ont of the car 1 called the driver's attention to it, and received the same re ply. Till this filthy habit is put a stop to by Act of Parliament surely the com panies ought to carry something in each car to remove any uui.sant-es, and should insist on civility from their employes.' 'Bushman.'— Tlie secretary of the Bush, mien's Corps (Mr. A. E. II. J5van.«) ha.s by. direction of the committee forwarded through tlie Chief Secretary to the Secre tary of State for War a complete state ment of the difficulty regarding the defer red pay, and has requested that a reply may be sent by cable. In these circum stances the publication of your letter at present Avould be superfluous. 'Taxpayer.'— As the ' man has given notice of hi.s intention Co *ue the constable for damages, newspapercorrespondenceupon the matter at this/Stage ivouid jjot be de sirable, as it might, prejudice the action. 'Malkla.'— Quite right. The matter has been attended to. 'Dane' Jllu- strates one of the absurdities of the Federal Immigration Restriction Uill:— 'Some time ago I arranged with my sister, a highly educated young Danish lady at present living in Denmark, to come out here lo take up her abode with me and keep house for me in a year's time. Is the mean itiK of this Uill really that she, if she fails to write 50 words at dictation, shall he deemed .'undesirable?' And I much fear that she Avill fail in this, as e\\-en if she did learn some English in her schooldays, she has had no opportunity of keeping it up. 1 am an Australian citizen with naturaliza tion papers a.s a British subject, ami Iiave lived and worked in Australia for the last 12 years; and I enns-ider it a hardship on me to have my si.sttr classed sis 'undesir able' when she conies out under my pro tection and ta help me to make a home in the Commonwealth. I may add that I consider it more than siliy, to put it mild ly, to cla^s a well-educated countrywoman of the (.liieen of England as an 'undesir able' immigrant to a liritish country. Fur furtlier information 1 may also add that my father is an inspector of state schools under the Danish Government.' It would be possible under tlie Kill mentioned to cxclmlc tlie lady, though the administration of 'the measure might be better than its^ spirit and its letter. ' ^ . 'Doubtful' says that ''except to himself it is no great matter whether Lieut, lio Ixut.s was as valiant as a lion or as scared as a rabbit; but far otherwise in the ques tion whether a member of Parliament can accept imperial pay. Mr. Tucker has done good service in raising this important point, which tilionld not be allowed to drop wih oui some authoritative decision.' 