AGRICULTURAL MES Viles of tho English journals just re- ceived contain reports of the dairy rattle competitions at thc Tring Shan- on the 8th of August. The most remarkable fea- ture of thc show, tire " Agricultural < j li- zette " says, wa» the general excellence | of thc dairy Shorthorn and crossbred nat- tle. This is shown (ry thc averages of | fifty-six cows tested a*, follows : Dayl Butte tn Wik. Butter. roth No. Breed. milk. lb. OE. lb. ot. ll), ll Shorthorn! .. n W 61 1 Ml .. 28171 fi Crannied!! .. CO M 181 2 2 27« 88 Jerseys . .. »8 36 Oj 1 ml .. 2003 1 Guernsey .. 00 86 « 1 Ul .. 20*,) 1 A J nuire 02 61 ll 1 cf .. »148 {SK,}« It is regaled a» matter for regret that .with the exception of the Jerseys these were un-pedtgreed cattle. Th« averages of nil thc cons which would have obtained sufficient points had they been Jerseys for certificates of merit, arc given Mow, from which it will tie som that thirty three out of fifty-six cows tested were ex ceptioAklly good animait : Dsn in Milk. Butter. ratio. Mo. Breed. milk. Si oz. lb. ot. lb b Shorthorns ..62 CO 0 2 8}.. 36B7 3 Orowbredl ..SS WO 2 6Î ...il 09 SI hentys.. ..ll« SS 6} ll!) .. IS'D 1 «uenney ..61 io 4 1 lit ?. 2v.O The first prize in the heavy-weight class for butter was won l>y « remarkably gooi «ffossbred cow, iscWh yielded 3 II) Ç<az. of 'butter from 58.10 or., of milk, showing a butter ratio of 17.37 ; but, thc colour and rlity of the butter was pale s*d bad, wing that tire feeding of thc cow was not as it should have ibecn. Tbc medals presented hy ¡the English Jersey Cattle ¡Society were won as follows : Nunc of . jj «ó Prize «nd I1 I I II P°1DU lb. ot, lb, OE. Dr. Wztney'n Lady Of the 125 46 « S SJ IS if Bon uv ist« OMI. 8. Nell!'! (Bllver "j ?tn dd ic 67 47 1 till 17tî Ido.ond; 46-95 .Orneen <£6 ) Ur. Mutton^ ( Bronze ) Hiss lioqyTSe 41 4 S ll ÄrS6jdo.aud}4«« IheM (£3 J The Jerseys were not quite -so good as in fernier yearn, but it is to be noticed the prize-winning Jerseys were much longer in mHk than the "prizewinning dairy cows. The average of the four prime-winning cows in each class was as follows : Dayl in Milk. So. Breed. milk. lb. oz, 4 Shorihonuand crossbreds 411 «1 St 4 Jetseyt Uti 42 io} The first prize in the heavy-weight class waa won by an extraordinarily good cow belonging to Lord Eayleit/k, named Trefsñl She yielded 72.10 of milk of rich quality, having been in milk seventy-nine days. The «owe were milked dry tm Tuesday evening, and at intervals of twelve hann on Wednesday. Churning took place at noon ¡an Thursday. . Mr. C. W. Sorensen famishes interest- ing'particulars about the yields obtained in a Danish dairy of 137 cows. Tlie ave- rage yield" per cow for the whole herd,i heifers included, was, .for -Che year, 4)632 tb or <MG igallons. The sewerage percentage j of batter-fat was 3.4, Che butter ratio being<7lb milk to llb batter-BI other words, if anule into butter, the milk would have yielded 245Tb of commercial butter per co*-. "The gross value of the produce toalf, brit not manure, included) was £2090, er £16 6s. 3d. per bead, while tile -market value of the tfood consumed (3818 units at gd.) amounted to £10 11s. Md., leaving a. gross profit ef £4 13*. Sd. per head. Ia Denmark artificisl tfeediag has to be very largely resorted to. In 'Australia, where -natural food rs abundant during the greater portion of the year, the jreturn from ea eh cow should be greater in .proportion to thc cost of feeding. The biggest yield of any one cow wa« 10,84* lb, averaging 33 per cent of fat. She wu ten years oM, and gave a net profit of SO 13s. 4d. The smallest yield was 18SJ ft, or 183 gelions, which happened also ?to be the poorest in butter-fat-namely, -2.85 per cent. This apparently undesirable animal was thirteen years sold, and would need to throw a very valuable calf to make good thc nett toss of £5 19s. 4d. on her year's keep and attendance. Tlie richest milk given by any cow in thc herd con- tained 4.65 per cent of fat, Uie yield being only 400 gallons, produced at a loss of £3 Os, 7d.; bad her milk been made into butter, this loss would have been reduced to £1 7s. The practice of keeping records ia sow almost universal in Danish dairies. Among dairy experts there is none has i ¿ad n more intimate connection with the dairying industry thaw Mr. Frank M'Caf frey, now connected with Hie finn of Messrs. Waugh and Josephson, Brisbane. Ile wan bom and brought up on a dairy farm in Kew South Wales ; he engaged in fanning pursuits, and was employed os «lairy expert by the («overmnem, of the colony named, and was judge of the dairies end dairy finnis in thc competitions of lt¡92. In H at capacity he was led to examine thc best dairy farms in, several localities. A few months ago, he iva« neked to act as a judge at the show of thc lismore A. rind H. Society. Complying willi tlie request led to his revisiting the «rene of his former labours, and making rotes of progress made in his absence. Being deeply interested in the progress ot thc dairying industry in his native state he had many thought* upon thc subject. Having opportunity afforded him of venti- lating tho.se bc sot ithem before the public in a scries of articles in thc " Queenslan- der." These liave been reproduced in a i;cat lilllie imniphlet of about eighteen pages, whWi we commend to (Jie attention of onr ixridcTS. He sjienks first of the Richmond Uiver district, and discourses on abe difflcult'e«! of tenant farmers, the im- provement of thc land by liming and drain-j lng, mid the possibilities of daiiying in the ( district. Til» best stock in the bonds of farmers are of the Illawarra stitoin. He Sdances at thc creamery system, and shows ilinself a. rti'idy advocate of the home j BC-riorator, «nd g'ivos half- hearted approba- tion of ike use of ensilage, though he( Admits ¿hat siloing cures and makes edible fodder ritock weald not otherwise cot. De has much io say on dairying on thc Tweed River, and thinks il a mistake that cane mowing there should have been raddy interfered willi. Doiry stock there have rot been improved to the extent aimed nt. but thc introduction of good bulb;, and c-nlling of herds is going on steadily. He sees ikenty of openings on the Tweed River W goo.! homes, but rtutioim intend imr «ettieT in n practical «nd kindly fashion. Th? painpldat, wo understand, may bc liad on application to inc author. " The Northern Miller," published at Minnoaopolis on the 31st of duly, cont.lim a long and interesting article on " Kansas and her Wheats," iby F. D. Coburn, Secre- tary of the Kansas State Board of Agri- culture. While there has been much sus- pense aad speculation in regard t» this year's cre& the writer says, ouc thing is certain ; that Kansas ha« a magnificent acreage, thc first essential ito making pos ' ¿¡ble a subsequent large aggregate pro- duct. Xo better karrest season was ever known than that then closing, and the grain was going into thc stack -and thc separator in a condition never surpassed. The area was 125,000 acres greater than iu 11100 when thc state produced 76,000,000 bushels of wheat from 4,200,000 acres, an average of nearly nineteen bushels per acre. Kansas is famed for its splendid bard red wheat. It was introduced about twenty-five yours ago by Mennonite immi- grants from Southern Russia. Hs hard ninty character made it unpopular with American millers at first, but mills haw been made to deal with it, and thc flour is superior to nearly all others made ia America. Thc liest 'wheat is grown at an average of 1000 feet above sea level. Im- ported seed intended to be as perfect as money could buy, was doe to arrive at an early date. In 1891 the acreage under wheat was 3,733,010 ; product, 58,550, «53 bushels i value, 42,590,7500!) dollars. lit 1000 the acreage was 4,378,533 ; product, 77,330,001 bushels ; value, 41,074,145 dol- lars. Tilt farmers, it will be seen, make up by increased production for the fall in value. The September issue oj the " Agricul- tural Gosettc " of New South Wales is of more than ordinary excellence even for that excellent periodical. There arc up- wards of a score of original articles of the Arst importance to fanners and hus- bandmen generally. Mr. Cobb writes about a root gall which has a. fatal influence on plants of many kind«, and which is increasing in Australia from Bundaberg is Queensland to Adelaide in-tisuth Australia. Once soil has become infested with it there is no getting rid of it. The list of economic plants it attack« shows what a serious pest it may prove. Mr. C. N. Gren- fell, a state school teacher in South Aus- tralia, -with * taste for agricultural ex- periments, hos been doing real good work by comparing thc yields of plump and shrivelled grain, of thick and thin sowing, of -deep and shallow sowing, of irrigation, of sowing carly and late wheat«, and of .feeding down «Ith stock. Plump grain for seed, thin and shallow sowing, irrigation, late sowing, ano all proved to 1» best. Feeding down with stock has no advan- tage. Mr. Froggat has an admirable article on pear .and cherry slugs and Aus- tralian saw Kies. A cancerous disease in the grape vine is discussed hy Mr. Blumo. The Tesuits of experiments for thc destruc- tion of scale pests is carefully related hy Mr. Allen, and the opinions of orchardists »n fumigation are freely given. Mr. Farrer bas an interesting paper on thick and thin seeding ; and Mr. Blaxland, Murinbin, con- tributes an cxcclltnt article on Angora» goats. Thc general and other notes are as usual precise and useful. Thc introductory notre ¡n thc " .Tour nai (A Agriculture'' of South Australia «re n Urn jo Inter** ting and instructive, and Ute contributions of thc Inspector of Fertilisera arc always useful. Mr. Summers throws cut suggestions for more experimental \icrk, that Midcrtakci by farmers and school teachers having been attended with good results. Mr. Thomson gives valu- able instruction to milk and cream sup- pliers. The poultry notes, farm hints, and orchard notes arc oil excellent. Mr. Kriehcaun" writes on the cultivation of oranges, and Mr. Quin on spraying fruit trees in bloom. Reports of branch bureau? r.re always interesting. 