NEWS.- OF THE DAY. Now that the Federal Cabinet is begin ning the task of preparing its liscal policy, the time is opportune for a thorough recon sideration of the salient facts and special features on ivhicli that policy must neces sarily be based. We publish in "The !Age" t'o-day the first of a series of special; articles, which iill deal with . this subject in ,.nn- exhaustive manner. I he object is to lift what has- hitherto been a colonial question into, the region of Fede ral politics. In the future there can be no State tariff; it must be an Australian one, and so generously and broadly framed that it will do equal justice to the Queensland sugar grower, to the Perth manufacturer, and to air who come between. The great aim in .all such studies should be to ascer tain, first, the real circumstances as they exist, and secondly, their true meaning, livery elector in the whole Commonwealth has an actual monetary interest in the solu tion and final settlement of this problem. "The Age" articles will aim at pre senting such concrete examples of fact as may serve the purpose of protectionist plat form ''speakers throughout the whole cam paign that is j before us. And in this con nection it niuy be remarked that accuracy is the very first And indispensable element of usefulness. Mr.' Reid and his satellites have given some "shocking examples", in the shape of false price lists and doctored statistics. They have served only to make the un thinking- free-trader laugh and the. judicious grieve. By taking a dozen , or so. of the most important -phases which enter' into the 'Australian controversy we hope to render a service to the Federation at a junc ture when that service perhaps may be vital. . Recognising the .importance of the Vic torian export, trade in butter, the. Minister of Agriculture, Mr. Morrissey,. expresses a determination to do all in his power to ex pand its volume and secure an improve ment in prices, and he has been much im pressed by ah article which appeared in "The Age" yesterday relative to shipments from New South AValos. It was pointed out in the article in question that there is no in spection, no grading of the butter from New South Wales, and that the inferior methods of shipment, as well as the inferior butter shipped at Sydney, constitute a grave .dan ger to Victorian producers. Butter from .both States goes home in the. same cham bers, and it was suggested that possibly the small proportion- of Victorian butter reported "fishy" is damaged by contact with the 'New South Wales article. Mr. .Morrissey has decided to call for a report 'on the subject from Mr! Croive, the Govern ment dairy expert, who will be requested to state whether, in his opinion, 'shipments from New South Wales and Victoria should be kept in separate chambers. At the same I time Mr. Crowe will be asked to furnish a report as to the percentage of Victorian butter which only realises second grade prices on the London market. The infor- mation will be of assistance to Mr. Morris- ,se.v in framing his Export of Products Act Amendment Bill, and he feels that if lie can only succeed in bringing about an im provement in the quality so as to raise, the second to the first grade he will have ac complished' a good work. The land at Moreland which was acquired by the late Government for the establish ment of workmen's homes will shortly be made available, for settlement. Mr. Dug- gan, Minister of Lands, states that the estate is now being pegged out by the . offi cers of the Survey department, and that he. has practically completed the regula tions under which allotments will be made available. As soon as these have been. ap proved by the Governor in Council,, forms of application will be obtainable.- It is' an ticipated that everything will be in readi ness for the receipt of applications within the next fourteen days. The subdivision of the Whitfield Estate, near Wangaratta, which has also been purchased by the State- for closer settlement purposes, is being- -pushed on. . Mr. Duggan, accompanied by the Surveyor-General, Mr. Reed, left Mel- jbourne. for Whitfield by the express last night; During his visit the Minister will make a careful, inspection of the. property' with a view of seeing, that in the subdivis ion the indifferent patches are fairly distri buted. An effort will be made to tlirOw open the blocks for application in time to enable farmers to take advantage of the- forthcoming season. One of the recommendations of the Mines Ventilation Board was that the district in spectors should be provided with instru ments' to enable them to carefully test the air in mines visited by them, aiid that they should report from time, to lime to the de partment.. Something is at last being done by the Mines department to give effect to this recommendation.. The Secretary, Mr. J. TraVisr states that the inspectors have been supplied with the necessary outfit, and that early, last month they received instructions that when vjsitiug mines in their respective districts they should make careful tests of the air conditions below ground. Reports relating to these tests are now being re ceived. It is hardly necessary to state they show that in many cases the requirements of section 135 of the Mines Act, which deals with the ventilation of mines, arc not being caried out. Mr. Travis states that the de partment is determined to enforce the pro visions of this section in every instance, and that with that object in view legal proceed ings are likely to be launched at an early dale. Mr. J..W. Rail, .who ..returned by the R.M.S. Orient from the Cape, where he bad resided for four years, makes the following remarks in reference to the Soutfh African labor market:— "I wish to impress on arti sans and miners the fact tbat it ia absolute- ly useless to go to -South Africa for many months to come fn'-sedrch of work. South Africa is an expensive place to live in, and I wish to prevent undue privations through too early movements on the part of those intending to settle either permanently or temporarily there. To show this more clearly, I may mention that through the goodness of the High Commissioner several passages home have been secured by re turning miners in destitute, circumstances. It is useless, therefore, to leave Australia for South Africa with the hope of securing employment at the present tiin;e. 'No doubt Johannesburg will go ahead by leaps and bounds after the war, but the interregnum will be considerable, and this must be taken into account.", ' Colonel Hoad, A.A.G.; states that there is a vacancy oft the permanent Btaff for nn officer of militia infantry. Applications from officers desirous of being appointed thereto will bo received by him at Victoria Barracks up to and inclusive of 14th Jauu- ary next. Philatelists are informed by the Victorian Postal department that a set of Victorian postage and postage due stamps of all de nominations, from OJd. to 20/, including post cards, envelopes and newspaper wrap pers, may be purchased for £1. The full set, from Old. to £100, may be obtained for £5; and a separate set of postage due for 5/. The stamps will be cancelled oithci' by post mark or by being marked "specimen," as the purchaser may desire, and can be procured on application to the Comptroller of Stamps, General Post Office, Melbourne. Clause 117 of the Commonwealth Act roads: — "A subject of the Queen, resident in uny Stale, shall not be subject in any other State to any disability or discrimination which would not be equally applicable, to him if lie were a subject of the Queen resi dent in such other State." The purport of this, as explained by -Dr. Wollaston yester day, is that a Chinese bom in Victoria, being a subject of the Queen, and any Chin ese who has become naturalised in Victoria, will under fcdcratidn be able to live any where in any of the States of the Common wealth without being Bubject to a poll tax. A Chinese who was liorn in Victorian will therefore be able to pass into New South Wales, in which the £100 poll tax is in force, without being obliged to pay the tax. At first' the New South Wales authoritcs were not disposed to admit this interpretation of the clause, but within the last few days they have had to confess that the constitu tion must be read in accordance therewith. But the number of naturalised Chinese in Victoria is small, naturalisation having been stopped for close upon 12 years. In. connection with the announcement that the New South Wales Government is at. last prepared to construct the Wcnt- wortli railway to join the Mildura line at the border, Mr. Rennick, the railway engi neer, yesterday stated that a survey had been made between Yclta.and the New South Wales boundary with a view to testing the feasibility of a connection with the Wcntworth line. This was as far as any practical scheme had gone on the Vic torian side of the border. The bridge over the river, Mr. Rennick added,, would be a pretty heavy item' when the question of the cost of a railway to tap the Darlingvtrade was gone into. At, present the Darling trade is largely carried by river boats, though much of it has been of recent years diverted to the Boufke and other New South A Vales lines. To-day the Board of Health will be asked to pass resolutions authorising the corps of inspectors recently taken over from the Customs department . to administer the provisions of the new wine act. As yet no regulations have been drawn up, Dr. Uress- well relying upon the promiscuous visits of tlie inspectors to vignerons' cellars, mer chants' shops and other depots in search of samples, to secure the protection of the public against adulterated wine. The chair man of the Board of Health is resolved to energetically administer the act, and has carefully instructed the inspectors with a view , to securing for the community the safety which the measure js designed to produce. The. Railway department has arranged, a jseri.es. of -exoursionsl.from arid ito iMelbourne in connection with the double event of the; A.N. A. national fete on 20th and 28th inst., and the arrival of the Imperial troops from Sydney. The excursion train's begin running on 23rd, and -will continue to be run to and from various, country centres down to 28th January. The complaints of the Wyndham shire council with respect to ithe closing of a public road at Laverton, owing to the land 'through which it passed being included in the new powder magazine reserve, are, it seems, made somewhat late in the day. The closing of the road and the substitution of a new, one .were provided for in the Powder Magazine Act which was passed in Novem ber, 1898. It is only, therefore, after the expiration of over four years that serious objection is raised. Mr. Hake, the Chief Inspector of Explosives, states that all that is wanted to render the now road satisfac tory 'is a bridge to pass over a depression . which allows water from a lagoon to over flow in the winter. This bridge would cost, 'perhaps, about £200. An attempt was likely to be made to' obtain this sum, or the amount required for the bridge, from the money set aside for the powder magazine re serve. This demand it would be-liis duty to oppose at any rate until the reserve was finished and- it was ascertained, whether any balance remained after the completion of necessary works therein. Mr. Hakefcx- ,pects to be able to transfer tlie. gun powder at Maribymong to the new reserve, about the end of next month. The composition of the New Zealand Federal Commission does not find entire fa vor with the press of that colony. The "Lyttclton Times" makes the following ob servations:— "We cannot protest too strongly against the use of such a commis sion for rewarding political services. It must be remembered that the destiny of tlie colony may be affected for. all time by the work of the commission. . Its report will 'exercise tremendous influence on public opinion; indeed, it will practically shape public opinion with regard to Federation. At present there is no public feeling on tlie question, and we all look to this commis sion for instruction and guidance. Not only our immediate attitude witli regard to tlie Commonwealth, but also to our whole sub sequent policy, commercial and political, will be affected by. its deliberations. It is therefore unwise in tlie extreme for tlie Government to pack it with unqualified and unsuitable men. The "Otago Daily Times" observes that it is impossible to contem plate the personnel of the commission without a certain amount of disappointment and dissatisfaction. In the opinion of the Austrian General Rutzcnhofer, who gave alecture in Vienna- the other day on the war, no change in military science will be tlie outcome of the lessons taught by., our South African ex perience. lie is also sceptical about any genuine reorganisation of (lie British army eing' Undertaken. General Ratzenhofer, according to an account of his' lecture in the "Times," was chiefly impressed by our achievement in transporting nearly 250,000 "troops aiid 70,000 horses and mules to a dis tant qunrter of the globe, involving a voy age of some 26 days. "The commissariat service and the maintenance of tlie com munications at the seat of war were also splendid achievements." He has formed but a -poor' opinion," however, of the British pri vate soldier, who, he says, "manifests out little of the superiority of the British people." .Curiously enough, on the other liahd) he holds' that our aniiy has excellent officers'. The' general opinion on the Conti nent is just the opposite— that tlie English private is splendid and his regimental officer contemptible. The Austrian General adds, however, that the spirit of enterprise and reckless daring of the officers produced "a lack of tactical foresight in the leading of the troops, who failed to carry out their .task owing to tlie heavy losses among their officers." Lord Carrington, in a speech recently de livered at Liverpool/referred to his visit to New Zealand ten years ago, and said that Then he foiind "the same good feeling to wards England, but a feeling as regards federation entirely different from what it was in Australia. The people were very outspoken, and freely expressed their mis trust of the idea. They generally said, 'We don't want to be bossed by Australia, our destiny is entirely differed. We live 1200 miles off. Australians are different, from us— tliey drink wine and. live in tlie sunshine of a warm climate like the south ern nations of Europe. Here in New Zea land we keen the British characteristics more definitely. AVe drink whisky and ale. AVe work hard. AVc mean to he tjie Eng land of the South. AVc mean to command the carrying trade of the South Pacific, and to become the Great Britain of the South ern Seas.' " | "Sp imbued are most people with the idea that germs of bacteria are always evil in their functions that it will come as a sur prise to them to learn that there are many kinds of beneficent bacteria. AVc -seem to hear of none but the deadly forms, the- ter rifying plague bacillus, or; that which in duces consumption, the insidious water-fre- quenting germ of typhoid, or the bacillus of diphtheria, as well as those germs, as yet in obscurity, of senriet fever, small-pox and similar complaints. The more familiar we become with them the more we dislike them. -Yet 'the popular idea hatf grasped only the seamy side, so to speak, of these hosts of tiny organisms, and. lias coramoidy missed the benevolent part played by many kinds of bacteria, which are as nuincrous as those more noxious kinds. Who, for in- sliurtie would suppose," remarks "St. James's Budget," " after being so' often wnmcd to 'boil the milk' with the fear of germs before his eyes, tKat pure cultures of certain genns are regularly used in the production of butter,' used nctuallv for 'ripening cream? The old fashioned but ter maker no doubt scorns the idea. A visit, however, to the great land of liuttor mak ing, and dairying, Denmark, to wit, will show that about 05 per cent, of these far mers have taken advantage of the modern discovery that the flavor of butter, is due to the action of certain germs. These bac teria are prcpared by properly trained bac teriologists, and the pure cultures arc known in common parlance as cream 'starters.' It is now established that where, as in Den mark, perfect cleanliness and purity of me thod arc employed in making butter, tlie use of these 'starters' ensures uniformity of flavor and quality. Little has tlie English housewife suspected tlint this is the reason why she has snfch a good opinion of Danish butter; and this is one of the reasons why the Danish farmers have secured the proud position of being the host butter makers in Europe." Mr. Clement L. AVragge, Government Meteorologist of Queensland, who is at pre, sent on a visit to_ England, in a lecture be fore the Imperial Institute, upon the Queensland weather bureau and its rela tion to mil- natural resources, said that every piiysiographical feature, every lull top, every slope, cooli forest track, valley, plain and coast line had its own peculiar local climate, which laid to be investigated in pastoral, agricultural, horticultural and especially 'hygienic interests. Different plants and seeds required different tempe ratures and conditions in which to .thrive and germinate. A knowledge of tlie distri bution of rainfall was also of the first im portance; and lie advocated the American system of hoisting flags of different designs and colors nt the telegraph offices of every town for the rapid dissemination of weather warnings. The comparison of simultaneous observations of the upper regions of the air made at mountain observatories witli those made at the nearest point on the sea level were of great value, as meteorologists were thus, enabled to sound practically vertical sections of the atmosphere. The value of technical education, and the great attention given to the subject on the Continent, wus prominently brought under notice at a meeting of tlie Yorkshire Asso ciation for the Promotion of Commercial Education, held at Leeds, by Mr. P. E. J. Hemelryk, vice-president ot tlie Liverpool Chamber of Commerce, who said Unit stu dents entering a commercial school should know at least two foreign liiod'crn languages, aiid be sufficiently advanced in general know ledge to be able to familiarise themselves with tlie special commercial terms and ex pressions, tlie customs, laws and idiosyn crasies of tlie trade of any country tlie lunguage of which - they wore studying. While in tlie preliminary classes of the school tliey should acquire considerable commercial knowledge. They would then be prepared for the teaching of tlie bureau, and would be engaged, so to speak, in actual commerce. -- Tliey. would be taught all. tlie work of a commercial office, from the lowest to the highest branch, and would, at the same time, receive instruc tion in chemistry, modern history,- political economy, and commercial law, so that tliey would gradually realise how everything 'that happened in the world— polities, climatic changes, inventions, rise and fall of tlie money market and fiscal laws— affected the price, of tlie particular article of produce in which they dealt. Tin's course of instruc tion was actually carried out in a number of commercial schools on tlie Continent witli the greatest success. Tlie object to fie aimed lit was to enable a young man, after having studied nt a coinmerciiu school for two or three years, and having gone through tlie bureau, to enter nny business, and after a couple of years, aided by his commercial training, to be ready to take-up a position of trust and responsibility. . . There should ho a commercial school witli its bureau 'in every loading city of Great Britain, and it should be independent of, but closely allied to, a University. AVe have received from Sands and M'Dou- gall Limited a copy of the "Melbourne Director'" for 1001. The increase in tlie number of householders is shown iii the greatly increased bulk of tlie' present issue. It, as usual, contains a large amount of general information so condensed that fog! speedy reference il'iB-indispeusiibJe for busi ness 'and: professional- inen-.-'Tliei'maji'Iias: been corrected to date, and altogether the work is most creditable to the publishers. Mr. G. IT. Reid, M.L. A., will open the free-trade Htumpmg tour in Victoria by de livering a speech at the Richmond town hall on Monday, 21st inst. He will then visit Bendigo, Lchuca and Iverang, and will address a monster meeting in the Mel bourne Town Hall on Friday, 25th 'inst. The Melbourne Hospital committee yes terday adopted new regulations, under which .the employes of the 'institution will be controlled by a sub-committee called the staff committee. The oiew rhles result from an investigation made some time ago into causes of dissatisfaction on the nursing staff. Several applications including some from England, for the position of lady superin tendent, were considered. The final selec tion will probably be made at a meeting on Thursday evening; The Curlews' ; moonlight trip on the steamer Jlygeia will take place to-night, leaving Port Melbourne pier at 8 o'clock. A public meeting will be held by tlie Trades Ilall Political Council in the Mechanics' Hall, Footscniy, at 8 o'clock this evening. Mr. Geo. V. Allen, general secretary of the lien- digo Exhibition, advertises elsewhere for the supply of 10W) tree ferns and other decorative plants. An important meeting, of shop assistants will ho held to-night at' the Friendly Societies' Hall, North Melbourne, to consider the questions of half holiday and wages board. The Metropolitan Choral Society is giving a grand Commonwealth' concert and coffee supper at the Immigrants' lloine, Jtoyal Park, on Wed nesday, icth January. The mayor of Brunswick will preside. To-day's auctions comprise " the following;—. James A. Wise, Collins-street, at 11— Furniture, hooks, office furniture and bicycles. Beauchamn Bros., Collins-street, at 10— Furniture, fcc.; at I.30— Pianos, organ, . bicycles, dog cart, saddle, Ac. ; and at 2 — Three biliard tables. J. Lyons and Co., Queen-street, at 11— Unredeemed pledges (jewellery, . opera glasses, .guns, ; clothing, kc.). Campbell nnd Sons, Kirk's Bazaar, at 12— Horses. Gohlsbrough, Mort and Co., Limited, Bourke- street, at 11— Grain. New Zealand Loan and Mcr- cantile Agency Co. Limited, Collins-street,' at H-SO— Drain. Daylce and Co., Collins-Htrect, lit 11— Watches, jewellery; field- glasses, &e.; 'J' It B. Morton and Cogliill, Box Hill Market, nt 1.30— Cattle, horses, vehicles, harness, pigs, poultry, &c; G,' H: APPjc'on Jwith A. Maepherson), Norinanbyl street, Middle Brighton, ut 30.30— Furniture and .t8'„ B' Crockot and Co., Capel-strect, 1) Ct ' e.ll,0l;rr<V ?' 2r Furniture und effects. J.. II. Watkin, High-street; St. Hilda, at 2.30— Furni. lure and effects. 