^he 'Week'i *€aMe$. i [Bedter's Messages.] I Joliann Most was again arrested for haranguing crowds. The New Zealand Shipping Company has declared a dividend of 5 per cent. A French naval demonstration is expected to take place in Turkish waters. Five thousand young man have applied become vjarnegic sluuuuls iu ouonimu. In tho absence of evidence, nine anarchists arrested at Chicago have been discharged. It is reported that King Edward will be crowned Emperor of Hindost.m at Delhi in 1902. Four additional 6iu. quick- firers are being mounted on the first-class cruisers Terrible and Powerful. All tho strikers in the steel works of the United States have resumed work exeeptthetinplate workers. The incidents connected with the German Em: peror's visit to Wysztzen have caused a sensation in Franco. Chemical and bacteriological examinations of CzolgoJz's revolver failed to reveal any poison in the bullets. The bulk shipment of wheat from Sydney by the steamer Persic carried excellently. There were no signs of it shifting. The Venezueland army has been badly defeated by the Columbian Government troops and General Echerenia was captured. I King Edward has visited King Oscar of Sweden at the Swedish port of Helsingborg, opposite the Danish royal residence of Elsinore. The report of the Bank of Australasia shows that the deposits amount to .£13,971,890; cash securities, .£5,605,007; bills, .£13,793,426. General the Duke of Connaught has been appointed to the command of the Third Army Corps district, ?whose headquarters are at Curragh, Ireland. A steamer with 180 tourists on board has returned to Marseilles. Two of tho crew are suffering from the plague. The steamer has been quarantined. At their recent meeting tho Czar and President Loubot tliseussed the difficulty between France and the Saltan, also the recent Armenian massacres. King Edward and Queen Alexandra have left Elsinore, Denmark, and are proceeding to Bngland on the Royal yacht Osborne. They are voyaging via Kiel. The Immigration Officers of the United States of America are deporting steerage passengers who are not provided with passports and papers of citizenship. George Thompson and Charles MacNelly, on a charge of defrauding Mrs. Annis Renwick, a widow, ef Bqurke- street, Melbourne, were last week sentenced to five years' penal servitude. Barnes, of Lancashire, completes MacLaren's team for Australia. In first-clasB cricket this season he has only bowled in one match. He took six wickets with an average of 16 runs per wicket. Mr. Bernacchi, who is a member of the scientific staff of the Antarctic exploring ship Discovery, has sailed for Melbourne. He has been studying in German meteorological and magnetic stations. Mr. Chamberlain lias informed the Steamship ?Owners' Association that he is in telegraphic com munication with the Earl of Hopetoun respecting tho Inter-Stato Commission Bill of the Common wealth. ; :- At tho auction sales of Australasian tallow this week 1750 casks were offered, and 1450 icasks were sold. Prices realised wore as follows : Fine mutton, 32s 9d ; medium mutton, 29s 6d ; fine', beef 32s 9d ; I medium beef, 29s cwt. Owing to the brake of a train carrying petroleum refusing to act, the train escaped from control and collided with an express train at Palota, Roumania, The cars of the express train became telescoped, and of the 38 passengers 32 were killed. Further rioting has taken place at Grimsby in connection with the strike of fishermen. The police charged and used their batons on the mob. Troops have been summoned to the town, though it is believed that the worst of the rioting is over. Diplomatists contrast the pacific, principles pro claimed by the Czar and President Loubet with the prominenco assigned to the Army and Navy during the visit. The German Press declares France must now recognise that, as the ally of Russia, she cannot remain the enemy of Germany. The Commercial Pacific Cable Company,' with n capital of 100, OOOdol. (£20,000), has been formed at Albany, United States, to connect by a cable California with Honolulu and the Philippines. The company proposes to construct the cable without a subsidy and without a guarantee. It is reported that Fronch cruisers prevented a con fiictbetwuen the Venezuelan and Columbian gunboats. The Temps, a Paris journal, explains that a French cruiser, in the absence of a notification of war be tween 'Venezuela and Colombia, merely protected a French chartered steamer which was landing troops of the Colombian Government. The distress caused by the floods on the Yangtze Kiang is harrowing. Ten million people are home loss. Civil disturbances are feared owing to the sufferings of tho people. [The Yangtsze floods com menced in June, when 4000 people wore drowned. At the end of August immonse loss of life had taken place, and much distress was foreshadowed.] ; Major-General Sir H..J. T. Hildyard has declined the position of Commandant of the Forces of tho Australian Commonwealth. [The choice of the Government is now believed to rest between Colonel Sir Hector MacDonald and Colonel Sir E. T. H. Hutton. The appointment of the latter is strongly favoured by several members of the Cabinet.] The German Emperor himself carried the Czar's gift of 5000 roubles (-£500) t® the Russian frontier town of Wysztzteu, which is on the borders of East Prussia, and which ' was recently burned. The Emperor William, in a speech to the citizens, eulo gised the solicitude of the Czar, and raised cheers in tho Russian language for his Imperial Majesty. During the Netherlands military manoeuvres, in the province of Limbnrg, a motor car overturned and its occupants, foreign military attaches, were in in rod Tf. 10 fo.i.iWI 4-l,n Belgian military attaches arejfatally injured. The accldentloccurred at|the village of Valkenburg. The automobile became unmanageable when descending a hill, and striking an arch threw its occupants against a wall. Tho captain of the Dutch staff received a fractured skull, and the German military attache received a fracture of one of his legs, fractures of his ribs, and a fracture of one of his jaws. In comiection . with tho Alfred Millenary the statue of King Alfred at Winchester was unveiled on Sunday by the Earl of Rosebery, who described King Alfred as tho ideal Englishman, a perfect Sovereign, and the pioneer of England's greatness. The Earl of Rosebery mado graceful mention of the ancestry of.the Americans, who, he said ' across tho centuries, in moments of stress and sorrow, irresistibly join hands with.us.' Earl Beauchamp, Mr. James Stirling of Victoria, Mr. R. Murray' Smith, M.L.A., of Victoria, Professor Jethro Brown, formerly of Tasmania, and Lord Brassey, attended the cele brations. ... Tho. holding of an Australian and New Zealand Exhibition at Earl's Ccurt in 1903 iB projected under the auspices of the Australasian Chamber of Com merce of London. Tho exhibition will not be held unless all the States ? of tho Commonwealth are re presented. A large guarantee fund is being organ ised for the purpose of carrying out the exnibitioii. All the Agents- General have approved of tho scheme except Sir Horace Toner of 'Queensland, and Mr. W. .P. Reeves of New, Zealand, both' of whom are absent from. London. Tho Agents-G eneral, however, have' not committed their Governments, to . the project, . Influential support has been obtnined from aristo crats, bankers, and commercial men, and it is hoped that the Chambers of Commerce of Australia and New Zealand will co-operate in the movement. Itis confidently anticipated that the King will grant -his patronage to the exhibition. In tho cricket season just closed two records were broken. The aggregate score of each of nine bats men exceeded two thousand runs, and eleven bats mon made an average of over fifty runs per innings. Tho following are tho aggregate scores and the averages of some of the principal cricketers : — Abel, aggregate 3309 runs, average 55; Fry, aggregate 3147, average 78 ; *Tyldes!ey, aggregate 3041, average 55; *Hayward, aggregate 2535, average 50; Ranjitsinhji, aggregate 2468, average 70; *Quaife, average 56 ; *M'Gahey, 48 ; *Jones, 46 ; *Jessop, 40 ; 'Lilley, 39 ; *Gunn, 36 ; *Braund, 36 ; *Gar nett, 35; s-MacLaren, 31 ; *Robson, 15 ; #Blythe, 6. Tho bowling averages are : — Rhodes, 251 wickets, average 15 runs per wicket; Hirst, 183 wickets, ' average 16 runs per wicket ; *Haywr.rd, 30 wickots, average 20 runs per wicket; #Blythe, 93 wickets, 23 runs per wickct ; *Quaife, 44 wickets, 23 runs per wicket; *Gunn, 92 wickets, 23 runs per wicket; * Jones, 56 wiekets, 27 runs per wicket ; *M'Gahey, 52 wickets, 28 runs per wicket ; *Braund, 120, wickets, 30 runs per wicket; *Jessop, 29 wickots, 31 runs per wicket ; ''Barnes, 6 wickets, 16 runs per wieket. #Member of MacLaren's team. 