"LIVING OUT." FOR DUMI3STIC SERVANTS. thk VIEW IN LONDON. Mirny mistresses, harassed by domes tic trials, will read with mixed feelings of envy and misgivings the account of that lady who was unconventional enough to advertise for ft servant tor. j her flat at Chancery lane, "to live out," j offering half-a-soverolgn a week and . dally board, and (vho was able to make i choice from among a hundred and twenty eager applicants. Within the last few weeks the question of "living j in" for shop assistants, both male and i female, has been widely discussc-d, and although opinions arc divided on the subject, it would appear that the mi- ; Jority are In favor of tlio freedom to be enjoyed away from their employers' ; premises. But if the domestic servant, j who Is at the present moment the most : independent factor in the labor world, by reason of the vast excess of demand j over supply. Is going to 'solve the prob lem in her own way by declining situa tions unless she may '.'live out," then, Indeed. Is a revolution pending In the conduct of the British household. For some time past observers have noted a . tendency in tlie direction of "day ser- . vice," under which phrase is covered a higher order of charwoman's duties, and ( It js a fact that at some of the ladies' .-clubs there has never been the slightest difficulty In obtaining first-rate watt- j reuses and parlormaids, as none of i these were expected or wanted to "live j in." But in making known her experi- | ence, the dweller In the not very bright j or attractive centre of the legal commu nity lias drawn attention to a some what new phase of the movement. Till-; ItESTBICTION PROBLEM. Probably no one In tlu» kingdom la in closer touch with nervatits and their in terests than Mrs Yorke-Smith, who has not only been for several years a worker ; specially concerned with this class upon the council »C the Girls' Friendly So ciety, but Is the foundress and honorary secretary of tlie Associated Guild of Registries, which has done, and is do ing, so much to suppress the fraudulent people who prey alike upon mistresses and maids. In her experienced opinion "living out" is a real demand on the part of young women, of which very much more will be hoard in the near future, and it is likely most materially to affect the economics of tlie house. At the present moment, as site points out, there are still a certain number of cap able cooks,, housemaids, and children's nurses, who entered service a few years ago, and who, provided they obtain good wages, easy places, ami comfortable surroundings, are satisfied with things as they are. But it is now well-nigh an impossibility to induce a young girl, save from a poor-law school or orphan age, to go into n situation as "up and down girl," '"twecninald," or whatever designation may be applied to her in this apprenticeship stage. And in all cases the reason given ir. the same, namely, that "living in" and the restric tions us to evenings out are irksome, In many instances a girl will admit that she would greatly prefer tlie work of a well-ordered situation lo the fancy box- making, the cartridge-filling, or even the ill-paid typewriting she is doing, but with these, as she will explain, she at least knows her hours of labor, and that when they are over Iter time is her own, while she is at liberty to go out with her own friends. THE MEAL DIFFICULTY. The average mistress Is an Intensely conservative person, and the suggestion of such an innovation as "living out" will cause her to conjure up visions of all the terrible dangers to which such a course would expose her servants. But she forgets that tlie modern young wo man works daily in a warehouse or fac tory, and Is bright, happy, well eon- ducted, aud industrious withal. Put ting asjdc ait perhaps rather unduly boisterous of manners and speech some of those following tho worse-paid of vo cations, tho girls employed in the mul tifarious industries of London compare satisfactorily in character und other womanly attributes with those of the domestic servant class. Of course, be fore "living out" became practicable there would have to be many modifica tions, especially with regard to hours. At a congress of earnest ladies some time since one sympathetic speaker touched. on this point, und commented on the want of consideration of those who expected their maids to bo up early and go to bed late, when the plaintive inquiry was put by one listener, "JJut who will get us our tea In the morn ings?" The question (hen remained un answered, but it. would seem that tlie dllllculty of providing breakfasts, not to mention luncheons and dinners, is likely before long to he lessened, in some of the residential districts nf Tendon at least, by the Introduction of distributive kitchens. Already Manchester lias led tha way in this direction, and an effort upon a limited scale exists In the metro polis. With the abolition of the kitchen the working hours of an ordinary house hold might be made to approximate much more to trades union ideals, and to fall within the limits that a servant "living out" could manage. VARIOUS SUGGESTIONS, Among various suggestions put for ward In the course of inquiries on the subject was one of founding a "House Girls' Brigade" oh tlie lines that have been so successful with Die institution for lads established by the iatc Glana Lady Wolvcrton several yours ago. Boys now are so seareo that even the District Messengers' Company are com pelled at times to employ their sisters, and It is stated that there is no diffi culty in obtaining girls on leaving school for anything except actual "liv- lng- in"servUs?. In this way they would both learn the elements of domestic work and accustom mistresses to the Idea of dally servants. It is interesting also to learn that in the North of Eng land there has been a considerable im migration of Danish servants of lute. These young women arrive absolutely ignorant of English, or of household ways in this country, nnd willingly at first accept extremely low wages. They devote themselves usolduously to learn ing both, but Just ns the unfortunalo housewife is beginning to congratulate herself on possessing a really compe- | tent and hard-working help, they show their business instinct by leaving, and ' in the next situation demanding wageq I on the same scale us Englishwomen, j Thoughtful students of the present Uuy I problems of feminine employment j would welcome uny movement that would bring a large proportion of tlio youug women who must work for their I dully bread buck to domestic service, for their marked avoidande of It upsets tlio balance of the whole market of female i labor, causing excessive competition in | the vocations more popular with them, i All. however, aro agreed that if service ' Is to regain its position as the lirst ono for the sex. It must adjust Itself to meet the changing social machinery, und that tlio o)U-fJishioned methods of dnys when there were no alternative openings for women will never uguin be accepted. 