RURAL TOPICS. The condition of the cereal crops in the northern districts lias been slightly im proved by the rains of last week, but- there is still every reason to fear disaster unless a copious downpour occurs within the nest few days. The farmer whce crop pros pects point to a three or four bushel yield is the envy of hie district; a probable two-bushel yield is considered most satis factory, and the majority of cultivators in the districts where the drought has been most severely felt will be gkd if they get sufficient gra-in to provide flour for the year and seed for next season's ci®p. Of course, it is still possible that good rains may come in time to produce a better crop than is now anticipated, and also cause a growth of grans that will be BuSkient to maintain working horses, but the prospects are becoming more gloomy every day, and no one seennt to take a hopeful view of the situation. Stock are beiflg sent to' the coastal districts as nuickly as roorii cart be found for them. This is the only chance of saving the remnant that ie left. The New Zealand Parliamentary commit tee which has been inquiring into the posi tion of the frozen meat trade reports that llie chief evil in connection with the Bale j of frozen meat in London and other ] ! markets of the United Kingdom appears to j be that it is within the power of individual owners, salesmen, or agents to weaken and ! cause a derided slump in the market through placing quantities of mutton or jamb upon it at inopportune limes, and at I less than the current rat en. The trade 1 would never he on a sound footing until '< a central board is appointed in London with power to fix the price' from day to ! day, and thus regulate and control safles. The question of Government assistance to the industry should, in the opinion of the committee, be considered bv a Royal commission. Messrp. R. Stapykon Breo and C<>.. of Hamilton, in conjunction with Messrs. Laiil law" and Fenton, and Messrs. Thornton. Palmer, and Co.. announce in our bnsmeFs columns that, uader instructions from Mr. S. Winter Cooke, they will offer for .sale, on October 23, the fattening paddoekn of the Mnrndal lkiatc, consisting of .'J.328 acres. The land is situated in Gipsy's Valley, and adjoining the well-known estate^ Tahara ana Oraasdale. It is 22 miles from Hamil ton', five from Merino, 10 from Coleraine, three and a half from Qrassdale railwav starion, and 12?. from Branxholme. T{»e land in of the richest description, and well adapted for grazing, dairying, and agricul ture. It is well watered by springs, raser Yoifa, damn, and creeks, and the average is 23 inches. The sale will he held in tKo Hamilton, and. the auc tioneers announce mat *?. 1S '01' a"" golitte Rale. Our New York oonoppondont writes: - We Aro very fortunate in our crops. Last year's record-breaking yield of wheat (748,000,000 bushels) i* not equalled this fear, it v true, but wv shall hnvo about 660,000,000, and the annual average for six Jean* immediately piwceding 1901 was only S30;000,000. The greatest of our agricuf tuVal triumphs will be in the cornfields, if untimely frosts do not iuterfere. Official rej>ortw point now to the harvesting of 3.590,000,000 busl>els, an unprecedented cro}), tm. greatest yield hcfdtoforc having been 2,2S3/)00,600, while the average fpr six fears immediately preceding 1901 was 2,090,000.000. Last ytar we lia^ested only 1,522,000.000. Of the decrease of 106,000,000 dollars in btir' ejeporta fM the hsdal year ended on June 30 last, 83,000,000 dol lars is easily traced to fliis shortage in the Aotfi crfiu/iVhieh affected the shipments (and iVi^str) not diily Of eoriu but also of beef, biigf <90HJe, And oAtfr. The enormous erop flow ^iwmteed' fl'ill ensure large exports of the grain itself. and also of the meats and SWaF orridocte int-o which com ife trans formejf en llie'fattti. At the same tifoetho fecordfor ilWyield of oafs is broken by a «roi> at nearly 000,000.000 butehels year), a total of 800,060,000 hftViug been exceeded only twice in tile .past. TJte donditoiti' of BigriBaltu^e will probably, fijiasiciersand i&ulti-i; fnflpoteBiiNfc to* jSFtfceed vrttb<*it mm.uai\ tiig profitable consolidation of railways and' industrial concerns. By the s.s. Afistral the Department of Agriculture, beta shipped, 1,4S3 cratesof frozen rabbits and. hares. - - Contracts have been made for New Zea land butter for shipment to London ut 106/ per cwt., eost, freight, and insurance, delivery extending until May, 1003. The first consignment of wool for the season arrived at Hamilton, from the Ful ham Estate, near Balmoral, on September 26, and was forwarded' to Melbourne the .following day. It was made up of 62 bales, I and the wool has-arrived much earlier than in former years. . The production of butter in Victoria is increasing, but it is still considerably below what it was At tbd corresponding time last year. The difference is principally due to the northern and North-Eastern 'districts, and slightly to the Western district, but Grippaland is doing well. No definite arrangements have yet been made .for the comtneneement of shipments to London:. The earliest possible date would be the 21st October, but whether the j Arcadia, whiefe will leave oil that date, will take any butter cattBot yet be stated. Very j much wifl depend' upon the demand for 1 other states a"hd for South Africa as the i market deefmes, Tlie smaller supplies of butter and frozen meat likely to fee received at the Flinders street refrigerating works this season enable tltc Department of Agriculture to use more of the coltjl store accommodalion for eggs,! which are being placed in cold store on a far larger scale than last year. The effect of storage, it need hardly lie stated, is to prevent the market from falling so low, when supplies are plentiful, as it otherwise! would, and to provide an increased supply at a later period, when the current produc tion becomes small. As regards the first effect it may noted that the quotation last week was IOd., against 8J,d. a year ago, and to 6id. two years ago. Mr. Tavemer, the Minister for Agricul ture, is not altogether satisfied with the present system ©I giving butter faetory managcrs instruction at the University. Those who wish to take advantage of the course at present have to come to Mel bourne. The Minister thinks it would be much better if classes were formed in the various country centres. If that were done the assistant managers and farmers' sons could also attend, an4 receive the instruc tion. Mr. Taverher is asking the Dairy men's Association1 to group the butter fac tories into convenient districts, and to say whether classes should be formed. It would seem, from papers that have recently come into the possession of the Director of Agriculture {Mr. Wallace) that some computations made by analysts as to the quantity of butter contained in cer tain samples of cream are incorrect. In one particular case it has been discovered that, while the actual analysis of the cream is perfectly correct, a wrong formula has been used in making the calculations. This for mula allows 20 per cent, of moisture, salt, J curds, Ac., which Mr. Crowe, the Govern-! ment dairy expert, says is altogether out I of the question. He also points out mis calculations of this kind cause great an noyance to thg suppliers of cream and milk to butter factories: Counting on the ac curacy of the analyst's calculations sup pliers begin to think that the factories are not treating them fairly. The "Sugar jotnrnal" (Mnck.iv > f<>r Sep tember reviews the Queensland sugar sta tistics as revealed by the official figures for the year 1901. The area under sugar is nearly one-fourth of the total area under cultivation in the state, being 112,031 acres, or 3,496 acres more than for the previous year. The quantity of sugar produced in 1901 was 120,838 tops, comparing with 92,554 tons for 1900, 123.289 tons for 1S99, and 163,734 tons for 1898. The sugar ex ported in 1901 amounted to 70.62+ tf>ns;> valued at £567,429, against 02.742 toniC valued at £669;389 for 1900, 109.i)i6-- tofts? valued at £1,163,010 for 1S99, «rrd. tlt223 tons, valued at £1,322, 953 for lf9Sr / Up to 1901 the industry increased mfer^ ' in'tU4j northern part oi the state tcWewhewv i tlie area being three-fifths of thVtotaj, and the production two-thirds. The Quecrisl^&d; [production for 1902 is now estimate,..at about 85,000 tons. "a"~1 The freight news from England continues J to be unfavourable to shipowner*, chielly i owing to the extraordinary number of j steamers in different ports waiting employ ment. With a superfluity of tonnage before them, charterers do not care to engage in forward business. For the Atlantic trade j cliarters have been made at 3/ per ton per ! mouth, and for Ejus tern and Australian j business at 5/6. These are low rate?. I Black Saa rates have declined by about 1/ per ton to 10/6 to 19/. On the other hand. River Plate freights have risen, and there [wore ready charterers for September at 14/9 to 16/ to Liverpool and London. San [ Francisco rates are weaker at 22 6 for large and 23/9 for medium sailers. Grain freights from New York to JSurope continue to be low. lid. per bnshelbeing quoted for Liver pool, London, ana {Jfclsgow by berth ships, while for cargoes T/tt to 1/7* pf-r quarter of eight bushels Was quoted on 30th August for picked British and Continental ports, | and 2/3 to 2/4$ to Cork (Queenr- town) for orders. | Mr. Williamson Wallace, the Director of j^riculture, hafe yecoiyed a latter of thanks from t|i« ertriiSfe attended the agri cultural classes helQ at Bticehuj - from September 8 to' September 19. The letter, wbich Was signed by 41 students, reads as foUoWfev-^'ifai students attending the' above classes, who have benefited by youir Wise (And practical idea to hold fort nightly coaWSSS of lectures ill country cen tres upon* the practical and scientific de velopment^ theagfioultaral, pastoral, and allied resources of tlie ettcte, we have much pleasure in: Heartily thanking you for the thorough a«d liberal manner in which you have'providetf & AtitnSrous and highly-quali fied bod^ of lecturers and practical demon strators- tor our instHMJ#on. To those gen tlemen-we atfe deeply indebted for their lucid, enthusiastic. ,tf»d klndlv attention to our advancement, lftaoquiring a knowledge of the subjoote wliKfo they so ably dealt. With. We also take this opportunity of acknowledging, with sincere tnanks, the aid afforded us by the president (Mr. W. H. M'Farlane, J.P.) ana the Secretary (Mr. F. Howe), also the committee, of the Bacchus Marsh Agricnlturalend Pastoral Society." In hiereply tlfsdlWAStor saye:-"The neces sity for «aiii«.,^ftTg <ehe fawning community ill Victo^hjW TO^ Mr^tttlV impressed me, aftd the" uttef ^^,pf jwcul6es for education must surpri^aiiyo^ who is acquainted with what infcfeirtff ddtfe' in other parts of &e; world, II isyttufltefore, highly Ratifying iwrtt&e; fejMMfc^BiM^jtviias. by its en ^ haw inaugurated a system Ihat will bring education within the reach of I flan i mmediately^ mals^ tteie of the * kndjvledge a they acquire." p 4 . * It hafe beeb definitely decided tdatftxi'v'&*j the Wando Estate, ana farms will be onet£a about the end of November by the Ne^ Zealand Loan Company and Smith and Co,, auctioneers in conjunction. The American invasion of Western Can ada is said to be the phenomenon of the day. The newcomers are, without excep tion, agriculturists; they possess irioney, and come ffom conditions which resemble so closely the life in the north-west that their success is assured in advance. It is thought, moreover, that a continuation of this exodus from the States into Canada is inevitable, owing to the high price of land in tlie former country. Mr. Wiflcocks, of the Daira Sanieh Com pany. m Egypt, who has travelled over the greater part of South Africa, says that in t about four-fifths of the Cap« Colony, and j in about one-half of the Orange River , Colony, no crops can be grown without j irrigation, if there is to he a certainty of reaping a harvest. In his opinion irriga tion, and irrigation alone, can sectire per manent wealth to arty part of the South African continent. Mr. Willcoeks is not alone in his opinion'. Most of the agricul tural experts who hate visited South Africa have laid stress on exactly the same thing. The magnitude of the' corn-milling in dustry (remarks the "American Agricul turist") is little appreciated. According to ollici.il figures, a total of 241,000,000 bushels corn was ground into flour and meal in the census year, or almost exacfly half the consumption of wheat. Of course, a very large proportion of the corn pro duct was used for stock food; yet, this granted, a very important quantity un doubtedly went into consumption for tabic purposes. What a pity that Europe, proverbially hungry for cheap and whole some food products, does not appreciate the beauties of our corn bread and "rye and Injun." Remarks the principal of one of the Ame rican experiment stations:-There is some danger from bloat in turning animals on rape pasture, especially if they are not ac- ] customed to it, and eat it greedily at first, j It is beet to have prairie or tame grass i connected with the rape field, or at first] to have a feed rack with hay or straw ac- j cessible. It is also safer at first to have | the stock full of otlier feed, either pasture or grain, so they will not be hungry, and eat too rapidly. Some farmers practise! turning their stock on the rape from other I jastures, and leaving them there only an; iour or so each day, until they become used to it. I have generally found little; difficulty with animals put on rape for the first time, as they prefer other foods until they learn to eat the rape plant, and sel-1 dom overfill. I The preliminary agricultural statistics of j Ireland for 1902 show a net decrease of i 11,170 acres under corn crops since last' year, oate having fallen off by; 17,584 acres, ( rye by 1,307 acres, and bere. and peas by j small areas; while wheat covered 1,537 acres.! [and barley 6,258 acres more la'fio. Nearly , all the green crops, including potatoes, sho"tf j Fa decline, and the main feature of the re- j jport on crops is an encroaehmcnt of per-1 manent pasture and temporary grasses and ; clovers on land previously devoted t*> annual crops. Corresponding with this change is an increase in most classes of live stock, which has been steady for some years : in Ireland. Horses are returned at 579,770, j or 14,851 more than for 1901; mules, at j 29,397, or 515 more; asses, at 242,742, or : 3,762 more; cattle, at 4.782,204, or 108,881 i more; sheep, at 4,215.7-50. or 163,010 less; i pigs, at 1,327,592, or 108,457 move; and goate at 303,541, or 8,868 less. The increase in ' cattle has been steady since 1895. amounting i since that year to 424,172. j The London omnibus horse having acquit ' ^CedltriBself so well in the South African cam-1 Palgftjj,i^y not come as a great surprise i 'fo'ifiaity^b^kevers in coincidences to hear I that Cai>t^<jklfoostens. of the Belgian army,! TteleoUji mount in the great inter-1 | hi i/iifct-iry ride from Brussels to Osr I ' t<fn9"'an.-'^aii|jal which had done service in! ajt;^nd«jft,iej£. What the fate of this par- j may be (says the "Live Stock I is unknown at the time of writ-, ing, but it is probably the first instance of a cabber being promoted to the dignity of an officer's charger. Still, several cases are known of cab horses which have'known better days retrieving their former position in the equine scale, a prominent instance being the racehorse Vulcan, which the late Mr. T. Jennings, of Newmarket, some ^wo and-thirty years ago rescued from a fiacre in Paris, and, having put the old gelding into training, succeeded in dividing" the Lincoln Handicap, and winning a number of i mile races with him. The celebrated Dar ley Arabian also passed some portion of his life in harness in Paris, as he at one, time was attached to a water-cart in the streets of the gay city. The statements of a writer in a London newspaper that Australian meat, butter, | *nd iruit are unknown to the shopkeepers there are referred to by Mr. Sinclair, the representative of the Department of Agri culture, in a communication received by the Minister. That meat and butter are not specially labelled and sold as Aus tralian is, says Mr. Sinclair, because this is not done with the products of other coun tries, except in a few exceptional instances. Large numbers of butchers selling frozen meats, witlj £ew exceptions. sell Australian mutton and laiiitt wlieP. it"W"in supply", al though, unfortunately, the supply has been very small for the past year owing to the drought. Australian meat is riot labelled as such, nor is it done with arty of the. other mutton or beef from Canada, the United States, or the Argentine" Republic. If, how ever, the customer asks for*it he can obtain it. Willi the shortness of supply of Aus tralian mutton during the past year, it is possible to lind many shops in London not selling it regularly,, especially afc the condition of New Zealand and Argentine sheep has been so lftucfo Superior. SErHSRi clair states With tefertfncfe to the butter trade that several merchants in the pro vinces had promised" that if wins and quality permitted attention wotild be given to Victorian buttef during the ensuing sea son. Only one consignment of Mildura dried apricots 'had bean shipped for a very con siderable - period, imdno ? -dried peaches,, jpears, Raisins, or curttints had been forr. warded''for sale. Prior to'that there had been no Mildura fruit sold in a London shop pr depot, the reason being that higher prices were obtainable for.it in Australia. ' | Jtt is stated that the Russian Government intend' to grant a sum of about £100,000 per annillb .f°r five years for the purchase ' of foreign live stock. It seems likely that the bulk of the order? for bulls will go to Denmark, as the Danish Ministry of Agri« culture is doing all it can to create -a market abroad for the Fionian and Jut latid CAttle, &nd; the agents of the Russiaf Government have lately visited DenmarV on a tour of inspection. Those who are .most intimately acquainted with the agrHMiltural possibilities of Wes tern Canada, state that there is an area of 200,000,000 acres of excellent land avail able for wheat prod action. How rapidly the present area under Wheat will expand is merely a question of population. The immigration records show, however, an ever increasing ratio. For the present year the immigration is estimated at 60,000 souls, 35,000 of whom will have come from the United States. Since Dr. «J. H. Campbell, of Pennsyl vania, introduced a method of dfying sfcim tiiilk for export, a large number of Ameri can dairies have been enabled to substan tially increase their revenue. The milk is dried' by the National Nutrient Ooiflpariy and exported in boxes to all climates. It is first stirred and sterilised in copper vats by hot blasts of air, and again evaporated and sterilised in other heated vats, then dried and ground by special machinery. The mik meal is not so much a food in itself as a means of supplying protoids in other foods. It is particularly useful to bakers. For some time past the Argentine farmers have been trying to establish an export butter trade, and it now looks as if they have succeeded. The shipment of butter from that country for the first three months of the present year falls not fat short of 1,000 tons, which is alm'ost double the corresponding quantity of a year ago. The expansion of this trade needs to be carefully watched by Australasian butter makers, to whom the Argentine dairy farmers may in time become strong rivals upon the British markets. Australasia and Argentina, being botli south of the equator, their butter seasons are the same, whilst the latter is only half as far from England as the former. The feature of the Danish Agricultural Congress at Odefisee was the butter exhibi tion. which, was not only the largest ever seen in Denmark, but in the whole world. Of the 718 exhibitors who entered. (T75 were co-operative creameries. These 675 cream eries represented 100,000 Danish agricul turists, who thus showed their products in directly. Tire quality of the butter was very high, as was evidenced by the fact that 76 per cent, of the exhibits were awarded prizes. The state inspector re ported that the greater number of butters passed over left very little to be desired. There can be no doubt that the-superior quality of the butter was due in great mea sure to the high pastetfrisation of the cream, as well as to the use ol tactic ferments. jethro Tull, in his book on the "Horse Hoing Husbandry," published in 1733, gives some interesting glimpses of the conditions of farm life a hundred and seventy years ago. Hours of labour seem to have been fixed by law, as we are told that "if work is begun at 5 in the morning, and hoeing is continued for six hours, you may hoe three acres, equal in furrows to three rood, i.e., three-quarters of an acre. Then turn the oxen to grass, and after restiiig, eating, and drinking two hours and a half, with an other set of oxen begin hoing again; and by, or before half an hour, after 7 at night another like quantity may be ho'd. These are the hours tire statute has appointed all labourers to work during the summer half year. The expense of hoing six acres in a day in this manner may be accounted.-At 1/' the man that hold* the plow; 6d. the hoy that drives the plow, 1/ for the six oxen, and 6d. for keeping the tackle in re pair. The whole sum for hoing six acres i* 3/. or 6vl. an acre.'' The following is Mr. 'full's estimate of ''the whole expense of an acre of drilled wheat" in 1733: - <S. »l. Koi'-sffd - .. - Tor tillage * '! For drilling " For werdiiiK 0 « For uncovering U " For brine and lime 1 For leaping 2 0 ToiaJ 10 1 Whereas he gives the expense of an acre of sowed wheat at £4. "to which must he add, for the year's rent of the fallow 10;.' Vegetable butter, or "eoeoline,"- has for some'vears past been manufactured- in t!»e United Kingdom, and also at MarseiJJesv in a form adapted for use; by bakers, whole sale confectioners, biscuit bakers, and cho colate manufacturers. It is a pure and nourishing vegetable oil. white in colour, and very palatable. "Hitherto," writes the British consul at Marseilles, "the quality made here could not be used as a substitute for table butter; owing to the fact that it would melt at a' temperature of 25deg. C. Ifc was preserved and shipped to the United Kingdom ia barrels,_ and, like a similar product made in the .United Kingdom, was used there wholesale. My notes on the subject last yea* were written ?enlelv ta draw atfefltioft tea new departure on tlie part of a nrifl. This firm. having succeeded in preparing a cocoanut oil that would reiflairt solid np to 31deg. C., began to sell it as a substitute for but ter for the breakfast table, but under the name of 'Vegctaline.' It is thi« new form of eoeounut oil that is being placed on the British market through a Glasgow and Lon don firm. The publicity given to my re marks has resulted in bringing an increased nuftiber of orders to the Marseilles firm. I am told that tiher feSson "Why the United IKingdom i&aft;&t; compete with Marseilles ? on even terftis; is that the alcohol at a high i strength required in the process of freeing the' oil dft all eafouV and taste cannot be used in1 thtf Utftfed Kingdom as it is m France, except duty paid, although not a particle ofsthe spirit remains ifc the result ing prod act.'' ( urn JL ? iAl 