HOTES m GOBREHT EVENTS. Some musicians who got loose on New Year's Evo, and travelled about the town discoursing music which towards the small hours got considerably mixed, met with a severe disappointment. One of the principal items on the programme was the performance of a selection of Scotch melodies at the rail way station, in the confident hope that there at all eveiUB their efforts would meet with hearty and hospitable recognition. For was it not 'Hogmanay,' and 'Mack' was a Scotch man to the backbone. So with great enthusiasm were the national airs rendered one after another. 'Scots wha hae ' was followed by 'The Blue Bella of Scotland,' 'Annie Laori9,' 'Land o' the Leal,' and later, two or three of these charming melo dies were played simultaneously, but there was no response. At length as a final effort 'The Cock of the' North ' was produced, with so much veive that no member of the Caledonian Society within cooee of the sta tion yard could have resisted the dulcet strains. Still there was no ' Mack,' and the only immediate result of the melody was a lusus naturae in the form of a remarkable shower of effete vegetable matter and oyster tins. Then it was discovered that Mack had erone to Sydney. Some sympathy (though not so much as might be desired) is expressed for the unhappy musicians. ? * * * A Cootamundra journal makes the follow ing statement : — ' The Albury-Cootamundra Butter Factory will be ready for operation in a few weeks. An elaborate plant is being laid down. The company do not intend to cry — ' Peccai ! ' ' Having made inquiry at the local offloe of the company I am in a position to endorse the first of the assertions above quoted. I am, however, also autho rised to say there is no foundation for the last. The company has not decided to re frain from crying ** Peccai,' nor has it deter mined to make use of that singular expres sion. In point of fact the question has never arisen at any meeting, and the directors naturally object to being saddled with any responsibility whatever regarding ?' Peccai.' What is ' Peccai,' anyhow ? ?H- ? ? * ? A newspaper, contradicting a rumour to the effect that the Premier of New Zealand was likely to be appointed to an official post in South Africa, says ' Diok Seddon is part and. paroel of jfow geajand, and when he leaves there for good, it will be for Heaven, and nowhere else.' Now 1 have every re* spect for the able politician referred to,' bud I must protest against the assumption that the great exponent of Radical legislation is, as a matter of course, bound for eternal bliss. Even supposing the assumption to be well founded, it is not proper to make political capital out of spiritual prospects. If this kind of thing goes on unchecked we shall have Mr. O'Sullivan fixing the minimum wage at £1 pet day in order to obtain an assurance of greater felicity in a future state than he now enjoys. That is if there can be greater joy than that falling to the lot of a Minister for Works in New South Wales. A free trade friend writes me as follows :— 'I see that protectionist agitators are again at their old game of misrepresentation. They pretend that protection is necessary in order to provide openings for the employment of the rising generation, just as if there wou'd'nb always be plenty of work unloading ships under the benign influence of free trade. But 'lumping ' is not by any means the only industry promising healthy and profitable employment to the young men of Australia. Here for example is a splendid suggestion which opens up the prospect of unlimited wealth to a smart person possessing the ? necessary physical capacity. In'a newspaper the other day I read the following : — ?' Some time ago a man fell upon the Btation plat form, dislocating his hip. The railroad com pany had him carried to the best hotel in the town ; employed trained nurses, and gave him all the attention that care and skill and - scienoe could suggest, and arrangements were being made to amply compensate him in money. Ifc was discovered, however, that this man was enabled to throw his hip out of joint, and that he practically made a business of doing so, thus obtaining money from rail road companies.' ' Of course it is not every body that can dislocate his hip joint at will, but with industry and perseverance, aided perhaps by a little surgical skill, many of our young men should be able to overcome any trifling difficulty in the way of a brilliant career. * ? * * A correspondent writes :— Will you kindly explain how it is that like causes produce entirely different results in different coun tries ? The other day, in an English paper, I read the following paragraph : — ' Curse cards are being used in Switzerland and Ger many to check profanity. People go aboub with the cardu in their pockets, and, when ever they hear bad language present one to the swearer to sign. The oard has printed on it a pledge to abstain from swearing for a specified time or to pay a small fine for each ' oath to some charity. Nearly 40,000 of these cards have been distributed in Switzerland alone.'' After reading this I thought I would do a little -evangelistic work myself. 1 gob 100 cards printed — just as a start you know — and being in Melbourne at Cup time, I offered some to several persons at Fleming ton who .were using really dreadful language. But the thing did'nt work at all. Or rather I should say it appeared to aggravate the evil. The persons whos8 improvement I attempted had it seems been making soma kind of bargain in connection with the horse racea. I believe that if a certain horse gal loped more rapidly than any other, the per son who selected that horse was to receive some Monetary reward. The men I accosted, it appaars, had imprudently chosen horses that were not the most rapid gallopers, and so did not receive the money they had anti cipal-ed I don't know why thiB should urge them to employ oaths. Still less oan I see why they should bo so uross at my little admonition. But they were. And the swear words they made use of were actually more varied and disgraceful than those employee! in the first instance. LIPPON DA1RN. Albury Public School.— The tender oE J. S. Adams (£17, 11s.) has been accepied ? for repairs to the Public School. High Price for Stock.— Mr. Towers Bungowannnh cattle topped the Melbourne market on Wednesday, realising £18. Australian Widows' Fund.— Mr. George Hunter hus been appointed local agent of the Australian Widows' Fund Life Assurance Society Limited. Larceny at Chiltern — A min named George Brown was charged at tho polioa oourt on Monday with stealing 2s. the pro perty of Michael Oauny at Chiltern. The accused was remanded to Chiltern. Wool Traffic for December.— The wool at this port imported to New South Wales was 48 bales greasy, value £517 ; exported to Victoria, C845 bales greaav, value £74,469 ; exported to Viotoria, 324 bales scoured, vslue £5671. Ministerial Visit to Maitland. — Mr. Barton, the Federal Priuie Minister, received a message on Monday from Maitland to the effeot tbat he might expect a triumphant re oeption on Thursday night. Ha will be accompanied on tho occasion of his visit by Sir W. J. Lyno. Shot in a Swimming: Race.— An aocident of an extraordinary nature occurred at Coro \va on Monday. A young man wan accidentally shot while swimming in the Murray River. He was starting in a raoe when the scatter fired, not knowing the gun was loaded with shot. The pallets entered M Lennan's body, and he w&a; t&U;,au to the Qorowa, Hospital, .-- ' \\. - BroOks's Diary. — We have received from X~'~*' the publishers, Measrs. William Brooks and ' Co., Sydney, a copy of Brooka's 'Gazetteer ' ' ' and Diary.' This work contains a large ,'-''? amount. of useful information, and is well ? -worth the price charged, one shilling. Obituary. —Mr. John Barnes, of the firm of Barnea and Stinson, auctioneers, died on Tuesday, aged 50, at his residence, Old .Kindra, after a long illness of over two years. , He 'was one of the pioneer residents of the \- -' ' Coolamon district and was much esteemed. The Municipal Elections. —The time for the municipal elections is near at hand. The ? ' . Tetiring aldermen are Messrs. Edmondson, ^Bulson, and Chenery. The election takes ? place on 4th February. Nominations of can didates must be sent in a week before that date. A Protest.; — A public meeting was held at Daysdale on Saturday night to protest against a recent pro Boer meeting held at Savernake. The various speakers condemned r the resolutions of the Savernake meeting, and carried other resolutions approving of the conduct of the war. Burglar's Tools. — In connection with \- the recent robberies from bedrooms at the Albury Hotel, there was discovered on the \ premises last Tuesday an ingeniously-designed ' ? Instrument by the aid of which locked doors, ' with the keys inside, can easily be locked or ^unlocked from the outside. .New Magistrates. — In a list of new ma^iatrates jusb gazetted we notice the fol lowing names : — J. ' J. Allen, Albury ; W. , ? iL. Davis, Urana ; J. L. Shropshire, Darling ton Point; Samuel E. Watson, Gerogery ; .B. Varcoe, Hillston ; Andrew Matthews, 'Xiockhart ; F. Hall, Coolamon. Accident at Bungowannah. — A. son of 'Mrs. White at Bungowannah met with a \- painful mishap on Saturday. He was riding ' 'after stock when his horse fell, and came sdown with the rider underneath, He was .'Attended by Dr. Kearney, who chanced to ' Ibe in. the neighbourhood, and found the [patient ;? rather, seriously in j ured. '?Proposed M.unioj;bal' Yards at Wo '*- !3-ongA. — At the December meeting of the NWodonga-Shire .Council, th\e secretary was ('directed to -y^iteAoTa numbej? of municipali itiesifor particulars in respect to the revenue \- sand expenditure of municipal saleyards. The replies have since come to hand and -'are read ab Wednesday's meeting. k \'.J, W. Roxburgh. — We regret to Mi. *,afc mP# Roxburgh, manager of the ' - . learn tu ^ of fche Bank of Australasia, is ? local branc*. nosea. He left Albury during \- - seriously indis^ Melbourne, and was there 1 .the holidays for . -ft gol(j, the effects of attacked by a seve.. '*-&$& Ij&ely; to over ? . which he is nob consiu Hy- jate \- '' come for several weeks at a.. ^pded Is s Albury Land Office.; — Ap, ~-^0rown ' statement of the revenue derived fr.. - -^i ,_ Land Office, Albury, during the year i^ ' i Auction sales, £1455 0s. 5d. ; conditio. purchases, £25,699 8s. 5d. ; leases, £1410 4s. lid. ; homestead selections, £90 2s. 3d. ; 1 transfers, £205 17s. ; sundries, £131 11s. 6d. —Total, £28,992 4a. fid. ? * Contributors' Competition. — The prize ?^competition for contributors of news matter 1 having in the past two years been very suc « cessf ul will be continued during the current year. There are five prizes ranging from £5 -to £1. The conditions will be found in our advertising columns. Competitors will please note in particular that each letter 'must bear the writer's name and address, .. and be headed ' Contributors' Competition.' TlNKETTLING AND ITS CONSEQUENCES. — \- James Geering, an elderly man, who owns a -' small sawmill, was arrested on warrant on 'Thursday last atGranya, charged with shoot -. ing a youth named Chanter on New Year's ^ eve. It is alleged that he fired a gun charged a^with shot into a crowd of boys who were '?tinkettling and otherwise making the night \hideous in the neighbourhood of hia dwell iing, and that a few of the pellets lodged in ' ©banter's body. ' A Barnawartha Grievance.— A report from Barnawartha says :— The people are greatly incensed afc the police officer being taken away from here, and sent to do relief duty at Wodonga. There ia no one to see that the quarantine regulations are being observed, although fresh cases of anthrax ure occurring almost daily. As the place is -infested with gangs of strolling swagnlen of ? ..questionable repute, a general feeling of , unrest prevails, and this will obtain until ?.the officer is restored. Albury Custom House.— The following ,nra the collections for December :— Spirits, ' -£591 17s. 9d. ; wine, £36 ; ale, porter, and iboer of all sorts, £15 ; tobacco, cigars, and .cigarettes, £162 13s. 8d. ; tea, £3 9s. 6d. ; isugar and molasses, £37 Is. 3d. ; coffee, 5s. ; irice, £32 183. 2d. ; dried and candied fruits, £51 83 3d. ; articles at ad valorem rates, £139 7s. 6d. ; articles at fixed rates, £32 2s. 1?d. ; total cnstoms, £1102 3i- 8d. ; excise on spirits, £40 2s. lid.; excise on sugar, £56 BS. —Total, £1198 11s. 7d. H. Company.— Ab the Drill Hall on Mon day evening. Staff Sergeant Foley, who holds the position of lieutenant in the Imperial Bushmen's Contingent, and who has seen ' active servioe in South Africa, was tendered a farewell by the local volunteers. Sergb. » - Foley, during his short residence aa drill in structor in Albury, has made himself ex tremely popular with all olasses, and be is only leaving new in consequence of having been aocopted for the Federal Contingent. He wiH probably be given * wramtesiQR, The Case of Margaret Heffernan. — As a result of the representations of Mr, A, A. Bilison, M.L.A., the unfortunate young woman Margaret Heffernan, who was sen tenced to a lengthy term of imprisonment a few years ago, has been released. It will be remembered that at the instance of Mr. G. S. Manns, J.P , the Wodonga Shire Council urged Mr. Bilison to move in the matter. The girl, whose parents reside at Gundow ring, at one time resided at Leneva. Burning Accident. — On Friday last Emily East, 16 years of age, a daughter of Mr. W. H. East, of South Corowa, met with a serious burning accident. She was en gaged cooking at a fire in the open, when, through some means, the back of her dress came into contaot with the fire, and the girl was speedily enveloped in a mass of flames, which caught her hair. She had the pre sence of mind to throw herself on the ground, and, by rolling over, she extinguished the fire, but not before receiving shocking burns to her back and head. Government Boring Plant. — Messrs. Wain and Hyland, implement makers, of Chiltern (Victoria), have just coniDleted an order for the New South Wales Department of Mines and Agriculture of a complete hand boring plant. It is supplied with every up to-date appliance, including 300ft. of rod?, a powerful winch, shear- legs, steel wire ropes, five augers for various uses (two of which are specialties of this progressive firm), a gripper for the recovery of broken rods (a special in vention of the same firm), a twist auger with' tube, a shell auger, and a 12ft. Faud pump. The Land Board Chairman. — A Gun-, dagai contemporary says :— ' It would be hard to find a more considerate and pains taking officer than Mr. F. B. Watt, chair man for the Wagga land district. He pos sesses a- very large fund of patience, and is well acquainted with all our land laws, is rarely troubled by the legal fraternity on a point of law, and gives the struggling selector who is pleading his own case every assistance that lies in his power. Mr. Watt strikes even the casual observer as a most impartial administrator and competent chief, and one chockfull of ail necessary know ledge.' Albury and Border Pastoral and Agri cultural Society. — The time for the annual meeting of this popular, society is again drawing near. One of the most important items on the programme is the annual election of committee, of which certain notice has to be given. 16 often happens that members forget until the day of meeting the necessity for previous nomination, and so lose the op portunity of proposing new members. We therefore take the opportunity of drawing attention to the fact, already notified by the secretary, that all nominations must be handed in not later than 4 p. m. on Friday next, 17th inst. A Postal Relic. — Our Finley contem porary reports having inspected a. very in feeRBsijng link with the early history of the . ^fcpalian States, in the form of a letter,, ver wbioti had passed through the post re Njfore either envelopes or stamps were in use The pover was in a fiae 8tate of prese vadon *& *» **»» to, fch° ^T which was written* » & fine legible hand, bore a stamp on the comae where we now affix the Government ♦?oken. bearing the simple information '1 mail, & March J6o2. There was nothing to state whsre it was posted, nor apparently whether the Stamp was that of the receiving or despatching office. The ourio is in the possession of Mr. W. Blair. An Interesting Celebration.— A report from Yackandandah under date of Friday ssys :— Mr. Henry Tulk, of Yackandandah, proceeded to Melbourne on Tuesday to take part in a unique family celebration. His father and his unole married two sisters in Melbourne on New Year's Diy, 1852. Their sister married a Mr. Perry ut the same time and place. All three couples are still living in Melbourne in health and strength. Dur ing the long intervening period they have each brought up large families, the members of which are all resident in the State, and now find themselves surrounded by quite a colony of descendants. The golden wedding was celebrated in befitting style in Mel bourne on New Year's Day. Messrs. Younghusband and Co. Ltd.— This firm has just moved into its new pre mises, a little to the westward of the old office. The new quarters are on the site of the shop formerly occupied by Mr. Harrison as a cafe and fruit shop. The whole interior of the building has, however, been removed and re fitted. The bulk of the space has been de voted to the general office, occupying the entire width of the frontage. The walls have been newly plastered, the vaulted oeiling pierced with BkyhghtB, desks and counters in bold design are of redwood and cedar, handsomely finished in French polish. At the rear of the main office are several private offices for the manager and heads of departments, and beyond these are lavatories, cloak rooms, &o.; The whole of the flooring is covered with linoleum in the offices and passages, and the building throucjhoub is well lighted. Messrs. Frew and Logan were the contractors for the work. Corowa Vinegrowers' Association.— A report from Corowa says : — Mr. Kidd's failure to introduoe legislation during the last session dealing with the adulteration of wines has lad the looal Vine and Fruitgrowers' Associ ation to request t!ip Board of JHonlth to tuko action in the matter. The member for th -= district (Mr. J. Hayes) wrote to the secretary some weeks ago, stating that an officer from the Board of Health would visit Corowa at an early date, and take a sample of all wines crossing into this State for analysing pur poses. Growers generally consider that it is now too late for this step, as it should havt: been carried out immediately on removal oi the border restrictions, when bulk wines were being introduced into New South Wales, and they intend suggesting that steps be at once taken to have an analysis made by the Health Department of all wines submitted for sale in this State, with a view of prosecuting holders of adulterated stock. Condensed Milk. — At a meeting of far mers held recently in the Maitland district, a proposal was submitted by a Mr. V-iustrup. on behalf of a Sydney syndicate, to establish a milk-condensing factory on the Danish principle. The proposal is to erect suitable buildings and machinery at a cost of £7000 or £8000, provided that the farmers guaran tee to supply fresh milk at the factory twice a day for a period of two years at 6d. per gallon. The factory is to be erected along the banks of the Hunter River, probably at Osterley. A number of dairy farmers pre sent agreed to the conditions proposed, and if a sufficient milk supply is guaranteed, the syndicate, Mr. Da Vmstrup stated, will be prepared to start the concern immediately. This project would seem to have a rather im portant bearing on the dairying industry all over the colony, always supposing that there ia a large demand for condensed milk. Six pence a gallon for milk is indeed a tempting prospect. The Late Storm at Junee.— Particulars of the storm which passed over Junee and Coolaraon last week show that very extensive damage was done to the crops in the route of the storm between the two towns. It lasted about 10 minutes, and was a perfect hurri cane. The furious wind drove the heavy rain and hail in great rolling waves over the country, snapping sturdy trees, and laying all wheat level with the ground. Fortu nately the track of the storm was narrow. On Rockview Estate, 12 miles from junee, extensive damage was done to the tenant farms. Mr. T. Noonan lost 160 acres of wheat; Mr. J. Fox, 150 acres ; Mr. M'Devitt, 400 bags ; Mr, Johnson, all his crop, which was unstripped ; Mr. J. M. Green, 150 acres ; and Mr. Butler, 300 acres. Other farms suffered, but no particulars are obtainable. The storm took the same track over the Rockview Estate as the hailstorm in Novem ber last, and in several cases destroyed what crop was left. No damage was done in Junee by the wind, except the shifting of a few sheets of iron. Robbery at the Albury Hotel. — Several robberies having occurred at the Albury Hotel last week, suspicion fell upon a man who was staying at the hotel. The police were communicated with, and a watch set, leading to the arrest of the person mentioned. Warren Miller, an American, described as a musician, was charged on Monday with stealing a pair of trousers and about £6 in money, the property of William West. Senior-sergeanb Brown deposed to having, from information received, secreted himself, with another member of the force, at the Al bury Hotel on Sunday night ; aboub mid night accused, who was boarding at bhe hotel, arrived, and went to a bed room ; he lighted a candle and left his poom, going down the back stairs into the yard ; he was then wearing creaking boots ; he returned 10 minutes later and went into his room, closing the door, but did not lock it ; witness watched the room all night ; during the night accused left the room, and about daylight witness found the door locked and his boots outside ; at 5- a.m. witness and OonBtable Walsh left the place where they had been seoreted and went to the hotel yard near the back entrance ; while standing there witness saw accused come into, the yard from a right-of-way leading off Kiewa-street ; he wa9 wearing shoes with indiarubber soles j svitness spoke 10 the accused, and asked him where he had been and what he was doing ; tiis replies being unsatisfactory, witnesssaid, ' I'm going to arrest you. I am a sergeant af police;' accused said, 'What the ? ? are you going to arrest me for ?' witness then book him into custody ; accused made no reply at the time, but afterwards said, '? Who is the author of the charge ?' witness replied-, ' I am;' at the lockup £1 7s. 10d. was Found on the accused. At this stage the prisoner was remanded for a week. Death of a Well-known Miner. — Our Wodonga correspondent reports the death of iVIr. Reuben Williams, a well-known resident af Talgarno, after an illness extending over three months. About the end of September Mr. Williams was prostrated by the bursting of a blood vessel, and although he rallied a few times, giving hope that he might be 3pared for a few years longer, his condition zradually sank lower and lower till on the morning of his decease, when he was seized with an attack of apoplexy, it became pain Fully evident that the end was only a matter 3f an hour or two. Medical aid was sum moned, but before the arrival of the doctor the patient had passed away. The decea&ed;, svho was 67 years of age, was born ab Corn wall. When bproly out of his teens he left ais native land for Cuba, and spent a couple )f years at copper- mining. The gold djs joveries in Australia in the fifties unsettled lim in Cuba, and he determined to try his ortune in this country. He landed in Mel journo |n 1357, ftnd, with tha exception of a. brief interval of nine months in Qaeensland, ' . he remained in Victoria ever since. He was mining for several years in the Ballarat and Blackwood districts, and, on the breaking 'out of the diggings at Bethanga 25 years ago, he was attracted to this district. He waa one of the pioneers of mining in Befhanga. The Flagstaff mine, in which he was largely interested, claimed a considerable shaie of his attention. Naturally of an optimist tem perament, Mr. Williams looked forward to making a pile out if this venture, bub, though he stuck to the mine for many years, his enterprise was not rewarded, and in the end he was reluctantly com pelled to relinquish his interest. Within the last year or two he interested himsslf again in his old favourite, but he was noc more fortunate in the second try. When he ? had sold out ab Bethanga 22 years s.go, he took up a selection at Bethan^a, and during that tim9 he devoted himself to grazing and ' farming, always taking a deep interest in local affairs. Deceased leaves a widow and six grown-up sons and daughters. His re mains were interred in the Talgarno cemetery' on Christmas Day, when a large number of his old friends paid the last tribute of respecb to his memory. The Church of England setr vice was read at the grave by Mr. J. Connell. A Pioneer Farmer. — The death of Mr. William Shipard last week at Bungowannah : severs a link connecting the establishment of agriculture in this district with the first attempts at settlement in West Australia in ?--, the early part of the last century. Born afc Roberts's Bridge. Sussex, Eneland, in 1821, he was the son of the late William Shipard, sen., who in the reign of George* IV. served on H.M.S. Beilerophon when Napoleon was removed to St. Helena. After getting hia discharge from the navy he sailed for Wes tern Australia in one of a squadron of sailing vessels which included the James, Emily Taylor. Rockingham, Thames, and Belvoir. These had been chartered by Dr. Peel and Sir James Stirling, and after a six months' voyaae^ were caught in a gale off Fremantle and driven ashore, being embedded so fast in the sand that they were never again floated. The hulks of some were afterwards utilised as Government storehouses and prisons. On, leaving the wreck the men had to carry ashore the women and children, among the latter .????' being the subject of this notice, then a boy of three years. Six months later the Btore of provisions gave out, and the immigrants suffered great privations, living on yams and such game as they could kill, nob tasting bread for six months. Then a passing vessel, bound for Sydney, sighted the wrecks, arad ?.._'; left some provisions, which served to lighten the lot of the castaways until further supplies were sent from England. The late William Shipard when eleven years old struck out for himself, and was hired by a Mr. Steward ~ ? ? to tail cattle. The blacks at that time were very troublesome and he had many narrow escapes, being saved from the savages more than once by a cow of his herd which had a dislike to the blacks, and had a knack of chasing them until they took to the trees, and keeping them there until at their en treaties young Shipard drove her off. After six years of this life he started timber-getting, and helped to cut poles for the first bridge over the S^ran River at Perth. Apiece of ? one of these, after 30 years in the water, was sent, half rough, half polished, to the ' Melbourne museum, to show the durability of jarrah. In 1840 he married, and renting land, started farming with implements of hia own make. He put in three acres the firsb year, buying the seed at 9s., and harvested bhe crop with a sickle. The thrashing* was done with a flail, and cleaning with the help~ of the wind. In 1852 ha sailed for South Australia in the Gil Bias with his wife and five children. After land ing he did a little blaoksmithing and wheel wrighting, put in a year at a Nairn flourmill, and then bought 80 acres of land and stone at Mount Pleasant, where he remained bill 18,67. Then hearing of bhe Roberbson Land Act he decided to come bo New Soubh Wales, and travelled here overland in company with the late Mr. Joseph Gary and family, finally sealing down at Bungowannah. He was so delighbed wibh the fertility of the soil that he was often beard to express a desire to end his days there, a wish fulfilled on 1st Jann ary, when he passed away at the good old age of 80 years and two months. He was the father of eight sons and four daughters, nine of whom are still living. He had 49 ' grandchildren, and five great grandchil dren. The sons living are Messrs. Thomas William, Samuel Ralph, Henry Charles, Joseph, Ephraim, Mark, and George Shipard. The daughters surviving are Mrs. Taylor and Mrs. M'Donald. The funeral took place on Friday last, and evidence of the general re spect in which the deoeased waB held was afforded by the long cavalcade of mourners, over 60 buggies, besides a large number of horsemen, including frienda from all parts of the distriot. The remains were borne to the grave by sons of the deceased. The funernl service of the Baptist Church was read by the Rev. Thomas Witts, of Melbourne, an old friend, who, in complianee with one of the last wishes of Mr. Shipard, came up from town for the purpose. A short but impres sive address was also delivered at the grave by the Rev. Mr. Clifton,- of Albury. Clearing Sale of Stock —Messrs J. T Brown and Go. (in coujnnotion with Shields and Smyth, of Wodonga)) announce annual clearing sale of Bheep, oattle, and wine at Olive Hills Q9 Wediwday, 83ad January, 