in a Woman's pityd. By Comrade Mary. NOTE,— Correspondence heartily invited. The sweater works on the same lines in all countries, and the report of one factory inspectrew is the same plaintive human document us another. Ths Bris bane factory report states thai; our 44© home slopworkers work X0 and US hours daily to make a bare living wage, and the Glasgow factory report states that their home slopworkers work 12 and 15 hours daily to make 7s. a week. Mies Irwin, the Glasgow inspectresa, suggests the contrast between women workers— pre-ocoupiea in watching the escape door of marriage and hovering between slavery and freedom— and men workers plodding patiently on, each advancing as all advance. 'The women du not cuiubine,' she says, 'and look forward to relief in marriage, but in too many cases marriage for them means a change from one kind of slavery to smother.' This is doubly significant when it ib remembered that the thoughtless trade-slave gives to the world slave children. But when Labour and Socialist teachings spread, and we grow to care for each other, the proudest boast of a workers1 wife will be that she was a girl trade unionist. — —X — marriage dissolved in om* Divorce Court last week reads like one of 'Alba DorionV stories, Mary Ann Kelly stated that she married Antionis Lopaz at Southport, and two months later he took her to Curripree to live *a the bark humpy of a Manila man nod an aboriginal woman. The humpy was divided in the middle by a bag partition— the Manila man and his gin livine on one aide, and she and defendant on the other. A fortnight later defendant deserted her. She was left without clothes or rations, aud she had to live on oysters supplied by the Manila man. «* Common Sense' writing to the Courier: 'What we want are not political women, but domesticated, healthy women.' Who is poor ' OommonM-seiwe1 to arrogantly decide Woman's destiny ? A domesticated woman is only a ' woman.' A political woman, with widened interests rsnf! i».-«»ji-Vu^.*-- vUjwa. ia a 'Hiiaian Creature' as well. This is a sample of Northern humour, from a boodle paper: 'No matter what earnest advocates of the equality of the sexes may say, there is in every man a sense, expressed or under stood, of the inferiority of women. Jfiven III Xew Zttti«*UU, Wlifciu WOiiiCil £*V worshipped at election times, an' Auckland paper says, * when you feed a calf it is better to be alone. Especially is it necessary not to allow the women of the homestead to be present. ' ' Might this not mean that a man is more congenial com pany for a calf? The Commonwealth Government gives every woman employe over 21 years £110 a year. The English Government has reduced the salaries of between 600 and 700 of the women employed in the London Poet Office from £65 to £52— £65 being described as an ' extravagant '_wage for women which cannot be again reverted to. England is the land of the brave and the free, and of statesmen who believe women were born to be underpaid. Society 'ladies ' are busily can vassing Brisbane business firms for money to relieve the General Hospital of debt. There is much grim satire in the spectacle of a stylish vehicle, with n be-liveried groom in charge, pulled up outside a well known boot factory, while its fashionably dressed, wealthy lady-owner is inside soliciting donations from men whose earn ings do not average twenty shillings a week. Think of it ! Less than a pound a week to keep a home and wife and family, and theu the callous heartlessness which even suggests that there could be anything left for the hospital. The New South Wales Goulburn Suffrage League has thrown down the gauntlet. They have formed a Political Association, and resolved to select a Par liamentary ''candidate from among their members. Prepare your electoral address, woman! When the women of Colorado (U.S.A..) first voted, three women wfcre elected to the State Legislature. M&lachi; Hanney, school teacher at Alligator Greek, Geraldton, was fined £5 last week for assaulting Geraldine Graham, seven years of age, one of the pupils. She bad eleven wales on one leg, ana two of the strokes had drawn blood. The defence was that GeraHine would not pronounce 'has' and MbisM correctly. Malaobi is too 'strong' for children. 'Use everyone according to his 'aitches,' and who would 'scape whipping f Maria Muiliner, a spinster of eighty-six, was recently charged at Green wich, England, with attempting to commit suicide. Maria pleaded that she had been disappointed in love. Thirty was once the critical age for love-lorn women, but the age limit rises, like the price of batter. Twelve nurses keep the flies off the eight-months old heir to the Imperial throne of Japan, and a French and German governess teach him to gurgle 'goo-goo' in their lingoes. - Dora Montefiore, in London Justice, says that the most encouraging sign of the timec is that the woman suffrage agitation is »tlast coming from the working woman. One reason urged by a Lancashire woman in presenting the suffrage petition eigoed by 29,359 women tte that the exulu&ton; of women from th» franchise lowered their position in the homes. Mm? &anpashtft;» women were keeping on the pomes Mid worthless husbands, but beoauws their fathers only could vote the children were led to think little of their mothers and muoh of their fathers. Politicians who ignore a potent argument like that should be abolished by a general vote of their species. The W.E.F.A. social happened on Tuesday night, and a merry Hand of dancers and their friends attended aud sampled our choice refreshments. Mr*. Alder arranged the musical programme, and Madam Thiodon the dance*, with their usual ability. Mrs. Bamsay and Hiss Pepperell sang, the Misses Alder played a pianoforte duet, and Mr. Roy - croft spoke a pieoe. J. 8. Collings, senior, said a good word for the woman with a vote, ana announced that this social was die Uafc «f t!-ft W. E. I?. A. ***? m. Attorney -General Rutiedge, who always makes an animal with long ears of himself when Royalty is mentioned, said at the Danish OonsuVs dinner last week that we must never forget that Denmark gave us in Queen Alexandra a type of all that was loveliest and most iadmired in womankind. Kot long ago JDentnark gave us an immigrant who shot himself because he oould not find work, and Eutledge was dumb. Dear Childbbk, . ; Until two weeks ago, when Brisbane children were deserted by their parents and left friendless and homeless, a policeman arrested them and took them to the Police Court, just as their would a murderer. But it was found that the Police Court had a very evil effect on the growing boys and girls, and made them careless of the future life they led, so at the last Boys1 Some meeting it was given out that in future all neglected children will be taken to a private police office by policemen dressed in plain clothes. This is a little Socialism in our time. Remem ber the prize letter in Christmas Wobicer early in December. 