INTERSTATE. VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, March 13. jjavia l/avis, a miner, agea 00, emmoy- ; ed in the British Queen Mine -at BaUarat 1 East, was killed this morning by an ex plosion of gelignite. The unfortunate man had charged a hole' with gelignite, and as the explosion failed to take place within j the usual time he returned to the spot for 1 the purpose of examining it. As ne did I so the charge went off, causing instant j death. Axel Strane, a seaman, aged 29, employ- I ed on the American ship John Briggs, was treated at the hospital to-day for a bul let wound in the right arm. It appeared from enquiries made by the police that the vessel was on the point of departure, and the officers had some difficulty in getting the men to resume duty. Several of them . were drunk and showed fight, and the of ficer who was in charge fired his revolver | to intimidate them. The bullet struck [ Strane as he threw up his arm. During shunting operations at the Teran railway station this morning a lad named William King was caught between trie buf fers of trucks and killed instantly. , The Bendigo swagman George Margrauf, who is the owner of a. swag containing £4tl found on a rubbish heap, has been com mitted to an asylum as a lunatic. A curious marine capture was made at Corio Bay to-day. The fish resembled an immense turtle, weighs half a ton, and measures 8 ft. long by 9 ft. from flap to like a flap. It has a flap like a seal's on each side ■ of the body, and a dark-coloured shell back | covered with tough hide. The late Mr. J. H. Hingston, who died at Exmouth, England, on March 8, aged 75 I years, has left an estate consisting solely of personalty of an estimated value £53,000. Of this amount about £17,000 will be ab sorbed by the payment of legacies to friends and relatives, the largest single amount being £5,000, which is bequeathed to his old friend and partner, Mr. Alfred Ford. The testator has left to the Old Colonists' Home for building and endowing five ad ditional cottages, to be culled the Hingston Cottages, such a sum, not exceeding £3,000, as may be needed for- the purpose. The residue of the estate, which will amount to about £23,000, he has left to the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum, to be applied to re building the institution on the ground floor plan only—"Tl»» present many-floored and staircased building being, in my experi- ] ence as a committeeman, very trouble some to old and rheumatic, patients.". The 'testator has bequeathed bis books of travel and papers to Mr. A. C. MacDonald, of the Melbourne Geographical Society, to j form the nucleus of a library. MELBOURNE, March 14. The Marine Board to-day ordered the de tention of the steamer Beckham, pending the proper stowage of her cargo of coal. The vessel was loaded at Newcastle, and, according to the report of the Inspector of Shipping, the coal was stowed on the after 1 main deck from bulwark to bulwark, com pletely covering No. 4 hatch, the hold of which' contained forage, and in the event of a fire in that hold the coal would have had to be removed in order to get at the hatch. Consequently the vessel was deemed to be unsafe. The board further decided to ascer tain from the Newcastle authorities why this breach of cargo regulations was per mitted. , _ ,. The Chief Commissioner of Police was recently advised that the liorse which was purchased from the police department by j the Duke of York, and used by His Royal Highness during his Australjan tcur, had arrived safely in England. His Royal High ness acquired the animal for 80 guineas. A bacteriological examination in Yarra ville of the supposed plague case to- day es tablished the fact that the boy Clarence Francis is not suffering from plague, but from what fs diagnosed as septic meningitis. The lad is in a precarious state, and should he succumb an»autopsy will be made wita a view of making a further test as to whether there is any indication, of plague. The • committee of the Women's Hospital has not received any applications for the vacant positions on the resident medical staff of the midwifery department. A deputation of jam manufacturers wait ed on the Premier to-day in regard to the determination of the tinsmiths' Wages board. The main point uiged by the de putation was that tne board had endeavour ed to apply to the jammaking business con ditions tnat only applied to the tinsmiths' trade, and that the consequent increase in the cost of production was excessive. Mr. Peacock promised to consider the question. At a special meeting of the council of the Victorian Rifle Association held to night it was decided to hold a preliminary competition for the selection of the team for Bisley on Friday and Saturday. Marcli 21 and 22, at Williamstown, when tne regu lar monthly matches of the V.R.A. will also be fired. Thirteen more permits have been issued to persons wishing to go to South Africa. At the monthly meeting to-day of the Peace and Humanity Society a resolution was carried reaffirming the sacred right of freedom, of political thought and speech, and condemning the un-British assertion so frequently heard that all citizens were I bound to back up a war, right or wrong, I when once it had been declared by the Eng lish Government. Mr. John Murray, M.L.A., delivered a hot speech, denouncing the newspaper press for "unfair misrepre-1 sentalion and lying." Edward AttWood, aged 19, was drowned in a waterhole at Portland to-day while bathing. Deceased was unable to swim, but jumped into 8 ft. of water. . The United States sailing ship Henry Failing has been detained at Newcastle for several days because a Japanese sailor deserted and managed to -land. The cap tain contends that lie cannot be fined, be cause spocial provisions in regard to deser tions made in the treaty concluded be tween Great Britain and the United States in 1892 exempt him from the operation of immigration law. The Secretary for Ex ternal Affairs has stated that it has al ready been determined that the treaty in question does not exempt the captain of the Henry Failing, and in view of this lie considers the latter amenable to the Act. John James Brooker was milking on his father's farm at East Kangaloon, l the Robertson district, on Friday afternoon, and was killed by lightning. Tlie cow was also killed. A brother of deceased was rendered unconscious for an hour by lightning stroke. MELBOURNE, March 16. A lad named Leslie Garlick, employed by Mr, Tiifi.sup, gold broker, of Bendigo^ re ported to tlie police on Saturday that he lost a canvas bag containing 53 eovs., 1 half-sovereign, ana 3 shillings. The lad stated that he was taking the bag to the National Bank before 3 o'clock, and stop ped eh route to make a wager. On reach ing the bank he found that the bag was. missing from, his pocket. A young Danish journalist, Mr. H. P. Hansen, who for the last 18 months has been in Australia, started on Friday even ing on a bicycle trip from Melbourne to Copenhagen, via Sydney, Brisbane, and America. I The strange fish which was captured in! Corio. Bay, Geelong, on Thursday has been ■ examined by Mr. J. A. Kershaw, curator of the National Museum and pronounced : to be an adult specimen of the luth or j leathery turtle. It is rarely found in Vic torian waters. ' A young man named Hoban, aged 19, while working on a farm in Warragul dis trict, was bitten on the finger by a snake. He promptly scarified the wound with the ' sharp edge of a knife used for fern-cutting, j but fearing that) this was insufficient he chopped on the finger at the second joint,.: and then rode into Warragul, a distance of six miles, where he received medical treat ment. He is now out of danger. An old pensioner, named Thomas Mar tin, aged 74, residing at Geelong, attempted to enter his house through a window on Friday night. When half through the win- : dow slipped down,' pinning him by the j small of his back in such a way that he Was unable to.release himself. When found by a neighbour on Saturday morning Martin was dead and black in the face. A rush, ot blood to the head had caused suffocation. Tlte Chief Secretary will deal to-morrow with the case of the convict Percy Ramage, as to whose sanity there has been a curious difference of opinion. A Week ago Barn age was committed to Yarra Bend Asylum on the certificate of two medical men aa<k two- others. The medical men have nov declared that the man is not of unsound mind, and he will, therefore, be sent back gaol. Tais can only be done on a war rant of the Chief Secretary. MELBOURNE, March 17. At a meeting of the council of the Free trade and Liberal Association to-night it was decided to have a series of addresses delivered at country centres at an early date in advocacy of the principles of free trade. The measure of success which has attended the efforts of the freetrade party in the House of Representatives in their at tack on the high tariff proposals of the Go vernment was the subject of congratula tion. The railway traffic receipts for the week ended Friday showed a decrease of £5,943 compared with the corresponding week of last year. The total earnings since July 1 were £2,392,665, showing an increase of £122,066 compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. At a meeting of Cabinet to-day conside ration was given to the case of "George Pagan, lying under sentence of death for wife murder, and who had been strongly recommended to mercy by the jury. Cabi net decided to recommend the Governor in-Council to commute the sentence to im prisonment for life. A man reported to the police to-day hav ing found a betting ticket on the bank of tile Yarra, near Hawthorn. On the back of it was written the following message:— "Dear Mother—I drowned myself because I lost all my money in the races. May God bless you.—Signed D. Bell." The labour trouble at McEvoy's Mine seems likely to be solved in a manner that was never expected by the men. At a spe cial meeting of shareholders in the com pany to-day it was mentioned that since the mine was closed down owing to the refusal of the men to accept lower rates for blocking the company had kept the water down, but now funds were eo nearly exhausted that this wa9 no longer possible. The last call was only paid on 5,000 shares out of 50,000. and it was doubtful, Mr. Hal Sheppard remarked, whether Mr. J. Ii. Carle, who held most of the shares in the company, would pay any more calls. The Shareholders decided to leave mat ters in the hands of the directors pending the receipt of an intimation from Mr. Carle as to his future intentions with regard to the property. MELBOURNE, March 18. At Nagambie to-day John. Scully, a well known farmer, was driving into town when a tree fell, smashing his cart and killing him. At the city court to-day Rachel Summers, aged 18. was charged with inducing, and her husband, James Summers, with incit ing her to induce, a clergyman to cele brate the marriage of the parties without first obtaining the consent of her parent or guardian. The couple were married at Holt's matrimonial agency by the Rev. J. J. Westwood, who described himself as an unattached Baptist minister. Counsel sought to ascertain how many marriages were celebrated per month at Holt's, and how much Mr. Westwood received for his work, but witness declined to answer. The accused were committed for trial. The annual movable committee of the Manchester Unity Independent Order of Oddfellows opened its sittings to-day at Geelong. Mr. J. Reid (Grand Master) pre sided, and delivered the inaugural address, in which he mentioned that the order in Victoria now had 18 districts, 213 lodges, and 24,000 members, with funds amounting to £438,000. The increase in funds during last year amounted to £14,730, and the amount expended under the heading of sick allowances totalled £37,195. On the matter i of sick allowances, the president said the increase as compared., with the previous year was £2,485, and he was of opinion that this was mainly due to a lax of super vision over members on the sick list, and in u great many instances to the compla cency of medical men in placing members without sufficient cause on the lodge funds. The ordinary general meeting of the Emu Bay Railway Company, Limited, was held to-day. Mr. John Griee, chairman of direc tors. presided, and moved the adoption of the report, particulars of which have been already published. Mr. Grice said it had been * expected that many mines, when given a rea sonable cost of transport, would get to work, but unfortunately this anticipation had not been realized, and the reasonable expectation of new mining discoveries bad also been disappointed. He mentioned seve ral mines which would probably contribute additional traffic in the near future, and quoted figures showing that the balance of receipts over working expenses last year ■ amounted to £12,121, but that the rent and interest on debentures and the amount written off preliminary expenses converted this to a debit of £9,077. He pointed out that the company was now working from hand to mouth, and said if they could not pay rent and interest they would have to apply to the lessor and debenture holders for , concessions. The report was adopted. 1 The Pacific Cable Company in London has advised the Prime Minister that it is proposed to pay off the loan money required to start the cable, which will carry interest at the rate of 3J per cent, in terminable annuities spread over 50 years. It is hoped that the receipts will be sufficient to meet the working expenses and interest, but in the event of their not doing so the contract ing countries will have to make good the deficiency in proportion to their obliga tions. Arrangements have been made to provide the Imperial Parliament with a statement of accounts each year, and the | several parties will then be notified how the finances of the scheme stand. It is unlikely that any payments will be asked for from the Australian States before the beginning of the next financial year. The Gove ~ n a 1"~ vernor-in-Council has commuted the death sentence , passed, upon George Fagan for wife murder to imprisonment for life,' V Shipments of gold from Melbourne to* day the Omrah consist of £15,005, ship Leightan'i _ ... tween the second and'thipd levels, this evening. He was frightfully injured.. 