Random BSaies. High heels, it is said, owe their origin to Persia, where they were introduced to raise tho feel from tUe buruing sands Tjf that country. And in these latter days we have iuv-.'iiled long skirts to neutralise tho t fleet of high heels, nn3 to scrnpe up, not only the dirt, but anything else that may be handy, aud carry it home. One in vention begets another. At Buda Pesth a man of 88 attempt ed suicide recently because he foauJ himself uo longer abJe to support bis parents, agud respectively 115 un.l 110\. Police iuvostigatious confiruied the story of the unlorlunato -offspring in every particular. But one can be lieve anything of Bu.ia Pesth, «, place where ibey-have passed a Jaw that every barmaid must be over 40. It is stated that some few weeks back, Sousa, the famou3 American march composer, was conducting his equally fatuous band before an audience of twelve thousand persons in St. Louis While the baud was playing the electric light weut out suddenly. People begau to move uu easily and eome even began to in.Jh to tbe door. It was evident thst a panic was imminent and Sousa rose to the occasion. Coolly instructing his orchestra what to do he lapped his bntou on his desk and the band struck up at once tbo old famiiar air ' Oh dear, what cp.n the matter be ?' A liny ripple of laughter went ronnd aud showed that coufiJeuoe had pirtially been restored. But when the baud changed suddenly iuto ' Wait till tho clouds roll by,' the laughter deepened into a roar of merriment that only ended when the lights flushed up agiuu and tha concert was resumed, Tbe emigration from Victoria to South Africa 'is becoming a v;ry serious question. Over 500 iudividals applied for permits within the first few days after these documents first becarno available, aud it is expected that over a thousand will have gou?, or be prepared to go, h.sfore the nvnlli is over. This, is a serious matter, as wo Imve said, and not only to Victoria, but also to that Commonwealth of which the Southern State is an integral and important factor. And.it becomes especially disquieting when we compare — as we are forced to do— the emigrants from Victoria wi;h -the immigrants to Queensland. The latter are of that stamp which a country needing population must perforce accept, for the all-sufficient reason that, apparently, she can get none better — and -very few much worse ; the former are a stamp of men tbat any country might be proud 'to own. We lose strong, reliable manly workers — we get. brtck doubtful, rather hope less, very helpless, drones. This is a grave question and deserves consider ably more attention thau it has so far received. Owing 'to her condense™ beiug out of order, the cruiser Pandora was re cently prevented from leaving Ports mouth. Investigation into the cau;e of her disablement revealed tbe sur prising presence of a number of eels in tho coudeusers. This was, indeed, n case of being caught by the 'eels, and a most effectual -capture too. . Statistics just published show that 490 bull fights took place in Spain, and 30 in France during the past season, which ended on November 24'h. The number of bulls killed was 8,058. and of horses about €000. The famous faull-figbtor Auto* i - Fuentes partici pated in 01 bull fights, aud his fees amouutvd lo about £10,000. At Prague recently, an iuteiesting discovery wns made iu Teyn Church, a fine old building. The aucient monument to Tvcho Brake, the famous Danish astronomer, which is situated in the church, was heinp renovflte3, and the workmen came across two coffins containing tbo bodies of Tycho and his wife, Butli 4be bodiep were in a comparatively goo.l f-tata of preservation. The nose ?is absent from Urakt's boby, hut it is well-known time thie was lost in a duel, Tbe benrd aud clothing era wonder/uliy well preserved, as weil as a cloth cap and hi|ih Spanish boots. 