THE WORLD'S INTEREST IN THE QUEEN OF HOLLAND. The Illness, apparently a very severe one, of the young Queen of Holland, compels 'greater Interest in the world than ordinar ily attaches on humane grounds to tlie condi- tion of a 'sufferer, even when that sufferer is a lfiouareh. The Queen is virtually the last of her house, at any nite in tlie direct line. If unhappily her illness should result fatally, or if in any case slic should die without issue, tho peace of Europe will probably be involved lu tlie question, which then will inevitably arise, of the fu ture of Holland, lu most other countries , tlie answer would be' fairly obvious. ' Either a republic would be erected, as in France; 01 a new dynasty would be obtained, ns in Greece. But tlie modern "Hollanders" do not seem inclined to gpvernmeutally. enforce 1 ' ' " ' ""C-k 7 theories about the rights of man. Tlfey are apparently, content to live under the mon archical system though- tlie favor with which It is regarded may bo ascrlbable more or less to tlie. comparatively 'adventitious fascination Tersoiial sovereignty exercises when it is embodied ill a young Queen of the native line. Aud as to another dynasty, formidable objection to that is likely to, come from a source whence, indeed, tlie greater aggrava tion of the Holland question is to lie ex pected, namely, from Germany. Long ago Bismarck waggishy 'said to ;l high Dutch diplomatist; "I wonder whether your King uould not agree to the incorporation of the Netherlands in tho Gorman Goiifederation? We would make hi in Commander-in-Chief of the German fleets." To which tlie diploma tist replied brightly that lie "scarcely thought liis King would consider that promotion." In both 'observations there tvas a good deal' of tlie earnestness which proverbially often pervades a jest. The incorporation, of Hol land is looked forward to by German states men steadfastly and not unnaturally. Hol land is tlie sea front to Germany's richest "hinterland," and by commanding its outlet eai\ Influence its trade. And a weak Hol land means, in a measure, a weak Germany, representing as it may a vulnerable heel in tlie Empire's defences. The German view and aspiration have quite recently been forcefully stated by Dr. von Halle, one of the ablest of the younger German professors, and believed to be more or less inspired by the Government, if not by the Emperor AVill-iam. "Holland," says the professor in a pamphlet significantly de dicated to the German Secretary, of State, "participates in the advantages of German progress, but will not. share its burdens. She continues, as slie lias done for centuries, to draw her sustenance 'from the products of German labor. That Is an unsatisfactory state of affaire from the point of view of German welfare." The suggested remedy for this is the conclusion of ."a:, naval aud military convention and of commercial trea ties between the two nations, the timo for ; which is considered opportune in view of the fact that tlie existing treaties tire to come up for revision next year. But that would moan, in effect, absorption of Holland. Tlie German system would predominate both in peaceful aud warlike affairs— Professor vou Halle, in fact, warus the Dutch that under such a compact ns is indicated they would have to immediately and greatly increase ' their military and naval resources. For two reasons this is objectionable to tlie Holland ers. One is that at present the maintenance of their national integrity is virtually guar anteed by the Powers, and therefore, a mili tary policy is scarcely necessary, Tne other is Unit they would come under a foreign suzerainty. The latter, which may be called tlie sentimental reason, doubtless weighs heavily with the people. National ebaraeter- isUes and the relative sU'engtli of nations have clniugcd very greatly since Dutch guus thundered in the Medway and the Thames and the heroic dyke-kccpers at home suc cessively withstood the Spaniards under Philip 1L, then by far the most powerful monarch iu the world, France under Louis XIV., and England under Gromwell and Charles II. But the spirit of tlie'ir', fathers, who, as. William of Orange said, would avoid seeing their country lost by "dying in the last ditch" if necessary, 110 doubt .survives with sufficient strength to detcr'"fhe Dutch from accepting any such submergence of nationality as a close Gorman -alliance would imply by inevitably meaning German over- lordship and eventually absorption. Indeed, if we may gauge the modern Dutch spirit 'and pertinacity of purpose by the conduct of the Boers in tlie current war, the subju gation of these seemingly peaceful people would be bitterly resented by them and prove a terrible task for the would-be con querors. In such, respects appearauces are prone to be very deceptive— as in the Dutch case Louis found when he tried to subdue the people of Holland whom ho had con temptuously called' "a nation of shopkeep ers." And. even if the people .who "scooped an Empire out of the ocean" would yield to its Gorman! sation iu order to givc'.;Ni.esirablc frontages to the nation which thereby was partilly shut inland, other high parlies -would be interested in preventing sueh a transac tion. So far as the German possession of Holland, or even peaceful dominion 'over it, lire concerned, either condition would be greatly repugnant to France and Russia, especially to France. It would give Ger many all that is at present lacking in tho cherished sclieme for milking her a mighty naval Power, . and endow her with an im mensely increased wa ter front just where it is most objectionable to her potential ene mies' in Europe. In the existing condition Holland is practically a buffer State, and to Germany offensively more since it. occupies .what the Germans regard as their' natural right-of- way to the sea. The poinds, how ever, that, as a buffer State Holland suits other Powers— among tliem, possibly, Eng land— very much, better than she would as an appanage of Germany. Nor is the point of view exclusively European. The German ideal, obviously would not be realised iu Holland alone, but comprehends the Dutch colonies, particularly the American ones. It is plain enough that Germany lias for years been, systematically trying to colonise iu South America. I11 Brazil alone there are 400,000 Germans. In A'euezuela. and Colom bia the Kaiser's Government has recently been intriguing for a coaling station, for a right to deal with the local government as a friend of immigrants, for auy sort of a foot hold, in fact. Hitherto this long process has failed to yield payable results. It seems, indeed, to be the fate of Germany, in all its efforts to acquire territory or make friends with other Powers, to' have to lieg pardon aud retire just as success seemed within grasp. But the virtues of trying again are inexhaustible, and Germany would no doubt be willing to resort to them once more if there seemed to be a dnpice of get ting Dutch Guiana or the Dutch AA'est In dies. The hostility of the United States to any such scheme may .safely be assured. The Republic has consistently Indicated its de sire to be the purchaser or acquiror when American territory was in tho market or about to change hands, as the Alaska, Lou isiana, Porto ltieo, aud within the last few weeks the Danish AA'est, Indies transactions instance. Moreover there is the Monroe doc trine, that vague international precept whose limits have yet to be ascerlaiued, but iu virtue of which there is ground for suspect ing that a substantial proportion of the people of tlie United States are inclined to claim all America for the North Americans, lu auy ease as against tlie outside world. Tims tlie question of what is to happen to Holland bristles with difficulties east and west— not the least of which difficulties is implied in the hare possibility that Germany iniglit have Austrian, if not Italian backing for tlie scheme to absorb the country she needs so badly, iu which ease the attempt would probably be made In the face of oppo sition. .So that upon the health of Queen Wlllielmlna aud the perpetuation of her line, which seems' unlikely, turiis ii question fraught with enormous possibilities to the world. ' ' From Thursday to Saturday next a coronation fair will he hold at the Kogarali School of Arts in aid of tbo -funds of the St. Georgo Ladies' Benevoleut Society.. The opening ceremony will bo performed- by Miss Margaret Harris, of Littlo Bridge, 011 Thursday, at 3.30. On Friday even ing a concert-will he given by Miss Molstor and pupils. . : . I 