SUMMARY. The President of the British Local Govern ment Hoard declares that tlie Government is determined not to permit diplomacy to imperil the great sacrifices of the war. Earl Spencer, leader of the Liberal pp.rty in the House of Lords, says that it is impossible to grant independence to the Boers. An amnesty, Earl Spencer urges, should bo granted the rebels, with tho early abolition of martial law, self-government for the Boers, and a liberal expenditure upon farms. The Boer delegates have been conferring with Commandant-General Louis Botha at Klerksdorp since Monday. They are waiting for the arrival ot De La Rcy and Steyn. British newspapers are urging the Government not lo permit communications to pass between the Boer delegates iu conference at Klerksdorp and ex-President Kruger. General Sir Ian Hamilton is iu command ot the troops operating against General De La Rey's chief lieutenant, Kemp. Lord Stanley states that 450,000 small arms and 240,000,000 rounds of ammunition have been issued in South Africa since tho ultimatum. Several steamship lines, aggregating 000,000 tons, are combining with a view to furnishing a better and more frequent service between Great Britain and South Africa, The funeral procession of the late Mr. Rhodes was of a picturesque character as it passed over the liills and gorges of the Matoppos to tho grave. The grave of the late Mr. Rhodes was cut in a rock upon the summit of a steep kopje, whither the cofilu was drawn by a team of 12 oxen. The Bishop of Mashonaland ofiiciated at the gravo of Hie Iato Mr. Rhodes, and consecrated tho gruond. One thousand white people and 2000 natives witnessed tlie last rites in connection with the burial of tbe late Mr. Rhodes. The Rhodes' memorial service at St, Paul's, Loudon, was most impressive. The King and the Prince ot Wales were represented. The vast congregation at the Rhodes' memorial service at St. Paul's included the Lord Mayoc and the Australasian Agents-General. Further socialist riots havo occurred in Bel gium, and dynamite outrages havo taken place iu the Mens, Liege, and Churlcroi districts. The diplomatic relations between Italy and Switzerland have been ruptured owing to the latter's refusal to prosecute anarchist news papers. Owing to socialist threats to bring 20,000 armed miners to Brussels, ball cartridge has been served to the Belgian troops. King Edward returned to Cowes yesterday from Falmouth. The "Daily Express" reports that Sir Hiram Maxim has offered a prize ot £50,000 for a suc cessful flying machine suitable for military pur poses. It is rumored that Sir Michael Hicks-Beach will propose an import duty of od per cwt. on iiour, and 3d upon grain, without drawbacks. It is said that there is an impression in London city circles that it would be possible for the Government to issue a loan covering a permanent debt of £40,000,000. The American speculator, Mr. Yerlces, has secured a capital of £15,000,000 for his under ground electric railway projects in London. The mobilisation of Russia's Black Sea and Bal tic fleets in July, simultaneous with an un precedented concentration of troops near Odessa, is regarded as being significant. The Duke of Connaught will command the whole of the troops in the streets during the Coronation festivities, with Major-General Sir H. Trotter as chief of staff. During tlie Coronation festivities the Duke ot Connaught will be responsible for the billeting of the colonial troops. The Danish Landsthing has decided not to sell the Danish West Indies to America until tho islanders, by a plebiscite, have approved of the sale. General Jacob Smith has admitted before the Philippines Commission, at New York, that he ordered his troops to Are on 300 Filipinos carry ing a white flag. New York newspapers declare that £20,000,00(1 has been squandered on antiquated transports, and fraudulent commissions on. the purchase of supplies for tho Philippines. In tho Senate yesterday, Senator Higge (Q.) do- scribed tbe Coronation Celebrationis Bill as an other contribution to tho blatant militarism ot the time. After an amusing debate iu the Senate, tho Coronation Celebrations Bill was passed through all its stages. Tho Public Worlts Committee havo gone north to take evidence with regard to five proposed rail- ways now being inquired into. Tt Is still boned liv the solecfinn. committee of the Australian Riflo Association that a team will bo sent to Bisley this year, the £2000 re quired being raised by public subscription. Mr. Barton stated yesterday that in yiow of the recent expression of Parliament, the Common wealth Government would not in any way subsi dise a fund to send a riflo team to Bisley. No cases of plague occurred yesterday, this being the second consecutive clear tday. A plague-stricken rat was found at No. 218 Pitt-street yesterday. Medical authorities are of opinion that tho plague epidemic is diminishing, hut householders are nevertheless urged to contluuo their efforts to destroy the rats. Tho cost to data of elenneinjj done by the City Council In connection with the plague amounts to £2825. During tho last outbreak of plague tho Govern ment and municipality spent something like £100,000 in cleansing operations. Instructions were issued by tho Town Clerk yesterday that tlie wood-blocked streets were to he watered at night prior to being swept by tho rotary brushes. Tlio Norfolk Island-Fiji section of the Pacific cable was completed yesterday, and messages of congratulation were exchanged between tho Fiji aud Commonwealth Governments. Tho three members of tho Konniff family who were arrested at Springsuro immediately after the recent busbranglng incident were yesterday charged at the Rockhampton Police Court with cattle stealing. An effort is being made by the police to sur round the two Kenniffs who aro supposed to havo caused the death of Mr. Dalko nnd Constable Doyle on Carnarvon station. Yesterday the Public Works Committee agreed that the proposed deviation to avoid the Zigzag should bo carried out at a cost of £28G,872. During tho past twelve months tho funds of tlie Illawarra Colliery Employees' Association have increased by £700, and 300 members havo been added to tlie roll. A Burraga storekeeper is despatching teams to Sydney for goods, because, he asserts, tho railway freights are too high. Sir George S. Clarke, Governor of Victoria', visited Wentwortli on Tkursday.on his way to Adelaide. At the Central Police Court yesterday, Joel Goldberg, of Harris-street, was fined £1 and costs for crossing instead of dating or initialling a stamp attached to a receipt. The Kyogle, tho first of tlie two steamers built for the North Coast S.N. Company, signalled at Cape Otway yesterday en route from Glasgow to Sydney. Two blades of (he propeller of the steamer Paroo were lost, two others broken, and several plates started and strained when tho vessel went ashore at Point Lonsdale. Mr. J. Davis, Under-Secretary for Works, has been appointed as representative ot this State on the Murray River Water Commission. At tho Water Summons Court yesterday threa masters of P. and O. steamers were lined £5 and costs for allowing prohibited immigrants to enter the Commonwealth. _ Tlie master of the French steamer Annam was lined £10 and costs at tlie Water Summons Court yesterday for allowing a prohibited immi grant to land. The provincial wheat markets further ad vanced yesterday, aiul high prices wore paid for grain for stock feeding purposes. The import markets continue to show n large volume of distributive trade, aud prices remain firm iu all departments. Tlie Sydney milling market was rather qulel yesterday, apart from a good inquiry for Queens- laud gold shares, mostly at better prices. The White Cliffs opal market is quiet, only best qualities being in demand. Further good developments aro reported on tho field. Tho R. M.S. Oroya arrived yesterday from Lon don via ports, among lior passengers being the relief crew of H.M.S. Fyladcs. On tho arrival of the steamer lndradcvi from New York to-morrow she will go into quarantine owing lo an outbreak of smallpox oil board. Tho 11.M.S. Ventura is duo to-day from Sau Francisco, aud will bo berthed at Circular Quay, on arrival. i 