Items foy Cable. (From Our London Correspondent.) Prince Victor Dhuleop Singh has been adjudged bankrupt. The United States has ordered 50,000 tons of WolHh anthracite coal. Colonel M'Willinms will return to Australia by the R.M.S. Oceana. Tho Shah of Persia and suite spent £200,000 I during their stay in Paris. The missionary cruiser Southern Cross has been wrecked at Tahiti. Mr. Nicholas Fish, a millionaire, was killed in a brawl in a street of Now York. The post office at Minot, Dakota, collapsed. Six teen persons were buried in the ruins. By a lire at the Victoria Dock, London, 3,000,000 blocks of jarrah were destroyed. A Parliamentary return shows that the National Debt now amounts to £768,443,386. Rain lins fallen over the whole of India. A good harvest in tho autumn is anticipated. Tho centenary of the birth of Louis Kossuth has been celebrated with national rejoicings in Hungary. I Lieutenant Sarafoff, the President of the Mace donian Committee, has been arrested'at NÍ3I1, j ßervia. . : It ls expected that tho Crown Prineo of Prus sia will attoud tho Coronation Durhar at Delhi on January 1. The China Inland Mission 'author! ties believe I that the whole of China is' more or less in a j stato di restlessness. The King baa conferred thu Grand Cross oí tho Order of the Bath upon the Emiperor Mene lik of Abyssinia. Tho Government of India has prohibited the further export ot wild bird skins and feathers for trimmings. Russia has made a promise to transfer the Sh'an-hnl-k'wan to Niuchwang railway to China on October 10. Tho "Fanfulla," a Rome journal, reports Ihat ! China has granted Italy a commercial conces- j sion, at 'San-mun Bay. j H.M.S. Terrible has arrived at Portsmouth from China.. The crew wero received with con siderable enthusiasm. Tho craters ot La Soufrière, Saint Vincent, aro again activo. An earthquake shock was felt at 'San 'Francisco. Queen Alexandra and Princess Victoria, who . are on a visit to the King of Denmark, have ar rived at Copenhagen. It has been officially announced that the Royal procession through the city and South London will be held on October 25. Mr. W. Ismay, of Messrs. Ismay, Imrie, and Company, denies the sale of the White Star, liners to the Navigation Syndicate. The steamer Kiama came into collision with Gowrock Pier. Her bows were damaged, and she returned to Glasgow for repairs. A demonstration of 100,000 men and women at Leeds demanded the withdrawal of tho Educa tion Bill or a dissolution of Parliament. Owing' to tho prospects of a strike of coal miners in Wales,- the Danish railway transferred an order for 60,000 tons of coal to Germany. The time limit for the ratification of the Com mercial Convention between the United States and Franco has been extended for twelve months. An explosion occurred at the Algoma Mine, Northfolk. West Virginia. Many of the miners were killed. Seventeen bodies have been reco vered. The "remainder of the pictures for the Mel-, bourne Exhibition will be dispatched by the stea mer Warrigal. The total value of the col lection is £25,000. ^ In the Budget of the Netherlands the expendi ture is estimated at 164,500,000 florins (about £13,000.000), leaving a deficit of 8,000,000 florins (£040,000). The South African and Australasian Cold Stor age and Supply Company has agreed to the amal gamation with the Imperial Supply and Cold Stor age Company. Owing to fatalities which occurred in the firing of salutes at Portsmouth, on August 20, small quick-firers are superseding muzzle-loading guns for saluting purposes. The German Emperor commanded the attack ing squadron in the naval manoeuvres. Ho broke tbrough the torpedo boats, and captured'the en trance to the Elbe. - Russia has issued a 5 per cent, gold loan of £4,240,000, at 94%, for Bulgaria, the interest to be free from taxation, and to be guarnnteed by the revenue from the tobacco monopoly. As the Government of Spain objected to the presence of M. Paul Deroulede, the French Na tionalist, who was sentenced to banishment, he went to Switzerland, and is about to proceed to Austria. Tho St. Petersburg correspondent of the "Daily Express" states that Admiral Makaroff hap invented a sounding instrument, which wi'.i give a warning of tho approach of torpedoes and submarino vessels. The British Admiralty has effected wireless telegraphy communications between steamers and j submarine vessels. Signor Marconi ls establish ing a wireless telegraphy station at Rome. A batth «hip of tho type of tho Edward VII. has been ordered by tho British Admiralty from the works on tho Clyde. The first-class cruiser Ber wick, with a speed of 23 knots, has been launched at Glasgow. Tho Rev. S. Piggott, head ot tho Agoipemon Itcd, lins left London. Tho services at tho Ark of tho Covenant, Clapham, have been discontin ued. There aro somo doubts and murmurings «.nions tho Aga.pemonltea. President Roosevelt has determined not to at tompt any revision ot the tariff In tho coming session of Congress. Ho perseveres iu his at titude rogardlng tho control of trusts, and In sists on reciprocity hoing granted to Cuba. Tho decision' of tho Court o!f Chancery of New Jersey, United States, against tho conver sion of tho preferred stock ot tho United Steel Corporation into bonds has boon rovorsed on ap peal by tho CoMrt of Errors and Appeals of tho ßtnite. Tho "Frankfurter Zeitung" roports that Yung lu, Commandor-ln-Chlof of the Northorn Armj of China, with tho supnort of Russia, Is plot ting to depose tho Emporor Kwang-hsu in favoui of tho Prince who is botrothod' to Yung-lu'f niece. English mnkors of chemical apparatus invite Professor Evans, of Canterbury, N.Z., to formú lalo moro specific charges. Thoy admit tho lacli of uniformity of gatigo and regret tho absence W tho decimal standard. They add) that most of the crltlclsmB nro too BOVOVO. Advicesfrom Cap Haltten, Hay tl, state that General Nord, . after a three hours' struggle against 3000 revolutionists at Limbe, .abandoned dis positions1, guns, and ammunition. His losses were heavy. Four thousand of the enemy are' advancing'on Cap Haitlen. Floods in South Bengal, which destroyed twen ty-five villages and two bridges, and rendered 6000 persons homeless, besides doing damage to the extent of £13,000, were caused by the overflowing of tho Brahmanl and Branslai Rivers. According to the Karachi correspondent of tho "Daily Mail," twelve mountain guns and eight een field pieces, together AV!th gun carriages and 800 cases of ammunition, arrived at Peshawur, via Karachi,, and that-Hhis war material, which was from Germany,' was allowed to proceed to Cabul, Afghanistan. , The Post Office officials report that the sys tem, of typewriting by telegraphy, invented by Mr. Donald Murny, M.A., has been tried between London and Edinburgh, and that the results aro very satisfactory. Tho authorities also stated that the system will be used commercially later on. Tho report oif the German East African Com pany shows that no profits have been made except from tho coinage monopoly. It is stated that thu prospects are not improving, although tho subsidy has been raised to 4,800,000 marks. . - A. man armed-with a revolvor and.borah entered the Canadian Bank of Commerce, Skagway, Alas ka, and demanded 20,000dol (£4000). The clerks at once lied. Tho bomb occidentally fell, wreck ing tho bank, and killing the robber. The .Marquis of Salisbury, while making tho journey through Switzerland, was taken ill, and ha«-to keep to his 'bed. An English doctor prac tising in Switzerland is now attending him, and Lord Salisbury's own doctor has heen summoned .from London. A conference of representatives of German and English steamship companies held alt Ostend has decided to increase the outward lr eights to La Plata (Argentina) by 20 per cent. Freights be tween Now York and La Plata will he similarly raised. Tho Ministerialists of Spain deny thc idea of an entente win France and Russia. The Radical newspapers of Spain are sympathetic in regard to such a scheme. The Independent organs warn Spain of her vulnerability in tho event of Great Britain being her enemy, and recommend an ail llanco Avlth that Power. Lieutenant Peary, the Arctic explorer, has ar rived at Sydney, Cape Breton, from his long so journ in the Arctic regions. He reports that his highest latitude north was 84dog 17mln. Ho has ! found the loo pack north-west of Cape Hecla to be impracticable. He states that bia discoveries a,re important. Mr. D. B. Henderson, the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the United, States, In a letter declining to be nominated for Congress, cays that he does ,not believe that the evil of trusts is curable, or that the people can bo bene fltted by freetrade, wholly or partly; President Roosevelt urged Mr. Henderson to reconsider his decisión, but in vain. The investigatioms of the books of Edmund Jellinek, a clerk in the Vienna; Laender Bank,, who has disappeared, show "a. deficiency of £180,000. Two- thirds of this amount was in vested by Jellinek in various concerns. A mian named Pollak, who was his partner in the motor car business, has been arrested on a charge of complicity in the frauds. Mr. Chamberlain, in a letter to the Friendly So cieties, says it is hopeless for any Government to deal satisfactorily with old age pensions propo sals while extravagant expectations as to what is possible prevail, and the societies are divided, up on the matter. Mr. Chamberlain blames the obstructive attitude of the Trades Union Con gress. The Fram, with Captain Sverdrup's expedition, has arrived at Stavanger, Norway, from the Arc tic regions. The party explored unknown fields westward of Ellesmere Land. The discovery of deserted Eskimo dwellings showed that the northernmost limits of habitable partis of the globe had receded in recent times. M. Combes, the French Premier, has sharply ; rebuked M. Pelletan, the Minister of Marine, for his indiscreet references to foreign Powers in re cent speeches. French newspapers describe the speech of M. Pelletan at Bizerta, where he des cribed France as holding the door between the two halves of the Mediterranean, as inopportune, though it was not intended to be aggressive. Mr. Sp acer, in an airship of his own design, sailed from tho Crystal Palace, and made a suc cessful journey, covering altogether 30 miles, with detours across London. He alighted at Harrow. The speed maintained by the airship was 15 miles an hour. Tho hydrogen, which gave tho ship tts buoyancy, cost £30. Colonel Hay, the United States Secretary of State, In a circular addressed to tho Ambassadors at Washington, emphasises the peril of the Immi ! gration of a horde of paupers into America. Colo I nel Hay also, on humanitarian grounds, urges the signatories of the Berlin Treaty to compel the Government of Roumania to ameliorate the condi tion of the Roumanian Jews. Mr. W. Allan, M.P. (Radical) for Gateshead, in *ho course of a speech made a vigorous attach on the Admiralty. In his speech he referred to "our phantom fleet and skeleton crew." He said the navy was short of 14,00 firemen and 2000 engine-room artificers, and 9000 engineers. Ho described the dockyards aro being .congested with crippled cruisers. The Penzance express, while slowing down to 'twenty miles an hour approaching Paddington Station, came into collision with an engine shunt ing at Westbourne Park. Both engines were locked together by the collision, and the first coach of the express containing the luggago bore the hrunt of tho shock. 'Several passengers received broken limbs, and others were badly shaken. Ono of tho drivers shad his skull frac tured, and he is in a critical condition. .Mr.' J. I. Tarte, the Ministor for Publlo Works in tho Canadian Cahlnet, is conducting a cam paign in favour of the policy of protection. The "Toronto Globe," an organ of tho Ministry; re pudiates the action of Mr. Tarto, who replies that the hulk of the Canadians are with him in ex pecting increased protection duties when the tariff comes ,to be revised next year. There is an impression In Ottawa that Slr Wilfrid Laurier, tho (Premier, will be unable to heal tho split In tho Cabinet, and that Mr. Tarto will retiro from the Ministry. After an address had been delivered by Mr. Booker Washington, tho negro leader, nt tho Negro National Convention in tho Baptist Church, Birmingham, Alabama, a fnlso alarm of Aro was raised. A stampedo followed among tho negroes In tho church, and soon nil tho exits Vere blocked by à struggling mass. A number' -of negroes, Anding that they could make no head way against or through the crowd, climbed on thfeir neighbours, and walked over the hoads : of the crowd to the doorB and windows, The death roll numbered 115, the majority being smothered. Many others were injured.' Mr. A. J. Balfour, the Premier, in receiving i the froedom of the town bf Haddington, feel ingly acknowledged the congratulations which he ' had received from all parties on his attainment of the Premiership, and said that a brother Scot patriotically Judged a Scotchman. Mr. Balfour added, significantly, that the working of tho British Constitution was so admirable that lt enabled tho necessary and varied elements of . the Empire to assert their rightful position, and I enabled subordinate patriotism to grow and flourish without being allowed to interfere with that larger patriotism which was the essence of the life of a great Empire. I M. Zenovieff ,the Russian Ambassador at Con stantinople, recently had a long audience with the Sultan. The Ambassador called the Sultan's serious attention io Macedonia and Albania. Tho Sultan informed M. Zenovioff that ho would sanction the passing of four Russian torpedo boats through the Dardanelles under tho mer chant flag. These vessels, now prove to be torpedo-boat destroyers. Some Ambassadors consider .that the. assent given by, the Sultan is a. violation of the International Convention re gulating the traffic of the Dardanelles. Some action in regard to the passage of the torpedo boat destroyers is expected. Mr. Harry De Windt, who travelled from Paris to Dawson, Alaska, by way of Siberia and Beh ring Straits, has returned to England. In the. course of an interviow he stated that in travers ing 11,263 miles of Siberia, 800 horses, OOO rein deer, and 1)7 out of 100 dogs used by his expedi tion had died. He had informed the authorities at St. Petersburg that half ot the exiles at Slednicolynisk die mad from solitude or fear of their sentences being suddenly extended. He states that the gold discovered in 1000 in one village, that of Vitlmsk, exceeded the yield of Klondyke in its best year. Hence, says Mr. De "Windt, the. eagernees of Russia to complete the Irkutsk to Yakutsk railway,- a distance of 1800 miles. This railway will bo flnished in 1906. Sir Edmiund Barton and his party were enter-, tai ned at a 'banquet at Vancouver, and at a ban quet at Victoria. Sir Edmund, in tho course of his speeches, made allusion to thc determination ot tho people of Australia to en force the alien immigration restriction laws, and to maintain a "whito" Australia. The state» monto evoked intenso enthusiasm on both occa sions. Referring to the question of a prefer ential -tariff for British gooda, Sir Edimund re marked that (Australia would favour the mother land, not by concessions on the existing tariff, but by imposing duties on goodiS principally from Germany and thc United States. Sir John For rest said that Australia would stand no inter ference with her land forces, but the naval sub sidy must.bo eoEstdoraibly augmented. The party sailed by the steamer Aorangi on tiaturday from Victoria for Australia, 700-people giving thom a hearty send-off. Mr. Winfield Stratton, an American millionaire, o? Colorado Springs, Colorado (U.S.), who died recently, left 13,500,000 dollars (about £2,700,000) to charities. Two Frenchmen, with two guides, and three porters, who were making .an ascent of Mont Blanc, Switzerland, foll over a precipice. It is believed all have been killed. 