PITH OF THE WEEK. Qar Niholas will vilit Italy at es «arly dete Klag Victor Emanuel lateadi to Wa lttland. Madame Sarah Bernhardt had a great ratloa In Berlin. israllandt expeditioa has UIna laMely reinforced. Shipping Is paralysed at Capetown owlag to a strike. Custlom returns at Hobart last week totalled £1820 17s. Roug?h mobbed the Boor comman dants at Cambridge. Pranter Seddon had an enthusiastic reception at Auckland. The Danish Crown Prince was oordi ally received at Potadam. Canadian boo: and shoe manufao turers have formEd a trust. George Towns, the sculler, Is comlns to Australia in R.M.S. Orontes. Mr. George Wyndham hea been elect ed rector of the (;lasgow University. Ualoelats and Liberals applaud Mr. Chamberlain's visit to South Africa. Sir Anthony Macdonnell has been ap pointed TnxIr-Secretary for Ireland. The War Office has decided to deal more liberally with mwonted ofloers. Out of 40.000 repatriated Ilors none have returned to the con> ntration camps. Owing to thi- Mullah's activity Italy has sent a squa,':on to the Ilenadir Coast. Oontinental press applaud Mr C hm berlain for his decision to visit Sothb At St. Mary's Catlhedr.l. Ilobart, O0 Sunday. Miss Monica leangtry took the white ve". Thirteen thousand oe t have already been distrlboted to the burghers ia the Trsnavaal. By 11 to 2 the Legislative Connol rejected the Deceased Persoeas' htatss Duties BIlL Sergeant-Major Clapshow, of Hobert, retires from the defence force on De cember 31. H.M.I Good Hope Is to be commls sloned to convey Mr. Chamberlain to South Africa. The Zeehan Chamber of Commerce has resolved to add a mining seotion to its functions. Italy has granted Great Bnitain per mimlon to pursue the Mullah into the Itallan sphere. The 7000 tonner Kanowna has been launched at Dumbarton for the Aus tralian trade. Seventy thousand Scdtch miners have demanded an advance of 12% per cent. in their wages. Dr. E. C. Fincham, of London, and son of Mr. Jas. Fincham, ex-engineer in-chief. Is dead. The British and Foreign Bible So ciety have presented the Coronation Bible to the King. The Premier of Cape Colony has ordered the town guards to disband. loyalists Incensed. Mr. Balfour dissatisfied with the pro gress made by the Education Bill. The clo(sure threatened. Stastreff. M. Stambuloff's murderer, has been convicted at Sofia and sen tencod to be hanged. The cadata attached to the Tasma tJian defence force will go into camp for three days nexort month. The English Jockey Club has with drawn John Reiff's lioense, in pur suance of French action. The ivtv. J. Hayes has been ensgaged to assist the Rev. A. Barkway in the work of St. Paul's parish. The large consignment of amra ann ammunitlon to Ireland has attracted attention at Birmingham. Steps are being taken to recommit the Tube Bill, to enable Mr. Morgan to execute the whole scheme. The Boer generals have abandoned the t.tZmpt to secure a second inta, view with Mr. Ohamberhtaln. It is probable the Revs. J. Hayes and A. G. Lingley will conduct a mission at Stanley during December. Air. J. J. Madden his been appointed a commissioner of the Supreme Court for taking a.imdavits at l?aunceston. A tamun from launceston will com pete at the annual moeeting of the Vic torian Rifle Association next month. Sir Arthur Lawley has announced that the difficutty of supplying the buer ghers with seed has tbeen overcome. Steps have been taken by the Admir alty to provide a larger'and more effec tive naval rewerve from the mercantile lmarine. Output at the Hercules mine last week was 370 tons of ore, 160 tons being sent to Dapto. and the remainder to Zeehan. Thie Pl'acifti cable repairing steamer ]ris has been tested at Skelmorlie. on the ('lyde. She developed 14% knots an hour. Volunteer G.M. Company has orushed 460 tons of quartz, and obtained 171oz. of gold. The battery has resumed crtah ting. Sir Elliott Lewis celebrated the 41th an niversary of his birthday on Monday, ant? received numerous messages of con gratulation. Though Mount Pelee is now calm. the immense opening in the south western slope has grown to formidable dimensions. )r. Leyds has Informed the former Transvaal officials that the ex-Govetn ment Is unable to compensate them for their losses. The annual North v. South Eight Oared Race was rowed In ideal weather on Saturday, the northern crew proving easy winners. The match between the Australian Eleven and a Natal fifteen ended in a draw, rain robbing the former of a ne clsive victory. The Lorne G.M. Company was fortm eld on Tuesday. in 32.000 shares of t, each. Mr. R. F. Irvine was appointed legal manager. Mi..s Mabel Steele. of Falmouth. who hie seen considerable service in bSouth Afriue as a nurse, returned to Tasma nia on Sunday. Iteuter declares that Germany has verbally notifieds the Powers that rie does not intend to denounce the com nercial treaties. T'r NeSw York News' says Mr. Pier pont Morgan's profits from the financ ing of companies for one year is 84 n?llious sterltag. Vei.-t ms returnm at lAuncetton last we-k were £2340 4s 2d. as compared wit £3tt63 14s 7d for the correspond ing lpr od last year. Magnet S.M. Company's output for the we"k ended Saturday totalled 34 tons. 112 tons being sent to Zeehan, and the -emain ,or to Dapto. Mr. R. P. Hardy. a prominent actuary and fl:i.ncler. has been engaged to re port to the Federal Government on the subject of loan conversions. Master Warden I. Tulloch is exerting hlmself in a laudable endeavour to im prove the system of weather reports in vogue in Northern Tasmania. An Australian barrister, now a resi dent magi.trate in South Africa. fears troutble from the system of giving per manent relief to the burghers. The Attorney-4eneral (Sir Elliott Is.wist will be agatin urged to have the Zephan Court House removed to a more central poestion in the town. The South Australian colt Sojourner put up a great gallop at Flemington yesterday, when he ran a mile ano three-quartece in 3min. 9%seC. The harbour trustees intend, at great expense'. to widen ad deepen the Clyde to enable the safe launching of the hug?s Cunarders ethat are to be built. Mr. M'Cormick having recovered from his illness. the Wilmot railway commission will leave Hobart for the scene of its duties on Wednesday. An engreving of a full-length portrait of the late Sir William Denison has been presented to the Victoria Art Gal lery by Mr. II. E. Smith. of iloheart. Acordling to Sir Arthur l.swvy there is uo intention to place a burden on the Transvaal which would prevtat or delay the progress of the colony. The sentence passed upon Mr. J. 1. Farrell, NatiouiMit M.YIP., has been co? firmed, snce he has refused to abandon the pubHeation of boyootting notices. Mr. Arnold-Pbster states that the Admiralty will shortly substentially improve the amount and quality of the food supplied to the British sailors. House of Assembly adopted the select committee's recommendation for the transforence to New Town of all the Launceston invalide who can he moved A meeting of workmen at Capetown requested Premier Sprigg to warn in tending immigrants that there is a scarcity of employment in South Africa. Messrs. P. O. Fysh and Co.'s hat fac- tory in Elizabeth-street was destroyed by fire early on Wednesday. The damage is estimated at between £300 and £400. Thb poll of landowners taken .t Ulverstone on Wednesday resulted in an overwhelming majority voting for the expenditure of £19,500 on the ieven Biarbour works. Corresxpondence shows that in 1189 the late Mr. Mundella outlined the ulti mate settlement of the education) ques tion on the basis of the bill now befotore the British Parliament. Bond members of the Cape Assembly objected to increase tile salary of tbe Chief Inspector of Stock. on tihe grounds that he had acted as an Intelli gence officer during the wan. The Tunguses, or native handitti. are alarmingly active in Manchuria. Rus sia is not attempting to suppress the outbreak. though threatening re-occu pation if the railway be injured. The Reichstag. despite Chancellor Bulow. has increased the duties on bar Icy and oats. Count Bulow's organ states the Government will persevere until tile Agrarians have wreckedt the bill. Mr. Richard Provis who has been en gaged to report on the Tasmania mine, on behalf of an English syndicate, ar rived from London on Saturday. he proceeded to iBeaconfield in the after noon. 