THE MERCURY HOBART:. FRIDAY, FEB. 7, 1902. in EPITOME OF NEWS. Pickpockets still plying their trade at Launceston. Rich lode formation struck on Montana ground. "A London Arab" staged at the Theatre Royal last evening. Entries for the Derwent Yacht Club's race to-morrow close at 5 p.m. to-day. His Excellency the Governor and suite cordially received at Burnie yesterday. Train reaches Melton from Hobart 1 p'.in..to-day, and passes Melton 3.50 on return. Band concert, Tasmanian Tourist Association, University Reserve, this evening. Prizes won at Glenorchy Horticultural Society's summer show must be claimed before the 24th inst. Zeehan Hospital Board. Messrs. D. McLennan, E. W. Kidd, 9. Thow. J. Armstrong, and J. Lacey. \- Captain W A. B. Perceval will have charge of E. Company, 1st Battalion of the Tasmanian troops for South Africa. Captain A. Morrisby, M.L.C., has been nominated to command E Company, 3rd Battalion, but appointment not yet confirmed by As sister of Defence. London small-pox still on the increase. At London wool sales, Merinoes firm. Crossbreds lost the mid-week advance. Australian acceptances published for forthcoming races in England. London wool sales closed with no material change on opening rates. Colonel Byng has captured De Wet's last pom-pom. £12,000 compensation paid to Italians deported h" British from South Africa. Cutter Florence has put in at Derby, W.A., in a dismantled condition. Some Melbourne residents heavily fined for attempted evasion of income tax. Scottish Horse have made numerous captures from De La Ray's commando. Copper quotation dropped to £2 12s. 6d. in London. Parliament of W.A. will probably be prorogued next week. General Hutton says that shooting at fixed targets is elementary work. A.J. Club increase added money in programme for 1903 by 3,000 sovs. I Directors of Lake View mine defer pay-] most of dividend declared in January. Belgian newspaper publishing Conan Doyle s refutation of slanders on British Army. | France and Russia confidentially approved Dr. Kuyper note, but the Powers remain strictly neutral. Names of 282 Victorian residents desir- ing seats at the Coronation have been forwarded to the Agent-General. Federal House of Representatives yesterday fixed excise duty on beer at 2d per gallon. Legislative Council, WA.s demand a commission of inquiry into public works contracts. Robert Billson Hawkins, farmer, Victoria, committed for trial for wife murder. Bill to legalise marriage with a deceased wife's sister read a second time in the House of Commons. Gallantry of New Zealanders in recent brush with De Wets force specially mentioned. Foreign Relations Committee, of US. Senate reports favourably on treaty for purchase of Danish West Indies. Canadian Provincial Premiers not likely to make same claims for Coronation privileges as Australian State Premiers. George Fagan stands committed for trial for wilful murder of his wife at Cheltenham, near Melbourne, on the 15th It. Locomotive engine on fire at Princes Bridge station, Melbourne, yesterday. Spark set packing alight. Accident at Armidale races (N.S.W.) yesterday. Stephen Callinan, jockey, seriously injured. Federal House of Representatives continued consideration of tariff yesterday, excise matters being dealt with. Federal Attorney-General states that legislation will probably be necessary in regard to administration of quarantine laws. Federal Treasurer obtaining par to a- [ lan of duty paid in each State on ooou j fend shows once imposition of the face, al j tariff. State Premier says that Victoria mill is not charge the Imperial Government com' mission on expenditure OF Victorian troops. Conviction for deceptive labelling of meat in May last by one of the War Office contractors called attention to by Earl ' Carrington. Building in which bearers of Miss ; Stone's ransom were sleeping set on fire i Turkey objects to it being paid on Ju, re' wh soil. 2 The Boer delegates at present in till I land angrily contest Lord Lansdowne i [ statement that they have no voice as he ! Boer councils Federal Senate passed the PURE. i y vice Bill through committee, and jcpo ' stage yesterday. Some material are is j bons were made Talk in United States of granting in 1 e pendence to Filipinos Feeling growing in America that the islands are trouble- ' some and costly. , Lord Salisbury unable to understand j precise object of Dutch Government is re- I cent action. Thinks probably British pro- Boers prompted" it. j Sir J. A. Cockburn considers Bun- ! ganan remount" scandal ah on s necessity I for establishing remount depots in AUS- { tralia. _ j MR. SEE, the Premier of New South Wales, has explained at some length to a reporter of the Sydney "Herald ' his reasons for making the stand which he has made in regard to the Coron.tL-.jii invitations. The matter, though only at first sight of mere etiquette, is, in realty, of very grave importance, as it 100 to the root of the relations of the scales to the Federation. Already two very serious questions have been raised, which I would, assuredly, be taken to the High Court if it had been appointed, but which will have to be decided some time in an authoritative manner by a competent tribunal. Both these question, involve the relation of the States to the Federation, and it is easy to see that others will arise before long, especially if the Federal Parliament is dominated by the Labour Party, which is always ready to impose restrictions on the free action of others, in order to promote what it. foolishly enough, believes to be the interests of Labour as distinct from and in hostility to capital. One of the questions we referred to yesterday, and it is the very important one as to whether the Federation has a right in law - for morally it cannot have s shadow of one - to use the Federal machinery to frustrate what a State has declared by express legislation to be legal and even desirable on the grounds of public morals. This question alone involves the relations of the States to the Federa- tion in all their forms, as what is done to-day in the interest, as assumed, of general morality, may be done next year on a similar plea in regard to other matters. Already a claim has been set up for the regulation of education by the Commonwealth; that claim may be pushed into active interference some day, in which event the Labour Party, aided by a few fanatics, may insist on all public education being strictly of a secular character. Hence, the wisdom of making a stand for State Rights, as soon as they are assailed in any form. The other question is the prohibition against the admission of any immigrants into any State who come out under a contract to work. The other day a number of Italians were prevented landing in Western Australia, solely because they had contracted to work for a mining company, a proceeding which may, possibly, lead to serious international complica- tions. For, it is quite possible that foreign nations may retaliate, in which case hundreds, we might say thousands, of British workmen who are employed all over the world as engineers, superintendents, and directors of labour generally, may find their occupations gone. Moreover, it may fairly be questioned whether the law is constitutional. The Federation is granted the power to regu- late immigration and emigration, and to make special laws in regard to the people of any race, except the aboriginal race. This, of course, carries with it the power to exclude Chinese, Japanese, Italians, or Frenchmen, or, in fact, the people of any race against the admission of whom a law may he made. But, it does not empower the Federal Legislature to exclude Italians solely because they are under contract to work. The question is not one of a white Australia or of the influx of the Asiatic races, is, in fact, not a question of race at all. It is not even a question of the influx of what is called the cheap labour of Europe, because no one doubts for a moment that these Italians would have been admitted without demur, if they had been ordinary immigrants coming to seek their fortune on the goldfields, as did thousands of foreigners in the early days of Victoria. The law, then, is directed against the right of a private citizen to get his work done in the way that he finds best, and it, moreover, would prevent a State send- ing to Europe or America for experts to show how to grow particular plants or crops, such as the vine. It would even prevent the landing of experts in mining special ores under an engagement, and might have been so applied as to leave the West Coast undeveloped. Such a law appears to us to be ultra vires, and the sooner its value is tested the better, as it is but the prelude to other restric- tive legislation. Already, then, we see that State Rights are involved in two important directions, for the Federal Legislature has undertaken to limit State action in matters which are entirely within the functions of the States. They have not, either directly on indirectly, surrendered their right to deal with labour as they please, and to regulate what may be called public morals, and the interference with these matters, whatever the plea for it may be, is a direct infringe- ment of the federal compact. The Premiere of the States, with the exception of our own, have not seen fit to protest against these things, because they are service to the influence of the Labour Party, and ready to avert the well- meant but quite misapplied objections of what is called the religious world. But, Mr. See has set forth his and his fellow Premiers' objections to the way in which the Coronation invitations have been issued, not, as he says, so much because he objects to New South Wales being ranked below New Zealand, as because he wishes so put the States in their right position, as sovereign bodies, just as independent now as they were before the Federation came into existence. He objects, and objects properly, to these States being placed is the same ranks as the Canadian Provinces. He said " In Canada the Dominion Government practically dominated the Provinces. Here, however, we have still sovereign States, with a Governor appointed by the King. The State Governments are just as important as political bodies as they were before the consummation of Fede- ration." Now, this is, beyond all doubt, a correct new of the position of affairs, but it carries with it something more, a very great deal more in fact, than an, objection to the kind of invitation to a ceremony. It carries with it. certainly on moral and equitable grounds, the existence of free tariff idttaH every State had, and which has not been given over in a- { press words. The object of the Imperial Government is plain. It desires to deal with one representative of Australasia as far as possible, for which reason it only recognises officially the Federation and New Zealand. Had New Zealand joined, she, too, would have been left out of the official invitation to the Coronation, but being still independent, she is honoured equally with the political head of the Federation. No doubt, the Imperial authorities hold the States to be merged in the Federation, and have not mastered the broad distinction between our position and that of Canada, where the Provinces have been expressly made subservient to the Dominion. But, as we know, the Australasian States declined to be placed in such opposition. They not only decided to follow the American example, but they even asserted their Rights in a more distinct manner, for there have always been some doubts as to State rights in the United States. Here there is none at all. Whatever is not within the four corners of the Constitution belongs to the States, and we take it that if there is room for a doubt, that doubt would be decided in favour of the States, on the ground that the whole Constitu- tion shows that the States meant not to surrender a single power which is not expressly set forth. We hold, therefore, that the Premiers are in the right in demanding to be treated as the heads of sovereign States, and properly refuse to be dependent on the good-will and good offices of Mr. Barton, as the political head of the Federation. Such a suggestion shows great ignorance of the situation; ignorance which is rather surprising in these days, when the colonies are supposed to be the special care of the Imperial Government. But, while the Premiers may be commended for assert- ing their fights on a point of etiquette, they must be, as a body, blamed for not protesting against the infringement of uto rights is other and more serious matters. THE extraordinary quantity of space given by the English press to comments on the speech of Lord Rosebery at Chesterfield, is something that the colonial observer can hardly explain. The speech itself is neither very wise nor very witty, and, if we can trust some of the critics, it dragged very much towards the end, for Lord Rosebery's oratorical flights are hardly of the Gladstonian order. The speech seems to have shaken up party politics to a very considerable extent, but it does not appear to have done much to reduce the party to an agreement. Indeed, as far as we can judge, what was confused before is now confounded, for the press is saying that Lord Rosebery must go on and lead the party, while the Campbell-Bannerman party is professing to rejoice at Lord Rosebery having come over to its side. What does all this mean to the colonies, where there is a strong desire to know decidedly what is to be done in regard to the war? The papers, we see, even some that we have been used to regard as moderate and consistent, are full of projects for the defeat of the Salisbury Ministry, and they do not scruple to advise a party attack as soon as the Liberal party can be united. Now the success of that party at this particular time would mean an indefinite prolongation of the war, or the huddling up of a peace which would render the sacrifices made practically in vain, and would prepare the way for another war at some perhaps not very distant, date. One theory is that it is necessary, for the welfare of the country demands "an alternative Government," which appears to mean that there is not a sufficient check upon the present one. Whether that is so or not we shall not undertake to say, but so far as the Empire is concerned, nothing can be, to our mind, clearer than that until the war is absolutely over, and a settlement arrived at, nothing could be more disastrous than the advent to power of the Liberal party, after what its leader and its organs have said about the war. The mere fact would be taken to show that the people are weary of it, and that they are ready to make peace on nearly any terms. The Boers are not people to negotiate with. Their whole course of conduct shows that they believe in nothing but force, and the moment there is any relaxation the whole case will be opened again. We confess that we wonder that Lord Rosebery did not see that the time is a most unfortunate one in which to commence I a party struggle. THE output of the Zeehan silver-lead field for January must be looked upon as satisfactory. The low prices of silver and lead have necessarily reduced the value of the product, but, in point of quantity, the field has by for exceeded its previous record, which was 2,986 tons in November last. Comparing the past month's output with that of January, 1901, we have 3,112 tons of ore, of a net value of £16,34, as against 1,602 tons, of a gross value of £23,612, or net value of £15,998. The custom in the past has been to publish the gross value of the ore sold, but this appears to have been somewhat confusing to shareholders and others interested in the mines, so that in future the actual prices received by the mineowners will, as far as obtainable, be given. To arrive at a true conception of the field's output, not only the tons of ore and the net value thereof should he given, but their total silver, lead, gold, and copper contents. Then, any statisti- cally inclined or investigating shareholder would be enabled to calculate, if he desired, the gross value of the ore his mine produced, and make comparisons. Unless, however, it be made compulsory by the Mines Department it is scarcely likely that the busy mine managers, or ore buyers, will go to the trouble of supplying this information. The fact | that the quantity of ore won monthly for the past half-year has steadily in creased proves that the Zeehan, field is, as it ought certainly to be, in a better position now to produce ore than ever before. All that is required to make the industry prosperous is a rise of a couple of pounds per ton in lead, and of a couple of pence per oz. in silver. With lead steady at 12-13 10s. per ton, and silver at 2s. 3d. per oz., our West Coast silver-lead field should pay well for, owing to the highly argentiferous character of its galena, a high. lead market is not indispensable to profitable working, as is the case of many fields which produce only, non argentiferous galena, or refractory silver-lead ores. The present tendency of the metal markets appears to be towards better prices. Indeed, lead, copper, and tin have all had a substantial rise during the past fortnight, and it would seem that the bottom has been touched, and' recovery commenced. £ 1 THE CASK or TATTERSALL. The action of the Federal Government, through the Postmaster-General, in expressing the intention, after next month, to prohibit the delivery of letters sent through the post to "Tattersall," has not yet been won sidered by the State Cabinet of Tasmania. Ministers say. however, that the matter will be considered and dealt with at an early date. THE SECRETART ron Mores. Mr. W. H. Wallace, the Secretary for Mines, were absent in Launceston yesterday. It is expected he will return to Hobart to- morrow. BACK FROM THE WAS The ss. Karamea which arrived at Hobart on Wednesday night from Capetown, brought 28 officers and men for New South Wales. The officers- were Major H. H. Browne, of the 3rd Imperial Bushmen, Captain Parsons, and Lieutenant Hopkinson, re- mount officers. The party, except Major Browne, left for Sydney on Thursday, at 7 p.m. by the s.s. Oonah. Seven men for Victoria left for Launceston on Thursday morning, en route for Melbourne, per ss. Coogee, in charge of Major Browne. The troops for New Zealand, 16 in number, left on Thursday night in the Karamea for their own colony. UNCLAIMED TELEGRAM. A message addressed, "Mrs G. Hay, care Mrs. J. Kearney, 29 Liverpool-street," awaits claimant at Telegraph Office. "TASiuiaaw Matt.'^-Th, contents at Mr W' S??. of A. Mail." it fully detailed, would necessitate a long paragraph. It will suffice to touch upon the most salient points in the compound of the week's news. The record of the great annual sporting carnival is continued, and the concluding events of the Cup week are graphically described The Bank of Van Diemen's Land shareholders' meeting it reported. The Right Rev. Dr, Meiklejohn's address at St. Andrew's, the Attorney-General's' Conference, National Council of Women, the cost of Federa- tion, Dairying in Tasmania, Autocratic Blundering, Suppression of Racing; Sweeps, the North Mount Lyell Company, the South African Wai Slanderous Ally. I gations, are some of the hcadnaeB which catch the eye. Full space is given to European and inter-State cabled news. Federal Parliament doings and tariff alterations have as a matter of course, close, attention, so also has Tasmanian town and country news, and horticultural, pxa moral, and floricultural hints in due sea- son are not forgotten. "Appleblossom,"in. his weekly compilation of farmers' tests with fresh faces, presents much practical information. "Lynx" has been, as usual, on the alert, and has snapped some crop e morsels The ladies' column has been. made interesting, and fiction is supplemented with startling met. Eady's visit to Sydney to practice for the fourth test match IS dealt with by "Nat Lee" in the cricket page, and a very interesting statement is given of the stalwart Tasmanian's batting and bowling performances from 1885-6 right up to date. In addition, there is the usual budget of news looked for by cricketers and lovers of the summer pass time. DELAY IS PCBHCATION - Yesterday, delivery of "The Mercury" to town and country subscribers was delayed, to what many, no doubt, considered an unconscionable extent. This was, however, unavoidable. A bad break in machinery occurred shortly after the paper went to press, and it was not until mid-day had passed that repairs could be completed. CoucH NEWS February issue of this publication is in the hands of subscribers. Editorially, it deals with the recent visit of a large number of eminent men of science from the neighbouring States to Tasmania. Referring to the connection between religion and science, the article says -"To those who ding staunchly to the old Creeds, as we Tasmanians for the most part still most happily do, there was an added pleasure in the visit, because of the clear note struck again and again, in the president's address of a profound faith in our religious beliefs and a farm adherence to our religious conceptions and principles . . That section of the presidential address which deals with organic evolution is admirably conceived and worked out. It is well worthy of the most careful study, and should convince any reader, who has become somewhat shaky in his faith, that the present condition of the universe is due to either guidance or pre arrangement.' ' FEDERAL INQUIRY COMMITTEE ON DEFENCES. \- Major Bridges, R.A. Artillery, and Major V. Owen, Staff Officer for Engineer Services, who have been, since July last, on a tour of inspection of all Australian defences, concluded their labours in Tasmania, and left for Melbourne on Thursday, 30th ult. They made an exhaustive inspection of the batteries, guns, torpedo defences, and all war material, both in Hobart and Launceston, including experiments with the heavy guns here. Although not so up-to-date as some of the Australian defences, the inspecting officers found one of the Derwent batteries not behind the main- land forts in important particulars, and were much pleased with the alterations I recently carried out in it by the State i Commandant. VOLUNTEER MINE. - The Government have decided to supplement, by £10, the reward of the same amount offered by the directors of the Volunteer Mining Co., Mathinna, for the discovery of the person who wilfully destroyed some machinery on the mine. THE TROOPS FOR SOUTH AFRICA. - The transport Manchester Merchant will leave on Sunday, the 16th, for Capetown. with the Tasmanian troops now prepar- ing to embark. Captain W. A. B. Perceval will have charge of E. Company 1st Battalion. Captain A. Morrisby, MLC.. has been nominated captain in command of E. Company, 3rd Battalion, bat the appointment has not been yet formally i made by the Minister of Defence, Sir 1 John Forrest. Drill is going on vigor | ously at New Town The Manchester Merchant is expected to reach Hobart on the 14th inst. She will call at Adelaide and Fremantle, en route for Durban, Natal. [ THE AGENT - GENERAL FOR TASMANIA The following letter appears in the Ldk don "Times":-"Sir,-Hy some inadvertence it is stated in your leading columns this morning that Sir Andrew Clarke is now Agent - General for Victoria and Tasmania. I have held the above mentioned office us to Tasmania during this year, and have been re-appointed for another 12 months. As the error is likely to lead to confusion in some quarters, I should esteem it a, favour if you will have just a short correction inserted. If this were merely a personal matter, I should not have written about it, but my duty to my Government compels me to trouble you Yours truly, Alfred Dobson. Office of the Agent - General for Tasmania, & Victoria-street, S.W., Dec. 28." VISITORS' NOTE Many visitors, and also Hobart residents, will be pleased to hear that Mrs. Reid, wife of the Right Hon. George H. Reid, P.C., K.C., member of the Federal House of Representatives for East Sydney, is at present staying at the Orient Hotel. CITY POLICE COURT.-On Thursday, before the Police Magistrate (Mr. B. Shaw) and Mr. W. H. T. Brown, J.P., Sub Inspector Kemp prosecuting, am elderly woman named Catherine Bradford pleaded guilty to the larceny, on the 5th inst.,. of one gold chain, one sovereign, one pair of trousers, and other articles, valued at 15, the property of A. T. Paget, Park street. There being several previous con- victions against defendant, the Bench imposed a sentence of twelve months. Gilbert Gerald A'Beckett, charged with forgery, was remanded for a week. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY The usual committee meeting of the Hobart Benevolent Society was held on 6th instant. The following report of the registrar for the week ending 6th inst. was read and adopted: "Number of families relieved, 181, 54 men, 175 women, 337 children; total, 566." Three fresh applications for aid were received MDLLE. ANTONIA. DOLORES (TREBELLI). The appearance of the great French soprano at the Temperance-hall next Tuesday, is looked forward to with keen interest. Mdlle. Dolores, when in Western Australia lately, was accorded an ovation wherever she went; in fact, she was treated with the honour that is due to such a Queen of Song. Whilst at Kalgoorlie, Mdlle. Dolores and her friend, Mdlle. and our, went down the Golden Horseshoe mine, and also enjoyed the novel experience of a camel ride. The famous singer was serenaded outside her hotel, both at Kalgoorlie and Coolgardie, by the various musical societies, and, in response to the enthusiasm of the crowds beneath the balcony, she came forward and gracefully sang Eckert's Swiss Echo Song," which excited quite a furore. When at Kalgoorlie, Mdlle. Dolores met with an exciting experience. A fire broke out at the Palace Hotel, in which she was staying, and had not the star soprano's friends been close at hand, she would have lost everything, as her rooms were gutted. The fire started in a room a few yards from those occupied by Mdlle. ' Dolores and Mdlle. and our, and had not willing hands come forward immediately to render help, all her jewellery and concert dresses, costing hundreds of pounds, would have been destroyed. Mdlle. Dolores music was amongst the last things saved. D.V.C. At the request of the promoters of the fete and gymkhana, to be held at Bellerive on Saturday, 6th inst., the committee of the Derwent Yacht Club have decided to start the race for James Watson and Sons' trophy, arranged for the same day, from Bellerive, at 3 o'clock. The starting buoy will be off the usual point used in Bellerive races. This should prove an additional attraction to the fete, especially as the race is open to all boats on the club register. .CoMKOHWiALTK FAIR. - The fair, in I aid of St. Joseph's Presbytery Fund, was continued in the Town - ball on Thursday. There was a large attendance, particularly in the evening. A shooting gallery has been added to the arrival attractions, land the refreshment-rooms are a f favourite centre of social inter course. The stall-holders did a stirring business on Thursday. The fair will be continued this afternoon and evening. To-night special musical performances will be given. Mr. J. R. McCann's excellent Imperial Quadrille Band will perform, Mr. Arthur C. Reed will give organ recitals, and Mr. M. Vincent will play cornet solos. BELLERIVE. - In connection with the fete and gymkhana to be held at Bellerive to-morrow, the Derwent Yacht Club have consented to start their races at Bellerive, passengers to the fete will therefore have a good view of the yachts. The ping-pong tournament will probably be some of the best patronised shows, and this will be continued in the evening; as at the character - reading, sale of cakes, tea, etc. There is to be a concert and burlesque entertainment at 8 o'clock. FITZGERALD'S' CIRCUS. - Messrs. Fitzgerald Bros' circus will give a performance at Sorell this evening. and at New Norfolk to-morrow night. The company had to make a long stage from Esperance after performing there last night. 