J J I e n e i n d J E a U e r s . Sill :u Major-General Hutton came our troops are h' isic trained for real warfare under men who know Vhoir business—no more play soldiering. In themi •uii light of Easter Monday Major Sir Malcollll M liucharn was one of the umpires. Things like i is gives one confidence, for Sir Malcolm is chock full of practical military knowledge. He couM oil a bayonet from a shovel, or a gun carriage from water cart every time. The non-teetotal section of the A.N.A. delegates id Ballarat as the lemonade conference. At no less than three receptions the visitors were invited in a chilly atmosphere to charge their glasses with "ingerale or tonic beer. Never did an association "athoring show such a retiring disposition. One of the North Melbourne delegates reporting to his branch said that " the people of Ballarat gave the natives a most cordial welcome—in fact it was nothin" else but cordials not even a trace of whisky." An A.N.A. delegate at Ballarat said that the association had been advocating technical education ''"always, lately, frequently and perpetually." This reminds us of a peroration of Mr. Hume Cook's in which lie described the land tax as " an impost of taivible value to mankind, to humanity and to everybody." But what about Melbourne? "shouted mi irreverent intei'jector. , Two or three weeks ago the Aukna commented oil the Brisbane Street's funny indignation with Labour Members for not putting in eight hours; • graft per day at their trades, and merely giving the fag end of their time to parliament, as patriotic ,, merchants and professional men are alleged to .'do. . We are glad to see the Sydney Worker agrees with our strictures but why does it credit them to the Tocsin? The American Declaration of Independence as also the Constitution declare, that the right to govern depends upon the free consent of the governed. How far America lias departed from this fundamental principle of justice may be seen no less in the Philippine war than in an episode which occurred during the negotiations for the purchase, now concluded, of the Danish islands in the West Indies. The Danish monarchical Government asked that the ratification of the bargain should be made dependent upon the result of a referendum of the inhabitants of the islands. The Republican Government of the United States refused to do so and insisted upon purchasing the people as so many cattle without asking whether they liked it or not. And now comes the information that £100,000 has been distributed as bribes to American politicians before they would agree to the bargain. Whether the Committee of Enquiry will enquire or whitewash ;-whether if it enquires it can find evi dence to convict remains to be seen. But certainly corruption has eaten the heart out of the Eepublic, which is now a democracy in name only, and in reality an imperial plutocracy worse than any openly despotic Government. The latest American Trust performance should interest Australian farmers and graziers. The American Meat Trust has for some years reduced the price of cattle and increased the price of meat over a large area of the state while underselling other countriesin Great Britain. Now, accordingto lust Monday's cable, it has so forced up the price of meal as to render it prohibitive to thousands of families, and to increase the profits of the Trust by •I'-Ji I,I >00,000 a year. This day-light robbery would be impossible without the duty, for Canadian, Argentine and Australian frozen meat would im- T mediately come to the relief of the consumers. As it is, the trust may safely harvest its millions from the starvation of the American working classes. And to this policy the term of " Protection " is humourously applied. When the same policy produces like results in Australia the people will' begin to appreciate the humour of it, and perhaps will bar practical joking. ; gentle art of summing up. Question for 'the'ju'ry. w decide. Was a certain door a source of danger ?"'Judge Williams, as reported in the ^Hffiild/g " His own view was that the door was a- terrible source of danger. Any child in the house might hwy^ rqri down the passage, opened the door, fthd\stei)p'edout into destruction The jury MrgW mink he was summing up unfairly against the defendant, but he could not help speaking as he did in view of the evidence It was said by the defence that in passing through the said door plaintiff did so without taking reasonable means of discovering where it led to. That was a funny plea. How could the man. when passing into space, pause to discover anything ? His Honor left the jury to answer that-(laughter)-it was too difficult for the court. On ihe question whether plaintiff was drunk." .... " Don't be influenced by my opinion, gentlemen," continued His Honor, " but I must say this, that in all my experience as a judge I never heard such flimsy evidence in support of an allegation of this kind as was given by the defendant in this case, and I have been 21 years on the Bench." These are extracts from the "summing up" which the ju.lge was so morbidly sensitive as to think the jury might consider unfair and which he generously told them to entirely disregard. He was just blowing off steam to amuse himself. Of course he was supposed to be there in a judicial capacity, but is not a judge a man, though he wears horse-hair, and may he not, like any other man, have his little fling ? He is merely summing up, and what he happens to say in summing up does not matter in the least The jury, he is confident, will have far too much sense to take any notice of it. The morality we expect under Protection. An American visitor, strolling through the Parliamentary lobbies with a friend, saw Mr. Kingston pass into the chamber : " AVho's that bundle ? " he asked his companion. " That's the Minister of Customs ? " " Indeed ! Has he had charge of the Customs long ? " "About a year and three months." " My, I guess he must be a rich man." Our Alien Immigration Restriction Bill is not intended to keep out Asiatics or coloured people, but only those, white or black, whose defective education grates upon our nerves. Such is the dreary hypocrisy to which the Federal Parliement has committed itself in order not to offend Japan —and not to deprive Mr. Barton of the light of' Mr. Chamberlain's countenance. It is all right for Barton and Chamberlain, but Japan will want to see how that act works before it thanks Australia for so kindly considering its feelings. It had a sample the other day, if report speaks truly, when the editor of a large Japanese newspaper, who wanted to broaden his views by travel, was not allowed to land in Melbourne. Editors must be terribly badly educated in Japan. At Albert Park, Melbourne, the other day when artillery and infantry both wanted to manoeuvre on the same ground. Lieutenant Crouch, M.H.R., covered himself with glory by ordering his men to fix bayonets and resist the charging artillery. A poor old brewery cart horse serving in one of the guns received a bad bayonet wound in the neck, which was stitched up, but there were no other casualties. The artillery men found strong language a very present help in their time of trouble and threatened dire things as to what they would do in the future when they got the infantry in camp. The Easter downpour, however, caused the abandonment of the camp and soaking the fields of Lane;- warrin with water prevented their being soaked in blood. The only other occasion we believe on which artillery has been known to charge infantry was at the battle of Fuentes D'Onoro in the Peninsula War, when the English horse artillery galloped with guns limbered up among the Frenchmen. The French had no Crouch with them, and suffered much more severely than the infantry at Albert Park. Talking of the abandoned encampment a mounted infantry officer sent a piano down to Langwarrin to enliven the evenings when duty had been done. It returned a tank with more gallons of water than notes in it. " Child," said the business-like matron, acting as leader of the visiting Committee, turning to the dirty-faced little girl chewing gum in one corner of the room in the tenement house. " wouldn't you like to live in a better part of town than this?" " No, ma'am," said the dirty-faced little girl, " but when I get bigger I'm goin' slummin' through your part o' town some day."— The biggest price ever paid for a book was £8 ( J00. given for an original copy of thePsalterium, published by Faust in 145 l J. It was bought by Bernard Quaritch. The toll tor passing the Suez Canal is 7s. 2d. a ton, with 8s. a head for passengers, so that a 4000 ton steamship, with 200 passengers, would pay over £1500. Chicago Tribune. There is no class upon whom the early closing sections of the Shops and Factories Act presses so hardly as upon barbers and hairdressers. Buyers of other commodities if they fail to get them at one time probably get them at another, and the seller therefore does his trade. But the purchaser of a shave or haircut wants it at the moment. A shave gone for a day is gone for ever, as far as the barber is concerned. The customer may shave himself or may go unshaven if he finds the saloon closed when he turns up in a hurry, but in either case he will not have two shaves next day to make up.. Then if a man goes to get his hair cut and finds the. bliop shut, as likely as not he will wait another week for a crop ; and the business once gone, can never be recovered. Suburban barbers' shops open in the. evenings once supplied the, place of clubs, Avhere men dropped ip to see their friends'and yarn on sport or politics. Their cltising at those hours is . a first rate thing for public houses, which now supply the void. ' Factory legislation is still in its exoerimental stage, and results so far are not particularly brilliant. But there is no need to despair. Australian working-men have been too long accustomed to a com • paratively high wage standard to long put up with conditions under which they cannot secure it. The workman insists and• probably will insist on having his two pounds a week or thereabouts, and factories legislation is an attempt to secure it for him. It seem? likely enough .'toKfail,- .if it does .he will look'elsewhere. All wealth .produced is divided between; the . wage Lanier, the ^capitalist and the landlord.' - When.the -wage, earner finds that he cannot get anything.more: out of the ^capitalist, and in fact is going near to killing the goose that lays the golden eggs,, then wage- earner and capitalist will turn their joint attention.to' the landlord. . A land values tax will reduce rents arid make things better for the men who aid production with their work or money.- Disappointment with thfe Factories Act and bad times generally are; practically certain to result in a good stiff measure of land values taxation, and when, that is imposed good-times will come again. • - • • Good times seem far''/enough: away at present. Business men of every calling/report a stagnation in" business, and see nothing.hopeful in the outiopk. There is, in fact, not much cause for hope, since ba.d as things are. there seems no particular reason why they should improve! Men' are leaving the State by hundreds, the season promises a poor yield of butter, the gold yield is. decreasing, no new factories are being erected, and those iri : existence have to face the competition of 'New South Wales. Bred in the enervating'atmosphere of protection, they will feel that competition keenly when they are pitted against the sturdier industries of the sister State, which have gro wn up under freetni.de. The only chance for Victoria is to settle more people on the land, and only a tax on land values will make the land worth settling on cheap enough to be available to the people. One of the best judges on ;ithe "Victorian, Bench for many years has been Mr. Justice Holroyd.'a thoroughly sound lawyer-with plenty of commonsense, and without that tendency to confound the bench with ihe pulpit, that mania for preaching which possesses some of his brethren. It is therefore much to be regretted that he is becoming so painfully slow 111 his conduct of cases that they sometimes take, before him, double the time in which another judge would run them through. Thoroughness is a good thing in moderation, but thoroughness, as now understood by Mr. Justice ^ Holroyd, is good only for the lawyers. The latest American 3ix masted schooner, which is built to carry (iOOO tons of coal, is not to be absolutely dependent upon the wind, being furnished with a small propeller worked by a hundred horse power engine, which relieves her of dependence on tugs in entering harbour, and enables her to crawl out of a dead calm at three or four knots per hour. Mr. Isaac Harris, an old colonist in his 'J'Jth year, who recently gave some interesting reminiscences to the ARENA, died a few days ago, just failing to reach the 100 scored by his father and mother. He had been 82 years in Australia, arriving in New South Wales in 1820, and going shortly afterwards to Tasmania. The Argus " lifted" a third of a column of his ARENA reminiscences without acknowledgment, and gave them to its readers under the big type heading of " Eighty-two years in Victoria," which was all the Argun's own. Many statements have been made to the effect that the Right Hon. G. H. Iieid is likely to accept a federal position outside Parliament. We have his authority to state that as one of those who took a leading, part in bringing about Federation, he felt it his duty to give no less than five years to Federal Parliament life, and he will accept no paid federal position during that time, except a seat on the treasury benches. And when he gets that it will not be as the gift of Mr. Barton. Building in Sydney has slackened off since the federal tariff has come in, and nearly all speculative building has ceased. The following are the average daily wages paid in Sydney and suburbs :—Bricklayers (good) lis.; Masons, 12s. to 14s.; Carpenters (good), 9s. to 10s.; Plumbers, 10s. to 12s.; Electricians (working), 13s. to 14s.; Bricklayers' laborers , 8s. to it.?.; Navvies, 7s. Black and White, which takes more interest in things Australian than most English papers, gives a picture of Orange, among other proposed federal sites, and describes it as " the very mart of the West of Australia." The same paper mentioned Sydney as " that capital of which Victoria is so justly proud." England is not yet strong on Australian geography, but has apparently learnt at last that Australians generally are bipeds, if not white —although a rustic recently, seeing a kangaroo exhibited in a peep show as "An Australian Native," "was heard to remark: "Heavens! and to think I have a sister married to a thing like that." It took a long time for the English public to get over the effect of that aboriginal cricket team sent to the old country some twenty years ago—pictured in the illustrated papers everywhere, it,gave the black Australia belief a long lease of life. •The shelving of the Interstate Commission Bill and the bill for establishing a Federal High Court has grievously reduced the opportunities of the Barton Government for rewarding faithful service by fat billets. It has scarcely any good thing now to give away. There practically remains only the High Commissionership, and since Sir Malcolm McEacharn is impossible, owing to Labour Party hostility, the common talk now is that Mr. Barton himself going to England as Prime Minister will remain there as High Commissioner. If li.< \vero not sailing very soon, there would be 1»i.- 0a<] against his going to England as Prime Mini;;7.;r. In another column appears a letter comtr^ ntiii" on some amusing misstatements made by ]\Ii. t; ]f Meudell in a letter to the Ag<> holding up America to Australia as a model of economy. Mr. Cornwall wrote this letter to the Age which, ol ! course refused to publish it since it proposed to adnpt M,' Meudell's jumble of inaccuracies as its own, and could not suffer them to be exposed. Mr. ?>i«udell himself had probably no intention to deceive but did not know much about the subject, and was n0t able to say very clearly what he did know. per_ haps he was haunted by the ghosts of the dead leagues—the Patriotic League, the Bimetallic League, and numerous others which died under his fostering care. Melbourne Hospital arrangements seem to need looking into. We know that the.-committee consider it quite the proper thing to have a delirious patient arrested on the charge of in>ultiiii; behaviour and conveyed to the gaol hospital, with a little recreation in the way of presentation at HiC police court as. an aid to convalescence, and they therefore probably think the absence of a nurse from the female casualty ward at night ami 011 holidays a mere trifle not worth mentioning. Not so the patients, however. Many of them have ridiculous objections on the score of delicacy to a male dresser attending to them in the nurse's place. It is true that a nurse from another ward is ealltd in to dress certain wounds, and then that ward is minus a nurse. But delicacy in women patients is apparently not encouraged by the hospital mana<'ement. p A Daniel come to Judgment: Mr. Purves K.C., is generally considered a pretty good advocate, and Wallace Brownlow seemed to be doing a sensible thing when he secured him as council in his recent case against the. Sandringham Coffee Palace company, which he sued for damages for injuries sustained by falling through an unlocked door, left unlocked by the alleged negligence of defendant's servants. However, as it turned out the counsel's fees paid to Mr. Purves were pure waste of money—not because the K.C. did not put Brovvnlow's case well, but because Mr. Justice Williams, put it so much better. And an advocate's speech, coming from the bench in the disguise cE summing up, is calculated to have considerable weight with a jury, even though the judge does breezily tell, the "jury "to discard his opinion altogether." Mr. Justice Williams simply devoted himself to heaping ridicule on the defence, and was rewarded with great laughter from the jury, while occassional misrepresentations made his points tell still better. It was a first rate performance, and the fact that it was absolutely unexpected, and absolutely unlike anything looked for from a judge, lent additional piquancy. Defendant's counsel were rendered nearly apopletic by such a travesty of justice, and plaintiff's counsel somewhat overwhelmed by their good fortune, but Mr, Brownlow got heavy damages, and Judge Williams can always reckon on a crowded and enthusiastic house while he makes joke summings up the principal feature of his turn. It is not suggested that Mr. Brownlow's success was undeserved on the merits of his case, but he will be ungrateful indeed if he does not make Judge Williams the toast of the evening at the little supper which lie will doubtless give to his friends when the cheque is handed 