9%e TSfeei'4 ^aMea. PReitter's Messages.] I Marconi is establishing a wiroloss telegraph station at Romo. The missionary cruiser Southern Cross has been wrecked at Tahiti. H.M.S. Terrible arrived at Portsmouth, amid tre mendous enthusiasm. The accouchement of the Princess o£ Wales is expected in November . ' Tho Queen of England and Princess Victoria have arrived at Copenhagen. The Crown Prince of Germany will not accompany tho Duke of Connanght to India. Tho Marquis of Salisbury is improving .injiealth.. Wales has caused the managers'of Danish railways ' to transfer an order for 90,000 tonB of coal to Germany. | In the budget of the Netherlands the oxpondi I ture is estimated at 164,500,000 florins (about 413,000,000), leaving a deficit of 8,000,000 florins (£640,000). [ Two bands of Bulgarian insurgents came into collision near Castoria, and fought till Turkish soldiers dispersed them. Seven of the insurgents were killed. The Express states that at St. Petersburg, Admiral Mjikaroff has invented a Bounding instrument to give warning of the approach of torpedoes and sub marine boats. Nowrowee-Maockjeo Wndia, a Bombay Parsee, has given a million pounds sterling for the relief of persons in any country deprived of subsistence by sudden calamities. Mr. H. Wyatt, the Envoy of the Navy League, has started for Canada and Australia. Sir Edmund Barton and Mr. Seddon have promised to support him in his mission The rails were removed from the two railway linen whereon the Czar was expected to travel from ICursk homewards. The express was wrecked, but the Czar's train passed safely. I A strong shock of earthquake occurred at Jamaica on Monday. Thero have been numerous thunder storm? over tho island' and the lightning has ac counted for many fatalities. j W. H. Young, Brigham Young's grandson, Las been arrested on a charge of murdering hisparamou#, Mistress Pvlitzor, mutilating the body and throwing it into a canal at New York. f Dr. Kuyper, tho Premier of Holland, speaking in the Second Chamber of the States General, said that the rumours of the alliance of Holland with a foreign Power wero pure imagination. Tho Novoc Vremya, a St. Petersburg journal, ] showed itself perturbed in announcing the com- j mencement of the construction of tho German Anatolian railway to Bagdad. His Majesty the German Emperor visits King Edward the SeTonth at Sandringbam for a weeK oarly in November. His Majesty the King of Portugal will pay a similar visit in October. i Pour hundred peasants were assembled at a wedding dance in a barn at Melba, near Warsa vd The hay in the barn got on fire, and a hundred persons were crushed or burned t® death, including tho bride, As the practical working of wireloss telegraphy is now considered assured Gormany has initiated art international conference, to be held in October, to adopt rules according to the precedent of the tele graphy convention. M. Taure, tho French socialist, in a letter fo a friend, congratulates tho Italian Socialists r.pon their resolvo to refrain from opposition to the Triple Alliance, which will check French Chauvinism, and Franco-Russian dreams. At tho weekly auctions of Australian tallow 1445 casks were offered and 1124 casks were sold, a portion at 3d advance on last weok's rates, w-hich were : — Fine mutton 35s, medium mutton 31a ;fine beef 34s 9d, medium beef Sis. In censequonco of an inflammatory speech ,raods in. Wexford, the Court of King's Bench in Bublin has ordered Mr. William Redmond to entor Into a bond «f two hundred pounds to hi of good beht rioar for two ye«8i or jjnpriBomehb.forBix months. s A man, armed with a revolver and a bomb, eutered thu Canadian Bank of Commerce, Skagway, and demanded twenty thousand dollars. The clerk fled, and the bomb, accidentally falling, exploded, wrecking tho building and killing the robber. It is feared Great Britain will not assent to M. Cembes' conciliatory speech, explaining away M. Pelletan's recent indiscreet utterances. M: Couibes' speech emphasises the resolve of^ tho Re public to maintain the most amicable rolations with all the Powers. Shrewsbury heads the averages with 50, Ranjit sinhji 4G, Abel 41, Quaife 401, Tyldeslcy 40}. Haigh beads tho bowling with 158 wickets, average 12» ; Rhodes, 13 1-7 ; Blythe, 151 ; Tate, 15%. Major Wardill states tho gross rocoipts of tho tour wore 44,270 below those of 1890. Spanish Ministerialists deny thci idea of an f ^ ? ? ? -tUA, .LAALgLOU'VCO j JliOUi^aOU I (Northampton); and an amateur wicket-keeper. The team will sail in the Majestic on the 12th October, via San Francisco, and will probably play at Hobart, Auckland. Taranaki, Wanganui, Napier, Wellington, gChristchurch, Dunedin, Invercargill, and a combined New Zealand team* They will return via Vancouver. Mr. J. I. Tarte, tho Minister for Public Works in the Canadian Cabinet, is conducting a campaign in favour of the policy of protection. The Toronto Globe, an organ of tho Ministry, repudiates tho action of Mr. Tarto, who replies that the bulk of tho Canadians are with him in expecting increased pro tection duties when the. tariff comes to be revised next year. There is an impression in Ottawa that Sir Wilfred Lauricr, tho Premier, will bo unable to heal the split in tho Cabinet, and thit Mr. Tarte will retire from the Ministry. President Rooseveldt had arranged a series of meetings in the middle west of the United States, including Cincinnati and Detroit ; but the tour was interrupted at Indianopolis, where doctors ordered an operation on tho President for a Bmall abscess below tho left knee, dne tonn inflamed bruise which was caused by the accident at Pittsfield, where tho President's carriage came into collision with a tram car. The operation having been performed, Presi dent Roosevelt returned to Washington. A speedy recovery is expected ; but it is imperative that the President should remain quiet, resting his leg for a few days. M. Zenovieff, the Russian ambassador at Con ^Jgjntinnnlfi-^rDOont.lir.'-l ' Innr* .1 1.rlitinnn wif-.li f.lip_ -action in rcg^ra to mo passage et the todiedo- boa,t destroyers iy expected. ; ! The Roumanian Bulletin, which is befriending the Jews, publishes a number of letters deploring the perseCpmpn of the Jews in that country. The Arch bishop of ^Canterbury, Dr. Temple, and the Marquis of Ripon rota offering their sympathy. Mr. Cham berlain wiata -that the Jews were among the most /loyal in the, States in which they found a home, and the impolicy of persecution in such a case almost exceeded its cruelty. Mr. Herbert Gladstone, in the course of ? a lettei, said that he hardly doubted that Roumania wauld reconsider its policy. The Times correspondent in Vienna says Roumania is obdurate aB regards Jews. Mr. A. J. Balfour, the Promier, in receiving the freedom of. the town of Haddington on Saturday, feel ing acknowledged tho congratulations which he had received from all parties on bis attainment of the Premiership, and said that a brother Scot patriotic ally judgod a Scotchman. Mr. Balfour added signi ficantly that the working of tho British Constitution was so admirable that it enabled tho necessary and varied elements of the Empire to assert their right ful position, and enabled subordinote patriotism to grow nnd flourish without being allowed to intorforc with that larger patriotism which was the essence of the life. of a great' Empire)-- ' V . Sir Edmund Barton and bis party were enter tained at a banquet at Vancouver on Friday and at a banquet at Victoria on Saturday. Sir Edmund Barton, in tho course of his speeches, mado allusion to tho determination of tho people of Australia to enforce the alien immigration restriction laws and to maintain a '* white' Australia. The state ments evoked intense -athusiasm on both occa sions. Referring to t';o question of a preferential tariff for British grids, Sir Edmund Barton remarked that Australia Timid favour the motherland, not by concessions m the existing tariff but by imposing duties on -;oods principally from Germany and the United. States. Sir John Forrost said that Australia would stand no interference with hor laud forces, but the naval subsidy must be considerably augmented. The party sailed by the steamer Aorangi on Saturday from Victoria for Australia, 700 people giving tuein -T. send off. 