Boolis We Read. The biennial conference of the Library Associa iA ana of Australasia was opened in ICelbourne last %veek vmdear the presidency of Mr. E. Langton, of ^ricto-riw, others present being Messrs. Groom, Pateraonv. and Gardner (Queeaalaad), Andftreon, 3 iirlarrd, and Allen (New South Wales), Melengj Adams, -Hbuld, and liall (Soufh. Australia), Solomon ( Western Australia), Taylor (Tasmania), Sx Henry Wrixsou and 2-r; Lseper (Victoria). J£r. Langton's 'opening addi-ese touchei on the J-ss sustained by the death of ProfeSSor Morris, ead/after reviewing the history of the conference Saovement, expressed' regret that the Melbourne ?Public Library is still cloned against the public oa Sundays. A. number, of interesting papers were read and ifiscussed during the sessions. Mr. H. C. L. AnderBoa dealt with ** Libraries and the Government SubBidy ;*' Mr. Taylor, 'The Management of Small Public Libraries ;' and Mr. Hould, ' Library Classification'-'' Mr. J. L. B,oberteon (Beadigo), ' Should Libraries be Kunioipalised ; if bo, why ?' Mr. W. L. Fair \- land (librarian Sydney School of Arts) read a paper oa ' The Educative Influence of Public Libraries.1' Mr. H. C. L. Audersou, on behalf of Miss Wiudeyer, assietant in the Public Library of New South Wales, read a paper ou ' Library Bulletins,' and Mr. W. H. J. Fould, on behalf of Mr. Talbot &initb;, of Adelaide, read va paper entitled ' The Modern. Librarj an.' Mr. Juiu.es Sinith read an iuteresting paper on ' The Benedictine Library ot' Monte Cassiuo,' wliioh contains 20,000 volumes and numbers oj: ancient manuscripts, chiefly of an ecclesiastical nature. Mr. Sowden's 2-aper, ' Mutilation of Books in Libraries,' was read by Mr. I. Pould, and his. strictures on vindals who iiiutila-to and steal valuable works met with warm approval. Several gentlemen after Mr. Sowden's paperwas read detailed their own. experiences, which showed that book mutilation, is a pest blown to every librarian. ' lection in Local Libraries ' was the subject of a paper by .Mr. F. G. A. Barnard, who dealt with the difficulty of coping' with the ? ever-increasing flow of fiction. '' The Proposed Federal Libraiy oi; the Conimon ?\vealth,' a paper, by Mr. Armstrong, the Victorian \--ablits librarian, obtained the full attention of the c inference. In connection with tile eooierence ?.;r. P. Grlynn, of Adelaide,, lectured at the Athenteuni Hall on ' The Disposition of Shake ;jueare as Befleuted in his Works.' Au interest ing discussion followed the lecture. During- the d:scussions comment was made upon the state of Mtings at the. Sydney Public Library, where the mag'tiificent collection has long since completely outgrown the accommodation provided for it, and where the valuable '? Mitchell collection '* remains packed/up in an adjoining buiidiug, formerly the ' librarian's residence, because the conditions upon ?which the magnificent gift was made to the State have not been fulfilled by the Groverninent, which hits got no further in the matter of building ti y-'oper public library with a 'Mitchell wiug ' t.liau talk — a. state of things not likely to encourage other owners of fine colleutic-ns\to give them to the €overnment in trust for the people. Sydney is Siidly behind Melbourne in this matter of the lousing of its Public Library. 1 A good deal of attention was paid at the o.t inference to the question of fiction iu public Ibrariep. Public libraries are primarily for reference and for educative influence, but if the public does not wish to read tue heavier books they contain, .it is obvious tlat people must be led along by something they will read, and what the public likes to lead, i^ Light -literatuie and fiction. 'All observers and caterers for. public taste, are agreed, upon this P Jinr. The reading habit is a thing that it is good for the community to cultivate, and' if the community demands fiction public libraries must supply it. And fiction nowadays covers all phases (A human thought' and. culture. Here, however, wnes in the question of selection. It is quite \ :acticable 'to flieet the public aemand for fiction. x id, at flie same time, elevate public taste by nsdiciouB selection. ? Let the people have fiction Uy all means, and plenty of it ; but let it be of the Last. ' The selection is not so easy as it may seem, jer it is diificult for any one man to oxer«ise at oiice sound and tactful judgment and literary c::inisGienee. Nevertheless, tliatis just what we mist look for in our librarians, and what the c-siferences should help them to attain. The matter of the mutilation of books a:ad papers, ?which was one of the sublets discuss'?'! Try v..'. lifji'tiriany.' cocf^rcn'X'. i= ;i very sirloMs o;;c- to ~ \ librai'istfijs,-; Tlifeiv are soma peopifl-Trfercui or ate«.i.i»o!akS'- because ikey . coav u*ttoally -feieves ; ?iJwHre tueo&cirB; whodeetroy bbokH as tkey destroy anything else. that is good from innate ** cussed ne»B ;** but, litare is a muct lar^r' anmbei who destroy from sheer- ignorance dreatelessness, dimply because they have never been/tauj^ht to reverence books as tiiay, should be reverenced. H-td such people been pasainonnt we would have had none of % the ancient andtjlassic treasures extant to-day, and the destruction their kind have done in the ages, «nd- the amount of knowledge they have caused to be.Jost,.are incalculable. Every librarian has bitter knowledge of them. - The fact is that reverence foe books and the proper care a^d appreciation of them should be tarignt from earliest tfibildhood. M'Eeeaporfc, Pennsylvania,- has a bookless library. The fine stone building was erected wifch the £18.000 Andrew Carnegie donated, but the entire donation tras used to build the library, as the directors expected Mr; Carnegie -would givu more. He has deoUued to do this, and the board | has no money to buy books, and begins to fear i that the library may never open. ! Out here we have not been troubled much, with the newest phase of the Shakespeare-Bacoa controversy, but the leaiing English papers and 1 magazines: have simply been full of it, aud men of j note have been divided into opposite camps. The cause of all the hubbub has been a book by an ingenious American lady, Xve. Elizabeth Wells Gallup, ' The Bi-Literil Cypher of Sir Francis Bacon,7' which Mi-. 'W. H. Mallock reviewed appreciatively in ' The Nineteenth Century and Afterwards.' Commaasenf.e is all against Mrs. Gallup' b propositions; nevertheless, they have achieved-a degree of attention and acceptance remarkable, and the controversy has ra^ed furiously. She*.not only holds Bacon to i^,TO ?written Shakeapeaace, but most other work of any other contemporary of note. To believe that one nian could not only - do all this, could not only write all the good literature of the time, but make a cypher qf it alias well is to believe— well, that the age. of miracles had not passed Bacon, at any rate, la the March number of the ' Pall Mall Magazine' Mia. Gallup haa anartieleon the controversy she has aroused, and the following extract;* from it will- give some idea of heir claims. : — lly bookitsejf is mucli wider, in its range, and inusa more far-reaching in. its literary and. historical conse quences, thMi the mere settlement of the UiwxmShakes peare question. It concerns not only the authorship of much of the best. literature of the Elizabethan period, but the tegfiuar ty o£ successions to the throne of England ; and it transfers the ' controversy ' from the reaha of literary opinion, and criticism to the determination of the question whether I have correctly and truthfully transcribed a cipher. . For myself, I have been satisfied to wait for the ver dict. It will be that I ha ve-at great cost put before- the , ? public a most detailed and elaborate hoax — oi worse ; or that franois Bacon was a cipher writer and the most ex traordinary personage ia literature the world has yet icnown. Assuming for the moment the cipheras a fact, -what are . ' the- claims made in it for himself ? Briefly, but starfclingly stated, they are : That he wa.s tile author of the works attributed to Edmund Spenser, and those of Greene, Peele, Marlowe, and Shakespeare, a portioit^cf those published by J3en Jonson, also the -Anatomy of Melancholy kjiown as Burtons, besides tie-n-oifeTD -which Bacon's name is attached ; that these, instead of being1 in fact the outpour ings of literary inspiration, are literary mosaics, the repository of ether Hturatiu-e— much of it then dang-erous to Bacon to expose — made consecutive by transposition, ' aud gaining in literary interest by the new relations. The' ' ' bi-)iteral cipher gives ths . rules by which the constituent parts of these mosaics are to be reassembled in their original form by the ' word-cipher,' sc called, a s=coud system permeating ths same works and hiding- a larger and 'more varied literature thau the first. It is also asseited that 13acou was the true heir to the throne of England, through a secret rnarriage between the Earl of Leicester and liliza beth, which took place prior to her acces.-.ion, while botli ?fteie confined in the Tower of London : that for obvious reasons of state the marriage could not be announced before the ©oronntimi, aud that the Queen afterwards refused to acknowledge it publicly ; that the unfortunate Essex was iu fact his younger brother, and the otherwise inex plic ible rebellion was undertaken by Essex to compel from the Queen recognition of his descent, witii expectation of the throne if -denied to, or not claimed by, Francis. The personal matter, scattered, in the bi-literal cipher througn the numerous volumes is repeated in different; forius mauy times -evidently in the hops that the claims asserted to the throne and the events of his life would be detected and deciphered, from, some, if not from all his works, at some future tiiae. My book itself contains about 385 pages of deciphered matter, written, in the old English of the Elizabethaa period, andrelating to men and1 Changs? literary ? and his torical, then existing. It affords tike most ample and zeAous materials for what may bs called ' the higher criticism ; ' and such criticism is very cordially invited-, for reasons more important than anything concerning my own. abilities or. personality. The most sceptical -will admit in diistry, and some sort of capability, in producing1 a work of tile kiBSi' It is due to the public tfcirfia a presentation of this kind I sbpnld offer a priiaa-facie case; lly work in the past eight years of constant ^study of the subject has led. me, of necessity through every line and word that Bacon \wote, both acknowledged, and concealed, so far as the lattsr has been developed. The wovk I have . done upon the. ?word-cipher in reassembling, his literature' from, the mosaic to its original form has given me a critical ? lcnowledge at least, and (i basis perhaps possessed by few for forming; to the extent of my abilities, a critical judgment ; but I would merely add that he w.ic. assuredly, master in many Selds. -of which even they who knew nim best were ?unaware. * Granting him these literary powers, was he at Che same time a ciphfei 'writer i and didL he particularly 'affect this te literal method of cipher writing ? \- 3?or the first I refer, for brevity's sake, to th? article on cryptograms in the ' Kncyolopseclia. Britanniea ; and for the second to the original Latin De Angmentis Scien tiai-uni (editions of 162a aud- 1624), audits very excellent translation, by. Slsasi's. !?pedding\:Bilis, and! Heath, where the bi-literal cipher precisely, as I have used it is described and illustrated by.. Bacon in full, with the statement that he invented it while at the court of France. This was be tween his sixteenth and eighteenth yews. His first re feienee te-it wa- in 1605. Its first publication was la 1623, aiter hehadvused it coatmuouslyfor forty-four years, con ffioing' to it his wrong's and woes, aad iniendkig1, iatSms eEuliuning aad gi ring1 the key, that at goma near of distant day his sartowvs and his claims should bo ' known by its decipherment. Tlur cipher, described by Bacon in S/ Do Augaienlis Saiea* tiaruin,' is simplicity itself, being1 in principle lasrecom ibinations and alternations of any twp unlike tilings, and in practice as used by htin consisting1 oi alternations of letters from two idighlly dillersent fouats of* italic type, arranged in groups of five. This affords thirty-two possible combinations, being eight in excess of the weuty-foas lettsi-3 of the alphabet he used. The free use of these italics ia a notable feature in all his literature, and 1ms been the cause of muck speculation. Sometimes the diiferences between, the letters of the two fouats are bold, and marked, oftsa delicite und veiy difficult for the novioa to distinguish, but possible of determiaation by tlse prac tised eye. The differences, especially vn. Hie capitals used in the 1623 folio of. the Shakespeare plSys, u.re apynricut to the dullest vision, and photographic copies uf it are ia nearly every public aud many private libraries, and so Accessible to all. In making up his alphabet the two fouuts are called by him the ' a touat '? and tiia '? b fount,' and the several groups of five, reixresenting each letter of the alphabet he ?used ia the cipher, axe as follows : aaaaa. a ; aa-aub, b ; aauba, c: &e.;, &c.; I am not infrequently aiskwl. njjii it is a vf tr. natural question, way should Baaou put transla*5f.-ri3 of tile Ihs 1 area Qdy?Sv? ia jws-wwfk*, wii.n Bf-ithpr wquiicf-ii swr?';.y ? I epiots a ssatwKe fwta tfefiBi-JifjaaL Cypher (p. ail J, de ciphered ftontXntural Sfetwj- : , . **15isaa»gdi2toae itaportant story witiiiaananie others prodpas'd* mant ordinarie pte,y, poem, history.' -sssay, law maxioae, or other kind; class, or-tescription of wori, I tried, th' experiment of alacing my tra'sdations .of Homer and Virgil -within my other Cypher. When one wo?k has been so incorporated into others, these are then in lite manner treated, separated into parts and widely, scatter' d into my numerous hooks.' Ia this connection I will . add another eicfcract from. Advancement oJrLearning i original edition, 1605, p. 52) *. ' And Cicero himself e, being broken .unto it by great ex perience, delivereth it ? plauiely : Thatrwfaatsoever a 'm»a shall have occasion to speake )f iif hee will take the paines), he may have it in effect premeditate, and handled in these. So that when hee commeth to a particular, he shall have nothing to doe, but to put too names, and times, and places ; and such other circumstances of Individuals.1' In other words, Bacon first constructed, then reconstruc ted from th» first writing, such portions as would fit the ' names and times andpiaees, and such other circumstances of individuals,' about which he wished to build a new structure of history, drama, or essay. The- first literary mosaic, containing1 dangerous matter, as well as much chat was not, was transposed— the relative position of its com ponent parts changed— to form the one we 1***B known. 'Che decipherer's work is to restore tha fragments to their original form. As intimated at the lisginuing, the value of auyfchuig1 I could, say upon tna Ricon- Snafcespirtve controversy re solves itself iato a question of fact -Have I fcuud a cipaer, and has it been correctly applied .' The ' Piill Mall Magazine' for M-aroJi has a very interestinjr article oit 'The Real Siberia,' by Mr. John Foster Fraser, who -recently came through Russia's graat Asiatic possessions. There are many things ia Mr. Fiaser's article which will surprise those who believe that Siberia-is merely a convict settlement. Writes Mr. Eraser : — Going Uirough. Siberia, possibly expecting snow anl con victs at every turn, you become amazed at something quite dilfeient— namely, the colossal agricultural possibilities. In the west you can travel through two thousand miles of the tiaest wheat-raising soil in tha world. You see herds of horses, not large, but sturdy 'and serviceable. Now aud then are flocks of sheep. Often there are great unbarriered pastures with oows grazing. They doa't strike yon as the finest kine ; bat the butter— well, let me -a:plain what jaas happened at Omsk, the first big1 city eastwards beyaad the Urals. Four years ago a Dane travelled that way- He tasted the local butter, found it excellent, and being a business man a business idea entered his head. There is a considerable ^demand for ' best Danivh '' butter in. Englaiid. So that summer he shipped 4000 buckets of butter to England, an-t those of us who ate it did so believing1 it to be really excellent ' best Danish.' The scheme gotabroad. There was positively a stampede ot DsnuiEb. butter firms to Omsk. I found last year representatives scouring tha country for four hundredmileB round, buying butter from the peasants. The railway authorities- were delighted, and built special re frigerator carriages. Last summer Omsk sent to England 80,000 buckets of' best Danish ' each week, and the week ?I was there five^ great trains, carrying nothing but^jutter, left for Riga, the port. Fourteen firms are busy with this new butter trade. Thirteen belong to Danes, and one be longs to a Jew. Tnere was not a single Russian in the tf&siness;, and that fact explains much. It ia the key, indeed, explaining the cause of Siberian slumber for generations. Liberia has everything ti give the world in the way of agriculture, but the Siberians are the most -wretched -agriculturists I have ever come across. Not that the Siberian lias not his good points. In rdany ways he is a iiner fellow than the llussian proper. It is only within the last yc-ar or two that the tide of immigration has set in, and therefore it is easy to find what provides the Siberian's distinguishing charac teristics. He was newr a serf, as the Russian, was, aud^ ' therefore one of theBrst things that strikes you is a streak of independence, a lack of that cringing servility noticeable west of the Urals. He is more than half convict-descended, and is. therefore daring and frequently brutal. The Govern ment has sent crowds of political free-thinkers to Siberia, intellectual, educated meu, most of tt.em, whose views have leavened the whole of Siberian life. Tlic conKequeuce is that in Siberia Russian autocracy is discussed almost as freely as it is in London. The fear of spies does not always put a, curb on conversations ; and, as far as I could gather, sc long as anarchism is not advocated,' the G-oyeroment puts nit i'estraint on speech. The Siberian knows'hiJ3 advan tages, and he is fond of alluding to liimseli' as a Bussian. with all the latest improFementci. It was not till the foreigner came along ami began talk ing1, that the Kassian titoverameat realised' r!ii: Siberia could be used in any other way than as a placs of exile, and that over the Trans-Siberian line something besidus sol diers could be conveyed. The reaulb is, so great has grown the traffic, that the line, which was hurriedly thrown down for military purposes, is unable to boar ih 3 strain, and therefore, at the expenditure of many millions of pounds tka way is being rebaiiastcd and math stiuiigoi- jaefcais laid down. Indeed, just nuw the iMasian powurs-tuat- be arc in a fluster of desire to wipe out all that -is evil ia the record of Siberia, and make the country blossom with happy hoine Btea Is. Siberians sight a flourishing future, uud lor sonie years have been open in their resentment to tiieu- iund being the dumping-gi-ouml of Russia's criminals. So tiie practice of sending tile criminal rifT-iaff to Siberia, where of course they settle after their term of imprisonment is ov-er, is gradually being stopped, and Russian wrong-doers are, now locally incarcerated. Glowing inducements are held out to the mouiljiks of the barren southern steppes to emigrate into Siberia ; free passages we provided, and each spring three hundred thousand poor are taken to Chelyabinsk, tue fkst town be yond the Urals, where there are huge building, for their accommodation untilthey can be sorted into groups and sent oft1 into the wilderness to start life afre^lx. Big plots of litnd are given the new comers ; instructors are constantly travelling about showing how best the land can be culti vated : the G-oyemment purchase American farming machinery, and let the peasantry have it at cost price, pay able on the instalment plan. Yet with all this. Siberia is at present little moro than a neglected prairie. The fact is, the Eiissian lias nut g-ut it in him to be a successful farmer. He has not the faculty for undpjstauding the- nature of soils ; manuring is beyond his comprehension -indeed, he would rather nut eat food raised, on manured laud. You never see ranches, as in America. The''B,us5iaa is fmterual. and he will not live at a farm-ten or fifteen.miles from a neighbour. He niu^t herd in villages, even though he is obl.ged to ao ten miles to his laid- He seizes all opportunities to. a. void work. You travel for days over the wide-sweep ing, featureless plains, with a slow jolt-jolton the inetals, with loag delays at wayside stations, and often not a house within sig-ht, on and oiiTini on until ihe realisation of -what an enormous place Siberia its lays hold of you, . Some night you will arrive at Omsk, or Tomsk, or great'- Irkutsk, and you do nothing but marvel.- Hei-e you find great stations brilliantly lit with electricity, great, buffets with swallow-tail-coated waiters., a white^apped cook pre siding over the hot dishes, excellent dinnuers being served, aad in drink you can have anything from beer u- cham pagne. Uniformed hotel touis posh tfeeir cards ial/j yaui' .. hand, and smart porters swine vour baacao-e unoa their shoulders. . I have neror ceased wondering »*ot these towns, big and busy, thousands of raileseastofaTosoow, and as like western Americin towns as they cau well bei There are the same wide and dirty streets ; the same huge ornate buddJags, ; ?with shaky ahanties as neighbours ; Ae sasne creaky un«.'ea sidewalks of boards, with intervals of fins cqnsrete oni in tervals with nothing hufr -slush ; the same garisB: hotels'; tb.e;same fizzling, spluttering ^electric li^ts- in ttie- main streets ; ttie same Cimmerian darkness, with not ? a candle to illuminate the way, in th© side streets ; tirs same T isquare manner of laying out the thoroughfares, and even the same jumble of electricand telephone wires overhead. .Everything ia new and raw - even the manners of ths people. ' . ????.. Take Tomsk. Tomsk is the present capital of Siberia, but, as it is fifty miles from the mam line and is reached by si brunch line, ^t is being pushed out of its premier position by the city of Irkutsk, farther east. At Tomsk I found great University buildings. Here all the well-to-do youth, und even poor youth—for learning is something of a craze, and so loaay needy folks stint theui that the son may have a good education— come from, at) over Siberia. Atechnical college was. just being completed when I was there. Here it is intended, to teacli all uiilngt. practical. The most wonderful city of all is Irkutsk,, whiah 1ilu taken to itself the somewhat grandiloquent title of hein-r- ' The Paris of Liberia. ' I could easily catalogue fifty thiflgs wheieiu Irkutsk, with its sixty thousand inliabi feints, is behind many a European place of the same size. That, however, is not the poiut. The point is .how ditto ren1 it was from everything ^xpectsd to be found in Siberia. There are broad streets, with sun-blinds sheltering th - windows in scorching sommer-tiine. There are shops which for size would do credit to Manchester or Birmingham o' Glasgow. There are several big hotels. In the-evenin;,' people walk or drive, and some of the carriages would niak :?? you turn, rouad in Park Lane. Ladies and gentleman ar out taking horse-exorcise ; a merchant with his America. ' buggy '' goes past, and a fast-trotting borsa is in the shafts. ' . . Drop into one restaurant, and you may possibly find tb': same, group of .Neapolitan singers and mandoline playei e you heaa-d at ' Venice in Loadon ' some years ago. Dro;i into another, and you will find a eafe-chantant entertair ?ment in full awing, a troupe of Fri-uch and Pohsh gir s dancing and singmg and coming among the audience ani drinking champagne with whoever cares to ? pay. Oarti playirig is everywhere, and it is 3 o'clock in the momu g when gay Irkutsk sseks its bed. Aad all this, is fovr thousand miles east of Moscow. On the departure of Archdeacon Campbell, of Mudgee, for England, Axchdeaeoa Dunsfcin Trill 'i u? Vicar- (Jeueral . JokcWaite,Mittagong,a gopds shed porter, whils( shunting ou Monday, was jammed between ttr drawbars of two trucks, sustaining a fracture of two ribs. To tbe Century Endowment Fund, for wftich Archdeacon. Buustan has been, canvassing Mud#ee, the parish contributes £300, which is the largest amount for any parish yet canvassed by him. 