Barly pioneer; but. us it can luirdly be Biassed ns au industry till factories — |B>oUi butter tiuU riicvsV — r.uiic iuto ex- stcncc. we will start <>nr review with Bho year 1891, wlteu the lir.it statistic Bvero nulili.shed. At tliii time we iiud over WK) tons of butter and St) ton Bf cheese were jiruiim-id, nearly 2, (XX) Bxwplc being cm ployed in the business. )f course, the greater part of this niauu- acturc was ciouc on the farms, there Btting only one or tun stnai! factories iu Hixistcuie the::. Steady progress was Hxmdc dining the ueM few years, pat- Kiculariy in the direct ton of establishing Vactoric and itvauritig rdntiniis iu rlo.ic- iy . settled district. 'lhe Itiglter value fklaced upon the tuilk production by the Bstabfishtueut or these skimming stu- iu conjunction with faelorie be- Dcame so, apparent and convincing that numbct.i oi Termer. u ho hud hitherto confined thetotlvis entirely to ugricul- |turc, entiled into the dairying .usiness with t.iteh energy that we iiud. in 1900, 53 batter and ehece L.etoiu and Ml! crcai.vrios in existence. During this year, 3,875 tons of butter ami 1. '.'81.70.') lb. of cheese wctv made— a wonderful increase iu nine yi.v.rs, 'i Iu- > nine of ftliese products was roughly .t-ihO.OOO, so 9 that we find the industry (at this time still in its infancy; rapidly becoming |onc of the must important iu Queens- land. Since lbOd, u marvellous develop ment lias taken place, 'llicrc 1ms been what might be termed a "boom" in connection with i lie industry. Dis- tricts that hitherto had never attempted dnirvioo »von- (mh-I-II i I ? . . It... I.INIM.. by the prolitalile i.tarus obtained by the jfilk-nrnducers, and to-.lav we find dairying earned nr. all over Southern Queensland and as for 'north as Markov. The expansion in proiluetion n. , I orally led us to r.ecl: outside markets, the tie- mnnd iu Queensland having been over taken. England has always bien re- gardnl an 'the market lor' .surplus Ans- tralinu butter, and in 1897 our first ship- mcnt was made. During the year 1H< ton or butter V.eie exported, valued nt J/IG.FOO. Iu I8flH the export more than doubled that of the previous year, the value being .£.J7,8ixr, which incrcaKcil to J/49, (XX) in 189!). The shippers had ail along realised the advantages of not having a regular and frequent service for the conveyance of their produce. The British- India Steam Navigation Cmn- pony's steamers only sailed moutlily. which necessitated the butter being tor- ed here sometimes us long as four weeks. These vessels also took much loiigur to reach Engluiid than the Pcniiumhir and Oriental and Orient voiupany's boats by which our Southern competitorH were shipping. The Government were up- proached with » view to permidiug the P. and O. and Orient bouts to call here, and, failing that, to establish coiuicc- tion with these vessels by ntcaiis of u fortnightly service from Queensland. The Government realised the importance of quick transit, and. as the I', aud O. and Orient Companies could not be per- Ruaded to come to Brisbane, gave a guarantee to the Adelaide .Shipping Cdmpuny to cover the freight between Brisbane and Rydnev for the shipping season (HJfX> aud HHII). Unfortunately, tho kcuhoii was irll ntpiiiist the producers, but nevertheless 020 tons of butter were nhipped, valued at ,£5I,7(X). The Go. vcrnment were n good deal out of pocket directly, although indirectly nothing wjm lost, as the producers were paid better B| vultics owing to the storage and intcrsot charges being much reduced, which enabled the manufacturer to pay highci prices. Though the statistics arc not yet to hnml for 1!XI1 , a marvellous in- crease in production took place, ''he failure of the pastoral industry through the severe drought and the stagnation in some of the mining centres, together with the unrest in connection with the sugar business, have brought the value of the dairying industry into more pro- xninent notice. We have had lately a series of articles, excellently written, appearing in the "Courier" and " Quecuslander," dealin" with the industry in the Southern States as well as iu Queensland, ami these have been read with keen interest. , Manv valuable suggestions for tho improve- racnt of the industry were made, some of which i hope to elaborate upon later. I The advent of federation, and conse- qucnt abolition of inlcrstate duties, piaccs our sister 8tate ou an equality M Willi us in regard fur North 91 trade. Other competitorH nre striviug for a grip of the English market, iiot- ably Denmark aud ihutsia. when; the Go. ycriiments nre encouraging the industry H in every po:ible way. With these facts "efore us, we must therefore consider whether the industry is likely to be nf- fcctcd by tlieni. Are the Continental dairying countries to secure the Knglish trade? and is our Northern trade to fall into the hands of the southern proiluc- crs? Most assuredly these things will happen unless an alteration is made from our present-day method of dairy- lng. The quality of our product is de- tcnornting because the care and alien- tion arc not being given to the proline- tion of the raw material which arc so necessary if we are to face the eompeti- tion of the world. While we are idle, both New South Wales aud Victoria are moving vigorously to ascertain the causes of deterioration and their rcmed- ich. Science is brought largely into piny m collection with'the industry, ami they are gradually, but surely, over- entiling their dillicnlties. Are we not to profit by their work and experience5 I eincereiy hope so. aud trust that our -in IV.IHM- (in- uniigpr in front and set to work vigorously l« re movc them. Cattle. — One of the find thing to ho improved i the quality of the milking ln;rdn 11, c nvoniKc raw mm- Vitii? milked in Queensland i certainly not of a high stnndnrd. It cost no more to feed n good cow than a bad one. and the dairyman will Roon find that the extra original cost is more than repaid bvthe ni" t1'0 obtains Cie good cow. While I would not presume to advise the hrccd of cattle to keep— the question at present being a very vexed one— 1 would Koint out for your consideration u few woints in favor of the Shorthorn for jiiconslund. In the first place the Short- Hiorn is more of u " general purpose cow," ws our American friend would uny, nml. vhen fnnnd not profitable a a milker, vould be worth much more as a fat or But a store for fattening on account of izc; and, a this State i likely to have o many graziers following the ooeupa- imt or fattening, this is "an important Hoint. No doubt some, very fine milkers 9re bred from common cows crossed with he Jersey or Ayrshire hull, but the rouble is to know when to tdop cross- BR' my mind und experience tlier ctcriorate after the first cross. 1 would crc point out that iu order to dairy iccessfully. in addition to good cows, B?"rt bull is absolutely efiKontinr laving determined upon a particular roed. it is advisable to make certain |int he camp from a good milking strain, Hud » a Inn- type- nf I, in pim-nta f„r .lt Bast three generations. Where n large Mury herd i kept, it is a good idea to H-1-P two or i-vi-n tliri-o ImiIIk «f dill, -rout HniiH „,nl mot,, tlu-m with rows 1„ HHit. Haviiii; iilitaiiu-d a tino herd, tin- dairy- Han should ahvavs si-ok to itiinrovo: Hid to do this it is ,-ssary lo koop a Hcord of ,-aili row's rt-tnrn or t-oiiiiiicr- al butter, and to adopt tho standard to ork b» any rum not rraohini; that andard lioin(f oiillod out. Your bvyonr Ho standard oan lio raisod till a' vorr P'»nt is roaohod. and tho littsinoss -s hoconio highly prolitaldo. Whilo I -uld not wish to cast any roflootion i||>- pnrobrotl Ayrshiros. Jorsoys. and B-r Island liroods— tho troublo at pro- lt being to got pnro typos— tho purity breed wuaid iiavo tn lie well usecr- Bnod to ensure liost results. And atn, to liny a herd of pim-hrods is lie- the reaoii of tlio average dnirvman. n'e" standard of tlioning'hbred nlitained it is not, in tny mind, advis- Ic to cross. jBpcetl.— The fecil „f the cuttle can also much iniproveil. A great deal of de- ndcnce is at present placed npnn the tural grasses, and when these fail. » the present day drought, the dairy- Bn »» left somewhat in n hole. Arti- Hal grasses such as " Paspalum dila- nm," lucerne, etc.. should be cultiva- 1 together with maize, barley, rye, 1 wheat for green feed. Rye moke excellent early winter feed, and. as B grows much quicker than other err- b, is highly recommended. If these B not required for feed at the moment Bilagc can always lie nindc, and thcrc- HB provision obtained against the pro- bial " rainy day." BHlie chief "cause of the deterioration Bi/"lr butter )9„ hnwo.ver, mfllnlv the Bilt 'Jf tho iultcuuctltfu of tlm "bUPih separalor." Until the year 18!)8, the work of neparatiug the cream from the milk had been mainly done at large skimming stations. A station was estab lished in a closely nettled district, and the milk from the surrounding farms separated daily. Jly this means u re- gulur. even quality of cream wn ob tained. The cream wn despatched duily to the factory, and the mumifac- turer, by having the crcum to hand frcrdi, was au.e to procure u quality of lmttcr which wuh not excelled anywhere. Our product was received with favor on the London market, and, if this high quality could have been maintained, the success of the export- business was as sured. Unfortunately, u new system sprang up — to wit, the establishment of separator on thu farms— which, alter ing nr> it did the quality of the ream- firstly, liy the different degrees of den sity at which the separation took plnec; secondly, by the length of limn the crcum wa held before desimtchiug to the factory; ami, thirdly, by the con dition under which the milk was separa ted — has given those manufacturer who : have the welfare of the iudimtry at : heart many an anxious moment. Under the old condition, <100 to fiOO lb. of creaui of tut eveu degree of density would be despatched daily from a kim- miug station. To-day, Ihis quantity of cream would probably lie made up of from nine to ten sitnnliers. each man's cream being of a different degree of den sity, aud tlie age of thu cream varying from one lo even or (en days. The cs- tablishmetil of numerous factories has tendered competition ho keen that any cream is accepted, and full value i paid. The factories which have attempted to stem the tide of disaster have found their suppliers deserting them because they would not pay full value for in ferior cream, and have had, unfortun ately, to fall iu with the majority, and treat all conditions or cream a of the 'nine value. Iu very Few canes are proper dairies constructed ou the ftirniH in which to place the cream awaiting transit, so that it ha lo lie amidst the most uusunilnry conditions, absorbing bacteria or the most harmful description. Realising that the home separalor has come to stay, f oulv mention these points to show in whut direction nn improvement is required. Our experience, however, is only tluit. of the sister States, and it is to be hoped that we enn taken lesson from their book and prolit by their knowledge. In those States wo find Dairy Act linvc been in troduced, working upon somewhat dif ferent lines, but with tho one object in view— viz., the improvement in the pro ducts. In Queensland our Dairy Act only covers the largest towns and affects principally those dairymen who supply milk for home consumption. What we want here i mi Act compelling, tirHt of nil, the registration of ever person who diHpnscii of diiiry produce in any shnpe or form. An improvement In the milk ing shed mid vnrds, mid separator house, and the condition of the pig yard, to gether with the erection of n suitable house to hold t lie produce awaiting (run- sit to market, should be imdstcd upon. Absolute cleanliness j decidedly es sential, and the milking of diseased cat tle. after instruelioiis have been given to destroy the mune, should be deemed a criminal act. Dairymen should not bo allowed to keep cream longer than two davs before despatching it to a factory. These are n few of the most important points which require immediate atten tion. and. if an Act covering these were to be wisely and strictly administered, tlie ultimate success of the industry would be assured. Under such an Act., inspector for various districts would lie appointed, whose duties would he to in spect nil dairies and cattle, and to rigidly enforce its provisions. Tliev would, of ionise, require Hemic veterinary know ledge in order lo detect diseased cattle. An excellent; way of conveying in for mat ion to the dairyman is by means of lectures illustrated bv lantern view showing the various change which tako place in the raw material under different condition. Lectures aright -also lio given in the State school, and the rising generation taught the right method of starting the industry. I sincerely trust the Government will inirodiu.T an Act during the coming ses sion dealing wth this vast industry, and that in framing the Act they will care fully gather information from tho pro ducers and manufacturers. Tlmy ore able tn give the information necessary for the successful framing of such nn Act. as they will realise flic difficulties to be contended with and suggest the best menu of remedying them. ' Mr. M'Shaiic added to Iris paper bv giving the products of Queensland in re gard to butter, bneon, etc.. for the last year. Discussion followed. Mr. Hay (North Vine), thought that Mr. McSlmne'a paper was very interest ing. Almost everything Mr. MeShime had said he entirely agreed with, with the ex ception that they who bad used the hand separator had found the hand separator a very groat succckh. It would be neces sary in the future that inspector should be appointed to see herds, etc. If there was a system or thorough cleanliness there was no reason why there should separator as the other way. Shorthorns, no doubt, were the best in his opinion. Alt animals related to the Shorthorn breed bad proved better with him than the Jerseys. Of course 'if they fed the Jerseys, they would get the milk. Mr. D. Webster (Gympio), said that us regards cattle, ShortlioriiH were no good in their country. A mixed breed of Ayr shire and Jersey was best there. Ilia home separator butter was found to be better than the tfacory: it was tho mix ing of the cream at the fuetbry tlmt caused the difference. Tie fed Iris cows alt the year round: corn, linphce, etc., was good; also, mixed up ehnff and ground Mr. Owen Jones (lllnckntl Range dis trict). Raid that the Jersey were the best in his country. In 1894 they first plant ed paspalum, which Rprend nil over the district, it stood tho drought belter than anything else; 30 points of rain revived it. It was very hard to plongli'out, and would fight tho buffalo. .They started with Avrshircs and SliorthornB." and the great trouble iu improving the herd was the' great number of mongrel bulls. The home separator was very superior, but neMed iuspcetion, no doubt. Mr. J. L. Bowman (Boonalri. said that the best strain was Jersey and Shorthorn. Die cows resulted in big feed. The linlf- brcd Jerscy was really pood. There was nothing at all wrong with the hand separ ator. Ultiin.itcly (he factory system would be superior, but at present the hand separator was host. When there was a surplus of cream produced the fac tories would be more particular. The stuff tbnt came to the factory was bump ed on all sort of roads. So far be bad found thai lucerene was the bc«t feed, but lie was glad to bear, about the pas palum. Mr. Peek (LnganV contended tlml tbe best breed was Shorthorn crossed with the Ayrshire. Muize in tho. milky stage won tfOi'd ffledlngi Tim liuinh attjiabuiif; lie contended, was one of the finest things introduced into (he colony, aud was very valuable when breeding pigs, etc. lie admitted that the farmer a a rule did not grasp the value of clcnniincss, from the milking stage. The Travelling Dairy was a great help, educational uttd other wise; the practical good of it was untold, lie advocated vigorously greater educa tion in thcHe matter. In Denmark the education iu tlii respect commenced ut school. Why not train children from the age «»r 12 to 14 in Queensland? if lhey began ut. the schools (here was no doubt good results would ensue. Mr. J. C. NcUhou (Forest Hill), pre dicted (i great, future for the dairying in dustry. The first thing a man must sock to supply was food for Jii cattle. The drought would tenrli the people tlml they must be prepared to provide for food. The industry was "sure"; farm ing was uncertain. After doing justice to the value of the work of the Travel ling Dairy, he upheld the use of the houie Hcpumtor. "The calve thrived wonderfully well on the skimmed milk from siieli. Tie (the speaker), was a Dune, and he would declare that there should be no fenr ill Australia of Denmark iu competition. They, however, had differ ent way, which we would htwe to adopt — feeding, housing, etc. Ue thought the cross of Shorthorn and Ayrshire was the best class. Queensland bud so many nnvilcrrou tn llimiiiurl- Mini mil slmol/l ,...I do otherwise but progress beyond Den mark. If wo were careful householders, and preserved our food, wo should not have had In suffer so much now iu drought. We should save up for u "dry" day. Every dairy farmer- should lmvo a silo, and many things that were looked upon as nuisances would prove very use ful in dry weather. (Applause.) Mr. Smith (Dnndaberg). considered one of the most successful mutters in connec tion with dairying was "creature com forts." "Knocked about" aud "run about " cows meant loss to the owner, lie advocated housing cattle during the winter montliR — ho had tried both ways, ; and found cuttle housed would give double the yield. The less the number of Acts of Parliament passed the better for the industry. (Applause.) it Mr- Dean (Maryborough), pointed out .Unit the future lay with .export trade, and advocated cleanliness. It was fool ish for the fnetorics to pay as much for an inferior article ns for n good one. He gave details in connection with testing in factories, and usked all to consider tho future— send the best cream to the fac tories, although they may not. get anv more for it. (Applnuse.) Mr. Thomas llamlyn (Crow's Nest) fa vored Jerseys for pure milking strain: Shorthorns with Jerseys, if lhey wuntcd some beef. He also pointed out. the bed effect of bad treatment of cows. Feeding was more than (lie breeding; the beat fodder, he thought, was lucerne. Old In- eerne, would, however, tirinl the milk. Tie uiuield the use of the home sopnrn- tors. The factories should be more care ful, nml compel farmers to send their cream immediately every day. !' rmvH (Ronia). recommended Nature's provision for drought "—prick ly pear-T-for fodder. They boiled the pear and mixed it with u little salt and pollard. (Laughter.) His cows would stand a comparison with nny in the State. In reply to a question he stated that- he n.i ,(Tn "le Poa' for three months. Hie Shorthorn crossed with tho Jersey wore the best. He predicted a great fu ture for tho iuduatry iu Roma. Ilonm would be. ahead of Toowoomha people yet. (A Voice: "With the aid of prickly pear." Laughter.) They had tanks in winch they boiled the prickly pear — what for?— to get. a factory erected there ! (Great, applause !) Mr. John Roid (Brisbane), held that if they separated dairying from the policy oi land settlement, the latter would fail considerably. The homo separator did certainly offer considerable advantages to farmers: lint u! Ili<> should know how to properly work those separators. There was just the difficulty of the retention of the erenni too long on a fnrm; it was almost impossible by ony test at all to act up u standard by which crcum ' should be rejected. He re ferred to tlie development of the industry m Siberia, where the surf won content with perhaps Gd. jier day. Wo lmd, there fore a most formidable competitor iu Russian butter. Danish penplo had act ually been buying up that butter, put. tboir brands ou it, and sent it forth us their own. There was certainly a great donl to bo done by legislation to make fanners keep clean yards. The pig must 1m kept away from the byres, and ccr- tainly there wa a great deal to bo done in the direction of legislation. (Applause.) Air. . Atkinson (Panderoo), vigor ously advocated thnt the Government should provide bulls for the iirc of farm- era. Ho also thought, the Department should usRist und encourage the use of paspulum. In the northern districts of New South Wales farmers who had fed the entile on this grnsR carried off the butter prize for tho State. (Applause.) Mr. Turdont (Dallamil), said he was perfectly satisfied that this grass was the stand-by of the farmers. It was difficult to get good seed, but let tliein get u root. (Applause.) Mr. MeShune. in replying to tho dis- cussion, pointed out tlml in Denmark home separators were not allowed. The conditions with which Hie home separator was run m Queensland were fur uway from the right way; he was quite certain that butter for export could not be made by the hand separator. It was sei'd bv D<u,. ?b people that Denmark had not. any thing to fear from Australia until they gave up their home soimrators. Ho' maintained that it was as reasonable to 't-'ff'-'datioH for the cleanliness of dr»'rn«s as it wns to prevent crime. I lie 1 recidcnt then referred to the as sistance the Government had given to the industry. The Government recognis ed tbe groat importance of dairying. As regards supplying bulls for farmers, lie would assure them it was rather a large contract. At the same time, a bull wns provided at Wc«tbrook nt one time; it bad been there four years, und onlv ion or twelve nmdict for tho services of the bull, although the charge wns but fiq. "People also differed about the value nf certain bull®. With reward to naspilum ornss. this had boon disseminated from the Gollege nt very reasonable terms. (Applnuse.) . . A RTATTSTTHAT, JIR-WOTT FOR THE AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT. Mr. Deacon (Central Downs Aoricultu- ral and. Horticulture! Association. Al- loro). in advocating tbe above subject, said tlmt the Government should mve in formation us regards Hie state of tbo mar ket. tbo puimlv and the demand. At the present lane thev were in IV hands of rinofi. Now, farmers sold their the-- wliont Hnu>K ni 9. «1A. l»j n short time they could oef 4s. for it. The difference, uerlmps bad gone into one maoVj noeket. Tey. ' perhaps, could pot-, blame the miPers. In no eonuHv in Die world did tho twice vnrv os much as in Queensland. Tab" for inneo maize— farmers did not really few Fhnt vnln);thc mirize wns wotMi.' II' «ii» fii.it Hu I" AmrrleHj NliHfli (Jib contingency wan provided for by the Go vernment. NowBpapcra could render great service in this respect. They wanted ex act information. In China the production was scientifically regulated, so that there would be no surplus over the demand. Let the farmer know how much wheat and maize was in the country or in Aus tralia, or would be grown. (Applause.) Mr. McLean (Agricultural Adviser), pointed out thnt the very figures Mr. Deacon wanted he tried lo get, and gave details regarding his efforts, the local go vernment. bodies, for one, having prac tically refused to give it. -Tho Depart ment wan quite prepared to do what Mr. Deacon wanted. That that information could bo procured, aud would be procur ed, he was confident. (Applause.) Mr. C. P. Muu (Muckay), pointed out that Air AIcLean was willing to help them, hut they would not help themsel ves in this respect. He advocated co operation in the matter of supplies, etc. The moment the Dcpartmcut found thnt the farmers were sincere in helping them selves the Department would help them. (Applause.) Mr. llamlyn (Crow's Nest), stated tlmt as u member of the IlighficldR Board, tlie Board thought that this work tfu put on the Board to relieve the police, but even if they took it on, the Board would require to employ a man. Forms however, should be sent out to farmers. Mr. \V. Miseatnklc (Roma), pointed out the loss which ensued from the furtucri; shipping away millions of bushels or cer eals, receiving hut a very small price, whereas if thev had known there was nn more than the amount required in the States they would certainly not have risen the price or that product to them selves. (Applause.) Mr. Deacon replied iu pithy terms. The next paper was then read as fol- IMAIIGRATION. (By J. K. Dean, Aluryborougli). It i not my intention to occupy the time of this conference with an unneces sary description of the system under which immigration wuh conducted iu the past. 1 will come to the point by say ing that to n large extent it failed in its object, i.e., to provide u suitable class of labour for agricultural pursuits. First, because tho majority of thoBC who were brought here were nut furm labour ers, amongst llioiu being men from every branch of trade in the United Kingdom, many of them having as much practical knowledge of farming as a South Sen Islander bus- of Greek; also many of those who came stayed iu the towns or found work ou the railway line and other places. Others again, unable to find suitable employment, migrated to the Southern State, although the tux- payer of Queensland had paid from .£9 to .£13 ouch Tor the passages of tlieae men. The effect has been that whilst met; have been hustling each other In the towns for a few days' work to en able them to live, production has been get tho necessary labour. I have often been surprised to boar the HonseloHS re marks of some of the town workers in regard to the producers in the country. They forget that " Production is the source of wealth." This is clearly to ho seen now that day after day pusses with out rain, and King Drought stalk tri umphant through this sea-girt continent of ours, and production for the F being is checked! Thou meu's hearts begin to fear, trade is slink,, work is scarce, and the unemployed gatner at the street corners, aud deputations wait ; upon the heads of municipalities anil Government asking that relief work be started for the help of tho unemployed, aud I believe I am right in saying that hearts nre uplifted in prayer to Iitm whom lhey have so long forgotten — lie who givoth the sunshine and the rain. Let us hope the lesson will be remem bered. To those who think that agri culture. dairying, etc., is not of much importance, or worthy of special con sideration, I would .jMiiut out thnt there is still plenty of gold iu tho mines, plenty of coals iu the bowels of the earth, plenty .of timber in the forests, but without the farmor these tliiugs fail to give pros perity, so we must admit there is some truth in the old saying, "The farmer pays for all." Thon is it not wise to give him tlie necessary labour to work tor the good of m,. if the past ha not been too good for the farmer, is there any prospect of the future being better? j here loom uheud in the dim fiiture.au income tux, u land tax, a minimum wage, und a statutory eight hour. The first we need not fear. Our surplus income in not likely to be large cQough to tax —if it is we will willingly pay it. Tho second will cause us to pay more money away directly and indirectly, for the tradespeople will put the amount of their and tax upon the goods they sell. The third aud fourth will he u stronger in- duecniout for tho country labourer to come into town and pass a miserable ox- isteuee on « few days' work per week, although his wife and children niuy not be so well fed and clothed as ir in the country with its fresh air and froedom, with plenty of milk, fresh eggs, vogo- tables and fruit, and everything condu cive to growing up to a strong, healthy, independent manhood or womauhood, free from tho physical and moral taints winch, alas, are too common, in city lifo. Snuic people seen, to think (hot tho niturc prosperity of thin country dupcmlfl upon its towns und eities. To toy niind UiiB is n mistake, for our future pros perity depends ii noil llih ..r production mid esporls. If Ihcs'e nro attended to the towns will follow as a natural eoiiscoimuee. Lhonpli Iar,e cities are a nurse, jieiup hotbeds of sill and iniquity. Tho larger tho cities the greater number or liniiinn parasites there are .to prey upon their follow-tieiugs, in stead of earning their own living in tho conntry J horo is piouty of work to do ;r rohnblo Inbotir could lie found to do "t. In lay district (the Wide Hay) there are plenty of openings for the use of capital winch .would he a help to tho employer and the employee and to Iho count ry in general, hut those who would liko In eniburk in these undertakings nre , " 1|P »- They say we cannot reh- upon Iho labour, for at a critical time „ ""'y lic. ll!fl >» .tlie lurch and suiter heni j loss if not ruin, and owing lo tliis ni'.'rjr'r ,a Hi.t!ii".fTlod n,,d t,,c i|opie of this Mate arc tho losers. I am not allitd- inIti , "clf l',ll""lr' 1 wi" '!'"<<> from an article which appeared in tlie "Mary- borough Chronicle" of tho 28th Sfay Mr„„ J"\rlak from thl- Melbourne Of H n - - f hiekcnzie, the President the Jrnnurnotnrcra' Associntion, having just returned from London, linn nine h to say on (lie trade. Mr. Mackon- holiovos that if Australia is tu iui- prove hor footing in the old world, nnd to make.it permanent, our bntter- ninkara will hnvo to uddrcss themselves seriously' ?".uJect. Ol Winter production. Alter givnig good ronauns why this should he done, tho nrticlo goes on: — Our dairy people, say: "Winter produe- nan means more labour— labour in grow, jag fodder. labour in feeding the licrds, labour all round. Our families, when we nave families, cannot stand the strain of such work, and ns to labour, we can not oven obtain labour for summer nro- auction. Wo cannot pay tho rates of tho Wages Board even in summer, bronco doe not pay those wages, nor Denmark, nor Hollaud, and therefore winter competition is impossible. We nre dropping more and more to the iiosi- tion thnt wo lmvo to oven limit our summer production to ,uc herds which we can nianngo without hired help." ARcr expressing whut the dairy People say, the "Argus" continues:— "Thfe is substantially tho position, und how it is tn be altered so as to make winter pro duction a possibility is not easy to fore- Jell. As Mr. Alackenzie says, the pro- ; blcin has to bc-grapnled with, nnd the best minds of tho'indiistry and the best minds of thoso who wish tbe develop ment of tbe State need to bo stendilv directed to it. It certainly is nn anom- aly tbnt on tbe one band we should have a piteous cry of distress from the unem ployed every year in the winter, nnd thnt on the other linnd wo should he told that the impossibility of obtaining labour should make a winter industry impos- sihlo. It is a curious problem tlmt has to he worked out in Victoria as between the conflicting claims' of the Trades nail one! the country industries." T am sure that not onlv in Victoria but iu Queens- lnnd tbii problem has to be solved. I mnv claim to know something of the difficulties which beset ur. I do not cbrim to be n very large dairyman, though I employ threo or four perons all tbo year through. With one pood man T can manage with lads of 14 years and upwards for tbe lighter work, lis I Jtiw fed bit thu milking daily for the last six years. I know what class of labour the duirymeti and fanner require, and often during the past 17. veaw, when I hod got- a lad well used to the work nnd hud inculcated habit of cleanliness and caro ill tho treatment of milk and cream, etc.. 1 lmvo been met with something like the following: "Father says I nin get ting strong now, and he wonts me lo learn tho blncksniilhing." If not that it is to learn something else, aud I have to go over tho whole process with someone else. Odd ones, of course, have stayed for year. In speaking of my own case 1 urn only describing tbo experience of others. I do not blame parents for tak ing their lads away if they think they can improve their position, though I think most of the trades arc overdone — inure men than there is work for. If it is necessary to teach boys other trades is it not also necessary to tcacli thoin fanning and dairying, and why should we not have a class of men who can say, " 1 have been trained to do farm work or dairy ing work." I may say this kind of man never need bu out of work, lie can al ways find employment and would often start business for himself. I have pointed out the difficulties of the present aud Irintcd nt those of the future, nnd I think it is quite time wc try and secure for the goad of the- State as a whole the class of labour wc want. I would not recommend the Government to bring out any more men to swell the ranks of the unem ployed. Such a course would be wrong, und I cnrlorso the action of the Govern ment in retrcnchinc Air. Gon. Randall. the Emigration Lecturer, in the United Kingdom. I will endeavour to suggest il sciicine to provide us with the cIuhh of labor which would become the most valu able nf any kind we have had. Aly sug gestion is to indent a number of boys annually from the United Kingdom. There are homes such us Dr. Burnardo's from ivhich orphan and destitute boys can be obtained under an agreement for a number of years. Thousands of these boys have been, sent to Canada, and have proved so worthy that the Dominion Go vernment have given them free grants of" hind upon which to commence farming for themselves. I understand the help which these hoys have rendordd has given n great- impetus to the dairying industry ill thnt progressive country. I would get those boys at 14 years of age, and it would be ncccssnry to have n fixed scale of wages to be controlled by the Govern ment in a similar way to' thnt now in force under the orphnhnge syfltcm, with rertntu alterations. I will give a scnle of .wages and will suppose the employer to nay into the Government Savings Bank a portion of the boy's wnges every -quar ter, nnd the balance to the boy ns pocket money every month, or oftener. The first three yonra the employer will find cloth- big. On nttnining the age of 17 the boy will have nn increased allowance to en able him to buy his own clothing, etc. I will show the ago. tho amount of wnges per year, the rate nor week, the weekly value of the quarterly Savings Bank de- wrR, and the weekly allowance ns pocket d a . ta J> -3 " ' P" I 14 to 15 7/10/0 8/0 2/G Gd. and clothing 15 ti 1(1 10/8/0 4/0 8/G fid. and clothing 10 to 17 18/0/0 5/0 4/0 Od. and clothing 17 to 18 28/8/0 0/0 G/0 8/0 no clothing 28 to 19 37/li/O 10/6 7/0 8/6 no clothing 19 to 20 31/4/0 12/0 8/0 4/0 no clothing 20 to 21 36/8/0 11/0 9/6 4/5 no clothing Tlie employer would have paid .£149 10. besides clothing fur the first three years, aud the young mun would have standing to Iris credit in tlie Saviugs Bank on Iris 21t birthday the sum of, .£114 17s. Id.— that is including 'the interest and com pound interest. This is without the amounts which he would have received as puckct money. Tlie employer would huvu found lrim suitable bnnrd und lodg ings during the wh-.lv years. The amount for the first .t. ..ir is .£2 12. in excess' of the amoiut rgiid under the Orphanage system. 'lo. Jiothcr nf the late Alius Francis AVillurd once Bald that " While heredity counts for much, en vironment -is akin to destroy." I have already pointed nut the sins of city life, and I believe tluit if 1(H) orphan boys were brought here from England and lived here for seven years in the cities and then enme into possession of this amount nf money, fully 90 per cent, would go to the bad. On the other hand, being placed in the country for sevcu years, with the pure influence of couutry life, the result would be quite different. The fsct of a seven years' apprenticeship to the work, and friendships formed in the district, and perhaps affections centered Dieru would all be in favor of remaining there, and having money la begin with. I have no doubt that from those 100 young men would como many farmers and dairymen trained for their life's ' work. One hundred of these young men would ho worth from the Savings Bank deposits alone tho sum of, say, Jill, 400. If 100 young men were to conic to Queensland having a full knowledge of local condi tions, and possessed of this sum of money, the newspapers would speak in a liopefiil strain of tho benefit likely to accrue, yet this is quite witlriu our reach and power to bring about. Some people will wonder what the post will be to the country to indent these boys. I believe the sum of »nMim i;o»u vwiy cA|iciiKc inuurrcu In bringing 100 of these boys here, and dolivering them into the charge of those who want them ; perhaps a smaller sum than is spent on immigration at the pre sent time. Will the person getting a lad pay apy tiring ns security to the Govern- ; ment as against failure to meet the quar ter's wage? is a question some will nsk. I would charge every master J)6 before taking the boy. Tliis would give the Go- vcrnment £500. or 83 per cent, of their money back n?nin. Provision would have to be made for sickness if n long one. A liwht weekly charge nf 2d. would more than cover this, and in the event of n bm dying the Savings Bank deposit would cover it, without charging the farmer if unwilling to bear the cost himself. Tn conclusion, I will ask tho delegates of this Conference to weigh the matter over well, nnd tell lis where they are going to get their labour in the future. " Let us try and get these boys who will become the backbone nnd mainstay of tbe coun- trv in the days to comc. The next papers were thon rend as fo!- lows: — " ESTABLISHAIENT OF LABORERS' HOMES BV PRACTICAL METHODS." (By.C. P. AIAU, AInckay.) , Iu introducing my paper for this con- torence, I shall endeavour to show thai its object is of vital importance to tho oiuiu'iis wen as to the employer und laborer. It is evident, with respect to the rela tion between employed and employer, that- something is needed in order to se cure for the employer reliable lnbor, but nt tho same time secure for the laborer something to occupy himself with when out of employment. llow can we bring this about? As well all know, more labor is requir ed at harvest time than at any other time of the year. At the same time, it is out of tlie ques tion for a farmer or a manufacturer to employ the same number of laborers in tlie off scasou as lie docs in harvest or other busy time; hence labor becomes un reliable more or less for the simple rca- sou that employment is not constunt. As a rule, laborers in this country have no homes of their own where they ean oc cupy thomselve when out of employment. Some years ago a movbmcnt was started by the workers in the Muckay district to potitiou the Government to cut up some of the reserves into f>-ncre blocks for lab orers' homes. Our association took the matter up, and advised the Government to that offect. Tho reply wns, that the divisional hoard lmd tho reserves under their control. That body, however, being adverse to the scheme, the matter drop ped. Now, it seems tn me that the sclicmo can bo carried out in a practical way very simply nnd easily. The Government are now purchasing estates when offered on reasonable terms, which are subsequently cut- up into farms, then offered to farmers on a time pay ment extending over a number of years—' nn experiment which has proved to bo a great- succors. Would it not be very simple to so ex tend tho Lnnd Purchase Act thnt nn es- tate could be cut up (when purchased)' 'in to small blocks, say, of 3 to .5 acres in a convenient locality near to snmo centre Jiury i VniV ' y 1 n 1 lp l)lenf,il during Offer these small blocks of land to la borers to make homes for themselves on terms simitar to those uow offered to farmers. Thus the laborers would he en abled to ncqiiiro home of their own for their families with the money they taunt now pny in house rent. Alorcovcr, in slack times, there would be employment ut homa in improving their holdings in varum ways. As to the eventual success of t ho .scheme of establishing laborer' home on the lines here indicated, no doubt exists in my mind from the mero fact that it is obviously practical. To bear out my contention, I may any that a similar system is now in vogue on the Continent of Europe, where extra la bor in harvest- time is practically looked for from, the Haiismann, ns he is styled. What is more, employers will have more reliable labor, whilst, at the same time, the laborers will bo able to have a little more than n bare bouse to depend on in the slack season, in the shape of a bit of land (which will be his' own) for a garden. A few fowls can be maintained nn the lnnd, and n cow can be kept as well as a pig or two. What will that menu to n laboring mnn with a fnmiW tn tide them over slack times, inBtcnd of wandering into some town, looking for a catch inh nnd snending every pennv that might- have been saved in harvest time? i must leave that problem to our. wise legislators to think out. T hope nnd trust this Conference will take this matter into serious considera tion. nnd urge the Government, to do something on tho lines nbovc indicated. I am sure it will be a great benefit to nil concerned, ns by doing so wc shall' take n number of unemployed off the market, which will be a very desirable thing to do. considering that the Government i now forced by circumstances to expend money every year in rations to Bcrvc out to noor Ticonle in order to prevent star- vation when out of employment, thereby perhaps encouraging idleness instend of thrift. Anything, more that I can say. will not make mv contention anv clearer or more practical : so )' will conclude my napcr, thanking yon for the attentive henring you have afforded mo during its rondlng. GOVERNMENT CLEARING LAND TO ENCOURAGE SETTLEMENT. (By Daniel Smith, Yingerlmy.) Owing to the extreme depression now existing in the hind from these bud times, wc must adopt some method of creatiug more circulation of capital and closer settlement of the peo ple on the land. Wc wish to suggest whut wc consider would prove a produc tive outlay — 1\. Choose spots suitable for agriculture. 2\. The Government to have the land cleared, and then to throw it open for selection on easy terms. 3\. The benefits, wc consider, arc as fol- 4\. Giving employment to people. 6\. Encouragement to village settle- G. Distributing capital ,on a productive outlay. 7\. Assisting and inducing people to go on tlie laud by giving them the means to do go. 8\. Lnnd is now lying idle nnd is rapid ly deteriorating by the growth of timber und prickly pear. 9\. Wc consider the laud when cleared would be selected at once and be eagerly inquired for. 10\. This scheme would do away with the heavy burden that rests on the poor man. und the people would have the land under crop it good many years sooner. 11\. The inmicy spent by the Govern ment would be quickly repaid, for men would prefer to pay for cleared land, uh tli oy could get a return quickly. - 12\. This would increase the wealth of the district, and give a considerable amount of profitable employment to the poor man and increase population. Discussion then followed on both pa pers. ATr. W. G. Winnett (Logan) strongly supported Air. Deun'R paper. Mr. J. W. Lee (Zillmere), however, pointed out some practical results which lie experienced in indenting Bernardo's hoys to pick cotton. He had the sonic ideal then tlmt Air. Dcnn had now. but experience wont against his ideals. Some of tho hoys were good, but they should be cant ions. (Applause.) Mr. F. W. Peek (Logan), said he had Known trom triends in Canada that £0 per cent, of Barnnrdn's boys proved gn m! citizens. He also strongly supported Mr. Ainu's paper. Air. F. J. StcvcnB (Mackay), pointed out that Dr. Bnrnardo always insisted upon strict supervision of the boys until thoy wore drilled in good principles. He endorsed Air. Man's idea. Air. W. D. Lamb (Yangan), asked when I here- were bright examples of Bnrnordo's boys in Queensland at tho present time why not endorse Mr. Dean's proposal. He disapproved nf Air. Alan's idea. Air. Dcnn, in replying, stated that the hoys would lie tinder this supervision of the State; Mr, Lee indentured privately, A fatherly interest and a fatherly care would be given tbe boys; more so. than under the Orphanage system. (Applause.) Mr. Man also replied. It was tlie lnli- orcrs at present in the State tlmt he al luded to in his paper; they would not have to pay hs much for the piece of land us they paid in rent 'for u house. Mr. McLean (Agricultural Adviser), said it was strange tlmt most of the sub- loots diRctiRRctl had been considered by the Department long ago. Reformatory und Orphanage boys in Queensland had boon a success. Ho referred to experi ments made by New Zealand, which, he contended, had not been a success. This concluded Tuesday's proceeding. 