in i Woman'siHlnfl, Br Comradb Maby, — NOTE.— Correspondence heartily invited. A London paper, the 'Clarion,' has received two . letters from English immigrant servants in Brisbine compkin ing bitterly of their treatment here, They were superior, capable girla, attracted by advertisements promising 30s,jveekTvri3ut at our registry offices theylfiseovereo that the work i* much harder, and under worse conditions, than in England, After travel ling round Brisbane they were engaged in a boarding- house at 10*. a week each— one as waitress, to attend on fifty people, the t)ther as housemaid V-both working hard from six in the morning till late at night They solemnly discourage Eogliah girls from coming here; and the Clarion indignantly asks : 'Why go to Australia for openings of this sort ? Are there nut p'enty at home ?'' We don't want Lidy ChermsideJp_knowvbutfche general opinion of import^ servants who stay here in that some of our Brisbane mistresses have es caped from a circus. One tony matron engaged a giri on the pavement outside her mansion, and lo»4ly cross-examined her there as to hut habtt^her health, and her reference-, until a small crowd eoK lect»d. Another ioo^ ^iwly*1 opened ber-^^Bia'1 door herfeetf, and when the fid explained her ermud she snapped out, **Go rouud to the back door I' without further ceremony than slamming the door th her face. The delegates to the Interna tional Woman Suffrage Conference i»»ve proved that there h a strong bond between beauty ani intelligeioe. An American papr thus describe* some of the foreign delegate* :—' They are all interesting, but all different; the iair-tikinned, Bweet- faced women from Norway and Sweden; the dark, ali*r$» lender girt Imm Australia | the ruddy-cheeked, tx-uu«t Knglishwomau ; the lively little- tSeimaAi PrAukin, ^itfe eyes like diamonds ; the tall, jallylooking senorita from Ghili, blue-eynd, mi msyf and looking more like an Eugli-*h woman than a Spaniard ; the Dem of *hi* Aineri» pn College for 0icb at Con«tantinopK quiet and 'aetu4ble'; «nd the bright-ej'ed, delicate-featured Russian lady, who spoke such excellent English,' Max Nordau, the Belgian philo sopher, spitefully says that woman has a talent for externals and petty details, and itdaois herself readily to all social jKJaitionp, so that while the scent of the stable will cling for ever to the grojnTpronjoted to be Duke of Curland by the f jivour of an empress, the drum majors daughter— a CJuntass through Tier sovereignty over some Icing h affection— wilhnot !«* diRtingutshed from a lady- born after a fewweeiS, Wft can accept the reproach of adaptability gratefully. It meana that if a shipwreck**! man and woman were swept o'i to a desert inland the man would pit down and w*ep for the daily pape^, his bath room, and hH-Kpper«, while the woman hunted for eggs and wild bananas. In the clothing trade in Mil bourne it is the custom to deduct a full day's pay when no work is done on a Saturday, which is a half-day, Sixteen girls in this trad«* therefore appealed to the Anti-Sweating League, an* as a result of the representations of the League the girls have been 'paid for fortv*two half days' work. AJBrbbane An ti -Sweating League will arrive this year, next year, sometime, never ! _The man who wan genuinely anxious to lorm one, Davp Bowman, has been laid aside, an i meanwhile not even a factory inspeetmss will hear if Humiliation ]).iy in deducted from a small apprentice's pay. It is a curious characteristic of women who rind it lefes trying to live as men that they almost always-have jhe gift of making 'other women fall in love with them. A young woman recently sought and found work as Tuny Le'e&a.; a upry young man, at a large New York hat factory, 'and at OTiceHTouSpdTrte interest of nearly every woman i» the factory. But Tony fell in love, and 'ft'hile the girls were still waiting for -the deceiver to throw the seente I rose, she donned skirts and announced her marriage. Marie Christensen, a Danish servant girl, has made . herself famous. She has organised the women servants of ?Copenhagen into a union of 1500 member?, which demnnds a nine hours' day, overtime to be paid for extra, one room to each servant, the same food as used by th-* family, and leisure time to be utilised according to their own pleasure. Marie herself is employed in a Copenhagen family, and is considered a model pervani;. Bris bane matrons can expect either this develop ment of the. servant question, or perambu lating meals. The invention of a rotary shuttle sewing machine, whose lower bobbin carries over 1000 vardd of thread — an achievement that battled a generation of masculine inventors— was the work of a woman, Mrs. Traooy, of New York ; and 549 applicants for British patents during 1900 were aUo -WQmtffir Still women have nut, and neyeiL, will have, any inventive genius— according ? tcTpoor-Jealous man* ? Our society papers announce that Lily Chemiside will be introduced to many of our Society women at entertain- . s menta thia wjfl?t but meanwhile the Gt-ve-nor and nis charming wife are ? constant visitors to the new bearptt at the Botanic Gardens, where they frwai til© %ear# with apples^-JCitid of bretvkiug themselves in. aa it were, A. Brishane society wonian has called h»»r little girla ** Dorothy Ojive Violet Kthel,M_aud 'Lilian Ida^aur* ? Alice, * ao that the first fetters form the word* 'Dove' and 'Lik,' A sensible woman would name h »r daughter* 'Time' and (tTide,' so that they will wait for no mftn. Dear CiULDiiKS,— J: ? - Our State schools had a holiday one day last week for the children to pray for rain while their fathers lost a days ? my, AH our Government members of i'arlianent went to church, and dodged the collection plate by praying very hard for rain when it came rounds I hope you ? are ail getting your letters ready, telling what you know about Socialism. The pri«0 is a handsome bmik, and each of you should try haH to win it. A little girl write* this week ; ' '?' ? '?? .'?? .. Mtoltay, February 4, 1902. . ' . DEAaCJoMBAtisMm, --? -?-' . ;.?????? ,' :. . ' I*m»UttiojfIriiaye»r«ol4. tiiave thrw brother* a»4 wjxm sistera. W% fisWr — ?/ cane, and my brother, #boii it years old, cuts all thec^ne. When f nther hs*rd the kanakas were going, he wid: **Wbl* is hstnl news, 4 white man and bit family will be able to live now.49 We have had tome lovely jn|w, and the «3ountry looks like a pea field, but ffie tick* are worse thaw ever. I am in the ttilfd class at ixobool, and huve seven hens ana f pet foal. Mother wiahes womea h*d a vote i* Queen« iand. 1 am your trufi comrade, - _i A l.ITTtE «? WHltV. ADfiTRALIAS,' -~ 