THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE TEST. Yesterday our special reporter in Hie Gom- monwcalth Parliament referred lo 11 rumor there current which seems to explain tlie , reluctance .with .which the Allen Iminigra- ; l ion Act is being administered by I lie Bar ton Government. ".Members asked frequent ly why Mr. Barton did not apply the Greek, Russian, or oilier European test, so as to absolutely block alL aliens," our reporter wrote, "hut his invariable answer was that only seven bad passed the English test. To-day it was whispered iu political circles that tlie real reason for applying only the English test was a secret, cable received some months ago from the imperial authorities. In lids message, it. is alleged. Air. Chamberlain informed Hie Common wealth llial. serious complications might arise if Australia insisted 011 blocking aliens by testing them in some European language in which t.lie immigrant would have 110 pos sible chance of passing." There has always been a feeling Hint the preservation of a White Australia was an ideal of tlie Com monwealth which did not commend itself to the Imperial Government, and it is well known that: Mr. Chamberlain's persuasion was exercised upon Air. Barton in opposi tion to it. The Anglo-Japanese alliance fur nished a cause of danger to Australian racial purity tlie gravity of which we pointed out when if; was aiuioiuieed. There now seems reason to believe that one of its conse quences is becoming manifest. It. is diffi cult to fix any interpretation upon tlie course followed in pretence of carrying out the provisions of the Alien Immigration Restric tion Act save that care is being taken to avoid giving offence to the Japanese, at any cost— even tlmt of defeating llic ex press purpose of tho Act. That purpose was to reserve the Australia of tlie future for occupancy by tlie white races of the earth. In the course of the agitation which 1 preceded the Act, and in the Parliamentary discussion of tlio measure, that sole pur pose was kept constantly in view— no such object as that of excluding -white peoples being ever contemplated. But, as the Act is now' being administered, it would almost seem that tlie end sought was to exclude whites and give the native races of Japan nnd India a good chance of obtaining ad mission. Within two months since the Act ,wns passed 4-12 of tlie aliens whom it was intended to exclude have, under vari ous pretexts, become residents among us. At the same time, tlie language test is boiug so applied as to close onr uoors 10 wnne im migrants. A striking case in point is tlie shameful treatment of a Portuguese sailor, who was sentenced in Newcastle the other day to six months' Imprisonment because he could not pass "a test in tlie English langungc. If this test ; is .persisted in, a great multitude of possible French, Gorman,' Italian, Swedish, Norwegian, Danish, and other European im migrants, who would -form a valuable and welcome addition to our population, will ' have the door of the Commonwealth closed! Iu their faces. And sucli a regulation would 1 form no safeguard agnlust an influx of j colored aliens sufficient to outnumber tbe 1 present white people of /Australia by ten to one. In India millions of the natives, especially those resident In cities, can speak Euglisli much better tliaii'a majority of tlie people of most European countries. The Eurasians, ivlio bulk so largely (among, the undesirable alien in ces we seek to exclude, have a special aptitude for the acquirement of languages. They arc very generally em ployed as printers, proof-readers, aud the like,, in the newspaper offices of India. Among the Japanese of the coastal region there are' -many, who speak and write Eng lish well enough, to pass any reasonable test, wliile Malays, Cingalese, and tlio parti cularly undesirable .whitey-brown and cloud ed-yellow human mixtures of tlie Straits Settlements can get along fairly well, on the average, in the English tongue. It is obvious, therefore, that tlie attempts . being ! made to;carry out one of the most important laws" of the " Commonwealth are farcical. Tliey constitute not only nil insult to tlie intelligence of Australia, ami. a flouting of the constitutionally expressed wishes or its people, but n. very grave injury to tlio cause of race .purity, in defence of which the Com monwealth 6tnnds united throughput its lougtli and breadth. For not only are tlfe elements ,of population which wo desire to admit being excluded, but those wo wish to keep out are being allowed to pour in. This is a state of things which will not long be allowed to continue, no matter what may bo the views of Mr. Chamberlain regarding tbe necessity for extending Australian hospi tality to colored races. 