;Sgime)D ®ooi & cStod; Journal. \ Bi-Weel^ly Review of the Wool, Fat Stock, and Station Produce Trades. POBMHKRD EVKllY TUKSDAY AND FRIDAY. MONDAY, SIOI'TKMIIKlt •-!!!. Tin; Nliuh and his suite spent moo.ono w>>(!<• in I'uris, I he Uucoii i>f tin- Melciniis has died <.f *.\ ncope, whilst, (lining. < ieneriiI ruins have fallen over Iniliii. an.I a iriiuil iniliiinii harvest i.s unt iejpji t,.d I In* Hunk of KukIuihI profits for t he half year ending Autrii.Mt. :tl were CTIl'.'JIH Mr Nicholas Kish, n millionaire. has hern " I'fiiwl in a st.i In New Vurk. The Venezuelan troops litt\>• 11• -f<>i11• I tin* (.'ov.-riiinciil (loops near the i'ii pi I a I, Cant IMS. Some of I hi- railway rales which were re rout |y increased in Uueensliuid liavi. I re duced. I'll.- ('/nr reviewed NO,000 (roups at Kursk on I'Viilay Tin' Ninth was present as his k'ucst. Sir 'I'lionias l.ipliin intends lo loil^e a i'Iiiillein*c for tin- America Cup In-fore <)eto. ln'r I . Mr. .1. II. I 'arru I hers has been circled louiler of I lie Opposition ill the Stale Par liament . The Stale Coventor officially opened the Culctiirii to < ierninntoii railway line on Thursday. Shortly before Madame Media's arrival at Altuiry on Satiirilny, her fulher was seized with paralysis. A | hi til it: meet inn will lie held in llrisl.une shortly to ur^o Queensland to sei'ede from the l''edera t ion. I.ord Salisbury is e.ontined lo his lied at. !«ticcruc with ^out. The latest reports lire fii voiirahli.1. .Mr. Stanley Spencer has sailed Mil miles across London in an airship of his own con.strucl.io/i. In a speech tit. Nhiii on Saturday, the Victorian Premier said he expected a deficit of Xfi,'til,linn. An ollicial Uoynl procession through the city and South l.umlon has linen arranged for October U,"i, Madame Media's arrival in Sydney on l-Yidny was witnessed liy it ^real crowd at Ki'dfeni station, Uussla has issued u live per cent, tfold loan of IM.'JIo.noo sterling, the minimum lieinn fixed at !M|. Mori.' I (oxers liuve boon executed at Chelltf I'u llritisli and Krench Kunhoiits are with in Oil miles of the city. The crnt.fr of I,a Sotifriere, St. Vincent., is attain active. An oarthipiakc shock has lieen felt at San Krunolseo, I'l.-niiit.s to laud at the Cape will not in future lie roipiirod unless tho immigrants in tend uoIiik' to other colonics. '('lie Australian cricketers were enthusi astically fa rewel led at the Waterloo station on Krlday iiy it lar|£e crowd. The Cltinii Inland Mission authorities b<» li't'vu that the whole of (jhinu is morn or less in a state of restlessness, Kreil, Lain!, the Sydney swimmer, hu.s on talilished ti record at Holtou l»y swimmlnj,' I .'iH yards In liuiu. Nil .'l-osoc. The ki'oss takings during tho KugllHlt tour of tlie Australian crickotor.s were iM,l!70 below those of the I Nil!) team. He Wet, spunking ul Antwurp, said If any one tiled to ilrivo Urn Moors too much there would posslhly ho a catn.stropho. The Kedurnl Homo Socrotury has received a fortnight's notiuo from Sir .John See to vacate thu Ihiwus' I'olnt grounds, Admiral Marakow hua inveutuil a sounding instrument to kIvii warning of tho approac|i of torpedoes anil subnmruio vohhoIh, l''earlMK' ti strike in thu Wul.sh coal minim, the Danish railways trunsforrod an order for (10,000 tons of coal to Gormtiiiy. Tin! Arbitration (Jourt has dismissed the claim of thu Professional Musicians' As,so elation against Mr. .J. 0. Williamson. The subscriptions «ivot» lir Holland to wards the Moor rolluf fund are com punitive-, ly pour, and tho movomont Is lla^iiif,', My an explosion in a mine in West Vir ginia (IF.H.A.) many mon -have boon killed, Sovtinteun bodies have noun rooovorod. KIkIHIii^-has takon plauo butwoon CIiIiiiiho ri'Kuliir.s and Itoxurs in (JhoiiK-tu. The former woro victorious, am) ordur was rostorod, j The Itlnnwood and Old HurrlK'un Mstates, near t'orowa, luivo liuon olToi'uil for salo to tin.' ('rown for donor settlement purpont's, 'I'lui llooi' KonoralH luivo dollnltoly almn donuil their Intention of touring; in lOuropo, Tlu.'.v will, liowoviir, Hpouk In DruNHdN iiikI Morlin, Tho outward freights from Ktiropo to La I'lntii luivo. Iit'on liicroaKod ^O |ior cont. Ii.v tho Clorman iuu) English Nti>aitislil|i .coin pimieM, 