Miscellaneous' Messages. LONDON, October 15. Accounts bare been received stowing the gratifying results which have attended Lord ililner's recent tour in the Transvaal. \ :A movement having for its-object the pre* senrarion to the/Harqais of Linlithgow (Earl of Hopetoun) a portrait of himselPis pro gressing in Scotland.. * .-LONDON, October 16. Sir J.' Goraoii Sprigg (Premier of Cape CoJonr) states that a Customs Conference, at .which all the Sonth African States will.be represented," will meet, in -January next to I consider the possibility of establishing a I general customs union for Sonth Africa. The Bight Hon. George Wynaham, Chief Secretary for Ireland, speaking at Bolton, in Lancashire, iast nighty stated that the Irish Land BOX would be the principal measure before Parliament next session. A fire broke out yesterday in Bolton Hall, atLeyburn, the Yorkshire seat of Lord^Bol ton, the builaiug being practically destroyed. Lord Bolton's valuable collection of; pictures was saved. ' . * •'.««. An attempt to wreck a train conveying SOp British troops hear Pietehnaritzburg, in Natai, is reported. . *' Cbaita*" were dis covered to have been wedged on the; metals at short intervals. . : • j * * A; bill providingfor the sale of the Dauish West India Islands1 to t^e United^tates has passed its first reaaing in the Lendsthing (the .^epate or IJpper.HQUse.of the Banish Parlia ment!. • • n' " Ex*Presiaeut Kruger, who hai^ "been — ~ " p, forest' residing.. at Utrecht, ,in ..Holianp, . t . time,-has gone to;-Hentone, in thej sputh of France. ''-'i'- - • -c i ».:S r s; . ' .b^OHDON, OefqW 17. 1 A'photograph o?aMr. Jones's ^ufesign for the Adelaide war memorial has' tjeen pre sented to the King, who has expressed u hope to see the completelicitne.. •" * i Bear-admiral Lord Charles W. D. .Beres-" ford, ALP., has been promoted to'the rank of vice-admiral. s • ... General Viscount Eatcbener has left Lon don' for Paris and Brindisi, on his way to take up his command in India. The Queensland State Agency' in London has opened & city branch in Eastcheap, where samples of Queensland products will be kept and inquiries answered. ; - Several earthquake tremors are. reported to',have been experienced in the!northern portion of Scotland. ,. ' . j , .The .Government, of the Republic of Uruguay tfave adopted a law gran tins certain privileges and exemptions from' duties in connection with the establishment of meat freezing works. The'privileges are to'remain iri vpffoe for five yeans. . j " "LONDON, October IS. iAureciprocity convention between .New foundland and the United States, by .which the' products of Newfoundland will be ad- j raitied -free of duty;-.has been arranged at I Washington. ' v G eneral Tinniuj' the leader of the rebellion in thVnegro republic of Hayti. in the West Indies, with -M o: his follower?, is reported' to be on a steamer going to Inagua. Tho rebels have surrendered to the Government troops at SL- Hare and Gcnaive*. ^ " New* come from Pekin that'the Govern mentof China have sanctioned the issue ii^ - Prtri?, through a Russian-bank, of a loan of; 40,000,000 fniucV(£l,G00,000} for ihe con struction of a railway line from Ching-ting fu'to Tayueu-ftf. • It is announced that -Mr. George Randall, the Queensland immigration agent in Great Britain, is about to reiurn to Queenslahd. Ho * will be a passenger by tho steamer Orontes. * LONDON, October 19. It is reported that the art purchases mads by Hr. J. Pierpont Morgan, the' American millionaire, during the present, year reach a total of. £1,000.000. The sales were effected chiefly-through London art dealers. ■"* Commandants Kruitzinger, Joubert; and Fouche have arrived in London, but their visit is not of a political character. News from Johannesburg states that the Chamber of Mines there has passed a reso lution protesting,against the payment by the Transvaal of any contribution ro the expenses of the late war during the next five years. ^ LONDON, October 20. News has been received that the Turkish authorities have constructed a fort oa the Arabian shore of the Straits of Bab«el-Mandeb which commands the island of Perim, a British possession in the straits. News from Constantinople states that the Porte of Turkey has arranged for the conver sion of the custom loan, which wiil realise a profit of £2.000.000. Many of the creditors of Turkey are elamorous over the scheme. News* comer from Washington that the United States-army, which was largely in creased hi 1898 on the outbreak of war with Spain, and since has been abnormally large, has been reduced to .its legal or statute limit of 53,000 officer* and men. Shocks of earthquake have bum experienced in the eastern portion of Tennessee and in the north-western portion of Georgia (U.S.A.}.. The commission appointed by the Govern ment of Natal to inquire into the best method" of providing for the defence of the country, are in favour of a modified form .of compul soryfcervice. • LONDON. October 21. '■ Saturday next, the 25th instant, the day fixed for the royal procession- through London, and the visit of the King and Qneca to the city, has been proclaimed a bank holi-' Say in London. * - : . •; Queen Alexandra, who has been on a visit to the Danish royal family, has started from; Copenhagen on her homeward journey. F. C. V.. Lane, the Sydney swimmer, won the 12tt yards event at Salford yesterday, his rime being I min. 14 4/dsecs. ' The quantity of wheat afloat for the United .Kingdom is 2,14Q.pt'0 bushels, and for the continent of Europe 1.900.0)0 bushels. The Bight Hon. W. St.. John Brodrick (Secretary for War J threatens to take legal proceedings if theatrical managers persist in refusing to recognise soldiers' uniforms :ls equivalent to evening dress in any part or-n theatre.' • • The'Boer generals Botha, De Wet, and Delarej. who lately visited Berlin, are now at the Hague, the capital of Holland. The vNaty Bill, which provides for an annual. contribution hv .Cape Cottrar or £50,000 to the Imperial Navy, has passed its third readiqg in the House of Assembly. MrlPercival Spencer,' the well known aeronaut.'has made another successful voyage in his airship. He travelled from Blackpool, on the Lancashire coast, to Preston, although a high wind was blowing at the time. During the first half-year of the operation of tkeii'ew'duties—that is, up to September 30—fh^ duty, on corn produced £1,IS3,337; on sug^,.;£l.99i,S52;"'and the export duty on cod, )£9C3,36o. ► Trafalgar Day was celebrated at London and Portsmouth in. the-..usual, way to- day. Nelson's column, in Trafalgar "square, wa? decorated J; - . . 