LOCAL AND GENERAL ITEMS. Oor Sdi'1'I.ement. — The supplement to this evening's issue contains : Poetry, ' The Talisman' ; continuation of the absorbing love tide, ' The Lost Lady' ; News by the English Mail ; Hunter River Agricultural and Horticultural Association ; Water Supply and Sewerage Uoiird ; Our Muswellbrook Letter; Newcastle News; Miscellaneous Articles; Advertisements, etc. ' A Disgusted Eatepater.' — We sympathise with the annoyance of our correspondent, but think there will be more virtue in a formal and prompt com plaint to tho Council — addressed to the Council Clerk,— than in our publication of the letter. If the suggested means of remedy tails, our correspondent had better address us again. The Tramway Proposal Meeting.— Intimation is given elsewhere that the meeting called for this evening, with reference to the establishment of a train service in West Maitland, has been postponed to a later date. The reason of the postponement is that tbo promoters desire to extend fcbe scope of the movement and to complete preliminary arrange ments. Accident. — A young man p.amod George Rowley was bumped by a skip loaded with rails at Stanford Merthyr colliery, on Saturday. Ho received an injury to his leg; and came into the hospital. The le^ was dressed, but the injury was not serious, and Rowley did not stay at the institution. The Taxpayers' Association. — The proposal fo a new political union which has been, mado in Sydnep can scarcely, says the Melbourne, Argus of Friday be considered untimely. The foundation principle, ' that the necessities of all the producers and tax payers require economy of - government,' is ono that will scarcely be disputed by thought ful men. It is pretty sure to bo forcibly brought homo to the 'consciousness of ratepayers as time rolls on. All the State Governments seem inclined to spend froelyand to borrow largely, and their only way of meeting obligations will bo to tax land and income. People with land and with incomes are directly, concerned with increased imposts in the first plrice, but as a matter of foot, the casual day labourer is speedily equally1 affected. Not even a tramp but is worse off if the prosperity of the country is retarded by rash legislation and unwise administration. At this juncture all that need be miid is that, if the union is to be formed, the work- should be done well. Energy and determina tion will be needed, not merely on the part of the leaders, but also . of those who may favour the idea. Lulewarmness has killed more than one promising association in the past. The Pboduotion op. 'Ingomar' at Jeswtond IIonsK, Newcastle.— Last evening waB given in the grounds of Jesmond House, Newcastle, the beautiful residence Of Mr. J. A. 'Wood, the poetic play ' Ingomar.' The performance, which is to be repeated to-night and to-morrow,, was arranged in aid o£ tho Christ-phurch Cathedral fund, and tho attendance last - night was satisfactory, but hardly so large,' as, -, was ! expected.: The remaining two presentations .?.-. of the play ?-, will, it is hoped attract larger audiences, especially as in one of them Mrs. Wood (Miss Mssio Jenyns) will appear as Parthenia. That part was taken last night by MiBS Sophy Lashinoro, who had been trained under Mrs. Wood, and acquitted herself well. The dresses used in the play had been procured from England ; the BCenery, had been specially painted for the occasion ; and no expense and trouble were spared to make the performance a theatrical success. It was that, and -should be a financial success also. Tha Bishop of Newcastle with Mrs. and Miss Lart, were among the visitors last night. ' The Agricultural Gazttcttk.' — The Gazette for December contains among other interesting papers an illustrated ' history of a grain of wheat' by F. B. Guthrie, Some Australian Food-adjuncts by ,T. H. Maiden, Brief Hints to Dairy Farmers by M. A. O'Callaghan, Bots in Sheep by J. D. Stewart, Tho Strawberry by W. J. Allen, Our Saddlo Horses by Alex. Bruce, etc. A Moonlight Concert in St. Paul's Grounds. — Elsewhere is printed tbo programme for sin open air concert to be given to-morrow evening in tho grounds of St. Paul's Church, West Maitlaud, in aid of tho organ fund. Tho concert will consist of instrumental and vocal music, nicely varied, and tiic renderings of an export Male Voice Party will bo especially attractive. A pleasant entertainment is promised in picturesquo surroundings, and under the illumination of a good moon. South African Casualties. — The following despatch has been received by the Lioufccmint Governor from the Chief Casualty Oflicer, Capetown : — ' H. H, M'Gregor, Third New South Wales Mounted Infantry, was discharged from hospital for duty at Moemfontein on Decombcr 31. 500, A. Smith, Second New South Wales Mounted Infantry, has been discharged from hospital, and is now at the detail camp at Standerton. Daugorously ill : Third Ntw South Wales Mounted Infantry, llcil l-ron, January 12, 3109, Sorgennt-Major George Henry Jauieb Clark, pneumonia; 170-1-, Pereival Thomns Haves, enteric.' Ikeiikikty. — At the West Maitland police court this] morning, before Mr. Goorgo Maher, three old offenders against sobriety woro dealt with. In one case, that of a female, a fine of Gs, with the option of tweuty-four hours' hard labour iu Maitlaud Gaol, was inflicted, whilst two males woro fined 5s, with tho alternative of twenty-four hours hard labour, and 10s, or seven days' hard labour, respectively. Not having the means to pay the fine, tho accused doeidod to take it out. London Meat Market. — Tho Colonial Consign ment aud Distributing Company report on Dec. 18 : Australian Mutton. — Receipts have boon G.77O car ouses bringing tho total since January 1st to 772,298, an increase over last year of 105,081. ? The bulk of the st.'ilo long-stored mutton seems now to havo j;ono into consumption ; some aro still Been on the lunrket but in limited numbers only, and quality and con dition of tho sheep so fur marketed ex recent arrivals lire good, but the quantities of other mutton offering prevented any grout rise in values; sales have boon nmrleat2,Ul to2Jidlb. Australian Lambs — 10,402 havo arrived, since January 1st .'S8(),(i8ii an excess ovor last year of 75,1 11. The earliest parcels of tho season were of rather indifferent ijiinlity, nnd values ruled low accordingly, frcm X\d to 3i|d per lb., but with better class lambs coming to hnnd pricos havo im proved, and for tho best 4Jd per lb. has been obtained, plainer and heavier .'d to id per lb. loss. Frozen Beef : From New Zealand K2138 qrs., from Australia 31,873 qrs., and from River Plato 31,100 qrs. have been received. Totals since January 1st show a decrease of 41,007 quar fcorf. Now Zealand, and 115,571 quarters Aus:. tnihan, and im increase of 201,881 River Plato, making a total iucruaso of '15,21(3 quartern over last year to same ditto. There is a somewhat improved demand for tho better class New Zoaland boef ; more is going into consumption, and thin week values si-oin inclined to harden nud recover tho drop of id and .lu per lb. that commenced u toiTuight ago. Hind quarters have miido 4d and fores 2:'| el per lb. Itiver Plato hind quarters havo Bold nt 3jd to 3jd per Ib., Bomo of plain indifferent quality at 2jd per ib., fore quarters at 25d to 2jd lb. Australian beof is to a great extent neglected ; so much of it is plain, lucking condition, aud unuttrnctivo in appearauco that buyers tako the hotter finished Plate beef at higher prices iu preference. Hinds are worth 2.?d to 3d por lb and fores' 2]d to 2Jd per lb. East Maitland Police Couiit. — At the above court yostorduy afternoon, boforo Messrs. G.F. Scott, P.M., and P. Bourko, J.P., Mary Muddison, from Wallsond, who had boon under medical treatment, was ordered to bo sent to GladcsTillo. John Farrell was charged, at tho instance of Eric Noilsen (an apprentice in Farroll'somploy), with assaulting com plainant. Mr. W. T. Lindsay, instructed by b'euior Sorgeant M'Clelland, appwircd for complainant, and Mr. J. R. Carlton for defendant, who pleaded not guilty. After heariug tho ovidonco, the Bench dis: missed tho caso, and ordered complainant to puy 21b professional coats. A Question of Si-kllinu. — Wo understand that; in somu quarters exception is taken to tho form in which the phniBO of tho ' Britaina' appears in tho how [mpoiial coinage. Tho Latin word used on the coins isahbreviatod to ' Britt.,'from ' Bntauaiarum,' of tho Britaius ; and it is by somo iiSHiunad therefore that tho spelling of Britanniaruin with twott's is aucgoatod. But that is not so at all ; tho propor spelling of Britannia and of its genitivo plural Is1 with one t. In tho abbreviation tho t is added in uecordanco with tliy convention whioh f or oxprassing thy plural doubles the lai)fc or only consonant of nu' abbreviation. Thus MSS. in , read manuscripts, LL.D., docKor of, laws, pp. . page's, and so on. In ' oinpliauoo with' tlito rulo''Britt.' is rend BtitnuJ niuruui, of the Britaius , i , ? R&ilway; Changes. — Mr. T. Carroll, porter at I West Maitland, lias be^n appointed night oilicer at Br.'inxtou : Mr. Adrian .Smith, from West Jlnifc- j laud, htis gone to Dora Creek as clerk iu ! charge; Mr. C. Gilbert is now assistant goods clerk at West Maitlund (tho result of pass ing a clerical examination in Sydney four months ago) ; and Mr. John SutcliiVe, formerly night oilicer at West Maitlaud, has gone to Mcdlow (on tbe Western line), as officer in charge. The olliee of the lafct named is now filled :it West Maitlund by Mr W. Carpenter, of ilexhuua. . East Maitland Si'oets. — The following fourteen fire brigade have entered for the East Maitland t-ports on Monday next : — East Maitlund, Newcastle West, .Stockton, Adamstown, Waratah, Wickhani, Newcastle (Ctntral), Islington, Hamilton, Wullsend, New Lambtoa, Minmi, Tighe's Hill, and Mere wether. ? Crkdjtable Passes at tite Technical Collegk Exams. — In the recent examinations conducted in connection with Technical College, training classes, we note that Culbert J. Pender, sen of Mr. J. W. Ponder, the weil-known architect of this town, has passed with cousiderable merit in more than one division. In Mechanical Drawing, third year (machine design) Mr. Pender succeeded in obtaining a first grade certificate at the West Maitland College, his comrade, and fellow employe John K. Pike, gaining Becond grade. Mr. Pender, who also underwent a course of instructions at the Newcastle College, was successful in obtaining honours in connection with that institution in Applied Mechanics' (second year), John B. Pike being awarded a first grado pass. In the Steam and Steivm Engine division both pupils passed with much dis tinction, gaining second year honours. Both Mr. Pender and Mr. Pike obtained their experience at Mr. Sim's foundry and ironworks, Morpeth, and are to be heartily complimented upon the excellent, manner in which they acquitted themselves. A word of congratulation is also due to Mr. J. W. Pendor on the success achieved by his son. Tjik Dispute at ? STANionD-MEBTHjn. — After remaining idle for about ten days, operations at the Stanford -Mortbyr colliery havo been resumed.' The men were not satisfied with the mode of obtaining the coal as desirod by the management, and accord ingly showed their disapproval by laying down then tools. But the question at dispute has been satis factorily settled, and the men have returned to work under tho same conditions as originally prevailed. The wrecking of the yacht Ariadne on Wajtaki Beach, on the night of Sunday, March 24, 1901 again came before the Court, Christchurch, yesterday when' the trial was begun of the three men concerned,, viz,,/ Thomas Car&doc; Kerry (owner of the yacht), George' Mumford (tho captain), and EricFreke (seaman), on a charge of conspiring to wreck the vessel, and to do fraud the underwriters. The accused all pleaded not guilty. Mr. Philip Joseph Holdsworfcb, who for many years was a well-known figure in tho literary life of New South- Wales, died suddenly to Sunday night at Woollahra. Mr. Holdsworth was a Sydney native, having been born hero on January 12, 1850. In 18R8 he entered the Civil Service of the colony as a Treasury official, and subsequently became secretary to tho Forosb Department ot Now South Wales, Mr. Robert Buist, proprietor of -the Warialda Standard, died suddenly laBt Friday night. Mrs. Huist and family had been spending a holiday in Sydney, and the lady left for home by train on Friday evening quite unaware of her husband's decease. Mr. Buist was well- known in the Northern district, and was at one time employed at West Maitland. Ho was 57 years of age at the time ot his death. A railway stationmastor, employed at ono of tho Illuwarra suburbs, had an exciting experience early yesterday morning. Tie sleeps at the station, and, hearing someone moving stealthily about the place, ho got up. Arming himBelf with his six-chambered revolver, he sullied out upon a reconnaissance. Sure enough, when he got outside, he saw a dark figure moving cautiously about the building. After a ?while the two approached, and challenged each other, when it transpired that the other was the local con stable, who, also fully armed, was looking for a supposed station-breaker. Each had been watching the other. The amount received last weak for 6tauip duty in in respect of probate and letters of administration was .£13,534 17s 5d of which amount the estato of the lafco Mr. Alexander M'Intosh, merchant aud grazier, of Moroe, was responsible for £8897 17s 2d. and tho New South Wales estate of the lato Mr. Edward Keep, of the firm of Edward Keep aud Company, hardware merchant and wholesale irou mougcrs, of 377 Lonsdale-street, Melbourne, for .C12I12 Bs lOd. Mrs. George Lindsay, formerly of the Crystal Palace Hotel, Newcastlo, fell down tho companion ladder whilo on a voyage to Now Zealand recently, and sustained concussion of tho brain. She is in the Wellington Hospital, and has not yet regained con sciousness. Mr. Lindsay has proceeded to Now Zealand. . »' A sad drowning fatality occurred in the river at Lismoro ou Friday afternoon, when a )ad, aged 12, Nial Sullivan, seeoud son of Mr, A. M. Sullivan, lost his life. The lad, who was a good swimmer, was bathing with a companion, and took a dive and disappeared. ' There aro very destructive bush fires in fcho Kyne ton district (Vic), thousands of acres of grass and miiuy hay stacks and buildings being destroyed. A young quariyman named M'Quet-n, while work in', was run over on the ruilwayut Melbourne on Saturday, his head being cut clean off. The Kailway Department has received information that a train ran over h man afc Willowburn, near Toowoomba (Q.), cutting him to pieces. The man ap peared to bo hiding, and suddouly jumped in front of the passenger train. Ho is believed to have been an escaped lunatic from the Toowoomba Asylura. The Victorian Minister for Agriculturo has ap pointed Jh\ S. Williamson Wallace, F.E.P.S., of Dumfriesshire (Scotland), to the position of Director of Agriculture at X1000 a year. Mr. Wiillaco is a brother of Mr. Kobert Wallace, professor of agricul ture and rural ecouomy at Edinburgh University. Tlio pilots who helped to bring the Port Patrick in to llobsou's liny, huvo put in a claim for a share of the salvage. Legal proceedings aro probable. A disastrous fire occurred at Ke,era on Sunday night, when the grain and produce store attached to the station was burnt down, damage to tho extent of about .£300 being done. Tho store at tliii timo of its destruction contaiued about eight tons of flour and largo quantities of corn, sugar, rice, and other stores. With tho aid of tho station bauds the flames wore prevented from spreading to the quarters and store keepers' room, which wero situated onlyn few feet away. Tho cause of the outbreak is unknown, Miss Gregory, Bit yeava of ago, a music teacher, living alonu on the Marino Parade, St. Kilda, arrived (it thoSfc. Kildft polioo station early on Sunday morn ing in u condition suggesting a severe struggle. She reported thntat 11 o'clock on tho previous night she wiib attacked by a man who called under the pre text of delivering a message. She struggled with him for a long timo, during which tho woman was dragged about, and ultimately tho man ran away. Hot' .screams were heard by a neighbour 300 yards nwny. In the Btrugglo her fuco was bitten and Bomtehcd, aud hor clothing was almost, torn in ribbons. When tho mau loft she armed herself with an ii,xo, and waited till daylight, when she presented hersolf at tho house of n neighbour, who advised her to report tho matter to tho police. A medical examination disclosed that sbo had beou subjected to shocking treatment, and an attempted assault of a serious nature The Premier of New Zealand (Mr. ]{.. Seddon) bus addressed a circular to members of Parliament to the euect tliat Iuh Majosty s ttovornmont has, by cable, just informed tho New /oalaud Government that another contingent of 1000 men would gladly bo accepted onthesamotormsas tho Eighth Contingent without expense to tho colony. Mr. Seddon adds that it will, no doubt, bo apparent that this further Empiro call would not be mado uuloss tho men were required. A cable was rocently received in Urisbano from tho High Commissioner of South Africa inquiring at what; prico young breeding cattlo could be supplied from .Queensland. Tho Govorameut replied that cnttlo could ho secured at .C3 103 a head in tho north and from X3 10s to M in tho south. Since tho pub lication of this information ft vory great number of offers have been placed with tho Stock Department, nnd instead of pricos stated tho amounts asked run down to £2 10s for what ahouliT bo miitublq cattlo. In ono instanco 3000 head have beon offered at thin prico, nnd odors of hoifoni have also C01116 from sta tions with good, horda in the Kockhampton- district, tlio saino amount? being asked. Tho Chief Inspector states that thoro Trill, bo no ditOculty In securing double ihu'numbor 'quoted in the taiogrunii but, so far^ iio orders have come from tlia Capo, With reference to the arrest of lloberfc Hawkins for the murder of his wife at Benliba, near Mary borough, ou December -r, the police h:ivc' ,'ileO ascer tained that the life of Mrs. Hawkins was insured for .£501,), of which one year's premium had been paid. The post-mortem showed that tho theory of the iieeid'-'nt wus quite inconsistent with the appearance o£ the body. There was a gunshot wound on the thumb which tho police suppose was caused by the deceased putting her hand over her face to shut out the eight of the weapon which was Xiointiiifi ut her. The two wounds jvere quite dis tinct, and both barrels must have been discharged separately at close quarters, apparently by someone who was taller than deceased, as both charges had a downward course. Yesterday 1 7 men wero enrolled in Sydney for the FederalContingent. The Victorian railway receipts for tho expired por tion of the present financial year show an increase nf x-q± nnn The Governor-General, after a visit to Western Australia., returned 'to Melbourne yesterday. The Stock and Share Market was in a lifeless con. dition yesterday, with scarcely any movement in prices. The Mining Market was very quiet, and prices showed but little fluctuation, with a weaker tendency in some instances. Business was restricted in the Import Market, in which there is a generally unsettled feeling. Three- suspected cases of bubonic plague have occurred in a block of houses in Now South Head road,; SuEbcutter Bay. Tne housos havo been thoroughly disinfected, and the patients have been removed to the Coast Hospital. Mr. Oliver, the F.ederol Capital Commissioner, is at Arniidale prosecuting his inquiries. At Prahran (V.) Court yesterday a man was fined J63G 103, with costs, in default three months' im prisonment, for occupying a house declared to be unfit for human habitation. - A. murder took place at Mackay (Q.) on Saturday. It appears that a Polynosian named1 Goriongi, from Malayta Island, stabbed . another Malaytii man named Tolimalau, owing, it is alleged, to Toliumlau having paid attention to Goriohgi's wife, causing jealousy. Tblimalou died from the wounds -vhile being taken to the hospital. ?;? Goriongi was arrested nn Rni-nr/^AW tlinfUf. nn n n\\\ni*crii np mnv/lftr The largest rocking stone known is that of, Tan dil, near Buenos Ayrea, in the Argentine. Ib weighs about 700,0001bs., and has been rocking for cen tnriea. Its pendulous movement, however, is so slow as to-be imperceptible to the eye, but, if a bottle be placed under it, near tho point of enpport, the ponderous mass Boon crushes it. The rocking is sup posed to be due to the unequal heating of the stone by the sun, causing unequal expansion of tho differ ent parts. This ' Piedra enobediza,' as the natives call it, is one of the greatest; curiosities of the Argentine Republic. Invitations to members of tho Privy Council to attend the Coronation will be issued to those who express a desire to bu present. The Parliamentary visitors from Victoria were* yesterday! entertained at billiards, bowls and tennis matches. Here is a story of Lord Beaconsfield, which ho delighted to tell himself:— 'I have (he said) the honour to be one of tho Elder Brothers of Trinity House. Well, there is a special uniform belonging to that office. One day I was about to utcond a Iov6e at St. James's Palace, and niy vnlet laid out my dinlninn.f-.io uniform ronrlv'Fni' Minfn nnfcnn. Piifcfcin**1 implicit confidence in him, I put it on and went to tbo levee. On appearing before the Prince and making my bow his Royal Highness jocularly remarked, ? It won't do if you are found out.' ' In what, sir ?' I inquired. ' Oh/ said the Prince, ' you have , Rot' tho wrong trousers on,' and to' my horror, on looking down I found that I hod got the diplomatic uniform coat on with tho Trinity House trousers.' The incident is .said to have amused the then. Prince of Wales immensely. . Most of fcho Chinese who wore quarantined in con sequence of tlio outbreak of smallpox on the Eastern will be released this week. Yesterday in Melbourne 40 hawkers, wero iincd various amounts for obstructing the carriage-way with barrows. . V -.'..'.. The value of tho collection of church joweUery loft by tho lato Baron Adolphe do RothBchild to the Louvro has been officially declared to be 3,392,250 francs. Tho Baroness do Rothschild has added to the collection a splendid reliquary of tho fifteenth century anil a crucifix of gold, beautifully engraved and ornamented with figures and bus reliefs, pre sumably a part of the treasures of tho ancient Abbey of St. Denis. » In reference to the Commonwealth and Stato laws restricting undesirable immigration, Mr. Barton is of opinion that, according to the 92nd section of tho Constitution Act, the movements of persons between the States must bo unfettered. Tho Danish barque Alexandra ir. almost a certain ?wreck 20 wiles f roin Westport (N.2.). The Eighth New Zealand Contingent will not leave for South Africa till the 28th inst. A man named Thos. Allingham, alias Ryan, aged 37 years, was killed in a fight with another man iu Flindors-streot, Townsville, yesterday. It is alleged that decensed was intoxicated and provoked the other man. After a few minutes' encounter Alling ham got a hard blow under his jaw, and dropped heavily on the footpath. He expired soon after. The other man gave himself up to tho police. He will be charged with manslaughter. -,, A terrible accident occurred at Rooney's Mills, JRoss River, Townsville, yesterday, John Kaftrey, aged 10 years, was engaged repairing a belt beside cho main shaft under the mill, nnd hy some moans the belt caugh.t on the shaft. Ho.was carried right over the shaft. His left arm was torn completely off near .the shoulder. He then dropped to . the ground and his skull was fractured as was also ono of his logs. His body was also badly bruised. Vory little hopes aru entertained of hiB recovery. 