NEWS AND NOTES. Snow referendum coming. Many cases of typhoid at Port Augusta. Subscriptions to Herald for 1902 now due. Familiarity with a judge breeds contempt of court. Subscribers to Herald, kindly remit amounts owing. Ratepayers, be prepared for the Snow Grab referendum. The Register again branding trades unionists as loafers. Commissioner of Railways off for an eight months' holiday. Federal House of Representatives meets on Tuesday next. What a triumph for democracy will be the beating of Snow at the referendum. Unley Council recommends ratepayers to vote " NO " on the Snow referendum. Albany shipowners want to compel the strikers to join a union of their formation. Minimum wage for Sydney boot clickers fixed at £2 2s. for a week of 48 hours. As beer has deteriorated in quality in South Australia drunkenness has increased. Shipowners at Albany refuse to reinstate their former employees in a body on any terms. Male wardsmen to look after delirium tremens patients at the Adelaide Hospital badly needed. Murray Bridge Branch, Railway Service Association, donates £2 to the Hourigan Fund. The official cost of the South African war to end of March last, £173,676,000. Who's to pay it ? It is now illegal in England to issue a "black-list" of free laborers or non- unionist employers. Current in well-informed political circles that Mr. John Darling, M.P., will not seek re-election. At one time the breweries supplied a 21 lb. to 25 lb. beer to the public ; now 13 lb. is considered good enough. Estimated population of West Australia on December 31, 1901, 194,853. An increase of 15,145 on previous year. South Australian beer compares unfavorably as to quality with beer supplied in every other country in the world. There are 45,753 Chinese and 10,151 Japanese in the State of California, according to returns made by the Census Bureau. A shipment of kanakas arrived at Bundaberg, Queensland, last week. The white worker still looks for work—and finds it not. Narracoorte visited by a tribe of Greek gipsies. Police ordered them on. Would have been better to have ordered them back. Vorwaerts, the German Labor daily paper, estimates the number of unemployed in Berlin at between 50,000 and 60,000. Hughenden (Queensland) shop assistants have secured the Saturday half-holiday. The poll was demanded by two shopkeepers. Blow the horn of trades unionism upon every possible occasion. Get the other fellow in line. Every recruit makes your own pathway the rosier. President Thrower thinks that of the 60 and odd Sydney unions over 50 will register under the provisions of the Industrial Arbitration Act. Labor is capital. Labor has the same right to protect itself by trades unions, etc., as any other capital might claim for itself.—Cardinal Manning. The picketing of the works or places of business of an employer in Great Britain for the purpose of even peaceably persuading people not to work for him is an actionable wrong. For British union officials to threaten an employer that they will withdraw union men from his works unless he discharges certain non-union men is an actionable wrong. Brisbane Trades Hall Board reports satisfactory progress was made during the year in wiping off the debt on the building. The original debt was £2,500. It has been reduced to £1,500.—Worker. In 1871 only one trade union (compositors) existed in Denmark. In 1899 the number of Danish trade unions was 1,195, and their total membership 96,295 (89,052 males and 7,243 females). Anthony Hordern has broken faith with the Sydney tailoresses by refusing to take on 15 of the girl strikers. The executive of the Sydney Labor Council will beard Hordern in his den and ask his reasons. It is well known that vile and loathsome buildings, probably the property of some opulent landowner, yield from the misery of their inmates a far larger rent than the plots on which the most luxurious and convenient mansions are built. Dives is clothed in purple and fine linen and fares sumptuously every day from the crumbs which he sweeps out of the wallet of Lazarus.—Professor Theodore Rogers. Several thousands of men on strike in Barcelona, Spain, met on Saturday last and stoned the factories closed against them. Commonwealth tariff returns for first quarter :—October, £842,000 ; November, £760,300 ; December, £640,000. Total, £2,242,300. Sydney wharf laborers asking for an increase of 3d. per hour in their wages. Matter will probably be submitted to the Arbitration Court. "Now Johnny," said the teacher to a small pupil in the grammar class, "you may compare the word ' sick.' " Johnny hesitated for a moment, then blurted out, "Sick, sicker, dead." How's this for municipal enterprise ? Hull tramways show a net profit of £28,000 for a year's operations, and Leicester Municipal Gasworks show a profit for the same period of £30,000. I rejoice at every effort workingmen make to organise. I hail the Labor movement. It is my only hope for democracy. Organise and stand together. Let the nation hear a united demand from the laboring voice.—Wendell Phillips. Brisbane Municipal Council squabbles over paying up for its share of the Duke and Duchess and Imperial troops shivoo. "Let us go to the Government," suggested an Alderman. " You might as well go to the blind institution," answered the Mayor. A registered British trade union is now, according to the judgment of the House of Lords, a legal entity which can be sued in its registered name and mulcted in its collective funds for wrongs committed by its officers if acting within the scope of their authority. If you are a union man it is one of your duties to see that all belonging to you are daily imbued with the spirit of true unionism. Teach them to buy goods made by union labor, and you have done a lot to win the battle in which we are all striving for victory. An ex-stoker in a power-house of Bridgeport, Conn., United States, a union man, was put up as a candidate for mayor of that city as a joke. The unions failed to see the joke, and voted for him, with the result that he is mayor- elect of Bridgeport. It's not a joking matter to fool with unions after all. "New South Wales Minister for Works," says the Brisbane Worker "intends separating the casual labor from the ordinary labor of the department. A branch of the Government Labor Bureau will accordingly be established at the Trades Hall, Sydney, where union men out of work may register their names for employment." There's a lesson in this for Minister of Industry Brooker. At a recent meeting of the Sydney Boot Clickers' Union, President W. Mugglestone read the statement of wages and conditions of labor agreed to in conference between representatives of boot manufacturers of New South Wales and the Clickers' Association. Three employers and three employees have been appointed a referee board to deal with any matters which might be brought before the Arbitration Court.— Worker. "Men have an equal right to work or to bread, and that relief should be given to men in their own homes. The obligation to feed the hungry springs from the right of every man to life and to the food necessary to the sustenance of life. So strong is this natural right that it prevails over all the positive laws of property. Necessity has no law, and a starving man has a natural right to his neighbor's bread."—Cardinal Manning. " The landlord skins the tenant; the tenant skins the land, and you all grow poor together. . . Instead of the cattle on a thousand hills, you now chase the stump-tailed steer through the ledge barrens to get a tough beefsteak for breakfast." Thus plain-spoken old Gov. Henry A. Wise lectured his Virginians fifty years ago. If the old gentleman had lived to these times, he would have seen the skinning process extended in other directions, until even the stump- tailed steer and the tough beefsteak would be thankfully received. Rumored that a young prospective son-in-law of a wealthy Legislative Councillor is to receive an important Hospital appointment. Ballarat police refuse to flog two lads sentenced to a birching for ill- treating a Chow. The public flagellator is to be requisitioned from Melbourne. President Roosevelt shook hands with 80,000 persons on New Year's Day. Must have more go in him than his countryman, Premier Jenkins, of this State. " How did you come to be a professional beggar?" "I ain't no professional beggar. I'm employed to git up statistics on how many heartless people there are in this town." Mr. Dixson, M.P., said to be a doubtful starter for the general election stakes. There's not enough patriotism in the successful commercial man to spare a few hours from money-making in the interests of his country. The Register says Sir Hiram Maxim said " he had employed a German operative who could easily do sixteen and a quarter times more work than the British unionist in a day." Maxim is as great a destroyer of truth as his gun is of life. Two thousand quarry men locked out of Lord Penryhn's slate quarries, Carnarvonshire, England, resenting the arrival of the military to keep them in order. On Saturday last they made things rather warm for the military and non- unionists. Chief Inspector of Factories Bannigan had his Lewis freewheel bike "shook" on Saturday night. Wonder if this is part of another deep-laid scheme to defeat the objects of the Factories Act ? Manufacturers put Von Doussa and Brookman up to wreck the Wages Boards. Villiers, the war correspondent, at home—" Anybody seeking a pleasant holiday should choose any part of the habitable globe rather than venture to Australia." Villiers, when in Perth, W.A.—" He had been all over the world, and now he had come to Perth he was so charmed with the city, its people, and lovely surroundings that he would like to end his days there." Our Knight of the Beer Cask, Sir Edwin, coquetting with the electors. First he said he would not seek reelection ; he was going 'Ome. Then, when a few friends interviewed him, he promised to reconsider his decision. And, with tears in his eyes, said he was prepared to sacrifice himself on the Altar of Duty—to beat those d— Labor fellows ; or words to that effect. The greatest banquet in history took place on August 18, 1899, when the 40,000 Mayors of France sat at table in the Palais de l'lndustrie in Paris. There were three relays of about 13,000 guests each. To prepare the feast required 76 chief cooks, 1,300 waiters, scullions, cellarmen, and helpers, 80,000 plates, 62,000 glasses, knives, forks, spoons in proportion, 40,000 rolls, and fish, meat, and fowl by the ton. The banquet was part of the centenary celebration of the events of 1789. Bundaberg (Queensland) finds the Hindoo a cheaper wage slave than the walk- about kanaka. The white man is out of the running. Last year the kanaka was readily snapped up at 15s. a week and tucker. He has been squeezed out by the new arrival and the Hindoo. The latter are now ringbarking, pulling corn, stumping, and doing all kinds of white man's work, at from 8s. to 10s. per week and find themselves. Competition is impossible at such a wage, even to Tommy Tanna, and to a white man it would be death by starvation. Representative Andy Fisher (Q.), who is about to marry a Gympie (Queensland) lassie, seems to have hit on a good time. The Labor Party gave him a travelling bag and dressing case, the Opposition gave him a silver salver and a tea and coffee service, the Ministerialists gave him a case of cutlery, and Sir Malcolm MacEacharn, for himself and wife, gave a dressing case to his betrothed. All this not only because Fisher is a decent chap but because he is the first batchelor member of the Federal Parliament to enter into the bonds of matrimony. Another Rougemont having a " loan " of the London Times. This liar, writing on trades unions, says unionists are combined for the purpose of doing as little work as possible. In 1896 there were 1896 convictions for drunkenness. A drinkable beer was then supplied the people. In 1900 there were 2,184 " drunks " dealt with—increase the result of "alcohol and water " instead of beer. E. F. Wilksch, the Massey-Harris rider, in spite of his having ridden in the Austral secured a well-merited third in the five miles International scratch. Wilksch's luck seems to have been out for the Austral Wheel Race. " No city in the world can compete with London, in the beauty, quantity, and wealth of the gold and silver plate belonging to its corporation." Nor would any savage centre of life be able to compete with it in the matter of the abject misery of a large proportion of its inhabitants. Another Time's Pigott says the British bricklayer only lays 400 bricks a day upon ordinary work as compared with 1,000 laid 70 years ago; and that the " unwritten law now in force declares that a bricklayer engaged even on ordinary work must go easy, and not lay more than 400 in a day." The union officials have thrown the lie back in the teeth of this direct descendant of Ananias. Mr. A. E. Smyth, Sydney's 17 stone crack amateur pace follower, established new Australasian amateur paced flying start records on the 17th inst. at the Sydney Cricket Ground. Mr. Smyth was paced by the Massey-Harris motor pacer and rode his Massey-Harris racer geared to 120 inches. The ¾ mile was negotiated in 1 minute 17 seconds, and the mile in 1 minute 43 3-5th seconds. These figures are considerably under previous records. The list of Acts passed up to the date of adjournment by the Commonwealth Parliament is as follows :—Acts Interpretation Act, Immigration Restriction Act, Pacific Islands Laborers Act, Audit Act, Customs Act, Act to Grant Supply, £492,882, Act to Grant Supply, £1,010,732, Act to Grant Supply £928,322, Act to Grant Supply £410,767, State Laws and Records Recognition Act, Beer Excise Act, Service and Execution of Process Act, Post and Telegraph Act, Distillation Act, Property Acquisition Act, Excise Act, Punishment of Offences Act. The Dorr City (Mich.) Times philoso phizes after this fashion :—" Esquire Hoskins says some people he knows are just like his old cow, when they get near a new idea. He explains that he rubbed some kerosiue in a calf's hide for its health, and then turned it back to its mother. When Mrs. Cow smelled the kerosine she backed away and started on a run around the tield, the calf blatting after her. The whole herd joined the chase in a panic, and never quit running until worn out. The squire says it is dangerous to bring a new thing near some critters." A gentleman visiting a friend was shown a fine apple inside of a narrow necked bottle, and was greatly puzzled to know how it got there. It was impossible to take it out without breaking the bottle. Presently his friend took him into the orchard and showed him a bottle fixed to a tree in such a way that a long shoot with an embryo apple was growing inside of it. "There's the secret," said the friend. '' You can't get the grown apple in, but you can make the small apple grow inside, and grown there, it will never be got out without smashing some thing." This principle (says Barrier Truth) applies to our propaganda work. We can't always get the grown man into the movement, but, if the child grows up in it, when he is a man something will have to go to smash before he leaves it. 