CENEKAL INFORMATION. Each person in the civilised world consumes an average of 80 lbs. of meat yearly. It is estimated that the death-rate of the world is 67 a minute, and the birth rate 70 a minute. The population of Zulu! and is a bout 150.000 ol' whom only 500 are Europeans. Reed pens, split at the ends like quill pens, have been found in Egyp tian tombs, dating probably 250Q B. C. A sugar company in Hawaii ex pects to produce an average of five tons of sugar per acre for its whole property of 4,600 acres. The world's ships carry 180,000, O00 tons of merchandise a year, and of this one-quarter by weight is coal and one-tenth wheat. Tn Hungary, a black cloud sudden ly obscured the sky, and a shower of greenish, opalescent -insects began to descend, covering the ground to a depth of a foot. Chinese immigration to Australia has almost entirely ceased. Mast j ers of ves⪕ are forbidden under a heavy penalty, to bring more than one Chinaman to every 300 tons. Danish railwaj's are now being supplied with Canadian coal by the Dominion Coal Company, which has secured contracts in Europe for th« supply of 50,000 tons of fuel. All the descendants of Brigham Young, the founder of Mormanism, are to meet at Salt Lake City, Utah They will include- 47 children, 294 grandchildren, and 745 greatgrand children. In the schools of Japan the Eng lish language is required to be tau ght by law. The Japanese youth in the open ports and commercial cit ies are all eager to learn English as a passport to wealth, position, and employment. Some of the wooden churches of Norway are fully 700 years old, and are still in an excellent state of pre servation. Their timbers have suc cessfully resisted the frosty and al most Arctic winters because they have been repeatedly coated with tar Gigantic water power develop ments are projected in the Alps. There are now in the French Alps 48 factories supplied by, 250,000 horse-power, electrically generated. Engineers estimate that 3,000,000 horse- power is now running to wasta in the Alps. At Buda-Pesth the wooden pave ments of a whole street has just been stolen in broad daylight and in view of the police. The thief ap peared in the forenoon with a gang of labourers, whom he ordered to pull up the pavement, which he sold forthwith, promptly decamping with, the proceeds. The two oldest secret trade proces ses now in existence are said to be the manufacture of Chinese red, or. vermilion, and the method of inlay ing the hardest steel with gold and silver, which seems to have ' been practiced at Damascus ages ago, and is known only to the Syrian smiths and their pupils even to this day. At 5 years of age boys are gener ally taller than girls ; but the girls appear to equal them at the eleventh year, after which the boys rise a. gain above the girls for two years. At about twelve years the girls sud denly become taller than the boys, continuing until the fifteenth year, when the boys regain their super iority in stature. 