I Latest Cablegrams. \ ? *- i LONDON, Thursday. Colonel Hay. United Stales Secretary of State, in a circular addressed to the Am- bassadors at Washington, emphasises the peril 01 the immigration of a horde oi paupers into America. Colonel Hay also, on humanitarian grounds, urges thc sig oatorios of thc Berlin treaty to compel the Government of Roumunin to ameliorate the condition of the Roumanian Jews. President Roosevelt is determined not to attempt any revision of the tariff in the coming session of Congress, lie perseveres in his attitude regarding the control of trusts, and insists on reciprocity being granted to Cuba. Thc loss by lires in the Western portion oi the State of Washington amounts to £500.000. Hundreds of farmers arc ruin- ed. One thousand people are without food or shelter. The China inland mission authorities be- lieve that thc whole of China is more or less in a state of restlessness. Thc ?.Frank- furter Zeitung" reports that Yung Lu, Commandcr-iii- Chief of the northern army of China, with the support of Russia, is plotting to depose the Emperor Kwnng Hsu in favour of a Prince who is betroth- ed to Yung Lu's niece. The French Premier sharply rebuked thc Minister for Marine for his indiscreet re- ferences lo certain P'oreign Powers in recent speeches. The Shanghi correspondent of thc "Dai- ly Mail" reports that 50.000 Boxers arc in the vicinity of Cheng Tu. where mur- ders of native converts have been reported. In the Cape Assembly, yesterday, thc debate was continued on Mr. Merriman's resolution denouncing the movement for thc suspension of thc Constitution oí thc Colony, and applauding ihc Premier for thc stand he had taken in the matter. Mr. Graai. a Bondite. thanked Mr. Chamber- lain ior his all ilude of reconciliation, and added that Sir Gordon Sprigg had thc newspapers and the capitalists against him. Sir Gordon Sprigg, he added, had behaved as a great Englishman, and had upheld the British traditions. Mr. Saner, a Bondite. said he rejoiced that a new era "was drawing near for South Africa, and that moderate Dutch- men and moderate Englishmen were com- bining lo put the extremists of each race in their proper place. Commandants Botha. De Wet. and De- lainey are now on a visit to Antwerp, Brussels. Dutch towns will be visited with- in the next few days. A man. armed with a revolver and a bomb, entered the oflice of the Canadian Hank of Commerce, at Skngwny. Alaska, and demanded 20.000 dollars. The clerks lied, and the man then dropped thc bomb, which exploded, wrecking the building and killing thc robber. Prospects of a strike in South Wales have caused the Danish railway authorities to transfer to (¡ennany orders for (id.OOO tons ol* coal. While in Paris the Shah of Persia and his suite spent £200.000. During discussion on the navy estimates in the House of Commons, to-day. Mr. William Allan, member for Gateshead, made a vigorous attack upon thc Admir- alty. He referred to the navy as "our phantom" fleet with a skeleton crew." He declared that the navy was short of l-l.000 firemen. 20<in engine-room artific- ers, and 000 engineers. The dock yards he described as being congested with crip- pled cruisers. During the German naval manoeuvres, in the North Sea. yesterday, thc Emperor in command, the attacking squadron broke through thc torpedo boats defending the river, and captured the entrance to Ellie. Spanish Ministerialists deny the idea ol' "entente cordiale" with France and Rus- sia, though radical newspapers are sympa- thetic to such a scheme. Independent or- gans warn Spain of her vulneiability in the event of (¡real Britain being an enemy, and recommend an alliance with the lat- ter power. ian team, states thal the gross receipts Major Wardill. manager of the Austral during the tour were £127'» below those of ISO«). Shrewsbury heads the English batting averages with "i0 runs per innings. 