Gadara : The Federal Capi tal Site. VISIT OF ,THK RlsPUESENTA 'ltves. The members, of tho Houso of Repre sentatives paying a visit to tho dis trict were Sir -Win. Lyne (Huuib), Minister for Home Affairs, Right Hon. G. H. Reid (East Sydney), leader of the Opposition, Mr. J. C. Watson (Bland), leader of the Labour party, Mr. J. iYL. Chanter (Hiyerina), Chair man of ComiiiiUoos, and Messrs. F. Clarke (Cowpci), E. Solomon (W.A.). G. Fuller (Ulawarra), T. Brown (Canoblus), II. Willis (Robertson), Hon. P. Phillips (Wimmora, V.), C. McDonald (Q.), A. Patorson (Q.), King O'Malley (Tas.), L. Groom (Q.), S. Miiugor (Port Melbourne), J. li. Ronald (S. Melbourne), G. B. Edwards (ti. Sydney)', F.W: Bamford (Q.), J. W. Kinvan (W.A.), R. A. Crouch (Geelong). .-tThe party, all , told, numbered 81'. Shortly before 10-o'clock the Repre sentatives ''lnEfc; Trimiit .-'. in- nriviite vehicles for' fhe purpose of viewing tho Gadara Federal City site. Mr. Reid wont direct to Adelong, while several olliciols accompanying tho politicians in their itinerary remained to Tuinut to take coach to Guudagai. A long train of conveyances stretched out on ' tho : road thereto, occasioning clouds of dust and causing a deal of discomfort. . Notwithstanding, the visitors' feelings were mollified 'when they reached Broughton's Hill and glanced to foot and up the valley and beheld tho splondid landscape. Our representative was accompanied by Mr. R. A. Crouch, who was very anxious' that every possible oppor tunity should bo afforded him of meeting the Representatives personally and drawing from them something concerning the impressions they had formed of the site offered in the Tumut district. After a good look had been taken of the surrounding country, the cavalcade moved off to wards Gui-rajong Hill, which was reached about half an hour after wards. Some alijrhted and un harnessed their horses at the foot of the hill, others drove portion of, the way up, while ono conveyance with its occupants reached the summit. When .all the party had assembled a light refection was enjoyed and afterwards the grand sight of the day was gazed on. It was indeed en chanting, notwithstanding the dryness of .tho country; A long stretch of valley, \jjith its slight .eminences and undulations, its,'.' towering hills on oither side and the Gilmoro range in the distance1 apparently abruptly terminating the stretch of the low lands, presented a stirring picture. Even Mr. King O'Malley who has been inured to the beautiful land scape scenes in gorgeous Tasmania couldn't refrain from remarking un guaraeaiy,'i guess cms is cne oniy piece of scenery I have seen in Australia that resembles the beauties of our Tasmanian landscape.' We noted the remark. Mr. O'Malley had previously said the members of the House of Representatives had to be very guarded in their utterances while on the tour of inspection for fear they should be taken to imply a pre judgment of the merits of the sites offered. The Texas democrat, how ever,' probably, in tho ecstacy which seized him' at the sight of something ' like the bright, fertile country he partly repvesented ' broken this secret resolve amongst the Representa tives and let the cat out of the bag. 'Yet,' he said -thoughtfully after wards, as a remark to qualify his previous utterance, ' it's a pretty place ; but I wouldn't care to draw comparisons now.' We had ' our man ' hooked from tho first view from Broughton's Hill. 'It was simply lovoly, enchanting. But, you see boauty will only form a secondary consideration in the selec tion. -The export or professional evidence will bo the chief basis for the selection; umd if any two sites come very closo together in the running as shown by' the experts' report, then the physical features of the ^country will be 'taken, into account'.' This was Mr. ' Crouch's opinion. Mr. Clarke, the, Hon. Phillips, the Queensland members and especially tho West 'Australians, couldn't resist throwing out casual references in admiration. And what mortal who appreciates landscape could refrain from an outburst of enthusiasm at what was before them on that .delight ful, calm, sunny morning. Sir William Lyno was convinced and was bent on convincing others that though Gadara was nearly the last site visited it , possessed by no moans an inferiority of merit. If picturesc|uo ncss wore fhe only essontial for the Federal Capital, Gadara , would have beon chosen on tho spot. But thoy must wait to see what was the result of the profqssional or export investiga tion into tlio olhor features recom-' mending it''boforo a 'positive opinion could' bo 'giVen. ' .With' pleased countonancos tho parly descended tho hill and took conveyance .into' Adolong. Parkor's Band met the procossion up tho Gap road and escorted them into town. ?A largo concourse of residents turned out to greet the Representatives. Aflor removing some of tho dust from their- garmonls and skin, a littlo breathing timo was given prior to .the luncheon in Mrs. Cassin's Hall. At tho luncheon there wore more than 100 porsons present. Mr. A. W. Molinoaux, .T.P. (Chairman of Iho ProgroBs Committee) occupied the chair. On his right sat Sir William. Lyne, on his left the Hon. G. H. Reid. Mr. W. W. Wobb filled tho vice-chair. With appetites sharpened by tho drive, the guests and thoso facconipanying them .were 'as fit as 'fiddlers. '; -Tho leaders of tho various parties in the House concurred that the atmosphere of this district had the effect of producing hunger, and that they had' eaten more while thoy stayed here than- in any other place during a similar period. So that they noedod no tompting. Full justice was dono to the groaning board which was of Hostess Cassin's best, and owing to press of time the speeches wore rushed irough. The Chairman proposed the custom - nry loyal toasts of ' His Majesty the King,' followed by ' Tho Governor Gonoral,' expressing tho hopo that Lord Hopetoun may yet see his way to withdraw his resignation. Mr. R. Donaidson, M.L.A.,: asked the company to drink to ' The Coin monwealth Parliament,' coupled with tho names of Sir William Lyno, tho Hon. G. II. Reid and Mr. J. CV Watson. He proceeded to recapitulate I the useful mopsuros the Common wealth Parliament had passed during its first session and wound up by stating that whatovor bo tho fato of 'Gadara in the fight for tho Federal Capital tho residents of tho district could roly upon its claims' being submitted to the impartial judgm'ont o£ the Commonwealth Parlia ment. The toast was duly honoured. Sir Win. Lyne was glad to see so many persons turn out to welcome the Representatives. His friends touring with him had seen but a very small portion of the country that would be embraced in the boundaries .of the Federal territory. The whole of the country right down to the Murrumbidgee and across-, to the Upper Murray was the very pick of the State. There was the highlands' of Batlow where any mortal thing excepting tropical fruits 'could be grown to perfection, the timber forest's of Bago which could not now be denuded and were unequalled in Australia for size and utility, and tho rich agricultural land' intervening. It was also the most extensive find valu able tract of mineral country in New South Wales, and surpassed many o£ tho other' States. Ho was carrying back to Melbourne with him three potatoes grown on tho edge of the Bago mountain, one weighing 2ilbs, one 21bs, and the third H-lb. Products of this kind could be grownjover the whole district. For a good climate and a place to make a homo, there was no part of Australia like it. This part of the country 'could not be over looked in considering the Federal Capital site, and moreover it ' was through it that a railway should be made to open it up to settlement and join Gadara with the towns nearer south. When they camo to deal with the very vexed question of the Federal Capital selection the greatest con sideration would be the water supply, and he believed this district possessed something in this direction which was going to be brought homo when tho time arrived. He recognised that the distance to bo travelled to reach Gadara was an objection at present, but knowing the country as he did he had no- hesitation in saying that a line could be run from Albury and con tinued to the main lino north of Gadara', decreasing the distance as by travelling tho main line consider ably. He wished it to be understood by tho members of the House of Representatives that he was not un duly in favour of this site. Thoy would all bo required to bo dealt with on their merits. It was not a question of to-day, nor a year or two, but of centuries, and of the best interests of Australia. More would now be heard of this part' of the country than had ever beon heard of it before. Somo of his friends said he had almost iixed the site, and ho had hoard thorn dis cussing wnac tno name oi the tuturo Federal City should bo. They had made up their minds that they had seen somothing that day that thoy had never seen before. [Mr. O'Malloy : ' It's in the running.] Taking all in all ho was sure that that when the decision was arrived at Tumut would bo well in the running. There would bo a second inspection and tho number of sites narrowed down after the ex perts' reports had been discussed. He did not think the task of accumu lating and compiling the evidence should bo delegated to ofiioials. Tho commission would not be a large ono, biit it would compriso men whose names carry great weight in their pro fessions. He believed tho Victorians intended to get up a distinct party to make a tour of inspection over tho sites. Ho sincerely trusted that some members from South .Australia also would intorost thomsolves in tho matter. In referring to tho Immigra tion Restriction Act, Sir William said ho hoped it would havo tho effect of keeping- Australia lor tho Australians and white pooplo. Ho took his seat n lit i (1 71 nn.f nni n ft n.nnl n.n sn: Mr. -Reid said ho was just as warmly in favour 6t Gadara as any other- silo. Whonovor he . had been inspecting thoso sites he had agreed that that was thk place. They had on thoso occasions to say pleasant ,and nice things. Tumut no doubt was a beautiful spot, but it made him so confoundedly hungry that he had novor before onjoyed so many good moals in succession. lie was in a hurry to catch tho train in Gundagai for Sydney and couldn't tarry, so ho cut his speech short and thanked all lor the grout pleasure tho visit had, afforded him and the kindness bestowed on tho visitors by all. Mr. J. C. Watson said the Repre sentatives en tour had formed an offensive and defensive) alliance in connection with speochmiiking during the tour. Any person who made, more than two speeches in one day was to be dipped in boiling oil. Ho was fully, sensible to the generous hospitality of the people Of tho district and grateful for tho oppor tunity of seeing the advantages which the country undoubtedly possessed. But there would bo a fair fip.ld and no favour in the selection in the interests of Australia. Aid. M. Dodd (Mayor of Gundagai) proposed the toast ' Success to the Fcdoral Capital site of Gadara.' It was tho highost gem of thorn all and the others would have no hope when tho oxports came round. Tho toast was suitably honoured. Mr. S. Groves (as goneral secretary to the Federal Capital site movement) responded. He depicted tho stages through which the movement had ?passed — -from that o£ indifforont con cern on tho part of tho residents to a true realization of Gadara's ad vantages not only by the inhabitants, but by the visitors. It was a signi ficant fact that a family' living at Gadara ' had four children named Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide and Australia, which was a good forecast for its future. The sur name was Barrett, and as rett in Dutch Danish meant influence, bar influence Gadara was certain to win. The toast of the chairman, proposed by Sir Wm. Lyne, to which Mr. Molineaux suitably responded, and extolled the unseen and comparatively unknown advantages, of Gadara, brought an extremely happy gathering to a closo. Three hearty cheers were given for Sir Wni. Lyne as he was driven out I of town. 