Muttum In Parvo. Nearly 40 per cent of the population of Siberia are Russian exiles. One-third of the population of the world speak tho Chinese language. The only gem in the world which cannot be counterfeited is the opal. Tho German Army boasts of eight women colonels — all, of course, honorary. In all countries more marriages take plaoe in June than in any other month. The wren often makes a dozen nests, leaving all but one unfinished and unused. Among the Kols of Central India a sham fight always accompanies a wedding cere mony. There are more than 2000 German waiters in the hotels and restaurants of London. Kissing is unknown to the Australian aborigines, the Maoris, Papuans, and Es quimaux. Swedon exports 1,000,000 boxes of matches yearly, and has tho oldest match factory in f.h Q wnvl rl Steam ploughs manufactured by a Leeds firm of engineers make trenches 2ft deep and 4ft broad. There aro about half a dozen old Majuba men amongst the pensioners at Chelsea , Hospital. The rice-eating Chinamen could consume the present world's crop of wheat and still go hungry. Projectiles thrown by naval guns are shaped much . as tho bullets shot by the ordinary rifle. Sydney Lighthouse has the most powerful electric light on any lighthouse — 180,000 candle power. One hundred and twenty-one women are employed in English tobacco factories to every 100 men. A record pine log, 94 feet long, 19 inches square, and perfectly straight, was reoently landed at Leith. In the last 15 years New South Wales has spent £743,000 in destroying 24,000,000 noxious animals. A penny is only 23 grains heavier than a sovereign, the former weighing 146 and the latter 128 grains. A bar of pig iron costing £1 is worth £11 if made into needles, and £650 in the shape of pen -knife blades. ' The world's golf clubs now number over 2700— more than ten times as many as existed 15 year3 ago. Thirty-five per cent, of the Swiss have . Savings Bank accounts for every 10. per cent, of English people. The Chancellor of tho Exchequer receives on an average £9100 a year as conscience money for unpaid taxes. Germany, Great Britain, and the United States consumes, together only one-twelfth as much wine as France. The whole British Empire has 124 Pro testant Bishops, of whom 32 are English, 7 Irish, 12 Scotch, 73 colonial. Ten years ago a white man was not to be found in Rhodesia; to-day it is one of Britain's most promising colonies. The nests of tho termites, or white ant, are, in proportion to the size and weight of the builders, the greatest structures in the world. Melons were grown by the old Greeks and Romans, and were carried to Amerioa by Columbus. The water melon is native to Africa. A feature of tho labour question in Japan is that, with the introduction of labour- saving machinery, great advances have been made in wages. ' Water thrown upon ice in the Arotic regions will shiver it just as boiling water breaks glass. This' is because the ice is so much cooler than the water. Mrs. Sarah Russell is known in London as the Queen of the Costors. She controls 800 coster barrows and carts, and is a rioh woman as wealth in her class goes. Chinese bicycle riders are frequently seen in the streets of Hongkong and Shanghai carrying an open umbrella and a fan, and in some instances with the handle bars re moved. A frequent change of shoes is good for the feet. Even from an old shoe to a new one is a rest. The muscles of the foot tire of one position, no matter how easy the shoe mfty be. A young Danish engineer has constructed a phonograph which will take telephone messages. It is much simpler than the Edison phonograph, and, instead of a wax roller, has a steel band, from whioh the message oan be wiped off after it has been delivered. Canada is now the only oountry. in the world offering free land to homo seekers of limited means. Fifty thousand immigrants each year enter her ports, and 75 per cent, of these people go at once to the north-west territories. Wet umbrellas should be turned upside down to dry, thus the water will run off the handles instead of into the part where the ribs meet, so causing tho metal to rust and the silk to rot. Never leave an umbrella open to dry, for in this way the silk is allowed to become stretched, and the umbrella loses its good shape. 