AUSTRALIAN i ¡STATE TELEGRAMS I_ I I BY SUBMARINE CABLE, COPYRIGHT ( TASMANIAN PRESS ASSOCIATION. VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, Monday. The decapitated body of a man named McQueen, who bau been employed in the Wandong quarries, was found on the railway line, near the quarries, on Saturday last. An mquoot was held at the morgue this morning, concerning the death of station manager Francis O'Reilly, whose body was taken out of the Yarra on Saturday near Princes bridge. A ver- dict of found drowned was recorded. Evidence given 6howed that the condi- tion of the heart indicated that the man might have had a fainting fit, and have i fallen into the water. | An inquest was also held on the hodv of a child named Gabriel Lawrence Bel- cher, who was killed by a fall from a swinging boat at Brunswick on Satur- day, and a verdiot of accidental death was returned. No blame was attach- able to anyone. At the City Court this morning, ' Henrv Lyons was sent to gaol for six months, for obtaining twenty - two pounds from Thomas Walton by false representation. Lyons repre- sented to Walton that hj> was a British Secret Service officer, and got the money out of him for betting purposes, but did not account for the winnings. He pro- , dnced documents purporting to prove ! his statement as to his position with the , British Government. George Harrison Pollett, a watchman at Stone's timber yard, Fitzroy, was killed to-day by n falling log of wood, which struck him on the head. Death was instantaneous. The condition of Miss Gregory, who was brutally assailed by a ruffian at her home in St. Kilda, is eaid to be improv- ing. No clue to the identity of the as- sailant has been found, and the victim is unable to give an effective description of him. * His Excellency the Governor and Lady Clarke paid their first official visit to the Melbourne Hospital to-day. Dr. D. J. Williams, one of the old- est practitioners in the State, died at Queenscliff on Saturday. He had prac- tised in Melbourne since 1852. Captain Malcolm, who returned to Melbourne from South Africa on Sun- day, went to the war with the first Victorian contingent as corporal, and in recognition of great achievements in the field, was rapidlv promoted, first to sergeant, then lieutenant, and final- ly captain. Most of the Chinese from the East- ern, upon which small-pox occurred, will be released from quarantine at the end of, this week,,.but the patient El- liott will have to remain for a longer period. '-' The Governor-General arrived in Mel- bourne from Adelaide to-day from his visit to West Australia, which has been most enjoyable. The conference of Inter-State survey- ors is concluded. Resolutions were carried affirming the desirability of a uniform certificate for surveyors, and as to the extent which an engineering degree should be recognised by examin- ing bodies. The regulations for examinations were revised in a way that should make them generally acceptable. The desirability was affirmed of the various Inter-State boards meeting occa- sionally, and also of the establishment of a joint representative committee to deal with important questions arising between the conferences. Much excitement prevails at Bealiba over the murder of Mrs. Hawkins, and also the discovery that the child of which deceased's sister was the mother, ead Hawkins the acknowledged father, is missing. The Minister for Education is prepar- ing to re-arrange the Education Depart- ment. It is probable that Mr. Frank Tate, the principal of the Training Col- lege, will be appointed Director cf Edu- cation in the new office. NEW SOUTH WALES SYDNEY, Monday. Mr. See states that, putting all per- sonal consideration aside, he did not think it would be consistent with the importance and dignity of New South Wales for him as Premier to accept any implied invitation to the King's corona- tion, as set forth in cables. He had arrived at this conclusion after corre- spondence with other State Premier«, none of whom were likely to go to Eng- land. James Carberry was killed by light- ning at Muswellbrook, and two others were injured, one through the lightning igniting the gunpowder in a flask carried! in his pocket. Two more plague cases, and a sus- pected case are reported at Rushcutters' Bay, Sydney, where Miss Church and Mrs. and Miss Gardener were infected They are all isolated. A boating party at Moruya River were capsized, and after a harl strug- gle regained the shore. Amoae the occupants were Dr. Quilter and Father j Quilter. | QUEENSLAND. BRISBANE, Monday. A kanaka, at Mackay, has murdered another kanaka who was paying ad- dresses to his wife. Two Afghans or Indians, passengers by the Kumara Maru, were stopped landing, as undersirable immigrants. They ian down the gangway, ana were pursued' and caught by the Japanese crew. Force had to be used to get them aboard again, one having to be roped and dragged on deck. The men were handcuffeoT It is stated that both were British subject«) and had served in the Indian Armv. They were book- ed for Australia before the Act was in force. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, Monday. Two patienta «scaped from tho Park- side Lunatic Asylum yesterday, and are still at large. Mr. F. W. Weston, of Kadlunga, has sold 200 pure Shropshire rams to a New South Wales buyer, which is believed to be the largest lot ever sold in one line. WEST AUSTRALIA. PERTH, Monday. Eric Randell has been brutally garot ted by two men" who were secured by the police after a desperate encounter. Both were identified. They are Peake i «nd Casely, two notorious criminals. NEW ZEALAND. WELLINGTON, Monday. The Danish barque Alexandre, from Sydney to West Port, i« ashore thirty miles from the latter plaea, and is prac- tically a total wreck. The eighth contingent will probably not leav* till 28th. i Daring a night attack by volunteers at the encampment at Fielding,' Percy Crawford was shot deadby,one of the at- tacking party, who in mistake substi- tuted ball for blank cartridge. The Premier, Mr. Seddon, has receiv- ed a cable from Mr. Chamberlain, inti- mating that the Government will be glad of the services of another thous- and men from New Zealand. Mr. Seddon has replied that he will raise the men. Mumford, the skipper of the Ariadne, and Kerry, the owner, and Freke were j arraigned for wrecking the yacht. They ( pleadad not guilty. Mumfords confes ieion was ruled inadmissiblo, on the ground that it was obtained oa a pro- mise of pajssaul of £100. The Grown admita the ease agaiatt freke ii iwafc 