TELEGRAPHIC! (USCTEB'S OAULECIIAVB.) A LARGE GOAL ORDER DlYERTEB LONDON. -Thursday, Sept. 18 7 Tho prospects cf a stnko on tho jiart <, (lio coal miners in Wales iiave 1 e.,1 to tlij. divcraim of a Jargo order to a foreign . coitifti'V. , , . The Danish railway authorities hay0; transferred an order foi1 60; 000 tonn of coal which it, had been intended to place witfi/ - tho Welsh collieries, to Germany, ./ THE SPANISH ALLIANCE. Recent statements with respect to the relations between .Spain, France, nixl sia have attracted tho attention in tlio fi '' couiitries named. Spnuiih Miniti<ri«tfefiiAv. rejiudiafe the idea of an entente eordiajHV . being established with Franco and Russia-1/ though the RadieaJ newspapers ore syinpn' thetic towards such a "scheme. Tlie iiule/ jx'iident organs, 011 the other hand, waiii' Spain of her vulnerability in ilib event of i. Great. Britain becoming her enemy. They recommend tlie forinntion of in: alliance1 with Great Britain;' : SHAH OF PERSTA, 7 ; It i» stated in telegrams frorii Paris tq/ /- day that Ihe Shah of Persia and his siiit&'J/ :J:i who have just eomiiletel their visit to the French capital, spent Z£2Q0,00O in the city/ LONDON;' Fridayi September 19.' ''' The Shah of Persia was enteitained at a banquet at .Kursk, in Russia, yesterday/ / Tho Czar and Shah made cordial speeches PAUPER IMMIGRANTS TO AAtlORTCA' 1 The extent to which the United States « - being flooded with qjaiiper immigrants froifi' Europe, and particularly wRli continenifit -Jews' of the lowest .class— driven into exile by anti-Semitic bigotry and oppress fori-ifi' eccupying the sericus attention of thi. Americau. Government- . ,-! Mr. John Hay, ; the American Secreiaiy ' of State, has addressed a circular letter tq \ the United States ambassadors in Europe, in which lie; lays emphasis upon the peril which lies in the immigration of hordes of European; : paupers ; to America. On hit- , manitarian gro'uwls, also? Mr. Hay calls at-" tenticn to the oppressed condition of the Jews in Roumania, and asks the American, -ambassadors, to urge the Powers ; which were ; signatories of the Berlin treaty, by which ., ' the independence of Roumania was guaran teed, to compel the Government of that - country to ameliorate the condition, of its : Jewish population. - \ . "PHANTOM FLEET AND "SKELETON : -k;. - . .. CREWS." : v A sensational attack upon the Admiralty " 7 cdmiriistrafcion has been made by Mr. Wil- ;" liam Allan, National Liberal member for n Gateshead ; in the House of Commons-. ! - Mr- -Allan, who is a marine engineer, and1 the author of several works on engineeirng, : dealt with the : condition of tlie British 7 Novy in detail, and made a number of ' startling allegations. - ' "Our. phantom fleet and skeleton crews" was the picturesque phrase emjiloyed bv the speaker in asserting that the navy was - ' short of 1400 firemen, .2000 engine-room ' artificers, and 900. engineers.- Air. Alh-n describerl the dockyards of the United Kingdom as being "congested with / crippled cruisers-" . ' r This, trencliant criticism by an expert - lias caused a sensation, and an active pub- ; lie controversy is anticipated. WOOL/ MARKET. The fifth series of u'ool sales . for the pre sent year was continued at tlie Wool Ex-. change to-day. The sales were brisk, and there was keen competition for the various clases o£ wool offered. - " A BANK ROBBER'S FATE. An extraordinary occurrence is reported to h ave . token place in the . town of : Skag- the Yukon district of British North America!. The officials of The local branch; / of the Canadian Bank of Commerce were unpleasantly surprised ;by . tlie -sudden en- trance of a mail armed witli a revolver, and .; carrying a lmmb- The intruder presented / , the revolver, and demanded tliat 20,000 dollars shoidd he instantly handed over lo ;:-'- him-, A hurried flight on the part of the clerks tlien precipitated a catastrophe, the man accidentally dropping the bomb. There ; was a terrific explosion, which wrecked the - bank building, and killed the would-be : robber. r GERMAN NAVY MANOEUVRES. / ;/ In connection witli the annual manoeu/. 7 vr6s of the Geiinan Navy, an interesting . incident,, exhibiting the skill of the Em- ; 1 peror Atillieni as, a 11 a'al- com ma nder is - reported?. _ . ..... . . The Kaiser, who last week! led a brilliant - cavalry charge ati the army manoeuvres, , pcrsonHly commanded a squadron which "f mede an" attack on the entrance to the . Raver Elbe, at Cuxhaven, in the North- 7 ' Sea. The squadron succeeded in hreakiiu through the- line of torpedo boat destroy" ers placed there, and capturing the en trance. 1 " WHITE STAR LINE. ! Mr. J. Bruce Isinay, of Ismay, Imrrie and , Co., owner-s of the White Star line of stecmers, denies statements that have ' been made that tire. White Star line has 7 Xihsfi 10 the recen% formed Shipping - THE BOXER RISING. T, NDON, Friday, September 19. -Lne latest intelligence reteived from,, una regarding tlie Boxer movement In . '1 Br®vince Stilrenan .. states that tho 7 rebels have come into- conflict \vdth the Ih! 1 01)8 lnAth6 streets of Ohangtu-Fu. 7 Tim Govermneut troops were1 victorious,. /' and succeeded . m restwing order. Fo'ur- teen Ber leaders hare been executed _ THE ARCTTG EXPEDITION. iy e Arc Edition/ under. Lieutenant ; llaPortapt. discoveries GENERAL RAINFALL IN INDIA., ( General fain has fallen iu. India.- aud -a good autumn harvest is anticipated. ArARQUIS OF SALISBURY ILL. ;>/ ! m LONDON. Friday, September. 19. - „ /fie Marquis of Salisbury, who /s now in ; Switzerland, is. suffering from an illness / which confines him to Iris- bed: ; He is being - attended by/a Swiss and on English doctor. ; . and his own London doctor has heen sum moned. The nature : of the illness has not Iran- spired- ; ,r / . ; : , 