THE YEAR 1902. A REVIEW OF EVENTS. Excepting for the short period during which the nation was watching with the profoundest anxiety the course by the -~ King's illness in June, a retrospect of the year, so far as Imperial interests are concerned, affords material for unmixed con- gratulation. His Majesty has been involved in a manner worthy of the " glorious history of his House; peace. has it been re-established in South Africa after three years of stubborn and sanguinary, fighting; the co-operation of Japan in the defence of British interests, and of the status quo in the Far East has been secured by a formal alliance, one of the earliest fruits of which was the relaxation of the Muscovite hold on Manchuria; a rapprochement which may prove of a far reaching character has been effected with Germany and Italy, and (to quote, Lord Lansdowne) the wind has been blowing in the direction of a similar understanding ' with France; a frank interchange of ideas on commerce, defence, and, finance, has taken place between Imperial and colonial statesmen in London; and an agreement, , has been effected by which the Admiralty retains its preponderating control in time of war over the British vessels included in the Anglo-American Transatlantic combination. The year has not, indeed,' been, without its troubles and anxieties, but none ? can be said to have done grave harm, and even the discomfiture of a British column. in Somaliland is, like the rising of the Waziris, only one of the minor drawbacks to the ownership of a vast Empire., in- a , ternationally the situation (excepting "in ""a I Venezuela) has been tolerably free from ," anxiety, and the peace to which all other's' Powers have declared their 'attachnnlEint*^ """ has remained as unbroken as it ever was. On the other hand, internally 1902 has been at"; a year of unsettlement in almost every; xii country, and by a singular coincidence reli- ,. gion has invariably furnished the dominant, -f note of discord. in the United Kingdom the education controversy has been con- ' . ducted with an amount of acrimony rarely witnessed in the domestic politics of the mother country; in France the strong mea- s. sures taken against the teaching of religious orders have excited a vehement outcry'in:.r'r all parts of the Republic; in Spain the reluctance of Senor Sagasta to redeem his" ' anti-clerical pledges has cost him the Present miership; in Germany the alliance of the s t Government with the clericals to secure, -- with the help of the Agrarians, the passage of the Tariff Bill has occasioned a Liberal was. quarters nearly as much resentment as the .,-_v, enactment of that measure itself/^irikr'the"« . and plural voting riots in Belgium have re- 'J] Y solved themselves very much into a conflict - between the Radicals and'Clericals. As al-- - ways where the religious question is raised,. < partisans have worked themselves into. all mood in which reason is no longer of atisi'Jf' avail and argument is drowned in the past - ' ' sion of sectarian strife. THE COMMONWEALTH. , . .' 'j'.,, As a State and an integral part of the * Commonwealth South Australia has iaii'i-Q,'1^ good grounds for self- congratulation. When for the year dawned the Tramways Bfll*and'thflr!.',1; Outer Harbor Bill had passed their final stages in both branches of the Legislature,*''"1* but in the former case the referendum still remained to be taken, and tenders w, were not called for the latter until a much later ' . date. Although the electrification of the tramways is still in the? ' < future, full sanction to the scheme, '; was completed, so far as returns in public of South Australia is concerned, dur- J. ing February, while the outer harbpR.coiii'/jVs tract was signed, and conditions of work' .>?*. agreed to, notwithstanding any unforeseen!,'-" delay early in December. Amongst- the' " most important events of the year's was' the election in May of a new Parliament, including Upper and Lower Houses,\órítjv'^Z new and improved basis. Probably /. no, -. session has ever been more packed with work than that of 1902. The additions to v the land and income taxes, and the passing' of the Stamp Duties Bill were amongst the , practical results of the year's legislation, is The Transcontinental Railway Act was the,, " great feature of the Parliamentary session The enterprise is admittedly a momentous ,". ' one, and will involve the expenditure of' ' '"" capital, probably running into eight figures ' ' but as liberal terms have been offered to syndicates having enormous funds to in- vest, the inducements should prove sufficient" cient to secure the proposal being brought to finality. With the exception of the upper north and the Murray Flats-the hard-". vest for the year has been the best reaped in Australia, and the rains, which cheered agriculturists and pastoralists early in December, seem to competent authorities to 7 indicate that better seasons are in store: - - The well-being of South Australia depends not so entirely on its rainfall that anything. which justifies the hope that this will not' *. - fall below the average for at least some time to come naturally occasions much of- - ' joicing. The retirement of the first '<& \- - vernor-General of the Coro.monwealtiT^ an?.?-" the appointment of Lord Tennyson to 4th ''"--. vacant position is a matter which affects South Australia as a State, and the whole of Australia as a Federation. The selection of the Governor of South Australia to succeed Lord Hopetoun, although it deprived this State of an exceptionally popular Governor, was nevertheless taken as a compliment, and heartily acquiesced, in Although the Commonwealth to-day com- pletes its second year, the machinery of Federation is not yet thoroughly installed; there is no High Court, embodying the judicial power of the Commonwealth; no Inter-State Commission, to maintain freedom and equality of trade upon the railways and the rivers; no organisation of defence under a single Act of Parliament. But the postal and telegraphic services of six States have been brought under uniform legislation, though a Federal postage stamp one of the minor symbols of union- is still to seek; and the Commonwealth Parliament in its first session, lasting seventeen months, passed many important measures, including laws regulating alien immigration, establishing adult franchise, providing electoral machinery, and, above all, imposing a uniform tariff of Customs and Excise, with the introduction of which six State tariffs disappeared. The new fiscal system, securing inter-State free-trade, is, in accordance with the pledge given by the Prime Minister at Maitland last year, based primarily on revenue considerations, but is incidentally protective, thus continuing with modifica- tions the policy pursued in Australia before federation by five of the six States. This result was not accomplished without a protracted contest in the House of Representatives and a compromise with the Senate. Inter-State free-trade is so far the most considerable achievement to be credited to Federation; but the new order of things, coinciding as it does with financial difficulty in almost every State, has not been greeted with the enthusiasm which might have been expected from a people whose agreement to Sanite was largely inspired by the aspiration to become fiscally and commercially one. Already New South Wales has dissipated the huge surplus of revenue secured to it by the operation of the Federal tariff, while under the ""book-keeping arrangement other States are financially much worse off than before. Federation has, however, been charged with much for which it has \- no responsibility whatever. The reaction which in some cases, has led even to vague threatenings of secession is, in great measure, merely the swing of the pendulum from the pre-federal condition of excited and over-sanguine.expectation. The Commonwealth came into being on a wave of sentiment, but already sentiment has given way to politics, or in other words poetry is replaced by prose, with a natural fall from the spirit of exaltation that previously prevailed. Material depression in the States is attributable mainly to the long-continued drought, and apart from Federation the unsatisfactory financial position of the State Governments is only the \- ss Nemesis of extravagant administration continued, without any thought of the final and inevitable reckoning,' through good seasons into bad. The most notable of the year's political developments is the in- sistent popular demand for economical government. South Australia set the example of Parliamentary reform and administrative retrenchment. In Victoria a vigorous movement in the constituencies swept a temporising Ministry out of existence and inaugurated a new era of thrifty administration. Queensland has been compelled by the drought and the reduction of Customs revenue under the Federal tariff to adopt heroic measures, and Tasmania also is setting its house in order. Nowhere is reform more needed than in New South Wales, but there it has so far been successfully resisted by the vested interests of politicians. On the whole, however, the New Year will open under improved conditions, both politically and industrially The general resolve of Governments to live within their means is one of the factors tending to inspire confidence, while the recent break-up of the drought encourages the hope that we are about to begin another cycle of favorable seasons. Wool has risen in value, and high prices rule for grain and flour. Inter-State free- trade provides a Continental market for all Australian manufactures, to which the stimulus of a moderately protective tariff is applied, and New South Wales especially has already derived marked benefit from the aid thus given to her industrial development. THE END OF THE WAR. Although peace negotiations began in March, the WOT in South Africa was not formally brought to an end till the beginning of June. As soon as it had been rendered clear to the burghers that the question of independence was absolutely outside the range of discussion a settlement was quickly reached, on a basis which, as all the world recognised, showed unprecedented moderation on the part of the victor. The banishment proclamation, which had stood in the way of a previous agreement, was withdrawn. The use of the Dutch language was allowed in the schools and in the courts where necessary for the administration of justice. - The burghers were allowed to keep their rifles for purposes of protection. No date was fixed for the replace- ment of a military administration by civil government, but a promise was made to introduce representative institutions as soon as circumstances permitted. The terms of peace, as was inevitable, left unsolved many complicated points of policy, and there was no surprise, but universal satisfaction, when in October Mr. Chamberlain announced his intention to visit South Africa in order to examine and judge of the situation for himself. The free gift of £3,000,000, supplemented by a loan of £5,000,000 from the Transvaal Exchequer, may or may not suffice to repair the distress caused by the campaign. In any case it is necessary to provide for the permanent financial wants of the conquered States, to settle the lines of their future administration, the amount of the contribution they are able to make towards the cost of the war, and the relations of the white inhabitants and the natives. Throughout the year a section of the loyalists, led by Dr. Smartt, have not ceased to maintain an agitation for the suspension of the Cape Constitution, and Sir J. Gordon Sprigg, on the other hand, has with equal strenuousness declared that the existence of the Afrikander Bond is no impediment to the peaceful and prosperous development of Cape Colony under British rule. Mr. Chamberlain has intimated that he sees no ground for disputing Sir J. Gordon Sprigg's diagnosis of the situation, and the latter is confident that in this opinion the Colonial Secretary will be confirmed by a closer acquaintance with local conditions. THE CORONATION. The terms of surrender it was generally believed owed something of their liberality to the desire that King Edward's Corona- tion should take place during peace, which would scarcely have been possible had the war been continued to the point of unconditional submission. The nation, however, had still another ordeal to undergo before its Sovereign was formally installed on the throne of his ancestors. It wanted but a few days to the Coronation, when, in the third week in June, it was announced that his Majesty was suffering from an attack of chill and lumbago, contracted while witnessing a tattoo at Aldershot. He was compelled to renounce some of his engagements, but no definite anxiety was felt till a week later, when it was suddenly announced that his illness was of a serious character, that an operation had been necessary, and that the ceremony at the Abbey must be postponed. Several days of suspense followed before the worst fears were dispelled, and it was announced that his Majesty's wonderfully recuperative power had for the second time brought him back from the "Valley of the Shadow." So unexpectedly rapid was the improvement that it was found possible to go through the trying ceremony of consecration on Au _ gust 10, care being taken to reduce the de- Amanda upon his endurance, so far as could be done without impairing in any essential feature the significance of the service. The pageant was bereft of some of its splendor, still it was memorable enough to impress itself deeply upon the minds of the spectators, including the colonial Premiers, the Indian princes, and the representatives of foreign States, who had come from the ends of the earth to witness his Majesty's formal consecration to the duties of the throne. More than 60 years had passed since such a spectacle was witnessed in England, and in the gathering of representatives of colonies girdling the globe, and of Oriental subjects inhabiting half the continent, foreign commentators could not but observe an eloquent demonstration of the solidarity of the Empire. Not the least important of the events connected with the Coronation was the conference of the Colonial Premiers, which, if it had no tangible results, at least bore testimony to the strength of the Imperial sentiment, and the intensity of the desire of distant subjects of the Crown to remain closely knit to the country of their origin. The problem of Imperial defence was shelved. On the subject of trade relations an academic resolution was passed. Still the proceedings were not wholly barren, even of concrete results, since resolutions were carried in favor of subsidies to mail steamers, attention to the shipping laws of British and other countries with a view to the promotion of British shipping or its assistance against unfair forms of competition, and the adoption of the metric system. Of Imperial concern was the agreement concluded in October by the Board of Trade, with the Pierpont Morgan Atlantic Shipping Combine and the Cunard Steamship Company, whereby an undertaking is given by the Morgan syndicate to maintain the distinctively British character of the vessels in the combination which now fly the British flag, while the Cunard Company will be subsidised to the extent of £150,000 per annum, on condition that it constructs for itself and places at the disposal of the Imperial Government vessels of high speed, the command of which, in time of war, would add materially to British naval resources. BRITISH HOME AFFAIRS. In the United Kingdom an event, which would have distinguished any year in which it happened, was the change in the Premier- ship effected in July, when Lord Salisbury, retiring on the ground of ill-health, was succeeded by Mr. Balfour. A singular feature of the eulogies pronounced on the ex-Premier by British and foreign journalists was the unanimity with which all hailed him as the one statesman who had held a European reputation since Bismarck quitted office. Mr. Balfour's elevation to the supreme command of his party was welcomed as natural and obvious, though Mr. Chamberlain's prompt recognition of the superior claims of his colleague did not pass unrecognised as an example of political self-abnegation and party loyalty. The retirement of Lord Salisbury MARIS selected by his colleague, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, as an opportunity for his own severance from the cares of office after a period of administrative service as prolonged as that of his chief in the domestic sphere it has been an anxious year For the Government, and it has needed incessant recourse to every argument, threat, and persuasion to secure from a considerable section of their followers a continuance of the support necessary to enable them to pass one of the most contentious Bills ever introduced into the House of Commons. Not since Mr. Gladstone's Home Rule Bill has any measure been so fiercely assailed as that for extending to the Church schools, in virtue of the secular instruction they afford the same and as had previously been enjoyed exclusively by the Board schools. The Nonconformists to a man set their faces against legislation which, in Dr. Fairbairn's words, has created an ecclesiastical monopoly in the schools of the people." and have threatened an un- sleeping agitation till the Act is repealed or so amended as to give the rate payers a preponderating voice in the control of the schools they are compelled to support. Another much can troverted Government proposal AAOS the threepenny corn duty which was stigmatised by the Opposition as a relapse into protection," and was indeed openly hailed by some who assisted in its adoption as an instalment of fiscal reform calculated, if not deliberately imposed, to stimu- late British agriculture. Less hostility was encountered by the Ministerial Bill to im- prove the land purchase system throughout Ireland by enabling the Land Commission to take an estate off the owner's hands and distribute it severally among the various farmers without having to investigate si complicated agreement between the owner and intending cultivators. A revival of agrarian disturbances in Ireland has been met by the proclamation under the Crimea Act of the whole of Connaught and Mun- ster, except Kerry, with a fringe of the counties bordering those provinces, and the towns of Dublin and Limerick, while largely to meet and overcome Nationalist obstruc- tion the rules of the House of Commons have been amended for the swifter dispatch of business. FOREIGN INTERESTS. Russian intrigue in Afghanistan, Persia, and in China, French activity in Siam, and events in Morocco and East and West Africa have rendered Lord Lans downc's tenure of the Foreign Office during the past year anything but a sinecure. Early in the year the Government were sharply criticised by experts for their decision to hold Wei-hai-Wiei-the famous stronghold, which was to be a counterpoise to Port Arthur merely as a "peace base and to abandon the preparations for milking it a fortified station for the British fleet. But condemnation of this undisguised departure from the policy of Lord Goschen was speedily silenced by the announcement in February of a treaty negotiated during the previous month with Japan by which each of the contracting Powers pledged itself to benevolent neutrality in the event of the other being engaged in hostilities in defence of its interests in the Far East, and to actÍA*e co-operation with its ally in the event of the enemy being joined by another Power. The presumption of the treaty (which aims generally at the maintenance of the status quo and the independence of China and Corea) is that Great Britain and Japan are each able to assert their individual rights against any single Power, and that the only thing for either to guard against is a challenge by two or more Powers. The publication of the treaty had an almost immediate effect in a perceptible relaxation of the Russian grasp upon Manchuria, and in restraining Russia and other Powers from the asser- tion of claims involving their exclusive domination in any portion of the Chinese Empire. Except for spasmodic outrages by natives in the south, including the murder of two British missionaries, the year in China has been uneventful, and as it closes ground is afforded for hope that the remain- ing occasion for any immediate international concern will be removed by the withdrawal of the foreign garrisons from Shanghai. Nor should the treaty be for- gotten by which Great Britain in September secured the simplification of trade relations effected by the abolition of the barbarous likin dues. Attention has not been so pre- occupied in China as to blind British eyes to events in Siam, where by a convention, concluded in September, France acquired two new provinces, on the right bank of the Mekong, of an estimated area of 12,500 square miles, together with a monopoly of the right to construct ports, canals, and railways in Siam, and notably railways in tended to connect any point in the Mekong basin with the capital." France, which has practically no shipping trade with Siam, and whose invested capital there does not exceed 10 million francs, thus acquires in the Mekong Valley a position analagous to that of Ger- many in Shantung and Russia in Manchuria. The fear has been that such a position may militate against the object of British policy, which is to maintain the political independence of Siam, almost as much for the sake of its commerce, of which Great Britain possesses a larger share than any other Power. as in the interest of the protected Malayan states. The significant appearance of a British cruiser in the. vicinity of Kelantan, a strategically important state, acknOAvledg ing allegiance to Siam, suggests sensational possibilities for the new year. Persia is another territory which has engaged Lord Lansdowne's attention, especially in A ÍCAV of the Shah's visit in September to Great Britain and Russia. While, however, the St. Petersburg press has been rejoicing in the fact that the Persian Monarch's stay in London was of short duration, whereas his journey began and ended in Russia. where his stay was of a protracted nature] nothing has occurred to suggest that the situation has undergone any change for the worse since January, when Lord Cranborne stated in the House of Commons that Great Britain was prepared to adopt any measures necessary to preserve her ascendency in the Persian Gulf, and in the provinces that border on Baluchistan. Of greater immediate moment is the demand preferred by Russia some months ago, and announced to the House of Commons in October, for permission to establish direct relations with Afghanistan with regard to frontier matters. As no explanation was given respecting the methods to be adopted, and the limits to be placed on communication, the British Foreign Office has seen no reason for varying existing engagements by which Afghanistan is absolutely outside the sphere of Russian, influence. In Africa, since the year began, the action of the French troops in Bornu compelled Sir Frederick Lugard to extend British authority right up to the shores of Lake Chad and to occupy Bornu itself. In August an arrangement was made for the appointment of an Anglo-French Commission, to delimit the northern frontier of Nigeria. As a matter of fact, the French have been less disposed to adopt an aggressive course in this region than they were upon the Nile a few years ago, and are just now concen- trating their efforts on the more profitable undertaking of a railway through Dahomey. An effort, too, has been made to bring the Jubutil-Harrar railway under French control, by guaranteeing a sum of half a million francs per annum to the Ethiopian Railway Company, thus ensuring for France a monopoly of the trade of Southern Abyssinia. Nor have the French forgotten that Morocco rubs shoulders with their own province of Algeria, and they are watching with perhaps more eagerness than any other nation the course of the rising of the Moorish tribesmen in Tetuan. The reform- ing zeal of the young Sultan and his devo- tion to Western ideas have been the cause of much discontent among his more fanatical subjects, and the year leaves it. questionable whether he can hold his own against the revolutionaries, who are resolved on his deposition. The situation is latent, with possibilities of foreign complications, and though France may buy off Italy by according that country a free hand in Tripoli, she will find it less easy to obtain British acquiescence to her own occupation of Morocco, lending as it would to Britain"; hold on Gibraltar and her position in the Mediterranean. Meanwhile in another quarter of Africa British prestige has sustained something of a check by Colonel Swayne's reverse in Somaliland in September by the forces of the Mullah, a religious fanatic, of the type in which North-Eastern and Central Africa is so prolific. The mistake it seems was in permitting Colonel Swayne to incur the risk, which Lord Lansdowne refused to sanction last year, of following the Mullah into an arid and more or less inaccessible area, at all events with the meagre supplies he had at his disposal. INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS. From the Balkan provinces there have come subterranean rumblings, indicative of an eruption, to prevent which may tax even the ingenuity of Count Lamsdorff, the Russian Foreign Minister, whom the close of the year finds hurrying to the Bulgarian and Servian capitals for this purpose. A The frequent attempts during the early part of 1002 to excite a rising in Macedonia failed through. dissensions among the Bulgarian agitators, of whom one-half are desirous only of the liberation of their race from Turkish oppression, while the other will be content with nothing less than the extension of Bulgarian rule to Macedonia or a large slice of it. The visit in the autumn of a Russian Grand Duke to Bulgaria and the somewhat equivocal celebrations in the Shipka Pass, have encour- aged the hope of an expansion of Bulgarian influence in the Balkans, especially since Count Ignatieff, emerging from the dead past for this very purpose, has flattered the pride of Prince Ferdinand by a pretended inability to distinguish in any essential between Bulgarian and Russian troops. The enlargement of European armies, the crea- tion of new navies, and the 1< Franco-Russian alliance have left Russia without that check upon her action at the eastern end of the Mediterranean which Beaconsfield was able to impose a quarter of a century ago, even if Lord Salisbury (whose dictum Mr. Balfour has accepted) had not discovered that in supporting Turkey Great Britain has put her money on the wrong horses Still, while Germany. Austria, Hungary, and Italy are interested in postponing or preventing the control of the Bosphorus and Dardanelles by Russia, no good purpose can be served in precipitating matters till the time is ripe, and Russia as yet is content with the diplomatic victory she scored in September, when she secured from the Porte permission to pass four torpedo boats through the Dardanelles. For the rest her interests are served by the agreement renewed with Austria in June for the preservation of the status quo in the Balkans for another fixed term. Austria has none the less seen the- prudence of continuing her adhesion to the Triple Alliance, an agreement for prolonging which was signed in the same month. Italy, while declaring that she has lost none of her interest in this compact, her loyalty to which was accentuated by the visit of her sovereign to Berlin in August, has explained that its terms do not conflict with the maintenance of her new friendship with France. The long-standing commercial treaty between the two Latin Powers has this year been followed by an agreement, which leaves Italy a free hand in North Africa, east of Tunis, and France a free hand in North Africa west of Algeria. A visit by King Victor to St. Petersburg in the spring was not, it was thought, unconnected with the hopes of his country in regard to the provinces lying to the east of the Adriatic, and at all events was accepted by the world as another evidence that the Triple Alliance had lost some of its significance since its establishment was hailed as a check on the aggressive policy of France and Russia. Germany, too, has shown that she has other aims in foreign policy than merely to render herself unpleasant to France; indeed, the relaxation in the spring of the dictatorship in Alsace Lorraine is believed to have been largely prompted by a knowledge of the favorable impression it would produce in France, much as the graceful concessions by Mr. Chamberlain with regard to Maltese affairs were intended and accepted in a great measure as concessions to Italian sentiment. In regard to Europe, in short, the year has witnessed a minimum of international fric- tion, and in Asia and Africa there has been a no less noteworthy desire to refrain from pressing unwarranted claims. The contribu- tion to peace thus supplied, however, has been deprived of some of its value by a recrudescence of aggressive interest by some of the European Powers led by Germany in the Western Hemisphere. Undeterred by an announcement of President Roosevelt in August that the United States would not tolerate that the American Continent should be regarded as the colonising ground of any European Power," Germany in the following month showed by the sink- ing of a Haytian gunboat that where her interests are concerned she is no more disposed to stand on ceremony in the new than in the old world. The incident, if it did nothing more confirmed in American minds those suspicions regarding German intentions which the visit of Prince Henry of Prussia to New York in April did little if anything, to allay, and which have since been confirmed by the extraordinary energy infused by Germany into her dealings with Venezuela. That the action taken against that turbulent Republic is justifiable if shown by the support given to Germany by Great Britain, which alone among the Powers has frankly admitted the validity of the Monroe doctrine; while President Roosevelt has intimated that his Government will not prevent dress of an injury done by any South American State, as long there is no question of colonising involved. But punitive measures, if they involve the occupation of territory even for temporary purposes, may easily be brought within the scope of the Monroe doctrine, and the continuance of the Venezuelan crisis has only deepened the feeling in America that territorial designs in the Western Hemisphere are seriously entertained by the Power which is sending her subjects to that region at the rate of upwards of 100,000 a year. THE NATIONS AT HOME. Early in the year the Kaiser, in a memor- able speech, referred to the ever- increasing bitterness of the conflict of opinions and interests." In Germany this conflict has been largely agrarian, in France it has been religious, in Russia constitutional, in the United States industrial. While on the whole M. Combes, who in June had succeeded M. Waldeck-Rousseau as Premier of France, could claim accurately to have interpreted the mandate given to his predecessor at the general election in May still there was a general feeling that in his drastic enforcement of the law against unauthorised religious associations he was actuated less by administrative zeal, pure and simple, than by a passion for indulging the anti-clerical views he had long previously expounded in certain philosophical writings. The existence of an element of persecution in the matter was tacitly recognised by the Chamber at the beginning of the present month, when, by a large majority, the power of defining an asso- ciation" within the meaning of the law was taken out of the hands of the Executive and invested in the judges of the Supreme Court. In Germany agrarian discontent at a Tariff Bill, designed rather to please the manufacturers than the landowners, and possibly also to conciliate Russia as a large exporter of grain, developed into something like disloyalty to the throne. One of the acutest political crises the Father- land has known was only terminated when the Government, executing a complete volte face, accepted an amendment to increase the duties on home-grown cereals to a rate beyond the extreme limit they had fixed as the maximum at which it would be practicable to conclude a fresh commercial treaty with Russia when the time arrived at the end of next year. The agrarians have had their way though at the cost of inflaming popular feeling in the towns against them, and possibly, by the annoyance given to Russia, of adding something to the chances of international strife. The final result could scarcely have pleased the Kaiser who, in spite of the unbounded enthusiasm which marked the welcome given to President Loubet on his appearance in St. Petersburg in April, had been anticipat- ing with much confidence a rapprochement between Russia and Germany. A period when an industrial crisis had been filling the streets of Berlin With hungry and threatening malcontents seems scarcely to have been an appropriate time for adding to the price of bread; and at such a period it is hardly less difficult to justify the proposal made in April for the expenditure of no less than 250,000,000 marks in colonising Prussian Poland with German agriculturists and laborers. The coolness of the reception extended to the Kaiser on his subsequent visit to Posen showed IIOAV little real progress had been made in reducing the Polish provinces to acquiescence in German rule. Germany is not the only Power which has been engaged in the suppression of the liberties of a subject people. The enforcement in July of a new military service edict brought the Grand Duchy of Fin- land a stage nearer that "Russofication," which has been an unceasing process for the past five years, and is now all but complete. The hopeless misery in which entire provinces in Russia are permanently steeped provoked in the autumn serious rioting among the peasants in Poltava, Kharkoff, and elsewhere, and this state of things, together with renewed disorders in the towns and in the universities, and the assassination in April of M. Sipyaghin, Minister of the Interior, is stated to have suggested to the minds of the Czar and his advisers serious doubts whether the regime of personal monarchy can be maintained. The year leaves the world awaiting with eager expectancy the result of the visit which M. Plehve, the new Minister of the Interior, has during the present month made to the Czar's Palace at Livadia, with a copy in his possession of the constitution prepared by M Melikoff at the direction of Alexander II Whatever the upshot, the retirement in November of M. Pobedonostseff (the Procurator of the Synod is popularly believed to have removed the greatest obstacle to reform The year has seen no great advance towards a settlement of the long-standing quarrel between Austria and Hungary. Although in July the Emperor by a stroke of the pen removed one point in the dispute by decreasing the percentages of common expenses the two portions of the dual monarchy should contribute directly to the common exchequer, the adjustment lasts for a year only, and leaves untouched the main source of disagreement, namely, the common tariff, which weighs more heavily on Hungary, in her industrial infancy, than on Austria in her industrial maturity. A serious complication has been the Pan-Germans movement, which has been spread ing throughout the year in South Germany and Austria, and threatens more than aught else the stability of the Empire when the satifactory hand of Francis Joseph is removed by death. The domestic record of the smaller States-of Italy, Spain, and Belgium more especially has been largely a chapter in the history of that economic struggle which tends to become more and more severe and to make heavier demands on Governments and Parliaments. The Ministry of Yanardelli have sought to allay discontent by concession and promises of social reform, particularly as regards the corn duties, but in times of emergency have not disdained recourse to the devices of their Conservative opponents, having indeed, in March gone so far as place all the railway servants belonging to the army under military discipline in order to avert a general railway strike. For the relief of agriculture in the south a scheme has been propounded, of which nothing has yet come, to facilitate the repayment of mortgages held by the State banks, and to break up the great national, or estates, in order that they may be let in allotments on perpetual leases at IOAV rents. Strikes in Barcelona and other manufacturing towns in Catalonia have shown that urban distress is as acute Spain as in Italy or Germany, and young King Alfonso, who was crowned in May. can scarcely be said to have begun his reign under auspicious circumstances. The Liberal orders, who had been threatened with the fate of those in France, have secured an extension of their immunity from expulsion through the replacement of Senor Sagasta, the venerable chief of the Liberal Party, by Senor Silvela. The prevalent discontent in Belgium has been shown, inter alia, by two attempts on the life of the King, and by riots partly industrial, but mainly political in their origin. A general election in May, while it stimulated the demand for the abolition of plural voting, did not itself produce the conditions favorable to the immediate realisation of the reform. In America a ruinous dispute in the Pennsylvania coal trade, together with the means adopted to put an end to it, takes precedence of all other topics or domestic concern, If exception be made for Mr. Roosevelt's attitude towards the trusts. The action of the Washington Executive in securing the appointment of a Commission of Arbitration in connection with the coal strike was justified by the President on the same ground on which he deprecated the establishment of the great capitalistic monopolies, viz., that the conflict of modern economic conditions with the traditions of individuality cherished by students of the declaration of independence has rendered necessary the appearance of the Government in the economic field. The line he has taken in regard to the trust may have offended the financial interests, who contribute so largely to the election fund of his party, but the result of the Con- gressional elections in November in enabling the Republicans to retain their complete control of Congress, even though their majority was somewhat diminished, demonstrated the ability of his party to survive the loss of a discreditable form of support. The year has seen Cuba cut adrift from the moorings whereby it had been attached to the United States since the war; but it has witnessed the beginnings at least of a stable form of government in the Philippines, the establishment of reciprocal trade relations with Newfoundland, and the acquisition of the Panama Canal. The effort to secure by purchase the West Indian possessions of Denmark has failed through the antagonism of a combination of Danish merchants, but in the vigorous assertion of her Monroe doctrine on the occasion of the recent Ministerial crisis, proof has been given by America of her determination to lose no opportunity that might present itself for gradually bringing the entire continent under her SAvay. OBITUARY. The obituary of 1902 includes several honored and distinguished names, among them being Dr. Temple, Archbishop of Canterbury; Professor Virchow, Lord Dufferin, the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes. Dr. Joseph Parker, of the London City Temple, Dr. Talmage, Archbishop Corrigan, of New York, Lord Acton, Lord Pauncefote, Lord Kimberley. King Albert of Saxony, Prince Edward of Saxe- Weimar, Maria, Queen of the Belgians, James Tissot. the famous French painter, Cardinal Ledochowski, Archbishop Croke, Field-Marshal' Sir Neville Chamberlain. Sir Richard Temple, the Indian Administrator, Mr. Cecil Rhodes, Count Munster, Herr Tisza, the Austrian Premier, Hamad Bin Mohamed, Sultan of Zanzibar, John William Mackay (the Bonanza King"), Admiral Sampson, of the United States, Professor Samuel Gardiner, the historian, Emile Zola, Bret Harte, Philip James Bailey (author of "Festus"), Mr. G. A. Henty (the boys' storyteller), Mr. A. Patchett Martin (the Australian litterateur), M. Block (instigator of the Czar's peace rescript), Dr. Newman Hall, Mr. Thomas Sydney Cooper (the artist). Sir E. Ashmead Bartlett, Herr Krupp (proprietor of the famous armament works at Essen), and Sir John Colton, twice Premier of South Australia and at one time Mayor of Adelaide. 