Win a&WG; Wanting: Straft. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1902. . It is officially announced that the great coal state to the United States has ended. Bulgaria has decided to suppress the Macedonian Revolutionary Committee. Six hundred Macedonian men and women have crossed the Turkish frontier into Bulgaria. It was reported that Turkish troops had destroyed several Christian villages and massacred the inhabitants, and at Serbinoro had desecrated and burned the church. The Macedonian Revolutionary Committee has appealed to European statesmen to protect Christians, and has summoned all Macedonian refugees to de- fend the national cause. Mr. John O'Donnell, M.P., has been sentenced to three months' imprisonment for incitement to in- Limitation and unlawful assembly. Continuous accounts are being received showing gratifying results of Lord Milner's tour in the Transvaal. At the annual congress of the German National Liberals Hen Bossermann, the leader, said the French desire for " revanche " was periodically aflame, and it would be a mistake to be driven into a policy hostile to Great Britain. Five hundred French miners attacked Belgium, miners while going to a colliery inside the French, frontier. The gendarmes were powerless to maintain order, and Belgian mounted police crossed the frontier and charged with drawn swords. The Danish Upper House has read the first time a bill for the sale of the Danish West Indies. The Chinese officials complain that the Russians removed everything portable from the railway from Shan-hai-kwan to Niuchwang before they handed it over to the Chinese. The line was left in a disgracefully neglected condition. Out of 26 locomotives only three were fit for use. A report has been made that General Fernandez, one of the leaders of the revolution in Colombia, has captured the President and proclaimed himself dictator. . _ The dead bodies of Mrs. Reynolds, aged 70 and her daughter, Mrs. Matthews, aged 50, were found at their house, in New Brighton (S.A.), on t Wednesday evening. Death was due to suffocation and burning. The Congregational Union of Victoria, alter considering the education question in England, has carried a resolution expressing sympathy with the Free Churches of the mother country. General Hutton states that he is at a loss to understand how any rumour got into circulation that he intended to resign the position of Federal Commandant. In a letter to Sir John See, Sir Frederick Darley states that he is gradually gaining strength, although his illness left him very much weaker than he at first thought. The funeral of the BOT. Hubert Livingstone took place yesterday, and was largely attended, A branch of the Australian Protestant Defence Association was formed at Manly on Wednesday. A representative municipal company was entertained at luncheon yesterday, and made an inspection of the new garbage destructor erected for the boroughs of Annandale and Leichhardt. Sir Harry Rawson yesterday presented to Brigadier-General Finn a cup which is to be competed for at the forthcoming National Rifle Association meeting. The remains of the late Mr. William Stanley Hall, sen., who was one of the pioneer immigrants introduced to Australia by Dr. Lang and was a highly respected colonist, were interred in the Waverley Cemetery on Tuesday. It is reported from Bourke that the river is drying up very fast, and that if rain does not shortly fall the old system of wells will have to be resorted to for the water supply. Mr. Deakin delivered an address at Ballarat on Wednesday evening. He said that if Parliament had done nothing beyond enacting measures relating to a white Australia, adult suffrage, and a uniform tariff it would have earned an imperishable name. The Arbitration Court took further evidence at Wollongong yesterday respecting the Southern miners' dispute. Mine managers were examined in reference to the relative value of different lamps for use in workings. A deputation representing the New South Wales Chamber of Commerce waited upon the Federal Premier yesterday, and complained of a number of matters connected with the administration of the Customs Act. Sir Edmund Barton said that the question of Customs administration would from time to time be under the consideration of the Cabinet. His desire was to have friction removed as much as possible. The net loss last year on the Victorian railways, exclusive of pensions and gratuities, was Í1R3.22G. The Acting Commissioner says that during the ensuing year an extra ¿"200,000 will be required for repairs and renewals. Further light rains have fallen in the furthest north-western station of South Australia, Admiral Beaumont was officially welcomed at Glenelg (S.A.) yesterday. The Murray River Commission took further evidence yesterday, and left Sydney last night for the purpose of inspecting the Upper Murray. At a meeting of the council of the Chamber of Manufactures on Tuesday a motion was carried to co-operate with the Chamber of Commerce and protest against the arbitrary action of the Minister for Customs in his administration of the Act. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday the debate upon the budget speech was continued. The Land Appeal Court gave a number of reserved decisions at Hay yesterday, and laid down some interesting rulings regarding residential conditions. The Marine Board in Brisbane has commenced an inquiry into the recent stranding of the steamer Duke of Sutherland. Sir Edmund Barton states that he hopes next year to submit some proposals relating to preferential trade, a certain understanding having been arrived at by the Premiers at the recent Imperial conference. The inflow of water into the Prospect reservoir for the 24 hours ended yesterday morning was 33,430,000 gallons, an increase of 7,010,000 gallons. A distinct shock of earthquake, lasting: for three quarters of a minute, was experienced at Cooma on Wednesday night. A return showing the increases of salaries throughout the Public Service was tabled in the Legislative Assembly yesterday by Mr. Waddell. The Sydney Labour Council decided last night to lay before the labour party the conditions under which men worked under the Board for Exports, and also to join a deputation to the Attorney-General respecting prison labour. About 170 men are now engaged in rescue work at the Central mine. In a debate in the South Australian Assembly yesterday the leader of the Opposition said he was opposed to handing over Northern Territory to the Commonwealth. In the Victorian Assembly the Government re- trenchment and financial bills have been read the first time. A deputation representative of boy brigades and institutions in the State made a number of suggestions to the Attorney-General yesterday regarding the State Children's Bill. Mr. Wise promised to carefully consider the matter Stockowners and others in the Corowa district are complaining of the inadequacy of the supply of railway trucks High values continued to rule for stock at Home- bush yards yesterday. At the half-yearly meeting of the Mount Garnet Freehold Company in Melbourne on Wednesday the chairman stated that the position was somewhat disappointing, and the financial position showed a balance by deficiency of liquid assets to date of £7801. He also said that without new discoveries in the mine at the present rate of smelting the end of payable ore in sight was within measurable distance. The Acting Minister for Defence has received a despatch from the Imperial Government declining to release Lieutenant Witton at present, The Western Australian Budget shows a surplus of over £120,000. Mr. Deakin was so prostrated by nervous exhaus- tion yesterday that he, had to leave a Cabinet meeting. He, however, left Melbourne for Sydney in the afternoon. The Stock and Share market was almost lifeless yesterday. There were no noteworthy alterations in quotations. In the Mining market also there were few transactions. Prices showed very little movement. Quotations in the Import market were without appreciable change, trade being restricted in all departments. _ 