JOTTINGS. A healthy person breathes about 20 times a minute . A chimney ll5ft hlighsl)l sway 10n in a high wind without t:danger. Seed potatoes can bb prevented from sprouting by beilng smoked with sulphlmr. One hundred and flfty lchildi out of 10001 born die befor6no thcy are a year old. Almost Ihe whole '-"of Ilhe crypt of itt. I'nal's Cathedral' isi used for work shopl s. '. ' .: An average pair of engine driving whels ruus 66;773 miles before they are worn out. ." ' .: I'lve hundred and forty pounds of blood pass through the heart within a single bloar. A cubic foot of soft steel weighs -ISylb; a cublc foot of hard steel weighs exactly ll less. The population of the O(range River Col ony is 77,700 whites. and 120,SU0 nat ioves. Tigers killed a57 persons and panthers 205 last year ln tho Indian Central pro vinces. Sunday work on'thp treadmill is to be abplished in thirteen of his Majesty's pri There are three thousand words which are used alike in French and English without change of spelling. One of the highest shot-tooers in the world is to be. found.at Villaeh. in Corin tbla, where there is a fall of 24'Jft. In London each inhabithant owns, on an average, £150 worth of house property. in Dublin 'the individual share is but £4.4. The most expensive war of recent times was the American Civil war of S1G2-6S. Its total cost to both sides was 2000 mil lions. Monte Carlo has a special cemetery for gambling victims who commit suicild. Since 1860 over 2000 graves have been dug there. ' " Tlhe Surrey County. Club was founded in 1144, and is the oldest of county cricket clubs. Derbyshire stands second in point of age. The railways of Great Britain have just over 150 miles of .tunnels. The seven longest railway, tunnels have a total length of 13 miles.,. The conservatory.at Chatsworth (Eng.) is the largest privately owned conserva tory in the world. It is 300ft'long, 145ft wide, and 65ft high. In the British steel pen-making trade there are over 3000 women employed, nearly ten times the number of men who work in this industry. In a thunderstorm which occurred In the 'South of England on June 6, 189, lasting two hours, 1244 dhitinct flashes of light ning were recorded. A witness in a case at Birmingham lately said he was suffering from rapid consumption, and hesitated to kiss the Book for fear of dpreading infection.., The biggest price evoer'paid an artist.for. painting a portrait'was £10,000. paid to Melssonnicr for his portrait of Mrs. Mac kay, wife of Malckay of silver fame. The United States holds the record for the use of water-power in driving machin ery: In all. 50,500 v.ater-wheels are at work, giving over l1 million horse-power. Thirty-four vessels, aggregating 62,000 tons, were launched on the Clyde during the month of May. . New orders for ves sels totalling 50,000 tons have been re ceived. With the disappcarance of Newgate Pri son, London, only'five'prisons will remain in the metropolis. These are Holloway, Wandsworth, Brixton, Wormwood Scrubs, and Pentonvillo. Six thousand pounds was paid for a bronze statuette of Hercules at the con eluding sale of the Bardini collection at Christie's, London.; The total realised by the entire collection .aC £45.,728. The Citadel Station at Carlisle. holds: the unique position'o being the largest railway terminus In th? world. No fewer than seven companicsiuse this one sta 'tiogt for- o term i ld ' ...,' -... . Both:ey?s ofawoilf fa 'me'nierie" 'at Lyons have been operated on for a catn .ract. ,After the operation the' animal'o eyelids were sewn together to prevent it opening them for several days. A horse was killed at Swansea a few days ago by contact with an electric wire. A boy was riding the almal at the time through a populous thoroughfare, and managed to escape with a severe shock. Wolves carried oif a little Armenlan boy from the door of his parents' cottage in a village near Vau during'the recent severe weather. His mangled.body was :found .some hours later in a neighbourlng forest It is no uncommon thing nowadays on board ship for the whole of the crew, from captain to cabin boy, to be total abstain ors, said the Bishop of London lately at the anoual meceting of the iMissions to Sea men. The Church Mdio?onary Society's ordin ary income last year was £326,903. which is the large'st ever reached. There is still, however. despite the rcsoonse to the re cent special appeal, an adverse balance of £27,603. ,There was no sainbility in marriage now. In the old days people were taught to bear and forbear, observed the magistrate at the Thames (London) Polich Court the other day, when a number of women applied for separation orders. The eight aqueducts of ancient Rome brought 40 million gallons of water a day into the city. i1ad the Romans.been aware that water always rises to its own level these Ihuge erections' on arches 70ft high need never hsavoie"ch'built.' Tihe ruins of FothsiIngay Castle,, the scene of the:last 'days ofiMary Queen of Scots, have been placed by.'thclr own'r Lady Wantage, under the. guardianship .of the Poterborough Arcsaeological Society, w?ith permission to throw them open to the piublhe. More soldier3 commit suicide than men of any o'her profession. Deer-aellers come nect; doctors thirsd. Then come in the following order-lawyers, butchers; hair aressers, brokers, elCrks. bakScers, cabmen, echnelmasters, farmers, prlpters, tailors, shoemakners; miller,- and grocers. Ulverston hl:p a' "Two-Glasscs-a-Nigt Club." wlith a membership of about 200. all of whom are pledst;? to drink no more thas a couple of. glasses of beer during any evening.,No limit is placed, hIowever on the quantity of nson- intoxicants which may ]Ie consumesd. . So far back. as Aiugust, 1900,. Thomes Uowen, of arnannt, near' Lla.nelly, Wales, was bitten on the hand by a fox terrier. After treatmen t at the Pasteur Jnstitute, Paris. he rcturncedrl homne in excellent healthl. A short tlime' ago,' however, Mr. Bowen s'as found" to 'be' suffering ' from amete hsydrophobla,'; and died soon after. Belglitn railway :authorlties are strug gling'with the locomotive whisltle evil. Thie engtnes will, linfuture, carry whistles producing ?wo bones, one much softdr than the other. ThJo former will be used in rall way stations or when the train is pass ing platforms crowded with passengers. Thie first export of raw cotton from Am erica to England wass In 17S5, when one bale was sent from Charlestown to Liver pool. .'our ihuondred ansd thirteen out of every 1000 Gernmioan men live to beh 50 years old.' FPivo .hundred and twenty women out of every 1000 roach the same age. In the o.EnglIsh dictionary are found words derived from more differen? sources than any oth'r'.language. ' Iatln Greek,: Hebrew, Celtic, Saxon, DanIsh; French," Spanish,; Italian, German,' Hindustani." Malay, and even Chipcseo sources are easily traceable. . The lakes on1tle Msaniglshlabe Penlnsula In the' Caspalon Sea. are. sweet '..smelling, owing, to tho. presence of a vIolet-scented seaweed . In Europe, 10 out of every: 1000 people are Ilvlngoout of their'ownv country; iii America 137 'out of every .1000; while 300 out. of every 1000 Australlans were born In some other part of the world.-' A:kinowledge of,thle 'prIllicIples of 'book Ikeepling 'is to h'e among',the accomplish ments of all our Army ofllcoers in the future;. : : -, :: . " Out 'of. 177 :ships provided for. In 'the French, naval estimatestwo I years ago, 118 have nalready been laid; down, while many of thessmaller craft. hIp? been com pletedi and launched;' Belglum 'still uses '51,000 dogo for draft purposes.~ '; "_ ,' ? ph "Capo exports the feathers of 40,000 ostriches yearly. T'he- largest flags made are Royal Stan dards, measuring 30ft by 21ft. ' fowls are supposed to have been first domesticated in China 14100 B.C.. The United States exported last.year the record: number of 505 locomotives. " The average duration of the reign of English monarchs for the last 6000 years. has been 21 years. In a hurricane blowing at 50 miles an hour the pressure on each square foot of surface is 3,?lb. Japan has no laws for the protection of labour, or restrictlug the employment of women and childlren. -Among London's taverns are seven " Adam and Eves." five " Noah's Arks," and two "Jacob's Wells." - Greenwich observatory was fouded in 1675, that of Paris in 1677. Leyden obh scervatory. is the oldest in Europe. Railway rails deteriorate sooner in t0n1 nels than elsewhere, an effect attrlbu table to the action of injurious gases. A London balloonist is collecting the microbes of the upper air. and has al ready discovered many hitherto unknown germs. " The largest oyster ever found on- Bri fish shores was dredged up off 'Chrlst church Hlead. It weighed 315" pounds, and measured seven inches across. Kites for observing the weather have been sent up 14,000 feet. A team of flye kites was used, and their weight, and that of the wire holding them was 1301b. The gold guns belouging to the. Gaok war, of Baroda have only once been used. That was for saluting the King when, -as Prince of Wales, he visited India. A bale of good cotton is now worth £12, against £5 a few years ago, while cotton seed, once thrown away, now brings. nearly '£2 a bale. There were 1760 burglarles in eIondon last year, against 1072 In the year be fore. 'Thle population of England will prd hably become stationary about the year 1053. Between June and September nlast year 140 tourists reached the summit of Mount Blanc. \- Four million gallons of ginum are used yearly for-sticking postage stamps issued in England. " " Krupp steel works consumed last year 16.000.000 cubic yards of water, and 1,682,500 tons of coal. Water thrown upon the ice in the Arctic regions will shiver it just as boiling water breaks glass. Tills is because the ice' is so much colder than thile water. \- A number of Viennese ladies have start ed a dress reform league with the object of suppressing the corset and introducing anew kind of divided skirt. Peru holds the record as a mining coun try. She has 2500 mines, from which 70,000 workmen dig gold, silver, sulphur, coal, phosphates, qlcllksilver, borax, copper, and lead. . -While a priest was in the act of bless ing a now bridge across the Rivter Mars non, in Perul, the structure divided, and a large number of persons fell into the water. Over 100 were drowned. America sells nearly three times as m?uch as slhe buys: . Germany buys £50,000,000 worth more every year than she sells; while Great Britain last year actually bought twice .ans much -as she sold. - To provide work for the unemployed, the Hamburg (German) aulthorities have decided to proceed at once 'with the eree tion of a largo number of workmen's dwellings, which are greatly needdd in the town. Engaged girls in Denmarkle wear a plaid gold ring on the third finger of the left hand.' When they get married the ring is mnoved to thile third finger of the right hand. Cats sell at £5 each in the North Yukon territory owing to the plague of rats and mice. The dog is still a beast of bur den. - \- War medals earned by deceased soldiers will be issued to their relatives by the fllcor-commanding- thCvj'.egimoenta.- dis: trict.- " ' .,- , . .. ... . .- -' , '' Ninety.miles an hour is to be the uar- anteed speed of a motor car ordered from a German firm by Mr. Schwab, the'Steel Trust magnate.. "Lord" Wellington was the name of a negro whlo had businesss the other day in the Cardiff (Wales) Police Court. Italy is now thile great emigrating na tion. Of 140,226 immigrants landed- at Newi York last year over one-third were Italians. Each member of the Royal Academy is entitled to hang eight pictures at the an nual exhibition. It is calculated that the £600o,000 worth of gold dust dug at Cape Nome last 'ear cost £2,000,000 .to obtain. Some experiments have been made at the German Zoological Gardbns to deter mine how music affects wild animals. A violin was played, and it was found that the piuma was the most sensitive, becom ing very excited. Leopards were indif ferent, lions and hyenas afraid, monkeys curious, and wolves appreciative:: There does not seem to be any very clear lille through these results, the only docilu slon apparent beiqg thqt music has not quite so much power to soothe the'savage beast as the poets alleged. In the matter of public holidays the Riussian worklman is perhaps' the most fortunate workman in the world. His labour year is dotted at every few stops with cases of idleness and vodlka, -tem pered with an occasional kiss to an ikon. Every Engilsh employer of labotir in Russia Ikeeps an almanac hanging con spicuously, from which are blacked out: the days on- which work is at 'astandstill. Even the ship captlains who take cargo and passengers to St. Petersburg carry the marked almanac..andshurry or loiter "o dodge the Russian llollday. Mr. Fuller, of Yateley, Hamplshliro,-into whose possession passed a richly embroli dared tablet' representatlive of Quedel Catherine and King -Charles, has just discovered, neatly concealed In the back of the tablet, the parchmenat will of Thomag Hodgkins, a London merichant.: Tite document, which is dated 1,th .April, i1.S, and is now in the possession of the vicar of Ridge, Hertfortshire, will, It.ia believel,lead to the discovery of an ac cumulated sum of many thou'sands of pounds for the poor of that parieh, In whose favour the bequest is made. - . 