Crumbs The year begins badly for many distressed families in the bush. . Swimming baths would be a great luxury m Cootamundra. We may expect the Wyalon^ railway to be commenced shortly. _y Mr. J.J. Costigan, of the Club hotel, is recovering from an attack of measles. mr. .a., jiimery nad his woolshed unroofed in the storm of Saturday last. Mr. R. Burgess has passed through a severe crisis this week as a typhoid patient. Shooting, fishing, ahd excursion - parties were the order of our Christmas and New Year holidays. Commandant-General Louis Botha has decided to shoot every National Scout captured by the Boers. The executive of the Foresters' Institution is unanimous in its opposition to state-aided old-age pensions. Earl Longford and Viscount Fincastle are raising two regiments , to'be known respectively as the Irish Horse and Fincastle's Horse. _ Signor Marconi is engaged iu experiment ing with wireless telegraphy between South Africa and South America. The Earl of Rosslyn, in playing by a system, has won 100,000 francs (£4,000) at Monte Carlo.' . The Prince of Wales will represent the King at the Kaiser's birthday celebrations in Berlin on and after January 27. At the ' instance of the Governments of Great Britain arid the United States, an edict has been issued restoring his former honours to the late Chan-yin-huan. The Boers on Saturday attacked Laing's Nek and Botha's Pass, on the Northern Natal border, but were repulsed. The British loss was slight. The Pretoria correspondent of the 'Standard' reports that infantry reinforce ments are imperative, in order to terminate the war at an early date. Tne trial of Commandant Schenrmr* nn charges'of murder, arson, and train wrecking has concluded. Judgment has been reserved. Kruger's attitude is . described as defiant - and provocative, and he makes several demands, besides the recognition of Boer independence. Aid. Howell has been detained in Sydney through illness ; and his father is also laid up. . If all goes well, he is to be home on Monday next. The Brussels newspaper ' Independence Beige,' tells Kruger that if Great Britain grants independence to the Boers she will lose all prestige abroad. Very few officers with good South African records are applying for enrolment in the -contingent, preferring to await probable advancement in Australia. Royal Assent having been given to the Immigration Restriction Bill, the regulations in connection therewith have been passed by the Federal Executive. Large quantities of wheat continue to arrive at Temora by team, and the accom modation at the railway station is good, but a block of the wheat traffic is threatened. There is anxiety at St John's, Newfound land as to whether the expiring modus vivendi between Frai ce and Great Britain , regarding the lobster fishers will be renewed. The Danish W est Indies are protesting against the transfer of the islands to the United States, and recall the Royal pledge given in 1867 not to sell the islands without the inhabitants. The French Ambassador at Rome held a 'deception. He said there was no longer any Mediterranean question between France and Italy, and he predicted a fruitful era of mutual fraternity and peace. In an interview at Wellington (N.Z.) Mr. B. R. Wise expressed the opinion that recip rocity between New Zealand and Australia was improbable, but that New Zealand c ould lose nothing by joining the federation. New Year's Eve was the qnietest on record for Cootamundra. The t'wn band enlivened the town and played the old year out and the new year in, and the bells and whistles were blown and the churches fairly filled for the occasion. Savernake, in the Hume quarter, where a pro-Boer meeting was held on Saturday as reported in this issue, is a small settlement of strong anti-British people. -We published the report as a sample of the sentiments of the disloyalty. Mr. Barton pointed out' on Thursday that the Commonwealth claimed' the moneys paid for brewer^ licenses by virtue Of - the Beer Excise Act. He hoped the matter would be amicably arranged with the state Govern ment. Mr. J. W. McCarthy, the pioneer school teacher, of Cootamundra, arrived with his family to take up his residence in our town ; and will be warmly welcomed by old friends: He was a bachelor in his olden days here ; but he returns with a family of a baker's dozen. We hope to see the family settle % here permanently, and found a school for our infants. Alderman J . lx. Uhenery, Mayor of Al bury, attempted on Wednesday evening to cross the Murray in a sulky in which were two children. The horse became restive and -plunged from the ford into deep water. The children were rescued by Mr. Williams, who happened to be near. Mr. Chenery stuck to the trap which presently disappeared, horse aad all, in deep water. Mr. Chenery swam ashore. He received 6everal nasty bruises. The Czar, in bis own name and in that of the Czarina, sent best wishes to France and President Loubert for the New Year, stating ' Our friend and ally is particularly dear to us.' President Loubert replied apprecia tively, and afterwards received the diploma tists. The Papal Nuncio praised the lofty ideal of France in the Chinese crisis. Presi dent Loubert said the outlook was one of general agreement among the Powers, and some were strengthening their ties of alliance and friendship. The Russian und the French Ministers- for War exchanged' greetings. Sir Andrew Clarke, Agent- General for Victoria, 'has written an article in the 'Nineteenth Century' .on the British naval position in the eastern seas, which has attracted considerable attention. Referring to the participation of the colonies in the operations in China and South Africa, Sir Andrew Clarke applauds the masterful self confidence of Australasia, and her patriotism in embarking in the Imperial struggle. In Australasia, he states, Imperialism will be true, of a responsible and beneficial character, and she' will open her arms to all comers who recognise and appreciate the justice and freedom which obtains under British rule. The ' Times' applauds and endorses the remarks of Sir Andrew Clarke. ; There can be little doubt, judging by the buoyancy of revenue for the half-year just - closed, that the Victorian Treasurer will finish the financial year with a considerable surplus, instead of a deficit of £220,000, which he anticipated. In his Budget speech Mr; Peacock set down £9,963,200vas his pro bable receipts for the whole year. - He is, however, £460,000 to the good. New ex penditure has, of course, to be met- in one or two directions. The raising of the maximum for, old age pensions from the proposed 7/- to 8/, for instance, is reckoned to involve be tween £30,000 or £40,000 for the year. On. tho other hand, Treasury profits in one or two ways showed increases, notably by the slaughter of the State School Teachers' Bills, which provided for the re -staffing of the Education Department arid schools at a cost of Bome £20,009. There is still very great uncertainty as to the probable Victorian . share of the Federal expenditure. Sir Wm. Lyne on the pro-Boers :— When . ' speaking at the Highland Gathering in Sydney, he said : He had deplored the pro Boer demonstration which was reported to hav.*! taken place in a Murray river town. He thought that, having made'' the brave fight he had, they all respected the Boer ; but. at tho same time.it was quite clear that before the British Einpire could think of making terms with the Boer, th6 Empire must conquer him (loud cheers). No other-'' course must be thought of (cheers). After the Boer was conquered, he would receive generous consideration, which would pro bably express itself in the gift of a constitu tion for his country, such as were enjoyed by Australia and other self- governing jjortions of the Empire (cheers). With envious nations looking on, it 'was the obvious duty of all parts of the Empire, and of the races of men within the Empire, to stand united in a determination to bring the war to a suc cessful close (cheers),. He hoped . that would always be the spirit which 'would pervade Australia ;;but if ever, through the growth - of population arid the evolution of new con ditions,. Australia should bring about- political, severance from the mother country, he hoped it wbuld be by mutual arrangement, leaving the two; countries still confederated by that racial sympathy which would, on occasion, find expression in mutual co-operation for defence (hear, hear). . . ? t -Eboni's Ciectxs. This circus company were unable to' get to town for Friday night and they are to appear to-night (Saturday) on the reserve at the corner of Bourke and; Murray streets. . ; 