?iUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. :.= MELBOURNE, Feb. 4. Is the House of Represent tives to day the Speaker took the chair at half past 2 o'clck. Sir- P. Fysh (T.), in reply to Mr. Mahon (W.A.), said that he had no ob jection to laying on the table the papers in connection" with the transfer. of James Strachan, telegraph operator, from Colgardie to Euc.ia. If he de sired further papers beyond those pro duced they Could be seen at the de partment. The Minister for Customs, in reply to Mr. Poynton (S.A.), on behalf of Mr. Glynn (S.A.), said that the Customs Department did not charge duty ca jewelry passing between the States when it was among passengers' per s sonal effects, but the charges were made when jewelry was imported for the pur o poses of sale or repairs or other trade e purposes. Section 92 of the Ccnstitu tion Act applied to all goods imported before the inauguration of the uniform e duties. The State Act was not con g .sidered to affect the questican. The Customs Act of g19o did not contem d plate refunds in such cases, The House went into Committee 'of e Ways and Means on the tariff. The exemptions in division 6 were resumed. Mr. iPhillips (17.) moved that win nower forks (wood and steel) be placed upon the free list. This was agreed' to. Mr. Poynton moved that lochrin steel standards of all tlengths, and. pil s lars, patent steel droppers of all e lengths, and patent -wedgers for drop \- pers and standards be placed upon the r free list. He 'pointed out that in such fencing it -was a very important matter, s ' especially in treeless country. Mr: Thomson (N:S.W.) supported the motion: The Treasurer replied that machines were made in the Commonwealth. sA hon. member: Only iron ones. r These are steel. After some discussion the mcation was carried by 29 votes to 24. Sir M. McEacharn (V.) -inoed the ad dition to the free list of a long list of boot-making machine tools and ac cessories. The Treasurer said that a large pro po.tion of machines were already on the free list, and the remainder, the Government were informed, were made in the -Commonwealth. Sir M. McEacharn said that -that was not what he had been informed, but if the Treasurer would undertake, on finding that they were not made here. to put them on the free 4ist, he would vote with the Government. Mr. Page (Q.) said that he was going to vote with the Government, as he had been -misled on a -former.occasion. The motion was negatived by 25 votes to 2I. Mr. Phillips, on behalf of- Mr. Mc coll (V.) moved to add to the free list bollbw-ware, ý-iron,- coal boilers, camp ovens, digesters, kettles, - brazing, fry, waslin, preserving, sauce, and stew pans. Danish and French glue, oval, plumbers' stock, and three-legged pots, tea 'fountains, and gridirons. - Mr. J. Cook (N.S.Ku) opposed the motion. Mr. Wilks (N.S.W.) also spoke against the proposai, tpitting protec tionists with becoming freetraders on occasions. - The Minister for :Customs opposed the motion, stating that. these things were made in the CommonwealthL SAfter some further discusskin-the mo Lion was negatived. 'Mr. J. Cook moved to place on: the free list fleshing knives,. -working or scudding knives, curriers' shaving knives and blades, curriers' steels, curriers' steel whitening sleekers, cur riers' steel setting. eleekers, monpn knives, tanners' and -curriers' rub and clearing stones, rounding knives, lig 'num vitag, beamfaces- or beam bords, tanners' bark forks, tanners' scouringa stones, tanners' scudding stones; barkf mills, leather working machines and machine tools used in the manufacture of- leather, including hide; Sun-hairing, "fleshing, and scudding ma chines and parts, sole leather rolling machines and parts, scouring and set-i ting out machines and parts, splitting machirnes and parts, glassing, grain ing, and gazing machines and -parts, 1 brushing and blacking machines and parts, shaving machines and parts, and whitening machines and parts.. Mr. J. II. Cook (V.) opposed the mo tion, and pointed out -that ithe items were largely made in Victoria and t South Australia. Mr. J. Cook stated that the machines t made here were not so cheap as the imported. The firm of Pdllen and Co. had sold a machine in New South Wales for £200oo which people in -Vic toria had to pay £250 for. Mr. J. H. Cook said if that was cor- a rect it was somewhat strange. At. a | later stage he said he foUind that two / machines had been sold in New South Wales some years ago at a great reduc- a \-------- If- ticn, on the underStanding that the pur chaser should push the sale of the ma r. chine. b- Si4 W. McMillan (N.S.W.) supported rs + the proposal. of After an animated -debate, largely on r, outside subjects, the item was nega e- tived by z6 votes to 19. o- Sir . IVW McMillan moved for Mr. e- Conroy that machine belt fasteners and steam engine indicators be placed cnm ly the free list. r. The .aotion was agreed to. is Mr. Thomson moved to make free in tin and copper sheets, spurs, spur *s boxes; saddlers' tacks 'and nails, and r- gaEoway boiler- tubes. le This was agreed to. r- Mr. Page suggested that well bor le ing machines and casings be added, and 1- this was agreed to'. d Mr. Thomson moved that miners' n picks be free. 1- The Treasurer said they had 'taken e great trouble to inquire into. this mat 1- ter, and found that miners' picks were made at Ballarat. He did not know f that coal-miners' picks were made e there. 1\. After some further discussion -the º- voting was taken, showing 23 ayes and d 23 noee. The, Chairman voted with the noes, and the proposal was nega tived. SMr. Edwards moved that fire bri I- gades' appliances be exempted. Mr. Mauger, as an old fireman, said he knew that -those. appliances were made in the Commonwealth. Mr. Wilks thoughtithe articJes should be placed on the free list, as ,most of 3 the brigades were composed of volun teers. s Mr. Batchelor thought the mover should specify the machines expected to be made: free. He did not see any reason why special-consideration should . be shown to fire brigades. Mr. McDonald Patterson supported the proposal, f The motion was negatived "by 26 votes to 23. Mr. Fuller -moved that coke rams i and pushers -be on the free list. The Treasurer agreed to the -mo tion. Mr. Mauger moved to put a patent bottle machine on the free list. i Mr. Reid' and some of his party ridiculed the idea of freeing this ma chine, and said they cculd not see ivy foundries should niot have the advan- . t age of making them.' The Treasurer-. pointed- out that -the demand for the machines would be very. small. The motion was carried. Mr. Quick moved to free soap-cutt- - ing machines. .-After some discussion the proposal c was carried. - Mr. P. R. Edwards moved to place t punching machines on the free list. The proposal was negatived. - Chains were placed on the free list. e Mr. Conroy moved to place a num ber of printers' - requisites on the free l list. The motkmion was negatived. r Progress was- reported, and the t House adjourned at xi o'clock p.m. till ext ay. c MELBOURNE, Feb. 5. SIn the House of Represeuitatives to day the Speaker took.the chair at talf past 2.,- - : The.-ouse,-wean into Conmmittee of1 Ways and -Meals on the tariff; con tinuijg tie exemptions under division 6\. . Mr. J. Cook iN.S.W.) moved that b miners' forks or scoops, -wedges, miners' -picks and metal bound pick .handles be added to the free list. - Mr. Watkins (N.S.W:) pointed out d that "metal bound" was not required as a description, as very few of that kind would be imported. The coal Sminers,had to pay for their own tools, Iso that if the picks were taxed it would be directly against the coal miner. i After some discussion the motion was carried. Mr. S. Smith (N.S.W.) moved that all patent machinery, with respect to which a patent .exists, ie placed on the free list. ' He urged that it was very im portant that patent machines should be as cheap as possible. ci Mr. Mauger (V.) hoped that the com- f mittee would not seriously consider the advisability of supporting the motion, a as it would ca'use very much confusion in trade, and would be most unfair to the ironworkers' trade. t Mr. McCay (V.) also opposed the mp- a tion. Mr. Reid said, as this matter must m come up again, and as it was a very im portant one, he hoped the motion would 30 now be withdrawn. Mr. J. Coot said that, ais the Go vernment had agreed to recommit the Si division, that he would withdraw his motion for the present. to Th~e Minister for Customs said he had m only promised to recommit mining and Ca i'- electrical machinery, and. that item was a- withdrawn. Mr. Crouch (V.) moved to add to the ed free list..engine lathes, turret lathes, drilling. slotting, punching, shaping, )n sawing, grinding, milling, key-making, a- nut furnishing, tapping screwing,tooth or gear cutting, forging, nut-making, r. centring, punching, shearing, washer dl and measuring machines for metal m working, chucks and lathes, pneuma tic hammers, steam hammers and mill ing machines, and cutters. He in cluded a number of'. other machines, Ir but the Treasurer told him that they id were already exempt. Sir John Quick (V.). supported the exempting of centring machines as be ing quite in keeping with a consistent d protection. The Minister for Customs defended the policy of protecting machines which could be produced here, while letting in free those which were not made. Mr. Edwards (Q.) moved to add to e the list the machine for the making w and closing of cans used in packing and e preserving meat, fish, milk, fruit, and vegetables. This was an American e up-to-date.machine, which it was neces d sary to preserve, and to place on a h level with the same class in other parts . of the world. After a further debate, in which the i- Opposition pleaded hard for the freeing of up-to-date machines, Mr. Reid com d plained that in consequence of two Min isters of different temperaments hiving e the conduct of the tariff 'their guiding principles in debates were not d always the same. f The Minister for Customs contended Sthat the practice had been quite con sistent.' r The items were pitt separately. En I gine lathes were carried by 28 votes to y 22. Engine lathes were added to the free list by 28 votes to 22. I The reainin'r items on the list were placed on the free list; also wood 5 working- and .machine tools, as fol lows: - Sawing, joining, planing, s moulding, surfacing, :tenoning, tongu ing, and grooving, trying up, sand papers, dovetailing, mortising, boring, saw sharpening, r+unding, saw, braz t ing, spoke-malking, and ~whedelwright ing lathes, and copying lathes. . Sir M. McEacharn (V.) moved to put on the free.-list bootmaking, fining, and cropping tools, engravers' ellipo graphs and .incs, guillotines, cngra vers to:ds for .process work, rotary planing machines, and rotary bevellers. This was carried. Mr. Willis (N.S.W.) moved to put on the free list a number of small articles such as latches gate fittings, screw books. etc., and machines used ex clusively by viticulturists. The motion was negatiVed by 32 votes' to 23.. Screw hot-&sd; eyes, and rings, car riage bolts (3in. in diameter) were ex empted. . Mr. Willis moved that bedsteads and materials and entire parts thereof be made free, but the motion was nega tived. Mr. Willis moved .to-make free maize ciushers :and huskers, strippers, maize harvesters, and binders. The motion was agreed to. Mr. Edwards' motion, that machines fcr pnaking and closing cans, used ..for' ·caining fish, fruit, butter. miik, and - vegetables was agreed to. Sir W. McMillan moved, the exemp tion of a piant machineL for. cuttia? tim ber and a cold tyre setting machine. The. motion was carried. Mr. Wilkinson moved to add to- the free list ga.bage destroyers, and after a short debate the motion was with drawn and left to the Government. Mr. Watkins moved to add to the ex Iemptions' superfining retorts, and the motion was agreed to. Mr. Watkins' moved to make free wheels and ailes "for coal trucks, as by letting them in free a-good deal of-mork in making up would be given in the Commonwealth. The Treasurer qromised to cnquire into the matter, and the motion was withdrawn. Mr. C-tok (N.S.W.) moved that stone crushing machines he placed on the free list. Mr. Mattuxger opposed the motion, as a very good machine was made here. It was negatived by 27 votes to I . Turbihes, sthaam and water, were add ed to the free Ilist, also arms, including cadet rifles. The committee then proceeded for mally to excise, Progress was report ed, and the House at half-past io ad journed till next day. MIELBOURNE, Feb. 6. In the House of Representatives the Speaker took the chair at half-past 2. The Minister for Customs, reptying to Mr. R. Edwards (Q.), said that the motion carried, as moved by Mr. Crouch (VT,), re freizing machinery, on the previous day, would result in shear ing machinery being treated in the same way. The Minister for Home Affairs, in re ply to Mr. Thomas (N.S.W.), could not state for a certainty that the South nus tralian Government would stop prefer ential rates on their railways after Feb ruary r. The Minister for Public works had informed him that the matter had been sent to the Commissioner for report. The House then went into Commit tee of Ways and Means to consider the tariff and excise. . On the item, ale, porter, .ad other beer (containing not less than 2 per. cent. of proof spirits),' 3d per galion, iMr. McColl (V.) moved to make the duty on pure malt and hops beer 0i/d per gallon. He pointed out that .sugar beer, now largely made, was injurious to health. and that yearly there. was a falling off in the consumption cif malt and hops beer, which was being made up of adulterants. Mr. Glynn (S.A.) supported the mo tion as being in the right direction, for they should see that people who drank beer got what was pure. The Minister for Customs said that, while it was desirabie to assist in the vending of healthy drink, there was the important question of revenue involved. All that he could offer was a comnro mise of 2d on pure malt and hops beer, and 3d on sugar beer. Those were the rates under the Victorian tariff, but the change made some years ago had not resulted in much of an increase in the use of malt beer. Mr. Watscn (N.S.W.) opposed tie motion, and said that at least 90 per cent. of those whom he had asked had favored sugar beer. He denied that sugar beer ingredients were injurious to the health. Mr. Salmon (V.) defended the prc posal, and said that the fact of the un healthy character of sugar beer was well established. He supported the motion as a desirable one. V In the discussion which followed, Mr. ¶Page (Q.) made a strong speech, and denounced the beer produced generally in Melbourne. quoting from the "'Brew ers' Journal," advertisements of the number of adulterants made in Ger many. Some were highly recommen ded as cre-'ers of thirst in the breast ot the beer drinker. He also read a copy of a circular sent to the brewers in Queensland, ,stating that the adul terants could be sent to them as sun dlries. (Laughter.) He would hand the circular to the Minister fcr Cus itoms, but he quoted the advertisement in reply to statements -that the brewers did not use adulterants. He was sorry that it was not proposed to make pure beer free. Mr. O'Malley (T.) supported the com promise offered by the Government. Mr. Kennedy (V.) would have liked to see a prohibitive duty put on the im rporting ocf substitutes used for malt and hops. Sir M. McEacharn (V.) opposed the motion and the Government compro minse. Mr. Reid -(N.S.W.) expressed sur prise at the ease with which the" Go vernment gave way to ce of its sup porters. If a similar concession had been requested elsewhere it would have. *been very differently received. Mr. McColl said that le would ac cept the offer of the` Government, and the rate was fixed for malt and hops beer at 2d per gallon. On the items spirits, wholly from grape wine, barley, malt, molasses, or maize, xis per gallon, n.e.i., 12s 6d; ,.or fortifying Australian wine or mak ing vinegar, is per gallon; methylated tpirits, 6d per gallen. Mr. Reid suggested that ithe revenue was a matter of such -importance that the Government should oppose any re duction of excise. He thought, how ever, that inistead of the manner in which it was. proposed by the Govern ment, it would be well to take a vote for making the excise all round 13s. Sir Jno. Quick (V.) mpoved to make SIrs apply to spirits distilled from grape wine alone, and that the duty on spirits from barley, malt, molasses, and maize shbuld be increased from irs to 12s. Mr. Reid asked Sir Jno. Quick to withdraw his motion to allow him to test the feeling of the committee as to making the rate all around i3s. Sir Jno. Quick's motion was then temporarily withdrawn. Mr. Watscn (N.S.W.), speaking of local distillation, opposed a large han dicap in favor of the manufacturer, and said that there was no grape spirit for sale in the Commonwealth. The Minister for Customs said that he would produce some for inspection of the members. An Hon. Member: You can buy it for gs gd a bottle. Mr. Thcomson (N.S.W,) spobke in favor of the import duty and the ex ?cue duty being the same. Alter a further discussion Mr. Reid's amendment to strike out grape wine, which was intended to test the ques-l tion Whether the committee was in fa vor, of. differentiating between that spi rit and other spirits, was negatived by 31i votes to 17. Mr.Watson moved that wine spirit be 12S. The Treasurer stated- that the Go vernment was prepared to adopt the proposal of the hon. member for Ben-, digo to fix x2s. as the excise on grape spirit and to place x2s. on spirit dis tilled from barley, malt, molasses, or maize. He could not see the justice of the suggestion of Mr. Reid that the im port duty and the excise should be the same. Mr. Watson's amendment to raise the excise on wine spirit to 12s. was negatived by 29 votes to 27. Sir W. McMillan (N.S.W.) moved that 13s. be the excise on the remain der. The motion was put, and the result' of the division was 27 votes to 27. AMr. McDonald (Q.) said that the re sult was brought about by the manipu lation of the- Government whip.in pair ing M?r." Brown (N.S.W.) with Mr. Page (Q.), who was absent, but was voting this time with the Government. Mr. Chapman (N.S.W.) complained of the suggestion, and after a small scene, in which the member for, Ken nedy threatened to ventilate his griev ance by a motion of privilege, the pair ing was explained satisfactorily. The Treasurer said that as the divis ion had been close And the Government did not ,wish the Chairman of Commit tees -tobe called upon to decide the mat ter by his vote,they would agree to make this 12s 6d and raise n.e.i to 13s5 Si W. 'McMillan accepted those rates and the item was passed. Spirits for the purification of wine, I 125 per gallon, was passed. Merhylated spirits, 6d per gallbn, was passed. On sugar, 3s per cwt. manufactured until January z, 0oo7, less rebate of 4s per ton to growers from July x, 1902\. where only white labor was em ployed, Mr. McColl moved a provision that the rebate be applied to sugar beet under the same conditions. Mr. Fisher (Q.) supported the pro posal. Mr. Edwards (N.S.W.) objected to such a burden being pet upon the 'pub-' lic respecting an article so much in use as sugar. The Minister for Customs, thought that they could not change the' pre sent conditions, as legislation of an important character had been passed on them. Mr. Watson was glad that the Go vernment intended to stick to its first proposals, on which the Kanaka Act was founded. - He believed it fair to' the people- of Queensland, and hoped it would not be departed from. Mr. Conroy (N.S.W.) at some length .opposed the proposal. Progress was reported, and the House adjourned at 10.4o till next day. MELBOURNE, Feb. 7. In the House of Representatives to day the Speaker took the chair at half past 2. The Prime Minister told Sir John Quick (V.) that there was no intention to charge the; Imperial Government 3 per cent. on advances made with refer ence to the contingent. (Hear, hear.) The :tariff was further considered in, -committee of ways and means. - Sir Wim. McMillan (N.S.W.) propos ed that the question of beet .sugar be oonsidered before thie committee adopt ed a rebate to be granted to cane sugar growers. The Minister "for Customs -suggested that the matter be dealt with by a mo tion to confine the rebate to cane sugar. Mr. Brown (N.S.W.) did not like the Government proposal, but would like to see the rebate abolished altogether. Mr. Glyin (S.A.) urged that it was most unfair to the taxpayer to provide excise. Should it cease at January x, 1Q07, it wouldd mean the sweeping away of a very large' portion of revenue. If it was to be abolished it should be abolished now. He moved to omit the words "providing for abolishing the re bate payment on January z, 1907. Mr. Conroy (N.S.W.) opposed the re bate payment to be made. He would have opposed the excise, but he knew that the revenue was a necessity. "Mr. Reid moved that the date of the stoppage of the excise be not inserted. Parliament would feel lbound to keep up the excise and pay' the rebate ,till 1907, but at that time it might be found very convenient to the Common wealth to have this source of revenue. Mr. R. Edwaras (Q.) claimied that the rebate should be 6s., instead of 4s. The Minister for Customs said that this was a most important matter to Queensland, and, considering how she had come into the Federation without having had-a hand in the frataing of the Constitution) she was entitled to the carrnying out of the proposals to the full. He thought it could ye proved there was a clear idea that these impo sitions were considered as depend:ing on the Kanaka Act. He quoted from a speech of the Premier on the Kanakaj Bill to show that this was so. Sir Wim. McMillan supplorted the amendment of Mr. Glynn. He consi dered that the question was one of re venue, and it was wrong to make a bar gain that the excise be abolished in 1907. Mr. Salmon (V.) supported the Go vernment proposal. Mr. V. Solomon' (S.A.) argued very strongly against ,the rebate proposed to be given to growers, and said that he would strike this out. He denied that any compact had been made for the giving of a rebate. Mr Glynn pointed out that the Prime Minister had argued as to the neces sity- for limiting as much as possible the imposition of import duty, and surely the case was stronger for limit Iing the rebate. Mr. Thomson (N.S.W.) agreed with the view of Mr. Reid as to there being an implied contract in reference to the imposition. The amendment was negatived by 33 votes to 14. Progress was then reported. The Prime Minister moved that the House adjourn till Tuesday at 2.30, and stated that he would be able to ab stain from asking members to meet on Monday,. because better progress had been made during the week. Mr. Reid said that the previous delay was not blamable on the Opposition, and felt that he must congratulate the Ministers on their changed conduct. The motion was agreed to. Mr. Watson called attention to a re port that Hindoos and other Asiatics were being passed through 'England, and allowed to land in W.A. In con wsequence, he asdbk;? what policy the Government intended to pursue with regard to educated Asiatics, who were more dangerous than the uneducated.. The Prime Minister said that with reference to this matter they could judge of the working of the Alien Im migration Restriction Bill by looking at the number who presented them selves as compared with the numbers before the Act. A good deal depended on its admini:tration, and in two or three cases officers had been censured for improper action. He would ask the Minister for Customs to make fresh ar rangements amongst the officers. (Hear, hear.) The fact of 2oo persons being. able to pass the test did not prove anything. - The House then adjourned till Tues day. 