SUMMARY \- -J There is a widespread belief in England that peace is practically assured. Mr. F. B. Aile», director of the Thames Schcol of Mines, New Zealand, has been selected to fill thc position of director of the West Australian School of Mines. The Miners' International Congress, which is sitting at Dusseldorf, in Prussia, has carried a resolution in favour of an eight hours day. The Miners' International Conference, now in session at Dusseldorf, in Prussia, has carried a resolution in favour of an eight hours day. M. Lc Roy Boileau has protested against France's intention to retire from Lake Chad, in Central Africa. Fifty commissions in the Army are to be provided yearly for students from the colonies, and one hundred for University candidates. The steamer Deptford, which went ashore recently at Las Palmas, in the Canary Islands, has been broken in halves by a gale. The intelligence received from Mr. Nanson that Dr. Moffitt had accepted the position of Resident Magistrate, has been well received at Northampton. The thanks of the district are due to the Go- vernment and the member for the prompt attention given to a pressing ne- cessity. A miner, named Alfred Watts, was killed by a fall of earth ia the Persever- ance gold mine, at Boulder, on Thursday night, May 22. The Acting-Premier of New Zealand (Sir Joseph Ward) urges that New Zea- land should have in London a highly-paid representative, with, a seat in the House of Commons, and that she should also be represented in the House of Lords by one of her leading Judges. Adelaide people have commenced a strong movement for the purpose of cele- brating the Coronation of King Edward VU. At a public meeting in Adelaide on May 23, expressions of regret at the re- signation of Lord Hopetoun were voiced by the Governor of South Australia, the Premjcr of South Australia, and the Mayor of Adelaide. Out of 40 coloured immigrants who endeavoured to enter the Commonwealth during last month, not one succeeded in passing the educational test to which they were required to subject themselves. The 40 were, iu consequence, refused ad- mission. The Bank of New South Wales has de- clared a half-yearly dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum. The New South Wales Government has floated a £3,000,000 3 per cent, loan m Loudon at The Central Board of Health have di- rected that Cremorne Theatre, in Mur- ray-street, shall be closed, tho Board's order that certain improvements should be effected to the building not having been carried out. The following cable message from the Premier, Mr. É. Seddon, was received in Wellington : -"Johannesburg, Thurs- day.-South Island Battalion of Tenth Contingent had better hurry up or it will be too late.' The small-pox epidemic in London is abating. Mr. Hay, the United States Secretary ; of State, proposes to extend the time for i thc ratification of the agreement for the j purchase of the Danish West Indies for 12 months. In the second volume of the "History j of the South African War," which is be- ing published by tho "Times," General Buller is strongly condemned. The con- j fusion of the military administration is ! also strongly animadverted upon. I An extremely powerful cominiitea ii Loudon has organised a achome for cn I tertainiug the Colonial and Indiai troops who will be in England during tb« Coruation ceremonies. A cash box, stated to contain £100 was stolen from the premises of Saunder and Nathan, tobacconists, of Banach street, on Saturday night. A womat named Alice Elms has been arrested or suspicion of being concerned in the af fair. Lord Rosebery, addressing a meeting of the National Liberal Club, declared that the declaration cf peace would bc only the beginning of the pacification pe- riod, which would require patience and statesmanship. Four hundred and twenty tons ol stone from the Golden Pole mine a< Davyhurst have yielded l,239oz. of gold, On Monday morning Messrs W. and H. Legg's four-roomed weatherboard house, situated in King-street, Boulder, was totally destroyed by fire. In No. I Court on Monday Mr. Justice Moorhead found a verdict for thc plain- tiff for £142 10s., with costs, in the case in which J. Cocks sued G. T. Davis for £285 commission on the sale of the Royal Hotel at Mount Morgans. The troopship St. Andrew left Port Adelaide for South Africa on Monday. Th© first sitting of the Eastern Gold- fields Circuit Court will take place about thc middle of Juno next. Mr. Seddon hopes to see thev South African blockhouses converted into creameries and butteries. Tile deserted town of Bass Pointe, on the island of Martinique, has been com- pletely destroyed by lava from Mount Pelee. Edward Punch, tho second victim to the latest outbreak of plague at Fre- mantle, died early on Monday morning. Fifteen divorce cases were dealt with in Sydney on Monday, and seven were dealt with, in Melbourne. A committee representing a portion of the inhabitants or New York have resol- ved to present to the Kaiser a statue of George Washington. A serious state of affairs is said to exist in connection with a firm of drug- gists in Christchurch. The firm in ques- tion has been paying commissions to me- dical men, with the result that it has been charged with being unable to dis- pense prescriptions honestly. Tho State Parliament, which was re- cently prorogued till June 18. has been further prorogued until after the Corona- tion festivities. Mr. Nanson, M.L.A., the Leader of the Opposition, addressed a public meeting in Queen's Hall an Tuesday, under the Pre- sidency of Mr. W. T. Loton, M.L.C., Mayor of Perth. Regarding social legislation, Mr. Nan- son favoured old age pensions, amend- ment of the early closing laws, probably in the form of a Factories Act; the amendment of tho liquor laws, and other matters of interest. The Chief Justice will visit Kalgoorlie about the middle of .Juno, to open and preside at the first sitting of the Eastern Goldfields Circuit Court. A writer in the London "Daily News" argues that Australia ought to offer £29,000,000 and Canada £34,000,000 to- wards the cost of tho war, which is plac- ed at £238,000,000. Recent earthquakes have destroyed eight cities in Guatemala, killing thou eauds of people. Speaking at Pretoria, Mr. Seddon, the Premier of New Zealand, recommended South Africa to adopt New Zealand laws. At Capetown, Mr. Seddon said he felt that peace was not far away. He" advo- cated the adoption by the colonies of a I policy of "an open door for British pro- ducts." The St. Vincent Relief Fund which has been opened by the Lord Mayor of Lon- don has reached £43,000. Tho general elections for tho Belgian Chamber of Deputies have resulted in the return of a majority of 20 for the Clerical Party, showing a gain of two seats. General Chalice, who was directed by the United States Government to inquire into tho charges of barbarous conduct made against the American troops in the Philippines, considers that Major Wal- ler was wrongly acquitted, though Iiis mental condition justified a verdict that he was not guilty of murder. Severe fighting is reported from Mo- cha, in Arabia, where the Yemen rebels annihilated a Turkish battalion, captur- ing the Governor. A Northam deputation waited on the Minister for Lands last week to ask that a bridge might be erected over the Avon River at Spencer's Br »)k. The approach to the bridge will require the purchase of certain private property. Mr. W. T. Loton, owner of one of the pieces of land in question, said he would submit a written offer for that portion of his pro- perty which would be required. I In the Supreme Court last week, the I appeal in the case Dodd v. Minister for Lauds was dismissed. In the case of Beasley v. Donohue, the conviction against the applicant was ordered to stand. An order for a new trial was made in the appeal of A. Dixon against T. Caporn. . In the No. I Supreme Court on Wed- nesday, before Mr. Justice Moorhead and a jury of six, Charlotte,Blakè. a nurse, sued Edward Howard, grocer, Perth, for alleged breach af promise of marriage, the plaintiff claiming £600 damages. The case was not concluded when the Court ajourned. Mr. T. C. Hodgson, the Engineer in charge of the Coolgardie goldfields water supply scheme, has been suspended by ti e Minister for Works. It is believed that Mr. Hodgson will ask for an inquiry into his case. - President Roosevelt has offered an. American warship to bring the remains of Lord Pauncefcte to England. A writ hat boon issued for an election at Claremont. Wednesday) June ll, be- ing fix«! <¡s polling day. Mr. H. Williams, of Kalgoorlie, has been appointed nn.nager of the newly-» formed Government Advertising Depart» ment, at a salary of £350 a year. At a recent meeting of the Trades and Labour Council it was decided that as the contract for dressing the stone portion: of the Fallen Soldiers Jfemorial had been let in Sydney the authorities should ho asked to guard against any attempt to introduce the stonework into the State free of duty as a work of art. The ''Daily Express" reports that Lord Kitchener will shortly be appointed Ad- jutant-General at thc'War Office. The Loudon aiiu Globe Finance Cor- poration (it is stated by the "Express") are suing a firm of stockbrokers for £1,000,000 damages. The action is said to be connected with certain transactions in Lake View Consols shares. H.3Í.S. Recruit, a torpedo boat dc» stroycr, struok a rock off the Cornish, coast and sank. She was subsequent^ re-floated,.and towed to Penzance. The anthracite miners, who are on. strike in Pennsylvania, threaten to »top thc pumping of the pits. Count Tolstoi, the eminant Russian no- velist and social reformer, is reporced to be dying. A severe outbreak of enteric fever, which is chiefly confined to the troops, has occurred at St. Helena. In Parliamentary circles in England the belief is entertained that the vital terms of peace have been settled, and' that the Government is unwilling tc* make any official announcement until peace has been definitely concluded. Speaking at Capetown, Mr. Seddon, the Premier of New Zealand, said that the colonies must help the motherland to bear the burden oí maintaining her su- premacy on the seas. The Central Board of Health hos caused Cremorne Theatre to be closed, pending the carrying out of certain al- terations deemed to die necessary. General satisfaction bas been expressed at Nannine with tho site that has been selected for a railway station here. Th© site is at the south-east corner of th» town, and convenient to Ailon-strcet. The earthworks of the line are now with- in a mile of thc town. Thc laud market has considerably enlivened owing to tho proximity of the railway works. Several blocks have changed hands at satisfactory figures. Several new buildings and im- provements are in course of progress. An effort will be made shortly to se- cure a direct mail service between Nan- nine and Lake Way. This wouid effect a saving of two days in the transit of the mails from Perth to Wiluna when the railway has been completed to Nannine, as against the present circuitous route via Magnet rnd Lawlers. Mr. Seddon, tho Premier of New Zea- land, speaking at a luncheon given in h'm honour at Capetown, said that the colo- nies must help tho Motherland to bear the burden of maintaining her supremacy on the seas. The Russian Treasury are paying the landlords at Kharkoif and Poltava 800,000 roubles to compensate them for the losses they sustained during the re- cent rioting by peasants. . The resolutions passed by rho State Premiers at the Conference recently held, havo been remitted to the Acting Prime Minister by Mr. See. Mr. Dea- kin has forwarded the resolutions, con- cerning each of tho Federal Depart- ments, to the Minister concerned, and the latter will report upou the sug- gestions made by the Premiers, and tho whole of them will subsequently be con- sidered by the Cabinet. Negotiations are now proceeding be- tween the Eastern Extension Company and the Pacific Cable Board w » h the cb. ject of arriving at some joint purse or pooling arrangement. The Right Rev. Dr. Winningtou-Iugi ram, the Bishop of London, has informed the clergy in his diocese that he will de- cline to attend churches using incense, or . where the general rules for the adminis- tration of the Sacrament are not ob- served. George Wm. Painton, a guard in the employ of the Menzies-Leonora Con- struction Branch of the Railway Depart- ment, has been arrested on a charge of having stolen four sides of bacQn. It ls* alleged that Painton sold tb.e bacon to « boardinghouse-keeper at the 42-Mile Siding instead of taking it to Malcolm, to which station it was con6ignedt 1 Considerable feeling is developing afc' Boulder over the removal of Constable Hoy. after that constable had been coiur plimented by the Board that recently orT quired into the working of the local divi- sion of the police force. Terrible disasters are reported from tho Republic of Guatemala, in Central America, as the result of recent earth- quakes. \ Mr. J. Pierpont Morgan has given the Hamburg-American and North German. Lloyd Companies a partial guarantee in- tended to assure the steady payment bf a Ö per cent, dividend. The companies on their part agree to submit to certain restrictions in trade. Signor. Prinetti, the Italian .Ministen for Foreign Affairs, has declared t^afc the Triple Alliance between Germany* Austria, and. Italy, will be renewed at the proper time, although owing ÍO Italy's agreement with France in regard to the Mediterranean, the Alliance liad lost a good deal of its weight. Tho colony of Natal, instead of offering to provide a croiser for the Imperial Navy, as was originally intended, has, in- stead, offered to contribute £35 .COO an- nually towards the naval expenditure of i the Einnira 