[?] , Tho Noiv. Zealand Parliaraeutory commit tee wliioh liaA beeir mqiuring iiito the ixwi- tiori of tho frozen meat ' trad o ro por ta tiiat the ohiof evil in connection With the sale of frozen nioat in London, aiid otJier mar kets of tlio United ICingdom appears to bo that it ib Within tlie powor of individual owners, saleaihbri, or agciits to wcokeh and cause a decided slump iff the market through plneing'q'iiantitiehofinufctoiiorlambhpon it at inopportune tihics, and 'at loss ; thaii tlio current rateW. ' The trade Would never bo on a sound footing until a. central board is appointed in London . witli 'noweV to 'fix : tho price from day to day, and tlius regul ate and contiol sales;- Tlie question of Go vernment assistance to the industry: $hoixld in the opinion of the committee, bo consi dered by a Royal Commission, Tho production of butter, in Victoria is in creasing, but it is. still considerably below what it was at the corresponding time last vear. The difference is . principally .duo to tlie northern nntl North-Eastern, districts, and slightly to the "Western district, but Gippslond is doing woll. No definite ar rangements have yet been iiwido for tho connnoncemont of sliipmenta to London. Tho eitrlicst jiossible (late would be October 21, but .whether the ' Arcadiii, which will leave on that date, will 'take any huttor cannot bo stated. Very 'much xvlll depend ujxin tlio demand for other Stiitos and for South Africa tis'tliO' market declines. Vegetable butter, or "cocoline," lias for pome yeare past been manufactured in tlio uiutea ivmguom, ana aiso at, inarseiiies, in a form adapted for.'iiso bv bakers, whole sale .confectioners, biscuit bakers, and olio cclato manufacturers. .. It. is a pure: and nourishing vegetable oil, white in color, and very palatable. "Hitherto,!' writes the British consul at Marseilles, "the quality made hero could not bo used as. a substitute for table butter, oxying to the fact that it. would melt at a temperature of 25deg. C.- It was preserveil and shipped te the Uiiited Kingdom in barrels, and, like a similar product made in tho United Kingdom, was used there wholesale. , My notes on tlie subject Inst year wore wrilten'sololy to draw attention to a now departure on the port of a Marseilles firm. This firm, having suc ceeded in preparing a cocoanut oil that would remain 'solid up to 31deg 0-, began to setl it 'as a substitute for butter for tlie breakfast table, but , under the namo of vegetal mo. it is cms nexv rorm ot cocoa- nut oil tliat is being placed on the British market through a Glasgow and London firm. Tho publicity given to my remarks has resulted in bringing an increased num ber of orders to the Marseilles firm., I an i told tliat tlio reason why the United King dom cannot compete with Marseilles- on even terms is that the alcohol at a high . strength required in the process of f reczing tho oil of all color aiid taste cannot bo used in tlie United Kingdom as "it is in France, except duty. paid,, although not a particle of tlie spirit remains in the result ing product." The feature of the Danish Agricultural Congress at Odenseo was the butter exhi bition, which was not only the largest ever seen in Denmark; but in the whole world. Of the 718 exhibitors who entered 675 were co-operative creameries. These 675 cream eries represented 100,000 Danish agricul turists, who thus showed their products in directly. Tho quality ' o-f the butter Was very high, as was evidenced by the fact tliat 76; per cent, of the .exhibits .wore awarded prizes. Tho State .inspector reported that tlie greater number of, butters , passed over left very little to be desired. . There can be no doubt that the superior duality of the butter' was duo in great measure to the high, pasteurisation of thi crean as well as, to the use of lactic ferments. : For some time, post the Argentine farm- ' ers have been tiying to establish an export butter trade, and it now looks as if they have succeeded. The shipment .of butter from that countiy for the first three months of the present year falls not far short of 1000 tons, which is almost double ilie cor- respondng quantity of a year ago. The ex pansion of this trade needs to be carefully watched 1>3' Australiasian butter-farmers, to whom the Argentine dairy farmers may in time become strong rivals upon the Bri- tish markets. Australasia and Argentina, being both south of the equator, their but ter seasons are tlie same, whilst the latter is only half as far from England as the form er. Those who are most intimat ely . acquainted with the agricultural possibilities of Wes tern. Canada, state that, there, is an area 'of 200,000,000 acres of excellent laiid ava ib able for wheat production. -.Hoyr readily the present area undier wlieat will expand is merely a question of population. The immigration records sJiow, howeVor, nil ever-increasing ratio. For the .-".'present .year the iminigratio.ivisstimated "'.at 60,000 ws,'.,00;bf wli$m ylillLciy come from rth'e ; Uhi ted?$tates; ':f; j;' V' _ It is stated that the Russian GoVemment intend , to crant a, sum of almnt. -feiftn nnn per annulu for five years for the 'purchase of. foreign live stock. It- seems likely that tlie bulk of the Orders for 'bulls will go to Denmark, as the Danish Ministry 'of Agri- ciilturo is doing ail it- can to Create a market abroad' for tlie Fionian and jilt- land, cattle and the agents of .tlie . Russian qunenii jliaarel datel|vy|l«l -Denmark oil a our of iiispection. " ' i> 