Books Worth Beading. OR TALKED ABOUT. This week the additions to the various book selling establishments and libraries are more noteworthy than for some time past. The "dull" season in London is evidently over. The three hooks which came to hand most likely to attract the greatest amount of attention are a colonial edition of Frankfort Moore's "A Nest of Linnets"; "The Apostles of the South East," by F. T. Bullen; and S. H. Gilbert's "Rhodesia and After." Maxwell's "With the Ophir Round the Empire" also calls for more than passing notice. "A Nest of Linnets," by Frankfort Moore, which proved very popular in the expensive edition, is a mixture of romance and history. Such immortal persons as Dick Sheridan, Dr. Johnson, Horace Walpole, Garrick, and Both well flit through its pages, and help to give well sustained interest to the story. Mr. Moore is lavish in the matter of stirring episodes, and the book deserves a host of readers, who can depend upon entire satisfaction. In tbe "Apostles of the South-East" Mr. Bullen presents a picture of a phase of London life "that is not very widely understood, or, indeed, real- ised." This is an extract from the preface, wherein the author further remarks, "The Apostles of the South-East" have been drawn from real characters, only the usual literary license being taken with them." "Due allow ance," he adds, "must be made for the difficulty of dealing with living characters, especially when belonging to a class that is keenly sensitive to any remarks that it construes as ridicule." There are several really good characters. Jemmy Maskery, the respectable sweep of Lupin street, and Saul Andrews, the stalwart Christian sailor—who, according to the preface, it has been suggested, was intended to represent the writer, which Mr. Bullen disclaims—are perhaps two of the most interesting. This little extract will show the ways of "Jemmy," and give an idea of the work of the "Apostlos of the South-East":— Brethering an' Sisters, th' Lawd 'as done great things fer 'as about our 'all. I want ye t' s'port me now in goin' forward an' securin' th' place afore somebody else snaps it up. I ain't much of a business man, as ye know, but I knows enough to feel shore 'at a place like that there in the neighborwoed ain't agoin' beggin' long. I've got the first 'arf year's rent 'ere (producing it), an' I ain't even 'ad t' ask for it. An' I'm shore 'at th' Lawd's ag-oin' to do more'n ever we expect about it. We sh'll 'ave t' work, of course. Our Father don't want any lazy children, an' 'e 'ain't got 'em, bless 'is 'oly Name, in this mission. Now wot I arsks is this: You let me, in the name of th' Church, go an' take th' place (referring to an old cowshed), and then promise, each one of ye, t' be a shillin' a week to'rds the rent, 'sides wot you've alwus bin willin' t' give as y' could afford it. As fur wot it 'll want doin' to, well, we're none of us afraid of 'ard work, and I perpose 'at we do wots wanted with our own 'ands, only spendin' wot's neces- sary t' buy materials. In reply, Saul Andrews spoke first. He said: Brothers an' Sisters,—I'm only a child among ye, but I feels very grateful fur wot the Lord 'as let ye do for me. I got a big ship t'-day fur a colonial voy'ge as bo'sun, ar,' th' wages is £4 10s a month. As most of ye know, I ain't got a soul in th' world but myself to pervide for, an' I'll leave my 'arf-pay, £2 5s a month, fur this voy'ge, anyhow. I'm shore it'll be the 'appiest voy'ge I ever made. Use the £2 a month fur necessary expenses, and the 5s fur mv conterbution to the rent. Gawd bless th' Wren Lone Mission 'all. The book is a graphic picture of the difficulties, the dangers, and the triumphs attendant upon the labors of a humble and little-known class of Christian workers. "With the Ophir Round the Empire," by Wil- liam Maxwell, special correspondent of the Lon- don "Standard," is a plain, unvarnished, but nevertheless interesting story of tbe trip of the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York. The book is a record "not of ceremonies, but of im- pressions and incidents, and is made in the hope of interesting rather than instructing those who have felt the inspiration of that racial and im- perial pride which has come upon the people of Greater Britain in these later days." That is from the announcement. In the course of his writing Mr. Maxwell says:—"Nature has been very good to Sydney. She has given her a harbor to be a source of wealth and a joy for ever. Her narrow, crowded streets lead everywhere to gar- dens and parks, to wide moorlands, and sunny coves, and golden sands, lapped by the blue waters of the Pacific." Of Melbourne Mr. Max- well says:—"It is a marvellous city. Its broad streets, its lofty and magnificent buildings, and, above all, the active, strenuous life of its citi- zens might lead you to imagine that it had cen- turies of history. Yet only 60 years have passed since the famous Tasmanian bushmau, John Batman, bought for a few blankets, knives, and looking-glasses, 600,000 acres and fixed upon Port Phillip as 'the place for a village.' " In this same chatty manner, the writer deals with the various places visited, and the book has the inestimable characteristic of never being preachy. Copies of these two books were received from Dymock's Book Arcade. As a brisk and stirring narrative of expert- ences in the field. Mr. S. H. Gilbert's "Rhodesia and After" (Simpkin, Marshall) could not "be sur- passed. He tells the story of the 17th and 18th Battalions of Yeomanry, who served in Rhodesia and in Cape Colony against the invaders. Some of the facts brought to light deserves careful attention. By whose orders, for example, were green troops encamped in a fever-haunted swamp such as Bamboo Creek—the "white man's grave," as it was not inappropriately named? The writer fell into the hands of Commandant Scheepers by one of the chances of war, and gives of that sanguinary Boer a not unfavorable account. "Scheepers himself," he says, "was a far superior man to the rest. He was quite gentlemanly in any intercourse he had with us. . . . . He was dressed in a neat navy blue suit with puttee leg- gings. . . . Had a light moustache but clean- shaven chin, and wore a dark grey sombrero." This is a book to be recommended. "Old Time Gardens," beautifully illustrated, also named "A Book of the Sweet o' the Year," by A. M. Earle, is another interesting addition to works of this class. "Lamach," the founder of evolution, his life and work, etc., by A. S. Pack- ard, D.D., LLD., is one of the sterner sort of books which only an enthusiast dare tackle. In "School and Sea Days," by A. Oscar, there are fine and stirring sea yarns, and those who wish to dive back to the romantic days of the first Cru- saders should read W. S. Davis' "God Wills It." R. Masson'a "In Our Town" is a slashing story of Edinburgh, one of the most glorious cities of the world, and "Tregarthen's "Wife," by F. W. White, is, as the title implies, one of those de- lightful Cornish stories. Among other books wor- thy of attention are E. W. Peattie's "The Belea- guered Forest," V. Tweedale's "Her Grace's Se- cret," C. Coleridge's "The Winds of Gathrigg," and E. Wallace's "Unofficial Despatches, a war book, by the author of "Writ in Barracks." Among the technical books to hand by the la- test mail are "Wisden'a Cricketers' Almanac for 1902," W. R. Cooper's "Primary Batteries," a new volume of the Electrician series; a new edition of Rideal's "Water and its Purification," and F. Wood's "Practical Sanitary Engineering." "What Great Men have said of Great Men," a dictionary of quotations, by W. Wale, is a most useful work. "The Making of an American," by J. A. Ria, should be widely read. It tells the reader how by successive stages a Danish immi- grant became a valuable and patriotic American citizen. It is a worthy addition to the history of New York. Here is an extract, which breathes the character and purpose of the book:— Speaking of night-sticks reminds me of seeing General Grant in his to my mind greatest hour, the only time he was ever beaten, and by a policeman. I told his son, Fred Grant, of it when he became a Police Com- missioner in the nineties, but I do not think he ap- preciated it. He was not cast in his great father's mould. The occasion I refer to was after the General's second term in the Presidency. He was staying at the Fifth Avenue Hotel, when one morning the Masonic Temple was burned. The fire line was drawn half way down the block towards Fifth Avenue, but the police were much ham- pered by the crowd, and were out of patience, when I, standing by, saw a man in a great ulster with head buried deep in the collar, a cigar sticking straight out, coming down the street from the hotel. I recognised him at sight as General Grant. The policeman who blocked his way did not. He grabbed him -by the collar, swung him about, and, hitting him a resounding whack across the back with his Club, yelled out: "What's the matter with you? Don't you see the fire lines? Chase yourself out of here, and be quick about it." The General said never a word. He did not stop to argue the matter. He had run up against a sentinel, and when stopped went the other way. That was all. The man had a right to be there; he had none. I was never so much an admirer of Grant as since that day. It was true greatness. A smaller man would have made a row, stood upon his dignity and demanded the punishment of the policeman. As for him, there was probably never so badly frightened a policeman when I told him whom he had clubbed. I will warrant he did not sleep for a week, fearing all kinds of things. No need of it. Grant probably never gave him a thought. Some of the new novels for the spring and the summer in England are now being an- nounced, and it looks as if there was to be a goodly crop of fiction altogether. Mr. Arthar Morrison has written a story which Messrs. Methuen will publish. It has the title, "The Hole in the Wall." and is in the vein which Mr. Morrison has made his own. Mrs. Edith Wharton, whose story, "A Gift from the Grave," was so well received, is pub- lishing a new one with Dr. Murray. It is en- titled "The Valley of Decision." "Fan Fitz- gerald" is a novel of Irish life by Mr. H. A. Hinkson, which Messrs. Chatto are bringing out. Earlier they will issue a tale by Mr. Robert Machray, entitled "A Blow over the Heart." Thomas Hardy's "Under the Greenwood Tree" is to be included in Chatto's popular St. Mar- tin's Library—a pocket series. It will be very welcome in that form. There are signs of renewed activity among novelists. Mr. Arnold Bennett—an unfamiliar name—is responsible for "The Grand Babylon Hotel" (Chatto). It is an amusing mixture of bustling sensations. For an American million- aire to buy a first-class London hotel, "lock, stock, and barrel," simply because he cannot have steak and stout served at his table, is something new even for modern English fic- tion. The later complications are of a princely character. "His Own Ghost" (Chatto), by David Christie Murray, is an eerie idea well worked out. Here, too, there is something new in the shape of a dried-up South African river dammed with diamonds. "King Stork of the Netherlands" (Jarrold) is rather a heavy romance of the early days of the Dutch Republic. Mr. Albert Lee, of course, gives the conventional Spanish demons, and a sympathetic picture of the Great Prince of Orange. The novel was hardly worth compil- ing. An equally feeble historical attempt is "Where Honor Leads" (Hutchinson), by Marian Francis. The book is Georgian and Jacobite, and well-meaning, but shows such obvious traces of the influence of Thackeray as to be exas- perating. Miss Mary E. Mann is quite at her saddest in "The Mating of a Dove" (Fisher Un- win). The "dove" marries a not over wealthy curate, apparently for love, and has the mis- fortune to detest her mother-in-law. By and by she begins to detest him, and the rest is of a mildly depressing character. 