BRITISH AND FOREIQNITEMSt vbolt our rxohakozs.l . London, September 17- Mr Roltz, during a spoccn, said— -loo gcnorals havo chosen slleuco, but I speak ont. I condemn Mr Ohambarlain, not \- Greib Britain/ and will bo frlnudly only If tha eonntrv In otviin bank. uTbo Dally Mall' says the Afrikanders Intend nvivlog for a gonoral amnesty of rebels and foil compensation for losses. Tbore aro comparatively poor snbeorlp- tione fortho Boers In Holland and else- wfaoro, and tho moroment is fliggiog. The rcoent figures wero exaggerated. ' The Progressives are indignant at Sir Gordon Sprlgg'a refusal to Introduce a apodal bill dealing with arms, and a measure agalusb treason, aedltioo, boyoott- iog, and Intimidation. The revolutionists have defeated the Government troops near Oaucas, and General Oasco has retreated to Gaayalo. The Algoa mine, ab Nortbfolk, Wost Virginia, oxplodod. Sovonteon bodies .' have boon reoovorod. Mr Kensib, jun, has boon imprisoned for three months In default of finding sureties not to hold moottogs In the streets of Liverpool. Sixty thousand poisons have petitioned for bis release, lnoludlne ' several Liverpool jostloea. Mr Rathbone, late Government In spector of tbe Raud mines, has reported tne 'discovery of a new main roof in' the Wltwaterorarid basin, extending for 20 miles, partly In tbe Transvaal and partly In tho Orange River Oolony, near tho . River -Vaal. : ; ' Mr Nloholas Fish, % millionaire, has been klllod ,at New. York in a street brawl. ' , Sixty-two bodies' havo been recovered from tho Mangapatnam river, into which tho Madras-Bombay ; train was reoonbly preolpltatod. _ Sir . Thomas Llpton will lodge a challenge for the Ameriea' :Oup before October 1. September 18. . The Porte Is now . favorable to tho fonr Russian torpodoBrs passing tbe Darda- nellea, as the Cztr wishes to Inspect thorn at Llvadia, and promlaos nob to loterprot the sanotlon as a precedent. The Saltan's decision h now awaited. » . -The Premtor of Franco has sharply robuked tho Minister for Marino, M. Pellotan, for his Indlsoreot nttsrancos In Italy, and the French newspapers describe . the spoeoh as inopportune, but not in tended to bo sggrossivo. . . Aooordlng to "Tho Daily MallV'Ksraohi correspondent, 12 monntotn guns, 18 field pleoes, and 800 oases of ammunition; with gun carriages, . have arrived at Pesbawur, via Karaohl, from Germany, and were allowed to proooed to Kabul. The Peace Preservation Act has been gazetted in Gape Oolony. The debate on Mr J. X. Msrrlmsn's resolntlon was resumed In the . Assombly. Mr Graaf - thanked Mr Chamberlain for bis attitude of recon ciliation. He added that Sir Gordou Sprigg bad the newspapers and oapltallats gainst him, but be bad behaved' like a great Englishman, and had npheld tho British traditions. Mr Saner rejolcod, that a now era was dawning, and that moderate . Datehmen : and moderato Englishmen wore combining to pat exkremtsto In their propor phoo. President Roosevelt has doolded not to attompt the tariff revision duriug .the coming session; bub to persevere To bis olproclty with Ouoa. . ... -Tho Spoakbr (Mr Henderson), In a letter doollnlng to bo re-nomlnatcd for Congress, says ho does not bolievo that trusts aro ourable, or that tho people can j. be. benefited by frootrado, wholly or partly. President Roosevelt has vainly urged Mr Hondoraon to reconsider his de cision. China has granted Italy a oommerolal concession at Sanmun Bay. . « The Island Mission believes that the whole of China .la more or less In a state of restlessness. "The Frankfurter Zriturig 11 states that Unng ; Lu, with Russia's support, Is plotting to depose tbe Emperor, Kwaog Hsu, In favor -of a Prince who has been betrothed to Yung Ln's nelce. - '"The Daily Mail " correspondent at Shanghai reports that there are 60,000 Boxers In tho violnlty of Ohongtu-fUe ' Tho time UmKi for tho rntiffoation "of the Fr»u co-American commercial con vention has been extended fov'- twelvo months. ' The Boor generals are visiting Antwerp and Brussels, - and other Dntob ' towns will be visited within the next few days. "Burghers Jos to, of Klerksdorp, arid Rood, of Ermelo, who are inspecting farms and maoblnory ab tbe Government's ex pense,' are touring Great Britain, arid continue their journey to Oauada and Australia on Toed»y. Tbe United Statos ornlsor Cincinnati baa landed 50 marines and a qulok-firlng gun at Colon, The marines accompany the passenger trains for protection. , "Tbe Toronto Globe" repudiates the protection campaign of Mr I. J. Tarto, Minister for Fluanoo, and Mr Tarto : replies that thu bulk o! Canadians aro with him, and expeotfng Increased pro tection. lie has rovlsud the tariff for 19U3. There Is ao Impression at Ottawa that the Premier (Sir Wilfrid Lanrier) will be unable to beal tbe spilt, and that Mr Tarto will probably retlro from tbe Cabinet. Mr John IlAy (tho Unltod States Secre tary of State) faas sent a circular to the Ambawadon. emphasising tbe peril of Im migration of a horde of paopers to America, and also, on hum unitarian groundd, ho urges tho signatories of tbe Berllu Treat) to compel Roaaanla , to ameliorate the condition ol tho Rouma nian Jowa. The loss through forest fires !n WBRtcrn Washington Is £600,000 sterling. Hon- dreds of farmers are ruined, and 1000 peoplo are foodies and shelterless. Tbe Spanish Ministerialists deny the Idea of an entente with Franoo and Rossla. The Radical newspapers are sympa thetic to the sohemo, but the Independent organs warn Spain of her vnluerablluy In the event of Qroat lLltalir becoming ber enemy, and n commend no alllanoe with Great Brltato. Mr WiUUm All-in (L.), M.P. for Gates: bead, ha tutdo'a vigorous attack- upon tbe -'Admiralty, <Ho reforred -to MOar phantom fleet and skeleton crew," and declared that tha navy was short of 14j000 finninn, 2000 onglneroom arti ficers, and OOt) ouglueors.' Uo dsrcribed the dockyards ae .bolag cougcstod with oripplod ofulsors. ' Tbe Katacr commandod an attaeklng squadron doting the naval tnacunvrea, and broko .through ,tbe torpedoere, bat was eaptored'.at tho entraneo td tbe Elbe. A man armed with a revolver and- a bomb entered tbo Canadian Bank of Oommerce at Skagway, and demanded 20,000dol. The clorks fled, and' tbe bemb accidentally fell to tbe gronnd, wrecking the bank and killing tho robber. Tbe prospects of a strlko in WnKs has eansod the Danish railways to transfer an ordor for 60,000 tons of cos! to Germany. Mr Ismay denies the ario of tbe White Star lino to tbo Shipping Trust. September 19. The Boer generals warn tho pro-Boer oommlttoo at Brussels against sntt-Brltlsh demonstrations, stating tbolr mission Is purely charitable. ! The Shab of Persia and his salt spent £200,000 daring their visit to Paris. ' The Czar of Russia has ontertalnod the Shah at a banqnot at - Kursk, and cordial speeehes were made. 1 The Boxers attacked Chlogtu, and a conflict eosuod in the street. The Go vernment troops wero vlotorions, and order was restored. Kourtoon Boxor loadors havo boen exoontod, arid the new Vlcoroy and military officials aro proceed ing to Obingtn. Tho Frenoh and Amerloan Mlnlstois havo nrgod tho throne to act promptly, and a poromptory edict has beon fssnod to crash the rebellion. There Is considerable unearioess at Durban owing to tbe growth of Donlznln's power. The Znlos, who were armed in aelf- defoDoe, still retain their rifles, and they aro very bitter that many of the King's men were killed by the vryheld Boors. Tho ornlser Ranger, at Panama, has placed guards on the trains, and is co operating with those from tho ernlaor Cinolnnatl. Advloes from Capo Haytlon etato . that GoneralvNord, aftor 3 hoars' straggle against 8000 at Limbo, abandoned bin position, gnna, and ammunition, His fosses were heavy, and 4000 of tho enemy are advancing on Capo Haytlon. 1 An English and a Swiss dootor aro at tending Lord Salisbury, who Is 111 In; bod In Swllzorland, -and his own London dootor has beon summoned. ! There has baen a genoral rain In India, and a good autamn harvest is antici pated. . - i I Lleutonant Peary has arrived at Sydney, Cape Breton. - He reports that ! tho highest latitade reached was 84 degrees 17 mlnntes. The loe pack to the north west ' of Capo Reda ' rendered progress Impracticable, but his discoveries' are Important. Small qalok-firlng gans, owing to tho fatality at Portsmouth last month, whon a marine was killed whilst firing a salnto to the Shah of Persia, are sunersodlng mnzzlo.loadlng gans for salutes In ; the Navy. Tbe British orulsor lata has been attached to H.M. Britannia, to take sonlor cadets for cruises to sea. i ' ' The Dutoh Budget expenditure la estimated at 164.600.000 florins, being a deficit of 8.009,000 florins. Tho Hong Kong Chamber of Commerce has passed a resolution orglng the estab lishment of a reliable Atlantlo servleo In conneotlon with the Oanadlan-Paolfio route betwoen China, Japan, and Canada, which would onablo passengers to travel from Hong Kong to London lu 26 days. Tho Gorman and English steamship conforonoo at Ostond Increased tho oatwardfrolght9 to La Plata 20 per oont, and freights from New York to La Plata will bo similarly raised. Prince Yiotor Dholeep Singh has been doelared a bankrupt. 