SUMMARY. Lord Salisbury Is confined to his bed lu Switzer land IIo is being attended by an English doc tor, but his own medical attendant hoe been sum moned from London. The Boer Generals have warned the pro-Boer committee iu Brussels against antl-Brltlsh de monstrations, stating that their mission is purely ft fikurltflMo one. Great uneasiness prevails In Natal at the growth of Dinlzulu's power, as the Zulus, who wero Armed for their self-defence, still retain their rifles. Tile outward freights from Europe lo La P.lata have been Increased 20 per cent, by tho German and English steamship companies. General rains have fallen over India, and a good autumn harvest is anticipated. Tho missionary schooner Southern Cross has been wrecked upon tho Island of Tahiti. Fighting lias taken place between Chinese regu lars and Boxers In Cheng-tu. The former were Victorious, and order was restored. The French and Americah Ministers at Pekln have urged the Chineoo Emperor to issue a per emptory edict with a view to crushing the rebel lion. The Dutch Budget lias been issued, showing a deficit of 8,000.000 florins. The expenditure Is estimated at 164,500,000 florins. The Bank of England proflt3 for the half-year ending August HI were £712,213. Mr. IV. Allan, a Liberal member of the House of Commons, and a well-known authority oil naval engineering, has made a scathing attack on the Lords of the Admiralty. Mr. Allan, in his attack upon the Admiralty, refers to "our phantom fleet with its skeleton crow." The dockyards, lie says, are congested with crippled cruisers. Mr. J. H. Ismay, of Ismay, Imrie, and Co., de nies the snlo of tho White Star Co. to the Ship ping Trust. The Kaiser, in command of the attacking squad ron at the German naval manoeuvres, broke through tho torpedo boats, and captured the en trance to tho Elbe. The Shah and liis suite spent £200,000 while in Paris. Fearing a strike in the Welsh coal mines, the Danish railways transferred an order for G0,000 tons of coal to Germany. A robber armed with a bomb entered the Cana dian Bank of Commerce at Skagway and de manded 20,000 dollars. Tlio clerks lied, and tho bomb falling! wrecked the bank and killed the Intruder. The gross takings during the English tour of the Australian cricketers were £4270 below those of the 1893 team. The English cricltct averages are headed in bat ting by A. Shrewsbury, 50; and in bowling by Halgh, 12.50. Spanish Ministerialists deny the idea of an entente cordiale with France and Russia. Radi cal newspapers approve of the suggestions, hut Independent organs recommend an alliance with England. Tho Governor visited Albury yesterday, and laid the foundationttono of a new ward at the local hospital. The Premier, in opening the Gosford Flower Show yesterday strongly defended the llnaacial administration of tho Government. Sir John See said yesterday that the £800,000 of abnormal expenditure Incurred by the Govern ment was overlooked by Its critics when they 4 made charges of extravagance. The State Opposition is Invited by the Govern ment to make a challenge on any specific act of administration since Sir John See came into office. Mr. Edden. AI.L.A., warns the Opposition, "or anyone else," against lnying a linger on the demo cratic legislation already passed by the Stato Par liament. Tho Legislative Assembly snt. until 4.30 a.m. yesterday. The Municipal Bill was further dealt with in committee, and a Jjill to regulate tho daii)ying industry was read the first time. The lire on board the Manapouri was got com pletely under control yesterday by dint of flood ing the vessel. In addltipn to 300 tons of copra, destroyed by (Ire and water, the main hold of the steamer Manapouri Ipis been considerably damaged. Madame Melba's arrival iu Sydney yesterday was' witnessed by a great crowd at Redtern sta tion. As she Is anxious lo meet her father at Albury, Madame Meiba left for Melbourne Inst evening Instead of Sunday, as originally intended. Tho Court of Marine Inquiry concluded its in quiry regarding tho missing steamer Quiraing yesterday. The Court found that the vessel was seaworthy and well found. , In Its finding as to the missing steamer Qui raing. the Court of Marino Inquiry stated that the vessel was not loaded to the Plimsoil mark, while the cargo was stowed in accordance with the practice at Newcastle. Mr. Philp, Premier of Queensland, cannot un derstand why the Federal Government is going to differentiate between its treatment of the Queens- land and IVest Australian peari- sliellers. It is reported that tho stranded steamer Duke of Sutherland, at Lizard Island, is safe, although surrounded by slioaly patches. The Ringwood and Old Berrigan Estates, near Corowa, have been offered for sale to the Crown for closer settlement purposes. Speaking at Braidwood yesterday. Archbishop Kelly said Catholics claimed recognition of tlicir rights as citizens, to aid in procuring secular in struction in denominational schools. Shearing was concluded nt Coobienda and Weil- moringle stations yesterday under M.S.U. rules, and commenced at Doodle Coonia, under P U. conditions. Mr. Valiler, commercial agent for the State in South Africa, states that there is room for an increased trade with New Soutli Wales. The samples of New South Wales produce ex hibited at Capetown by Mr. Valiler have attracted great attention, especially the collection of tim bers. Mr, Kiild, State Minister for Agriculture, lias received the report of tho International Sheep- breeders' Conference, held at Carlisle. In the mnnuracture of so-called "woollen" ar ticles in England, America, and the Continent, shoddy is said to be used to a very large extent. The Burraga Copper Company's smelting works at Lithgow lire being closed down, owing to tho stoppage of work through lack of wnter. A deputation, said to represent 2800 men, unem ployed as a result of being dismissed from llie meat works, waited on the Queenslaud Premier yesterday, and asked for work. Tlie management ol tho Mount Kembla mine hope to resume working operations next week. At yesterday's cavil 170 men signified their willing ness to start. The Arbitration Court yesterday dismissed tlio claim of the Professional Musicians' Association against Mr. J. C. Williamson. Mr. Sam Smith dissented from the decision. It lias been decided to rebuild Her Majesty's Theatre. A Victorian architect has been com missioned to proceed with the plans. Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove have entered into partnership to produce a pantomime at the " Princess' Theatre, Melbourne. Accounts for the year In the estate of the lalo James Tyson were passed yesterday by the Pro bate Judge to the amount of £163,740. A colored seaman who absented himself from the steamer Stettin was at the Water Police Court yesterday sent to gaol for six months on a charge of being a prohibited immigrant, In connection with tho University Jubilee cele brations, Sir Josiali Symon will address the mem bers of the University Union on the 2Dth inst. A special meeting of tlio members of the League of Wheelmen is to be called to discuss a scheme for additional taxation, the present charges being insufficient. At the Central Police Court yesterday a China man was committed for trial on a charge of hav ing committed perjury at tho Supremo Court last month. The one and five miles amateur championships of Australasia are to bo run at Brisbane by tho Queensland Cyclists' Union this afternoon. Cardinal Morun leaves Naples for Australia on November 2. The P. and O. R.M.S. China sails at noon to day homewards, and the Homo is due from Lon don to-day. H.M.S. Mildurn returned to Sydney yesterday after n visit to FIJI and Tongn. She experi enced heavy westerly gales on approaching the coast. At the inquest yesterday concerning tho sus picious fire in Falcon-street, North Sydney, an open .verdict was recorded. 