Telegraphic News. GENERAL CABLES. LONDON, SEPT. 18 M. I'KLLKTAN'S SPEECHES. M. Combes, the Trench Premier, has administered a sharp rebuke to M. Pelletan, the Minister of Murine, for his indiscreet speeches at Ajaccio and Bizirta, which were calculated to give ollencc to Italy, Ger many, and Great Britain. The French newspapers describe M. Pelletan'e speeches as inopportune, but not intended to be i aggressive. AFGHANISTAN*. j According to the Karachi correspondent of the '* Daily Mail " 12 mountain guns, 18 field pieces, SOU cases of ammunition, and a number of gun-cartridges have arrived at Pcshawur, by way of Karachi, the chief port of North- West India. They were sent from Germany, and were for the Ameer of Afghanistan. No aciton was tiken Hy the Indian Government, the muni tions of war being allowed to proceed by way of the Khyber Paps to Kabul. THE JEWS IS* ROUMANIA. Colonel John Hay, the American Secre tary of State has issued a noteworthy circular to the ambassadors of the principal powers represented at Washington. In it Colonel Hay lays emphasis on the peril to America arising from the immigration of a horde of paupers. For this reason, and also on humanitarian grounds, he urges the signatories of the Berlin Treaty to compel the Kingdom of R >umania to ameliorate the condition of the Jews in that country, who have for some time past been subjected to severe prosecution. AMERICAS POLITICS. President Roosevelt has decided not to attempt any revision of the tariff during the coming session of Congress. He will, however, preserve in his attitude towards the trusts, and will insist on his policy of a reciprocity treaty with Cuba. Mr. David B. Henderson, of Iowa, Speaker of the House of Representatives, has written & letter, in which he declines to be renomina ted for Congress. He states that be does not believe that trusts are curable, or that the people cm be benefited by free trade wholly or partly. President Roosevelt urged Mr. Henderson to reconsider his decision, but in vain. THE AMERICAS PIRES. The loss caused by the forest fires in the western p»rt-ion of the state of Washing ton is estimated at £500,000. Hundreds of farmers have been ruined, and a thou sand persons are without food and shelter. ANTI-RITUALISM. Mr. Kensit, jun., son of Mr. John Kensifc, the bookseller, who some time ago made himself conspicuous by interrupting ritual istic services in Lonon churches, has been sen tenced to three months* imprisonment for causing disturbances in the streets of Liverpool by holding public meetiogs. Mr. Kensit was sent to goal, in default of find* ing securities not to hold any more meetings. A petition for his release has been signed by 60,000 persons, including several justices of the peace at Liverpool. ATTACK ON A BANK. A man armed with a revolver and a bomb entered the office of the Canadian Bank of Commerce, at Sikagaway, Alaska, and demanded 20,000 dollars- The clerk fled, and the man then accidentally dropped the bomb, which exploded, wrecking the build ing and killing the robber. THE WELSH COLLIERY TROUBLE. The prospects of u strike in South Wales has caused the Danish railway authorities to transfer to Germany orders for 60.000 tons of coal. T11ESHA51 IN PARIS. ' While in Paris, the Shah of fereia and auite spent £200,000. WOOL SALES. At the wool pales this evening there was brisk business, with keen competition. HERMAN NAVY MANOUVRKS. During the German naval manouvres in the North Sea yesterday the Emperor was in command of the attacking squadron, which broke through the torpedo boats de fending the river and captured the entrance to the Kibe. FRANCE AND SPAIN. Spanish Ministerialists deny the idea of an entente cordiale having been entered into with Prance and Russia, though the Radi cal newspapers arc sympathetic to such a scheme. The Independent organs warn Spain of her vulnerability in the event of Great Britain being her enemy. They re commend an alliance withe the latter power, AUSTRALIAN CRICKET TOUR. Major Wardill, the manager of the Aus tralian team, states that the gross receipts during the tour amounted to £4270 below those of 1S99. Shrewsbury heads the Eng lish batting averages with 50 runs per in nings, add Haigh the bowling average with 15 runs per wicket. LONDON, Skpt. 19. THE CZAR AND THE SHAH. . The Czar entertained the Shah of Persia at a banquet at Kursk, when speeches of a cordial character were made. PANAMA RAILWAY PROTECTION, The United States cruiser Ranger has been placed at Panama to guard trains cross ing the Isthmus, and will co«operate with the U.S. warship Cincinnati, which is em ployed in similar work. ISDIAN CROP PROSPECTS. A general rain has fallen throughout India, and a good autumn harvest is antici pated. IMPORTANT ARCTIC DISCOVERIES. It is stated that the discoveries resulting from Lieut. Pearry's Arctic ..expedition are of an important character.. SOUTH AFRICAN. NATIVES. Uueasiness is felt at Durban at the growLh of the Din Zulus power. The Zulus, who. were armed for the purpose of self defence, still retain their rifles, and uro very bitter at many of their kinsmen being killed by the Vryheid Boers. THE BOXER OUTBREAK! News from China state9 that a Boxer outbreak occurred at Chaugtu, in the Yangtze province, and that a conflict look place in the streets, The Government troops proved victorious, and order was restored. Fourteen of the Boxer leaders were afterwards executed. The new Viceroy of the province, militiry, and otfieUls are proceeding to Changtu. AIXKUEJ* HANK DEFALCATIONS. Edmund lilUtioh, a clerk iu the Vionna Laender B*nk, Ikm disappeared. There have been, it is alleged, irregularities in cashing cheques end a large deficiency has been discovered. ILLNESS 01- LORD SALISBURY, Lord Salisbury, who is visiting Switzer land, has beeu uttackcd with a severe ill. uess by which lie is coutinod to his bed. lie is;beiug atteudod by «n English and Swish ; doctor. His own L'mdon medical attendant has been summoned, i 