OENEBAL NEWS. A hay shed at Gatton Agrioultural i College (QJ was burnt down cm- Sunday night. The diatnege is estimated' £ij00. _? Neatly 600 Victorians have applied to their State Premier to have seats re served' for them on tbe colonial stead to be erected in London for the Corona tion procession. The residence of Mr. J. H. Want, U.L.C., wtas broken into on Sunday morning while the inmates were at church. Jewellery1 'belonging to the domestics, valued sat about £30, uras stolen. During the forthcoming Premier's Conference, Mir. Barton hopes that some common agreement will be arrived at in the matter of public holidays. Olem Hill, who made 61 in the South Australians' seoond innings,, has now compiled 1000 runs in first-class cricket during this season. In a calble to iMr. Seddon, thanking him for the great help given anid of- . fared, Lord Kitchener states that there ] liiTBeneM 111 ail New^^eSamlWli. i -i1^ Archbishop Kelly looks forward to the time when there will he 'an Ire land for Irishmen, just as an Australia ' for Australians.' , As a (result of a Primitive Methodist referendum in New Zealand, t»he ques- ( tion of union with the Australian Meth- , odist Church has ' been definitely hung , up. A sugar factor' at Roman, Kou- j mania, has -been destroyed hy fire. The - whole of the large stock was lost, and -- the damage is estimated at 2,600,000 - francs (rather less than £100,000). The Danish Folkething has. toy H7 rotes to 7, aprvroved of the sale of the Danish West Indiies to tihe United 4 States for. £1,000,000. 1 The sale is reported of a paddock at Doctor's Point, known as Phillips', one ; mile and a half from Albury. It con- i tains 218 acres of the finest river land ] in the district. The purchaser was , W. S. Norman, and the prioe was ; £10 3s per acre. j The Natal Treason Court has com- ..* pletod its sittings. .The Court tiried ' 500 out of an es'finiated total of 800 Natal rebels, and imposed fines amount- 1 ine to £32,000. Future -cases of treason 1 will he tried jy court-martial. ' A number of friends and admirers of ' Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan on' Monday pre sented him with his portrait, painted in oils by Mr. H. J. Thaddeus. In the course of a speech. Mr. O'Sullivan sa;d that he ibelieved the time was not far : distant when the British Empire would ' hare to fight for its very existenoe. j On Monday Sir Herbert Chermside, ! the new Governor of Queensland, an,4 Lady Chermside, who arrived in Alel- ^ bourne from Adelaide, were driren at once to Government House, where tbey . remained as Lord Hopetoun's guests' . until their departure on Tuesday even ing for Brisbane. The veteran Japanese statesman, the Marquis Ito, who -recently made ail ex pended European and American tour, denies negotiating the Anglo-Japanese - toaty : a&hoagh;_lie admits that he was , R. Buchanan, saddler's assistant, at Tocumwal on Sundav tried an old gun which he had repaired. The 'brass head of the cartridge case was blown back ; out of the breech, cutting his eye ooea and causing the loss or sight of one eye. After being attended to 'by the doctor ' he left for Mooroopna Hospital. 1 A young man, named Richard John- ' bton, aged 21, a resident- of Violet 'IVyvrn ? (Vic.,) died on Sunday last in the Wan- ; garatta Hospital, whence he Was taken j for treatment three days ago, He had been eating a quantity! of -grapes, and had swallowed the skins and pips. He 1 became ill, and in spite of medical at- ( tention died as stated. The death occurred on (Friday uijglht of Mr. Charles J. al'Carthy at his re- ' sidence, Springfield; near Junee. The 1 cause of death was consumption. De ceased who was only 44 years old, came to the district as a ooy in the sixties. He was elected to the first committee oE the race club, and was one of the first of the 'executive of the Farmer's uiid Settlers' Association, and was al ways a prominent committee man of the Show Association. He leaves a wife and five children. The funeral took place on Sunday afternoon. A brutal assault took place at GiU gandra on Friday night on a man named Edward Dyson. He was going to the navvies' camp, in company with some of his mates, who were quajrreling amongst themselves. A free fight was indulged in, and Dyson was kicked while down. He was picked up next morning, and conveyed to a hotel in a very precarious condition. He has since been taken to Duibbo Hospital. Several arrests on' suspicion have ueen made. Mort and Watson's large drapery, grocery, and general store, at DeniU quin, were destroyed by fire about 1 o'clock -m Monday morning. Three safes, containing the account books, wore saved. An emnloyee who slept in the premises lost all his belongings, and had a very narrow escape himself. Tho premises and stock were insured. The stores are the oldest established -n Deniliquin, audi were Ibuilt iabout 45 years ago. The correspondent of the 'Standard' states that tne provisional Government at Tientsin has discovered,- large robber ies of imported merchandise. Tho Chinese authorities had hitherto el ways ignored complaints. The provi sional Government caused the arrest cf the chief instigator of the robberies, a wealthy compradore. He was tried and oonvicted, and sentenced to 12 months' hard labour, and to pay a line of £1600. Professor Arminios Vambery, the famous Orientalist and traveller from the Buda Pesth University, writing to New Zealand, says : — 'The behaviour of Europe to-day against England is the outcome of the unqualified' wickedness and stupidity of the unfortunate mas ses, led by selfish patrons of medieval darkness. 'They will deeply regret when they learn that they have given assistance in (pulling down a glorious rampart of liberty, and that tihey have helped to extinguish the noblest light mankind ever produced. We all Tiope they will not succeed in their diabolical work. England will issue victorious out of the present struggle. I trust her colonies will not forget that any barm done to the fountain of their political existence must bring ruin' on' them selves.' ftieakuMj in reply -to the toast cf the JF©deral Ministry, at Monday's bamma I Mr. Barton classed St. PatrttojEar ~- as a national, and inat a eeatia&«; i£g - Y'''' 1 An old man .jtanjed Jameejban, a tramp, who. stated lib was a native of Pamunatta, -was. taken to tibe-GottaM Hospital at 'Bowiidl on Sunday Mittagong police, who found him in an '* apparently dying condition, suffering from exhaustion an^ exposure. He was in a most filthy condition, Ms cloth* s belniZ loathsomn. . Anl to tne hoispital iis dlothea were or dered to be burnt,- and after being taken away for that purpose the winin . asked ' anxiously for his clothes, saying tiere was money in them. The clothes were thereupon raked out of the fire, When the sum of £16 odd .was found in his trousers .pocket. Starvation was the chief cause of the; man's illness. Mrs. Mary Ann Stokes, who died at Oraythorpe, WardeU Boad, Dulwich Hill, a suburb of Syjdney, on Sunday, was horn in York Street, Sydney, 93 years ago, and with the exception of two or three brief visits to Viotoria and Tasmania, she never left New South Wales. Her husband, Frederick Mich ael Stokes, who died 10 rears ago, was 1 tile firm of Stevens, . Stokes ilj'tilBflrmiY; imhl'nli -fl— ? ? lost century. Mrs. Stokes leaves two. sons and three daughters. For ' many, years post she was known throughout Sydney and suburbs as a mumficetit donor to all charitaole (Ejects.-'' ^ A singular development , has arisen in sonn^ection with the recent distribute- m af poison in Sydney and suburbs for the crusade against rats. . A resident of ' Burwood, employed by the local coun cil, failed to secure any result from the .. poison. He then experimented on a oat with the whole packet, supposed to oontain sufficient poison to kill a score, of rats. The cat still lives. The then took a packet of the poison 'him-] self to prove its barmlessness, and did not suffer in any way. Analjteis was made of another packet, whioh was found to contain a modicum of poison, but not sufficient to kill a rat. By the Japanese mail steamer lTaimgn Maru there arrived at Brisbane on Sun lay Mr. Murkawi, chief editor of the Kokkai 'Times,' ipnoushed at Sapporo, Japan. He will visit Syfdney, Melbourne and New Zealand, and then return to Brisbane, catching the succeeding l-oat for Japan. Mr.,JMnrlnuKLintmiH». ? to .study, educational Questions. Hie ' melitionSd' that tha announcement of the conclusion of the Anglo-Japanese ' treaty was received with great enthusi asm in Japan, -hut some resentment was felt towaras Australian politicians by reason of the passing of the Immigra tion Act, which was regarded as incon sistent with the friendship between Great Britain anu Japan. A very sad drowning fatality is re ported from Keera Station, Bingam district. A - kangaroo shooter named Beasley shot a swan on the Gwydfc Ltiver, and swam out to secure thebird, but before he oould get hack to' the tank it is surmised that he was seized irith cramp and sank. His wife, to whom he was msurrieu only nine months ago, was on the bank, and saw him dis appear. No one else was within two miles of the place where the fatality occurred. The police and local resi dents dragged the river and recovered die body. The .acting-coroner held an inquiry, and entered a finding of ac cidental death. On Saturday afternoon James^Deaas suffering from in juries -to the brain, caused, it was then alleged, iby a spike, on which he fell, penetrating the frontal bone. An op eration was performed, and the patient temporarily rallied. On Monday, how aver, the lad had a relapse, and death, ensued at 2.45 p.m. on Tuesday. It is now alleged that deceased was sky larking with another lad at the Soap and Candle Works, on the Abattoir Road, where he was employed, and that i paint 'brush, was thrown, and strncik liim on the forehead. An arrest was made on Monday afternoon, the accused parson being remanded till Friday next, rhe Coroner has been informed of the occurrence. A fever-stricken ship has been sighted off the coast of China. News by the Changsha reports that the steamer ' „ Mexican, on arrival at H.ong-tang, re ported Having spoken the American barque Erie J. Hay, of Portland, U.S.A., flying signals of distress. Upon boarding her it was found that she de sired to he towed to Port tsubig from lat. 14deg. 36min. nortn and long, 110 deg. 49mm. east. Her crew were down ?with beri-fberi, four being already dead, and three more dying, of whom one died and wa6 buried whilst the steamer was towing her to Port Subig. It will be remembered that the Evie J. tf&y; was apokCTi some time book by a Ger man steamer, and reported that iberi beri had broken out on board. She then, however, refused assistance, and only requested to be supplied with fresh provisions. The. German vessel gave what was required and left her. An uncommonly exciting experience at sea .was told by Captain Heddle, of tiie barque Loch itannock, which ar rived at Melbourne from Glasgow on Monday. Early in the voyage, and just after clearing the tail of the Bank, a seaman, W. Albert Petteisen, aged 19, was 'carried away by a huge wave. Although the seas were mountainous, the chief officer put out in a boat to rescue the lad, with a crew of volun teers. Bain was fiercely poising down, and it was quickly realised that all at tempts at rescue were impossible. The boatload of plucky men then' tried bo regain the snip, and with, the seas crashing on board Captain ileddle made up his-mind that those in the boat were doomed to be lost. .Watching . his chance, however, he seized the single favourable moment', and just managed to heave a rope to the chief offioer, sit- f. ting atj the nelm. Jie oaught a life- I saver, and affixed it to the thwarts of I the boat, and across this slender bridge _ I tho men swung themselves back agmn to their ship and to safety. 