C a d b u r y ' s Cocoa. Purest, Beat, Moat Economical THINGS IN A NUTSHELL. VFs have remarked in these columns before that of all Mr. Barton's measures in the Federal Parliament that concerning tbe Alien question is the most farcical aud as natives of the State of New South Wales we might naturally be expected to feel something of real interest in it. At the outset, it might lie safely mentioned, that nine-tenths of the tax payors were desirous of seeing the Whice Australia policy carried out but as the Act is now being administered the evil that follows more than neutralises any benefit. It appears to us that Demo cricy is regarded by our politicians as a sot t of subjective and sliding scale resolvable into particular conditions according to tbe whim of the political chief, or as Voltaire once expreieed it in his Philosophical History, " according to his digestive powers." That the White Australia Policy has been a failure none wi„ deuy but the LaDguage Xestincon nection with it has been doubly a failure- The purpose of a White Australia policy should have been, one would imagine, tbe " open door " to any white race but the *' barred " to colored aliens; but, in truth, the Language Test has descended into a shocking farce. Within two months over 400 of those whom it was supposed to exclude have become residents in our State under various pretexts and because they are able " to jabber " some English. That they can do this is only to be expected because the Hindoos, especially, on0 of the very undesirable clauses, have every facility afforded them in their native country of becoming familiar with the English language The worst feature of all however is that of a Portuguese sailor who was sentenced in Newcastle the other day to six months imprisonment because he was unable to pass a satisfactory trial in the Language Test. SceakiDg on this subject the Daily Telegraph " of Wednesday says: " If this test is persisted in, a great multitude of possible French, German, Italian, Swedish, Norwegian, Danish and other European immigrants, who would form a welcome addition to our population, will have the door of the Commonwealth closed in their faces." Tbe same paper describes this as a desolating policy becauso " not only are the elements of population which we desire to admit being excluded, but those we wish to keep out are being allowed to pour in. This is a state of things which will not long be allowed to continue, no matter what may be the views of Mr. Chamberlain regarding the necessity for extending Australian hospitality to colored races." * * Some days ago tho iwriter was speaking to a city man who referred to the free lunches to be had in the City bars, thus it is we touch on the question. The whole affair connected with the bar luncheons is a mean act and there are oftimes men who are really not mean by nature mado mean by this business. The cadger, tbe dead-heat and the man of no principle of course go to these bars and eat as much as possible by simply purchasing^ threepenny or sixpenny drink. The hotels must keep up the ruinous trade and at many of the bars there are all sorts of edibles supplied. Wo know of one hotel,. situated in Bourke .Street, Mel bourne, where the manager openly said it would pay him to give £500 a year to charities if a Bill Reform was brought in to prevent tho luncheons. When an ordinary man into a bar room to refresh himself would imagine that a biscuit and ought to suffice but the places supply the best menu are of course most eagerly sought out bj^i certain of people. This is the quintessence meanness and not many degrees removed from baicfaced robbery but the must grin and bear it, ruinus though it is to his trade and doubly to restaurant-keepers. A memer nf Parliament has a splendid opening ere in which, to make a name for himelf with any honest thinking man and he sooner something is done to prevent the trallic tho sooner will the colony ive up a means of bringing meanness to fine art. Amidst a fanfaronade and bluster on one side and tho " cold shoulder " 011 the other side tho Federal Search Party wanders on in its questionable quest killing time, if nothing else. Much there is to be done and little has been done by this very strange second search party. The greaterj part of the Country Press (Tumut, of course, is the exception) is strongly against the trip; the Cootamundra " Liberal " which became enthusiastic over the visit of tbe Senators now slashes this trip in plain, .understandable English, and justly too. T ime is rich in wonders but Australia is rich in monstrosities—very rich. They have travelled by train, by coach and by boat these representatives; they have talked and fulminated and jargoned and feasted and drank amidst the dust and debt of a downrushing nation until people begin to cry, Begone, in the name of Heaven and Earth. By saddle and Bingle-springed buggies they have travelled until doubtless they begin to wish they were back again in the Bourke street clubs. Soon the trip will be over and, cbey for their part, will in all probability bav© done with the Federal City too and the question will dissolve and be no more for a long time yet to come. Most of the members as soon as the was over,- Cincinnatus-like, retired to their hearths and homes, but those, who will honor us with their on Tuesday next, certainly deserve our credit for trying to do their J duty. If the Federal City Question crashes, like frail crockery, and joins the ghosts of other chimeras, perhaps, these gentlemen are not altogether to blame, because, nothing under the sun is so unknown to itself as a body of Australian politicians. * * * Last week Mr. Crick, the Minister for Lands, was on his way back from the West Country,;" that's baked and caked and cracked with drought," Harry Lawson says, and ho was feted at Hay. Perhaps he was tired and weary which caused him to make some very straight remarks which the " Liberal" heads "Mr. Criek bucks in the traces." Rather, friend Liberal, you should have said, "Mr. Crick jibs in the traces" as the most piobable thing, to do if he were " tired and weary." Be that as it may, in reply to the usual toast he said, " Only his absolute duty kqpt him in office as a Minister of the Crown. He had done something for the West, but the Central people did; not treat him too well, and it would not take much to make him leave lus position. He could assure the Central people that they wete not going to kick and cuff him as they liked. They could go to the devil." Strong words, these, for a Minister of the Crown, and especially of a Government that has wandered from its promises and enveloped itself in steam and smoke. Minister Crick howls in decision at a couchant people and Premier See infinitely trust the same " at all times " and Minister O'Sullivan perorates and gesticulates and composes poetry whilst the stoim gathors on. Reader, hast th;u no pity for men who seek to do their duty but ore miserably incapable of doing it 1 Can the Government be responsible when it is divided against itself; when there is no spontaneous unity but when there is a' m pressure of hydrocephalus and rheumatic vapours on it® brain and an incapability that even its leaders must acknowledge, Public Meeting.—A public meoting was held in Bowuing on Wednesday afternoon to discuss tho rabbit question. Several suggestions were made which would greatly improve our Rabbit Act. Poisoning is a farce, or even worse; in one place id the neighbourhood one farmer has within the week lost two valuable cows and numbers of sheep have died from the same cause. Large stock aud sheep will readily eat the baits, or tear up dead rabbits, and thus the cure of the disease becomes ruinous. Wo openly say thar, the rabbit poisoning business is ono of tbe most unjust and cruel measures ever foisted on to a suffering people by a heartless Government, and something should be done to prevent it. At Wargcila on Saturday next, Mr. Pat. Grogan will convene a public meeting at the Post Office with the object of still further discussing the question, and some one should take up the matter in Yass. IIOLLOWAY'S PILLS. For the euro of debility, also liver and stomach com plaints this inappreciable medicine is so wel! known in eveiy part of the world that it now stands preeminent above all other remedies more paiticularly for tho cure of bilious, and liver complaints, disorders of the stomach, dropsy and debilitated constitution. They expel from the secretive organs, the morbid matter ivhich produces inflammation, pain, fever, debility, and physical decay, thus annihilating by their purifying properties, the virulence of the most painful and devastating diseases. The Plague has come to light again To give us all a scare ; Death stares us in the face, that's plain, Let everyone take care. . Attend-to -erery ailneut that \ You may have to endure. Drive off your cold and put on fat With woods' Grsat Peppermint Cure. DEAFNESS, NOISES in THE HEAD, &c.;, positively cured by HAR LEY'S EAR LOTION. This new Remedy goes right to the seat of the disease, and has effected such remarkable caree that the greatest hope is held out to all sufferers, no matter how bad or long-standing the case may be. Oke Borris Witt cult* any ordinary case, and will be seat securely packed and post paid, with full direction* and testimonials upon receipt of 4s &d; Order direct from JAHBB E. HASLBT, 23 Stoclcdale Read, South Lambeth, Lonuod England. DOK'T COPOH.—Relief can be obtained immediately. Use 'KEATING'8 COUGH LOZENGES "-well known a« the utterly unrivalled Congh Remedy. Strongly recommended by many eminent physicians. They at once check the cough and remove the cause—without any after effect;' the most delicate can therefore take them. One Lozenge alone gives «ue —one or two at bedtime ensures rest. Sold everywhere in tins 16 jd each. iMPtmrriEs OP THE BLOOD.—"We h»ve seeu hosts o£ letters from people who have rccsivcd great benefit from the use of Clarke's Blood Mixture. It cannot be too highly estimated, for it cleanses «nd puriflw the .blood from all impurities.' This is a good testimonial from the " Family Doo tor" which goes on farther to say " It is tbe finest Blood Purifier that scienjt and skill have brought to light and we can with the utmost confidence recommend it to our subscribers and the publio generally." For scrofula,- scurvy, Bceema Bad Leg?, gkin'and Blood Diseases, Pimples and bores of all kinds, its .effects are marvellous. Thougj ands of wonderful cases have been effected by it. CLirbc'siond Mixtures is sold ever? where at 2a 9d. Beware of worthless iim ttttiouE or substitutes. The Health and Vigour of the individual depends upon the quantity »nd quality of the blood. When the tissuae have been at work, there are thrown into the blood WB*U products, aud if these be not eliminated but (through any cause) detained iu tbe blood tbey influence nutrition, and function aud finally produce organic disease?.—The Humanitarian. In cases of Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Disesres, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds the effects of Clarke's Blood Mixture are marvellous. Thousands of wonderful cures have been effected by it. Clarke's Blood Mixture is sold everywhere. 