GENERAL INFORMATiON, \ The cost\of St. Peter's, in Rome, was over £14,000,000. Each person in the civilised world consumes an average of 80 lbs. of meat yearly. It is estimated that tho death-rate of tho worl^l is 67 a minute, and the birth rato j0 a niinutQ. i ? The popiiation of Zululand is a bout 150, Out) of whom only 500 are Europeans. \ Reed pens\ split at the ends like quill pens, haf-o been found in Egyp tian tombs, dating probably 2o00 B. C. I — ^ ? A sugar cohljUlM;y'-— fov JJawaii ex pects to produce an average of five.''' ? tons of sugar per acre for its whole property of 4,000 acres. The world's ships carry 180,000, 000 tons of merchandise a year, and of this one-quarter by weight is coal and one-tenth wheat. Tn Hungary, a black cloud sudden ly obscured the sky, and a shower of greenish, opalescent 'insects began to descend, covering the ground to a depth of a foot. Chinese immigration to Australia lias almost entirely ceased. Mast ers of vessels are forbidden under a heavy penalty, to bring more than ono Chinaman to every 300 tons. ? - ? Danish railways are now being supplied with Canadian coal by the Dominion Coal Company, which has ? secured contracts in Europe for tho supply of 50,000 tons of fuel. All the descendants of Brigham Young, the founder of Mormonism, aro to meet at Salt Lake City, Utah They will include 47 children, 294 grandchildren, and 745 greatgrand children. In the schools of Japan the Eng lish language is required to be tau ght by law. Tho Japanese youth in the open ports and commercial cit ies aro all eager to learn English as a passport to wealth, position, and employment. Some of the wooden churches of Norway are fully 700 years old, and are still in an excellent state of pre servation. Their timbers have suc cessfully resisted the frosty and al most Arctic . winters because they have been repeatedly coated with tar Gigantic water power develop ments are projected in the Alps. There are now in the French Alps 48 factories supplied by 250,000 horse-power, electrically generated. Engineers estimate that 3,000,000 horse-power is now running to waste in the Alps. ? J ? At Buda-Pesth the wooden pave ments of a whole street has just been stolen in broad daylight and in view of the police. The thief ap peared in the forenoon with a gang of labourers, whom he ordered to pull up the pavement, which ho sold forthwith, promptly decamping with tho proceeds. The two oldest secret trade proces ses now in existence are said to be the manufacture of Chinese red, or vermilion, and the method of inlay ing the hardest steel with, gold and silver, which seems to have been practiced at Damascus ages ago, and is known only to the Syrian smiths and their pupils even to this day. At 5 years of age boys are gener ally tailor than girls ; but the girls appear to equal them at the eleventh year, after which tho boys rise a gain above the girls for two years. At about twelve years the girls sud denly heroine tnller l.hnn thn linvs continuing until the fifteenth year, whon the boys regain their super iority in stature. ? ^ ? Ono of tho peculiar features of trade in China is the great quantity of old iron imported — plates, tubes, waggoi- tires, horseshoes, railway spikes, wire rope, hoops, and general scrap-iron. This is worked over, welded together and put to various uses iii the small blacksmith shops throughout the country. It illust rates the intense economy of tho people and the small value of labor. 