foreign^Bi^rtiW rj.ee reaso-'Aliundrcd lyears-ago Fjrence^ navu ; ^r4^ulalim^wiTO^«C5Kre&t; asiwat/Of^: ,fDr.lMe;ifii^riyiiijesii»'5Hije.Vihii^ry!:v'or{the: : ;rttce.O for i ndpulStioii j. aiidi 'itnde»si«:Som§ 1 /ffo rf.];np-nhnng»-wwiirfi-Jt}ig- pn3iiaonB are ?not to:16'^rarspd;-i!^c:4)1itieB in . ' .JTjaJioeftforvJ.897 '»were.io(mside)rably mnder a; million, r.onc /of the.snifiliest'totals oft tho c&ntiiry;,-and it /as'ia 'Striking ^illustration » ^f^e/(Oo1npw»uv^'';'Pi»gir^iW3Gerii^yr tliafc ih. the same year the^Gorflian hirths ^er6^teyjfciw-^iu^6iM^.iT^iworld;piay; growjat a much greater jate than at ipro- ' ;S-2nt .before.! there :is :an^. 'danger(ipf oiver crowding., uOiii'the . basis, iofi-a 'tthousand i people to 'the square :mile, -there iB; poom , for ..three times' as;inany ,j-ooplo. in [ the worjd 'as Jive in.^ it to-day^ and authorities entitled to Tespect estiiuate tha t, this state ? ?of tilings «anuot: fx-ine about- under the.' present condi tione for Bnother^SOO years and more. . To be 'full'— a word! which ? in.. this sense generally means, a .thousand; persons to. the 'square niilef—the , world would need .a population of ^- 000,000,000, ? and as the 'rate of increase in the world's population- is one person per 100 per year it will take a hundred , yyears to bring, the I ooDulatioiTuu to e ven 4,328,000,000. There -will then }-e S3 persons to one square mile of earth. ''.Another 100 years will bring -the population 'to' 14,706,000,000, or 225 to the square mile ; and ^another century's growth, will make it 31,662,000,000; or 609 ?per mile. It ivill not be until the middle of the twenty-third century that the world will be 'fuU.' In the year 2250 there will be an a recage of; lOOl persons to the square mile,' or a world population of 52,000, 000, '000, ' and 'judst of them, prob ably enough, under -two or 'three flags. A note in the November number of the ' Deutsche-Rundschau fur? Geographie' gives, a- brief description of a balloon as cent made on July 81 last by Drs; Hereon and Suring, of the Berlin Meteorological Institute, .during which a higher altitude was reached than had ever, before been attained by man. The highest, previous record was made during an ascent by Ber son in 1894 (December S), on which occa sion an altitude, of ,9.155 metres ,(30,022 ft.) was reached. This 3ias now been con siderably exceeded , . the two observers having ..passed the enorinous altitude of 10,300 metres. (33, 790 ft.). Up to 29,500 ft. - no unusual sensations were experi enced, and even up to 33,600 ft. the ob servations could be regularly continued, though consciousness was temporarily lost ? for brief intervals. Soaft after this, how ever, one of the; observers resisted all the efforts of his companion to arouse him, and the latter accordingly was^forced to open the valves and so bring about a des cent. Tlie exertion thus involved deprived him too of consciousness, and neither of the observers awoke again until nearly an hour had passed, when the balloon was at a height of -about 16,000 ft. At tbe high est point reached the barometer marked 202mni., and as the balloon ws(S still as cending, it would have been possible to have reached a still higher altitude. The thermometer stood at the freezing-point when a height of 12,470 ft. had- been reached, and at 33,600 marked. — 40. (C. I or Fahr.). Dr. Bang, the well-known Danish phy [ sieian, has constructed a hew electric lamp, which is likely to prove of great im portance, even outside the field for which I he has intended it (writes 'Engineering'). In the ordinary arc lamp the carhons are heated t.n Knnie HfKlfl Hntri-pra. but. Tli- Tin nr. has succeeded in avoiding this high tem perature by making the' carbons hollow and letting a strong current of water run through them. The effect is very singular. Almost -the whole of the energy of the electric current is removed to the light arc between the two electrodes, whilst the latter themselves remain pp cool that one can touch them; with one's fingers whilst the lamp is burning. In addition to this the carbons are consumed so slowly that the usual automatic adjustment can be dispensed with. In science the new lamp will no doubt be invaluable f its cold light is able to kill bacteria in one- eighteenth of the time required with the light of the ordinary arc lamp. The electrodes can be made from different substances, accord ing to the use for which the lamp is inten ded. For medicinal purposes, -carbon, silver, and 'certain kinds of iron appear preferable. Metallic electrodes have been used for several years by doctors, but they have had many drawbacks ; they gave a great heat ,the metal melted, &c.;, and it was necessary to place the patient at a comparatively great distance from the lamp. All these objections have been over come — or, rather, entirely removed — in Dr. Bang's lamp, which is very small and handy, and in which consumption of elec tricity is exceedingly small. . Mr. F. Lord, member for Stanley, speaking at Ferndale, said : —Great capi tal had been made out of the action of the ftArArnman^ in x ? 1. ? gines. That, it had been declared, was a waste of ^ money, but it was really not so. The engines were running between Ips wich, Pinkenba, and Sandgate, and were doing capital work, and a great saving of time was thereby ' effected. Mr. Thallon and other officers of the department had informed hiiu that not only would a big saving in time be effected but that there would also be an ? enormous saving - of money when the engines were able to run up the Main Range. At present the loads had to be divided, but when the bridges and. culverts had been strengthened and the tank engines \vere able to travel to Toowoomba, the big loads would be taken over at one trip and a considerable saving' would consequently result. Again the procuring of the engines had necessitated the strengthening of the bridges and cur verts, and those structures would not now want any attention for years to come. Another important discovery has been made at Pompeii at the same spot where rdoently was found what was believed to be the ' mummified body of the elder Pliny. The latest- finds consist of a grand Roman villa, one room of which is fiUed with objects of Greek aid Roman art. These include a bronze statue repre senting Genius with a torch in her exten ded right hand, the whole being a superb workmanship. There are also four most beautiful Etruscan vases and models of various descriptions. Seven other rooms were found to be full of cereals and other food-stufffi. FurtllAi- Avntni-afSA^. -C particular conrer of Pompeii is expected to yield rich results. The Anti- Ganibling Bill has passed the Belgian Chamber. It extends over two years, and during that period the casinos both at Ostend and Spa will close -their doors. 