VITALITY RUN DOWN Dyspeptic Debility. RECOVERY RAPIDLY ACHIEVED. T © Caae of Mr. E. J. J0NE8. <BY A BRISBANE KfcrORTKK.) At the particular moments when wc lm*'e greatest need of grayling t he sharp realities of life do the threads of thought become in on obstinate to knit. Ti is in those iinnrl especially that the words of Mi*. Kdward John Jones will be found of invaluable as njstanco. The reporter found Mr. donee liusily engaged in effecting iniprovciiients about his residence in Pear-street, Dunellun Estate, near Brisbane; hut there was iio re luctance shown to put down tools and au* svver the writer's questions, 14 Yes," said Mr. Jones, **I was very ill, and for a great number of ye.u-g. too. I was working at a butchering company's works at the time, or, to be nearer tho mark, I was trying to work there; for I used to g » one day and stop away the next, because I b:id not enough sinngth to keep going re> j.ularly, and it took very little uxerLion to Knock me up for the day. Wiien I got np f.-onj bed my mouth wis in «s objectionable u state as if 1 had Iron drinking over night with a yellow iin't«r «»n my longm*, mid I felt so sick ilmi i could ii.-t loo. n; breakfast;. <». iug to work with nil duply Momach was a mailer which made mc quite unable to do a lyihing like n fair mornings work, but when dinner time oume 1 still 11.id tio appetite, and so I went on till I be cime a physical wreck. My vitality WHS inuuing away every day, and I had no means of keeping up a supply of energy( be cmse 1 could take no nourishment It was ueual for me to go on like this for a couple of dayB or so, mid then I found myself hungry. r '.??iY 1 1 w ? . i- aftei eating ft i-limli "liutility nt i-'i'-i i..\ npprMH1 tiiel olF again, und J M as I* fi wui'm: o<»ndi ti »n than bofon- f li.t. i «»ai*m anything.'' " That seems ratio r strange. Why were you worse than if you had. not touched fold at all?" "Beoause I had such awful pains in tho utomach, which got pressed out with wind to eucb a degree that I could not bear to fool my clothes against mc, and the sharp, g'iping pains which followed soon after ? nearly drove iue to distraction. I felt as though something heavy had stuck in my chest; it was so bad at times that X could not breathe for it, excepting in shortgasps, and whetbnr it was the exert ion I was put to in fighting against this sense of suffoca tion wluoh oaused it I cannot say. My heart used to take to palpitating in a way wliich gave me great anxiety; for I felt cer tain that I was suffering from heart disease, and I nearly worried myself into the grave through thinkiug that 1 was doomed to die « sudden death. I -consulted a doctor, in the hope of saving myself from getting any worse, but the physics which he gave mc did . iiot arrest the pragmas of my disease Iuow became tormented with unceasing headaches, and there were extreme pains about my . loins and,shoulders, whicli proved very troublesome. My legs used to get the ; cramps, and were so weak and shaky that I could not get about at alL11 " How long were you under the care of the doctor you mentioned ? ". "Quite long enough to find out that he . wopld sever cure me; 00 I tried njy luck With'another medical expert, and took the mitficines he prescribed for a long while; but the disease kept hacking away at iny . constitution all the time, my internal organs meanwhile becoming so weak that I could not keep a mouthtol of anything on my etomatdfc Z was continually vomiting ajid rctchtng, and after each attack I was quite prostrated and worn out, my eyes feeling -ready, to jump ont of their sockets on ac count of being so swollen, whilst it was im* possible for me to rend, because my sight una BO bad. All thin would not have been £0 bad if I could have got a little nlt-op at nielli; hut when darkness came 011 I could only lie in restless anguish, with the most depressing thoughts torturing my tutu '. My nervous «yslem could m«t hear the brunt of my snlVci ings any longer, mid with the collapse of my nerves cam^a great addition to my distress. 1 trembled hI the rustling of a leaf, whilst the sound of a vo ce caused me to shake in every part of my anatomy." " How did you oast nil these troubles aside?" '. By 110 other menus than taking a good course of l,'laments Tonic t ut 1 did not take that medicine till 1 had 1 een treated by several doctors with ut Hucce-p, and had also tri« d nearly every pliy«i«: advertised. A young fellow at Qucentqi rt u>ld me to take Clements Tonic, and it relieved ine at once of constipation uud t e sic .ly ta»te in iny mouth, i had been irritable and de spondent for years, but clement* Tonic made me feel contented atid cheerful, be cause the sense of physical languor gave way to a general fee ling of aniim tiou nnd in* crossed vitali y. CI-nn'M* . oii«- gave me 118 go d I! ;<)»:. tit-' n . ii..<i i' iil miv life, "nd ;li. r. a. j . ti'id that i.»c pain* i« my . .<ud *n«.u< dors were gradually Je.u'i'g me. Omeag.«m I brealhrd the air of lilV w u :i freedom, nd I lliauked God thut the w.uhl was 1 Jessed with such a remedy as Clements Tonic; for I now slept soundly, and did not feel my limbB aching WIh-h i woke up. The uiedi* ctno I was takicg dispelled nil fi>aib of hesrt disease, as thut o*gnn was soon heating with a healthy tegnlailiy, and the severe pains which had been ciuiki-'I by wiml in the stom.icii wen- sent in ih»- " nn- duvct'on ub al1 my other p.tinK 1 < «VII u regular Inn /tell 10 myfi if I'm uiiiiin u \e.ir, bu*. the ^dmuhtting p'operlios o[ Uieme/rs Tonic put my nervous system in hucIi gmnd onler that I fell as if 1 had been Worn nuain. My blood had been out of order lor a long whit', the Bkin which had covered my emaciated frame l>eing co^eie.i with sores and hlo'c' es; but a further use of Clemems Tonic removed them all, be ides giving me an increased supply of rich blood throu .hout my body." You mentioned that you had i>e n un able to keep your food down." " Yes; hut that dtllicult.y was got ov *r be* fore I had fiuished t« y tirst bottle of Clementa Touio, and every panicle of food gave mc greater strength. From the time my psius were ended my recovery was achieved rapidly, and as I h«d considered my case to be a hopeless one, you can judge iny heartfelt gratitude when Clements TO jo saved me X have great pleasure in giving you permission to publish my remarks in any way you may deeui (it." 8TATUT0RY DECLARATION. - . I, Edward Joiin. Joncb, of fear-street Dunellftii Estate, near Brii)>sne, h» i)ieSu»te of Queensland, do solemnly and aluosrcly dei'la e as (oIIom'S : -Thai I have caretullj' r ad the "annexed dccumeot, coimiKt Ing ol three folios, and conwcutircly numbered from one three, and that it eotitahm and is a true and faithful account of my tllneMsand cure by Clements Tonic; and al«o oon<aiuBniy full pur* mtufon to pttblith fn any in inn#r my which I (five voluntarily, and witliuui re^eiviny any .pajrmeul'iaud 1 make thUaoteuin decl&r.itl;«n cotiei'ieu tloiuriK believinir tlie aaioe to be true, nnd by virtue ot the provUioni of tbe Oaths Act, 807. d/firvU Taken and declared before tne at Coorparoo, 8outh Brisbane, this twentythitd day ct Auguft, cm thousand nine hundred and one, GEOEOE H, BARDSLEY, A Juvtloe of the Pcaos. I PULL On holidays two par I (lea of men or boya will frequently get hold of the opposite ends of a / OBSaEUxaw rope and pull on ft, as , a teat of the strength , J 22? of the two parties. ?A ' They call it a tug-of wai. Many a hard-working man and woman in each day's toil ia pulling a tug of-war, with death for an antagonist. They fail to take propr cars of their health. Wiien they suffer from indigestion or a alight bilious attack they "wear it out." After a while these disorders wear oat th« reckless man or woman, and the result la aonie serious disease develops. Dr. Morce'i Indian Boot Pills is a medioine that find* its way to every part. They oommenoe at the foundation of the diseaa1); they get at the cause. They make the appetite healthy, the digestion perfect, the liver active, and the blood pure. TALKS FKOM EXPKRIBNCR.-Mr. T. J. Cummins, Waugarrata, Vio., says:-" For the put twelve months I have Buffered front Impurities in the blood, whioh manifested itself in blotchy pimples, causing me great incouvenienoe, and at times pun. Aoout five weeka ago I commenced to use Dr. Morse's Indian Root t'illa, and am pleated ti say that the pimples have quite diaip peared, and my general health has much im proved. Iattr bute this to their blood purify ing qualities." Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pilli are a positive cure fur Biliousness, Indi gestion, Dyspepsia, Constipation, Sick Heidiche, Liver Diseases, Sallow Com plexion, Kidney Troubles, Gravsl, Gall St mes, Jaun lioe, Flatulency. Foul Breath, luHnensa, Female Ailments, Piles, Pimples, Biiils, Blotches, Scrofula, Eczema, Rheuma tism, Neuralgia and Impure lilood Sold by chemists and storekeepers; price, la l&dper; bottle, or six bottles 0 < fid, or same will ba ?nailed, put paid, upon reoiipt of prioa. Sole proprietors, The IV. H. Camstooi Co., Ltd. (Australasian D6p6t), 68 Pitt-atreat, 8ydney. 30 Italians landed at Fremantle on Friday last. The Immigration Restriction Bill could not be applied to tbem. Mr. Wragge still adheres to it that we are going to have rain very toon. In Roma there are eight candidates (or the three vaoant municipal teats. Another deputation waited on the Post master-General asking him to put into font the anti-gambling clause! of the Postal Aot. \He said he would not do so until be bad the distinct assurance that the good sense of the community was with him. If the community did not want the Host Offioe to carry letters to Tattersall'e, he was quite sure his department would be as fai hful io ihe community in this matter at it had been in other matters. There is some talk of connecting S&ndgate; and Brisbane by tram line. King Edward desires that the independence and integrity of China should be maintained intact, and that the happiness and prosperity of the Chinese should be fostered by an en lightened rule. 1 he New Zealand Premier slates tbat he is going to let the Imperial authorities know that Now Zealand and Australia are annoyed at the army meat contracts not being placed with them. While engaged in shunting operations at Tamworth Railway goods shed on Saturday a porter named James Chin was crushed between the buffers; He died on the way to the hospital. Ihe unemployed difficulty in Berlin is so acute that the Emperor bas decided to devote the money which it was proposed to expend in illuminations in honour of his birthday to charity. Cooktown had Sins, of rain on Saturday, and at Cairns the rainy season has set in. The marriage of Lord Btavordale to the daughter of the Marquis of Ii&bdondarry; was celebrated on Saturday. Th» presents, whioh number a thousand, were valued at £340,000. The United States Government are trying to buy the Danish West Indies for £1,000,000. Denmark ia taking a plebiscite of tba inhabi tants, but they are expeoted to object to the transaction. The enormous autn of 100,000,000 ta»l>, which was buried in the women's quarters of the Palace before the Chinese Court fled from Pekin, Ubb been recovered. At Wngta Wagga, a boundary rider, who was far away from hie station, fell from his horse and broke his leg. He tied a written message around his dog'a neck. The animal ran home and returnod with assistance. Splendid Farm Properly "for Private Sale, AT TANNVMOEEL. One Hundred arid Sixty-eight lores. llOnotrs under the plough-60 aores under maize (good stage). Balance first-class Agricultural Land. 60 chains from Tannymorel Railway Station and Cheese Factory. 40 obains from permanent water. A grand Faim .in. a grand producing district. Highly improved and highly cultivated. GRUNWALT Acres GRUNWALT S3. MORGAN has been instructed by Mr. , Louis Butls to sell privately the above Magnifioent Property, situated close to the Tannymorel Bail way Station, and which was originally known as the "Bound Scrub." The property is subdivided into three pad docks.and is substantially fenced with palings and netted wire. The home eoniists of hand some 6-roomed House, 2-roomed (detached) Eitoben, large Barn, and other necessary im provements. The buildings are faithfully built, and new. The property is without a rival in its own district, and ia-i farm worthy the name. The Auctioneer, from whom all Eartionlara as to price, £o., oan be obtained, as oonfidenoe in recommending this desirable property, which is just now in a p°rfect state of tilth. Half the purobasingon ba advanced at a low rate of interest for a term of years. Clifton Divisional Board. SEALED and Separate Tenders {or the Construction of a BRIDGE and Ap proaches over the Condamine Rivrr, at the Rooky Crossing, Sooth Toolburra, and (or eleven other Contraots io various parts of the Division, trill be rroeivod at the Board's Office, Cliflon, up to G p.m. on SATUBDAY, Feb ruary ICth, 1902. Specifications may be seen at the Board's Offiop, Oliflon, and tbe usual places in the Division. Each tender must be accompanied by a Cash deposit ot 5 per cent, tor contracts over £20, the minimum deposit to be 10s for oontracts up to £5, and 20a for contrasts over £5 and up to £20. The lowest or any tender not necessarily aooeptcd. By order, H. MOTT, Clerk to Board. Board's Office, Clifton, January 22qd, 1902. THI" successful business man advertltai always-always beeping himself blfore the pnblic. WHAT IS WARNER'S SAFE CURE? For the information of those who may be in ignorance as to what War ner's Safe Cure is, and what it does, particulars are given. In 1879 it was discovered that certain vegetable extracts, when in combina tion, in proper proportion, exercised so wonderful a specific action upon the liver and kidneys, that diseases of those important organs were invariably cured when a course of the medioiue so com: pounded was undergone. The dis coverers of this remarkable fact, after demonstrating the peculiar powers of the medicine, determined to publish to the whole world their discovery, and have ever since advertised the medicine very extensively under the title of War ner's Safe Cure. Thousands have had cause to bless the day when: this determination was made. Were the discovery still to re main unpublished, Mr. J. Devair, of 203 Brougham Street, Darlinghurst, N.S.W., whose experience is related In the following letter, dated 18th Sept. 1901, would never have known how to regain the health he had lost:-" About twelve months ago I was suffering from severe palpitation of the heart, and pains aorosa the small of my baok and between the shoulder-blades. My appetite was very poor, and of course I lost flesh. I tried several medicines, but obtained no relief until I was ad vised br a relation to take Warner's Safe Cure and Warner's Safe Pills. I procured a bottle of the former and a phial of the latter, and took both ac cording to the direotionB. I found, after taking the medioine for three days that the pain was easier and my appe tite was better. I took, in all, five bottles of Wflpner's Safe Cure, and two phials of the pills with the result that I was completely cured." A. WONDERFUL ESCAPE, The coach running between Tallangatta and Lightning Oreek, Vsi bad ft wonderful escape from serious nooident last' week. When Larsan'a cutting, between Eskdale and Mite Mitta, a Bpot where the track is very narrow, was reached, one of the horses suddenly swerved and jumped over the edge.of the embankment, The descent is almost sheer for 200 feet. There trerp two male passengers be sides the driver on board. They were surprised to find themselves, about half way down tb« precipice, uninjured, etoept far »lew urtVcbui, The coach and horses oontinued their descent till they reached a lagoon at the bottom, having rolled over and over several times. Singular to say, neither the horses nor the coach suffered much injury, and after a few hours' delay the journey to Mitta Mitta was continued. Clifton Dlvfalonal Bonrd. ANNUAL ELECTION. THE following Gentlemen vera nomina'ed at noon to-day si O&odidates; for the vacancies la the above Board: 8utomsiON No. 1. JOHN WEL LESLEY ABMSTBOH Q Nobby MAAS HBINBICH HINZ, Book Plaint. JOHN O'SUULIVAN, Mount Sibly, Green moant. SUBDIVISION No. 2. JOHN LOGAN, Olitton. SUBDIVISION No. 8. JEBEM1AH COLLINS, Table Top. FRANCIS GEORGE HENBF GRIMES, Spring Cneek. A® DITOBB. DANIEL O'LEARY, King's Creek. John Logan is declared duly elaoted mem ber of the Board (or Subdivision No. 2, and Daniel 0'Lea.ry Auditor. There being more Candidates nominated for Subdivisions 1 and 8 than required, a POLL will b* taken on SATUBDAY, the 8th day ot February, 1902, commencing at 9 e'oloek in the forenosn, and cloilng at 5 o'clock in the after noon at the following places SUBDIVISION No. 1. Greenmoant State School. Ramaay State Sohool. Back Plains State Sobool. Pilton State School. A)lor» Town Hall. Olitton Board's Office. ScBcmuON No. 8, Goomburra State Sobool. Spring Creek State Sobool. GladSeld, Mr. I. Lyons' Allom, Town Hall. ClKton Board's Offloe. H. UOTT, Beturnlng Officer. Board's Offioe, Clifton, January 18th, 1901. ELEGTOBAL NOTICE. THE Bi monthly (February) Courts to ad judicate upon Claims for Registration and Revision for the Electoral Distrlot WAR WICK, and for auoh portions of OBNNfNt} HAM and OAMBOOYA as are oompriBM within the 'Warwick Division of those Elec toral Districts, will be held at the Court Honte, Warwick, on TUE9DAY, 4th February, 1002, at 10 a.m. Dated at Warwick this 14th January, 1902. J. STEWART BEBOE, Electoral Begistrar. _x _ Warwick Hospital. A SPECIAL General Meeting of Subscribers will be held in the Court House, War wick, on THUBSDAY, February 13tb, at 8 p.m. to elect a Committeeman in the room of Mr. Vf. M. Mnrgan, resigned. Nominations to be in the hmda of the Secretary on or before THUB6NAY, 30th Januarv. in tant. F. H. 8ELKE, Secretary; 