GENERAL INFORMATION. The cost of St. Peter's, in Home, wns over £14,000,000. Each person in the civilised world consumes an average of 80 lbs. of meat yearly. It is estimated that the death-rato of the world is t>7 a Ininute, lUK' birth rate 70 a minute. \+ < The population of Zululand is a bout 150.000 oJ whom only 500 arc Europeans. Reed pens, ■ split at. the onds like quill pens, have boon found in Egyp tian tombs, dating probably 2000 B. C. A, sugar company in Hawaii ox pects to produce an average of five tons of sugar-per acre for its whole property of 4,GOO acres. The world's fillips carry 180,000, 000 tons of merchandise a year,- and of this one-(|uartcr by weight is coal and one-tenth wheat. In Hungary, a black cloud sudden ly obscured.the sky, and a shower of greenish, opalescent'insects began to descend,'"'covering the ground to a ■ depth.of a foot. ——*$ Chinese immigration to Australia has almost entirely ceased. Mast ers of vessels are forbidden under a heavy penalty, to bring more than one Chinaman to every 300 tons. Danish railways are now being supplied with Canadian coal by the Daminion Coal Company, which has secured contracts in Europe for the supply of 50,000 tons of fuel. •$> AU the descendants of Brigliam Young, the founder of Mormonism, are to meet at Salt Lake City, Utah They will include 47 children, 294 grandchildren, and 745 great-grand children. In the schools of Japan the Eng lish language is required to be tau ght by law. The Japanese youth in the open ports and commercial cit ies are all eager to learn English as a passport to wealth, position, and employment. Some of the wooden churches of Norway are fully 700 years old, and are still in an excellent state of pre servation. Their timbers lmvo suc cessfully resisted the frosty and al most Arctic winters because they have lieen repeatedly coated with «.ar Gigantic water power develop ments are, projected in the Alps. There are now in-tlie French Alps 48 factories supplied by 250,000 horse-power, electrically generated. Engineers estimate that 3,000,000 horse-power is now running to waste in the Alps. At Buda-Pesth the wooden pave ments -of a whole street has just been stolen in broad daylight and in view of the policc. The thief ap peared in the forenoon with a gang of labourers, whom he ordered to pull up the pavement, which he sold forthwith, promptly decamping with the proceeds. The two oldest secret trade proces ses now in existence are said to be the manufacture of Chinese red, oi vermilion, and the method of inlay ing the hardest steel with gold and silver, which seems to have been practiced at Damascus ages ago, and is known only to the Syrian smiths and their pupils cveri to <Uvy' At 5 years of age boys are genei ally taller than girls ; but the girls appear to equal them at the eleventh year, after which the boys rise a gain above the girls for two years. At about twelve years the girls sud denly become taller than the boys, continuing until the fifteenth year, when the boys regain their super iority in staturo. One of the peculiar features of trade in China is the great quantity of old iron Imported—plates, tubes, waggon tires, horseshoes, railway spikes, wire rope, hoops, and general scrap-iron. This is worked over, welded together and put to various uses in the small blacksmith shops throughout the country. It lllust rates tlic intense economy of the people and the small value of labor. 