GENERAL INFORMATION. Each person in the civilised world consumes an average of 80 lbs! of meat yearly. It is estimated that the death-rate of the world is 67 a minute, and the birth rate 70 a minute. The population of Zululand is a- bout 150,000 of whom only 500 are Europeans. 4 Reed pens, split at the ends lilce quill pens, have been fouDd in Egyp tian tombs, dating probably 2500 B. C. A sngar company in Hawaii ex pects to produce an average of five tons of sugar per acre for its whole property of 4,600 acres. \- The world's ships carry ISO, 000, j O00 tons of merchandise a year, and , of this one-quarter by weight is coal j and one-tenth wheat. | In Hungary, a black cloud sudden- j ly obscured the sky, and a shower of ' greenish, opalescent -insects began to descend, covering the ground to a depth of a foot. Chinese immigration to Australia has almost entirely ceased. Mast- | ers of vessels are forbidden under a , heavy penalty, to bring more than ' one China-man to every 300 tons. Danish railways are now being supplied with Canadian coal by the Dominion Coal Company, which has j secured contracts in Europe ior the supply of 50,000 tons of fuel. — All - the descendants of Brigham Young, the founder of Mormonism, are to meet at Salt Lake City, Utah They will include 47 children, 294 grandchildren, and 745 great-grand children. '¥ In the schools of Japan the Eng lish language is required to be tau ght by law. The Japanese youth in the open ports and commercial cit ies are all eager to learn English as a passport to wealth, position, and : employment. Some of the wooden churches of 'Norway are fully 700 years old. and are stfU In an excellent state of pre servation. Their timbers have suc cessfully resisted the frosty and al most Arctic winters because they have been repeatedly coated with tar Gigantic water power develop ments are projected in the Alps. There are "now in the French Alps 48 factories supplied by 250,000 horse-power, electrically generated. Engineers estimate that 3,000,000 horse-power is now running to waste in the' "Alps. y At Buda-Pesth the wooden pave ments of a whole street has just beeta "stblen in broad daylight and in view /8f the police. , The thief ap peared in the forenoon with a gang of labourers, . whom he ordered to pull" up the -pavement, which he sold forthwith, promptly decamping with the proceeds. The two oldest secret trade proces ses now in existence are sa\d to be the manufacture of Chinese red, or vermilion, amd ' the method of Inlay ing tee'feariiest "steel with gold and silver; , whhcb seems to . have been praciiced.at Damascus ages ago, and isknown only to the Syrian smiths and their -pupils even jto this day. At '5 years of age boys are genei- ally taller than girls ; tout the girls appear to equal them at the eleventh year, after which the boys rise u- gaih aliove the girls for to years At .about twcl ve years the gii'ls sud denly become taller than the boy s continuing .until the fifteenth year, when teq bgft qg«ia their «upvr 