SUMMARY At Ballarat on AprillO a Criminal Court jury returned a verdict of not guil- ty in connection with the murder charge that had been preferred against Robert B. Hawkins. An elderly carrier named W. Nugent had one of his legs badly crushed through his horse bolting and colliding with, a lamppost in Kalgoorlie on April 10. The injured leg will have to be amputated, and it is feared that Nugent will be un- able to survive the operation The March gold yield for the Ivanhoe mine was ll,089ioz from 11,406 tons of stone, etc. The output of this mine up to date totals 13 tons 13|ewt (avoirdupois) Mr.W. F. Sayer, M.L.A., is to bc offer- ed the position of Parliamentary drafts- man. Dr. Black, the president of the Cen- tral Board of Health, is to bc a member and Mr. J. Stronach, the secretary, of the Civil Service Classification Commis- sion. New railway passenger fares have been approved and'are to come into force on the 1st prox. They show some small ré- ductions for the short distance journeys. The Pcrth-Fremantle first-class return has been reduced from 2s. 6d. to 2s. The total number of persons injured in the football disaster at Glasgow was 325. Serious Socialist disturbances are re- ported from Belgium. King Leopold was insulted in the streets of Brussels, and serious conflicts occurred with the police. Major Maller, giving evidence before a Commission sitting in New- York, testi- fied that General Jacob Smith had order- ed the American troops to convert Sa- mar, an island of the Philippines, into a howling wilderness, and to give no quar- ter to anyone over 10 years of age. In the House of Representatives on Ap- ril 10 a Bill to provide £23350 for Coro- nation expenses was passed through all its stages. The Bill provides £16,000 (in- stead of £26,000 as at first proposed) for sending troops to England, £5,500 for illuminations, and £1,850 for the PT imo Minister's travelling expenses. The item of £2,000, to send a rifle team to Bisley, was struck out. The Queensland Government has offer- ed a reward of £500 for information which will lead to the apprehension of the perpetrator of the Ithaca tragedy. Mr. Rhodes's political will has been published in Mr. Stead's "Review of Re- views." Its author aspired to create a great society, copied as regards organi- sation from the Jesuits, with a view of securing vast bequests for thc j remo- tion of race unity, and the federation cf England and America. Sir Henry Jackson, Governor of the Leeward Islands, has been appointed to succeed Sir George O'Brien in the Go- vernorship of Fiji. Three men named Thomas James, Ro- bert Roberts, and Thomas Munro, be- longing to a Fremantle prison gang, made a determined attempt to escape on April 10. They broke away from cus- tody, but were eventually recaptured. Hie trial of Robert B. Hawkins, on a charge of having murdered his wife at Kooreh South, on December 6, was con- cluded, before Mr. Justice A'Beckett at Ballarat las week. The defence was that. Mrs. Hawkins's death had been caused by the accidental discharge of a gun. Tlie jury, after à short retirement,' re- turned a verdict of not guilty. At the Mayoral reception, in Welling- ton. N.Z.. to the Victorian Lahom Commissioner, Mr. Outtrim, the guest said that he was surprised and pleased to find in what an amicable manner in- dustry was carried on in New Zealand. The masters and men were working with the best feeling. The cost of the per- sonal investigation by tho members ol the Commission into the working of the New Zealand labour laws would, he said, repay Victoria a thousand-fold. He thought that he could honestly say that New Zealand had the highest class ot labour legislation in the world, and he also thought that that legislation had come to stay. The masters of the mail steamers In- dia, Britannia, Oceana, and Anna ni were fined in Sydney on April ll for having poimitted prohibited immigrants to land m Australia. Mr. Seddon, the Premier of New Zea- land, states that owing to being afraid of interference from foreign iiattons tho British Government has snown a mis- taken leniency in dealing with the Boers. Mr. F. W. Moorhead has been offered i and has accepted the position of fourth Judge. Frank Hearnden was sentenced to five years' penal servitude at the Criminal Court on April ll for the larceny of 280 sheep, the property of W. T. Loton, at Northam, in January last. Edward Hall was acquitted on April ll on a charge of murdering a Chinaman at Donnybrook on March 20 last. I Four hundred and fifty thousand small arms and 240,000,000 rounds of ammuni- tion have been supplied to the troops rn South Africa. General Jacob Smith, of the United States Army, admits having ordered the I troops to fire on 300 Filipinos who wcro carrying a while flag. Schalk-Burgcr, Botha, Delarey, De Wet, Reitz, and other Boer leaders are in conference at Klerksdorp. The New York newspapers declare that 20,000,000 sterling have been squander- ed by the American Government on anti- quated transports, fraudulent 'conunis 1 sions, and supplies in connection with the campaign in the Philippine Islands. Socialist riots have again occurred at Brussels, and dynamite outrages have been perpetrated in several parts of Bel- gium. The troops have been served with ball cartridge. The New South Wales Public Works Committee has decided to construct a deviation, at a cost of £377,754, to avoid the zig-zag over the Blue Moun- tains. Western Australia's contribution to the Commonwealth Coronation Contin- gent will be nine men. Tile Victorian Marine Board decided on April ll to charge Captain J. B. S. Medley with misconduct in having care- lessly navigated the s.s. Paroo when tho latter went aground last Tuesday night. At Ballarat, on April ll, a man named Michael Quigley (24) was sentenced to death for having criminally assaulted a young woman atYendon.on March 1 last. The "Timos" correspondent at Odessa states that the proposal to mobilise the Russian fleet at the end of July, simul- taneously with the unprecedented con- centration of troops north of Odessa, is not without significance. The Landsthing, or Upper House, of the Danish Parliament, has carried a re- solution opposing the sale of the Danish West Indies to the United States, until the islanders, by a plebiscite, have ex- pressed their approval of the proposed transfer. The "Daily Expresé" states that Sir Hiram Maxim, will shortly offer a prize of £50,000 to the inventor of the first sue. cessful flying, machine. The machine must not b© on the balloon principle, it must attain a satisfactory speed, and be suitable for military purposes. Mr. Yerkes, the American financier, has secured a capital of £15,000,000 with which to convert the London under- ground railways into electric railways, and to construct and work four other lines in London. Speaking at Kalgoorlie on Saturday, tho Minister for Railways, Mr. Kings- mill, said that he intended to have din- ing cars attached to the Kalgoorlie ex Íircss, and he hoped also to be able to lave corridor cars attached to the same train later on. On Sunday morning a braccman named ed Jolin Hodges died in the Kalgoorlie Hospital as the result,of a fall down a winze at the Great Boulder mine. The Morgans Cup, competed for. ia connection with the Perth Flying Squad- ron, was won on Saturday by tho y&clit; Dragon. Mrs. Jamieson, mother of Mr6. K. Manning, of Fremantle, diêd on Satur- day from injuries received through hav- ing been knocked down by a buggy dri- ven by Dr. Paget's groom. The New Zealand Parliament w'll meet on July 1. The price of the 41b. loaf of bread in Wellington (N.Z.) has advanced to 7 On Sunday morning a fire destroyed two storeys of Messrs. Hoffnung and Co.'s bulk store in Brisbane. A firei which caused damage to the ex- tent of £10,000 worth .occurred in Sydney on Saturday afternoon. "Death from strychnine, jself adminis- tered " was the verdict returned on Sa- turday by the jury who inquired into tho cause of the end of Harris J. W. MOM IE, of Parker-street, Perth. Mr. Seddon, the Premier of New Zea- land, has expressed the opinion that the British War Office, iii refusing to sivi more direct commissions to colonials, has shown that it has "no.true conception of the best interests of the army." Forty-four labourers have accented work from the Newcastle Hunter River Shipping Co. at, 48s. per week of 60 hours. The Rev. Dr. Talmage, ¿he famous preacher, is dead. The charred remains of Constable Doyle aud Mr. Dilke, who are believed to have fallen victims to the Keniffe family of bushrangers in the Mitchell district of Queensland, have been found. The evidence which the police havo sc- oured goes to show that the bushrangers murdered the two «nen and then burned their bodies. At Hobart on Saturday a man named Davidson struck a hotelkceper named McAllister, and foiled him to the ground. McAlister, in falling, bit his head upon some object, and, as a result, died al- most immediately. A deputation from the Liquor Reform League waited on the Premier, on Mon- day, and asked that as the first step to- wards the Stat Î control of the liquor traf- fic, the Government should itself open houses for the sale of liquor at Rottnest and the South-West caves. The steamer Kinfauns Castle, which was stranded on the Isle of Wight, has been refloated. The profit from the fair which was re- cently held in the Melbourne Exhibition Building, in aid of the funds of the Con- vent of the Good Shepherd, at Abbots- ford (Vic), amounted to £12,185. Mr. B. C. Wood, who is a candidate for the representation of the Metropoli- tan-Suburban Province in the Legisla- tive Council, opened his campaign by addressing a meeting of the electors in the Cottesloe Hall on Monday. Mr. Seddon, the Premier of New Zea- land, left Wellington for Sydney, en route to London, on Monday. Albert Edward MacNamara was exe- cuted in Melbourne Gaol on Monday for having burned his house down, thereby causing the death of his four-year-old son. Prior to the execution, MacNa- marra endeavoured to commit suicide by rushing his head against the iron bars of his cell. The March gold output from the Sons of Gwalia mine totalled 4,S04oz. From the Cue One mine, 400 tons of stone were crushed for 478oz. of gold. An aboriginal named Earmarring, alias Melon, was arraigned in the Crim- inal Court on Monday on a charge of the murder of Dr. Vines, at Braeside Sta- tion, on September 9, 1899. After the case for the Crown had been closed, Mr. Justice Parker directed the jury to re- turn a verdict of not guilty, and Melon was discharged. On Monday, at the inquest in connec- tion with thte murder of the girl Daisy Amadec, at Ithaca (Q.), Mrs. Findlay (the mother of the murdered girl) stated that she suspected the girl's father of being the murderer. Efforts arc being made in Sydney and Melbourne to finance an Australian rifle team for Bislcy. A citizens' meeting in Sydnay on Mon- day decided to give the Prime Minister, Mr. Barton, a demonstration prior to his leaving for London. A girl died from bubonic plague in the Brisbane Children's Hospital on Satur- day last. The three prisoners., Thomas Munro, Robert Roberts, and Thomas James, who recently made a sensational bolt from the quarry attached to the Fremantle, Pri- son, but were speedily re-captured, "were tried tor their offence by Mr. J. Lilly, J.P. on Monday. They were sentenced to close confinement for one calendar month, the first Eeven days of the time to be spent in a dark cell on bread and water. " The drawing in connection with the Druids' annual gala took place in Mel- bourne on Monday. The Uni.ed States Congress has voted Mrs. McKinley, a pension of £1,000 per year. - No fresh cases of plague have been reported ia Sydney for five days past. Two fresh cases came to light in Brisbane on Monday. A teamster, named Russell, attempted to commit suicide by cutting his throat at Meckering on Tuesday morning. Last night Russell was in a weak state, and his recovery was considered to be doubt- ful. Many of the coal-miners are threaten- ing to leave Collie in consequence of the slackness of work-caused by a shortage of trucks on the railways. The men state that they are being starved out. The septic tank system of dealing with refuse is to be carried out by the Works ! Department for the municipality cf j North Fremantle. j . The scarcity of trucks and engine- j power in the working Railways Depart- ment has had the effect of retarding thc j construction of the Nannine railway. The engines and trucks being required for \ the ordinary and water traffic, it has not been possible yet to haul the rails for the new line to the Murchison district, j The Minister for Works in a statement made to the Press on Tuesday defends his Dt^irtment from the charge that it has ï oí. been expeditiously carrying out the ; puh&i; buildings authorised by Pàrlia- j men'. Th* long-promised William-street bridgy is to be erected as soon as the working Railway Department approves of newmans that have been prepared. It is ai^'cipated that by the new pro- posals ii will not be necessary to pay compensation to neighbouring property owners, and that by the letting of the shops to be provided in connection with the, bridge the work will pay 4 or ö per cent, on the capital cost. At the request of the Federal Attor- ney-General, Mr. Walter James, K.C., has been retained in all cases where tho services of counsel are required in this State by the Commonwealth. Mr. Joh» William Clark was on Wed- nesday elected a member of the Guildford Municipal -Council, in the place of Mr. George" Hisco-t (retired).' ' . Thc president of the Wellington Cham» bor of Commerce asserts »hat industrial arbitration has increased the cost of pro- duction, without improving the quality or increasing thc quantity of thc output'. He strongly condemned the actions of the workers' unions. The Defence Department in Melbourne has issued detailed particulars of the for- mation and pay of the Australian Coro* nation Corps. From these it aopears that the Corps will consist of 9 officers and 2?1 of other ranks. Western Australia's con- tribution to the corps will be one sergeant and six men. Two Wost Australians have been killed at Bulfontein, in the Transvaal. Thein names are not given. General lau Hamilton has inflicted a defeat ou a large Boer force in tho Western Transvaal, and Colonel Colen-* brander has defeated General beyere'g force in the north. Thirteen New Zealanders have been; killed in a railway accident in South Africa. The British Budget was submitted ip' the House of Commons on Monday. New. taxation, in the form of corn and flotftj duties, an addition to the income taxi and stamp duties, is proposed. The Imperial Government intend ¿a ask Parliament to authorise a loan of £32,000,000. The body of Richd. Horsfield, engineer of the Government steamer Pelican, who: with the steamer'6 cook, F. Dohney, Info been missing since Easter Monday, was recovered on Wednesday in Green Island Bay, Rottnest. The third annual chrysanthemum* show, under the auspices of thc Fr mantle Horticultural Society, wa6 openi ed in the Fremantle Town Hall on Wed«, nesday afternoon. ' The American War Office has con* ducted a series of experiments with' wireless telephony with remarkable re« suits. A gun explosion occurred on the Brit- ish battleship Mars. Two officers andi nine men were killed. The American public are demanding! that General Jacob Smith shall be tried by court-martial for alleged cruelty to the Filipinos. ., * Further rioting is reported from Bel* git-m. During the recent outbreak M Brussels 1,000 cartridges were fired by, the police. ! ' Myles Flynn was on Wednesday sen tenced to 20 years' imprisonment for having been concerned in the Port Ade laide highway robbery. Flynn protested that he was innocent of the crime, and he claimed that he had been convicted in consequence of his character. The Government have decided to u.f# during the coming year, approximately, 80 per cent, of Collie and 20 per cent, of Ne'vcastlo coaî. This will entail a 10» of £14,000. . ' All the branches of the public servie* under the control of Mr. Leake, as Fte* ir.ier and Attorney-General, have been¡ excepted by the Governor in Exccutrcq Council from the operation of the Publia Service Act, "in order to facilitate açt. n iuistration, and in anticipation" of ; tho work of the Royal Commission on tba civil service." Mr Leake states thkß thc other Departments of the service can be similarly withdrawn from the operad tion of the Act if Ministers controlling them desire it. The Secretary of State for the Col** nies, Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, has made an important announcement with regard to the powers of the representatives of His Majesty the King, in withholding the Royal assent from Colonial Bilk). Mr. Chamberlain states that the Bills of self-governing colonies will not be interj fered with, except where public Ittft' perial interests are concerned, and thats an appeal against Colonial Bills, other* than those indicated, must lie with ths Colonial Parliaments. A . Tlie Minister of Trade and Customs has ?ssued instructions permitting thaï manufacture in bond of tobacco intended/ for export in âll the States. \ As the result of the Boer drive, conç ducted by General Bruce Hamilton itt the south-Eastern Transvaal, 145 Boer« were killed, wounded, or captured* I M. Sipiaguine, the. Russian Ministcf for the Interior, has been assassinated^ \- The Bulgarian Government has de* cided to dissolve the Macedonian Reycj$ lutionary Committee. ~ The Swedish Antarctic expedition jag, returned to Terra del Fuego. * ( *. Tho new British war loan of £32,000,% 000 has been sanctioned by the House ot Commons. ¿ The Socialists in Sweden have decidí on a general strike as a means of com-/ pelling the Legislature to grant universal suffrage. i j According to the new railway freight^ which come into force on tho 1st pro£.>i eight hours instead of 12, as at present* are to be allowed for the loading o£ lia* loading of a truok. Í A Criminal Court jury has decided tua« Michael Lynch, who killed Mary Maherf by cutting her throat, near the MÖW; bourne General Cemetery, is not gullra or murder. It wag shown afc the trial that Lynch was subject to fits oí in'ßfW nity. > W President Roosevelt, of the United States, has ordered an indictment to bs prepared against tho Americaú »¿|§ Trust, which corporation, it is aUe^eqi has adopted illegal means to increase tbjy price of meat. The Swedish Socialists have decided^ a general strike as a means of eecuraLff the privilege of universal suffrage. The American War Office has Jjeeri conducting a series of experimente tyiijl wireless telephony. Remarkable result^ lia ve. been achieved. The Duke of Manchester has settleS with his" creditors, who have accepted a composition of 12=. 6d. in the pound. . The Swedish Antarctic Expedition, t ifler the command of Dr. Otto Norde «kíold, which sailed from Gothenburg October last, has returned to Terra < íuego, in South America, The Agents-General for Australia a New Zealand have addressed a joint o Sorandum to Lord Halsbury, the Lo lancellor, respecting the adultérât! 5>f butter. They suggest that there shot be a definite atandard of 16 per cei moisture, and that if thi6 percentage \- exceeded, it shall be compulsory to lal the commodity butterine{ or give it soi other designation implying that the < tick is not pure butter. The Judicial Committee of the Pri ' Council have heard the following a peals:-Commissioners of Taxation New South Wales v. Anthill : and ti same v. the trustees of Saint Mar Glebe. Judgment in each case has bei reserved. . Sir Wilfrid Laurier, the Canadii Premier, rejoices at England's new p licy, which has, he states, cleared tl way for arranging a system of larg trade between the different parts of tl ¡Empire. The fund for raising, in London, memorial to the" late Queen is still undi £200,000. A rupture has occurred in the diph inatic relations between Italy and Swi zeriand, owing to the Swiss Governiner refusing to prosecute certain anarchii newspapers. The Irish Unionist Alliance has ac dressed a memorial to Lord Salisbury, r< questing the Government to maintai order and to suppress sedition through out Ireland. At the Vienna Jockey Club, Coun Potocki, a Polish" nobleman, los 3,000,000 crowns (about £40,000) at bac carat, in 20 minutes. The money wa lost to Szeuierne, an Austrian sports man. Twelve thousand natives, under en Êageiuent to work in the Rand mines ave arrived ^at Johannesburg. The simultaneous presence at Tangier à seaport of Morocco, of the Russian an« French fleets, is considered to imply tba Russia intends to support the irene! African ambitious. A dynamite bomb exploded on Satur day outside the British Consulate, a ? Caracas, the capital of Venezuela. Ni damage was done. Lord Cromer, the British Agent "anc Consul-General in - Egyptv report) en Egyptian surplus of £2,000,000. The United States Congress has votet Mrs. McKinley, the widow of the lat< President, a pension of 6,000 dolían .<£l,000)ayear. Mr. Frick has formed an American Steel Trust, a rival combination to that promoted by Mr. Pierpont Morgan. Tho capital of the concern is £40,000,000. The new Trust will control many, irou end steel mills in the eastern, western, and central districts. Lord Moant Stephen, the eminent Canadian banker, has endowed the poorer parishes of Scotland with a gift of £80,000. At a meeting of delegates of the Free Churches, held iu London, at which eight million adherents were represented, the (Education Act Amendment Bill' was strongly protested against as being re- actionary and clerical in character. It is stated that many non-comformists in the provinces will also strongly "protest # against the Bill. The Bishop of Peterborough (Eng.), was thrown from his horse on April 15. JAt latest advices he was still unconscious. ? '. " * A messenger has informed the Viceroy ? 'of Canton that General Su's army was attacked by the Kwang-Si reliéis in a »arrow defile, two thousand of the troop« being killed and captured. The total deaths to the 16th of April fey smail-pox in London reached 1,015. Of those who died pone had been vaccin- j v" a-ted during the past ton years, except 65 jwho had been vaccinated after contact ¡with infected persons. . * 