I Colonel Byng has defeated a largi [ force of Boers under Commandant WOE 1 sels, near Liebenberg Vlei. The Brit ish fifteen-pounder and "nom-pom" cap tured at Tweefontein were re-captured. During the same engagement fiv« Boer6 were killed, six wounded, and 23 captured. A building in which the United States emissaries conveying Miss Stone's ran- som were sleeping was wilfully fired. Tho party, witp its treasure, was saved. The feeling is growing in the United States that the Philippines, if retained, will prove both troublesome and costly. The Rev. Mr. Pienwaar, a Dutch pas- tor, protests against the wild and in- decent charges which are destroying the character of modest Africander girls in the concentration canins merely in order to serve lying tongues and unscrupulous pens. The National Burgher Scouts have captured 13 Boers at Middleburg. The second reading of the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill has been carried in the House of Commons. The Boer delegates in Holland angrily contest Lord Lansdowne'^ assertion that they have no voice in . Boer councils. They declare that thc British are still tryinpr to exterminate tho Boers and to wreck every effort to promote peace. Hadda Mullah is renorted to be fo- menting unrest in Afghanistan. Referring to Dr. Kuyper's recent pro- posals. Lord Salisbury, in the course of an address on February 6, said tbe war had reached a stage when the sug- gestions of the intellect ought to have more weight than the emotions. Lord Salisbury also stated tbat tho Government would welcome with delight any peace proposals that involved recog- nition of the King's ricchts and provided for the security of the Empire. The Legislative Assembly sat from half-past 4 on February 6 until a quarter of an hour after midnight, with the usual tea hour adjournment. With the exception of. the first Jiourj the time was devoted to the considération of- the Loan and Supplementary Estimates. The proposal, on the Supplementary Estimates, to make au entertainment al- lowance of £2,000 to the Governor was withdrawn by the Government, and £1,000 substituted. The amended proposal was discussed with some bitterness. The motion to strike out the whole item was negatived, and the later proposal of the Government agreed to, the House dividing on each question. The proposal to grant au honorarium of £1,000 to Mr. John Davies, the General' Manager of Railways, upon his retire- ment from the service caused an amount of discussion, which but for the lateness of the hour would evidently have been greater. A motion to strike the item out was negatived, as was also one to reduce it to £500, and the item, as printed, was carried upon a division. The death of Sir John Colton, K.C.M.G., of Adelaide, is announced. The Foreign Committee of. the United States Senate has favourably reported upon the Danish-American treaty for the acquisition of the Danish West Indies. Tlie King has been pleased to accept the offer ot six battalions of militia to serve abroad. Sir J. A. Cockburn, formerly Agent General for South Australia, in a letter to the "Times," declares that the re- mount scandal should show the unparal- leled advantages of establishing remount depots in Australia, as advocated by Sir Langdon Bonython. The present headquarters of the Boers' itinerary Government is in the Steem kampsberg Mountains, in the Eastern Transvaal, north of the Delagoa Bay Railway. Mr. Barton has formally accepted, for himself and Mrs. Barton, the invitation to attend the Coronation of His Majesty the King, and proooses to sail for Lon- don about the middle of May. Sir John Forrest, in a telegram to the Premier, denies emphatically that lie ever authorised by telephone message the collection of duty at Fremantle in- stead of at Wyndham on cattle imported from the Northern Territory of South Australia. The Premier, on Feb. 7, informed a lai ge and representative deputation ; from the eastern goldfields and the town of Northam that the Government were doing all they, could to expedite the construction of the Goldfields Water Supply Scheme, and that efforts would continue to be made in-that direction. Tbe visit of Senators to the thirteen alternative sites for the Federal capital will commence next Tuesday. The Senate has adjourned until Tues- day, 25th inst. M. Kantcheff. the Bulgarian Ministor' of Instruction, hasbeen assassinated!"; ; A gas explosion occurred ' under - «, street pavement in Chicago. \ ßeverni buildings were wrecked, and thirtewen pei sons wer© killed. " V M. De Blowite, ? the Paris boirreapond 'ent pf the "Times,^ states -tnàV "the j opinion is guning ground tbat ihé Difc&i; Government would be glad io rid Hol Jand of the Boer, delegates, whose agita- tion is disquieting the coiintry. .. A child, aged four years, was run OVÉ by a train, at Coolgardie, on Feb. 7 and killed. Seventy Europeans recently joine General Botha through Zululand. The Kruger clique in Holland ar greatly incensed by Dr. Kuype^s fruit les9 intervention. The total British losses in the'Soutl African campaign to the end of las month, including deaths from disease were 965 officers, and 24,340 men. . M. Kantcheff, the Bulgarian Ministe of Instruction, has been assassinated b; a Macedonian. The assassin afterward committed suicide. - The assassin of M. Kantcheff, the Bul garian Minister of Instruction, whi afterwards committed suicide, was ¡ disappointed University Professor. Thirty lakhs of rupees (nearly £200,000) have been promised in Indi« towards raising a Victoria Memoria Hall. The Prince of Wales has been installet a Fellow of the Royal Society. The Denka tribe recently looted a Bri tish convoy at Rimbek, south of Khar toum. Lieutenant James Scott Bar bout, of the Highland Light Infantry was killed. The Canadian Government have decid- ed to contribute 5,000 dollars (aboul £1,000) annually towards the upkeep ol sample rooms which the Ontario manu- facturers propose to establish in London. Miss Nance O'Neil, the American tra- gedienne, has taken the Lyceum Theatre, Mahmud Pasha, the Sultan's brother in-law, who lately fled to Corfu, has been sentenced to death in default of his ap- pearing at Constantinople. The value of jarrah and karri exported from the State during 1901 was £572,047, showing an increase of £114,011 on the return for the previous year. For the same period the wool exports were valued at £378,135, being an increase of £107,417 on the figures for 1900. The expenditure for the month of Janu- ary totalled £250,086, or £8L839 less than the revenue for the month. This saving has increased the credit balance to £174,529. The United States Government are firmly supporting Britain and Japan in favour of tho "open door" policy in Man- churia. The death is announced of Mr. Thomas Sidney Cooper, R.A. France has ordered a first-class ar- moured cruiser, to cost £1,000,000. Small-pox broke out on the steamer Kansas, during a voyage from Boston TO Liverpool, eighteen of the cattlemen and crew being affected. Commandant Marais has been captured by a part}' of scoute hear Laingsburg. Van Niokerk's commando attempted to set the Braakpan collieries on fire, but were driven off by a British force be- fore they were able to accomplish their purpose. Further details of the recent fight at Liebenberg Vlei show that the New Zea- landers behaved with great gallantry. Arab dhows in the Gulf of Persia are using the French flag to cover the traffic that is being carried on in slaves: The capture of Commandant Albert and 131 Boers was the result of a night march, the Boers being taken by sur- prise and making scarcely any resist- ance. In the match, England v. Western Dis- tricts (N.S.W.) 16, McLaren's team made 505 and the local men 177. McKibbin, the ex-Australian eleven man, bowling for South Fremantle on Saturday, took five wickets for 7 runs. Sir Arthur and Lady Lawley arrived at Albany on Sundav. by special train. There were 300 other passengers on the train. The Agents-General for the colonies have been granted the private entree at the King's first levee. Sir Courtenay Peregrine Ilbert has been appointed Clerk of the House of Commons. The inhabitants of the Danish West Indies have been allowed two years in which to declare their allegiance to the United States. An insurance agent has been sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment at Edin- burgh for having forged a will purporting to be that of an eccentric land- owner in Fifeshire, Scotland, named Johnson, who was known as "the hermit of Lath risk," and who died some time ago. The Poles, to show their resentment at the attempt to Germanise their country- men in Eastern Prussia, are boycotting the German health resorts. The Gah cians, who formerly visited these places, are now going elsewhere. Tlie Archduke Franz, heir presumptive to the throne of Austria-Hungary, has arrived on a visit to the Czar at St. Petersburg, where he was heartily wel- comed. The British imports during January show an increase of £4,143,832. while tho exports decreased £495,957, this being attributed to the fall in the price of coal. Double tbeusual quantity of sugar was imported during January, in anticipation of-the Budget proposals. ; - - A descendant bf the .W^^W fliers has ?.captured Iliad, .the capital of /Nfijd, whose Atnéer has withdrawn frbni. the' vicinity, of-Kqweyt, in . order to' defend his. own kingdom. ]' France has decided to compulsorily .buy. out the English syndicate concerned in;.-the construction loffthe ;Ethiopian. Hailway, which-conheets the .coast with the south-east of Abyssinia. Thé object of this determination is to free the Com-, «¿ny trouai EttgHsh" influence.. . I A denial bas been given to the renort I circulated a few days ago that a Vene- zuelan gunboat had sunk the steamer i Libertador, belonging to tho rebels, while her boilers were undergoing re- pairs at a Colombian port. Many Australian lambs have been con- demned at Smithfield, owing to their emaciated condition. The first-elass British cruiser Amphi trite has gone ashore in Suez Bay. Mrs. Markwell, a resident of Chid low's Well on Monday morning failed to notice and stepped in front of a goods train, by which she was knocked down. She died from her injuries last evening. Forest Banger Kelso, of Coolgardie, in a report to the Minister, for Lands, speaks highly of recent Italian immi- grants who are engaged in woodcutting on the eastern goldfields. Germany intends to place four battle- ships and additional cruisers and gun- boats on the Chiua station. The British warship Amphitrite, which went ashore in Suez Bay, has been re- floated. It is feared that the missing British war vessel Condor has foundered after a collision. The attitude of Mr. Kruger regarding the war is described as calm and hopeful. Dr. Leyds states thatr the recent ad- vices he has received from South Africa are quite reassuring, and that the Boers at present in the field can prolong the war for another decade, if necessary. Refugees are returning to the Rand at the rate of three thousand monthly. Afire which occurred at Paterson, New Jersey (U.S.), caused damage to tho extent of ten million dollars. The recent operations against the Boers in the east of tho Orange River Colouy resulted in 283 of the enemy being killed, wounded or captured. The Bri- tish casualties numbered 10. General De Wet and a small following escaped in the darkness by rushing a number of cattle at a wire fence in con- nection with a blockhouse line, and breaking through amidst the cattle. Tho British movement is described in Press comments as one of the best con- ceived and executed movements during the later part, of the war. The R.M.S. Oruba shipped from Fre- mantle for London on Monday specie and gold bullion to the value of £144,703. A man named John McDermott, be tween 60 and 70 years of age, found on Monday, near Wclshpool,on the Canning road, died shortly afterwards, from thc effects of exposure. Mr. Seddon does not favour the pro posai to establish a depot for Boer pri sonors at Chatham Islands. He think that New Guinea would be a more suit able place for the purpose. Five thousand four hundred men hav< applied, for enrolment in the Ninth Nev Zealand Contingent. The death of James Foy, aged 15, on of the Sydney plague patients, is re ported. ? Capt; Mumford, who is now serving sentence of four years for casting awa; the yacht Ariadne, has received an addi tional six months' imprisonment, to b concurrent with the present sentence for endeavouring to bribe a witness. Speaking in.-the House of Coinmonf Mr. Brodrick, Secretary for War, mad a statement relating to the supply c horses for South Africa. He said tha the United Kingdom supplied 60,00 horses for the purposes of the war ; th United States, 77,000 ; Australia, 20,000 Canada, 11,000'; South America, 20,000 and Hungary, 24,000. Ninety tbousan had been captured. Lord Milner has appointed a munie pal council of ten members at Pretoria. A jthousand permits allowing refugee to return to the Sand are being issue each month. This represents the retur of three thousand souls. It is ai nounced that this number will shortly I doubled. The Kaiser has ordered the police to suppress the meetings of the Christian Scientists. The accounts of the Australian Pas- toral Company. Limited, made up to June 30 last, snow a profit of £3,600. The losses of stock amounted to £60,650, leaving a debit balance to be carried for- ward of £57,160. A Boyal Commission has been appoint- ed to inquire into the Melbourne Univer- sity finances and management. In reply to a petition presented to him on Tuesday on behalf of the Kookynie people, the Minister for Works stated that the Working Railways Department could not at present take over the sec- tion of the Leonora line as far as Kooky niOj but that possibly the freight charges levied by the construction branch of his Department might be reduced. The Industrial Conciliation and Arbi- j tration Bill, after being further amend, | ed, passed through Committee in the Legislative Council on Tuesday. The third reading was fixed for to-day. The Early Closing Bill was read a ¡ third time and passed in the Legislativo Council on Tuesday. f \ In thdfeLegislative Council on Tues- day thc Companies' Duty Act Amend- ment Bill was thrown out, on a division, by 10 votes to 9, :.-'X!^lon(Bl-Picçnart-i-':În an article in a French periodical, declares that England ¿ would be a -far-more valuable ally -for vFrànçe than Germany ; '.-^Prince Victor Napoleon, the titular bead of the French ' Bbnapartist party, bas undertaken to retire "if France would »refer another jo preside over the work ofc^%enerkti6h."¿ JLt'is believed Prince Victor refers io nis ^younger brother, j -, A case pfAsmaU-pox 4has been reported ^'{^'l^tlfi^l^oritíes at Dublin. The Allan liner Grecian went ashore at Halifax (Nova Scotia) during a snow storm. General Hubuer, of the Austrian Army, after a visit to South Africa, states that the whole conduct of the British civil and military authorities has been excep- tionally humane. The prisoners taken during.-tbe recenb operations in the east of the Orange ¡ River Colony report a mutinous spirit; among the Boers. Thev 6tato that when De Wet found himself and his men in a tight corner hh advised them to shift for themselves and then made off with a small body guard. President Roosevelt's son is reported to be seriously ill, and it is probable Prince Henry of Prussia's projected visit to the United States will bo deferred. ' The barque Langston, loaded with tim- ber, and bound from Bunbury for ^onî» don, has foundered off Cape Naturaliste'. The captain and the crew got away in à boat. One of the sailors died from ex- haustion shortly after the ship- wrecked party reached land. Lord Kitchener, in his weekly report, states that 69 Boers were killed, 1^ wounded, and 574 made prisoners, while 57 surrendered. Tho Allan liner Grecian is reported to have gone ashore at Wedded Rookg-,' Halifax (Nova Scotia), during a snow; storm. Cardinal Richard, the Archbishop qt Paris, has interdicted the Jesuits from preaching in Paris. Madame Melba has been commanded to sing a special coronation ode at Covent Garden before an audience which will " include tbe King and the distinguished! visitors to the Coronation. In order to secure greater structural strength, the 6peed of torpedo-boat destroyers has been reduced to twenty seven knots. Thc Samoan cases affecting the inter-) ests of Britain, Germany, and America, in whioh arbitration was decided upon, have boen referred to King Oscar of Sweden and Norway, as arbitrator. A body of three hundred Afridis raid- ed a village near Jainrud, and removed a number of cattle. The Khyber Rifles recovered the cattlo and took eleren prisoners. W. A. Barry,. the ex-champion sculler of England, has defeated Henry Pearcö, an Australian, in a sculling match over the" Tyne course. Barry won by threo lengths. The match was for a stake of £50 aside. The Workers' Compensation Bill was passed in the Legislative Council on Wednesday. At Northam on Wednesday Alfred Beel' and Andrew Thompson were committed for trial oh a charge pf wholesale sheep stealing from Mr. Tiototfs paddock at Northam: ' " At the inquest held at Cue on Wednes- day on the body of Daniel MCclinchy, the jury .censured Dr. Fvllard, for afc leged neglect. . It is now doubtful whether Parliament will adjourn next week. A treaty of alliance - has been signed between'Bri'tajn and Japan. The treaty will last for five years, and took effect "on January 30 last. Tho preamble to the treaty states that Britain and Japan are actuated solely by a desire to maintain the "status quo ? and general peace in the Par East, and to secure equal opportunities in China and Corea for the commerce and industry of all nations. Lieut. L. Maygar, of the Fifth Vic- torian Mounted Infantry, has been re- commended for the Victoria Cross. H.M.S. Egeria bas returned to Van- couver with portions of wreckage from the missing warship, Condor. As the result of the recent rains, the Railway Department has a four or five months' supply of water for the working of the Eastern goldfields railways. 