News and Notes. Lismore Council has voted its Mayor £50 for expenses for the year. The estimated population of New South Wales at the end of the year was 1,379,890. A seam of brown coal struck on the Wer- ribee Park Estate near Laverton (Yic.) is 100 feet in thickness, and the quality im proves as the depth increases. The exports of butter and cheese from New Zealand for January amounted to i'226,138, against £145,630 for January 1901, and of meat to £136,094 against £317,398. The recent gold discovery at Upper Dia mond Creek, a short distance from Melbourne, is turning out well ; a pioneer party has just crushed ten half-tons for 144 ounces of gold . Substantial prizes are offered by the Royal Agricultural Society of N.S.W. for riding and jumping and buckjumping competitions at their Easter show. The prizes range from £10 down to £2. In the Japanese Diet there was a stirring scene of enthusiasm at the announcement of ' the treaty, arid it was greeted with wild Out bursts of cheering. The Japanese Press declare the treaty will make peace firm. The iiondon butter market is still very firm. Choice Australian is quoted at 110s. with occasional lots at 112s— a rise of about 2s per cwt. The demand for secondaries continues. Danish, is firm at 116s to USs, a rise of 4s per cwt. A woman locked up at the Sydney Central Police Station last Thursday night, and charged with drunkenness, was found to have £191 in her possession, mainly in £5 notes. She said she had come down from the country to buy a hotel. Mr George Hunt, who is said to have dis- covered gold in New South Wales before Hargreaves did, died last week near Parra- matta, at the age of 83, from pneumonia. Deceased claimed that he struck a patch on February 5. 1851, from which he washed 17dwt of gold. At the Goulburn stock sales on Wednes- day, about 300 cattle were yarded, bidding being slow and prices lower. Best fat bullocks, £7 to £8 5s ; one pen of prime to £10Ts; fat cows £4 to £6 ; fat heifers, £3 10s to £4. Stores consisted principallv of aged cows, for which very low prices had to be accepted. Stock owners are holding back, i anticipating rain. Springeis brought £4 to £5 10s. v Mittagong is in a very peculiar position. The retiring aldermen, Messrs Moses, Groube, and Hudspeth, did not seek re-election, nor was anyone else nominated for the position, consequently the council has to recommend three gentlemen for appointment by the Government, and so difficult is it to find persons willing to act that it has been found necessary to advertise for qualified ratepayers willing to accept the appointment. The German liner Bremen, which arrived at Melbourne on Wednesday, had on board 37 Italians. 10 being for Victoria and' 25 for New South ' Wales After Tide- Inspector O'Brien had inquired into the antecedents of 'the immigrants, arid satisfied himself that they were all agriculturists, and the bona fides or the men pointing to their being eligible colbnists, they were allowed to land. Most of the immigrants are vignerons. Despite the South African war, and despite ' the * pessimists, the! continental nations are ?} in a' far worse condition financially than is Great ' Britain; In Germany, even in a period of profound peace, there will be, it is calculated, ;a deficit of some £5,000,000 next year, while Holland and Switzerland have also deficits.: France, again, has a deficit of over £6.000,000; thoueh about half of this is due to redemption of debt. Speaking at the senatorial dinner party at Goulburn ori Fhday, Si*' William Lyne said he had heard statements that they were giving sin unfair advantage to Bombala, It was said that they would spend four days there. That was not so, as most of the time would be spent in travelling there, and they would only have one day at Bombala. Mr Ashton, M.L. A.; said he would -not plead for Goulburn,' as : it had that day pleaded for itself with silent eloquence. : William Bachelor, 82, who for years re» aided by himself at E well, died recently in the Epsom Infirmary, after being found lying on the floor of his house in a semi conscious state. He was deplorably dirty and weak, and the 'house in a wretched state. The relieving officer was notified, and the old man removed to the infirmary. The deceased had considerable real propertv in E well, and upon the house being searched, £2000 in gold was discovered, in addition to a number of bank notes, one 50 years old. Silver ? plate, gold and eilver watches, and money were found in all manner of places. 