THE MERCURY HOBART: FRIDAY, JAN. 3, 1902. m s s JfiPITOMEOFNBWS. Mr. H. E. Downie appointed Commissioner of Taxes. ?-? Victoria Dock entrance will be closed to water traffic from 3rd to 9th inst. Tivoli Company performance, as usual, at the Temperance-hall to-night. Holiday folk well pleased. Shakespearian performance at Theatre Royal to-night. Mr. Dampier and company will play "The Merchant of Venice." Executive of Ancient Order of Foresters unanimous against State-aided old age pensions. Ronnie, s.s. runs to Eaglehawk Neck this morning, returning this evening. Huon, s.s., makes excursion to Huon ports this morning, returning to-morrow. Beautiful Star, ss., runs an excursion to-morrow morning to Channel ports and Cygnet. Silver 2s. 11d. London tin quotation and sales £106. Bowery Theatre, New York, burned. Girl murdered at Towitta, South Australia. German ultimatum to Venezuela delayed until rebellion is quelled. Boere repulsed on Saturday at Laing's Nek and Botha's Pass. Reception of diplomatists by French President. Czar and Czarina sent greetings to France. Victorian Order conferred on Crown Prince of Siam. Wesleyan centennial £1,000,000 fund completed onlBunday. Major Williams received fourteen wounds before death. Blockhouses prevented Botha reinforc- ing De Wet. Boers stabbed the picquet at Tweefon- rein, to avoid giving alarm by shots. London's death rate during 1901 averaged 17.10 per thousand. Danish. West Indies inhabitants protest against sale to United States. General Palma elected President of Cuba. Lord Rosebery issued . preface to his speech inviting support of a "National Policy." Attorney-General for N.S.W., Hon. B. B. Wise, leaves New Zealand for Hobart on the 31st. 2, The Scotia has sailed for Western Australia with .<&« remaining section of the raw «mrr«ttd«r»r« carried on a carter,. «jSBjy OMEO Botwto shoot two latest Enough South Australians applied for commissions in Federal Contingent to officer three units. A girl at Deniliquin has succeeded in shooting two boys with one bullet from a pea rifle. Hungarian Minister for Home Affairs advocates Customs tariff on a common basis in Austria-Hungary. Conversazione at the Imperial Institute on January 22, in honour of Sir H. Cherm- side. New company, capital £150,000. for Queensland' meat trade, registered in Lon- don. Canada's exports and imports each amounted to nearly 200,000,000 dollars last year. Earl of Rosslyn, by playing on a system, has won 100,000 francs at Monte Carlo. Admiral Colomb, MPs proposes Canadian and Australasian naval reserve to garrison Hongkong and Wei-hai-Wei. Marconi will experiment with wireless telegraphy from the Cape to South America. N.S.W. experiencing difficulty with regard to appointment of a new Governor, owing to the reduced salary proposed. Congress of Trades Unions and Co-operative representatives in London this month to formulate old age pension scheme. Lord Marcus Beresford appointed manager of King Edward's racers. inferred from this that the King will continue to participate in the sport. Leading Belgian daily newspapers tells Mr. Kruger that if British Government granted Boers independence, the entire nation would rise in protest. , Hon. A. J. Copeland proposes that Sir Andrew Clarke shall present colonial congratulatory address to King Edward on the return of the Prince and Princess of Wales. I WE referred recently to the retardation in the increase of the population of Australasia, as a fact which tends to falsify the calculations made some years ago, when it was assumed that our numbers would increase, as they were then increasing, by leaps and bounds. Politicians and financiers of the new school appealed to these calculations as a full I justification of the ever-growing pro I case of borrowing, and it was claimed that by the growth of population all financial problems would solve themselves. Since those days attention has been called by more than one Statistician to the retardation in the natural increase by births, as a permanent fact of which we must not fail to take account, while the spirit of our legislation, under the rule of the Labour Party, is directed avowedly to the absolute stopping of immigration, seven of persons who may come out under a direct engagement to work at specified industries. No keener satire could, we think, be well imagined on the liberality of the working-classes, than this fact, that a mere handful of people on the fringe of a vast continent, should decide that they are the absolute possessors of a land, to which many of them came glad to find a fair field for their labour. As we have said before, the tendency of federal legislation seems to indicate that the Imperial Government will strive to be firmer than it is at present, and that, if the Empire is to exist at all, we must have some federal system akin to that of the United States, under which the parts are kept within bounds by the central authority. In the meantime, pending the inevitable devel- j opment which must follow the tendency of our legislation if it is followed up, we have to consider whether we can keep up the financial policy which has prevailed, and from which we see no signs of departure. Many warnings are coming to us, both from financiers at home, and in Australasia, nor is it too much to say that the closest and most competent observers are of opinion that the time and the circumstances have come when it is most desirable that our whole financial position should be revised. There are some few who mock at these warnings, even as they mocked at the financial prospects set forth in connection with Federation, but their past , utterances will hardly win them much respect at the present time. "The Insurance and Banking Record," which is in touch with all the leading. I iwtwtinn*-^ Auster lawfully used attention to this subject, and it gave a list of the objects, of proposed, loan expenditure in Victoria, which may well cause us to ask, I can such things continue in the future a they have been common in the mash? The "Board." says:.-"The serious queen-. , tion presents itself, are the Australian I States wealthy enough to bear the addi- j tions! burdens they are assuming in the } way both of ordinary borrowing and ox- 3 penditureP" The. writer points out that the resources of these States are not increasing, while they are borxaming j and spending up to the highest point i poseiKe, and these is no sign of a cessa- tion. On the contrary, in New South Wales the Treasurer is prepared to har- j row to please Labour, and fix an arti- : ficial scale of wages. In Victoria, the MIA process is going on, every when, the population is steadily drifting away. In Tasmania money is being borrowed for various purposes, one of which is the construction of a railway which the. late General Manager warned us will not pay, and with all the uncertainties of federal finance to meet in the course of the present year. ~ In South Australia a land Queensland the same policy is the popular one, because it provides work for the view? persons who look. be shut j up a continent against their fellow > workers in, Europe, while, they; clamour for and get work provided, for them. out of the general revenue. As the "Record" says, the Governments employ labour at inflated wages on profitless undertake buggy a policy which, in the circumstances, seems to be rash and dangerous. Let us see how the case stands. In 1900 the public debt of the seven colonies was. £243,255,796, and since then sundry millions have been borrowed, and. more are to be sought for in the London market. Deducting the New Zealand debt, which was £47,874,453, us have £195,381,344 as, the debt of the Commonwealth a years ago, to which the mars recent borrowing must be added. The debt of the-Commonwealth was at idle date given £5? 2s 10d per head of the population, while the debt of New, | Zealand was 12 2s 5d per head. This is an amount of indebtedness which would appal the Canadians, who were frightened when they owed as many dollars as we owe pounds, and which would, certainly, have alarmed the early Victorian financiers, such as, May Childers, Mr. Ebden, Mr. Haines,, Sis John O'Shanassy, and several others who were cautious in their day. For, it must be remembered, that this great day, which is viewed by some with so much complacency, has to be paid: by a very few persons in reality. Assuming the population of the Commonwealth to be 3,700,000, too total number of actual producers will not exceed 600,000, so that the actual debt is not less than £325 per head of the producers. If the producers and their production were rapidly increasing, as. in the days gone by, we might argue that the amount would not be very serious, but even in such a case it would seem to be desirable to cease front borrowing, instead of year by year adding to the liability. In short, it appears to us, as to some financiers in London, as well as in Australia, that the point has been reached when a change of policy is necessary. The interest on the total debt of the six colonies which compose the Commonwealth in 1900 was annually 71 millions, to which, of course, the additional charges on recent harrowing have to be added. The question now being asked is, are we justified, in our actual circumstances in adding to this amount ? So far as Tasmania is concerned, the actual position is such as, to our mind, to demand the utmost caution, for the fact is quite undeniable that there is a prospect of a decline rather than an increase in our resources for a time at least. We have also to bear in mind that the Commonwealth proposes not only very heavy' taxation, which will certainly, largely diminish our resources, but has also, a J little loan of its own, which will be the forerunner of many loans to come. Besides all this, we now know that the Federation will cost a great deal more than the modest £300,000 once set down by the sanguine few, whose estimates have turned out to be so utterly fallacious. Now, with all these facts before us, not to speak of. the uncertainties, which we may reckon as practical certainties, in the way of outlay, it does seem to many that each State should pursue a cautious financial policy. In- stead of this, which assuredly, would have commended itself to the capable men who once dealt with Australian finance, there is a plain desire to yield to the Labour Party, which is always crying, "Give, give." Indeed, there is a close resemblance between the labour and the financial policy, for both are hand-to-mouth in character, with little else" save for present gain and a plain j disregard of the future. Louis Botha has decided to shoot every National Scout captured." . So runs a cable message. This is carrying reprisals to the extreme pitch of vin costiveness, for these Scouts are Boers, not so long since Botha's friends and allies. They are not enemies to the South African cause, although they have enrolled as combatants against their own kith and kin. Enrolment of the National Scouts arose in this way. Among the mere influential of the Boers who surrendered in September last were many who offered to form a corps of their own people for the purpose of assisting to bring the resistance of the irreconcilables to an end. Convinced of the utter futility of any further resistance to the British, and impressed with the fact that the great majority of the Boers are being made to continually suffer by the contumacy of the minority, who refuse to see the inevitable ; imbued also with earnest desire to live peaceably, and save what they can of their well-nigh ruined possessions, they have offered their services to the British Commander-in-Chief, and after mature consideration such offer has been accepted. As the "Cape Times" puts it -. "The Boers who are forming the National Scouts refuse to be classed as traitors or as unpatriotic, but justify themselves on the ground of the inter- eat of the greater number, for the sake of common humanity, and in the name of ordinary common-sense. They are brave men who are taking this step, brave because of all the circumstances they are prepared to face, and brave because their courage has been tested in many a hard-fought field against the English. They are all typical Boers, who know the wishes and desires of their countrymen, and in taking the step they have they only represent the very general feeling of the majority.; It may here be very confidently anticipated that the National Scouts will exercise an active as well as a great moral influence in bringing resistance to an end." Their chief leader is Commandant Colliers, a fearless man in a fight. Another prominent leader is Andreas Cronje, own brother to Pitt. Under such leadership they have done good work, so much so that De Wet, who, after siding and watching his time, has now, with renewed energy and vindictiveness, proved that he is still a potent instrument of evil will hold no parley. "Shoot them like dogs" is his mandate, and no doubt it will be obeyed. The Boers now in the field are marauders, fighting less for/s principle than for plunder., De Wet's tactics, as daily cables show, are those of guerilla warfare, in which no ' '4»jaß»mU deemed too shocking, for . <4rWU toe ment. They will agree to finish, though it may mean virtual annihilation and in view of De Wet's most recent pronouncement, the harder the fight is famed, upon them the better in the interests of solid peace. The National Scouts are not likely to falter in their new-found allegiance because in price is set upon their heads. "The Marx.!' Illustrations in "TBSP Tasmanian Mail" this week cover a tolerably wide field.. Prominently a page illustrating the rifle' contests at Sandy Bay.. Next there is a full page of rural scenery, ehowin£.eeveraLof the favourite spot where tourists love to ramble. Another page gives a weird and wild pourtrayal of the country; traversed by the Emu. Bay. railway. A pretty bit depicts New Norfolk, on Regatta. Day. Portraits include Alder- men Snowden, Crouch, and' Moore; Mr. L. N. Murdoch, the newly appointed secretary to the S.T.A. and P. Society, and the late Dr. Crooke. A cartoon.- The humour of life is- full of humorous significance,, and there are several sketchy bits which, fill out a good measure of pictorial attractions. Than week's issue also contains, ample reports of. the Christmas end. New Year's festivities. Cricketers are. well catered for. by "Nat Lee," who gives a. chatty and interesting account of the recent North, v. South match, played at Launceston, in addition to which is given, all the. latest possible information con- cerning the English team. Applebloseom, as usual looks after agriculture and pastoral interests and Mr. Terry is. equally alert among the poultry. The art or cider making, is the subject of a special Arnold. Some special incidents in the South African war, not previously, reported, are. full of interest. The Tasmanian RiflexAasoeiatiani recent matches are fully reported, and among other country news some North-West notes from our travel, inn correspondent, are given. Our London. i letter, touches on many important points, affecting. colonial matters, including some exclusively Tasmanian. Commonwealth affairs, as usual, find place, and all the mainland States are laid under contribu- tion: far. nz>«&. The serial story. A. Man with, a Past," is advancing towards finality,, and this week a supplementary tale, illustrated, details some more of the extraordinary adventures of the ubiquitous Captain Kettle. Throughout, it is an excellent number. ENGLISH' MAILS-The homeward.- bound mails which left Tasmania on the 26th November last arrived in London on the 28th, December, per RMS. Omrah. They were, due on the 29th ult. GOVEBNOU-GENBBAI/B GREENOW. - The Premier (Hon. N. E. Lewis, G.M.G.) has received the following message from His Excellency, Sir Arthur Havelock's have received a telegram from the Governor-General, sending me and: my Ministers, his best wishes for a prosperous New Year. I have much pleasure in communicating to you His Excellency's gracious massage, and have thanked him for it." COMMISSIONER OF XIAXK«.-A<t the last meeting of the Executive Council, Mr. H.. E. Downie was appointed. Commissioner of Taxes, etc.. the appointment to date on and from January 1. 1902. QUEENSLAND'S NEW, QOVJSRKO«,.-General Chermside, who succeeds Lord Lamington, is a highly distinguished soldier, of wide an varied experience. Born in 1850 the younger son of the Rev. 8. Chermside, on Wilton, he entered the Royal Engineers an 1868, attained the rank of Colonel in. 1887, and was gazetted Major-General in, 1898\. He was British military attache in. the Turks Russian War of 1877-78, served on the commission for the delimitation off the Turkish frontiers in 1879-80, and was military consul in Anatolia for the three, following years. Resuming ordinary mili- tary period in 1882, he earned the Egyptian medWaodetar in that year, and was subsequently transferred to the Egyptian Army, sitting in the Soudan from 1884 to. 1888\. He/ was Governor- General of the Red Sea Littoral for two years, and commanded the Egyptian Nile Frontier Force. 1886-88. He was then once more transferred to Asiatic Turkey, being appointed British Consul for Kur des tan, leaving that post in 1889 to become Military Attache to the British Embassy at Constantinople. He commanded the British troops during; the Cretan trouble, and in the South African war commanded the 14th Brigade under Lord Roberts. Sir Herbert Chermside, decorations, in addition to British medals and orders, include the second class of the Medjidie. He was made a C.M.G. in 1880, a CB in 1886 a K.C.M.G. in 1897, and a' G.C.M.G. in 119. LORD KITCHENER. This is the character sketch of Lord Kitchener, given by a young New Zealand soldier to the "Free Lance" she's a soldier out and out, b - of the stories of his cruelty and hard-hearted ness are all stuff. He wants work done, and means to have it done, and in his own way. too ; but once that's settled he is as good to his men as any of the Gene- 1 raia. - He was always very good to us a colonials, though he worked as hard. He knew we could stand it. He did immen S Hely proud of his troops, and the whole , there is in his work, in which anyone can see the delights. I have talked to officers who worked immediately under him, and they all agree that there is nobody like him for details. Nothing is left to others if he can look into it himself. After a hard day's work in the saddle he will hurry off, after a hasty meal, to a field: hospital ten miles away, and go from bed to bed, inquiring into each man's case, and asking how he fares." LONG SERVICE. Superintendent Bayles,, of Longford, who recently completed. 40 years' service in the police force, has been granted twelve months' leave of absence, prior to retirement OIL a pension. THE NAVAL COURT MARTIAL -The man I Thomas Patrick Roper, of H.M.S. Mildura, who were sentenced by Court Martial on Tuesday to two years imprisonment for striking a superior officer, has been placed in the Hobart Gaol to serve his sentence. | RECEIVED. The "Austral Light" for the current month is a good number. Mr. H. B. Higgins, M.P., discourses on "Australian Ideals, and Mr. H. B. Kennedy, B.A., contributes a paper on the "Irish University Question." The Rev. P. S. Sheehan, whose novel, "My New Curate," has been phenomenally successful, con- tributes -a complete story, "The Monks of Trebolgan." Miss Marion Miller furnishes the verses. FRUIT BOARD OF RICHMOND. A meeting of fruitgrowers will be held at Richmond on January 9 for the purpose of electing seven members to form a Fruit Board for the district of Richmond. GARDEN FETE AT STOKE. Complete arrangements have been made for the gar I den fete to be held at Stoke, New Town. I on Saturday afternoon. The fete will be under the patronage of Sir Arthur and I Lady Havelock. The names of the stallholders appear in this issue, and afford sufficient guarantee that all the arrange- 1 meats will be in good form, and attract 1 tive. A number of side shows and novel features of amusement will be provided, and the fete should be a really pleasant function. LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION. The annual meeting of the Grand Lodge of Tas | mania will be held in the Temperance hall' on Saturday. BREAKING THE BANK AT MONTE CARLO. Our cables state that Lord Rosslyn has won 100,000 francs at Monte Carlo. Lord Rosslyn, who distinguished himself in the war, chiefly by getting himself captured twice by the Boers, and has experiences on the boards and in the Bankruptcy Court to relate when the time comes for his autobiography, now seeks to emulate the doughty deeds of the gent of independent air, whose peregrina- tions along the Bois de Boulogne caused - . girls to sigh and indulge in temporary tremors of their eyelids. M'lud proposes to break the Bank at Monte Carlo not all at once, but by moderate instalment of £100,000 a year. All that he requires is an initial capital of £5,000. An exchange says-I will do the rest, with the end, of course, of a system of which he alone possesses the secret, but which he is willing to divulge to anyone who will subscribe. £100 to make up the balance of his capital. His lordship still lacks one half of the specified amount; the other half has been "promised" by speculative friends, who have been convinced of the soundness of Rosslyn's system by a series of experimental games. To an interviewer a few days ago his lordship said: Equality of chance. That is the whole basis of my system. Five years ago, while my system was yet somewhat imperfect, I won £5,000 at Monte Carlo. My system takes a lot of mathematics to work out. Here are twelve pages of foolscap I covered with calcula one in- three hours' play. Last Monday I gave our friend' here £15,000 to start with, and took £5,000 myself in counters, of course. In two days' won £1,200 from him, land had I gone on I must have won the whole £5,000. But it is too exhaust- ing. One must be a very good mathematician to work the system, and eight hours daily would send you mad in a fortnight. I can' lose evenly coups and win only forty, and yet come out £110 ahead. In a time I thank we must win £2,000,000 from Monte Carlo, and really break the bank. Or, instead of pulling the goose with < V golden eggs,' we might corneal cm selves with £100,000 a year. It would take an almost inconceivable run of bad luck to break the system. I cannot play at tra- tables by myself alone for it would soon send me off my head. I shall train about half a dozen miners, and we will relieve each other, each taking a percentage of the winnings. In future," concluded Lord Rosslyn, the player at Monte Carlo will be a mathematician not a mere gambier. The bank's success has hitherto been founded on the lack of combination among the opposing; players. That combination we shall, I hope, supply." GLENORCHY HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY. The summer show will be (held in' the ;,.,; Glenorchy CoxraeU-chaabm and iu»r.a-i<fe,ft¿ 