ITEMS OF INTSRfBST. A rep >rt of the Kookyuie Local and Warden's Court appears on the fourth page. It was recently stat. d in tn eaHtern new»(>»}>er that after An tra'ia bad been canvashej from end to end tho petition p: aying the Biiti Kh GOTJ rnment to attempt to end tbe war by < ffering to open up negotiations with the Boer loaders only received 800 signature*. It would be interesting to ktow when thin canvass was conducted. We do not believe Menzies was visited, and we haven't the leaat doubt that Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, and a few other innignifi;ant States were Somehow overlooked. In his report to tho Menzies Council ou Tuesday evening, the captain of the Fire Brigade (Mr W. A. IJottomley) drew attention to the dangerous state of affairs at the lccal school in case of fire, and said tbat should a fire break ont the children would be shut up in a trap. All the doors opened iuto one pasfag*, and the brigade recommended that two additional eecipe doors be put in. He e stated that it had been arranged to have the pchool bell rung by a special oode iu case of fire, also tbat a cyclists' corps would be established in connection with the brigade. It was decided to send that portion of tbe repoit dealing with the school on to the local school Board. During the year ended December 81 1901, immigrants of all nationalities who entered Weatern Australia numbered 32,787, of whom 80,851 were British and 1886 were aliens of European, Asiatic, Ameri(rtii, African and Polynesian origin, as follows : —Italiu-, 745 ; German, 140 ; French, 41 ; Austrian, 40 ; Greek, 36 ; Russian, SO ; Portuguese, 6 ; Spanish, 4 : Swedish, 3 ; Swisi, 3 ; Belgian, 8 ; Norwegian. 2 ; Danish, 2 ; Malay, 276 ; Chinese] 222; Manillamen, 109 ; Japanese, 74; Javanese, CI ; Afghan, 87 ; Indian, 27 : Cingalese, 2 ; Arabs, 1 : Egyptian, 2 American (undefined), 10 ; Mexican, 1 Argentine, 1 ; Polynesian, 8; Jewish (und«lined), I. During the year the depaitures were :—British, 19.G54 ; aliens, 1156, showing a gain in population an the result of excess of immigration over enaijrition of 11,107 British and 760 aliens of all nationalities. In committee of the Mensiea Council on Tuesday evening it WM decided to have alterations to the Town Hailatage, etc, carried out by day labor, aa the one tender submitted, amounting to £260, was considered too high. The Town Clerk's estimate was £220. Crs Montgomery, Buxtm and Co-per opposed the carrying out of the work, while Cra West, Watson, Henderson, Mantoa and the Mayor favored the work being done under the supervision of the engineer. An account for buggy hire, contracted last September in connection w t'.i the Ministerial visit, was discussed, and it was decided that it be paid out of the current account. Crs Montgomery, Cooper and Buxton wanted the amount paid out of the three per cent allowance, but Crs Manton, Wasson opposed this course. West, Henderson and In regard to the officer^ salaries we omitted in our report to state that tbe auditors* fees were reduced from £42 per annum to £20. 