%e HHfeeAd tabled, j IReuteu's Messages.} j The Marquis of Duflerin and Ava is in a critical condition. ? ,. , . . . Tho Bank ot England rate of discount is 2 lower, at 3id per cent. . Admiral Rawson has been appointed Governor ot New South Wales. Prince Ching'a son will represent China at the King's Coronation. The Daily Mail state3 that King Edward will visit Cannes on March 15. Earl Rosslyn has obtained a divorce trom uis -n ue on the ground of desertion. The press approves of the Commercial Bank of Australia reducing its capital. Several meetings have been held in India to pro test against additional taxation on tea. Schmidt, the defaulting director of the Cassell Malt Company, has been arrested in Paris. ? Mr. Wallace, the Director of Agriculture for Victoria, will sail for Melbourne in the R.M.S. Ortona. . Sir Charles Dilka and Mr. John Burns haTe intro duced a bill to establish a minimum wage in sweated industries. The French Chamber of Deputies, by 366 votes to 68, has abolished the drawback on sugar extracted ? from molasses. The British submarine boat at Barrow-in-Furnes has done a satisfactory trial. Her speed averaged 10 knots per hour. The lire at Capetown, reported last we -k to be rag ing in the heart of the city, has done damage to the iimount oi: £40,000. Western Australia is issuing a loan of £1,500,000 at 3 2 per cent, at the fixed price of 102-1 . The loan has been underwritten. Several shipmentsof Australian horses havereached South Africa in poor condition. Those from Argentine aro much better. The Middle Temple, of which he was a member, has disbarred Dr. Krause, recently'- convicted of attempting to incite to murder. A procession will take place on the day following the Coronation, and will follow the same route as did the profession on the jubilee of 18S7. Mr. William Redmond, M.P.. Nationalist, will visit America in order to continue the Irish campaign which his brother began in that country. Houldor Brothers', Limited, new steamer Oswestry Grange, of 10,000 tons, was launched last week at Belfast. She is for the Australian service. In pursuing fishing bo its off Vigo, the boiler of the Spanish gunboat Condon burst. The vessel fouudered. Nineteen of her crew were lost. Sir John Cockburn, formerly Agent-General for fonth Australia, delivered a lecture at the Imperial Institute on Tnesday on ' Federal Fulfilment,' There were laid on the table of the House of Commons this week Supplementary War Estimates for the war up to April, amounting to £5,000,000. Tne Archduchess Elizabeth Maria of Austria has renounced her claim to the throne of AustriaHun gary, in ordor to m irry Prince Otto Windisch- Graetz. A party of 18 persons proceeding homewards from a wedding at Usicai, Servia, was overtaken by wolves, and all its members were devoured by the beasts. Two French officers have been murdered on the frontier of Algeria and JTorocco. Tlie gFrench battleship Charlemagne has accordingly been ordered to Tangier. The virulence of the outbreak of smallpox in London seems to be abating. Lately there have been fewer cases of the disease reported to the authorities. Negotiations for the sale of the Danish West Indies to the United States have been concluded. The Minister at Washington has been instructed to sign the papers. The marriage of Lord Stavordale to the Marquis of Londonberry's daughter lias taken place. The pre sents are valued at £340,000. Souie of the Royal per sonages were present. Professor Zidlitz, professor of modern languages at the Wellington (New Zealand) University, has failed by tho German steamer Barbar'ossa for Sydney, tuence to Wellington. Notwithstanding the denunciations of the Irish Nationalists, the recruits in Ireland for the army have increased by 12 per cent, in the year, and for the militia by 8 psr cent. Tho Daily Express reports that King Alfonso of Spain will be crowned in Madrid on May 17, and that the Prince of Wales will attend the ceremony, as representing King Edward. As the Moana, which arrived at Vancouver last ?week, has brought no news of H.M.S. Condor, reported missing on the voyage from Esquimault to Honolulu, it is feared that the Condor is lost. Renter's Agency reports that tho dragoman at the United States Embassy at Constantinople has started for Jamidairasleg with tho money for the ransom of Miss Stone, the American missionary. The Colombia revolutionaries attacked the Govern ment troops in position near Bagota, but were repulsed. They lost 360 men killed, while the Government troops had 90 men killed. The New York correspondent of the Morning Post i reports that the navnl battle Off the Panama coast was merely between leaky tugboats, manned by Colombian inaurgents, and two Government steamers. The 'no rent' campaign on the De Freyne Estate, Ireland, is collapsing. Rents have been paid by the bulk of the tenants. [The DeFreyne estate consists of about 39,000 acres, and is owned by Lord De Freyne.] The steamer Offenbach, which recently went aground at Amsterdam, and which was subsequently floated and towed to Ymuiden, has arrived at Ham burg. The salvors claim £16,800 from the steamer and cargo. At the periodical 'tallow sales this week, 724 casks were offered, and 90 were sold. Prices were unchanged, as follow : — Fine mutton 39s 6d, medium mutton 33s 6d ; fine beef 34s 6d, aud medium beef 31s 6d per cwt. Lord Strathcona, High Commissioner for Canada, in a letter to the newspapers, states that Canada is anxious to develop the Intc-r-Iiupeiial trade. He invites inquiries, and offers publications in order to stimulate business. Mr. Voules, the editor, and Mr. Brousson, the city editor of Truth, have resigned, as they have been compromised by bribes given them by Mr. Wliitaker Wright in connection with the London and Globe Finance Corporation. The bve election for the renresentatiou of Dews bury, in the House of Commons, vacant by the resignation of Mr. M. Oldroyd, Libejal, took place oa Monday, and resulted m|the return of Mr. W. R'nnciuiaa, Imperialist Liboral. Mr. James Stirling, F.G.S., tlio Government Geologist of Victoria, who is acting as mining expert at the Victorian office in London, desires to return to the State, and has applied to be relieved of his present duties at tho end of May. The Novoc Vremya, a St. Petersburg journal, states that unless Russia is allowed ft freo exit from the Black Sea, sho ought to transform it into a Russian lake, which would bo absolutely closed to other Powers in the event of war. | The visit to Russia of tho Archduke Franz, the heir presumptive to the Emperor Francis Joseph, is partly attributed to tho statement of Count von Bulow, the German Imperial Chancellor, that the Triple Alliance is not indispensable. Tho New York Herald's Manilla correspondent says that the Filipino insurgents are becoming more and more irreconcilable. He says that out of fifty thousand American soldiers in the Philippine's only twelve thousand are -really effective'. Lord Stanley, tho Financial Secretary to the War Office, stated in tho House of Commons this week that the contract for providing meat for the army in South Africa provides for the supply of fresh meat at one price and of frozen, meat at another price. By tho explosion of a dynamite cartridge on Jthe underground railway, New York, a reserve of half a ton of dynamite in tho tunnel exploded. Eight persons wore killed and 100 others were injured. Damage to the amount of l,000,00ud'ol. (£200,000) was done. When tho Senate ratifies tho agreement for tho pur chase by tho United States of tho Danish West India possessions for about £1,000,000, Denmark will take a plebiscite of the islanders in regard to the sale. It is expected that the islanders will ob ject to the sale. Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, leader of the Opposition, congratulated Mr. Chamberlain in the House of Commons this week with having with drawn, in deference to Italian fooling, tho language proclamation prohibiting the use of Italian for ! official uso in Malta. ..The German lmperial yacht Hoherizollern which' is proceeding to America in connection with the visit of Prince Hency of Prussia, has sailed for Now York. [Prince Henry will land in Now York on February 22. He voyages by one of the steamers of tho North German Lloyd Company.] The St. 'James Gazelle reports that the reason for Lord Roaebery declining tho Leadership of tho Liberal Party is based on the refusal of Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, tho present leader, to with draw his statement that tho Government was using methods of barbarism in South Africa. Senator Depew has explained that, although no Anglo-American Alliance exists, there is an under standing botween the two countries that, in tho event o£ any international trouble, America will not aid the. enemies of England in any act in whatever part of the world it may be committed. The. Archduke Franz, heir presumptive to tho Throne of Austria-Hungary, will visit the Czar in February. The Archduke Franz goes to Russia nominally to be acknowledged in his rank of General Officer in the Russian army ; but it is considered that the visit is of high political significance. Semi-official newspapers on the Continent are try ing to discredit the statement by. Viscount Cran borno as to the friendly attitude of Great Britain to the United States during-the Spanish war. American newspapers acknowledge that Great Britain was tho best friend of the United States in a national emer gsncy. Senator Depew declares that the German Emperor is sending Prince Henry of Prussia to tho United States to sound President Roosevelt and hiB Cabinet as to how far the Monroe doctrine would be enforced if Germany should occupy Venezuelan ports for an indefinite period to collect the debt due to German bondholders in the railways. . Mr. St. John Brodrick, the Secretary of State for War, in replying in the House of Commons on Tues day to a question by Mr. W . Redmond (National ist), said that the Government allowed the colonies j the usual commission of 3 per cent, on the local ex penditure for raising and equipping contingents on behalf of the Imperial Government. An explosion occurred on Saturday in a colliery at Lost Creek, Oskaloosa. There were 300 miners at work, and tho majority of them escaped. Eight men who had been injured and eight dead bodies wero recovered. The remainder, numbering 26, are entombed in the colliery, and hopes for them have been abandoned, as the mine is in flames. Mr. Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the Colonies, stated m the House of Commons on Tuesday that in regard to the New Hebrides Great Britain proposed that a commission should be appointed to adjust land disputes in the islands. 11. Delcasse, tho French Minister for Foreign Affairs, Mr. Cham berlain stated, was considering the proposal. The election for the representation of Hampstead in the House of Commons, vacant by the retirement of Mr. E. B. Hoare, took place on Saturday, and re sulted as follows:— Mr. Milvain (Conservative) 3843, Mr. Rowo (Liberal), 2118; majority for Mr. Milvain 1725. [At the last general election, Mr. Hoare (Conservative) was returned unopposed.] Sir. R. Vaile, of New Zealand, a Radical, and a supporter of Lord Rosebery, is a candidate for the vacancy in the representation of Ecclesall, in the House of Commons, caused by the death of Sir E. Ashmead-Bartlett. [Mr. Vaile contested the seat at the general election of 1900, and polled 3230 votes against 5059 polled by Sir E. Ashmead-Bartlett, Conservative.] The New York correspondent of the Daily Chronicle states that on the eve of the Spanish American war, Great Britain avowed her intention to use other means than diplomacy to prevent a coalition of Powers against the United States. Upon this being made known, Russia immediately deserted France, and declared her sympathy with the United States. Members of the Hcuse of Commons are not hopeful about the prospect of peace. Their impression is that the Boers are specially anxious for amnesty for all rebels, and for money to restock their farms, and the withdrawal of the banishment proclamation. Messrs Kruger, Steyn, Leyds, Da Wet, and Delarey, insist upon independence ; Messrs Botha, Fisher, ancT Schalk-Burger are willing to recognise British sovereignty. '' v'' The appointment by President Roosevelt of Rear Adniiral Evans instead of Rear-Admiral Dowey to receive Prince Henry of Prussia in hie forthcoming visit to the United States is considared significant. Kear- Admiral Dewey is known to regard the naval policy of the German Emperor with grave suspicion. Strong efforts are being made at Washington to prevent Prince Henry talking politics with Presi dent Roosevelt and his Cabinet. Prince Karageorgevitch, the Pretender to the Servian Throne, has been summoned to St. Peters burg. He has issued a manifesto, urging the Servians to subscribe a memorial to his grandfather. This is regarded as a clever move to upset the Obrenovitch dynasty. [George Czarny, grandfather of Prince Karageorgevif.h, was the leader of the Servian revolutionaries against the Turks in 1801, and established himself on the throne with tho help of Russia, but in the end he was forced to flee. Melosch Obrenovitch successfully led the Servians in their re volt in 1815, and founded the Obrenovitch dynasty.] A magistrate has refused to permit the prosecu tion of Jesuits, on tho ground that the Roman I CatlioIicEmancipation Act is obsolete for that purpose. | He stated that the Government alone could prosecute. The Roman Catholic Relief Act of 1829, which re lieved Roman Catholics from a number of disabilities under which they Lad formerly suffered, enacted that the numbpr of Jesuits should not be increased, and ' tjbat they should henceforth be subject to registra tion. Some of the Jesuits, who have had to leave France on account of the religious association's law have gone to England, and in some quarters this immigration has caused uneasiness. The Prince ef Wales left London last week on his visit to Berlin in connection with the birthday festivities of the German Emperor. The North German Gazette cordially welcomes the Prince ef Wales, and hopes that the goodwill on both sides will be strengthened. The German Emperor awaited tbePrince of Wales at the railway terminus at Berlin and greeted him heartily. The Prince of Wales has presented the Emperor William on behalf of King Edward with a copy of Paine's picture of his renowned predecessor Frederick the Great. At the military luncheon in Berlin on the occasion of the birthday festivities, tho Kaiser proposed tho health of the Prince of Wales. He eulogised his winning manners during the great colonial tour which helped to unite distant Britishers with the rest of the Empire. The Colonial Club on Tuesday gave a banquet at tho Hotel Cecil in honour of Sir H. Cheriuside, the new Governor of Queensland, and of tho Earl of Lamington, the lato Governor. Sir Horace Tozer, the Agent-General for Queensland, presided, and among the 200 gentlemen present wero Mr. Dobson (the Agent-General for Tasmania), Sir Henry Norman (a former Governor of Queensland), Sir R. G. W. Herbert (a former Premier of Queensland), Mr. Lefroy (the Agent-General for Western Aus tralia), and Sir John Cockburn. Sir Horace Tozer. who proposed the toast of 'The Guests,' eulogised Sir H. Cheriuside and Lord Lamington. Sir H. Chermside, in responding, paid a high tribute to the worth of the Australian troops. Lord Lamington said he believed that timo would smooth the diffi cultiesiin Queensland incidont to federation. The board of control of the te3t matches to bo played with an English team by the next team of Australian cricketers in England, has determined as to the distribution of tho proceeds of tho matches. Half of the gross takings at tho gate is allotted to the Australian team. All the moneys taken in the stands and enclosures with the balance of tho gate money, less tho expenses, will be distributed as fol lows: — 10 per. cent to the ground on which tho match is played, 10 per cent, to tho second-class counties, and the balance (50 percent.) to be equally divided between the Marylebono Club and the 15 first- class counties. The selectors of the English teams for the test matches havo been appointed by the board of control. They are: — Lord Hawke (Yorkshire), Mr. G. MacGregor (Cambridge Univer sity and Middlesex), and Mr. H. W. Bainbridge (Cambridge University and Warwickshire). These will have power to co-operate with two amateurs from among those early chosen for tho team, 