Many Years' Dyspepsia. The Only Rational Remedy. The con of Mrs. R. Le G THISELTON. (BT AN ADELAIDE KEPORTBB.) When Ken by tbe writer at her borne, which is situated at No. 240, Gover-s' reet, North Adelaide, Mrs. Rose Le Gassick Tbiselton remarked:—" 1 am always glad to be able to do a good turn whenever it lies within my power, more especially if I can be oi service in alleviating the distr. as of others; and I am sure that those who take my experience as an object lesson will there by benefit considerably. Yes, I am ten years older now since my eyes were opened to the folly of running to the doctors with blindfold faith in their healing powers. If ever a woman suffered for such mistaken confidence, I did, for although I was treated by several qualified men for goodness only knows how many months, yet their medi cines had not the least beneficial effect. At the beginning of my illness the state of my health varied considerably from one day to another. At times I thought I was improv ing, and perhaps tlie next day I was prostra ted with a feeling of languor which took all the sunshine from life. After a while this condition became chronic, aud I could no more work than fly. Every detail of my existence became a bnrden. I felt too in different to talk, I had not enough energy to walk, and at nights my mind wis too active with unpleasant thoughts to allow of my sleeping. Hideons imaginations crowded my brain, and I used to give sudden ner vons twitches which came over me as in - voluntarily as a cold shiver." " Mow did such a condition originate? ' asked the reporter. 44 Through being unable to digest my food. I bad been a victim to indigestion for mauy years, the complications attending my com plaint being so distressing that 1 often wished myself dead. Strange jumping pains appeared below my neck, and X u as almost harassed to death with a choking seusation which arose from a feeling of oppression in my chest. Cramping pains iu the stomach were caused by wind which came from the food which had fermented, sometimes the tortures being so great that I was doubled up by them. My limbs ached for want of the strength which I was losing rapidly every day, whilst my back was so infested with pains that 1 could not hold myself up straight. Indeed, I had to lie down the greater pait of my time, for iny head ached with such intensity that if 1 exeited myself ever so little the result was always a ten ible fit of giddiness. My sight was bad, and my eyes felt as swollen as if I had beeu crying for a week. I did not give way to tears, but I fretted from morning till night, and in the end I became so despondent that 1 thought my lift was blighted for ever. The taste in my mouth made me so sick that ] turned from my food altogether, and.as coulo only be expected, I wore away to a shadow with sunken cheeks and a death-like coloui in my face. My health seemed hopelessly ruined, as I could get nothing to relieve me till I made the acquaintance of Clements Tonic, and then a surprising change set in." 41A change for the better, to look at yon new, Mrs. Thiseltoa ? " 44 Unquestionably. Why I felt a different woman when I had been on Clements Tonic a week or so. That medicine regulated my internal organs wonderfully well, besides giving entire relief from all the pains in uiy body. I ate in a way that considerably in creased my household expen>es, and I could always sleep well after a dose of Clements Tonic—a me Heine which I found to contain more stiength-giviug properties than all the other physics combined. And as a nerve mvigorator I am sure there is nothing to equal the sime remedy, for it stimulated my nervous system to the greatest degree o 1 perfection. My face soon bore a healthy colour, and by the continuance of Cletr.cuti Tonic my weight and strength returned." " Were you thoroughly cured ? " "Yes; completely, for indigestion cr nervousness never trouble me now, and as Clements Tonic did so much for me when 1 was considered incurable, you may publish my statements in any way." STATUTORY DECLARATION. I. Rest L* Gassice Thiseltos, of No. 240 Gover streec. North Adelaide, in the State of South Aui tralia, do solemnly and sincerely declare ibat i have cartfalltr read the annexed document, consisting of three (olios, and consecutively numbered from one to three, and that it contains and is a true and faithful account of my illness and cure by Clements Tonic,ano also contains my full permission to publish in an) manner my siatemenU—which 1 giva voluntarily, and without receiving any yaymeot; and I make this solemn declaration conscientiously believing the tarns to be true, and by virtue of the provisions of an act made and passed in the sixth year of the reign *f bis late llajeity King WHiiam the Fourth, intituled *' an act to repeal an act of this present Session of Parlia ment. intituled 4 an act for the more effectual aboli tion of oaths and affiimations taken and made in various departments of the State, and to substitute declarations in lieu thereof, and for the more entire suppression of voluntary and extra judicial oaths arm affidavits, and to make other provisions for the abolition of unnc-cessarv oaths Declared and subscribed at >dtlaide, in The Stale of South Australia, ibis second day of July, cos thousand nice hundred and one, before me, P. STOKES, J.P. The world's ships carry 180,000,000 tons of merchandise a year, and of this one-quarter by weight is coal and one tenth wheat. Chinese immigration to Australia has almost entirely ceased. Masters of vessels are forbidden under a heavy penalty to bring more than one China man to every 300 tons. Danish railways arc now being sap plied with Canadian coal by the Dominion Coal Company, which has secured contracts in Europe for the supply of 50,000 tons of fuel. "I Roughed It" Many of us have to work hard all day long. We cannot care for ourselves as we would. No wonder our blood gets out of order, becomes thin and impure. This produces boils, eruptions, nervous ness, indigestion, and great weakness. We have this photograph and letter from Mr. John Hafncr, of Wagga Wagga, New South Wales. Bead carefully what he says: " I have rooghed it a great deal, mining, working in storms, exposed to the heat, and have often had poor food. 51 y blood fre quently becomes impure and I have eruptions, boils, and become generally run down. But Ayer's Sarsaparilla takes hold of me every time, makes my blood pure and builds me right up." AYER'S Sarsaparilla There are many imitation " Sarsap&rillas.;** Be sure yoa get Ayer's. Take Ayer's Pills with the Sarsaparilla. They aid in purifying the blood; and they care constipation and biliousness. Prepared by Dr. J.C.Ayer&Ce.;, Lowell, Mass.,O-SJL Rheumatic Paikb will soon wear out the strongest constitution. If relief is possible, Chamberlain** Pain Balm will afford it. This liniment has been a boon lo thousands of sufferers. One application glees relief. Try it. R. Mpbiuy, Mount Barker, sells it. Price, Is. 6d.; large size, 3s. 26 Printed and published array Friday Marring by Charles 1C. fi. Domas, sole propnstar, al his OSces, Gawlag uMu.1, Moon* Barker, doiztb dmlrattt 