ODDS AND ENDS. Holidays over. Cool change yesterday. Ruin anxiously looked for. New Year's Eve very quiet Light rain fell on Thursday night. Kain general along the coast yesterday. Big audience at Police Court yesterday. .. Western " : Letter for you at this office, Police Court had a long sitting on Thur» Heavy traflic on the railway on New Y« Day. The Immigration Restriction Act is not -force. Great interest will be taken in the third .match. Another batch of Js.P. approved by «Cabinet. ... Dairymen must register their pren: annually. The recent heat wave has been very tryin; ¡aged people. Committee of Lismore A and I. Society II :n?xt Thursday. Sad record of bush fire disasters m soi .. -western districts. " Forty points of ruin fell at Tunstal Gap ?Thursuuy evening It is expected that the recent Ballina fl .bazaur will nett £220. A good time for you to coinmeucesubscrib ito the "Northern Star." It is probable that more will be heard uh ¿hat road-making machine. Government expect to call for tenders for I .-more sewerage works in eight weeks. Great heat in towu nguiu on Wednesday. JByron Ruy a stiff nor'easter waa blowing. Owners of stock, even if only one animal, -.wake the returns of sumo before the 10th ic Articles from " Brisbane Courier " ou I prospects of trade with Northern rivers, iu t -.issne. The Department of Agriculture is withdra -ingall the bulls lent to dairymen in the Twe .district. At last Connell meetingour member explain jhow mutters re proposed sewerage for town ii progressing. It is proposed to start a milk-condensing fa rtory on the banks of the Hunter River on tl .Danish principle. In the space of six days a resident of Parke ;by au ingeuious contrivance of his own, dei itroyed 4780 rabbits. New Year's Day, although net having a vei bigh record of temperature, was one of theme .oppressive felt here. The settlers ii iou nd Gundagai are said toi stupiiied by the absolute ruin brought upo tthem by the bush fires. , The verdict in the case against Dr. Gaggin c 'Thursday caused considerable surprise to tho; 'Who beard the evidence. A large urea of grass has been burnt on th .Casino-Lawrence road, and several culvert Juive Hlso been destroyed. In connection with the Coronation celebni itions, it is expected that the office of Lord Hig .Admiral will be revived. The youth Fred. Black, who was accident^ ¡«hot in the eye with a pea-rifle, died iu Forbe ¿hospital on Friday night. A number of southern towns cut off fron ¡telegraphic communication through the Hues ht ¿ng destroyed by bush fires. Letter-carrier, Parkes, of St. Marj's, had jus .completed his ronud on Saturday when lie fel :.in the street from heut apoplexy. Some vie%vs of Brisbane folk ou the possi "bilities of opening up direct trade with thes< .districts will be found in to-day's paper Pluns for Lismore sewerage will oe ready ii .about six weeks. The Department wonk slither carry ont the work by day labor. Lord Rosebery's refusal to join Sir Heury .Campbell-Baunerman is attributed to his desire tto organise un independent national party. The selection of Duff and Armstrong to take rthe places of Laver and AI'Leod iu the Austra JUan Eleven came in for a good deal of criticism. The reservoir dam in .connection with the .Nowra water supply fell 10ft on dnttirday, ami water is only allowed to be used for domestic ^purposes. A riding nccldent ocenrreel near Emraa .wllle on.Sunday, Mr. Colin M'DowaU. being .killed, and u lady companion, Miss Wren, seri -ously injured. It is believed that a couple of swagsmen overtaken by the fire, perished on the road be itwepn Gundagai, and Wagga, the two swags «having been found.. v .Ali>Jobn Btruuaj, Organising" Secretary for ttho Casino to Tenterfield railway extension, writes to say he bas appointed Mr. D. .Jarman .Assistant Secretary. The committee of the Wollongong Associa tion declined a request by a clergyman that the . ¿free distribution of wines on the show ground should be abolished. It is considered necessary in the interests of rthe speedy raul efficient administration of jus tice that tho whole work of the Supreme Court ?should be done under one roof. The State Minister for Works has received a ¡letter, signed by the Chief Justices and the Su preme Court judges, urging the necessity for .»the erection of new law courts. Mr. H. M. Williams, of Florida, in to-day's lissue, states the course the dairymen of his part -of the district ure taking to keep the Depart ment up to the mark in regard to improving «dairy stock. It is expected by the New South Wales Gov .eminent Astronomer that the average rainfall .for the year will work ont at between 20. 24. In 1888 tbe average ;fail was 13} in : the previous year was 33. The fire in the bunkers of the steamer Wil .cnmiia ut Melbourne wus still buming Monday (having defied all efforts to quench it. It bad Iheen burning since Wednesday. It was at ; length extinguished. Accordiug to the Government Astronomer's . calculations, we are nearing the end of the dry .cycle, and within two years we.should have a ;retura of good seasons, which will run their -course with little variation, as before. 