THE PHILIPPINES. 1 A rumor, and* only a rumor, has been, given currency in America that the real object of the visit of Prince ; Henry of Prussia to the United States is to. pave the way for negotiations lor the sale of the 'Philippines by fheir most . recent owners to Germany. That the rumor has a basis of truth may well be credited. Germany, through its Emperor, has lately exhibited a per tinacious civility to the United States as obvious as was that of . the Burgomaster to Rip Van Winkle's wife, end capable of being described generally in the same homely, terms -as those which Rip used to describe it. This ciaility, or 'polltefulness,' has not been for nothing, we may be 'well' assured. And the -Philippine Islands ape, in a sense, neigh bors to the Carolines, which Germany & little while ago bought from Spain. ?'-.? TJiough «Germanj-, too, is, in a national sense, decidedly hard up at the moment, she is not so far gone on the wrong side. i-r iJie exchequer as to prevent her buying the Philippines at'a reasonable price. J The ^question is whether 'she tTnltefl Bjtates: will eell; There Is a'^ectiba tot'*hfccH^ party :aie existing Administration belongs, that .professes ;jo be anxious to £et rid flf othe PhUippinee. The |San Frencfcbi ^'Ajgonauf-T- is one bi tie represen tativee of thai section: X^ast August' It pointed Its opposition by showing the dan-, ger ' of ? Filipino .: Immigration &\- *toe '; ; States : ?exiiibitea . ij-y.-.;:;the.' -.employment' ot ?';' some ;»ttO-SSlipinos durtiig a maritime strike. .' 7 Aid in addition, Americas Is having in its way more ?twwi'blt in subjugating tie FUipinbs tlhan Great Britain has in reducing the Boers to reason. Only in November last the United Sraf es JOoniniisBribn in the, Philippines -drafted a tolerably .strong Act against treason and sedition. --.It provided the death penalty tor persons guilty *«f treason, 'JnV. wludinig those giving kid 'and comfort .to the'jiiisur gen'ts. Those persons who uttered seditious ?words or speeches, or wrote .libels. against the' , United States Government or the- Philippines administration, wiyuld be Imme tcx a fine of 2000aol -and two years imprisonment. For breaking the oaieh of allegi ance the penalty would be 2000dol fine and ten years' imprisonment. Foreigners would be un der the same laws as Americans and natives. .So that there is a possibility that the Sta-tes may be willing to sell -the Philippines to Germany. Their geographical position removes them from the category in^ which t!he. West Indian islands are ; placed, wMdh we described a few days -i©b, and which is held to justify the purchase by America of the Danish West' Indian possessions: In fact, the arguments ad duced to*' justify that purchase might be used conversely to justify the sale of the Philippines. One thing is certain, and that is that if Germany acquires the Philippines, her methods there will be far more drastic than any used by the Ame ricans, and will be in sharp contrast to her per fervid condemnation of British mettiods with the Boers. . The espsriance of German possessions in Africa, and of German exploring .expeditions, like those of Dr. ^Peters, shows that in dealing with peoples like the Filipinos, th. Germans suit the description given of the iuhabitasts of a certain city by a British midshipman. They have no ino rals, and their manners aro disgusting. The mid-, sbipman may not have said this exactly, but he said something very like it. 