^ m ?» The late Cardinal Riboldi left a precious pectoral cross as a bequest to the Holy Father. The Right Rev. Bishop M'Sherry, of Port Elizabeth, is about to make his visit 'ad limina.' The death is announced of Mgr. Juffret, Bi'Jhop of Bayonne, after a long and painful u'jauess. The forty-ninth general congress of German Catholics will be held at Mannheim towards the etnd of August. The 'Univers' announces on authority that bhe Poauldiibivl Commission on, the Bible is making steady progress in its labours. Thei Triennial Provincial Chapter ct the Pas sionisbs was held recently at Mount Argus, Duiblini. Father Philip ©oghlafai was elected Provincial. Aocording to official statistics published in Madrid, down to June 1st six thousand reli gious CoHgregations had inscribed their naimes on the lists for authorization. Cardinal. Vaughan i-i at present suffering from another attack of heart trouble, and has bee'n ordered a rest by his doctors, says the 'Catholic News,' of June 21. It is now known that thirteen of the So ciety of the Holy Ghost, eleven secular priests of the colonial clergy, thirty-five Sisters of St. Joseph, and twenty-eight nuns of St. Paul fell victims -to the volcanic eruptions! at 'Martin ique. Dean Anigek) Lucas, a Catholic dignitary, well known, in East Angitia, died recently at Coldhester. The eon of a metropolitan Mem ber of Parliament, he was a direct descendant of Sir Charles Lucas, who was shot by Fairfax after the siege of Colchester. Her Majesty the Queen has beeim graciously pleased to present to the Catholic Danish Nuns of the Order of St. Joseph the sum of £50 towards the support of their hospitals in Iceland, where many British and Irish sailors1 and fishermen fai'l sick and are. mursedi by the nuns. On ttlveir return journey a number of mem bers of the rocemt American pilgrimage to Rome will visit Ireland. The visitors will include Right Rev. Bishop Shanley, Very Rev. M. Barry (Vicar-Genera'l of the diocese of Ogldenburg;), and Very Rev,. Father Henry (Superior or the Home for Immigrants). News has been published of an interesting discovery in Rome, Mgr. Wilport, the emt nonit German archaeologist, lias discovered the ??an-cicnt* subtonranoa.n ?cihurch in which the bodies of the martyrs-, Saints Marcus and Mar cdllianus, of the Diocletian persecution reposed. Tke ohureh is adorned' with pillars and costly marble slabs, and the martyrs' tomb itseltf with rare paintings of the; fourth century. The Benedictines have made a settlement in Jerusalem vn the Mount of Olives, on which they will build a monastery and also an eccle siastical seminary for the Uniate Syriani clergy, at the Joint request of the Syria-n Patriarch and of Propaganda. The new abbey will bo dedicated to SS. Benedict and Ep'hrem, and will be under the jurisdiction of the Abbot General of Subiaco, to whose congregation the monks belong. Leo XIII. has contributed a notable sum towards the erection of the co!L lege, and also presented a quantity of vest ments and saered vessels for tfao church. The Sooiety of St. Peter Clavier wag founded in Austria in 1894 by Countess Ledoohoiwski, a niece of the Cardinal of Propaganda, as &,n auxiliary to the missions in Africa. The ladies who form its active members id'evoifce their ser vices exclusively to the African missions, by procuring the means- cf evangelisation in the form of alms, supplies, the encouragement of vocations, and prayers. There are also hono rary members who subscribe yea.rly to th*e funds. By a decree of Propaganda, Leo XIII. has approved ad modum experiment the con stitutions of the Society at the recommendation of many Bishops. 'The Catholic Messenger,' of Onylon, pub lishes the important news of iWio abjuration of schism by all the so-caWed 'Independent Ca tholics' w 'Jacobites' of the diocese of Jaffna. This sichism had, as is well known, originated with the partisans of the Portuguese Pad Toaidla, who refused to submit to the Concor dat by which the jurisdiction, of the Arch bishop of Goa ceased in Ceylon in 1887. Their leader, the Goa,nose ip-riesfc Alvares, got himself consecrated Bishop .*-' the metropolitan of the Jacobite schism in Southern India. It is he, who, later on, consecrated as Archbishop of America the notorious Vilatte, who, iu his turn, ordained priest our 'Father Ignatius, O.S.B.' (says the London 'Tablet'). Hhere remains only a Email community of about 12 families still adhering to the schism in Co lombo ; but they eannot hold out very muoh longer now. ? The newly-consecrated Catholic Archbishop of Calcutta, Dr. Briae Meuleman, S.J., seems to nave won the sincere goodwill of all classes ?of the community, both Catholics and non Catholics. The Indian' 'Daily News' writes of him: 'During his priesthood, the young prelate had made many friends in Bengal some of them admirers of lids high talent and ability, others lovers of his kindly a3id sympa thetic nature— and despite the extreme sultri ness of the morning and undismayed by the prospective length of the service, 'they ga thered in large numbers in the church to wit ness his profession and his investiture with the sacred symbols of his high office.' The. same non- Catholic organ, in its account of the consecration ceremony, a.lso says : 'The young Bishop was not only the most interesting but indeed the most imposing figure in that group, whicSi .attracted universal attention. Tall, youivg, and dignified, hie- looked ovory inch a Bishop, and as far as external appearances go the dignity of the Archdiocese of Bengal will be worthily represented in its latest inoum heint.' 