GENERAL CABLE MEWS. London, January 6. At hi* New Year's Day reception at Washington, President .Roosevelt shook hands with 8000 persons. The Admiralty is conducting tests on two battleships and a cruiser of the Channel squadron, to determine the value of oil as a fuel. . France has decided to establish wireless 'telegraphic communication between Al \- piers and Timbuctoo, in the Sahara, on the Tipper Niger. Great reclamation works are to.be carried out in Table Bay, in Simon's Bay, and in View Harbour, Cape Colony, and the railway is to be extended. , Mr. J. Pierpont Morgan, the New York millionaire, has ,$ purchased in Padua Raphael's Madonna of San Antonio, the price paid for it being £100,000, ? In connection with the great exhibition which' is to be held in St: Louis, United States, £40,000 is offered as a prize in a competition for airships that can be steered. The subsidy which the French Govern ment has hitherto allowed for the govern ment of New Caledonia has been reduced from 660,000 francs (£26,400) to 500,000 francs (£20,000). A handsome gift for educational purposes has been made by Lord Strathcona, High Commissioner for Canada, who has donated the sum of £25,000 for the extension of the work of Aberdeen University. A German sergeant-major, named Fislier, has been sentenced to 12 years' penal servitude at Mannheim, in the Grand Duchy of Ba^en, for selling1 the mobilisa tion plans of the army to a French spy. , The Clyde shipbuilders have been in vited by the Admiralty to tender for the construction of two battleships of 16,500 tone, to ba most powerfully armed, five first-class cruisers, and tw.o third-class cruisers. ' , It is announced in the newspapers that preparations are being made for the visit of their Royal Highnesses the Pricce. and Princess of 'Wales to India in November ., next, on the occasion of the proclamation of His Majesty the King as Emperor of India. An extraordinary revolt of the military ; has occurred at the Portuguese town of Torres Novas. The soldiers for some un explained reason rose in rebellion, plun dered the town, and killed several towns people. Troops have been sent up from Lisbon to quell the disturbance. The Porte has sent urgent instrucSions to the authorities at Erzeroum, the capital of Armenia, to fortify the town. These in structions have been sent because Russia has threatened to send troops into Turkish Armenia to quell the Kurds, who have been making inroads into Russian territory. Thd Canadian exports last year amounted to 196,000,000 dollars (£39,200,000), against 191,894,723 dollars in 1900; and the imports to 190,000,000 dollars (£38,000,000), against 189,622,513 dol ' lare. In 1899 the figures were — Exports, 158,896,905 dollars; imports, 162,764,308 dollars. An international meeting of socialists held at Brussels has condemned the hy pocrisy of the Germans in censuring the British methods of carrying on the war in South Africa, while at the same time sanctioning the barbarous methods of Germanising the Pole?, adopted by the Prussian authorities. The Daily Express makes a suggestion for a settlement of the outstanding difficul ties between Great Britain and France. It proposes that in return for the abandon ment of the French olaims in Newfound land Great Britain should make concossions in West Africa, or fully recognise French rule in the New Hebrides. The inhabitants of the Danish West Indian Islands (St. Thomas, St. John, and Santa Cruz) protest strongly against the proposal to sell the islands to the United States. They remind the Q-overnment of Denmark of the Royal pledge given in 1867 that the Islands should not be aold without the consent of the inhabitants. The third-class cruiser Perseus, 2135 tons, eight $?una, and the second-class cruiser Fox, 4360 tons, 10 guns, of the Eiet Indian squadron, have left Bombay for Koweyfc, in the Persian Gulf. They are taking six small Runs for Mabaroukh, the Sheik of Koweyt, who has latterly been protected by Great Britain against Turkey. Mr. Marconi is establishing at Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, a station from which fre. will continue, bis Newfoundland experi ments in sending messages across the Atlantic to the Lizard, Cornwall. The Canadian Government is equipping at Sable Island, Nova Scotia, a station for signalling to Atlantic liners by wireless telegraphy. A great multitude of Chinese merchants in fhe United States have prepared a peti tion to the Emperor of China, praying him to oppose the re-enactment of the Exclu sion Act in the United States. The petition sets out that Chinese immigrants and travellers in the States are treated like criminals, and are subjected to the most odious insults. The Tablet states that His Holiness Pope Leo the Thirteenth has appointed a Pontifical Commission to consider all questions and difficulties submitted by Roman Catholic scholars in connection with biblical studies. Cardinal Parocchi, Sub-Dean of the Sacred College and Vice Chancellor of the Holy Roman Church, is president of the Commission. A very extensive fraud has been perpe' trated on the Budapest (Hungary) Muni cipal Council by one of its officers, named Kechkemethy. Tha official has absconded with 500,000 crowns (about £20,000), and has escaped to Americi. He has from there coramnnicated with the municipality, and has offered to restore the money if as sured that no prosecution will ba instituted. The Rev. Dr. Joseph Parker held a ser vice in the City Temple on New Year's Day, when ha addressed messages to His Majesty the King, to President Roosevelt, to the newspapers, and to Australia. In his message to Australia he said :— ' Tour Commonwealth will be but as sounding brass and as a tinkling cymbal if you loosely bold the Biblical Sabbath sanctity.' The Moderate members of the London School Board have appealed to the Doke of Devonshire, the Lord President of the council, to further help the voluntary schools with Imperial or local funds. Thej urge that thera is a good opportunity of uniting all the schools in one national aystem. The Government has replied thai it is giving the subject; anxious considera tion. The Marquis Ifco, the eminent Japanese statesman, was a guest at a banquet given by the Lord Mayor of Loudon at the Mansion-house recently. In responding' to the toast of his health the Marquis ex presBed his profound satisfaction at the cordial relations which had existed be tween Great Britain and Japan during the past cen+ury. He was, he said, con fident that tho focus of international com petition was steadily moving towards the Pacific. The Bengal Chamber of Commerce has appealed to Lord Curzon, the Viceroy of Indio, with regard to the Alien Immigra tion Restriction Act recently passed by the Australian Parliament. The chamber pro tests that Australia's interference with Asiatic labour beyond the limits of its jurisdiction imperils the interests of 70,000 La-oar seamen and firemen employed by the steamship companies. It declares that the Australian policy is retrograde, and unworthy of a Legislature in any British dominion, and expresses a hopa that the British Government will amend the act. 