fKRetrhrick feamttter ANI> TIMES. Published Wednesdays and Saturdays SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1902. THE WORLD'S BUTTER MARKET. -SIBERIA A COMPETITOR. \- A few years ago the man who said Siberia would become one of the greatest agricultural countries in the world would have been laughed at. Still jnore ridicule would have been poured upon him if he had dared, to predict that & country which, as everyone knew,, was populated solely by convicts, exiles, warders, and wolves, &nd; which con sisted of snowfields and forests, would ever compete with the Australian butter in the I/ondoa market. Yet both these absurd things aire coming to pass, and it is the Trans-Siberian railway that is mak|tfg then} possible. Butter from Siberia ? jostles the products of these Bfates in "London markots.and may in time swamp tjiem Vy sheer' force of > quality. Tjie trade is hardly yet in its infancy. }t is only four years ago, we afls told, since a Danish merchant hap pened to see some Siberian butter in 8t. Petersburg, and was astonished at its j /inequality. The result of that acci (Ipqtal discovery iq tl}at to-day there are fourteen firms u> tfjo city of Omsk alone, engaged in the butter trade with Eng land, and thirteen of them are Danish. "Three years ago," says a present traveller through Siberia, " four thou sand buckets, each containing about 861b., were shipped by wav of Riga and Bevel to England and 6olu in the Eng lish market, I've a suspicion, us the best Danish." This year the summer ex port to England has amounted to 80,000buckets-say 480 tons-per week. And this great trade, which has grown eo rapidly, is declared by one of those engaged in it to be " but a tiny scrap compared with what will be done in the future." The cows are miserable ani mals, but the percentage is so good that their milk yields 7 per cent, of butter (at! The main factor in preventing the trade growing even faster than it is doing is the stubborn ignorance of the people. The Russian farmer, take him all round, is probably the worst in the world, and emigration to the fertile ex panses of Siberia only seems to make him more happy-go-lucky in his methods, and more determined to do nothing except in the way his father and grand* father and all his ancestors back to his Tartar forebears did. In all Siberia there are only two steam dairies, andr the treatment recently accorded to a big one built about 800 miles south of the railway by the Danish merchant to whom reference has been made was not calculated to lead to the erection of others. "The peasants," he' said, "would not believe that a machine could separate the butter from the milk. They said the devil was in the machine. There's been a drought down there. Everybody believed it was because the Almighty was angry that they should allow these devil machines in the country. .So they wrecked the place and smashed every separator we had." The optimistic Dane believed that in a year or two, as soon as the peasants be come more civilised, they will better understand the value of machinery. The period he mentioned seems, how ever, rather short to bring about such a radical change. At present, at any rate, nearly all the butter is made in primitive fashion by hand. In view of all the Russian peasants, this statement prepares one for the news that the butter is " not so clean-flavoured as it should be," though hardly for the assertion that " it is splendid butter all the same." The two conditions seem incompatible. The tremendous increase in the trade is, however, proof that some people ap prove of the butter. Happy ignorance of the conditions under which it is made has, no doubt* something to do with it. The Russian Government is nothing if not paternal. It is rather a stern parent if it is annoyed, and it does not take much to provoke it to wrath and chastisement. But its attitude towards Siberian immigrants is that of en: couragement. They are not retired to pay taxes for three years,- they can buy land near the large toVvns at the rate of from 10s to 12s per square verst, a verst being about iwo-thirdfc pf a mile, and iq othef places good laud can be bought at 6s a verst. Only half the price has to be paid down at first, full ownership being obtained when tlje immigrant has spent on plant and wprking t\vicp the amount he paid for thp land. Grants of land oh leasehold fire m&4e to every man, in Western Siberia, to ttie extent of thirty-two square miles, with, in some places, an additional tract of six miles of forest, while in Central Siberia the size of the area depends upon the quality of the land. The Government lets the settlers have seed at cost price. It also buys agricultural machinery and re-sells if to settlers on easy instalment . terms, and in this connection it is note worthy that Amerioa has this trade all > to itself. Eight American firms have . representatives iu Omsk, and one of i thorn is credited with Baying that where i ae three years ago he sold only forty reaping machines, this year be disposed of 1500, and next year he intends to' stock 4000. Evidently the Siberian peasant is beginning to understand the value of the reaper and binder, how ever sourly he may look upon cream separators. Enough has been said to show th&t; in, at all events, one product the Aus tralian States have a competitor in Siberia. It is impossible to believe that Siberian butter can ever beat the best these States can produce, and it is evi dently all the more necessary that, if possible, the whole of our butter export should be of " gilt-edged" quality. 