NOTES AND COMMENTS. A correspondent writing anent the Queensland sugar industry in the "De-<*> merara Argosy," a journal published in British Guiana, is not complimentary re- garding the manner in which the industry is camlcd on here. Cultivation, the writer contends, is different from that carried on in any sugar country he has seen. "Plough ing, weeding, scarifying, harrowing, a very little weeding by hoes, and less trashing, arc about all that is done here." The plan ters say leaving the trash on Is a protec tion against frost. Of drains inside cane fields, as understood in D&merara;, there arc none, and really none are needed. The soil is rich and 'porous, compared with that of 'British Guiana, and it is therefore much easier worked. The land being deficient in the qualities of stiff soils, manure should tic applied early, 'but the reverse is the oase, manure being used infrequently, and then applied broadcast instead of to the cane stools. Seven years ago, wthen acre after acre was being put under cane cul tivation, a yield of 100 tons cane per acre was the talk ; now twenty or thirty tons are considered good. " The labourers employed on the estates,", the correspondent continues, " are South Sea Islanders, who are engaged for three years." The writer then describes tfie nature of the contract under which the (Islanders arc engaged. He <tnen says that " the Labour party are dead against the introduction of 'Polynesian labourers, be cause the whites are prejudiced thereby. The party claim that the white man should do all the work at whatever price the White man chooses, and when he chooses. Sad to say, nloe of «very ten of the walk- about white men <are 'inferior in industry to the South Sea boys, for if they were paid as the boys are paid not a day in the three years but what they would be sick or idle in some way. These white men greatly resemble the 'blacks in British Guiana ; if they think they have you in « corner they demand more money. The South Sea or Kanaka labourers are generally reliable aud Industrious men. If .the Labour party were to succeed in -prohibiting the intrd-. auction of the Polynesians" (which has been done, of course, since the correspon dent wrote bis letter), "the sugar industry here would be ruined. The 'Labour party howl that the Kanaka is cheap and dirty, hut that is not true to any extent. If Kanaka labour is abolished no sugar estate can exist, unless coolies, Japanese, or some other kindred kinds are brought in, for history Tepeats itself. After the blacks were freed in British Guiana., they would not work except at Ss. s> day ; so would the whites do here, resulting in the col lapse and ruin of many, while none would be benefited." Writing further relative to methods of cultivation practised in Queensland sugar fields, the correspondent says :—" Instead of, as in British Guiana, one labourer to every one and a-half acres, or two acres, one boy Is supposed to be enough for ten acre?, with the help of an occasional ploughman ; and cutting firewood is sup posed to be included In that. Thus, for two or three months every year large gangs of labourers will be doing nothing but cut ting firewood for furnaces for the mills. The work done on "canofields by Kanakas is very small, and tf the estates in British Guiana and in the West India Islands could do as rule and get as much from lands there never would have been- any cry against bounties, nor any estates aban doned. The planting is all done with solid cane, «b much of the tops as can be left on are sent to mill for crushing, and the sugar boilers ' bless' that method, you may be sure. Dr. Maxwell condemns any but the tops, as with you, aa unfit for planting ; but here they have got Into such, a whole sale way of doing things that his advice ■will perhaps have little or nor effect. As regards trashing, one 'damager' thought he knew all about it, and did it on one fieU so Improperly that only a few leaves were left on top of the canes—canes were six month? old. He "bled them as If they were to be cut in two weeks, and when the field, as a matter of course, -turned out badly, he said ' trashing was nonsense.' Trashing to be done well in Queensland must only be done to clean young cane, taking off only bottom trash, and clearing cane roots. Twice will do here, against the eight or nine times In British Guiana, until the cane matures, and is near cutting, then once, making thrice in all. The frost in Queensland requires the cane covered, but the young cane must start clean, or else it will not do well. A few are starting to put manure 'by hand and machine to the rows of cane, and then covering up, but to put to each stool, as done in British Guiana, Is too costly for them ; too much labour for their wholesale minds. Nine tenths of Queensland sugar estates twenty years hence will not be worth much if planters do not mend their methods. The wihole success of Queensland sugar-growing lies in irrigation and proper cultivation. What will be done regarding the needful work remains to be seen." One of the most Important act* of the Hawaiian Planters' Association, which has Just closed, was the practical settlement of the labour question. This was accomplish, ed In secret session, but It is known that matters were arranged satisfactory to all concerned. It was not so much the scarcity of labour as the proper dealing with that already on the islands that occupied the greater part of the time of Che plantation managers. The chief result will be a uni form scale of wages in the entire group of islands, ana this will, it is said, average about IS dollars a month. Some allowance 1b to be made to those labourers living in isolated communities. Labour on Hawaii, the largest of the group, is reported as very scarce ; on Maui and Kaula, While there is not an abundance, there is no trouble be cause of this fact. On Oaha there is plenty of labour, this island having Honolulu us a basis of supply. The principal difficulty is in the lack of uniformity ; when one manager was short of labour, he simply gave- notice of a slight increase in the wage scale, and to him flodced the Jape and Chfaese from other plantations. Then When the next plantation felt the seed of additional labour, the schedule was again raised, until the planters were paying moro (for labour than ever before. The new schedule was unanimously adopted, and win be tried for the next twelve months. Japanese labourers are comparatively easy to vet In Hawaii, there being a steady influx from Japan, U?o majority of them having worked on plantations before. The immigration is being encouraged, at it will, It is thought, relieve and prevent scarcity in the labour market. There is divided opinion in Hawaii as to the advisability of a re-enactment of the Chinese Exclusion law. The planters are naturally opposed to it, and have had prominent representa tives At Washington fighting the proposi tion to re-enact the law. The attitude of the Treasury Department officials is taken as' a very favourable Indication by the planters. The people generally, those hot interested in the success of plantation, favour the re-enactment of the Oeary law, and claim that if the plasters paid .living wages they would not have the slightest difficulty In getting «U the labourers they needed. One curious feature of tho pro sent political flght is tho attitude of Dele gate to Congress Wiloox, who favours tho re-enactment of the law, while his wire, the Princess Theresa, and the real leader of his party, opposes tho re-enactment of the Chinese Exclusion law* In regard to Inventing a cane cutter thai ■would do satisfactory work here, I would (says the special correspondent at Hawaii to the "iLoulsiana Planter") say that I think it very doubtful If any one will «mc ceed. First because where irrigation is practised the furrows are so deep that It would be difficult to get a machine to cut deep er low enough. Even If they did there Is stHl a harder thing to do, and that Is to top and strip the leaves off the cane. There again the land in some places is so steep that it can scarcely be ploughed, to say nothing of cutting oane upon it. Howcfor. I prtsume all these difficulties will be overcome in time, Just as they are in every thing else. Advices from Great Britain point to the fact that Russia will enter in competition with Australia and America for the British aaemt trade. Backed by Australian and Rw?lan meat Importers, a strong com pany has been organised to build extensive cold storage premises in London at a cost of more than £200,000. The bulldlne will have a capacity of 11,000 tons, its machinery aod construction will be patterned after the latest American idea*. Russian efforts to enter the British market have been planned on sy«tematlc and comprehensive lines, and are the outcome of a recent t«ur of investigation made by special commis sioners. The Imperial Agricultural Society of Moscow, supported by the Ministry of the Interior, is about to eetaWish tri weekly shipments of beef and veal to Lon don. The State railways have provided the necessary refrigerated cats, and a ser vice of cold storage steamers has been ar ranged between various (Baltic ports and London. The United States have had an experience, of the ill-effect* artaln* out of elipsbod methods in the production of butter and cheese during the past two or three de cades IBcely .to be valuable as a salutary lesson in pursuing these Important in dustries in future. A decided more is being made by Congressmen towards bringing about legislation to deal with certain phases of the dairy question. As usual, when any drastic reform is mooted, a few private speculators and dealers rise in wrathful protest against State interference, and endeavour ito impress the existing "purity" of all dairy things as a reason for that protest. But the American public are now awake to the necessity of reform, an awakening due to their being left be ■bind in the world's competition In manu facturing and marketing dairy produce. So pronounced is the determination of me leading agricultural and other associations in America to alter the conditions or dairy ing, generally, that we find the motit ex traordinary resolutions being carried. As an instance, the 'Milk Commission of the Nc i York Medical Society has come to the conclusion that " men with whiskers should not be employed to milk cows," the reason given being that " whiskers harbour microbes, and microbes so harboured are frequently shaken into the milk." Again, the New York State Medical Convention, atended by 400 eminent doctors, contend that the milk supply Is horribly dangerous, full of death-dealing germs and insanitary filth. In fact, these doctors 3ay that "the milk supply must be reformed." And in face of all this a great cry is raised against any reform in the direction of keeping the milk and butter supply pure. " Endeavours are being made to suborn hone&t; Congress men so that the dairyman's bunch of microbes might kick abouit undisturbed. The butter worms squirm now every tlmo they hear certain Congressmen's names." The New South Wales Minister for Agri cuJlura has notified the secretary of the BJDya.l Agricultural Society, Sydney, that the sum of £350 has been granted for spe cial prizes, to be competed for at the forthcoming Easter show, as follows :—-Dis trict societies' competition, £100 ; best stallion suitable for breeding army re mounts, £20 ; be?t mare, do. do., £20 ; wheat for export, £15 ; barley (malting), £16 ; oaten hay, £15 ; lucerne hay, £15 ; wine section, £102 ; draught stallion, £25; honey section, £20. ■Low butter tests have been a very gen* eral experience this season .in Victoria, and Mr? Potts, t'he Instructor in Dairy Science, is in constant receipt of letters from the milk suppliers to the factories, complain ing about the matter, «nd blaming the offi cials in charge of testing operations in but ter factories. A farmer who Is milking unore cows and has a .better supply of grass for them than during last year i? natur ally perplexed to find his returns less. Mr. •Potts, in explanation, states that the cow is an animal that accommodates herself to conditions. Commencing .the season with a frame impoverished by the previous scaT clty of feed, she devotes her sustenance to building up her own body instead of pro ducing milk wltih it. He emphasises the necessity for providing food and shelter lor cattle during the winter season. Upon rust-proof wheat, Mr. Thomas Kit cher, of Glen Morrison, New South Wales, •writes to the " Leader" as follows :— "Aa the wheat harvest Is about over, I beg to state for those whom It may con cern that the rust has well nigh ruined the wheat crop in the Waleha district. I never saw rust so bad as It is this year. It ft "at appeared three weeks before Christmas. I had to cut my Wheat for hay, as the rust had destroyed the grain. As the rust was so toad in my White Lammas and Tuscan last year, some friend sent me three pints of Manitoba seed, wh'cb I sawed on clean ground. From .it, I procured enough seed to sow half-an-aere, which I will reap in a ifew days. Some White Lammas which I sowed the same day on the name soil I reaped before Christmas, as the Manitoba Is much later maturing. But whilst the [White Lammas was very rusty there is uot a sign of rust to be seen on the Manitoba. If others have found this wheat rust-proof it Is Just the «ort required for our dis trict, which, as a rule, is epia and fa'tnp." A new luxury has reached this country, from Australia (says the London " Globe"), ■where it has long been appreciated as a delicacy. This consists of a consignment of kangaroo tails, which are to be used as material for soup, as we are accustomed (O use the tall of the ox. France and the United States, however, have been before ii, where the soup is not only highly popu ar, but 'has largely supplanted ox-tail and Ibe commoner soups, but has slightly up set the sovereignty of the turtle. Smith- Beld has already received large orders from West End restauranters and hotel keepers, and the kangaroo soup appears likely to be the dish of the season." One thing shippers of bacon to Great Britnin Bhould eternally keep in mind namely, the best Bort of bacon for the English trade. The " Monetary Times," in commenting upon this very matter, says :— " The consumer's taste in this particular is strongly marked, and if he does not get exactly the article which he wants he is likely to leave it alone altogether. Now one point strongly insisted upon by the Britisher is that his bacon, which forms such an important part of his daily break fast, 3hall be "thoroughly firm. He has no desire at all for the soft, oily, tender slices of bacon sometimes served up to him. A tendency in the latter direction is enough in Great Britain to consign the artjele In question to grade No. 2, with second or even third rate prices, and a continued shipping of the same would probably lead to a loss of the business altogether. We refer to this subject because we hear of com plaints as to softness In the bacon." The shipper to the British market must make his bacou firm and mild-cured. It is easier and more profitable, at times, to cater to Lnan It is to overcome a prejudice. Where national characteristics caa be discovered and pleased, trade becomes more certain and more enduring with the people of that country. The Minister for Agriculture for Vic toria 'has been supplied by an expert, now In London (says the " Age"), with a de scription of the dairy and depot of the Manchester -Pure Milk Supply Company, Limited, at Old -Trafford. The company's milk is .purchased from .farmers, who are all under contract to use only sound, whole some fodder for cows approved by the com pany's veterinary inspector. No milk ex cept that from cowa certified to -be free from tubercle is sent to the dairy. The farm and the employees are periodically sub jected to medical inspection. When any of the employees suffer, from sickness of a serious nature, or come Into contact with persons suffering from contagious or in fectious disease, they are paid full wages during such time as .they are considered unfit to handle the milk. As soon as the milk is drawn from the cows, it is at once cooled in ice, supplied by the dairy to all the company's farms, and remains in a thoroughly cooled state till lodged at the dairy. This is an Important feature In minimising the development and growth of bacteria. The milk 'is conveyed to the dairy in the company's own cans, which have 'been -previously cleansed by using hot water and soda, then steaming, and finally flushing with lime water. The handling of the milk at the farms is supervised by the company's representatives. On ar rival at the dairy the temperature of each can of milk is taken, and if above 45deg. Fahrenheit it is rejected. A sample is also taken for testing for butter tat. and when below 3.5 per cent it is sent back to the farm. Precautions of the same thorough ness are carried out .right through the various dairying processes, and the subse quent distribution. It is evident from these 'particulars that milk supply com panies in Australia have still plenty of scope for improving their methods. The Tooley-street agents are, I find, un animous in declaring that London is the .best market for Australian butter (writes our London correspondent), and they resent the contrary opinion of Mr. Sin clair, the Victorian produce superintendent, who has lately made extensive Journeys through the provinces, and has come bock with the conviction that a greatly in creased permanent trade, not only in but ter but in all the principal Australian pro ducts, could he done in the northern and western cities if the system of direct ship ments were extended. Mr. Sinclair may not have realised all the business difficul ties Involved in securing this greater dis tribution, but the information he has col lected and the views he expresses after several years' English experience are at least as worthy of attention as the asser tion* of agents who are obviously interested in keeping the Australian trade as much as possible under their own control. Mr. Sinclair states—referring in this instance more particularly to the case of Victoria— that the exporters leavo their business too confidently in London hands, and that un til they take more independent Initiative themselves they will not be able to take Cull advantage of the English markets, es pecially of those in the great northern manufacturing centres. It is frequently asserted that the highest prices are in variably to be obtained only in London. This, again, ia an interested statement. In a recent^lssue «t the "Grocer" I notice that, while Australian butter wa3 realising only from 104s. to 308s. per cwt. in London, Danish was being sold in Manchester at from 118s. to 1205., and at the same city even Canadian butter, which is inferior to the Australian in quality and reputation, was bringing from Ills, to 112s. Mr. Kinsella, the New Zealand Com missioner, Btated in a communication to the Chambers of Commerce conference tihat large- quantities of the ibest- brands of New Zealand butter were 'being frozen in Aus tralia, and line brands then planed off and replaced by ;tbe ■words, " Choicest Aus tralian." He urfeed that some action be taken immediately toy the Government to prevent sudh re-(brandling. The conference, however, took no action In the matter. Mr. Seddon, speaking at the Chamber of Commerce Conference, eald he had official Information that orders had been sent to Now Zealand from Victoria to forward but ter to South Africa, the article to be branded and packed in boxes Identical with those in use in Victoria. He was glad to say that these sharp dealers would not be able to evade the law of Now Zealand con cerning the grading and branding of pro duce. A London report, dated 31st December, on the butter market, says :— Throughout December values of finest Australian butter (theTe has been only one important arrival of New Zealand) have tended in favour of v- _. each shipment clearing at a small r«"' ,„?!«-U~,«! \--the o««Ppr«*din« r . ttrt thi. %?l Utter tone in the uurket^ the doi Sr«T[Ld«cy. la checked, and prioee are now steady, in spite of uriUvouxaiole weather and larger arrivals. AX the cloae of November the demand for under priced 'qualities considerably improved. The sup plies of Bus?ian, which for many months have been such a boon to. the " shilling-per-pound" re tail trade, decreased owing to the closing of the Beuon, while stocks in cold store of Canadian, Irish, American, &c;, as well as Russian, also rapidly diminished, and there is now a com parative acaxedty of butter at 84/ to 94/ per cwt. A point to be noticed in this connect on is thai Ahe proportion of interior butter shipped from Australia and New Zealand becomes cmalller and smaller, while the quantity of best increases, eo that the average standard of quality is higher eaoh succeeding season. That is to say, there is less 'under-priced to sell, and more for which top prices are required. This continuous improvement in quality is a very satisfactory feature of the industry, and i? quite in harmony with the needs of the trade, which is all the time eeeking for the nighect-class goods, whether they be butter, cheese, or bacon, the general public every day becoming more critical in their tastes. The market for unsalted this month has been leas Mtisfactory titan for salted, the former having been sold and offered broadcast by circular at lower rates than the latter. ' Messrs. W. Weddel and Co., writing on The London butter market on 3rd January, lay :— The demand this week for Australian and.New Esaland butter lias not been brisk, but a very large quantity of butter lms ctamged hands. Had the frosty weather continued there would have been • brisk demand. Buyers are either operating in the expectation of an immediate ride in value, or they are compelled to come on Hie market by exhaustion of their stocks. Owinsr to the delay in the arrival of the Ouzeo there were 48,753 Immcw on the market this week, and none from New Zealand. " Choicest" brands make 104/ to 100/, and in special and par ticular cases a shilling op two more ; " Finest,' } W/ to 102/. There arrived a fair quantity of milled" New Zealand butter on the Paparoa, which will be landed next week, and it is faollL^ from 80/ to 94/. "An English correspondent, writing of the course of the London tallow market last year, says :— The tallow market was influenced during the year hy a deficiency, not only of home supplies, but also exf imports. At the same time, a steady demand prevailed almost throughout, and in spite cl the advance in prices. The result is apparent In the reduction of the stock almost to a mini mum, for it now represents little more than the quantities in course of coming upon the market for fidk and tho«e in course of going away ; also prices have advanced 20 per cent. There was not much speculative buying during; tte year, and im porters did not to any important extent hold for ppCM much above current vahies, consequently the result of the weekly auctions was generally indicative of the position." The Under Secretary of Agriculture Tub received ;the following latter ftom E. Bbdy and Co., of lCurrle-«treet, Adelaide :—"'We •write to Inform you that we are desirous of, obtaining an agency for Queensland (bacon, as we have just heart that it is ?of good (being corn-fed), and to ask you to 'be good enough to bring our desire under (the notice of the bacon-curing firm* in your State, also to favour us with the names of the principal cupera, as we think there Is business to be done in thia State If the price's are suitable. Under preseht conditions (and we make this Btatenftfit after "many years of experience), it «s? very rare occurrence to obtain good bacon of South Australian cure. We regret the circumstance, but nevertheless what we have stated is quite true. Up to the Fed eration our producers have been protected (as you may know) to 4d. per lb., without taking full advantage of the opportunity thus afforded them." As Queensland malting barley has been largely bought for Victoria this season, the following reference to this cereal from the Melbourne !'Argus" will be. rdad with interest:— • A moderate-%wfcc*t *aa I>een dope in *ood malting barley at W ind prime samples are •worth about 4/6 to i/\^ Cfcpe barley is steady at up to 2/9 tor psime samples,-.with moderate sales Arrivals froSi? A th« cotfntry'Jbrt-week amounted to 12,548 bag*, njrainst 7.74?: bags for the corre sponding week last year. In addition, 1467 tags were received IfonT^NflwAjJouth. Wales and Queens land, 332 bags from Sftith Aurtralia? 1130 bags from Tasmania, and ISS7 bags from New Zealand. Tot.il nrrivals since the beginning of tlie y.-ar consJat of \- 36,182 bag* Victoiian, and 4462 bags from o.hcr States (including Nmr Zealand), against 28,067 bags Victorian barley for the eonespondiuir period lait year. . . . For many years pa?t the Central Queens land Meat Company has given very hand some prizes for exhibits of etfttle fit for freezing. The new company la going to be Just as'liberal; but it is dividing up its prize, money in a way that may not, perhaps, be quite «o satisfactory to the owners of stock, bxu. will, no doubt, be of -much more benefit ito the district. Its gift of £10 10s. is to be divided ritfto -two prizes—one-half to be given for a pen of cattle suitable for freezing, the other half for the best pen of plis weighing over 1001b. suitable for baeon. At present there are so few pigs grown in the district that the Central Queensland MBat Company has tor a very long time been farced to go South for Its supplier" The directors of tile Acclimatisation Society luve for many yean felt that thoir grounds at Bowen Park are unsuitable for the purpose* to which they are devoted, and serious consideration has been given to the question of disposing of the area to the Government and securing more fav ourable land some way out of town. The soil at Bowen Park is very shallow, and under it comes a porphyry rock, while there Is not Toom for experimental planting, and fruits there are too often stolen by laJs, who have no difficulty in getting through the fences. A deputation consisting of Messrs. L. G. Oorrie (president), W. H. Parker (vice-president), and Edward Grim ley (secretary), of the Acclimatisation Society, waited upon the minister for Lands, and submitted a proposal to him. Mr. Corrie explained that they would be glad to exchange the Bowcd Park land for an area near town, suitable for their work, but the Government had no sucih area to give them, and they were faced by the necessity of offering to surrender the deed of their grounds to the Government for a monetary consideration, «o that they tnighl purchase a place which would be well adapted for economic work. Mr. O'Con nell expressed himself as thoroughly in sympathy with the deputation, tout said that the present was not a thne to ap proach the- Treasurer. Later on~and he advised the deputation-to defer the matter —he would bo glad to recommend a scheme to the Cabinet under which the Government would take over the present grounds, and pay the society for it, either in annual in stalments ,or otherwise. The deputation agreed that the "procedure recommended was the best they couM adopt under the circumstances, though Me. Corrie explained that the society's operations were very much hampered at present, and useful ex periments checked. A patent has been granted to William H. M. Cameron, of Kensington Downs, Mutta burra, a grazier, for " An improved earth scoop," described as follows : —"Two-wheel Tumbling Earth-scoop.—The shafts for three horses abreast are attached to the wheels by upward bowed axle, and extend backwards for the attachment of the scoop slings ; the driver sits above the axle. The scoop is a rectangular box between the wheels, which can rotate on gudgeons near its centre of gravity when full ; the gudgeons are pivoted in a hanging frame slung by two chains to the back of the straps, and raised or lowered in front by chains attached to arms on a rock-shaft that may be locked in " up" or " down" position by 'a pedal and bolt. The draft bar extends across the arms of this rock shaft, and the pull of the animals raises it (when unlocked) to the upper ox travelling position. The scoop door Is hinged at the top of the mouth, and is so connected to a balance-beam that the lowering of the scoop opens the door, and vice versa. The scoop Is locked in its cutting position by a hand-rod which operates bell-cranks a*d catches on' the swinging frame. On re leasing these catches the scoop is emptied by turning aver on Uyubler bars attached to its tap." Tbe Chief Inspector of Stock has pre pared & progress return of the number of hor?es, cattle, and sheep in New South Wales on the let January. He estimates tine number of horses at 446,595, showing a decrease 0f.3217 compared with the same date last year ; oattle, 1,8-80,862, an increase of 39,187 ; sheep, 41,?56,133, an increase of 1,3*6,627. The prospect of receiving the rebate this year «u an inducement to the uneasy farmer to get rid of the " boys" («ays the South Kfelan correspondent of the "Bun da berg Star"), .but they were not aware of the Cabinet giving the Polynesian offi cers instructions to Cancel agreements un tU wo informed by Mr. O'Connell at his meeting. The " boys", were taken into town pa Saturday and paid off, with the excep tion of two, who declined to break their agreements, and returned to the farm. Employers under such a disadvantage can get rid of their boys by a transfer to an employer who is willing to oblige them. Another farmer who took time by the fore lock broke the " boys" agreement just before the New Year, but as the boys raised an objection he was obliged to pay £14, fearing he would be disqualified for the rebate if he kept them any longer. Four applications comprised the business at the l«nd Court (say* the " Maryborough Chronicle" of Saturday). It will "be ob served that the Union Bank, who are the owners of the Degllbo station, were granted •an occupation license of thirty-five 'and a quarter square miles on Chowey Creek aid •Degilbo. They are paying at the rato of £2 3b. 6d. a square mile .per annum for the grazing rights of this large area, but It is conditional, as they forego «ny areas that may be selected, There is every rri&yon; to anticipate a new industry being introduced Into the Defcliba,, district, as Mr. W. A. Feuerheertlt, ..who? has selected some 640 acres, halls from. South Australia, whore he -had * -wide snd successful experience in lamb raising. We understand Mr. Feu erheerdt intends to give lamb raising a trial in the Degllbo district, and it is to be hoped the attempt will be successful. The following Is the Onstom-honse retacn show nrAenambar of balas of wool exported fiom tb* nndermentioaed ports daring the week ended she 6th instant, bysteam and sailing Tassels respeottvely :— \- Total from Brisbane .. 807 bales Total from Hockhampton 106 bale* < Xotal from Towuaville .. 375 bales Grand total for weak .. C9O bales 1 An Italian named Pascuale was fined-1 £10 in Sydney -lor importing grape Tines without permission from the Minister for Agriculture, and £20 for smuggling d case 4-ef vines and «ome ottmr arMdes. Mother ; Port. Per • Steamer. Per Sailer. Ootmtry to wbioh Exported. BalM. 190 107 40 68 ITS Tl«|1tt BriabuM .. United Kingdom New Booth Wnlet United Kingdom New 8outh W«le« United Kingdom Roakbmpton ToMBtrQle ..I .Italian, Angelo Schlber, was fined £20 and costs for aiding and abetting Pascuale. They were, ordered to be Imprisoned till the fines arc paid. The balance-sheet of the Australian Pas toral Company for the past year shows a profit of £3300 on the year's transactions, but the losses of stock during the year are stated at £60,650. A debit balance of £67,150 Is carried forward* The produce trade generally is remark- Able for its present condition. In spite of the exceptionally dry season the value of agricultural products remains at a nor mal figure. No branch has been benefited by drought prices. - This i3 exemplified by prime lucerne, a line most sensitive to weather conditions, which was quot ed last week at 2/8 to 2/11. Other lines are on a parity with it. Although facing what is antici pated to be a large shortage in the maize crop, values are down to from 2/11 to 3/. All this goes to show that the productive power of our agricultural districts is sueh as to enable the production, in tho few ■months of mild, moist weather of spring and early summer, of a sufficiency of the product to keep up the supply over the* severe drought at practically normal .prices. In addition, as further evidence of this, fair quantities have been exported to the Southern States. The potato crop is Just about finished, and it is anticipated that Tasmanlan stocks will be heavily drawn upon in the near future ; also Victorian. 