INTERSTATE. MELBOURNE, May 22. No settlement bag yet been arrived at regarding tbe sum which is to be paid by the underwriters for services rendered by the steamer Narrung in towing the dis abled steamer Hoverie into Fremanlle. The I matter will be discussed in London with a view to an amicable arrangement by the ! underwriters' representatives and Mr. I Lund, owner of the Naming. The administration of the stamp duly ; branch in Victoria has been taken finally from federal control and handed over to I Mr, J, Davidson, collector of imposts, who is in the Lands Department, ■ The Solid j tor-General expresses himself dissntisfied With tbe relations existing between the '■ Commonwealth and tbe state on the ques tion of stamp duties. Tiiomas Soper, aged four years, residing with his parents at Sebaetopol, in the Bnllnrat district, was killed to-day by a stud ram. The child crawled under a wire fence into an enclosure where the animal was confined, and was butted to death. The annual conference of the Austral asian Butter and Cheese Factories' Mana gers' Association was continued to-day. Several additional papers were read arid discussed, and officebearers were elected. Mr. Wallace (Director of Agriculture) strongly advised members of the conference to join'Dr. Cherry's class at the University bacteriological laboratory. Ten undefended divorce cases were listed before Mr. Justice Williams to-day. Two of tbarn were put off till Monday, and in the other eases the usual decree was pro nounced. This makes a total of 35 decrees for the week. MELBOURNE, Slay 23. Tlie ninth annual conference of Australi an i;m Butter and Cheese Factories' Manag ers' Association was concluded to-day. 'Three papers were read, including one by Mr. li. W. Potts on "Wastes in Skim ming," in which lie laid down the rule that tiie uest machines were the most economi cal in the long run. The proceedings in cluded tiic presentation to Mr. Potts of-a marble clock. In reference to a telegram from Adelaide published this morning concerning a com plaint iiv Mr. 8. J. Jacobs (President of the Chamber of Commerce) that South Australian merchants were unfairly treat ed on Victorian railways, Mr. Fitzpatrick (Acting Victorian Railways Commissioner), on being interviewed to-day said:—"I found sonic time ago that business done with Victorian towns between Dimboola and the border was being taken away from Mel bourne by South Australia owing to cer tain reduced railway rates having been brought into operation. The matter was represented to me. and finding on enquiry that, the facts were as stated I made such arrangements with these townships as would stop the unfair competition. It is., my firm resolve to do nothing that will eauise the merchants of Melbourne to lose the trade which they enjoy in their own territory. I am not disposed to state what measures have been taken o:i this side—that is my concern only/' It was South Australia which provoked this state to a battle of railway rates. Mr. Pendle ton reduced.the rates to Serviceton in ordei to capture the Victorian trade. It is true a special rate was charged between Service ton and Dimboola, but Adelaide merchants found tliev could circumvent the Victorian department by consigning goods to Lilli mur and reconsigning to Dimboola. It was to end this competition that Mr. Fitz natrick was moved to act. The plea that South Australian rates are uniform all the wav to Serviceton is regarded as a special one. as the railway traverses what for the most, part is a desert. MELBOURNE. May 25. Two memorials of her late Majesty Queen Victoria were unveiled at Bafiarat yester day bv the Attorney-General (Rp. Deakin), who was accompanied by the Postmaster General (Sr. Drake). One of the memorials is a massive and artistic drinking fountain of polished Harcourt granite and marble, and was erected in Queen Victoria square by the Women's Christian Temperauce Union. The olber memorial is a beautifully designed mural tablet, erected in the Bal larat City Hall, close to the tablet me morial of the late Duke of Clarence. The trial, of Carl William Frederick Ger laeli, aged 38, on a charge of arson, was concluded on Saturday. llie jury returned a verdict of guilty. The Chief Justice passed a sentence of 15 months' imprison ment. MELBOURNE, May 26. ! The estate of Paul Finest branea.rt, trad ing as E. Fiancart & Co.. woo]brokers, has been placed in insolvency. The liabilities ave set down as £36,199 and the assets as £2,437. The principal creditor is the firm of liuhler & Co., Paris. £25,210. None of the creditors is secured. Cabinet decided to-day that on and after Monday next the working hours of civil servants shall cease at 5 p.m. instead of 4.30 p.m. Seven divorce petitions were dealt with I to-day. In each case the wife was the petitioner. Six decrees were granted, and in the other instance a case was stated for the Full Court on the point whether the | facts given in the evidence constituted wil ful desertion for three years. A startling statement was recently made I by a nurse who registered under the In fant Life Protection Act, that her registra tion had been cancelled because she bad declined to keep an open liouse for the in spectors. The Chief Inspector of Police has | had careful enquiry made, and has come to the conclusion that there is no truth in the woman's statement. L Tho result of a post-mortem examination i on the body of Alice Nelson, a child 11 years of age, whose death was alleged to have been due to neglect, was given to a coro ner's jury at the morgue to-day by Dr. C. II. Mollison. The deceased child was a daughter of diaries Nelson, a bootmaker, living at Clifton Hill. Mr. Mollison stated I that the child's body was very emaciated. The feet were swollen and tl»» legs con tracted at the knees and left hip. Behind the left ear there was a sore which exposed the bone. The skin of the back was red and raw. There was an ulcerated wound at the back of the right side of the chest which exposed tha fourth and fifth ribs. The upper part of the right thighbone was protruding through the skin, and the cap sule of the hipjoint was exposed. The an terior part of the crest of the left hipbone | was sticking through tl»2 skin, and there was an ulcerated sore at the back of each hipbone. The lower end of the right thigh- , bone was sticking through the skiu, which ! was white and scarred- The heart was re- 1 laxed. Pleurisy was commencing on the ! right side of the chest, with a slight col lapse of the lung. Death was due to blood poisoning from numerous patches of ulcera tion on the body. They were bedsores, .and indicated gross neglect. The Coroner (Mr. Candler) said the evidence disclosed cruel neglect. It was their duty to enquire whe ther. the case was one of a criminal nature, or whether it was due to circumstances over which tlie parent had no control. He ad journed the inquest till next Tuesday week. , fite Chief Justice iotiay delivered re served judgment in the Jlenty case, the hearing of which occupied 47 sitting dare of the court. The plaintiffs were two of the daughters of tlie late Mr, Francis llenty, whose estate is raided at £900,000, end tiicv charged various breaches of trust in regard to the transfer of the business of James Henty & Co, The Chief Justice occupied Bi* and a half hours is delivering his written judgment, which Was generally in favour of the plain tiffs, The cost of the trial is estimated at £10,000, At the railway workshops 172 of the casual hands have been notified that their services will not he required after next month. The authorities explain that the reductions have been rendered necessary in order to keep expenditure within the estimates. Moreover, there has been a falling off in the work to be done. MELBOURNE May 27. The exodus from Victoria to South Africa lias been going on quietly but stea dily since Christmas, no fewer than 883 permits having been issued in Melbourne by the chief clerk of the Department of kxternnl Affairs. Each applicant for a permit, except those going in charge of horses, had to show he was possessed of at least £100, Tiie great majority possessed far more than this, while one or two show ed drafts for £5,000. Hie third session of the Htata j'awia ment was opened to-day by the Governor. Sir George Clarke, with the accustomed ceremonial. His Excellency's speech In cluded brief mention of the following Bills, which will practically form the programme of work set before the Legislature for this session:—Provision for the expected de ficit; constitutional reform; mallee water supply; factories act continuation; further encouragement to prospecting for gold; fur ther improvement of primary education; technical education; extension of land set- : tlemclnt; forests conservation; local govern ment; law consolidation; a Licensing Act Amendment Act; electoral law simplifica tion; lunacy management reform; Concilia tion and Arbitration Bill; beer adultera tion prevention. In the Legislative As sembly, on the motion of the Premier, the House adjourned after tho reading of the Governor's Speech till to-morrow, as a mark of respect to the memory of the Lite Mi'. H. Foster, M.L.A., who was buried this 'afternoon. Similar action was taken by the Legislative Council. The Victorian Customhouse return for April shows that imports amounted to £1,'254,652, and exports (o £1,194,164. Gold shipments from Melbourne by the mail steamer Oruba to-day amounted to £2,000. A misfortune overtook the steamer Saint Ronald in liobson's Bay this morning. During a fairly thick fog the vessel, which had entered the heads during Hie early hours of the morning from Newcastle, pro ceeded up towards the bay by way of the south channel, but got out b£ her course and went aground at about 7 o'clock on the St. Ivilda bank. When the fog lifted she could be easily seen from the shore. The Saint ltonald, which is a large vessel, was laden with 4,000 tons of coal, and during the day a quantity of this cargo was transferred into lighters to give her every chance of floating off. Her position was not in the least dangerous, and, as was expected, the steamer floated off between 5 and 6 o'clock this evening. She then proceeded up the river. George William?, aged 35, a miner, who was employed in the • North Shamrock Mine at Bendigo, met with a shocking death this morning. He and his mate, George Graham, aged 60, were returning to the surface through the Shenandoah shaft when a skid 30 ft. long became unloosed from the other winding compartment, and, crashing through the cage, knocked Wil liams out. The unfortunate man fell about 800 ft., and vwhen his body was recovered in the well, at a depth of 2,782 ft., it waB destitute of clothing, and the head and one arm were missing. Graham, who re mained in the cage, was removed to the hospital suffering severely from shock. SYDNEY, May .22. .The general purposes committee of the City Council, at a meeting to-night, agreed to recommend that the general assessment for next year be 1/10 in tne pound, a re duction of 2d. on the previous year's rate. The question of Australian precedence submitted by Mr. Copeland, Agent-General for New .South Wales, to Mr. Chamber lain was, it is understood, considered at the Conference of Premiers. Mr. See stated to-day that as the whole matter was marked private and confidential lie could not say anything about it. It was ga thered, however, that what is in dispute is the precedence of Premiers in I heir own states over members of tlie Commonwealth Cabinet (other than the Federal Prime Minister), who may be temporarily present in the state. The Premiers think they ought to take precedence im their own stales. SYDNEY, May 23. In .Tune of last vcar an action was tried in the Supreme Court in which William Gladstone Mellor, of Blarney, sued the Rev. Thomas Parker, Wesleyan minister, a'so resident at Ilkiyney. to recover compen sation for slander, alleged to have been cir culated by defendant in regard to plaintiff while the latter was a member of defen dant's church and clioia-, by charging him with immorality. The jury returned a ver dict for the defendant, and subsequently the plaintiff applied for a new trial oil the grounds mainly that the verdict was against the evidence, and that the Judge who tried the case was in error in directing the jury that the publication of the slanders com plained of was upon a privileged occasion. The points involved were fully argued a short time ago before the Full Court, and to-day the reserved judgment of the bench was delivered. The court held:—"The com munications were not so fin the interests of | either thfe defendant or any of the persons ' to whom he mode them as to warrant the conclusion that any of them was privileged, nor can we see that such conclusion could be put upon the ground that there was any social or moral duty on defendant's part to make them." A new trial was therefore ordered. The Premier received a cable message from the Agent-General to-day stat'ng that a three-million loan had been success fully floated. The loan, which is a 3 per cent, one, has been fully underwritten at 94$. Mr. See, in referring to the matter, stated that it was only decided a few days ago to put the loan on the market, and the result, which was 10/, or one-half per cent., better than that of the last loan, showed that the credit of the state was ?;ood. The money was wanted primarily or reproductive works, and he thought the loan had gono off in the quickest time on record. A meeting of graduates and undergradu ates of the Sydney University was held to-night, at which a resolution was sub mittal expressing regret at the utterances of Professor Wood concerning the Boer war, but Condemning attacks upon him on the ground that they were tantamount to a blow at freedom of speech. The resolu tion was discussed at length. It was ap parent that the greater number of those present had no sympathy with Professor \\\ oml'p views, tmi an attempt to silence ft member of the professorial Btnff and to threaten bim with punishment was con* demited, , The resolution was adopted by a large majority. „„ , , BYLNf Y, May 26. j he election of a member to represent the city division of Pyimorit in the Legis lative Assembly took place yesterday, The vacancy was created through the appoint ment of Mr, 6, Smith (Labour) jts a mem ber of tbe Arbitration Court. There were four candidates, and the polling Was as fol lows:—John McNeill (selected Labour con didnte), 875; Andrew Cochrane (Indepen dent Labour). 370; Thomas Gallon (Pro gressive), 26; John Bcban, 13. Majority for McNeill, 696. The interstate conference of the federal Cycling Council was concluded yesterday morning. It wbb resolved that the next conference should be held in Adelaide, Mr, Gattatd, the 8outh Australian delegate, was elected President of the council. The dele gates were entertained at a harbour picnic and banquet. The barque Loch Brednn, which left Sydney at tbe end of April for Liverpool with general cargo, returned to port to-day in a damaged condition. The captain re ported that on May 3 a heavy sea broke aboard. It smashed two lifeboats to atoms and damaged a third, bent and twisted the davits an a stanchions on the port side, and carried away the rails of the forecastle head and poop rail; demolished the deck house fittings, and washed the poop ladders overboard. Tbe stove in the cook's galley and sailors' quarters were flooded, and the stores in the Jazarette was damaged. It was oiso believed that the water found its way among a portion of the cargo. Oil bags were psed with good effect on May 14, and on the following day the weather moderated and tbe ship continued its course, but as had weather was again en countered Capt. Wililams decided to return to Sydney. The first party selected by Burns, Philp, and Co. to proceed to the New Hebrides un der the company's scheme lor the promotion of Australian settlement by the issue of free land grants will sail by the Mambare from Sydney 011 Saturday next. At a meeting oi intending settlers yesterday tlie hope was expressed that the Commonwealth Govern ment would request the home authorities to expedite the formation of a land commis sion to deal with the land titles, that the settlers would be relieved from any ele ment of uncertainty that might exist on the quofition. It was emphasized at the meeting that settlers would not be bound in any way until they had been through the group and inspected the land for them selves. SYDNEY, May 26. Thomas Nicholas Birch was placed on trial at the Central Criminal Court to- day, charged with the murder of Augustine Lawrence, at Rockdale, on April 25. Bircli had been living apart from his wife, and on the afternoon of the day in question he went to the house in which she (Law rence) and other relatives were engaged in transacting business. He called to nis wife to come to speak to him on the veran dah. This she refused to do,,'-and he fired a shot at her without effect. Lawrence, her brother, then went to the verandah to remonstrate with Birch, who shot him dead. . Biroh was sentenced to death. Acting Justice Pring held out no hope of mercy to the condemned man. The Norwegian barque Zelateur, which left Sydney in ballast for Adventure Bay, Tasmania, on May C, returned to port to night. Wljen a few days out tiie Zelateur met with a succession of heavy gales from the south, eouth-west, and west. Several sails and the spanker boom were carried away. The vessel was hove to for 16 days, and owing to head winds could make little or no progress. Provisions began to run out, and it was decided to return to Sydney to replenish stores. Decrees nisi were granted in 15 eases in the Divorce Court to-day. The majority of the applications were made 011 the ground of desertion. - • BROKEN HILL, May 23. Last evening the mining engineers were entertained at a smoke social by the Min ing Managers' Association at the Free masons' Hotel. The guests, who number ed (30 or 70. were welcomed by Mr. G. 1). Delprat (President- of the association), and a thoroughly enjoyable evening was spent. To-day the engineers visited the Block 10 Mine in the morning, and in the afternoon the- Australian Metal Company'6 works at West Broken Hill. Mr. H. M. Ridge (the manager) exhaustively explained while the machines were in movement the principles of magnetic separation as applied to the Barrier and other complex ores. Later they inspected the local electric lighting works. Matters in connection with the St. Peter's Church of England, which have been in an unsatisfactory state lately, have been brought to a successful position. A special meeting held last night was presided over by the new vicar, the Rev. R. D. Herring. It w.-m convened under the powers of the Bishop's mandate. The general election of officebearers took place, and satisfactory ar rangements were made for the reorganiza tion of the church. (Steps will soon be taken towards the erection of a new church. BROKEN HILL, May 24. In consequence of the high prices ruling for live stock the local butchers have de cided to raise the price of beef and mut ton on an average of a penny and a half penny respectively from Monday next. A ifh'e broke out at 12 o'clock last night at a boarding-bouse known as "The Pep pers" in Wolfram street. The premises, which were occupied by Mr. G- B. Bush and owned by Mr. James Hebbard, were partly destroyed. "The furniture and ef fects were insured for £170, and the bouse was also covered by insurance. The out break is supposed to have been caused bv the explosion of a kerosine lamp, which was left turned.low in the dining-room. The unemployed held a. mass meeting at the Town Hall last night. About 800 people were present. The meeting was very dis orderly, hut before breaking up the follow ing resolution was carried:—"That the members for the district be requested to urge upon the consideration of the Govern ment the pressing need for immediate relief of the unemployed in Broken Hill, and that the municipal council be asked to give ef fect to the resolution." It was also agreed that the Mayor should telegraph immedi ately to the members informing them of the resolution, and that he take the earliest op portunity of pressing the question on tne attention of the council. BROKEN HILL, May 26. A special meeting of the Barrier branch of the A.M.A. was held last evening to con sider reports and correspondence in connec tion with the proposed underground con tract agreement at the Proprietary Mine arid the existing hours of labour and the rate of wages. After -a long discussion, it was decided to refer the whole question to the Arbitration Court. The sudden death of William Varley, which occurred last month at Langawiira station, was the subject of a magisterial enquiry to-day. Evidence was given to the effect that deceased had taken a drink of water from a stone jar which must have contained traces of arsenic. A finding ol accidental arsehical poisoning was returned, Two employes of the Proprietary Mine were admit ted to the hospital to*day suffer itiR from alight injuries, David Munroe }eu down a stairway on the surface, and Javld Jones wa« hurt by a fall of ground, Aa Parliament is not^tfnj? Pmi' dent of the legislative Councnahd the Speaker of the House of Assembly have forwarded a circular to members enclosing a cony of an address they propose to send to His Majesty the Kihg on his corona* tion, „ ,. HOBAtlT, May 25. William tie Grand, one of the oldest residents of Hobart, and well known as a bonk collector, was found in his shop on Saturday in a dying condition, and waa removed to the hospital, where he lies in an unconscious state. The chopping match between Philip Helm and George Harris for £100 and the championship of Southern Tasmania, was decided yesterday. It attracted much at* tention. Helm finished in 3m. 38s., beating Harris, who took 3m. 59b. The log was 2 ft. in diameter and 6 ft, 4 in. in girtb. PERTH, May 22. Capt, PaulsoD, of the Danish barque Ebba, which arrived at Fremantle from New York yesterday, reports that on February' 9, in latitude 30.15 N., and long itude 54.28 W., he passed a three-masted water logged schooner, apparently an Ame rican vessel. The uiasts were' gone, but the jibboom rail and davits were undam aged. There was no one to be seen on the vessel. The hull of the derelict was painted black, and the deckhouse, which was situated aft, was painted white. The' name of the schooner was undistinguish nble. Capt. Paulson considers that the floating wreck is a serious danger to navi gation. PERTH, May 25. A fort her instance of the anomalies aris ing out of the administration of the Un desirable Immigrants' Act occurred «t Fre mantie yesterday. About two months ago the steamer Goodwin, which was manned by an Asiatic crew, put into Fremantle, and six of the men deserted. The Collec tor of Customs demanded and obtained from the captain and agents, Mclhvraith, McEacharn, & Co., Limited, before giving the ship clearance, six bonds of £600 in all for the transportation of the deserters on the ground that they were undesirables. Recently one of the deserters named Char les Graham was arrested. According to his own statement, Graham is a British sub ject, having been born at Singapore, his mother being a Japanese and his father a Scotchman. This cosmopolitan, but intel ligent young fellow, who speaks English fluently, signed on as Goodwin at London. The magistrates sentenced him to four weeks' imprisonment for desertion. The shipping agents, however, have intimated that they will transport him in order to save their bond money. PERTH. May 26. To-day William Robertson, while engaged in. demolishing the old Western Australian Bank premises, now owned by Messrs. Foy and Gibson, who intend to erect new pre mises oil the site, was killed by a falling wall. His skull was fractured, and death was almost, instantaneous. At Albany on Saturday Charles Hynani, aged 5 years, was buried by a fall of sand while playing with other children in a hole in a sandbank. Two other boys -some years older were also buried, but managed to burrow their way out. Il.vnam was rescued a few seconds later by his father, who at once carried him to the hospital, where he died yesterday. PERTH, May 27. The mail steamer Himalaya shipped at Fremantle yesterday 50,000 sovereigns for London, ana gold bullion for Indian ports valued at £25,015. Parliament has been further prorogued until after the coronation celebrations. KALGOORLIE, May 23. Victor Watts, a miner, was accidentally killed at the Boulder Perseverance Mine late last night. He was working with Ed ward Hill in the south stope at No. 2 level. They had just tired two shots when about 50 tons of earth came away, and the fringe of the mass, striking Watts, inflicted fatal injuries. Deceased was a single man, about 30 years of age. A serious outbreak of fire occurred at Kanowna early* this morning. The flames are supposed to have started at McColm's store, Isabella street. This building, Heath's store, O'Brien's wine and beer sa loon, and an adjoining restaurant, were totally destroyed. KALGOORLIE, May 27. The deadly power of an electric current was demons! rated in a sensational manner in Ilannau's street this morning. A horse owned and driven by -John Wahnsley. baker, of Piccadilly, was killed instantly by contact with a telephone wire. The cause of the mishap was a broken telephone wire, which in falling caught over the head of a cable of the Hannan s street tramway, and bung suspended a couple of feet from the ground. Wahnsley, in driving, did not no tice the dangling wire. The horse came in contact, with the result that it sank to the ground dead. Walmsley alighted from his cart, and touching the horse received a severe shock, owing to the effects of which he is now confined to his bed. ESPEltANCE, May 22. A meeting was held last night to consider the rabbit invasion. A resolution was pass ed urging upon the Government the neces sity tor the immediate erection of a fence to the east of Esperance, with the object of protecting the grass patches and all tin agricultural land to 75 miles north, as pro mised to the member for Dundas by the Premier last session. The general opinion here is that the Government's apathy in carrying this important work out deserves severe censure. The neglect will result, it is considered, in hundreds of thousands of acres of valuable agricultural and pas toral land being devastated. BRISBANE, May 27. Gen. Hutton, addressing the troops at the Lytton encampment to-day, stated that in the future constitution of the Common wealth forces Queensland would have its brigade of the Australia Horse, which would consist of 12 troops. To three re giments of mounted infantry would be al lotted one battery, while in ali probability another battery would be allotted to the in fantry brigade. So far as military expen diture was concerned the estimates of four years ago would be reverted to. WELLINGTON, May 22. The public accounts show that the ordi nary revenue for the financial year has in creased by £220,949, as compared with the previous year. There was a large increase of expenditure on public works, railways, and defence. Old-age pensions advanced from £19(3,607 to £207,468. The barque Gladys, which arrived yester day from Liverpool, was badly damaged iu a vale on May 13. The starboard bulwark was battered in, the foretopmast, maintopgal lantmast, and mizzentopmast went by the board, tlie forecastle head was gutted out, the lighthouse and sidelights were smashed, two boats were lost, and the deck fittings And house were knocked to splinters, The crew, of whom several were injured, lost •11 their effects. When the uladys was flicked up yesterday itt Gook Straits there was a foot of water in the hold, and rite wa8 not answering to ber helm, WELLINGTON, May 23. I The Wellington Harbour Hoard proposes to borrow a quarter of a million for her- j hour works, which include considerable wharf extension. The number of fires which occurred in Wellington during the past year was 03. On a basis of population this is 103 per cent, more than in Sydney, and the pro portion is Btill greater, compared with Mel bourne and Adelaide. The steamer Workfield on arrival at the Bluff today reported having spoken the barque Loch IJredan in latitude 41.30 S., longitude 163.10 E. 'the vessel, which left Sydney on April 25 for Liverpool with a general cargo. bad encountered rough Weather, and lost all her boats. She was putting bank to Sydney. WELLINGTON, May 25. The Government has announced that it Will subsidize pound for pound the amount ?pent by local bodies from their own funds a coronation festivities. Programmes are being prepared in all centres of New Zea land for the celebrations. 1 WELLINGTON, May 28. 'A crave scandal has been revealed in Christ church in connection with doctors' prescriptions. At a meeting ot the Pharma-j feuticai Association it was stated by a lead- j ing chemist that one Cliristcliurch firm paid commissions to doctors amounting to BO per cent, on the retail price. The outcome Of die practice was that nine out of 10 prescriptions written by some medical men Would contain the name of a firm. Drug- j gists who paid commission frequently could not make up the loss, but higher charges were made to the public. Owing to competition, therefore, they were reduced to the position that they could not honest- j ly dispense prescriptions. Another chemist i stated that some doctors libelled a druggist j iwho would not give commissions, but took good care not to come within the libel law. A resolution was carried disapproving of J secret commissions to doctors in any form whatever. AUCKLAND, May 22. Sir Harry Rawson, the new Governor of New South Wales, interviewed at Auck land to-day, said the feeling in England is that Ministers of the colonies must as busi ness men decide what their defence should be. If they considered it wise to insure their property against war risk they should do so. The vessels of the Australian Squad ron, though up to date when sent out first and still well adapted for the work they were doing, would be of very little use in the event of an outbreak of war if they Were called upon to meet such modern war ships as would no doubt be sent to attack the colonies. i 