OENEKAL NEWS. The Breadalbanc Estate, 14 miles from Corona, consisting of 889 acres iius been sold at auction by Mr. D. Oswald for £4 per acre. The Empress Alix of Bussia, wife of Czar Nicholas, - »-lio h&\- been in poor health : tor a considers! time pa^i, is now teportr-* ue .....jously ill with peritonitis. ' The death lo aunounced of Mr. Ed ward Quiglcy, aged 26,' a hotelkeeper of Temora, and son of Mrs. Tracey, of the Club Jtlotel, Gundagai, on Friday morn ing. He leaves a wife and child. In response to a largely signed peti tion. Mr. G. H. Beid, who is visiting Dcniliquin professionally for the Circuit Court durine the month, has consented to deliver an address on the 25th, when ail enthusiastic welcome is assured. Sir Thomas Lipton's new challenger for the America Cup (Shamrock 111.) has been tried against the earlier chal lengers, Shamrock I. and II. The new challenger easily outclassed both her op ponents. The water supHvr in the Edward Biver at Dcniliquin is in the lowest condition ever remembered. Grave fears are en tertained whether there is sufficient for the requirements of the town until rain co in Mi. The supnlv is now limited to the daytime, consumers being' requested to conserve carefully. An officer of tne Public Works Depart ment has been despatched to Broken Hill with instructions to make the necessary -reparations to commence the construc tion of a weir across Umberumberka Creek, in eonnoction with the .scheme to provide Broken Hill with a new water supply. A young railway porter has been ar rested at Altona. a town on tbe Danish Fide of the Elbe, near Hamburg, on a charge of having murdered three womoa in circumstances resombliiiT the notori ous ''Jack the Ripper' crimes in White cha4K'l fifteen years ago. Xcws has been received at Pehsawur that Lieutenant-Colonel A. C. Yale, of the Indian staff corps, has been arrested by Afghan troops, who found him wan dering near Fort Spinbaldok, on the Af ghan side of the frontier, which it is be lieved he had unknowingly crossed. One of the oldest colonists, in the per son of Mrs. Burney, died at TiiiiiTiarum ba last week, at the ripe age of 92 years. She was born at Svdney ill August of the vear 1811. and had lived at Windsor dur ing her girlhood, but since middle age she had been residing in the Tumbarumba d strict, and was consequently one of the oldest inhabitants. She leaves three children and a large number of grand children and great grand-children. The Bev. H. M. M. Evans, vicar of St. Michael. Finsbuir, Shoreditch, who wa.s suspended last November by Dr. Ingram. Bishop of London, for extreme ritualistic practices, including the invo cation of tie saints, has 'gone over' to the Church of Rome, with many mem bers of his congregation. The will of the late Sir Charles Gavan Duify has been lodged in Melbourne tor nrobate. His estate, which is valued at £7166, consists chiefly of real estate in the county of Mornington and in St. JJalda and South Yarra. The testator l5sj-S»a*hs -£609 cad to. Jiis. three adult daughters, and directs the residue of his estate to be divided between the 6aid daughters and testator's four infant ichildren. The will was made at Nice 011 18th November, 1898. Lord Londonderry (president of the Board ol Education) has expressed aston ishment at the wild rumours which have of late been in circulation with regard to the Home Rule intentions of the Go vernment.. Lord Londonderry oeclares that he never even hoard a member of the Government mention the subject. Mr. George Wyndham (Chief Secretary for Ireland) describes the rumors as 'un- founded rubbish.' j The Sultan of Morocco sent the Oov crnor of Fez to Gibraltar to greet King Edward, and congratulate him upon hfs coronation. The King laid the coping stone of King Edward'6 Dock at Gibral tar. Several excursions and a garden oarty have tended to make pleasant his estyfc visit to ' the Bock.' jur. John Redmond, the leader of the Irish party has, in a speech in Dublin, warned the Liberal party of the danger of mixing up in Parliament any ques tion of Home Dule with the discussion of the Land Bill. Any such course, he said, would imperil the land scheme. The recent visit of the Emperor Wil liam to -Copenhagen is attributed to a desire to secure the alliance of jjen mark in the event of Germany being engaged in war with a naval power. Some anxietj* is frit at Holland at the despatch of additional German troops to Wesel. a fortified town on the right bank of the Rhine, not far from the Dutch frontier. A fresh information has been laid by Detective Pimlot against B. J. Carlyon in connection with the Yalgoo (W.A.) case, in which an explosive package was sent through the -post-office. At the hearing of the first information Carlyon was discharged, the local magistrates holding that there was 110 evidence to co to a jury. It is understood that the notice have discovered important addi tional evidenoe in the case. A cableflram from Danver„, in the State of Massachusetts, where Mrs. En dicott, -mother of Mrs. Joseph Chamber lain, resides, announces that it is ex pected that Mr. and Bre. Chamberlain will during the coming summer go to the United States ou a visit to Mrs. En dicott. Mrs. Chamberlain was the daughter of the late Judge Endicott, of the United States Supreme Court, Mas sachusetts, and Secretary for War in President Cleveland's Cabinet. Miss Amy and Miss Dolly Castles have arrived at Paris from Australia, and have commenced their musical studies under M. Bouhy, the distinguished French vocal teacher. He _ considers that Miss Any Castlos's voice is as fresh and vigorous as ever, and that it has not suffered from her Australasian concert tour. M. Bouhy is surprised at the beauty and volume of Miss Dolly's voice and sayjs that if she studies well Aus tralia will be proud of her. Notwithstanding the veto passed last year by the Parliament of the Dominion of Canada upon the anti-Mongolian emi gration law adopted by the. province of British Colombia, the latter has re enacted the vetoed measure, which is oased 011 the Natal Asiatic Aliens Act, with an educational test for Chiney ana Japanese immigrants. The legislators of British Colombia strongly insist tnat the salvation of the province is depen dent- upon the exclusion from it 01 Orientals. Printed and publlfhed bv Jobs Halowbll Ratt.t.te u-d Pekct Jmxs Jobhstone, at tbe 'Kxpren' Printing Works, I Wutga W.gga, in tbe State of Hew I BoatE W*U(-- number of native teachers and preachers at tbe American rikission on B,nk Island, in the Carolines Group. It is alleged that they have -beau preaching against Germany. A remarkable outrage was Committed by two fanatics of the Dawara tribe at the frontiers of Afghanistan. British officers were playing golf at tbe Sliran shali Tochi links (dose to the Tochi Biver at the Afghan frontier), when the fanatics fired and wounded three offi cers. One of the fanatics was killed and the other captured. A successful day's sports and conoert was held on the recreation ground at Adelong on Monday,' for the purpose of raising funds to purchase an ambulance waggon to facilitate the removal of pa tients to the Gundagai and Tumut hos pitals. About £50 will be netted alto gether. A shocking railway outrage is reported from Dublin. Two bogie wheels and a piece of a truck were placed across the line at Ballymoe, in Galway, on the v-ieat Northern and Western railway. The night mail for Dublin ran into the obstruction, telescoping two of the car riages, with the result that one passen ger was killed and eight others injured. A boy named Thomas Bromley was shot in the face at Ballarat on Monday with a bullet from a pea rifle. The bul let entered by one eneek, and , passing through the mouth, came out through the other cheek without affectiug tne teeth or gums. He is in no danger. The doctors regard the case as a remark able one. At the conclusion of the crossexamina tion of Leightou, in the West Austra lian bank robbery case, counsel for Jones asked for M'Laeaii to be placed in the box. Leighton whispered hurriedly to Jones, who thereupon dissented to the calling of MTjagan. In consequence his counsel resigned his brief. Alter a retirement of two and a quarter hours the jury found Jones guilty of receiving the stolen Kalgoorlie notes, and Leigh ton guilt.v ot receiving the stolen Perth notes. Ill order to give an opportunity for tho fullest possible restitution his Honor deferred sentences till Wednes day next. Mr. E. Baldwin met with a serious accident at Kyneton (Vic.) on Friday. He was. driving a horso in a dogcart, when the animal bolted, and jumped the gates at tho crossing at the railway sta tion. Mr. Baldwin was thrown out on the railvaw line, and rendered uncon scious. He was taken home, where it was found that his injuries consisted of a seveie scalp wound, which required stitching, a bad cut to one arm, and bruises and abrasions 011 his -back. He is progressing as favorably as possible. The horse dragged the doecart over' tho trates after it. An engine that was shunting at the time was brought to a standstill a few yards away from the home and vehicle as the result of a prompt effort oil the part of Signalman Doran. who. by wavinc a red flag and shouting, attracted the enginedriver's attention just in time. A sad fatality occurred at Bet hani^i (Vic.) on Thursday morning. William Maclure, enginedriver at the reduction works of the Bethanga Gold-fields, Ltd.. having finished his shift (2 a.m.) and stopped his engine, went to turn off the steam from the electric lighting plant. In order to do this he had to climb a iew stops up n stepladder. Maclure inad vertently placpd his hand on a small pipe which conveys the steam to the electric jigbting-cngine^ the heat erf which caused him to swerve and fall , slightly bruffiing his face and snraining his wri6t. His injuries were very slight, but sufficient unfortunately to give his wife a fatal shock. Maclure got home shortly be fore 3 o'clock, and his wife after wash ing his bruises and bathing and bandag ing his wrist, swooned. She recovered consciousness for a little time, but at 6 o'clock she suddenly expired. An in quiry was held, and a finding returned that death occurred from natural causes, probabably heart failure. About two months ago a man named Mansell a resident of Bathurst, joined in company with another man, carrying his swag, to continue the journey to- gether. They camped at Linden one night, and and on the following morning Mansell left the camp without saying where he was going. Later on on the road the stranger mentioned the matter to someone who knew Mansell, and as he had not then reached his home search parties, under the guidance of Constable Faunce, scoured the country in the vi- cinity for several days without finding any trace of the missing man. On Sat- urday some human remains were found in Smith's Gully, five miles from Linden Station. On the clothes was found suffi- cient to identify the remains as those of the lost man. A piece of paper was also found stating that deceased had died practically of starvation, as he stated that he had nothing but water for six days. A German war-ship has arrested a Burglars broke into Line's bakery at Goulburn, and wheeled the safe away to the railway embankment. They put a charge of dynamite on it so large that the safe was shattered to pieces, the coiiLs in it bent, the bank-notes torn to shreds, and the ledger thrown 10 yards away into a pond. The policp found money strewn everywhere. The robbers could have secured only a few shillings. The clerk had ou the previous night re moved £40 from the safe because no saw suspicious-looking strangers about. A bicyclist on Monday missed the Maryborough train at Cluues \tic.), but, mounting his machine, he spea away to wards Croswick in the hope of there | overtaking the train, which had a start of several miuutes. On arrival at Cres wiok, a distance nf -11 miles, tho wheel man was surprised to find that he had beaten the train by over a qparfer of an hour, as when it steamed into the Cres wick station he had nartaken of refresh ments with friends, aud was walking up and . down the platform loudly condemn ing the department for 'humbugging him and wasting his time.' The Dean Cemetery at Edinburgh, where the late General Sir Hector Alac donald is buried, is being literally in vaded by crowds of persons flocking to the grave. These have been so dense that the authorities have been compelled to insist that those societies which placed wreaths of Jmmortelles 011 the grave should provide a guard for their protec tion. the New Zealand Gaelic Society and many- other bodies have adopted this suggestion, and are -providing the neces sary protection. A fire broke out in Farrell's Chambers, in King-street, in the heart of -the city, at 9.20 p.m. 011 Monday, and all the re sources of the fire brigades were quickly called up. The building is of three stories, and the fire was found to be rag ing on the second story, which is usou as office*. Three lines of hose were got to bear directly 011 the seat of the fire, and in half an hour the fire was conquered, though the flames had extended from the first floor to the roof: and the whole building suffered damage from fire or water. One line of _ hose was carried up an extension ladder. The ladder fouled the electric tram wires and the telephone wires, and the firemen cot a severe trat not dangrous shock. The buildiuK .insured ior £4000, and the property of tenants lor £10,000. 