DEVELOPING VICTORIA. HOW TO FOSTER ITS INDUTRIE6." STATE GOVERNOR AND PREMIER . AT COLAC. (jOLAG. Wednesday In the course of his speeches" at tixe .opeuiug of tho Farmers' Couveutionto- day,.. • His "Excellency tho Governor spokeat somo length on-the subject of tho industries of tho land, which he" recognised as tho back bone of the prosperity of the states (Hear, hear;. The mere lie saw of this "wonderful country tho moro certain ho was that tliese groat industries" should bo widely developed. Thero wore three tilings needed to ensure pro- ; gross—oo-operation,. association and organi sation. Theso wero three ugly Latin words, but they represented throb things that wo could not do without.. Farmers in all coun-. tries found it difficult to secure combination, on account of tbo special conditions of their life. ■ They lived far apart, and their occupa tion was practically continuous. -Even"... if;: those happy conditions camo to pass when farmers would go about on automobiles, they would'still have the same difficulty in combin ing. -They. hadiuot the samo opportunities of coming together, to receive instruction and information and of exchanging views as were at the disposal of dwcllors of tho towns. 1 He thorofpro viewed tho convention as extremely important, and hoped that it would bo tho precursor of many futuro conventions; ; Vic toria was pre-eminent among the states of Australia as an agricultural, country. The ;valuo of tho total agricultural productions for tho year 1901 was far "greater than that of any otlior state, and more than one-fourth of tho total agricultural production of Aus tralia. In certain crops, the Victorian aver ages were higlior than any others, and much' of the Victorian land was of splendid quality. Tim. Boor . delegates who roccnt-ly visited Aus tralia remarked upon tins-fact. and told him that New Zoaland could not hold a caudle to Victoria idi this; respect. A great deal of .tho poorer.land, with a little more science, might bo made reproductive. The possibili ties of production in Viqtoria. wore now only beginning to be realised. The high prices which loud obtained, combiued with tho ac tivity ,of llio Agricultural department, in duced groat hopes for the future of Victoria. More than 2000 years ago an ancient Roman wrolo a treatise on agriculture: Two of his maxims were that a farmor should feed his stock well, and that a good husbandman .should bo a seller and not a buyer. That ail ment . husbandman did not know-, anything about butter, because ho used it oh tbo out sido instead of inside. • (Laughter). This man .did not know anything allout Australia, but Australians would admit that there was profit in fooding stock well,. If "hotter provision had been made, for feeding stock, there would nofcsfe&vo; been such heavy loss through the recent drought... It should', bo tho -object of the farmor now, as it was then, to get as muoh as ho could out of the soil, by selecting what yielded tbo most economical advantage. An important matter with which tliey would doal'was tho export trade in agricultural pro ducts. The export trade of Victoria was capable of being, very largely developed. Tho development of the export trade in" butter was an instance of what could be done. There ! had, however," been a large falling oil oil ac count of the drought, which might liavo been proveiitod to a great extent if proper measures bad been" taken: The foreign butter market was a very largo , ono indeed, and Victoria had great competitors. The production of Danish butter now approached a maximum, and Siberia and Argentina ■ wero also rivals. The Siberian production had increased very much during tho past few years, but, con sidering the conditions of climate, it must be possible to beat'Siberia. With regard to tho Argentina, though it had developed very much, • the'.resourcef ulness of our own race should enable U3 to win in a contest. (Hear, hear). The frozen moat market.also was a very largo one, aud it was perfectly certain to increase. Ho did not think tliat we: played as great a part in that market as we should do. New Zealand made enormous strides in tho frozen meat market, and rlie Argentina also,: and thero was a great future for tho farmers in Victoria. Tho cheese market seemed to be neglected in Victoria. Ho had been told that cheese at 6d. paid hotter than butter at l/-.: The cheese production for 1901 was 113,6001b.,: and in that year Now South Wales imported" If million pounds of cheese. Surely tins great market over the Murray was open • to Victoria.: With regard to the foreign wheat market;; he was less sanguine. Looking to the future, it would be more and nioro difficult to compote with the great mar kets of the world. Canada in 15 years should bo able to supply all the wheat required by the United Kingdom/ Tbo production of Ar gentina was increasing by leaps and bounds, and there was,Egypt, with its-wonderful irri gation scheme, winch enabled it to produce wheat with absolute regularity and certainty. The Victorian wheat crop average for 10 years was very low, amounting to only 7} bushels, while the average of tho JJnited Kingdom for . tho same" period was 31 bushels. This showed that tho wheat crop of Victoria was very'thin'indeed. It was the smallest of any in tlio world—considerably less than that of a little .country like Boumania," and consider ably less tliau that of Argentina. There was always the Australian ■ home market, which would grow with "increase of population. With regard to the foreign market, lie was afraid that, competition would ho too serious. Japan would take very much more wheat in the future, hut there, too, Canadian com petition would come in. In 1901 the value of j tho wheat crop in Victoria was £1/3/7 per acre, that of oats £2/14/6, barley £4/11/2, and maize £7/13/6. Experience had : shown that j 60 bushels of niaize could be grown per acre. There were other crops; such as millet and sorghum, about which we knew nothing as j yet, but for which there were bright pro- j speots for tho future. At Traralgon a crop of 120 acres of flax gave a net profit of £8 per acre. On tho question of population, thoro was ono tiling which caused real an xiety as to the future of Victoria. Tho great growth of the United States and its immenso prosperity had arisen entirely from the influx of population..- Canada itself received over 200,000 immigrants in one year—men who would go "straight on to the laud,' and" add very much to the wealth cf the Dominion. Tho Victorian birth-rate during 40 years had declined from 40.3 to 25.7 per thousand. It was an enormous ifalliug-oif, considering the fact that emigration from Victoria exceeded immigration.: Ho was not sure whether the ■production of children camo into-tho.curricu lum of an agricultural society, but the ques tion of population had a very great deal to do with/ the future of agriculture' in Victoria. We could not expect any great permanent progress for-the state unless wo could bring about an;increase of population on the land. (Hear, hear)/" Mr. Irvine had ouo advantage over him—that of. being able to say. what he liked. Ho hoped that the convention would be productive of lasting benefit to the ngri cultural industries:; . (Loud applause): 