NOTES FROM VARIOUS SOURCES J Dr. Matthew Hay, medical ollicoi- of health for Aberdcun,. in his annual report to the corporation, directs atten tion to the growing use of methylated spivits ns an intoxicant. The ttallie I amongst .thoso who drink it is, ho is told, mainly in halfpenny and penny worths ; and as much can be got for it penny as would bo equivalent to two glasses of whisky, jgjl'ho craze for amusement, seems lo havo spread to tlio hen hou-e. At any rate, the latest recipe for making hens lay' early and often is to keep their minds pleasantly occupied and thor oughly amused. This is what free; imports have brought lis to. The British farmer is now to light tho com petition of his French and Danish rivals by imtickinf; about, in the fow! run to make his hens happy. It is generally admit: ed that brown bread is more nutritious than that made from the finer white Hour alone, and this is due to the fact tint the former' contains in due proportion that peculiar nitrogenous body to which t he name of cerealin has been assigned by chemists, and which is closely allied in its composition and action to diastase of malt. This cerealin exercises an energetic action on starch, and trans forms it into a brown adhesive mixture of dextrin and malt. Good whole-meal bread of a rather dark texture should, and in the majority of cases does, con tain tho proper proportions of fats, proteids and carbo-hydrates to consti tute an energy-supplying food of the highest value, and that is more than can be said of the finest white bread I unless to tho Hour has been added some other subst'ince, such as milk. Commandant Robert E. Peary has just announced his definite intention to renew next year his attempt to reach tHo North Pole. For eleven years he has been continuously engaged in tho work of North Polar exploration, and his first expedition to the Arctic regions dates back as far as 1SSG. On two great expeditions, in 1891-92 and 1893-95, he twice traversed the ex treme north- west corner of Greenland, and reached its northern coast, thereby establishing, to all intents and pur poses, the insularity of what is ono of the largest isolated land masses in tho world. Extreme cold, blinding snow storms, difficult conditions of travel, scarcity of food — all the usual hard ships which havo to be endured — all the usual difficulties which have to be overcome by Arctic oxplorors, Peary has experienced to an unusual degree. -From a recent statistical statement it is estimated that one-third of the Belgian people aro illiterate, being un able to read and write. An American lady who, iu company with her husband, was making the to.ur of Lako Geneva in tho steamer lost her temper when a German tourist, whose seat she had taken on tho deck, refused to bo ousted. The German had placed his overcoat on the seat, and this tho American threw over the rails into tho water. On the boat arriving at Geneva, tho Gorman had the lady arrested, and at tho police station stated that notes to tho value of 1000 marks were in a pocket-book when the coat was thrown into the water. Tho American lady paid the damages, and before leaving soundly rated the German for his want of A wild woman of tho mountains has been discovered in the Bernese Alps in most strange circumstances. A sports man from Lauenen, whilo on a deserted portion of tho Wildhorn, shot and wounded a chamois. Ho tracked the injured animal for a long distance along tho rugged cliffs, when suddenly he heard not far away strange moms, as' 'of some animal in pain. Led by tho sounds, ho found on a narrow ledge of rock the prostrato form of a woman in apparently tho last stago of starvation and exhaustion. Her bones were forcing their way through tho skin, her face was hidden by a tangled mnsa of black hair, which partially covered her naked shoulders, hor finger nails woro sharp, like the claws of animals, and her bare feet were protected by a thick sole of horny cuticlo. Her only cover ing was a scanty patchwork of sacking and odd rags. Her history is at pre sent a mystery, but it is thought possible that she has been deserted by some band of gypsies, and that she has been wandering half- demented and alone on the Alps for many months. Ono of the mauy secret societies nourishing in Sicily is Chat of tho ' 3-3 Belle Signoro,' which is much talked about just now. J t consists only of women, who cclebrato their nicotines thnco a week at midnight. Many strange tales aro told of their power, and it is believed they can euro all maladies. Tlioy bind themselves by a terrible oath to obedience and seerccy, and the ignorant peasantry believe that oath breaking is punished by being changed into a toad, fot which reason they never harm any of these animals. A philosopher described the affection of a remarried widow as a pocket teloscopo which magnifies her first husband to a giant and reduces tho second to a pigmy. But tho rulo is not without exception, and porliaps ono of tho most rumurkablu uu record ia a lady tWio hails from Uio Bavarian city of Munich. 'Out of night out of mind ' was tho maxim of this ungrate ful lady, to whom her better half bequeathed a largo sum of money ? enough to maintain her vory comfort ably for tho rest of hor days. But soon aftor tho funeral tho ficklo lady sot out for Monto Carlo, whoro sho gambled away her fortune in tho spaco of a fow weeks. But her resourceful ness displayed itself anew in a most unusual way, which is now the theme of conversation in tho Bavarian capital. Sho actually sold the family vault in the Campo Santo Cemetery, and, to gether with it, parted with the splendid tombstone erected to the memory of her ' dearly beloved husband ' for tho sum of 6000 marks, or JE30 ! A fow days ago the two coffins coutaining the mortal remains of her late husband and his first wife, who died iu 1S91, were disinterred, and removed to the common sectiou of tho churchyard, whero they wero lowered into a grave which cost £1 us. Tho inscription on , the artistic monument was removed, ' and the present burial place indicated ; by a flat slab. The proceeds of this i extraordinary sale found their way at once to Monte Carlo. Tho once wealthy lady is now a beggar, with no hope of retrieving licr fortune or position. A ring possessed by tho lady super intendents at the New York immigrant: depot, Ellis Island, has served to bind some 70,000 couples in matrimony. Thousands of girls arrivo yearly from Europo without sufficient means, and they come for tho sole reason that their ' young mon ' have written for them. These girls have the alternative offered to them — deportation or marriage on the spot. Tho men, who, as a rule, have beon waiting ou tho landing stage, aro called in, aud tho marriage per formed. Six thousand marriages are, on the average, performed iu a year on Ellis Island, aud the ring necessary for that function is always lent for the occasion by tho lady superintendent. Thero is a steadily increasing demand for alligator skin, and this fact has induced a Florida gontleman to pur chase three hundred acres of swamp land, which ho intonds to convert into a breeding place for alligators. ' A crop of potatoes on an acre of ordinary soil can be mado to produco 300 gallons of alcohol. 