ST'HE FEDERAL ELECT'ION1S. SENATOR STYLES AT-THE FEDERAL HALL. A meeting of electors was held at the Federal Hall on last night week to hear Senator Styles, who spoke in support of his candidature for the Senate. "The attendance was not very large, but it was decidedly attentive, and the Wil liamstown Senator has seldom been heard to better advantage. The chair was occupied by the Mayor, who brief ly introduced the candidate. In dealing with the doings of the first Federal Parliament, the candidate said that the franchise bill of the Barton Go 'vernment was a most democratic piece of electoral legislation. Criminals, lunatics, and the aboriginal natives of Asia, Africa and the Pacific Islands were the only people barred. He had cordially supported this bill. The Federal Public Service Act made the provision of equal pay for equal work, whether done by male or female, and a minimum rate of pay of £110 per an num. This was an excellent provision. Women obeyed the same laws and had to pay. the same taxes as men, and they should receive' equal pay for equal work. Another matter he had pledged himself to without reservation was a White Australia. In order to make 'Australia a white ..man's land three Acts were passed, viz: the Kan aka Act, Sugar Bounties' Act, and Im miniration" Restriction Act. Under the Sugar Bounties' Act the man who grew his sugar by black labor now paid £3 per toni excise. This was having the desired effect, for the black man was disappearing from the cane fields' of Queensland. The Kanaka must by. this Act disappear from' the cane fields in 1906\. The Immigration Restriction Abt 'a's aimed at the yellow races and' t.(e aboriginal races of 'Asia, and' it had had the desired effect. Someone might say to him (Mr. Styles).that the yellow 'or the black matl was his brother. That might be, but hle did not want the black ory'ellow man for a brother, and he did not think any elector would like. to have a Kanaka or a Chinaman for a brother-in-law._ (Laughter, and an .p!ause.) Th8se colored neople increas ed at' such a rate that if there was no exclusion; it would be only a generation or. two and they would do for the white race what Kruger threateried to do in South 'Africa-drive them into the sea. They.could live on a bag of rice and. the smell of an oiled rag. (Mr. C. Perry: Tax the"'dil, then. Lauehter.) He had opposed employment of'black labor on the mail-boats.' He also thought that the British mercantile marine should be manned by Britishers. He had no objection to Germans,. Frenchmen, arid other foreigners coming here and be coining citizens of the Commonwealth; but" he did object to the British 'mer cantile marine being manned by' for eigners or colored aliens. For fifteen years there had' been an increase of 42,000 in the British mercantile marine, and three-fourths of it was made up of aliens. If .this went on there would soon be no "boys of the bull-dog breed" amongat the sons of the sea. (Applause.) If a big naval war 'broke .out :between the Powers, was it likely, that.the for eigners now on British boats 'would turn the guns of our. vesselsh on those of their own country. No' they would leave our vessels and go and turn the guns of their own on'to ours. , (Hear, hear.) The Barton' Goverriment" 'had set an example which should. be ad oRted throughout the British enppir.. (Applhiuse.) He'was in' favor of prefer ential trade between the United' King dom and "Australia.- "Australia should allow the tariff to stand as at present to0 British goods, but"raise"the duties on goods of foreign countries. (Ap plause.) Mr. G. H. Reid, leader of the Opposition, said at Footseray some time ago that we' ought to be ashamed 'of-ourselves for'despite the fact that the grand old mother country bought' our butter we, would not buy her trousers. (Laughter.) Now the fact was that :a small section of middlemen bought up Australian butter, just' as :-they would but othr goods, .to make .money op it '" giand-COnsýtute-unafuri i -prorte tion. What 'about'our ekports, which had to cover a long and trying'voyage? Our butter had to travel 12,000 miles in'cool chambers as against 800 miles from Denmark without cool storage. The grand old mother country was 'giv ing the :grand. old; foreigner. a"., show: (Laughter.) The mother country admit ted the Danish butter on.the same terms as ours; and gave more forit. Mr. Reid was a finished platform orator, being a most attractive speaker;. but 'Mr.. Reid 'did. not want his 'aidiences:to think he simply drew a red herring across the trail and made them laugh (Ap r plause.) Mr. Styles referred'at length to the questions of the Federal capital ' ahd otheTranscontinental railway, which he it referred to as wild-cat schemes. The compact with regard, to a Federal cap ital miust be kept: but it need, not be given effect to until we could afford to spend a few millions 'without making a fuss-and that would be a long time yet.' (Applause.) The candidate was accorded a hearty vote' of confidence, on the motion of Messrs. J. M. Barr and Armstrong, and the meeting closed with a vote of Sthanks to the Mayor. ' 