TOPICS OFTHEWEEK. Show week in Melbourne brings to mind Cowper's saying that "God made the coun try; man made the town." Not that any one can question the interdependence of town and rural industries, but it is well to be reminded that alter all the first, the best, and tlie richest gift a community enjoys is the soil, with its perennial productiveness, its illimitable possibilities. In Victoria the most refreshing - and consoling experience people can have lies iu a visit to the Flem ington show-grounds. There is to be found a spectacle which revives hope, and goes far to banish the fears and despondency en gendered by brooding over the narrow and deadening tendencies of Australian political life. When men of discernment reflect upon the steady effort to fasten the fetters of socialism upon the Commonwealth, when tltey notice the class selfishness and the jealous erclusiveness actuating those who to a mischievous extent dictate the course of legislation, they are almost tempted to de spair of the state. It is a corrective and a stimulant to study at close quarters now and again the forces that are fighting for Australia's prosperity, and against the atrophying influence of demagogic politics If the wool and the wheat, the farm and dairy produce, and the stock, which repre sent the truest" source of our wealth,give evidence that progress is not stopped, that even the bitter discipline, of the drought years has been half forgotten already under the genial influence of brightening pros pects; the people may take heart of grace. Although shortsightedness and error may retard the development of the country, and to some extent tower the prestige of Aus tralia abroad, the producers will in the long run win the battle for us. It is almost im possible for. observers making the round of the show-grounds to believe that there can be more than ephemeral significance in that ugly drift of population from the state of which so much has been heard lately. To place against it we have evidence of enter prise and agricultural improvement in dis tricts far iptfield. The new feature of the present show, viz., district competition-the products of one locality grouped against those of others-serves.wonderfully well to focuss attention upon the advancement made. Moreover, even the cyclist who skims through country within 20 miles of the metropolis cannot fail to be struck by the immense stride* made in orcharding and the smaller industries of the homestead. For the townsman and the countryman alike this year's show has messages of good cheer. There would .be reason to welcome hear tily the moveip£Dt on foot to induce Sir Edmund Barton to reconsider his declara tion about the Federal Chief Justiceship, were it Hot for the underlying suspicion that tbe strings are being pulled to sub serve iafere8ts the Primeliinstrf himself. From, the point of riew-cf the public, Sir Edmund's eleva tion to the High Court Bench would be en tirely satisfactory. As a etatfesEaan-espe cially as the nominal head of -, & Govern ment that bas contained men of strong wills and jarring purposes- he has left much to be desired, As Commonwealth Chief Justice he woujfd be in a sphere for which training, abilities, and temperament pre cisely qualify Mm. Sir E. Barton a6 a con stitutional lawyer is at his best. The nota ble occasions during his term of office when he has evoked admiration for firmness and breadth of yiew were when difficulties of the .Bt&w-splitting; sort were raised, with the idea of clogging the stiffly-working wheels ft the new constitutional machine. Very tittle ingenuity and "pernlckitiness" suffice to cfeuse obetrucLion under such cir cumstances, but {the Prime Minister never tolerated these efforts. He brushed tljdg contcmpt, and few dolibtBench he'would pragjft||i cleat«ig1ite3i; ftnd eminently capable inter-* pteter of t^ oMiBtitutioii h^-had eo laffce a ehare in framing, So, forthe matter of tfa&tj; would Senator O'Connor. The distaste' ^^e»^ *b6teit this business, however, is ^irible^i3fiiice of intrigue surround Barton's disclaimer in tie House of any thought of accepting the appointment hlaftwlf came as a surprise to mogt people. Wfcjr it should have been made was in'erpli^teC:.fi&ve; on the assumption tfeat the Primgpjyiniater was carrying out oonditions in^pOied upon him by one or more of his colleafiuee. Sir .William Lyne hfcil up to tiiatl^^nent steadily refused to take tte vacant Ministerial craft'was badly trimmedj and practically helpless if stormy weather a roes. SimultaneottBy with Sir -E, Barton'* ?elf-denyipg asenxihoe, Sir Williajq hyne MDSmtwl' ioMmMe boat. Aud^u Jf to formation of all who oared to read, ft "Ga zette" notice was immediately published upon the ridiculous point of precedence. The new Minister of Customs,,the Common ?wealth was gravely informed, must take J rank above the new Home Minister, and above the Treasurer. Why Sir William, Lync failed to get precedence also of the Attorney-General is left to surmise. The; fresh rigging of the ropes, now going on is not unnaturally interpreted as another! manifestation of subterranean rivalries in the Ministry. There are, as Sir John For rest observed, a good many captains aboard, but one in particular who seems persis tently bent upon shouldering his way to the bridge. Popular as Sir Edmund Bar ton's translation might be, such ft change of commanders would effectually discount satisfaction, and not improbably Svreck the, vessel. I The"discussion on the question of fixing" the federal capital site is widening, and drawing comments from many quarters.j Mr. Irvine, amongst others, has taken the opportunity to emphatically assert that the 'federal pact" mtist be carried out. This is so entirely true that it is little better than a truism. What is the federal pact? t Senator Dobson, of Tasmania, in a letter to I a New South Wales resident which lias' bieen published, says a word on this ques-| tion which is worth considering. Sydney; and Melbourne were, he says, rivals for the possession of the Parliament. Melbourne j surrendered its claim on condition that thej Parliament sat in Melbourne until it meets: at the seat of government, which is to be in New South Wales, not less than 100 miles distant from Sydney. Senator Dobson pertinently asks if the hurry which is being manifested to get the Parliament away from Melbourne at whatever cost of money and convenience is not ft breach of the spirit of the compact made with Victoria. The Parliament was to sit in Melbourne until in due course the Parliament itself made provision for sitting elsewhere. If inde cent haste be shown to hurry from Mel bourne as if it were a plague-stricken city, not for the purpose of increasing the con venience of members, or because the in terests of the Commonwealth requires it, then the "federal pact" of which Mr. Ir vine speaks is as much broken as it would be by interposing improper delay when .othervcircum.8tancea were conducive to the (moral of the seat of government. Oqe cellent result of the delay and the agita lon will be that economy is likely to be town in the construction of the Parliamen tary buildings and the .Government offices. Sydney is evidently so deeply moved with envy of the blessedness of Melbourne in having the meeting of Parliament here that all members who can be influenced by that city will profess themselves ready to meet under a roof of stringy-bark sooner than allow Melbourne to have any more extended glory. Certainly, the ''federal pact" should be kept-on both sides. To fulfil the pact Parliament should act as if there were no rival cities. It should study only , the interests of theJCommonwealth in regard to the time when the capital shall be established.. ; Mr. Copeland, the Agent-General for New South Wales, is ft veteran politician swift to notice the signs of the times. On his flying visit to Sydney he has much to say of interest to Australians. A thorough going protectionist himself, he believes that there is strength in the movement in Eng land, but he adds that the bulk of the sup port given to the "preferential" policy arises from a desire to promote the "solidity" of the empire. That is to say, it proceeds from a patriotic impulse. And Mr. Copeland has grave words to utter as to how Australian action is damping that patriotic ardour. A "sudden- fondness" for Australia manifested itself as a result of the colonial services during the Boer war, but to-day a reaction is threatened. People are growing critical, about the trend of our legis lation. The incident of the "six hatters" is generally talked of in trade circles, and men contrast the Australian desire to ex dude British workmen with the eagerness of Canada to promote immigration. The effort to stop the mail Bteamers because of the coloured labour on board also arrests attention, and other incidents are men tioned as creating uneasiness at home. It is self-evident, indeed, that narrow, selfish legislation of the character in question tends not to the unity, but to the disin tegration, of the empire. It certainly must tell against the movement for preferential duties, for already the English papers that favour that policy are more sad more mak ing it plain that there can be no taxes on wheat, butter, and fruit-preferential to the colonies-unless the colonies hand somely reciprocate. The statement is cur rently and confidently made in 00 many words. And-at this juncture .the confer ence of the Australian protectionist* have cabled to Mr. CHamberiain tbeir decigion that the preferential policy mustb* carried out "without interference with local protec tion." In no more effectual way could l^e Qigh ^Cariff party ftWaiipt to crush -the THc Government seemb&ifc; upofi com-j plicatlng the objections to the ^bitfatiorij Bill, a measure already regardful with «uf-J firient doubt and hostility. Farweirs ftrel speaking strongly of its probably mischiev-j one effect in harassing and crippling Ik producer's industries. , The compulsory | feature is deariyinwugh ft weapon directed , against one side only, as the Employer*' FMerattoni realises. And the, ablepoinfc of alj, the the measure may be used for toterfer^noe in disputes which-fire strictly the bfcritteas sof tJie Btat* Cfofernments;/r'lM/;wd|edV^ timely teaming from Mr. tRvlngT.^' boll Is now being manipulated^ Deakin so as to intensify this ii true that the section of under which the bill is framed i9loo«dy waqitl dispute! .< jif l^eyond the limit* of one state. But ta import theM, words into the luesinjrc at the bidding of the labour, leader is to delibe ratelyfog theatmosphere. Clumsily aa this section of the Constitution Act nav read, its intention is clear. Only such difli cjdties us may occur in the shipping, shear ing, mining, or other industries involving more than one state are to be subject to federal legislation. It should be the aim of the Government to make this intention effective. Instead by adopting the phrase ology of the constitution the interpretation is to be made,as knotty as possible. When an industrial dispute occurs it is not difli cult in most cases to judge its . character and range. A. court should be able to say whether or not it has Interstate significance. To determine this in'the case of a quarrel' which has not yet ripened is another mat ter. That ib the perplexity likely to be occasioned by the simple word "preven tion." If the Arbitration Court and its registrar are to saddle themselves with the function of preventing industrial conflagra tions -which may arise, and which, if they do arise, may spread over the state border, they Trill be playing the role of prophets as well as peacemakers. The Bame tendency to extend the scope of the bill indefinitely iB noticeable in a further amendment, for which Mr. Deakin Btands sponsor. Besides its allotted functions the court iB to take cognisance of any dispute which its regis trar certifies to as coining within its pur view. This means that the possibly capricious opinions of an official are to be given a certain legal sanction under the act. It will be held that the court is right to intervene because its registrar has said so, and a costly appeal to the meaning of the constitution will'be needed to upset his dictum. We are a veiy tolerant people, and few have taken the trouble to dispute the an cient fallacies which Mr. Tom Mann, wiili wondrous self-assurance, has been restating up and down Victoria for an excellent salary contributed for him by our so-called down-trodden labour classes. If we are to believe Mr. Mann, they can scarcely keep body and soul together; yet they can man age to spare enough to make it quite worth the while of Mr. Tom Mann to become tearful and indignant and angry over the terrible wrongs which, according to him, fester under the free government under which we live. But at Box Hill last week an audience did bestir itself to Bhow this spouter of long-exploded follies that they were not deceived by his shallow dogmatism. They questioned him,shrewdly about the practicability of his Utopia, and soon dis covered that under the surface plea of liberty lie cherishes the'most brutally des potio^ideals. "How will you deal with the men who won't do their fair share of work?" hie was asked. "Shoot them," was the Yeply. That is a method which would soon deprive Mr. Mann of the bulk of his most loud-mouthed followers. Further, he was asked what he proposed to do with those who owned property for which they were receiving rent. "Tax them out of their property," was his ready reply. The meeting passed a resolution eulogising the magnificent freedom we enjoy under British rule, and expressing the opinion that the people of Australia "have Sufficient intel ligence to work out their own destiny with out the aid of any imported advocate." At Collingwood Mr. Mann denied that he had given the answers quoted, but the chair man of the meeting and the mover of the resolution most emphatically repeat that the newspaper accounts are correct, aud challenge Air. Mann to take an affidavit on the question. The excited advocate of social slavery evidently does not recognise his own doctrine when it is repeated to him. 'The Argus" some montbB"Eince wrung from him the admission that his system includes the complete emancipation of women from, amongBt other things, the marriage bond. We learn now that it proposes the confiscation of private pro perty and the shooting of all who do not act as the rulers pf"the social state think they should do. Political tyranny will' have said its last word when, the hopes of socialists of the Tom Mann type are realised. Nearly fifty years ago Mr. Roebuck moved for the inquiry into the conduct of the Crimean War, and Lord .John Russell resigned his leadewhipin the Bouse of Commons, and his place in the Minatry, be cause he could ioot oppose the motion. "The Times" Is, no doubt, r^ht in *ayin8 tl,a: the report of the commisi^oh on the Boer War is the most striking document since then. But that k becAUBewe have been en gaged in no other grfeatstruggle during the interval. The Mnsatibn^idied in England by this trenchant exposure Is natural, biu belated. Somesucbresult is generally ob tainable by looking at yesterday through the spectacles of to-day. Emyone has long ego lenown orguessed the feet* now brought to iight of and inertia wbich precedef' the war. It » to he hoped ' report will assistT refonn. Beyondihat, it doiisljttl^blitrevive a well understood humiliation, the ro°l. the ^kburine»4ies*fae British In 1899 conceived4tenwelves to be entering upon a expeditionary war, oriy little more during the past lialf-oentaiy." e be£ooled,so a|so:w?as Bnrit is,of course, serious ;that those paia toi?»feguMd *2®* SL&S5SS5SS; sot h«® iwiwa®' (o even make a military survey ©Four own' territory, Natal. The Boers tad irruptfed 0,Uc in the far north certainly, and with success, but complacent British opinion juiced (be idea that that must have been 11 mistake or a misunderstanding. We were 1 -4- _ 1 ilt l0ady, and the Boej'ewho cflme^along | Li hs [y qll ln^rlil>--Capable Sir George^Coll^, with his | ia.( Laing's Nek to the Ingogo plateau | s|. la< Uocrs was the memory of ^ .J?,!.' \\.:11 _ _ must, have been astonished at their own aml;i< i!y. Running through all estimates of tlie requirements for a campaign against the » iu. Ill.ll"!T"" - miscellaneous force of 1,200 men. But he wjs not recognised as capable until the war of 1899-1902 vindicated his memory. One of the points in the report of this com mission is that no. instructions were given (d (lie generals, no scheme of strategy out lined. It could not be otherwise when Go vernment and nation firstly did not be lieve war was at hand, secondly did not see cause for much exertion if it were. *" The spread of information on the subject of disease germs, and the methods of assi milating them begets doubts and fears to which former generations were altogether Strangers. Rules of health are multiplied, stul precautions against dangers formerly undreamed of authoritatively insisted upon. Even religious observances are now viewed critically on hygienic grounds. Protests have been raised in various Victorian cen tres against the manner of celcbraiing the Communion service. It is dangerous, say the objcctors, to perpetuate the old practice of administering the sacramental wine to ail communicants from the same cup. They agitate for separate vessels to be handed to each participant, an innovation which, whatever its merits, would immensely alter the aspect of the most solmen ritual of the church. It is a strange idea to amend the observance as instituted by the Founder of Christianity in conformity with the dictum of (lie modern hygienic expert, although the most conservative cleric could not well argue that the celebration would lose any of its sanctity thereby. In the "islands" duly ordained missionaries celebrate the sacra* ment, with cocoa-nut milk instead of wine as one ot the elements, and their Communion vessel.® sometimes consist of cheap crockery, a good deal chipped and cracked. It will he interesting to observe whether ecclesiastical custom or medical authority prevails in this matter. Dr. Gresswell has declared that no man of understanding would deny the pos sibility of contracting a string of gruesome diseases from the cup passed along the Com munion rail. Bishop Clarke replies that the clergy are recommended to cleanse the rim with a "purificator" or napkin, after each communicant has touched it. When qualms of this kind have influence, even as regards relipious services, what possibility canthere be of preserving many old social freedoms? The habit of passing round the "loving cup," once very popular on convivial occasions, is doomed. Many a young athlete used to specially value his hardly-won silver tank ards because at festive gatherings a ser viette could be twisted in the handle and the vessel sent the round of an admiring circle. Some fair lip might very possibly leave a kiss within the cup. As to that, however, the real kiss is a practice severely condemned as unhygienic. But it dies hard. Strictly speaking precautions should, of course, date back years before the oscula tory age. The boy and girl sweethearts should no longer cement their vows by taking alternate bites at an apple. New Zealand supplies Bomc suggestive j hints concerning judicial pensions, which ought to be considered in connection with the decision to withhold such rights from our High Court judges. ThequestioninNew Zealand seems to be on an extremely vague ami unsatisfactory footing. Mr. Seddon is understood to have a measure in hand to deiine (he conditions on which judges iliay retire, but there is no haste in bringing it foiward. It was observed recently that when the Chief Justice, in wrath over the precedence alterations, expressed his inten tion of retiring by way -of protest, he had to accompany his notification with a re- , quest that the Government would first] make arrangements for his compensation, a in,HUM- which seems to have slipped the M iuisterial memory. A very much graver~il-1 lustration of the mischievousneas of the New Zealand practice is furnished by the breakdown of Mr. Justice Connolly, a fort night ago. It is pathetic to read that this judge, who has just passed his -eighty-first birthday, was toiling away at work which would fully tax a man in the prime of life, until a sudden seizure actually overtook him in court. At that time he was half way through the criminal sittings, and .had * fairly heavy civil list to look forwawljtp.. after that. He was stricken speechlpajli hie. room, and conveyed liome in analara »«t? condition, while (he i^tfrurjiad to *4* joum the Court. Jtis about fourteeayeai* tiuce Mr. Connolly was raised to the Bench, so that he began hiajndj^^work at what is usually considered a humane retiring age. Evidently the condi^WM of wmfat." im pelled him to go on until he dropped at h» post. The hardship thUaen tailed upon the judge himself » a lesser matter than the in justice to litigant#. * Such a system must hjevi tably, in some oases at least*-lead to senility upon the Bench. The last New Zealand Chief Justice* Sir James Prender Bast, did not resign office until a good many years after hi* friend* considered he bad. *ell earned rest and retirement. Ottt of the tblest of the judges, Mr. Jusfcioe Williams, of Dunedin, haabean nearly thirty years upon the Bench, and then is «tf> indica tion that his claim to rdief is recognised. It ?pj'ears the policy of the New Zealand Go vernment to exact the lAftt ounce of eneigy flora those who fill the judicial office, Attention has been drawn to the oondi «jon of the Danes In North ScMeswig by . ". Hartmann, k gentleman who, at the Jtqiiest of the editor of the "Nineteenth ventuiy," receatijr pat4 » visit to the cottft-' try to " report onth^ Danish inhabitants by the German Govern ment. He found ti system of , persecution in'force as oppressive as that to which th<a Finns $ro subjected by the* Ruiarans and the Poles by the Russians and Germans. It begins .with the children, tfho are taught German in the schools, the elder ones be ing forbidden to speak Danish in th£ school or playground,'and punished if they doi In the courts of law the official language is German, and Danes who cannot speak that language have to make use of an inter preter. There are several Danish news papers published in North Schleswig for the purpose of fostering the language, man ners, and customs of the 160,000 Danes who live in the country. The articles have to be very carefully written if the editors are to escape punishment under the press law. Last year the editor of the "Flensburg Avis" was sentenced to nine months' im prisonment for insulting the committee for the Knivsberg Fete. For another press law offence that would not be punishable in any other country lie was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. He is now serving the sentences in...the prison.at Gluckstadt. Mi*. Jessen, the sole Danish member of the Reichstag, has spent four years in a Ger man prison for similar offences, and for more or less harmless utterances. On the other hand, the leading German newspaper in North Schleswig, which is subsidised; by the Prussian Government, is al lowed to say almost anything it likes, and does its utmost to widen the breach between Danes and Ger mans. Danes who live in North Schleswig, and who attend meetings or public fetes in Danish territory, are regarded with sus picion. On crossing the frontier their names are noted down, and when they re turn they are summoned like criminals and severely cross-examined. Danish actors are not allowed to appear at Hadersleben, and the singing of Danish songs of a stir ring nature is forbidden. The severest punishment resorted to by the Government, is expulsion, and Mr. -Hartmann mentions j several cases in which this cruel penalty has been inflicted on innocent people. Still more unjust iB the expulsion of Danish ser vants, not because they have committed any offence, but because their masters have incurred the suspicion of the Government. All this paltry persecution, which iB un worthy of a great nation like Germany, only defeats its object. Had the Germans since they annexed. Schleswig-Holstein 40 years ago treated the Danish inhabitants fairly the ill-feeling between the two races would have died out by now. The coursej ! they have adopted has had the opposite j effect, and, as Mr. Hartmann says, Danish; and German life in the towns and villages are completely separate. France has had no more loyal subjects than the Bretons,i Basques, Jlemings, Provencals, and Al satians, with whose languages she., never j interfered. Germany has failed to recon cile the Poles and Danes to her rule in con- j sequence of her policy of petty persecution; and meddlesome interference. ] 