THE LAND. AXI) what is done ayith it. Tin' Baiiway Commissioners, writes lii, Tn-uliT." decline io utilise the Slinr laml ~rlu-■!::<■ of shipping grain at North Store. (ieolong. Shipper* of potatoes ami other perish able produce '» interstate destinations are di-en—inir the subject of shutting out bv eoa-tini: mearners. Orders for sneh -nub are reeeiveil at a comparatively -!i,«ri time before the departure of tlio -nnii'.er- from Melbourne, this being ne —itatr'd by the nature of tile business. It i- felt, however, that more, liberal treatte.etit in the way of receiving cargo a ill be to the interest of the trade and tiiK mam-hip companies alike. Tlr In ninnc of Hygiene of the ITni tfr-ity at Worpat publishes i he results of saalyes mail., on ll.T of the more common coloring materials. The tests were made 'ay tin'action of pepsin and muriatic acid or.albumin in the presence of the various tie- in mm-li the same manner as ib ttoil'l t-- oily- occur in tlie human digest i':s aji;i.!rains. (If the fib dyes the fol i't i ii' l'J in r,' found to practically ar r-- 'rial diiientimt when employed to tlio aiiiiiniit of 1-lttO of 1 per cont.:— fjitraiiin. Poneiriu II.I'.. Azofuchsiit G-. Orange A.. t'oerulein S.. Phloxin R. B. X.. Joilrn-in. Chry*anilin. Magdala-Red, Azoilavin. lieii/.ojmrpiirui. and Cerise. Tii- remaining 13 uetod in a loss serious ii.ar,!i»T. h;u Hinugh ro retard digestion nry iiiuicrially. T(io>e are- Metliyl r»r»i i!. .\r:d-i:rccii. Jodiiie-grppn, acid syvyillmv. yellow T.. Xaphthol-yellow, iViiiiulin. Aurninin, Ani k«-r.neo-. Martina-yellow, and Metanfl ytlio'tV. 1i.' v.all: of a young horse, writes the "Ai:-rra!a-iau." i- largely influenced bv tn-driver. If you put a horse into the (art- of a -low, idle man. or if a voting; ms-- - driven by n slow, careless man, tli" animal wiil acquire a habit of slow K thjit i: will lie difficult to over Mtw. hi a majority of cases a slow. s»'iinsi pin makes really harder work ior-ia- horse. A moderately quick walk, *«;. at ka-i all ordinary farm work, ex iaa-i. ill. ..iiinia! less than a slow gait. Aaother pnim thai should always be Vjinidcmi i, that when a horse is allowed *'j K'-i iieo i In- habit of moving slowly L"l,< ciiiie- aged and incapacitated before *l;s natural lime: his .joints and sinews .tiff and contracted, and lie is valaaii], . n„t 0nlv to his owner for s"'-. ha: am-' lie sold at a much lower pre- it |,!nrvd tipoa the market. So far •» fWi'ln ioti, will permit, it young horse iia: i- ii-!;:- intiiied for work should 't" worki-d with an older animal that has k"!:trained to move fairly quickly, a-s he "tl! mi only la a more valuable animal, ,;'r grove ninre profitable to his owner. hi'o. uutnnunatoly. writes the Au-\rala-i;>n." 111> cheap. handy, and cf 3'-ct';a.! reitfdy fur keeping flies off cows "i xauiu* r. lett their ravages way be. reduced Uy applying to the skills of j animal- 'w ry attentate morning a' •''d-oi tin foihnvtiie mixture:—Seal or fa]) n:l ami rriah- carbolic acid in tiio pro Portion nl a tahh-puoitful of carbolic acid 1,1'i <iuan at oil. A not her preparation mat j, liiiriily recommended is a- mixture w l'ir" tar and lard in the proportion of M" pari of the former to 10 parts of the latter. It in pm on with a. cloth, and rthiiesj ilcavi, the neck. back, chest, and b'"s uhui the flies are most- trouble njiim. I'm-a -praying; mixture that may _ Acinadi- at home there is perhaps nothing ■ b1-rtor ii n-ji 0il emulsion—a mixture w coal ei| . .vjp.juds. This has to b- applied every day when the flies are t|3'l. a- it evaporates in the course of "-■vcral henr-. ,\ -ood way of applying a-pray i> to have a large sprayer station *d h<,i«Ji ;t ;t11 hnili nf poles, having a 'I'orat . arh tivat_ ylie cows can bo 'P'ickly -prayed and run through one allot iter. •" a recent tiioeting of a dairy associa Canada. Professor J. W. Robert Dominion dairy commissioner, ad- j J1-"1' the adoption of a system which has ' "'•a put into jnactiee in Denmark tlnr- i y la,, |ivi. years. In that country Iiitita is 1 ttt11 formed themselves into lit,],., mociations of 12 men each, Kach ■w-iither of ihe,e little'groups agreed to -P a weekly record of t he amount of 'l each cow consumed, and also weigh accurjp.qnantity 0f milk each ani mal gave weakly. A test was then made, and the exact- relation between t-ho two facts was ascertained. There were 50 of these associations in Denmark, and since they have been in existence they had done a valuable work of education, for, owing to their records, it Iiad boen possible to increase the flow on each 5100 pounds of milk per group a.t- the start 042 pounds in three years—to 0000 odd pounds—and the yield per cow from 194 pounds to 214 pounds. In fact, he had no hesitation in predicting that a course of five years' judicious selection and in telligent effort such as this, in Canada, would result in a gain of 20 per cent, in their general average of milk and butter. "It is not so long ago," Messrs. Carolin and Co. write, "thai the cash price for reapers and binders was £G0, and it will i he noted by reference to the "Leader's' advertising columns that the Johnston Harvester Company, for which wo are the agents, is placing a first-class ma chine on the market at £25. We cordial ly agree with the suggestion in the 'Lea der' of last week that the agricultural so cieties should undertake the buying of reapers and hinders for their members, > and thus effect a great saving by co- j operative, as compared with separate, j purchasing." A largo number of harvest hands are congregating in the town of Tatura and the surrounding Goulburn Valley dis trict awaiting the bountiful harvest shortly to statu The contractors for the Waranga Basin and outlet works are, in consequence of the.harvest, experiencing great difficulty in keeping their hands. What is probably the deepest bore in Victoria has been put down by Mr. J. Harrison on one of Mr. J. C. Manifold's Talindert farms, near Camperdown, the depth being 4.80 feet. There is now 260 feel of water iti the bore. A favorite free-trade statement is that protection does not benefit the farmer. Absolute proof that it does is furnished by the following paragraph from a Sydney free-trade journal, the "Daily Telegraph" of last Wednesday:—"Another large shipment of Argentine wheat brought here for local consumption has failed to find a profitable market. The French barque Saint Louis cleared at the Cus toms House yesterday for Falmouth, where she will proceed for orders. The shipment amounts to 41,190 bags, and of this 40,082 bags were transhipped from the four-masted barque Elginshire, which arrived here on 14th September from Buenos Ayres. Sydney, as is well known, had become a dumping ground for American wheat prior to federation, but, as the above abstract shows, even the moderate protection now existing se cures to the Australian farmer his home market. Mr. Valder. representative of New Soutli Wales in South Africa, warns in tending immigrants that there is no room for unskilled workmen. Ho says:—| "Numbers of men have told1 1110 that if they could get a free passage hack to ! Aust ralia they would take very good caro net. to come to South Africa again, but. having 110 funds, they are forced to re main here. I am glad to say that some few are finding their ivay back again. Only recently the steamer Cooeyanna sailed from Durban for Australia direct, and the agents informed 1110that- so. great was the rush for berths that they could have filled the ship three times over." Malice leaseholders are much concern ed about the unaccountable delay in the introduction of the promised bill for the amendment of the Malice Lands Act. It may be worth while for the. Forest department of Victoria to consider the advisability of planting a few thousand plants of the red cedar (Junipcrias Vir giiiiana) and also of - J. Bermudiaua, which is said to he more suitable for the purpose of making cedar pencils, but a little more tender in its growth, than the other. The pencils "made in Ger ! many" excel ail over the world, and the Messrs. Faber, of pencil renown, have re cently planted a large grove of these [trees. For making lead pencils alone .100,000 cubic Teet of red cedar wood, the produce of 121,000 trees, are annually required. Large quantities are also con sumed in the manufacture of small coope rage—buckets, tubs, churns, etc.—whil6 it has a wide range of application in naval construction and iu various mechanical arts and industries. The supply of American red cedar is becoming exhaust-1 ed, and the question of its reproduction and maintenance is, therefore, of no little importance. Both of the above-named cedars thrive in many parts of Victoria, and especially in poor lands near the The "Leader" writes:—The reports from the country are still of a very sat isfactory character, and a wheat crop for the whole of Australia of 60,000,000 to 65,000,000 bushels is regarded as practic ally assured. There is yet time, of course, for much damage to be done, but in any case a large exportable surplus is certain. Australian wheat production for 1900-1001 amounted to 48,352,025 bushels: for 1001-1002, 38,537,834 bush els; for 1902-1903, 12,307,057 bushels; and now for 1003-1904 the advance esti mate is 02,500,000 bushels. A yield of 62,500,000 bushels this year would bo 14,147,075 bushels above the best pre vious record. There is oven' prospect also of a large oat crop. In wheat, flour, oats, hay and chaff a large trade with South Africa is probable, and the Last may become a buyer of extent. Butter exports are expanding, wool is bringing advanced prices, returns from stock are satisfactory, and altogether tho outlook is most nrnmisimr. .A marked improvement in the condi tion of the Victorian wool dip is a fea ture of the present season. As illustra tive examples, the Yarima Estate, near Cressy, has finished shearing, and the clip (1-1,000 sheep), regarding quality and quantity, has been the best for several years. Dhurringhile and Stanhope in the Goulburn Valley, also have '''0111 out." and the quality of the wool is above the average. Shearing by small flock owners is general, and good clips are an ticipated. The failure of most of the fruit crops in Great Britain has been a godsend to some of the Continental countries. Italy has been sending apples, which were sold at from 2/3 to 5/- a- chip of 181b. Spanish apples realised from 8/- to 20/- per case of 841b. English apples were selling in Covent Garden from (i/- to 12/- pel' pot of 64lb. Dutch and German plums realised up to 3/6 per sieve of 241b. Valencia melons were sold at from 6/6 tot 10/6 per case of 2-1 or 36 fruits. The Canadian apple crop is reported to be ex cellent, and supplies in the English mar ket will last well into the new year, when Australian importations will com mence. Attention has been directed by the "Leader" to the fact that there is an area of about 6000 acres of laud at Mono mouth, in the Gippsland district, which could be made available for settlement, but is now lying idle. This land is in the possession of the Council of Agricul tural Education. 'The Minister of Lands should take note of this. In consequence of the danger of bush fires this season, a public meeting was held at Nhill 011 Saturday last, and a de putation subsequently waited upon all the local vendors of wax matches, urging them to enter iuto a. bond not to dispose of any but "safeties" until March, 1904. In evory case the wish of the deputation was acceded to. About the flower garden tile "Aus tralasian" writes:—Finish tho plant ing out of all kinds of bedding plants. Iresencs, alternantheras, and similar tender things may now be put out without- muclii danger of harm from frosts. Seedling annuals and also peren nials should he well thinned out before they get too large. Annuals are- gene rally grown much too thickly; finer blooms and more robust plants are pro duced when they are not crowded. If not already done, sow seeds of portulaca, mcseinbryantliemuni, canary creeper, convolvulus major, Mina lobata, and other tender annuals. Herbaceous phloxes are showing up well for bloom : the stalks of these plants aro very brittle, and should he neatly tied to slender stakes. As these plants like moisture arid pretty rich soil, a good mulching ivith decayed manure w«jild do them good. Hollyhocks should also bo staked and tied, and mulched as lyoll j cuttings of these plants pub in now in a shady place aud in sandy soil, will root and soon make strong flowering plants. If early blooms of dahlias are wanted tho tubers should be planted now, but the finest blooms of these plants are pro duced in the autumn when the intense heat of summer is past, and for late blooming December is tho best time to set out plants. The ground should be trenched and well manured. The young plant raised from a cutting is deemed the best for producing fine flowers, but where quantity is wanted the old tuber divided and planted out is all right. If the whole plant or tubers of the previous year are planted, tho crown should bo about a couple of inches beneath tho soil, and it is better to remove all shoots bub one. Slugs are very fond of dahlias, and must be watched carefully. Edgings of box, rosemary, myrtle, di osma, etc.. which need clipping, should be taken in hand at once. If delayed until hotter weather arrives, the plants are apt to get scorched. The best time for the work is in inpist or dull weather. Gaps iu borderings or edgings look un slightly, and should be filled up before the dry season commences. Indian azaleas, rhododendrons, and ca mellias which have done flowering should be, if necessary, at once cut back. For a few weeks they will require a little less water at the roots than before, bub fre quent syringings will help them to pro duce plenty of shoots. Next seasom's flowers depend largely upon the growth made now. Small plants wilL probably require repotting every year. A little weak liquid manure now and again will be beneficial, and the plants at this sea son and onward should be placed in tho bush-house. Old cineraria and calceolaria plants which have become shabby are hardly worth keeping. It is better to raise seedlings every year, but anything speci ally choice could be saved, keeping tlicm in a cool frame and dividing tbtfm a little later on. Chinese primulas are hardly worth saving, as tlrey are raised so easily from seed; they can be in creased with a little difficulty by- cut tings. According to cable advicos on October 30, business in Australian stored butter is dull, best quality fetching about 100/ por cwt-. Danish butter is unchanged. The "Australasian" Writes:—Harvest prospects would bo entirely satisfactory wore it not for the. likelihood of rust making itself prominent during the next few weeks. The growth is wonderfully luxuriant everywhere, and in most places tho crops are as high as the fences, while all that are out in car show a develop ment of head that indicates a splendid yield if nothing occurs to interfere with the grain. The moist weather is all in favor of the wheat berries filling splen didly, and where 110 rust- is present this will bo the case; but unfortunately, there is a probability of this destructive disease making its influence felt. No groat harm has heen done up to the present, but those who have had experience of rust in former years dread its recurrence, for they know that it may cause enor mous damage, and they realise their ut ter helplessness to fight against it- at this ' time of year. Were it not for the pro bability of rust interfering with the yields, it is quite possible that the most sanguine pre-harvest- estimate would be realised; but now that the scourge has made its appearance, and the weather is rather favorable for its development-, it-. seems hardly likely that over 26,000,000 bushels, which the Government statist exjiects, will be got safely into the hags. The first loads of the new scason-'s hay wore - delivered at- AVycheproof 011 the 30lh ult. The sample was exceptionally heavy, and the quality good. About-40 municipal councils in. various portions of the state have agreed to fol low the suggestion- recently made by the Minister of Public Works, that registers of unemployed should be opened during the harvesting season, for the1 conveni ence of farmers with employment to offer. During the last week th'ero liave been registered at the Government Labor Bureau the names of about 1C0 men de sirous of obtaining work as harvest hands. If labor is scarce locally, farmers and others might therefore send to the bureau for men. Meetings are being bold in the niallee centres^about'asking the Government to accept-repayment of last year's loans for seed wheat in three annual instalments of equal amount. It is urged "that owing | to the past drought difficulties many far mers have such' heavy demands, to moot I out of revenue from this year's crop that repayment in full this seasou of seed wheat, advances will leave them still in desperate circumstances and cripple them for next year's operations. 