Round Hie H arid via Can ada and New York. Bt P. V. Gabtwl Ho.' 5.-WE8XEBH ASSHJIBOU. . I woke about 6 o'elock next morning and after a wash. I stewed out on the landing of onecara&d; braked round ae.^Wo weft \- bowling along' at about 4Cf miles an* hoar, I shoidd think, over country that was' tbe': flattest! had ever seen. On every hand it stretched, mile after mibf of flit rolRnr Prairie. We were now in the sheep dis trict and would occaaionally see flboll granny near the line, or Uack, as they ctll it in America. Manr terms are' adTte different in America. Aid in case yon maj-Bver be enterteinJDg an Araeriean, let me warn you against asking hinj. to take a chair. Aak him to be eeated by aS meanB, bat shonld yon ask him to take a chair yon stand a good chance nf . ne ver seeing yoor chair again. vPerdoniag this difijfresaton, we will return to Asainiboia. I will skip very briefly over the next' few weeks.. . . ,...-- . ?- ? Frsm- touriBtV standpoint the country was moet uninteresting, and from a sheep ranching stand point I have already ex pressed my view. But IJiad e ^Jendid time knocking about the ranches there. The people are the soul of hospitality and are often well educated. It is no mi common thinp to meet ex- university men out tber& Why they ever cama,-^oodneas know«, aa the living is very rough, and asBociationa most mixed. , One of my _: friends, a rancher, had seven men on for lambing at that time and they comprised French-Canadian, Indian half-tree2s, Spaniards from Mexico, Germans, and Scotch. Scotch are there bf cooree. ;, Mf friend was one himself. It was fortunate he was a French and German scholar, as neither the Germaoelbr Ind anacouldspeiij Epglieh. The Indians spoke French. That place wai supposed to be one of theliest'in the Nirtb-west, and wsb especially men tioned to me at Calgary, yet it was SO miles from a town the size of Auburn, 6S0 from a city the size of Adelaide, and 2,000 from the nearest eea. But they are a jolly people, free and easy in their manners, and I spent many a pleasant evening telling yarns around the stove in one of their log hpasep. For riding they all use the Mexican saddle, with a laeso infariabiy colled aroan^ tbd horn in front, and also the fringed leather trousers, and wide, stiff-brimmed felt hatp. The whole get-up, in fact, is somewhat like the pictures .of the men on horseback we see on the covers of a penny dreadfol. \- But one mornimr I drove down to the siding, gat the red flag from the box, and fl&Kged; the Eastern express. The eggine dnver pulled up, and I was soon inside and on my way again. At Maple Creek, another sheep and cattle centre, I again debarked, and had a short look around the district with Mr. Stewart, the Domfeion inspector of stock and land in the Spr-west. The sheep and cattle fight was waging fiercely in this district, and rsoc'here were biHing eacb other's stock adffln'iun, r The cattle men complain thet tne robt^fasfl of thdie parts ib spoiled by eheep feeding over it, and also nay .that e&ttw;^wKl not eat when sheep havB been am land. But my own opiEion is that they are enraged with tbe sheep people for taidhir jom leases for land they have stocked in osnaBcs or law lor, in many cases, a great number of yean. Bow it will trnd I don't know, but there were hundreds of miles of country burnt during lest March and April in that district, and many say the«e 'fires are part of the fight. However, one bright Sunday morning at about 10 o'clock I boarded tfaV train bound for Winnipeg district, a distance of 660 miles. . Hour after hour we swept along over the piairie's undulating; sorface. Occationsl'y eome -little fresh water' iafce , varied the monotony. Vast acreaKes of land on either hand had been laid waste by fire, and from what I raw I should say these fires were often caused by the G.P.B. engines. . Our first section righted several. The train I was in -had two secUdnst which is the usual order of the' transcontinental trains.' In the first section is the baggage, the colonist cars, and Chinamen cars, if any. There was one loaded the day I mention. In the eecond were the' fii«t-class passengers, the sleepers Bnd dinUg cars. According to regulations these sections ^should keep a Station between, them, but out there they don't mind, and often less than 100 yards separated us. Sometimes we would feel ooi train' violently elow up ancl look out to find we were quits close to the first section which bad perhaps lost a little on an op grade. At Moose Jaw, however, this altered, as we were getting close to civiliza tion oiice more, and after that we did sot see the first section again until we got to Winnipeg. Moose Jaw is a busy little town of ,2,000 or 3,000 population, it is well built, ana' if jt were not for the great' lonely, treeiese aspect everywhere, would be a nice place. It i* the great junction for U.S.A., as here Vbe Chicago train joins the O.P.R The railway fitation ia the typical no-platform We- 1- American station, but otherwise ie j fine place, and, at present, is bubbling witb business. Hundreds of freight cars in rows in all directions. After 40 minutes here we took the track again just as dusk was closing in. Soon after we arrived at Regina, the capital of Assiniboia, but I was too sleepy to take much notice of the place which is shout tbe same size as Moosa Jaw. MANITOBA. I awoke next morning to find myself io Manitoba, and nearing Brandon, where we bad a cup of coffee. Brandon is a well built city of several thousand population, which, as the district 'is prosperous, ia rapidly increasing. From Brandon popula tion began to thicken, and soon it became tbe usual thing to pass small towns of several hundred inhabitants every few miles. Farms began to be dotted every where on either band, often within half a mile of each other. The soil looked a rich black loam, and everywhere eeeddrifls were at work putting in tbe crop. All houses were the usual verandahless, wooden frame booses, Bnd looked very comfortles to my eyes. None I eaw bad any attempt at a gardtn. Sheds were not scattered 8S ours, but were usually all compressed in one, or at the outside, two bufla'ings. But the people were nice and jolly to travel with, and my ran of 25 hours from Maple Winnipeg, capital of Manitoba, however, is the city of the North-west. Itis a splen didly built city, generally of two, though sometimes three and four stories. It has one central street bisecting it, aa King William street does Adelaide, and the other streets branch off. The population is about tbe same, as Adelaide, aUhoogh it does not coyer half the ground Adelaide does. A very large percentage of ite population » living in hotels and lodgings, some in' store- rooms, and some in tents. However, I managed to secure a good room at the Seymore Hotel. For its age Winnipeg ie marvellously developed. Some of their public buildings and chief business houses would not look out of place in any city. Already they have ' society' properly graded^ and they are very fashionable in their dress, too ! I noticed girls in qoite New Fork style, and I was forced to admire the way they carried themselves— erect, vet graceful. I discovered many of the people were American, and in fact tbe Americans seemed to be monopolising the business of the Nor-west. In tbe hotels you will find three Yankee commercial travellers to one English or Canadian, and Yankee land and estate agents are in swarms everywhere. Often I would stroll down to tbe railway depot and spend hours watching tbe interest* ing crowd there. I believe at tbe present time it is the most cosmopolitan in the world. It was really wonderful ! Russians, Swedes, Germans, Finns, Italians, Dotcb, Danish, Irish, Scotch, and . English, and every sort yon could think of. Men, women, children, and babies at breaBt, all in groups everywhere. Hundreds of them, all speaking in their various tongnes. for very few of them know a word of English, some lying in corners asleep, others seated in groups on the ground, eating off tin dishes from bags of food, they carried,. and all in their native dresses. That crowd of poor ignorant creatures, with their coarse, strange dresses, and their coarse, strange features, I shall never forget. The wonder of it is that none were rnn over, as Winnipeg is -one of the worst of a bad class of stations, and trains tesm to move aoout promiscuously in all directions, only lees concerned than the people them* etlves, Of course many of the emigrants are of a better educated and superior class from those I have described, but they are few in comparison. You meet a great many of those who have the- money to do so returning disappointed, but few have the money tojdo this. I hardly think it ie a matter of emolu ment for Canada that her immigration ia so mixed, and when one considers that these foreigners are allowed to settle in colonies, and to retain the use of^tbeir own tongues, one doubts the wisdom of it. These con tinental people have been educated to be opposed to, aud to think ill of England. Were they broken up, mixed witb English, and compelled to learn English, it might in time rub off prejadice, but under existing chcomstances I tremble to think what side they would t«ke in tbe advent of h continents! war with Eog and. Should Canada have a wheat failure during the next few years it will be terrible anyhow, witb crowds of theee.pnople taking up free land and buying ever* thing on tick. It wjjl.just mean (hat the Government '-%iil have to support thousands. Interest is generally at the rate of 12 per cent., eo you could imagine what a disaster would befall both farmers and business people should such a thing occur However, I resumed my peregrinations by on«4ay boarding the train fcr Toronto, capital of Ontario, dis tance about 1,000 miles. jTobeeontmued). 