CxENERAL. NEWS. Major-General Sir Ian Hamilton lias been appointed -iUf«-tarmaster-Goneral of the British Army, in succession to Sir C. M. Clarke. The Hidden TJ — Mining Co. Adelong, crgshe _-,-r battery -3i tons ot St. lelded oz. of gold, for of March. wnuo tne T,nuutii . tne uioral tir Consolidate; . jid Mines crushed tons of stone for a return of 469os. .?jdwt. gold. A man named Patrick Manning, working on the railway line, was iound dead near the Adelong racecourse on rhursday morning. A pea rifle was ly ing near the body, aud there was a bul let wound in the temple. The rails for the Gundagai-Tumut rail way are now laid half way to Tumut. Riverina stock now depasturing in the mountain country may be entrained via the now line by the end of next month. Most satisfactory progress is being made with the work. The Bishop of Melbourne aud arch deacon Hiudley have drawn up a report on the representations made to them re cently by deputations of unemployed, and urge upon the Lord Mayor of ivl el- bourne the paramount necessity for the unification of all the societies and move ments designed to assist the workless and tho poor. All order was made by the Chief Jus tice of Victoria on Wednesday, direct ing that there should bp paid out of tho Rstatc of the late Edward Sangal, who was murdered at Dandenong by Ti&ler;, 24s a week for the support of deceased's four children. It was stated .that the estate was worth £1800. The Infant hnrr In -r»nl M.-C S„,,U1 awaiting trial, is entitled to a lutn share of the estate. The State Premier says that the cred it of the country is unimpaired, and the present conditions arc only those ap Dlying to the whole world. The immed iate condition of the money market should occasion no alarm, as it would be found that the credit of the State was as high as ever, and that the country would come out. of its troubles with cred it and advantage t« the people. At St. Paul's Vicarage, Adelong, on j Wednesday night a large iuimher ot the parisliioiiers met and presented tfie in cumbent. the Rev. E. J. Spenoer, with a purse of sovereigns, on the occasion of his early departure for England on a six months' trip. A writ has been granted for tho se questration of the estate of Lady Gran ville Gordan, against whom a writ of attachment was issued last month for carrying off her child, aeed 4 veal's, in defiance of a decision bv Sir Francis Jeune that her former husband was the father of the child, and not her present husband. Lord Granville Gordon. An extraordinary crisis has arisen at the St. Peterourv Univer sity. owing to the action of the students in supporting the claims of women to be allowed to M.tof f«r '4.he me&cal; course, and in rc?sisting 1 he attempt of tho authorities to intro duce a new and more difficult curriculum. Their conduct bas resulted in the tem porary closing of the university. Ru&so-; Japanese friction is rrrjortc d on the Yalu river, which forms the boun dary between Corea and the Shing-king province of Manchuria, in the soutn of which Russia's Port Arthur 'concession' is situated. Russian troops have been sent to the mouth of the Yalu to pro tect the interests of a Rassian, who claims to be the holder of important: timber cutting concessions there, from Japanese rival claimants, who are al ready in possession of the ground. ino Junperor William ot UermaDj, who, in spite of the popular feeling against him among the Danes, has made a very good impression during his recent visit to Copenhagen, has left to return to Germany. In his farewell to King Christian, tile Kaiser declared that henceforth he should consider himself 'a son of the Danish House.'' The Right Rev. W ,T. Webber, who has been for some time in England and the Continent, and whose health has'suf fered a very severe breakdown, has bail ed for Australia in the R.M.S. Ophir. Tho Bishop is very weak . He is AUUject to frequent lapses into unconsciousness, and it is feared he will not survive the voyage. Tho directors of the London dock com oanies which are affected by the Port of London Bill, introduced in the House of Commons on Monday by Mr. Gerald Balfour. Presidtent of tie Board of Trade, estimate the purchase nrioo of the Thames frontage properties that will have to be required under the bill at £30,000,000. With regaru to the proposed free press messages over the Pacific cable to New Zealand. Mr. Seddon states that the details are still being discussed. It is explained that the 500 words which it is roposed to transmit free daily would not be sent direct to all the newspapers in the colony. They would be transmit ted to one centre for distribution. Since the completion of the cable not one press message from England has been trans mitted. A novel ceremony was witnessed ou the city reach of the Brisbane River on Wed nesday. when 50 lascars, forming the crew of the steamer. Umballa, landed and went through the Mahometan cere mony of celebrating: the death of Hassan aud Hosan, two descendants of the Pro phet Mahomet. Drums were beaten, aud incense burned, and the lascars danced and yelled in a frantic manner, winding up by launching oil the river a small model of a tomb containing food for Hassan and Hosan. The quantity of wheat and flour afloat for the United Kingdom is estimated at 2\. 380.000 quarters, as against 2.225,000 quarters last week and 4,215,000 quar ters a year ago. The quantity afloat for the Continent is estimated at 1,695,000 quarters, as against 1,360,000 quarters last week and 1,655,000 a year ago. Ship ments of wheat and flour from North America to Europe for the week ended 3rd inst. amounted to 174.000 quarters, against 154,000 nuarters for the previous week and 420,000 quarters for the corre sponding week last year. Last week's snipmcnts were all from the Atlantic ?coast. A telegram froim Router's agent in Canada states that a deputation from the labor organisations had asked the local Legislature to pass a bill making it unlawful to prepay or assist in immigrat ing to Canada siny person who was under contract to work at a trade. Sir William Mulock, Postmaster-General, replying on behalf of the Government, said that the nroposal was against the public interest, would interfere with the Imperial senti ment. and would check the flow of im migrants from Great Britain. It was objectionable from every standpoint. Printed Bud published by John Baloweu Rimn and Pebci James Jobsctoxe, at the 'Express' Printing Works, Warn Wagga, in tbe State ot Raw Boom In the oase of Matthew Berry, oharged at the Hay Circuit court with tho man slaughter of Wilhelm Bernhardt, the the jury was locked up all night, but failed to agree, and was discharged on Wednesday. The accused was remanded until next circuit court, or such court as the Attorney-General might appoint. The court tben adjourned. The example of the Victorian Engine drivers and Firemens' Association in de clining to withdraw from affiliation with the Trades iiall Council has been follow ed by the Daily-paid Railway Employees' vrnuu. i'UC CSIUl'llO U1 LUC l/au^rp«lti Union states that the members have not taken up this attitude without a thor ough knowledge of their position. The Government had no right to interfere with men in their hours off duty. 1'hey have been affiliated with the Trades jaall for seven years, and it never anected tho discipline of the service one bit. W hen questioned on Wednesday, the Min ister for Railways said he anticipated that the good sense of the men would prevent any bother. A terrible accident occurred on Thurs day at the North Goulburn railway quarry. A laborer named Edwards was engaged breaking down stone, at the foot of a high wall in the quarry, when he was suddenly buried under a largo quan tity of stuff, which fell from the side of the wall. It is estimated that fully 100 tons of stone fell on him. 'Hio body has not yet been recovered, though twenty men are engaged in digging him out. There is, of course, no hope of rescuing him alive. Edwards had been there two years, having come from Braidwood H# Frank Beauchamp, in Sydney on Tues day. lowered the five miles cycling re cord. His first and second miles took 1 mill. 43 2-5th sec. each, and tho third 1 miu. 39 l-5th sec. He then livened up. and did the last mile in 1 min. 3') l-5th sec., tho five miles occupying 8 mill. 21 4-5tli sec. The previous record was W. Martin's, 8 min. 57 l-5th soc. Further information is published re specting the announcement that Great Britain has requested the Congo Jf'roe State to evacuate Rahr-oJ-Gliaza 1 at Lado, the Belgians, who are occupying the district, receiving instead a smaii j grant of territory on tne Nile. The min imum distance from the Nile to which tho Belgians are to retire is 40 mile6, the exception being the enclave extending from Lado, on the left bank of the Up mcj -'h, itj -viitiiafcu. un tin* uooxneru shore of the Albert Nyanza. It is probable that two Scottish me morials of the late Sir Hector Maodon ald will bo erected — one at his grave, in Dean's Cemetery, Edinburgh, and the other at his birthplace in Boas-shire. Sir J. West Ridgeway, Governor of Cey lon. has received a letter written by the late Sir Hector Macdonald oil board the Ophir during his voyage to England to see Lord Roberts in connection with the Ceylon charges. The letter thanks Sir J. Wost Ridgeway for his uniform kind ness. Recently a special a^ieal was made to Rutherglen residents by the Corowa .Hos pital committee on account of the nu inei'Gifs typhoid cases admitwd from that locality. Strong exception was taken to this statement, the facts of which were 1 denied by the Rutherglen Borough Coun cil. At Monday night's meeting of the committee a report was submitted by the mcdical officer, showing that out of 125 ca«os of typhoid admitted since 1894, no less than 87 were from Rutherglen and the district, and out of 11 cases now under treatment eight were trom that locality. A fatal accident took place on Tuesday night on the Great Boulder (West Aus tralia. the victim beine Wm. DufReld. «U oiler in the sulphide mill. Deceased's duty was to oil and attend to the main shafting driving the amalgamating pans and look after the belts. No one saw the accident, but indications go to show that deceased by some means was caught in a running belt, whirled round, and dashed against one of the platforms. When found, the unfortunate oiler was lying in the dust covered in blood, and and with his fle.sli torn and cut. He was unconscious, and apparently sink ing fast. All that was possible was done, but soon after his admission to the hos pital he died. Deceased was 39 yfears of age, a native of Newcastle (Eng.). and so fw as is known was a single man. with no relatives in the State. A devoted and pluckv act on the part of ft wife is reported from tho CroixelloK, in the Nelson district of New Zealand (writes the Duncdin correspondent of tho uArffus'). Mr. W. J. Stewart, of York Station, was crossing the harbour in a boat, with his young daughter., to got the mails. Mrs. Stewart was watching the boat, and with the aid of glasses saw that it had capsized, and that her hus band and daughter were struggling in the water. She ran to the shore, launch ed a frail craft, and with desperate en ergy rowed a distance of three miles to the rescue. On reaching the spot she found nor husband clinging to the cap sized boat with one hand, while with fllA nf TlrtV lin Cilnnnrf Ail 4-Vl Air dnitfrlifnP wlio was unconscious. Aided by Mrs. Stewart, all got ashore. The daughter was unconscious for some hours after her long immersion in the water, but ulti mately recovered. 