\- The British military vote, which pro- vides for an army of 245,761 men, has been passed by the House of Commons. An aboriginal was charged at the Kal- goorlie Circuit Court on Mar. 19 with the murder of another aboriginal. He was found guilty, and- formal sentence of death was passed upon him. A market gàrdener was stuck un near Hindmarsh (South Australia) on Mar. 19 by . two armed and masked . men. He offered them 2s. all tho money he had with him, but this, they declined, and rode away on bicycles. The Full Court decided on Mar 19 that there was no need to move the Full Court for thc appointment of a new trus- tee tinder a will. The Full Court on March 19 held a Hoads Beard liable for damage to a cow which had fallen into a hole in a road- way. t The Full Court decided on March x9 that tinder thc new Justices Act, one ' Judge could hear appeals in the form of . cases stated by Magistrates . William Wyatt, an engineer employ- ed on the Rubicon mine. Day Dawn, was accidentally killed on March 19. An-jnquest was held at Busselton on March 19 regarding the death of a man whose body was found floating close to the beach, near Busselton, on Saturday. The verdict was that death was due to asphyxia, but that there was nothing to show how the deceased got into the water. A man named David Buick was killed by a tree falling on him at Wanneroo road on March 19. At the City Court, on Mar 19, Maurice Alexander wo3 committed for trial on a charge of breaking and entering into Matthew Goode and Co.'s" warehouse. - ^ Mr.: Whitaker Wright, who; is await- ing extradition proceedings against him in New York, is suffering from an attack .ofH6roáfehitis¿f ~ ]v - * "-: . The Canadian Grand Triink Railway Company intends to ask the Dominion Government for á subsidy of £2,TO0 for every mile of railway constructed. The. Vienna correspondent of tie "Daily Chronicle" states than an.AnglÖ : ïtaliari_ agreement has been arrived at by ; .which" <3reat Britain undertakes¿ot to '-j .occupy* any territory on the coast of Tripolk . 'I. \- - Snow storms and torrents of rain, have "Tendered.military movements; in Mace- donia impossible for a month. Th» Canadian Government propose to. increase the restrictions against-"Chinese immigration. ^ At the Kalgoorlie Circuit Court on March 19, Edward Saunders was arraign- ed on a charge of having forged A tele- gram îwith. intent to fraudulently obtain money. His Honour imposed senteáco of 12 months' imprisonmeht, idth hard . .:; labour. , / ".Pr"' .'. . The «Times" states that* the Multan.] yielding to the representations of S-r ] Nicholas O'Conor, thc British Ambassa- dor at Constantinople, has issued an Xrace which practically settles the diffi- culty regarding the Aden hinterland. The motion for the second reading of th 2 Welsh Self-Goverronent Bill was negatived in the House cf Commons last week by 146 votes.to 74. An official return has been published, which shows that ?25 aliens were inmates of English and Welsh prisons on March 2\. These figures represent, that 3 per cent, of the alien population are prison- ers. The King" of Sweden and Norway will, it is announced, henceforth appoint special Norwegian Consuls. Hither- to, all Consular appointments made by the King have been for Norway and Swe- den conjointly. The Melbourne stock .agents and but- chers regard a further advance in. the re- tail price of beef and mutton as inevit- able. The Crown Prosecutor, Mr. Barker, called upon Wm. Turner Wallis, Boul- der, to surrender his bail in the Circuit Court on March 19. He was awaiting trial on a charge of having stolen slimes from the Great Boulder Proprietary Co. The Crown Prosecutor said ne had been advised that probably the accused had left the district a fortnight ago,. His Hon- our gave a certificate for the estreatment of che bail, and ordered a fresh warrant to issue for the arrest of Wallis. *» . The sum of £5,000 has been subscribed in Queensland towards the Townsville Cyclone Relief Fund. There are 700 cases of total destitution, as the result of the cyclone, and claims aggregating £100,000 have been made on the fund. In the Circuit Court in Kalgoorlie on Mar. 20, Wm. Bannerman kennedy was acquitted on a charge of having wilfully murdered "Ginger" Sly. "Paddy," an aboriginal who was sen- tenced to death at Kalgoorlie on Thurs- day, March 19, escaped from the police at Yellowdine the same night. On a charge of having uttered a forged cheque. Geo. Price was sentenced to five years' imprisonment at Kalgoorlie on March 20. The Full Court on March 20 decided that there Avas no power given to the Goverrior-in-Council to except Asiatic small shop keepers from the benefit con- ferred by the proclamation suspending the hourg of closing in the case of small shop keepers. . Walter Watte, fifty-seven years of age. was drowned in the Murray River, near Pinjarrah oh Wednesday, March 18. Henfzche's bond, in Sydney, was de- stroyed by fire on Mar. 20, The damage has been estimated at £100,000. Tlie Cape Colony Government has ar ranged to ^afford free passages to 100 Italian families, and to guarantee the men a certain wage. The Intercolonial Conference at Bloemfontein has carried a resolution re- commending that ^British Central and British East Africa bo thrown open to the recruiting of native labour. The Conference has also recommended that Asiatic immigration be permitted, if necessary? under certain restrictions as to repatriation. Mr. Chamberlain, when in South Africa, received 150 deputations and in- terviewed SOC "representatives of ali classes and all shades of opinion. A general meeting of the Customs officers of Perth and Fremantle was held on March 20 at the Fremantle Customs House, to select a- candidate-to represent the cleri- cal division on the Public Service Act Inquiry and Appeal Board. Mr. N. E. Knight,chief clerk in the Fremantle Cus- toms Hbuiso occupied the chair. A ballot was taken, and Mr. Thomas Eim- eo, the cashier at Fremantle, was unani- mously chosen. Mr. C. T. Ritchie, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, will not. it is announced, deliver his Budget speech till after Easter» ., Mr. G. W. Smalley, the "Times" cor- respondent at New York, states that Great Britain's abrogation of the Bulwer Clayton treaty largely helped -the ratifi- cation of the Panama Canal treaty. The United States Senate, by fifty votes to sixteen, has ratified the Cuban Treaty, with a proviso precluding any further reduction in the sugar duty for a period of five, years The New Swiss tariff, ? which is avow- edly a weapon with Which to fight the German tariff, has been ratified by a referendum. Abdul Assiz, the Sultan of Morocco, has purchased an estate at Bungay, in Suffolk. ; It is expected ¡that the Prince and Princess of Wales will visit India about "October next. ' -, Mr. Lawson's statue of Burns, for the Melbournef Caledonian Society, wül shortly be shipped to Australia. , The Grand Lodge of the New Zealand Order of Oddfellows has decided- to se- cede irom the Australasian Grand Lodge of Oddfellows. . ,... t ' The landon "Spectator" chides thé . Admiralty for not allowing the colonies to make tho contributàons to naval pre- ' paratioha/which they are willing to make. \- Mr.'R. W. Perks,-M.P.; states QM* .the Liberal Party must choose between an Irish alMance and a Nonconformist al- liance. .*" ? .. '. . The French budget shows a deficit on: the last. three : years. of £25,600,000. Fresh taxation is .announced, and sundry economies are recommended.. ; Mr. Chamberlain received a princely ovation alt « the* Guildhall: on 'March 20, wjnen an address was presented to him to/rtiñ Citv Corporation. . - i . The Great Boulder Perseverance G.M. Company is beins re-constructed with a larger capital. Every British cavalry regiment is to be furnished with one "pom-pom." The cargo steamer City of Taunton collided with the passenger steamer PIvmouth in Long Island Sound, Con- necticut, U.S.A. Six cf the Ply- mouth's crew were drowued. According to the German Imperial Chancellor Count von BuloW, Germany is the most desirable ally in the world. Sir Henry Caropbell-Baonerman com- plains that while Imperial expenditure has increased 50 per cant in the last five years, no provision has been made for old age pensions. Tho liability of the servant of a Derson holding a liquor licence was discussed in the Supreme Court on Saturday. De- cision was reserved, though his Honour. Mr. Justice McMillan, was of opinion that an'English decision exonerated the servant.. . The Colonial Treasurer will issue, early next month, the prospectus for the first of two local loans which the Government I intend to float. The Kalgoorlie Racing Club's summer ; meeting was concluded on Saturday, j The club have made a substantial profit out of the fixture. Saturday's big. event- the Summer Cup-was won by Merryman. Mr. F rank Meei fi cid was assaulted by three men in Aberdeen-street on Satur- day night. Two young men came to h;s assistance, and succeeded in capturing one of the trio, whose name is Patrick Noonan. Mr. Medfield was carrying a bag containing over £100. An old man named Geo. Sinco, an in- mate of the Old Men's Depot, was fouad in an unconscious state in the bush near Crawley on Sunday morning. He was removed to the hospital where he died in the afternoon. Austrian opinion declares that the re- ference made b" King George of Sax- ony in Iiis manifesto to his people to the Archduchess Louise, the late Crown Princess of Saxony, having pre- viously fallen is cruelly unnecessary. Among those present at the King's Court on Mar. 20 were Lord and Lady Lamington, Sir Horace and Lady Tozer, Mr. Alfred Dobson, Mr. H. B. Lefroy, Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Reeves, Mr. H. A. Grainger, W. L. E. W. Gene, a labourer, was drowned ki a vat of wine at Tanunda <ÍÜS.Á.) last Saturday night. \- In the Kalgoorlie Circuit Court, on Monday, Chomatsu Yabu was sentenced to death on a charge of having murder- ed a Japanese woman, at Kanowna, in December last. The Minister for Works and Railways (Mr. C. H. Rason, M.L.A.) on Monday refused to accede to the request of a deputation from the Canning Roads Board, to remove the chairman of that body from his position. Mr. Rason added that if the meetings of the Can- ning Roads Beard were not conducted with more decorum in the future, he would probably remove the Board alto- gether. The Mulline Leaseholders' Association has decided to offer to lend the Govern- ment from £4,000 to £5.000 for theerec tion of a slimes treatment plant at Mul- line. A conviction against a kangaroo hun- ter was quashed by the Chief Justice on Monday, on a point of law. The Apaché Indians have established a reign of terror at Micareme U.S.A. They paraded the streets with revolvers, knives and knuckle-dusters. Many wo- men were assaulted, and one was fatally injured. M. Combes, the French Premier, has again threatened to denounce the Con- cordat, if the Roman Catholic bishops' political pastoral charges are contin- ued. Mr. Balfour's Government has suffer-, ed another defeat, on this occasion at a bye-election in Ireland. ; Dawson;. the billiard."player, has <ïe-> teated Stevenson for the championship of England. The members of the Germany Navy League number 238,921. A league; to be known as the White League, has been formed at Johannes- burg, to oppose the introduction of all labour except white labour. Mr. J. X. Merriman, one of the Bond leaders, in Cape Colony, declares that the remainder of his-life will be devoted to promoting the peace and prosperity-of South Africa. The newspapers describe the letter addressed by Mr. Perks, M.P.. to the "Daily Mail," iii which the writer de- clared the LiberalJParty would- have to choose "between aft Irish alliance and a Nonconformist alliance, as a bombshell in ¿he Liberal camp. General Castro has resigned office as President of Venezuela. An italian engineer daims to iiave discovered a means by* which telegraphy and telephoning may be conducted simuf banepusiy on thle same, wire; . r Serious politioai: riots are reported from Buda-Pesth.,' in Hungary. . A settletpenl was on Monday arrived ,at in the case in which John H. Tait,' a Melbourne concert manager, sued Ma- dame Melba for £200 damages, for alleg- ed "breach of contract. Abdul ^Assiz,the"Sultan of Morocco, in disbanding his irregulars last week, officially, announced that the rebellion was ended. - The Pretender, Buhamara,. however, iá Btfll free, Tesv, his strong- hold,'has not been retaken, and the re- bellious "tribes navè not been punishd. ' " The leader of Ätr. Ziegler's Arctac'tx-. peditiön fa7 preparing to -8tarfc."from Troinso. in Norway,. in June next. . He is ; arranging .tb take two ?- years', pío vj-. sions- : ? " ? . Tbe German Admiralty have decided to try torpedo-boats huilt on' the tur- bine principle. The Government of the South Ameri- can Republic of Uruguay has come to terms with the revolutionists. Peace is said to be assured. A Queenslander writes to the "Morn- ing Post" protesting against the hard- ship of paying income tax both in Queensland and in Great Britain. The estate of the late Mr. J. A. Ewen, of the firm of Sargood, Butler, Nichol, and Ewen, has been proved at £11,209. The president of the South Australian Marine Board (Mr. A. Searcy) will repre- sent South Australia at the conference of inter-State shipping representatives, to be held in Sydney, to consider the proposed Federal Navigation Bill. The Admiralty contract for the supply of coal, to be delivered at Hong Kong, for the China station, has been definitely given to Mr. Thus. Roxburgh, «of Mel- bourne, on behalf of London principals. The coal is to be supplied from the Westport collieries, in New Zealand. Tenders were opened this week by the chairman of the Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works for a loan ¡ of £1,137,000, at 4 per cent., for 22 years, to enable the Board to undertake ! necessary works. Two hundred and ?twelve"tenders we're received, for a total amount of £400,630, In the course of a speech that he de- livered in Wellington, N~.Z., Mr. W. Hall Jones, the Minister for Works, said that he thought that something should be done to assist the widows and children who are left in poor circumstances. He had, he said, made a list of the husbands who died during the past five years, and, allowing for a gift of £100 to each widow, and £5 to each child under 14 years of age. he was agreeably surprised to find that £100,000 would meet such expendi- ture. While no definite announcement has yet been made by Ministers, it is semioffi- cially-understood that the Federal Parlia- ment will be summoned to meet on the first or second Tuesday in May. Mr. Christopher Robinson, of Brisbane, haB accepted the post recently offered to him by the Prime Minister of Chief Judi- cial Officer of New Guinea, at the salary enjoyed by his predecessor (Sir Francis Winter), viz., ¿61,000 per annum. Thomas Moore, who murdered a little girl in Ramsay's Bush (N.S.W.) some time ago. will be hanged on April 14 next. The boiler-makers' dispute, in connec- tion with certain work at the Midland Junction Workshops, is to be referred to an arbitrator. Two cases of small-pox were discovered on board the s.s. Runic between Liver- pool and Capetown. The Runic was, in consequence, quarantined when she reached Port Adelaide on Tuesday. Albany Justices of the Peace have en- tered a protest against the Civil Service Commission's recommendations that the Resident Magistrate at Albany should attend to the Police Courts at Albany, Katanning, Kojonup, Wagin, Narrogin, and Williams. On March 20 a stoker on the steamer Rostock, which was On her way to Fre- mantle, jumped overboard and was drowned. A keen struggle is proceeding in Cape Colony respecting a further subvention to the Imperial navy. Volcanic disturbances are again report- ed from the islands of St. Vincent and Martinique, in the West Indies. Three Russian women who were cross- ing the frontier into Germany in search of workihave been Ehot by Russian fron- tier guards. Andrew Moore, a farmer, has been sen- tenced to be hanged for the murder of the Rev. William Bell, the Anglican rec- tor of Kilmeen, in County Cork, Ireland. The claims against the Humberts in connection with the sensational Paris frauds amount in all to £4,000,000. The "New York Herald" reports that tíie Venezuelan gunboat Restaurador has been re"-seized by a British warship for piracy. 'Serious rioting is reported from Port of Spain, in Trinidad. The mob burnt the public buildings, and were fired upon by the police. peveral persons were killed and several were wounded. As the result of a conference of the two Houses of the Victorian Parliament, a compromise has been arrived at with regard to the Reform Bill. On the arrival of the White Star liner Runic, at Port Adelaide on Mar. 24. It was found that two. cases of small-pox had broken out on the voyage between Liverpool and Capetown. At Kalgoorlie, on Tuesday, before Mr. Justice Burnside and a jury, a Japanese named Ingrao Hirii, who , was found guilty on a charge of having' unlaw- fully wounded a Japanese 'named Kino, was- sentenced td 1 ^months imprison- ment with hard labour. A keen struggle is proceeding in Cape Colony respecting a further subvention to the Inlperial Navy. . V Lord Lansdowne, Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, replying this last week to a deputation from the Scottish Mis- sionary Society, said the drafting of Ja-, hour from Central Africa^ to * the - Wit- watersrand would be limited'at present to 1,000 men, under agreement for the term pf one year. The "Standard's" correspondent at Jo- hannesburg states that the Intercolonial Customs and Railwáy Conférence at Bloemfontein has' decided upon a great reduction in the railway rates on afl ne- cessaries bf life intended for the Rand, j , The" Admiralty has arranged, for a, substantial lump auih. with the.Marconi Companv ,to fit every warship with a Marconi apparatus 'for wireless tele- graphy. . La Soufrière, the volcano on the island of St. Vincent, in the West Indies, is active. The island is intermittently in darkness. Shocks of earthquake are being ex- perienced almost everywhere throughout Southern Bavaria. Offensive demonstrations are feared at Copenhagen during the Kaiser's coming visit to the Danish Court. The official accountants report that the Humberts' creditors' claims amount to £4,000,000. Mr. Chamberlain has declined to accept a huge demonstration at the Olympia, which was proposed to bo made in his honour and in recognition of his South African - mission, by tho Unionist members of the House of Commons for all the metropolitan boroughs. Mr. Chamberlain remarked that he was unwilling to give a party as- pect to what was really a national tour. M. Götz, a young man, aged twenty five, and supposed to be a Jewish mil- lionaire, has been arrested at Naples on a charge of complicity in the murder, last year, of M. Sipiaguine. the Russian Minister of the Interior, for which crime the principal, M. Balnotscheff. was hang- ed. It is reported at Potsdam, the chief town of tlie Prussian province of Bran- denburg, and second residence town of the monarch, that King Edward and Queen Alexandra will visit the Prussian Court in the summer. The revolutionists of the Dominican Republic, on the south coast of Hayti, have captured San Domingo, the capi- tal. Mr. Steyn, the ex-President of tho Orange Free State, who is staying at Geneva, has suffered a relapse. His condition is pronounced serious. A strike has occurred among thc em- ployees of the undertakers of New York. The object of the strike is, it is stated, to prevent coffins made by non- union labour being covered with unionist-made trimming. Two hundred unemployed marched in a procession through Sydney on Tuesday. It was asserted that but for the rain that was falling the procession would have numbered several thousands. John Ross and Thomas Meeking were acquitted, in the Kalgoorlie Circuit Court on Wednesday on a charge of hav- ing broken and entered the Kookynie Hotel on February 2 last. Adverse reports haye been received with reference to the Arltunga goldfield. There was a considerable drop in the value of the shares on the Adelaide Stock Exchange on Wednesday. In the Circuit Court at Kalgoorlie on Wednesday, Stephen Scott was acquitted on a charge of having unlawfully killed John Scully, at Yarri, on December 9 last. A man, named Cameron, was found dead with a bullet-wound in his head in Adelaide on Wednesday. Cameron is sup- pose to have committed suicide. The case, in which Richard John Carl- yon was charged at Yalgoo, with hav- ing sent an* explosive bomb through the . post office to W. S. Lowns, was dismis- ?.' sed on Wednesday. Referring to the administration of -the Customs Department, in a speech he de- livered at Newmarket (V.) on Wednes- day, Mr. Kingston said that he intended to adminiter the Act publicly, and he would be no party to private settle- ments. . In Sydney, on Wednesday-, a tobaccon- - ist was fined £105, with costs,on a charge of having had in his possession a quan- tity Of cigars with intent to defraud the revenue. In connection with the wreck of the barque Inverlochy, the Marine Court of Victoria on Wednesday suspended Capt. British Consols fell on Wednesday to £90, but slightly rallied. , The Chamber of Commerce of Port of Spain, in Trinidad, has urged the Colonial Office to recall the Governor and principal officers. Major-General Sir Hector Mac- donald is "to be tried by court-martial in Ceylon for serious offences alleged ba have been committed by him in that col- ony. Earthquake shocks were experienced in the Midland counties of England on Tuesday last. The island of St. Vincent, in. the West Indies, is enveloped in a dense cloud tho result of the volcanic eruptions at La Soufrière. Sand and pebbles fell afr Georgetown and at Chateau Belair, twa of the principal towns on the island. The South African colonies Have, sign- ed a draft Customs Union Convention. .; Consular reports show that the-Sui-' tan's mission to Albania has failed to re- r concile the Albanians to the projected " reforms. The Bombay Rifles have occupied ad- vanced positions along the disputed froai" . ~ tier of the Aden hinterland. France has threatened to send bei Anameie troops into the Chinese pr« vince of Kwang-si if the rebellion-then is not speedily crushed. . The easting vote of the President oí tho Legislative; Council of Newfound- - ~ land :assured what is regarded es the las* possible renewal* of the modus Vivendi in ?respect nf the Fi- ench.ihore Question. 1 It has been arranged to attach British officers for duty io tho Japanese army. Later, it is hoped, similarly, to attach Japanese officers to the British àrmy. " _\ - J> The ice at Jam Head, on Goat Lland,. at îïiagarà Falls, hes rendered thc chan- nel on the American side of the falls al- most dry. « v L-L V-r-'v* « At -the instance of M.. XxmhM. tut French Premier, thofinziaher of Depu- ties, bv 304 voiês tp ,348.;' dëchned to \ ä '«n&orise; Pfeaéui»'* 0r£s*?- - - -s4 ; . .. ¿!.¡ Mr. Abberling, formerly Chief Detec- tive-Inspector of Scotland Yard, is strongly of opinion that tho Pole, Klow sowski, alias Chapman, who was con- demned to death last week for the mur- der of his barmaid, Miss Marsh, and two other women, is identical with "Jack the Ripper," the undiscovered murderer of a number of women in Whitechapel in 1888. The London County Council is asking for powers to borrow £18,500,000 during the next eighteen months. The Circuit Court of Dumfries, Scot- land, on the ground that betting is ille- gal, has dismissed' several cases in which telegraphists were charged with having altered the time of betting telegrams. . Great Britain has notified Greece of her intention to protest against a corner -being established in currants if the pre- sent restriction on exports is exten- ded. Mr. Chamberlain, replying to a depu- tation of publicans on Tuesday hinted that the Government' was inclined to favour an amendment of "The Drink Act" of last session. It was disposed to provide for the payment of compensation in respect of suppressed licences in cases where no misconduct was proved against the landlord. The "Times" states that Mr. Curie, the well-known French physicist, has discovered that the substance radium continuously emits heat without com- bustion or chemical change, or change in its molecular structure, also that it maintains a temperature of 2.7deg. Fahr, above the surrounding atmosphere. In Adelaide Local Court, Arthur von Tossau, a well-known poster ariist claim- ed £20 from Philip Wirth, proprietor of Wirth's Circus. The case arose out of Von Taesau being required to travel from Petersburg to Broken Hill in a goods train. Judgment was given for the de- fendant. Arrangements have been completed, by which the Adelaide University and School of Mines will jointly provide a coursa of technical study. Scholars gassing the higher examinations will re- ceive a university diploma and the Fel- lowship of tiie School of Mines, and can- didates taking the loss advanced course will be entitled on passing to the Fel- lowship of the School of Mines. The. staffs of the two institutions will work together, and there will be a great sav- in» of labour and expense. The full cottee will extend for four years. Authority has been issued to proceed with the erection of a new post office at Canning. a:id the carrying out of al- terations to the Day Dawn post office. The postal authorities have recently had a uniqüe experience of the serious- ness of the drought in New South Wales. It became necessary to obtain tenders for a mail contract -inch had formerly been let at £233 per annum for a service three limes a week. Tho lowest of the fresh tenders were £675 for a service twice a week and £850 for three times a week. Labour-saving machines for letter stamping are to be introduced in all the general post offie?s in the capitals. . Several machines have already been ob- tained. The gratuity which the War Office has authorised the Defence Department to *>ay to the Australian nurses who served in South Africa will amount to £37 10s. for each nurse. The Perth Aerated Water Company was fined £5 with costs on March 20 for producing hop beer with 5.C1 and 7.49 per cent, of proof spirit. The hop baer > was forfeited. In the Full Court on March 20 the ,p peal of A. L. Ballantyne and Co. for a motion to sot aside the judgment of the Laca! Court. Perth, dated December 5, T902, was allowed. On a charge of forging and uttering au order for £2 10s., Richard Henry Pope «ras, at the Canana! Cio'urt on March 20, sent to gaol for nine months with hard labour. Norman Grainger, a bookmaker, charg- ed with having inflicted grievous bodily barm oa Henry Hawkins, by striking lum in the eye with a pipe, was bound ov- er at the Criminal Court ou March 20 to keep the peace for 12 months. Three boys, Edward Ingram, Frsd Glaskin, and Henry Morrell, charged "with having stolen and received twelve jiairs of boots, were at the Criminal Court on March 20 sentenced to 14 days, seven days, and three months imprison- ment, respectively. At the City Police Court, on March 20. iWilliam Allan, alias Hill, was eharged with bigamy, and was, after the bearing of evidence as to his nramage with Kath- leen" Cecilia Hoyne, remanded on bail. Át: the Criminal Court on March IS Joseph Hall Buxton, who, on the pre- vious day was found guilty of having ~ «toleö a fisivthe property of the Com- missioner of Railways, was sentenced to one month inniprisonment. Frederick Langton McGregor, who treaded guilty, to having obtained £3 l<3s. Ca, worth of goods by false pretences, al Pinjarrah, was atthe Criminal Court on . March ld sent, to gaol for twelve months. A middle-aged man, named Charles Peiner, pleaded pot guilty at the Criui inM.eourt, on March 19, to » chargé of hitvmg obtained a sum of money, on De- cember 24. by means of a valueless cheque. J. He was sentenced to 6 years : penal servitude, the sentence to bc con- current with the unexpired term of a penitence iroui. whicli he had been released on ticket of leave. ¡Rotativos of pensioners ih Western Australia, who have allowed their claims to crante of land to fall into abeyance, are now endeavouring to resuscitate their claims owing to tho appreciation of land vajji's iii the Si."'ie. Thc'-Pharinwetftickl Snr'etr he'd their anneal dinner nt 4Jhfi î^tîntain Cafe on Wetíheítjfry *Aio>d:. . . ..' V ' [ ? ? . The Chief Justice on Monday in the appeal of the Fremantle Municipal Coun -cil against the decision of the Magistra- tes in the Fremantle Court, laid down that the licensee of a stage carriage, un- der the circumstances stated was not en- titled to use and run such stage carriage for tho purpose of conveying passengers on a route other than the route endorsed on the licence of such stage carriage un- der clause 17 of uart 8 of schedule 10 of the Municipalities Act. A case stated hy the Magistrats, at Pin- jarrah with reference to the right of the Crown to close private waters, was on Monday referred back owing to being badly stated. In thc case of Ernest Donovan charg- ed at the Criminal sessions with unlaw- fully wounding John Noonan tho jury disagreed and accused was remanded on bail. Fredk. Schwartz and Alf. Needham j were sentenced at the Criminal sessions j on Monday to two years imprisonment for stealing; and receiving a quantity of j dripping and chaff, the property of ! Messrs. Forrest, Emmanuel and Co. j A deputation from the Perth Chamber j of Commerce waited on the Colonial j Treasurer on Tuesday, with reference to j local tendering for Government sup- j plies. The deputation seemed fully j satisfied with Mr. Gardiner's assurance j that "no open orders would be sent j home." ! The Commission on thc Conduct of the War has examined Sir Conan Doyle and Lord Lovât. The latter advocates the establishment of a permanent corps of grouts composed mainly of Highlanders and Colonials. Mr. W. Smith. M. P.. for the Strand and Treasurer of King's College, London, hag endowed that institution with £20,000. Germany is laying; a second Trans-At- lantic cable, thc route being from Em ben via the Azores. The cost is estimat- ed at £1,000,000. Admiral Dewey and the General Naval ; Board of U.S.A. consider that the dc- , fence of America's possessions and com- j nierce requires forty-eight first- class bat- tle ships, two armoured' cruisers, four cruLsiug scouts,four large destroyers and auxiliaries for every four battleships. 1 They advise that the navy be increased yearly by four battleships and other clas- ses in proportion. ' The "Standard's" correspondent at Tientsin, states that wholesale robberies j of thc Russian Government funds have j been discovered at Port Arthur, Talien whan and in Manchuria, generally. These peculations are described as "abso- : lutely appalling." Long lists of fictitious ¡ officials have appeared as-drawing large ! salaries, which have really found 1 their way into the pockets of existing officials. Where the ' Chinese officiais would rob one dol- lar, says the "Standard," the Russians j steal thousands. j In the House of Commons on Wednes- ! day. Mr. Wyndham, the Secretary of ! State for Ireland, introduced the Irish Land Bill, included in which are provis- ions for a free grant of £12,000,000. Germany and Russia have declined to mediate iu the Aden Hinterland ques- tion and advise Turkey to settle with England direct. Several intriguing Sheiks and officials have been removed. La Souffiero has ceased its activity. 1 It is intended bv the French Govern I mont to station fifteen submarine ves- sels at Toulon. It is anticipated that the visit of the King to Portugal and the Mediterran- ean, will occupy a month. Gibraltar, and Malta will probably be visited. Henry Berry, late Town Clerk of Leed-..; ervillc. sued the Municipal Council of that suburb on Wednesday in the Perth Local Court, for £2010s. 8d., the amount of a months' salary. He had been penal- ised to the extent of £4 3s. 4d. per month for having committed a breach of the j Health Act in burying night-soil in his ! garden. The Magistrate reserved his de- ; cisión. 1 Mr. Justice Parker on Wednesday ; quashed the conviction against John ] Todd of having no visible means of sup- ' port on thc ground that the conviction disclosed no offence against the Police Act. The trustees of the Sydney Cricket Ground have given ,£1,000 in aid of the Drought Relief Fund. The gift is a por tion of their surplus funds, which amounts in all to about «£6,000. At a meeting of the Board of Gover-J nora of the Public Library, Adelaide, His Excellency the Governor formally leported a handsome gift of the late Dr. ! Morgan Thomas. He said that originally it was understood that the gift amounted to £50,003, but tàat, the executors proved the .estate at £9G>400, and .that : the board would receive £05,000. , Serious riot^ng^s^eported from Buda Pesth, the capi^^ättngary, the. oc- casion b.eingJ^|^nV¿r^tó^t^emrth day of ^çyijMj^tof^P^^|^ii^'.|| The 'Timei'í sfefes tlia^aÜ^^n^jiá.,; nations, aMf^srajc^Utf Httraat - Britain,£ ! mast ireffc&i; ?to;ipibëtf Tfjfihà'^ btirfêhtfl by ta&o;ú&k;á llJ^iiilir^&Ô^^isHâriff: by.*] one-tlnift',twhick Cotila iet'Jihe effect nf ! 1 accepting -the proposal to |te the katies on a gold basis. The Canadian Grand Truak Railway1 Company will,it-is exp'ectêdjask the Can- adian Government for a subsidy of 10, 000 dollars (£2,000). for every' mile of railway extension. The annual report of the Deaf and Dumb Institution shows that of 16 pupils in attendance at the beginning of the year, three had left, two others joining the school. The condemned Manilaman, F. Ballan- tyne, lying under sentence of death for the murder pf a'Chinanian in E3ng-i street. Perth. ha,s had the execution of' the sentence postponed by , the Executive pending some inquiries being made.. ? 