TUESDAY, JANUARY 13t.li, 1963^ Wc are at- last informed, of all that'it is necessary to know of tlio proposal to establish preferential duties in favor of Groat Britain. , Stated in brief, it is not that ivo shall lower the present duties on, British products, but that we shall in crease tliem on foreign imports. At first glance this would soem to be in favor to some extent of our established indus tries, and to compensate for the loss of revenue by the many tariff reductions made by the Fedoral Parliament in the direction of free trade. Very little re flection, however, will.show that such ad vantage is more imaginary than real. In most instauces the mother country is as severe a competitor with the Australian producer as the foreigner, and as the bulk of our imports are already from Great Britain, anything that would in crease their volume must necessarily make that .competition more severe. Sweating is as pronounced a social evil in London as in any capital city in Europe. It was recently stated before a lloyal Commission on Immigration "that Polish Jews are willing to work sixteen houro i day, aud live oil Cd. They crowd to gether like animals, and in many eases exist in indescribable filth and immoral ity. Witnesses related bow three fami lies, comprising 21 persons, occupied a ' small house of three rooms, and ten fami lies are to be found in two other houses. 'Sleeping accommodation is often ccono jmised by hanging sheets across a room and letting the compartments to various tenants. In" one case beds are occupied by bakers in the day time, and by laun dry maids at niglit." A cablegram to day from London states that in the year 1902 the arrivals of this class of jieople numbered 60.365, showing an increase of 10,000 over the number who landed in 1901\. These are "East Endors," who have monopolised the slop trade of the British metropolis, and whose cheap work is sent broadcast over the world. Statis tic? would no doubt show that in other trades and occupations there is a simi lar invasion., and that it is by such cheap labor the mother country continues to hold the chief markets abroad. Pre ferential trade-, therefore-, in favor of Great Britain means bringing this labor into closc-r competition with that of Aus tralia, where every effort is being made to protect, our workers from the local sweater. Apart, however, from tlio social aspect of the question, it may bo I xsked, on economic grounds, why should ivo giro a fiscal preference to British pro ducts when there is no disposition ou the part of the mother country to recipro cate? If she admitted our grain, but ter, and fruit, under differential duties, the case would be wholly different, but she offers no quid pro quo, and the libe rality of the scheme, therefore, would be all on our side. It is sometimes said: "But does not the mother country admit your products without duty, while you tax hers?" That is simply true, in the souse that she admits the products of all J countries without taxing them, no mat ter to what extent, other countries tax hers. We are, therefore, under no greater obligation than Germany, Ame rica, or any other country enjoying a protective policy. She treats all alike, andadherestoa free trade policy, because i - r-1— i*- iV ir, lmr advantace to do so. . Slio compels us by this policy to compete with the .American wheat grower, tlie Argentine cattle dealer, and the Danish butter maker, on even terms, yet we iiro asked to admit British pro ducts into Australia 011 terms that would give' her a great advantage over the foroiguor, and at the same time injure our own producers.' This is not business in the common acceptation of the-term: it is mere sentiment, and as such, un worthy.- the serious consideration of the people of this country.- /When Great Britain realises "that Canada is the grauary of tho Empire, and con supply enough corn to feed .the people of tho mothor country, and that Australia can furnish her with an enormous meat sup ply, and therefore that such products should be jirotected as against tiie United States, and Argentina, it will be time enough to talk about giving a preference to British imports. Until there is such reciprocity both in sentiment and action. Sir Edmund Barton need not hope to cajole Australians into consenting to a one-sided bargain. 