" 9fllO04)PEiRATION AT ROSEVALE. To, , Editor' of the Qieenslpnd Tihes. .,ii-- T3` mee~ting recently held: here _; mb-L establislrent, of a bacon factory . he. o-operptive principle is my ogy?:for trespassing, on your valu eaapace. The farmere are button d. ad persuaded to.hb"ep' eaarators sell their.cresm to privateAfirms." At th t'ome cream depots are. established th p 'vew, there isareason to believe, ciiae ptr co-operation out of exist 'e und force the fanmers ,to. revert to ld.etyle-of paying ifd. and lid. a ? dl or ,tsiOr.lF The farmers of Bose ita mnust have very 'defective memories get the treatment they re iiVed.a the ?st., and what' they ght if ?o co-eration existed. How o who re the reports of the yki :'of .co-operation appearing in o .' . umnes+ occasionally regarding the fahtoies of the northern rivers of New uth. Wales be induced to dispose of produce to the agents of - private actories s The owners, of proprietary eaeres are good men, an no one Sll, or should, blame them for exercis tng their-akillsad.business capacities in looking alter their ow'n interests. But f'yrhat is sauce for the goose is sauce for the .ander"' so the farmers must lo rotect 'tihemselves and endeavour Saofte the aibst of their hard-earned .ften scanty reward.. The princi Sof+ co-operation among Queansland re is necessary, and in nothing \- oteso" than in butter-making. Any ithat is made by the co-operative aries, if. properly managed. roust: ,directly into the pockets of the era. , They all knew from experi e that that was not the case with roprietary creameries. Co-operation, siously worked, would ensure better a for the farmers' milk and butter they had been accustomed to ze There were different opinions ex regarding co-operation, but when eryting s taken into consideration, r farmer who studies his own inter will :conclude that co-operative Smeries are necessary at the present : ime .if we wish for success in the but _ermaking business, which, if properly -,'-ried on, must lead to success. Some years ago Denmark was one of i;themost backward countries in the ' world, but under the co-operative cream e- y methods its butter now holds first place on the English markets, and its farmers are prosperous and forging ,a-head. Jrish butter was at one time in -the lead in the markets of the world, but the butter producers of Denmark with the aid of superior methods and .to r operation completely ousted Ireland from first place. The creamery movement in . reland has been going on now for a:ear ly 15 years, and the success hats been wonderful. There may have been a few instances of failure, but 99 cases out of every hundred have been crowned with success. The reason why Irish butter was in disfavour on the English market was that the farmers persisted in ad 1bering to the old system, and so not ikeeping in touch with the wants of the times. The creameries could turn out butter infinitely superior to what could be produced in Denmark, hut, all the came, the bad name Irish butter gained for itself some years iack clung to it in -certain centres of England. and ..cry I ke ' Iv.will continue to do so for some time. 'I point out these facts for the informa tion of those who. like myself, derive their living from the soil, and who re quire to make the most of what they produce. for I feel confident that we have I an uphill task in front of us if we keep x+ pare with our near aend far neighbours. The Danish people had been challenged in large sums to join in a butter competi tion with the Irish creameries, but al ways declined to do so, for they would be beaten. T hei butter factory at Booval is doing excellent service, and were it not fcr its existence the farmers of Moreton would be in the clutches of proprietary cream cries, and we know from sad experience 'what that means. If we wish to ,unc seed., and be in a position to compete eainst other countries in the English i, we must employ the best methods available, or else we will suffer like the Irish, and it will take years to pull up if ever we do. If the farmers unite and put more confidence in each other, and establish creameries in every available centre, our butter trade will flourish-for the good of the country generally, but more espeoially for the good of the agricultural industry.. This m-tterrestse n the hands of the farmers .themselved. If they adopt the creamery system they will be in a position to con trol'the English market as well as the Danes. But Denmark is not the only country we have to dread. We have to compete against Russia, Canada, Ire land, and other tountries which are' al ready in the field. We require to de velop our plans as far as butter-making is concerned, and guard against the evils of over-ripe cream and private separators. In Russia creameries are . springing up all over the country, subsidised and encouraged by the Government, which grants every facility to the producers by way of providing cold storage and every.other requisite for transit. Besides all this a great number of Danes have been im ported to instruct the Russians in the most' recent methods of butter-making. The increasing competition of those countries is a matter for our serious consideration. The only way in which we can compete successfully is by adopt ing the co-operative creamery system, and those who have already Jone so know its benefits. Proprietary cream eries endeavour to make as much money as they. can, and small blame to them. Every man has to look out for himself, and the -farmere must mind No . We know that proprietary creameries gave the farmers the least amount for then milk, and were it not for co-operation, small as it is what would the prices bie? I am inclined to think that we would revert to the penny half-penny and penny farthing a gallon business again. I can prove from experience (and I know all the ins and outs of the system) that the farmers would make from £1 10s. to £2 per year per cow more by the co operative creameries than they would in the other way. If a co-operative cream ery has failed in any district the failure was,. in my opinion, due to bad manage ment.. Cream could be sent from all parts of the Downs to Warwick and from all parts of Moreton to Booval to be dealt with, and from Wide Bay and the Burnett, for the matter of that, if the Railway Department would assist. It is to be hoped that the projected bacon factory will become an accom plished fact before many months, there by adding very materially to the in come of the farmers. " Competition is the life of trade." The secret of success is union amongst the producers. Can the farmers open their eyes and ears, and see how other countries combine to foster their own in terests ? The farmers must exercise themselves in finding out what others are doing in battling for an existence. Skill and intelligence are as necessary for a farmer as they are for a lawyer or a commercial man, and the sooner the farmer mlkes himself acquainted with the methods practised by the people of other countries-to wit New Zealand, Denmark, Canada. &~.-the better it will be for him and the State renerally. This is the more necessary just now on the eve of a Federal election. The Federal Government restricts our industries by deopriving us of a continuous stream of immigration to develop our resources and people our State. If we had 20, ,00,000 people instead of a few thou sands we should he prosperous in town and country. Let Queensland do her duty at the poll on Wednesday next. end vote only for men who will endea vour to foster our industries instead of killing them. Yours, &c.;, FARMER. December II. From eight to 12 cats are part of the eqluipment of every great ocean liner, and these same pussies duly appear on the ship's books, where their rations are accounted for. Each cat is stationed at a different part of the ship, and cer tain stewards are told off to feed them daily. There is not a little rivalry be tween difl-ernt stewards when the res pective merits es rat-catchers of liffer ent cats under their charge are being discu ed. 