[?] pgNTlON. (>$ OUR Boitlook. vention of the HEHnd P-ural Fr0" Hfwd at Cot' fcp-e r.otabie [?] Si®'- " "... K Hl, ' Efcid til- BLjg Ftct'.Fl -.o Ljinforn:a:-'-: ,-1' Bte r.Ur t' BW ;.iv. nt. H" MLvpm: Beany futa:'r 1 - w-'-F-- Bfe-alia r.= Be value ''' Btaior.s f-jr th Bpter than ilia 11 ir K»t tiia" -!f -f Bpituni Bin c.-i r Ktv-px Bk, T-.c L' jfaies HmI Auf-.-ii-' ..:-k- K. ia.i Kec. I to Bjpe.-:. . ' u, ait:: iu-'re Bp mad--- - IJ1 !»«. PP'F- g l ' yriet; uI .!)- TUr. vf B Dtpariw-ii. Bpefctuto Beia-'.: 'in; vrs t If >> '1', 7i.,l- there loss portant mierf%i&#U they would i eal was ttifert-i4iiade dnyagiriculturel products, . ffiie: export trade of VictoHa, was capable at f being very largely deve loped- The development of the export trade in butter was an Instance of what could be done. Thre had,- however, been , a large falling off : <m account of the drought, which anight have been pre vented to a great extent if proper mea- eures had been taken. The foreign but ter market was a very large One indeed, and Victoria had grfat competitors. The production of Danish . butter now ap proached a maximum, and Siberia and Argentina were also, rivals. The Sibe- -ian production had Increased very much during the past few years, but consider ing the conditions of climate, it must be possible to beat Siberia. Wtth regard to . Argentina, though it had developed very much, the resourcefulness of our own race chould enable us to win in a contest. (Hear, hear.) The frozen meat market was also ft very large one, and it was perfectly certain to increase. He did not (hink that we played as great a part in .'hat market as we should do. New Zea land made enormous strides in the frozen market, and Argentina also, and I cre was a great future for the farmers ! in Victoria. The cheese market seemed i to be neglected in Victoria. Look- : pig to the future, It would be i nvi-e .and more difficult to compete I - ' tfi the great markets of the world. ' On the question of population there was 1 one thing which caused real anxiety as to j Me future of Victoria. The great growth : :,f the United States and its Immense i prosperity had arisen entirely from the i :111s, ux of population. Canada itself re- I i ( ived over 200,000 immigrants in one year ! -men who would go straight on to the ' 1 :nd, and add very much to the wealth j ..f the Dominion. The Victorian blrth- 1 rate during 40 years had declined from 41.3 10 25.7 per thousand. It was an ! d ruinous failing off, considering- the fact ; ,'1;U emigration from Victoria exceeded ; emigration. He was not sure whether : she production of children came into 'the I . nrrieulum of an agricultural society, but i ihe question of population had a very , great deal to do with the future of agri- ; i ulnire in Victoria. We could not ex- j pcot any great' permanent progress for i (he State unless we could bring about an j i ; ii crease of population on the land. (Hear, iif.u-.) MR IRVINE'S HOPEFULNESS. Mr Irvine noted that Sir George Clarke ha i, in the course of a short speech, dealt villi a very large number of very Im- P' riant questions. On one of these ques- j tir.np, regarding the prospects of the | vM-at-growing Industry, he was not dls- ) rosed to take such a gloomy view. It ap pealed quite possible, with the rapid de- ppmitttMof TieaEt . culture and- fhe Australia vvould toe 'able to : imihpete 'even With the nore favored .couh'trles of the world. ' It must -to; ilnembfere.d'- that in those coiintries :ail -Capital that was expended in growing , wheat was hampered by the high prices Of land. Australia had the advantage o£ vastly greater areas at the disposal of its farmers than was the case In other countries. He did not speak as an expert, but while on this subject he hoped that we had entered upon a period of renewed prosperity. (Hear, hear.) Anyone reviewing the past eight years of drought must - be struck with astonish ment that the condition of affairs was not much worse. It spoke volumes for the : energy and resources of the people that ; there were still signs of prosperity. There was a serious danger, however, that i when the conditions of drought and the j scarcity of water were removed the lessons of the drought might be for gotten. His Excellency had more faith in the people of Victoria than he (Mr Irvine) had when he said that they would never forget the lessons of the drought. They would have to be reminded that their prime duty in the future was to store and conserve suffi cient water to meet any drought that might occur. (Hear, hear.) There was no country in the world — not even Egypt or India — in which, compared with the population, the facilities were greater or the advantages more mo mentous. In the North-Eastern dis- triot he was struck with the fact that the country was not only suitable for ir rigation, but almost perfectly graded for the purposes of utilising water by irrigation in the cheapest manner. He looked forward to a solution of the dif ficulty regarding the lack of growth of population, and of increasing the pros perity of the country by irrigation and closer settlement. Perhaps he should 6ay closer settlement in all things, in cluding irrigation. We wanted a much larger number of small freeholders on the land. (Hear, hear.) The spread of socialism in every country was re markable, until it had become a plank in the platform of a party whidh, though not representing a large section of the people, had exercised, more power than it was entitled to in the past. The La bor Party was now paying for the pro pagation of doctrines of absolute social ism. The great problem of the future was socialism, as against individualism, and the sooner people realised what so cialism meant llhe better it would be for them. As a general theory, it meant the nationalisation of means of produc tion. The ideal, the dream of socialists, was that we should have again a uni versal brotherhood, in which every man should work according to his capacity and receive according to his necessities, in which we should have a perfect Par- ' n .1 1 »> -«y— - , — mmm mmmm liament, and a perfect Government rul ing over an' Ideal' people, composed chiefly of civil servants. (Laughter.) He did not think that we were coming to that just yet. Thejdea of bringing about the millennium by such a means was not likely to succeed, but he men- I tioned it because it seemed that the only bulwark against the inroads of social ism was to have as large as number as 1 Pssible of small freeholders settled in I the country. (Hear, hear.) The in terests of farmers must always be op- I posed to the increase of Govern- j ment functions. (Hear, hear). With regard to the Murray waters, He had said frequently that he believed I that as far as law was concerned, there I was no law which entitled South Austra- , Ha to claim a legal right to any of the j n-ater that flowed in Victorian soil. He 1 said so now, and the saine remark would apply to New South Wales. But it did not follow that it was not our duty, if an agreement could be arrived at which would give us all the water that we wanted, and which enabled South Austra lia to get some share ,of the water that flower through her territory, to make euch an agreement, 60 long as we did not impose any bar or restriction on the 'fu- tured development of the country. (Hear hear.) it was better that the three States should make that agreement for themselves than that the Federal Parlia ment should be called upon to intervene, and that Queensland, Western Australia, and Tasmania should come in and settle these matters for us. The only care that had to be taken -was that this agreement did not injuriously affect Victoria's future rights, or the future develop ment of the irrigation of the country, There was nothing to prevent Victoria making as much storage of water as was required. There was nothing to compel Victoria to give up one drop of water if she chose to store during the wet months of the year. The average flow of the river during the five dry months was 305,000 feet per minute. In the extra ordinary season through which we had Just passed, in April last, this amount had shrunk to 66,000 cubic feet. The agreement only affected the water that was withdrawn from the natural flow for the time being. It was a subject upon' which he felt strongly, and it was not cal culated to encourage him to say that he had given up the birthright of the State. A little fair play was desirable, and if his critics had taken the trouble of asking for an explanation of their difficulties they might have been spared much misappre hension. Referring to the question of State debts, he asked: What was the use of the States endeavoring to reduce their expenditure if they found that the Com monwealth Government would have the power of spending unlimited sums of money? The States desired that, if the present amount was insufficient, the Com- ' - ''V.'Wv. ' -f-'-a-RjlV-JfeiJ ' ' —1 _ m -ff 'I, monwealth should raise the remiiiinder direct taxation This question should not i be allowed to sink into oblivion. (Hear, ' hear.) " ' 