Miscellaneous Messages. LONDON, April 1. News comes from Finland that; the magis trates there are continuing" in their refusal to enforcetbe conscription regulations promul gated by the Government of .'Russia, and the Czar has consequently" removed from office the mayors of II'towns in Finland. ✓ • General Louis Botha, the late com mandant-general-of the Boer forces, when interviewed recently at Johannesburg, hotly repudiated the suggestion tint the Boer generals were working with the Afrikander Bond. • News comes from Sofia that Dr.- Daneff (tlic Premier of Bulgaria)'bas been successful in reconstructing the Ministry. It is announced that 5,000 immigrants have passed through Montreal, Canada, on their way to the north-west territory, since'Sunday | last. j| The storing tanks -belonging to the Stand ard Oil and other tympanies at, Calcutta' hail been destroyed by fire, - The loss is estimated at 4-lakhs of rupees (about-£26,000).' •: " Tbe'Mond Gas Company.have purchased H'Phan and Ferguson^ patent locking ba pipes, with which they will lay 13 miles of service in Staffordshire. ^' ' Queen Alexandra' arrived yesterday ' at Copenhagen, on a visit to her royal relatives at.the Danish Court. The members of the Rev.' 3V; Burr's party who - emigrated from the United States into CapOvda, and settled in 60. townships in the district of, the river Sa^jpitchewan, already have transferred £-500,000 to Canadian banks. | It i3 announced by.the Admiralty thkt 60 warrant-officers-in the British • navy have been promoted to the rank of lieutenant. The War Office is inviting tenders for the supply of 100,000 lbs; of compressed corned, mutton in 2-lb. tins, and 100,000 lbs. in 1-lb. tins. Tenders have been made returnable on July 29,Mu order to enable ?firnis "in British dependencies to compete.-,.' ■ ."•'I'v, LONDON; April 2i News 'from "New York reports that the Mississippi'Hirer is flooded, ;, and that the plantations on its banks hare .been damaged to .the extent of £5,000,000. During the inflation of a balloon -yesterday at Buda Pesth, the 'capital of Hungary, the balloon broke away, carrying off three aero nauts, who shortly afterwards fell-, to* the ground, two being killed and ou'e seriously injured. • ^ The London "Daily Express" announces, that King Edward^ has entered a horse for; the £10,000 stake to be ran for in connection, with, the World's Fair to beheld at St Louis,: U.S.A;, in May, 1904. ■ Orders have been placed in England for 110,000 tons of Northumberland steam coal for the Bnssian navy. " LONDON, April 3. \ . Two artillery officers named Vissibeff and ; Gregorieff have been sentenced toimprisonment I at Sr. Petersburg for a revolutionary offence. I Other officers have been-' arrested at Kfoff in connection with the same affair. News comes from Ottawa that the^Canadian House of Commons yesterday carried a resolution prohibiting the manufacture, sale, and importation of cigarettes. The Triennial Osiris prize- of 100,000 francs (£4,000) has' been awarded "to Dr. Roux, of the Pasteur Institute, for the dis covery of a diphtheritic serum. There is -considerable excitement in New j York in consequence of legislation passed by ' the State increasing the cost of hotel licenses < to £240 a year. It is believed that this is! designed to proflt the rest of the State at the' expenae'of New York city. | The Blackburn. City Council has commis- j j aioned Mr. Bertram Hackcnnel, the Victorian 1 ! eculptor, to execute;a memorial, statue of the | late Queen Victoria. i Some rioting has occurred in Salamanca, in Spain. The students of the university stoned the gendarmes, and the latter ffred several volleys in reply, bailing three of the rioters. LONDON, April 4. The Admiralty Court has awarded to the | steamer Michigan £4,125 for towing the dis [ abled steamer Wnikato - to' Capetown. Of j that sum the captain of the Michigan will receive £450, and the crew £925. LONDON, April 5. A French vessel, believed to be the Bambara, | bound from Marseilles to Senegal. West1 Africa, with a cargo of explosives and a crew of So'men, together with six passengers, has foundered to the east of Cette, south of France, in consequence of an explosion. The estate of the late Edna Lyali, the well known novelist, has been proved for £25,956. There are 14 cases of smallpox in the workhouse at Croydon, a suburb to the south of London. It Is announced that 200,000 settlers are expected to immigrate into Upper Canada during the ensuing summer months. . ; • , LONDON, April 6. The 3 per cent loan' of £5,000,000, issued by the London County Council at £95'10sr has been covered twice over. The " Times" announces that the Right Hon. C. T. Ritchie Chancellor of the Ex chequer, will include in the vote for the Board ox Trade a grant of £3.000 in aid of the funds of the committee appointed to deal with the question of engineering standards. , The Government of Italy are arranging with Signor Marconi for the establishment of 12 wireless telegraph stations on the coasts of Italy for commercial and strategic purposes. News has been received from Paris to the effect that 16,000 members of the teaching orders in France and 3,000 preaching "monk* have refused to app'.y for authorisation under the associations law. News has been received that the garrison at Puerto Cortez, in the Republic of Honduras, Central America, numberiug 200 men, mutinied and murdered seven of their officers. Shocks of earthquake have. been reported at, Andijun, in *Russian" Turkestan (where the recent earthquakes caused an enormous loss of life), and also in the Ural Mountains, ana at Mentone and Catania. .News has been received that Buckhorst, a notorious looter in the north-west of Cape Colony, has been captured at Kennardt, after evading arrest for several rears, v • LONDON! Anril 7. News from Brussels states that King Leo pold, of Belgium is resisting the proposed evacuation by Belgians of the Laao enclave in Lower Soudan, which Great Britain desires in order to secure for Egypt the control of the waterway of the Nile. . It is announced that three valuable pictures at. Windsor Castle have been 'slashed across deliberately, and some of the house servants are suspected. It U reported that three dynamite bombs yesterday were exploded at the Viiia Dijan Church, where considerable damage was done. George Chapman, alias> Klosowski and seven other Polish names.; who was convicted of the murder by poison of-Maud Marsh, bar maid, Bessie Taylor, and * Mrs. Spink, and sentenced to ceath on March 19, was executed this morning. ' - " So £ar. lire, companies;'for working, the Arltunga'goldfirids. in South Australia,* have been registered, with a gross capital.-oi £S,500,000. ' • : The quantity of wheat iiffoat for thejfnited Kingdom is.' 238,000 bushels, and for the continents,69,5,000 .bushels.- The AtUntlo shipments.&mouht; to 1,740.000 bushels. The university at Sr. Petersburg has been closed- in - consequence of the action of tbo students in supporting the women* medical students whowereresisting'the he wand more difficultcurriculum. _ _ The "Daily Express " has been ordered to par ilrC Richard Ganthony £200 for^uegeit ing that Mr. Charles Hawtrey, the well known comedian, rewrote the'play." A" Message from Mare."-.-.. 7 " - ' • • News comes from St. Petersburg that Colonel SobrikoS has been invested with the Dictatorship of the Russian province of Fin* land. , - \--In connection with the recent divorce case Gordon r. Gordon,-a writ for the sequestra* tion of Lady Granville Gordon's estate has been granted. Lieutenant-general Ian Hamilton has beon appointed quartermaster-general of. ' the British army. j The scheme for the immigrattbnyof i' number of labourers from, Italy to. Capp Colony bus collapsed, the Italians having demanded increased terms. ' . 