The Creamery Boiler. The length of time a boiler will last depends a great deal on the water that is used in it to make steam with — how much lime or mud is in the water. Some writers say that the boiler should be blown out everv week and cleaned mi and the lime scraped off the fines inside of the boiler. If very hard water is need all the time, that may be necessary, bnt if rainwater is used — and every cream ery ought to have a cistern and catch all the rainwater that is possible — it docs not need cleaning more than four or five times a year, as there will he no limp scales form on the inside of the boiler, and every time yon blow off and fill up with cold water it takes as much fuel as it does to do a day's churning. If you have a cistern, you should run all the drip from tho refrigerator into it in the summer, and if you use much ice the water from the ice will almost run the boiler in the winter. If your cream ery is heated by steam, you can empty the return pipe into the cistern when necessary and so save all the soft water. A short time ago, after I had done tho churning and was about through with my day's work I heard some pipe burst In the boiler room and the water blow ing out of the furnace. Upon examina tion I found that the feed pipe had burned out. The pipe had been in the same place for six years and had done well to last that long. It was put in the back end of the boiler, and every time the fines were cleaned out the soot fell on it, and when the fire was started the soot was burned off and took a thin scale off tho pipe every time. The feed pipe to a boiler should never be put in the back end, as yon have to take down part of the brickwork to get at it, but always at the front end through the hood that forms the lower part of the smokestack, where the pipe can be seen every time yon open the door to clean ont the flues.— G. B. Lawson in Creamery and Dairy. Danish but ter is packed and shipped In small barrels of two sizes, which hold respectively CB'and 112 pounds. These cackages are easilv handled. At a meeting of the Rutherglen Shire Council, the president stroDgly supported the action of the North OvecB Council on the compulsory land question, and amotion was passed to render all assistancspoEsible in opposing the proposal of the Govern ment. An old resident of the Rutherglen dis trict in Mrs. Milthorpe died dating the week at the age of 64 years. The deceased lady, with her husband, sattled down at Brown's Plains in the sixties. Her hus band predeceased her. Mr. Townsend Macdermott, father of the Victorian bar, has received an invita tion from the private secretary to bis Excellency the Governor-General and Lady Tennyson to attend a garden party being given by their Excellencies at Go vernment House on 16th instant. The veteran with a sigh of regret and a remin iscent thought of his halcyon youth, re marked : "I would like to meet Lord Tennyson, but I'm afraid I oannot accept. You know I've long passed my larrikin days." Ab Newcastle on Saturday night the polioe stopped a boxing contest between Whitelaw and Martin. -As- the latter ap peared to be altogether .at his. opponent's mercy, the sub-inspector stepped in, and ended the fight, which was awarded to . Whitelaw. The rush of immigration to Canada still continues. During the first nine months of the year 43,187 immigrants arrived from Great Britain ; 23,498 from the Con tinent of Europe ; and 32,329 from tho United States j ft total of 108,314. 