NEWS AND NOTES. Look out for an oil boom in South Australia. New Zealand used to have nine govern ments before the Federation in 1875. For years Labor members have urged the Government to protect the fisheries. The leading article on the German elec tions in Wednesday's *'' Advertiser'' is worth reading. Cardinal Yaughan has gone to his long rest. He was looked upon as a likely successor to the Papal chair. Poor Rowley Rees fell out of bis hotel window this week and broke his leg. He was sent to the Adelaide Hospital. What's the use of trying to raise the dead, as a Yankee doctor is doing, till we learn how to support all the living. Newcastle (England) municipal tram ways committee have handed over £10,000 of their profits to the relief of the rates. " Mr. Rockefeller's stomach may be out of order," says an American writer, " but it doesn't affect his appetite for money." The closing down of the Broken Hill mines for want of water is one of the greatest disasters that has happened in Australia. Received the Annual Report of the School of Mines, covering 260 pages, which space prevents us dealing with in this issue. Forty-two Japs engaged by the Cana dian Pacific Railway Company to replace strikers came out again. The Jap is coming along. Another strike of the American anthra cite coalminers has been averted by the coalowners recognising the union and its representatives. Slowly but surly the "Herald" Election Fund is mounting up. Up to date country supporters have been the most liberal subscribers. The South Australian postal and tele graph service, which used to yield a hand some profit shows a shortage for the past eleven months of £15,220. Labor had another victory at Broken Hill last Saturday, when Mr. Retallick was returned as alderman, beating his opponent by over two to one. Millionaire Carnegie told Agent-General Grainger that there would be no tender from America for the Northern Territory land steal of 80,000,000 acres. The corporation by-laws committee has drafted by-laws dealing with the weighing of firewood on private weighbridges, and they are in the hands of the city solicitors. The news that smallpox had broken out in Tasmania was suppressed by the doctor. It appeared in May, and has been made public now that there have been two deaths. Judge Boucaut's decision shows, if he is right, that the Dental Act does not say what it means. That's a pretty common frailty with our Acts of Parliament. The Gaming Act is another case in point. If ever Canada is menaced by war she declares the fault will be Great Britain's and not hers. The same may be said of Australia. Why, then, should we pay a naval subsidy of £200,000 per annum ? That great old incubus, the South Aus tralian Company, has paid a dividend of £2 6s. It would be a fine thing for this State were it the last this absentee cor morant was permitted to draw out of the country. A sign of the times. Ex-bankers, military men, auctioneers, clerks, drapers, solicitors and tradesmen applied for a wardsman^ billet in Castlemaine Benevo lent Asylum at £3 a month with board and lodging. New South Wales will soon beat some of the crack American divorce States. In less than a week Judge Simpson un hitched 31 couples, while judgment was suspended or an adjournment made in four other cases. Justice a'Beckett, of Victoria, annulled the marriage of a man with his niece. The foolery of the law is apparent when marriage with her mother would have been valid. That Deceased Wife's Sister Act badly wants revision. Councillor Sellar considers, however deserving of an increase the Town Clerk may be, the pick and shovel men were much more in need of a rise. He had but one supporter, Councillor Myers, to his motion opposing an addition of £50 to the Town Clerk's salary. The many friends of that staunch friend of his fellow railway employees, Mr. W. H. Wood, of Petersburg, will be grieved to learn that he is lying seriously ill with an attack of typhoid fever. A petition is being circulated through-* out the Commonwealth for signatures, praying for the passage of a Federal Conciliation and Arbitration Bill, so that the States may be protected against the evils of strikes and lockouts. A sturdy Laborite, J. Barnes, is out as a candidate for North Kensington Ward of the Burnside District Council. When the figures go up on Monday, July 6, he should be top by a long lead, for he will make a first-class councillor. The death of Mr. E. W. Hayward, managing director of the big business house of John Martin & Co., will be regretted by many thousands, for he was very popular. The late Mr. Hayward took no part in public affairs. In forwarding 2s. 6d. to the Election Fund a country subscriber writes:— " Would to God the workers would look ahead and endeavor to keep what con cessions they have gained. Victorian affairs should be a lesson to all." Mr. R. E. Mitton wants legal subtleties and legal regulations brought into har mony with the canons of common sense, and the law itself with the canons of common justice. That's a very large orcter. Show us the men who will do it. All sorts of tests and examinations had to be undergone before a man would be employed on the Victorian railways. Now all the drunks and incapables who were sacked are in again, and may send a score or two passengers to eternal perdition any day. A Special Commission appointed by the French Chamber of Deputies has recom mended the separation of the Roman Catholic Church from the State. Ructions are expected, but the Premier, M. Combes, believes he will succeed with the sepa ration. Danish members of Parliament are en titled to a free Turkish bath in any part of the kingdom. What South Australian legislators want is a bath that will cleanse them of their political sins. The process would ruin any bathkeeper who is not a millionaire. During the ten years prior to the advent of the Labor Party the public debt in creased by £9,000,000. Under the check of the Party for the next ten years it rose £7,000,000. With a stronger Labor Party it.would not have been half the latter amount. Last year 45,468 immigrants, of whom 35,330 were British, were admitted to the Commonwealth without having to pass the education test. The rejections amounted to 653, of whom 499 were Chinese. Thirty colored immigrants passed the test. "Thank God, we in Australia know little of the farthing, and I hope the day is far distant when we will know more." —Representative G. B. Edwards. But wages have not risen, although the poor only receive a farthing's worth of meat for their halfpenny nowadays. It is a curious thing that when a man goes mad through being employed by a contractor at 14s. a week he generally begins by killing his wife and children to put them out of misery, instead of killing the contractor to put him out of his meanness.—' * Bulletin." One section of Melbourne unemployed is cracking stones for the Government and another lot begged the governor of the gaol to lock them up, so that they might have the wholesome food and com fortable quarters of the prisoners. Oh, yes, it is a Christian country. Senator Wellington, of Maryland, desires to amend the constitution of the U.S.A., to prohibit the holding of fortunes exceeding 10,000,000 dol. by any one individual, the excess to be condemned as a public nuisance, public folly, and public peril, and forfeited into the States Treasury. The " Register" speaks most respect fully and sympafchisingly of the passive resistance of Nonconformists to the Edu cation Act. It says, "Everyone admits that occasions have sometimes arisen in the history of nations, when resistance to established authority has been a positive virtue."' That was not the " Register's " attitude towards Irvine's infamous Coercion Bill. We have received two copies of the great Berlin Socialist daily, " Vorwarts." They foreshadow the successes cabled at the elections. Money poured into the election fund, large donations being re ceived from the wealthy classes. Accounts are given of enthusiastic election meetings, and the self-sacrifice of the workers in support of the Socialist cause has been phenomenal. The names of the Maoris admitted into New South Wales lately about which there was some talk of exclusion under the Immigration Restriction Act are given in a Parliamentary paper as Thomas Watts, Thomas Isaacs, George TsaAfts. Great Moses ! Jew Maoris ? Dr. Bickle has received a letter from Johannesburg in which the writer states that eggs are 10s. a dozen, and not fresh at that, while £40 to £50 rent per month is charged for small six-roomed cottages. "The doctor's correspondent had to pay £30 a month at a hotel, and was nearly starved on bad tinned food. Johannes burg seems to be a nice place for working men to keep away from. The "Register" keeps on quoting the " Argus" romancer, " Ithuriel," and re peats the lie that Page's speech was an admission that only the Labor Party and its sympathisers are anxious to put the country to the expense of a high court. That is printed in face of the division showing that a number of Labor members voted against the second reading of the Bill. '* Falsehood exposed." The lowest legal wage paid to women in the Sydney clothing trade is £1 a week. Last year the factory inspector's report stated that, at the prices paid in the clothing trade, the average worker barely earned a living wage. This year, with Thomas Brown & Sons' new reduced price list, the lowest wage will reach the margin of destitution. The future presses for legislation to deal with sweaters. The foxes trapped, the hen-roosts will be safe. —Q. " Worker." What a farce it is for the press to try and make the public believe Russia is anxious for the punishment of the Ser vian assassins. King Peter knows better than to flout his Parliament by lifting his little finger and has said so. He has more respect for his own head than to touch the men whom the Servians look upon as patriots who have rid the country of a tyrant. Still he should have been re moved without horrible bloodshed. When. one considered the power and influence which the ability to constantly reiterate a lie or a truth day after day and week after week gave to the press, and remembered that the daily press through* out the world had been bitterly hostile towards the Labor in politics movement, it was a splendid tribute to the justice, truth, and virility of that movement that it had grown and thriven steadily right from the start, and was now a recognised political factor in many Parliaments.—J. C. Watson. Dr. Ramsay Smith, the City Coroner, has been discoursing on suicide. He says in many instances the power of imagina tion and the influence of a delusion were largely responsible for such an unhappy ending. Some people imagined that all sorts of evil things were going to happen, they became moody, all healthy thoughts disappeared, depression made itself mani fest, the mental despondency was fraught with serious risk to mind and body, and in some cases self-destruction ensued. 