FPDERAL E LECTIONS.. MR. D. DUNNE.. At the Victoria Hall last night, Mr D. Dunne; a candidate for the Corangamite Division, addressed the electors, Mr W. Selwood occupying the chair. . Mr Dunne opened by.. referring to the fact, that the women now had a vote, and ihe beliei'ed they would- be able to exercise the privilege just as intelligently as men. He came before them with a Liberal platform, and if they foulid his policy sound, he trusted that he would be returned to the position which he was seeking after. What they wanted wvas a man who would say exactly what he meant, who. would present views in a .clear ?manner ab6ut Which there could be no mistake. He believed that the electors of Corangamite required such a man, who would stick. to his ideas. . He was a supporter of thlie DeakiiinGo i vernnient. -'At present people did not appear, to take much.:-interest , in Fede6ral matters,. but. the tinme would come when' .Commonwealth :tmatters would occupy the leading positiol. t So .far the administration *0of - the Federal;-ddliartmenits ..adI been satis factory, notwitlistandi'ng ?'tha there were many opinions. to the contrary. One of the things the Federal Parlia Smient had accomplished' was " iiitcr colonil free trade, but i one- of the i most important was the granting of l female suffrage. The "'hite" Aus tralia policy was much talked of.. The public must realise the danger of s colored immigration. One of the can didates had raised no objection to the introdtiction of the colored races, but I would not allow them to become free holders. That was an absurdity. The I question struck hlome at the root of -national life, and the" object must be to give to the people good homes t and a healthy condition under which to labor. Colored comptcl.ition would prevent that. Mr Deakin said, "If we arm ourselves against armed aggres sion, we must protect ourselves against unfair commercial aggres sion." He felt sure the electors must favor non-interference with 'the tariff for the present at any rate. If an alteration was desirable, it should not be done until Mr Chamberlain's pre ferential trade proposals assumed I sonim definite . shape, for then the t Commonwealth tariff wouldl have to be revised in some respects. Under preferential trade, Australia would receive many benefits, for it meant \- the opening up of commerce with Great Britalin and all parts of the Empire; it would give the people a great advan 3 lage over the foreigniiers. The policy s shouil be Australia first, (Great s Britain next, and let the foreigner c look after himself. IT Great Britain put a penny a pound oil Danish butter, 3 Australia would practically be able to command the home market. In i regard to the method of giving prefer ence to Great Britain, Mr Deakin had put the matter very clearly. He (the speaker) favored the idea of British articles being given preference in the sense of reducing the duties anti rais ing themnl against the foreigtner. Eng land would expect tlhenit to make some kind of preference. He favored the Slates' debts being taken over by thei Colnlnolwecalth, and also considlered that the same should be done with the railways. The position then could not be any worse, [or at present the railway management could not pos sibly be any worse. I-Ie was entirely, against the separate representation legislation of the State Parliament. As regards the Federal capital, the States under the - Constitution had entered into a certain compact, and it shoult be carried out. The state ment that the erection of the capital would cost an enormous amount was not correct, for the Federal Parlia iment did not intend to build anything elaborate. He favored compulsory conciliation and arbitration. The ob jecct of that measure was to prevent strife, and the public would reap the adva"ntage by Ihaving industrial peace. Whilst supporting tihe general prin ciples of the measure, he was pre pared to exempt the farming indus tries, though believing that it should apply to butter factories. He then spoke at length on the way in which the electors should arrive at a de- I cision as to which candidate was most w.ortiiy of support. -If returied he votdil stick to luse principles right tltrough. As fatr as the curtailuemei? of election expe!ises was concerned, lie felt sure it could be evaded. In reply to questions, he. said that if it were found white men could do the work of Lascars oh steamers, he would advocate such a course being pursued. Though the civil servants had separate representation in the State Parliament, he contended that the representation was bv no means siflicient, and practically robbed theni of their rights as citizens. The meeting closed with a 'vote of thanks to the chairman, - 