THE YEAR 1902.: A REVIEW OF EVENTS. - Excepting for the short period during iwhich the nation was watching ?with the profoundeet anxiety the course of the King's illness in June, a retrospect of the year, so far as Imperial interests are con cerned, affords material for unmixed con gratulation. His Majesty- has been crowned in a manner -worthy of the glorious history of his; House; peace has been re-established in South Africa, after three years of stubborn and sanguinary fighting; the co-operation of Japan in the defence of British interests, and of the status quo in the Far. East has been se cured by a formal alliance, one of , the earliest fruits of which was the relaxation of the Muscovite hold on Manchuria; a rapprochement which may 'prove' of a far reaching character . has been effected with Germany and Italy, and (to quote Lord Lansdowne) the wind has been blowing in the direction of a similar understanding ?with France; a frank interchange of ideas on commerce, defence, and finance, has taken place between Imperial and colonial statesmen in London; and an agreement has been effected by which the Admiralty Tetains its preponderating control in time of war over the British vessels included in the Anglo-American. Transatlantic combi nation. The year has not, indeed, been without its troubles and anxieties, but none can be said to have done grave harm, and even the discomfiture of a British column in Somaliland is, like' the rising of the Waziris, only one of the minor drawbacks to the ownership of a vast Empire. In iernationally the situation (excepting in Venezuela) has been tolerably free from anxiety, and the peace ? to which all the Powers have declared their attachment has remained as unbroken as it ever was. On the other hand, internally 1902 has been a year of uusettlement in almost every, country, and by a singular coincidence reli gion has invariably furnished the dominant note of discord. In the United Kingdom the education controversy has been con ducted with an amount of.acriniony rarely -witnessed in the domestic politics of the mother country; in France Ihe strong mea sures taken against the teaching of religious orders have excited a vehement outcry in all parts of the Republic; in Spain the re luctance of Senor Sagasta to redeem his anti-clerical pledges has cost him the Pre miership; in Germany the alliance of the Government with the clericals to secure, ?with the help of the Agrarians, the passage of the Tariff Bill has occasioned in Liberal quarters nearly as much resentment as the enactment of that measure itself, while the anti-plural voting riots in Belgium have re solved tlieniselves very much into a conflict between the Radicals and Clericals. As al ways where the religious question is raised, partisans have worked themselves into a mood in which reason is no longer of any avail and argument is drowned in the pas sion of sectarian strife. THE COMMONWEALTH. As a State and an integral part of the Commonwealth South Australia has fairly good grounds for self-congratulation. When the year dawned the Tramways Bill and the Outer Harbor Bill had passed their final stages in both branches of the Legislature, but in the former case the referendum still remained to be taken, and tenders were not called for the latter until a much later date. Although the electrification of the tramways is still in the future, full sanction to the scheme ?was completed, so far as the public of South Australia is concerned, dur ing February, while the outer harbor cou tract was signed, and conditions of work agreed to, notwithstanding an unforeseen delay early in December. Amongst the most important events of the year was the election in May of a new Parliament, including Upper and Lower Houses, on a new and improved basis. Probably no session has ever been more packed 'with ?work than that of 1902. The additions to the land and' income taxes, and the passing of the Stamp Duties Bill were amongst the practical results of the year's legislation. The Transcontinental Railway Act was the great feature of the Parliamentary session. The enterprise is admittedly a momentous one, and will involve the expenditure of capital, probably running into eight figures, but as liberal terms have been offered to syndicates having enormous funds to in vest, the inducements should prove soffi cient to secure the proposal being brought to finality. With the exception of the upper north and the Murray Flats the har: vest for the year has been the best reaped in Australia, and the rains, which cheered agriculturists and pastoralists early in De cember, eeein to competent authorities to indicate that better seasons are in store. The well-being of South Australia depends so entirely on its' rainfall that, anything which justifies the hope that this will not fall below the average for at least some time to come naturally occasions much re joicing. The retirement of the first Go-' vernor-General of the Commonwealth and the appointment of Lord Tennyson .to the vacant position is a matter which affects j South Australia 'as a State, and the whole 1 of Australia as a Federation. The selection of the 'Governor of South Australia to suc ceed Lord Hopetoun, although it deprived this State of an exceptionally popular Go vernor, was nevertheless taken as a com pliment, and heartily acquiesced in. Al though the Commonwealth to-day com pletes its second- year, the machi nery of Iteration is npt yet tho roughly installed; there is no High Court, embodying the judicial power of a the Commonwealth:. no Inter-State- Com- mission, to maintain freedom and 'equality of trade^upop the-rail-wars and the rivers;1 do organisation of defence under a single Act of Parliament. ,But the postal and telegraphic services of/six States have been ?brought under uniform legislation, though ; a federal postage stamp — one of the minor symbols of union— is still to seek; and the Commonwealth Parliament in its. first ses: eion, lasting seventeen months, passed uiany important measures, including lawB regulating alien immigration, establishing adult franchise, providing electoral machi nery, and, Lahore, all, imposing a -uniform tariff of Customs and Excise, with the in troduction of which six State tariffs dis appeared. The new fiscal system, securing inter-State free-trade, is, in accordance with the pledge given by thVP.rime Minister at'-; Maitlana last'.year, based', primarily on re , fsreaue considerations, but, is incidentally 1 protective,' thus* continuing with modifica- ' turn's .the policy pursued in Australia before : federation by five -of the six States. This result was not accomplished without .a pro tracted contest in the House of Representa tives, and a compromise with the Senate. Inter-State free-trade iB so. far the most considerable achievement to be credited to Federation; but the new order of things, co inciding as it does with financial difficulty in almost every State, has not been greeted withthe enthusiasm which might have been expected from a people whose agreement to unite was largely inspired by the aspiration to become . fiscally, and commercially, one. Already New South Wales has dissipated the huge surplus of revenue secured to u by the operation of the Federal tariff, while under the 'book-keeping arrangement other States are financially much worse off than before. Federation has, however, been charged with much for which it has bo responsibility whatever. The reaction' which in some cases has led even to vague threatenings of. secession is, in great measure, merely the swing of the pendulum from the pre-federal condition of excited and over-sanguine expectation. The Commonwealth came into being on a wave of sentiment, but already sentiment has given. way to polities, or— in other words poetry is replaced by. prose, with a natural fall from the spirit of exaltation that pre viously prevailed. Material depression in the States is attributable mainly to the lone-continued drought, and apart from Federation the unsatisfactory financial posi tion of the State Governments is only the Nemesis of extravagant administration con tinued, without any thought of the final and inevitable reckoning, through good seasons-into J?ad. . The most notable of the year's political developments is the in sistent popular demand for economical go vernment. South Australia set the ex ample of Parliamentary reform and ad ministrative retrenchment. In Victoria a vigorous movement in the constituencies swept a temporising Ministry out of exist ence and inaugurated a new era of thrifty administration. Queensland has been com pelled by the drought and the reduction of Customs revenue under the Federal tariff to adopt heroic measures, and Tasmania also is setting its House in order. Nowhere is reform more needed than in New South Wales, but there it has so far been suc cessfully resisted by the vested- interests of politicians. On the whole, however, the New Year will open under- improved con ditions, both politically and industrially The general resolve of Governments to live within their means is one of the factors tending to inspire 'confidence, while the re cent break-up of the drought encourages the hope that we are about to begin an other cycle of favorable seasons. Wool has risen in value, and high prices rule for grain and flour. Inter-Btate free-trade provides a Continental, market for -all Aus tralian manufactures, to which the stimu lus of a moderately protective tariff is ap plied, and New South Wales especially has already derived marked benefit from the aid thus given to her industrial develop ment. THE END OF THE WAR. Although peace negotiations began in March, the war in South Africa was not formally brought to an end till the begin ning of June. As soon as it had been ren dered clear to the burghers that 'the ques tion of independence was absolutely outside the range of discussion a settlement was quickly reached, on a basis which, as all the world recognised, showed unprecedented moderation on the part of the victor. The banishment proclamation, which had stood in the way of a previous agreement, was withdrawn. The use of the Dutch language was allowed in the schools and in the courts where necessary for the adminlstra tion.of justice. The burghers were allowed to keeptheir rifles .for purposes of protec tion. No date was fixed for the replace ment of' military administration by civil government, but a promise was made to in troduce representative institutions as soon as circumstances permitted. The terms oi peace, as' was inevitable, left unsolved many complicated points of policy, and there was no surprise, but universal satisfaction, when in October Mr. Chamberlain announced his intention to visit South Africa in order to examine and judge of the situation for him self. The free gift of £3,000,000, supple mented by a loan of £5,000,000 from the Transvaal Exchequer, may or may not' Suf- fice to repair the distress caused by the campaign. In any case it is necessary to provide for the permanent financial wants of the conquered States, to settle the lines of their future administration, the amount of the contribution - they are able to make towards the cost of the war, and the rela tions of the white inhabitants and the' natives. Throughout the' year a section of the loyalists, led by Dr. Smartt, have not ceased to maintain an agitation for the sus pension of the Cape Constitution, and Sir J. Gordon Sprigg, on the other hand, has with equal strenuousness declared that the existence of the Afrikander Bond is no impediment to the peaceful and pros perous development of Cape Colony under British rule. Mr'. Chamberlain has intimat ed that he sees no ground for' disputing Sir J; Gordon Sprigg' s diagnosis of the. situa tion, and the latter is confident that in this opinion the Colonial Secretary will be con firmed by a closer acquaintance with local conditions. THE GORONATION. The terms of. surrender it was generally believed owed something of their liberality to the desire that King Edward's Corona tion should take place during peace, which would scarcely have been possible had the war been continued to the point of uncon ditional submission. The nation, however, had still another ordeal to undergo before its Sovereign was formally installed on the throne of his ancestors. , It wanted but a few days to the Coronation, when, in uie third week in June, it was. announced that his Majesty was suffering from 'an attack of chill and lumbago, contracted while wit nessing a tattoo at Aldershot, He was com pelled to renounce some of his engagements, but no definite anxiety was felt till a week later, when it was suddenly announced that his illness' was of a serious character, that an operation had been necessary, ana -that the ceremony' at the Abbey must be post poned. Several days of suspense followed before the worst fears were dispelled, and it was announced that his Majesty's won derfully recuperative power had' for the second time brought him back, from : the 'Valley of the Shadow.' So unexpectedly rapid was the improvement that it was found possible to go ; through . the try ing . ceremony .of consecration' on Au gust 10, care toeing taken to reduce the de mands upon his endurance; so far as could be done without impairing in any essential feature the significance of the service: The pageant was bereft of some of its splendor, still it was .memorable enough to. .impress itself deeply upon the minds of the specta tors, including the colonial Premiers,' the Indian princes, .and. };he-;-represehtjitives qf foreign States, whpvpad come from; ,the ends of the £ar£h -to fitness tls Majesty's formal \cbn8ecj:ati,oh to the dufcie?: of ;: sthe throne. Mare than 60 years had passed, since such- arapec^cte^waaf %!- neised in' England, and in the -gathering of trepresentStiyes of colonies girdling the globe, ahel of Oriental ? subjects, inhabiting half -the continent, for- j eign commentators could not but observe an { eloquent, demonstration of the solidarity of j the Empire. Npt the least important of the events connected -with the Coronation was the conference' of the Colonial Premiers, Wuich, if it had no tangible results, at least bore testimony, to the strength of the Im perial sentiment, and the intensity of the de sire' of distant subjects of the Crown to re main closely knit -to. the country of their origin. The problem of Imperial defence was shelved. On the subject of. trade relations an academic resolution was passed. Still the. proceedings were not wholly barren,! even of concrete results, since resolutions' were carried in favor of subsidies to mail - steamers, attention to the, shipping laws of British and other countries with a view to the promotion of British shipping or its as? sistance against unfair forms. of competition; and the adoption of the metric system. Of Imperial concern was the agreement con cluded in October by the Board of Trade, with the Pierpont Morgan Atlantic Ship ping Combine and the Cunard Steamship Company, whereby an undertaking is given by the Morgan syndicate to maintain the distinctively British character of the vessels in the combination which now fly the British flag, while the Cuuard Company will i be subsidised to the extent of £150,000 per annum, on condition that it constructs for itself and places at the disposal of the Im perial Government vessels of high . speed, the command of which, in time 'of war, would add materially to British naval re sources. BRITISH HOME AFFAIRS. In the United Kingdom an event, which would have distinguished any year in which it happened, was the change in the Premier ship effected in July, when Lord Salisbury, retiring on the ground of ill-health, was suc ceeded by Mr.TJalfour. A singular feature of _ the eulogies pronounced on the ex -Pre- mier by British and foreign journalists was ?the unanimity with which all hailed him as the one statesman who had held a Euro pean reputation since Bismarck quitted of fice. Mr. Balfour's elevation to the su preme command of his party was welcomed as natural and obvious, though Mr. Chamberlain's prompt recognition of the . superior claims of his colleague did not pass unrecognised as an ex ample of political self-abnegation and party loyalty. The retirement of Lord Salis bury was selected by his colleague, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, as an opportunity for his o'ctti severance from the cares of office after a period of administrative service as prolonged as that of his chief.- In the do mestic sphere it has been an anxious year for the Government, and it has needed in cessant recourse to every argument, threat, and persuasion to secure from a consider able section of their followers a continu ance of the support necessary to enable them to pass one of the most contentious Bills ' ever introduced into the House - of Commons. Not since Mr. Gladstone's Home Rule Bill has any measure been so^ fiercely assailed, as that for extending to the Church schools, in virtue of the secular instruction they afford, the same, aid as had previously been enjoyed exclusively by the Board schools. The Nonconformists to a man set t'heir faces against legislation which, in Dr. Fairbairn's words, has created an 'ecclesiastical monopoly in the schools of the people,' and have threatened ah un sleeping agitation till the Act is repealed or so amended as to give the rate payers a preponderating voice in the control of the schools they are compelled to support. Another much con- ' tfoverted Government proposal -was the threepenny corn duty, which was stig-' matised by the Opposition as a 'relapse into protection,' and was -indeed openly hailed. by some who assisted in its adoption as- an instalment of fiscal reform calcu lated, it not deliberately imposed, to stimu late British agriculture. Less hostility was encountered by the Ministerial Bill to im prove the land purchase system throughout Ireland by enabling the Land Commission to take an estate off the owner's hands and distribute it severally among the various) farmers without having to- investigate a complicated agreement l-et ween the owner and intending cultivators. A revival of agrarian .disturbances in Ireland has been met by the proclamation under the Crimes Act of the whole of Connaught and Mun ster. except Kerry, with a fringe of the counties bordering those provinces, and the towns of Dublin and Limerick, while largely to meet and overcome Nationalist obstruc tion tlie rules of the House of Commons have been amended for the swifter dispatch of business. FOREIGN INTERESTS. Russian intrigue in Afghanistan, in Persia, and in China, French activity in Siam, and events in Morocco and East and West' Africa have rendered Lord Lans dort-ne's tenure of the Foreign Office during the past year anything but a sinecure. Early in the year the Government were sharply criticised by experts for their decision to hold Wei-hai-Wei — the famous stronghold, which was to be a counterpoise to Port Arthur — merely as a 'peace base/' and to abandon the preparations for making It a fortified station for the British fleet. But condemnation of this undisguised departure from the policy of Lord Goschen was speedily silenced, by the an nouncement in February of .a treaty nego tiated during the xjrevious month with Japan by which each of the - contracting Powers pledged itself to benevolent neu trality in the event of the other being en gaged in hostilities in defence of its inte rests in the Far East, and to active coope ration with jts ally in the- event of . the enemy being joined by another Power. The presumption of the treaty (which aims gene rally at the maintenance of the status quo and the independence of China and Corea) is that Great Britain and Japan are each able to assert their individual rights against anv single Power, and that the only thing for either to guai'd against is a challenge by two or more Powers.' The, publication . of the treaty had an almost immediate effect in a perceptible relaxation of. the Russian grasp upon Manchuria, and 'in restraining Russia and other Powers from the asser tion of claims involving their exclusive domination in any portion of the Chinese Empire. Except for spasmo-dic outrages by natives in the south, including the murder of two ^British missionaries, the year in China has been uneventful, and asit closes ground is afforded for hope that the remain ing occasion for- any . immediate interna tional concern will be removed by ? the withdrawal of the foreign . garrisons from Shanghai. Nor -should the treaty be for gotten by which Great Britain in September secured the simplification of trade 'relation* effected by the abolition 'of the barbarous likin dues. Attention, has not been so pre occupied in China as to blind- British eyes to events in Siam, where by a convention, concluded in September} France acquired two new provinces, on the right bank of the Mekong, of an estimated area of 12,500 square miles,~togetber with a monopoly o$ the right to construct ports, canals, and railways iirSia^n,' and '''tib'tyibl? railways, iii . tended to connect any 'point in,, the Mekong basin with- the capital.-'' France, ^ which has*^ practically* no ; shipping ,.. trade ; with Siam,' /and whose invested ,capi- i ial .there does not exceed 10 million] francs, ^ thus acquires? iir the Mekong Valley a position analagoiis to that of Ger many in Shantung and Russia in Man churia. The fear has been that such a position may militate against the object of British policy^ which is to maintain the political independence- of Siam, almost as ( much for the sake . of . its commerce, of which Great Britain- possesses1 a larger share than any other Power, as in the in terest of the protected Malayan states. The. significant appearance of. a British cruiser in the vicinity of Kelantan, a strategically important state,, acknowledg ing allegiance to Siam, suggests sensational possibilities for the new year, Persia is ? another territory which has engaged Lord Lansdo'wne'-s attention, especially in view of the Shah's visit in September to Great Britain and Russia. ? While, however, the St. Petersburg press has been rejoicing in the fact that the Persian Monarch's ? stay in London was. of short duration, whereas his journey began and ended in Russia, where his stay was of a protracted nature, nothing has occurred to suggest that the situation has undergone any change for. the worse since January, when Lord Cranborne stated in the . House of Commons that Great Britain was prepared to adopt any measures necessary to preserve her ascen dency in the Persian Gulf, and in the provinces that border on Beluchistan. Of greater immediate moment. is the de mand preferred by Russia some, months ago, and announced to the House of Commone in October; for permission to establish di rect relations with Afghanistan with re gard to frontier matters. As no explanation was given respecting the methods .to be adopted, and. the limits to be placed on communication, the British ' Foreign Office has seen no reason for varying exist ing engagements by which Afghanistan is absolutely outside the sphere _of Russian influence. In Africa, since the year began, the action. of the French troops in Bornu compelled Sir Frederick Lugard to extend British authority right up to the shores of Lake Chad, and to occupy Bornu . , itself. In August an arrangement was made for the appoint ment of an Anglo-French Commission, to delimit the northern frontier of Nigeria. As a matter of fact, the French have been less disposed to adopt an aggressive course in this region than they were upon the Nile a few years ago, and are just now concen trating their efforts on the more profitable undertaking of a railway through Dahomey. An effort, too, has been made to bring the Jubutil-Harrar railway under French con trol, by guaranteeing a sum pi half a million francs per annum to the Ethiopian Railway Company, thus' ensuring for France a mono Soly of the trade of Southern Abyssinia. For. have the French forgotten that Mo rocco rubs shoulders with their own pro vince of Algeria, and they are watching with perhaps more eagerness than any other nation the course of the rising of the Moorish. tribesmen in Tetuan. The reform ing zeal of the young Sultan and his devo tion to Western ideas have been the cause of much discontent among his more fanati cal subjects, and the year leaves it ques-. tionable whether . he : can hold his own against the revolutionaries, who are resolv ed on his denosition. The situation is latent, with possibilities of foreign complications, and though France may ISiy .off Italy by according, that .country, a free hand in Tri poli, she will, find it less easy to obtain British acquiescence to her own occupation of Morocco, tending as it would to Britain's hold on Gibraltar and her position in the Mediterranean. Meanwhile in another quarter of Africa British prestige has sus tained something of a check by Colonel Swayne's reverse in Somaliland in Septem ber by the forces of the Mullah, a religious fanatic, of the type in .which NorthEast ern.and Central Africa is so prolific. The mistake it seems was in permitting Colonel Swajne.to incur the risk, which LordLans downe refused to sanction last year, of fol lowing the Mullah into an arid and more or less inaccessible area, at all events with the meagre supplies he had at his disposal. INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS. From the Balkan- provinces ' there have come subterranean rumblings, indicative of an eruption, to prevent which may tax even the ingenuity of Count Lamsdorff, the Rus sian Foreign Minister, whom the close of the year finds hurrying to the Bulgarian and Servian capitals for this purpose. The frequent attempts during the early part of 1902 to excite a rising in Macedonia failed through dissensions among the Bul garian agitators, of whom one-half are de sirous only of the liberation of their race from Turkish oppression, while the ? other will be content with nothing less than the extension of Bulgarian rule to Macedonia or a large slice of it. The visit in the autumn of a Russian Grand Duke to Bul garia and. the somewhat equivocal cele brations in. the Shipka Pass, have encour aged the hope of an expansion of Bulgarian influence in the Balkans, especially since Count Ignatieff, emerging from the dead past for this very purpose, has flattered the pride of Prince Ferdinand by a pretended inability to distinguish in any. essential be tween Bulgarian and Russian troops. The enlargement of European armies, the crea tion of new navies, and the FrancoRus sian alliance have left Russia without that check, upon her action at the eastern end of- the Mediterranean which Beaconsfield was able to impose a quarter of a century ago, even if Lord Salisbury (whose dic tum Mr. Balfour has accepted) had not dis covered that in supporting Turkey Great Britain has 'put her money on the wrong , horse.' Still, while. Germany, Austria, Hungary, and Italy are interested in post poning or preventing the control of the Bosphorus and. Dardanelles by Russia, no good purpose can be served' in precipitat ing matters till the time is ripe, and Rus sia as yet -is content with the diplomatic victory she scored in. September, when she secured from the Porte permission to pass, four torpedo boats through .the Dardanelles. For the rest her interests are served by the agreement renewed with Austria in June for the preservation' of the status quo in the Balkans for another fixed term. Aus-' tria has none the less seen the prudence of continuing her adhesion to the Triple Alliance, an agreement ' .for prolonging . whicii was signed in the same month. Italy,, while declaring that she has lost none of her interest in this —compact, her loyalty to., which was accentuated by the visit of her. sovereign to Berlin in August, has explained that its terms do not. conflict with the maintenance of her new, friendship with France. The longstanding . commercial treats? between th'e; t^6 -Latin! Powers has this year been -followed by 'ant agreement,- which leaves Italy a free hand in V North Africa, east of Tunis, and France .a free hand in North Africa west qi Algeria. A visit by King Victor to StyPetersburg-in 1 toe spring was not, it was thought; uncoh-| nected with;tho hopes of rhis.cpuntry in ' isi-i gard to Ibe provinces lying to th^east of the Adriatic, and at all events, irabi ^jjept* ed by the world as another eri&&i;#:#PLt ', the Trinle Alliance- had loBt-jproe^^&afev; nificance since its establiflhinepf ^^M3»OT«d' as a check on the aggressive Mitat: France and Russia. A«^n«-K'lKW^ shown that she -has . other nunsli&Jp;^fii ,; -policE flianmej^ ;tB-^n^hen^^g^i sarit to France ; indeed, thPrelaxft tibin^K the spring of the dictatorship in Alsa.c«'£orr3 raine is believed to have been- large^i prompted by a knowledge of the favorable® impression it would produce in . france,^ much as the graceful concessions' by:, Mr.* Chamberiain with regard. to Maltese affajri»-v5 were intended and accepted in a great mea-S sure as concessions to Italian sentimeht^3G»J regard to Europe, in fehort, the year '?.$«$ witnessed a minimum of international fric-J - tion, and in Asia arid Africa there has'beea^ a no less noteworthy desire 'torefrain from ;m pressing unwarranted claims. The cbnfcribu-v :- tioa to peace thus supplied, 'however, ITaB-' been deprived of some, of its value %: i^ recrudescence of apgressive interest .by some - of the European Powers led by ^fermany* in the Western Hemisphere. Undeterred *&- an announcement of President Roosevelt in - August that 'the United 'States 'would not? tolerate that- the American .Continent v; should be regarded as the colonising^ ground of any European Power,' Germany- ? m the following month showed by the'sink--: ing of a Haytian gunboat that where her interests are concerned she is no morB ? disposed to stand on ceremony in the new than in the old world. ''The incide'rit, ifit .- did nothing more, confirmed in American ; minds those, suspicions regarding German intentions which the visit of Prince Henry, - of Prussia to New York in April did little, if anything, to allay, and which have since been confirmed by the extraordinary energy infused by Germany into her dealings with Venezuela. That the action taken against that turbulent Republic is justifiable is . shown by the support given to Germany by Great Britain, which ' alone among the ? Powers has frankly-admitted the validity of the Monroe doctrine; while President - 'Roosevelt has intimated that his~ Government will not prevent ' re-* dress of an injury done by ' any,' - South . American State, as long .'asj :. there is no question of colonising involved^ But punitive measures, if they involve the:: occupation of territory even for temporary; purposes, may easily be brought 'within the' scope of the Monroe doctrine, and the' con-' ' tinuance of the Venezuelan crisis has only.' deepened the feeling in America that terri torial designs in the Western Hemisphere- ? are seriously entertained by the Power which is sending her subjects to that region at the rate of upwards of 100,000 a year. THE NATIONS AT HOME. Early in the year the Kaiser, in a memor able speech, referred to the. 'ever-increasing ? bitterness of the conflict of opinions and' interests,' In Germany this conflict hast - been largely agrarian, in France it hasbeea ?' religious, in Russia constitutional, hr'the - United States industrial. While on .the' whole M. Combes, who in June -'had suc ceeded M, Waldeck-Rdsseau as Premier of France, could claim accurately to have in terpreted the mandate given to his prede cessor at the general election in May,: still' there was a general feeling that in, his dras- ' tic enforcement of. the law against uh- -?'? authorised religious associations he1 was-; actuated less by administrative zeal/pure' and simple, than by a passion' for indulging- '. the '.anti-clerical views Jie . had long pre- ' viou sly expounded in certain philosophical-: writings. The existence of an element 6i persecution in the matter was tacitly rer. cognised -by the Chamber at the beginning r of the present month, when, by a large, majority, the power of defining an 'asso-: ciation within the meaning of the law was taken out of the hands of the Executive and invested in the judges of the Supreme. Court. In Germany agrarian discontent, at a-Tariff Bill, designed rather to please : the manufacturers '.than the landowners, and possibly also to conciliate Russia as aJ' large exporter of grain, developed into! something like' disloyalty to the throne,- One' : of the acutest political crises the JTather land has known was only terminated when the Government, executing a cpmpletei volte face, accepted an amendment- to '.pi-^, crease the duties on home-grown cereajlfi to*' a rate beyond the extreme limit theyhad. fixed as the maximum at which -it -would be practicable to conclude a fresh commer cial treaty with Russia when the time' «r- ; rived at the end of next year. The agrarians' ' have had their way though at the, cost of -. inflaming popular feeling in the tbwaS ?' against them, and possibly, by the annpy-' ance given to Russia, of adding something - to the chances of international strife. The ' final result could scarcely have pleased the Kaiser who, in spite of the uribounded-jen- : thusiasm which marked the welcdme jgifreipi.^i to President Loubet on his appearaneeriar . '? St. Petersburg in April, had been antlcipatr'-; ing with much confidence a rapprbcheSiekfe '? . between Russia and Germany.' A?perio'S~; when .an industrial crisis ? had been ? filling -\ the streets of Berlin with hungry and -v' threatening -malcontents seems scarcely -to '-¥ have been' an appropriate time for addjng-J to the price of bread, and at such- a -period.' it is hardly less difficult to justify the pro posal made in April for the expenditure of ? no less than 250,000,000 marks in colonising ;.. Prussian Poland with German agricui-1^ turists.and laborers. The coolness of. the'; : reception extended to the Kaiser -on'jUB. subsequent visit to Posen showed how little.-.:: real progress had been, made 'in reducing ;.; the Polish provinces to acquiescence in Ger-' man rule. Germany is not the only Power ..'. which has been engaged ju the suppression ;: of the liberties of a subject pepplec ? Th^S;-; enforcement in July of a new muiterySBpr^;- vice edict brought the Grand Dncbv ol.||Sft?:fc'; land a stage nearer that 'Ru^spnca^&j;&v; which has been an unceasing . proiee^: jtof vl the past five years, and is now ail litit com-.vv plete. The hopeless misery in which- en- : tire provinces in -Russia are. permanently.--^ steeped provoked in. the autumn 'serious '}'. rioting among the peasants , in Poltavsij^; Kharkoff, and elsewhere, an'd this state. pf5i..; things, together with renewed .diso.rders'in -: the towns and in the universities and. the;^ assassination in' April of ;? 'M.i°S|pJt«htnJ^ Minister of the Interior, js'stjatea^^lf*! suggested to the minds, of the^Czar^Malte's aa^feere^eribu's -doubts ,me^r3$l^«g df-^rsonal-^ The* : year ^leaves'' ,-ilre-'' world-- :vawaat''vSr ing ''. with' .. 'eager ^-.exneo&ncfc; t1 'tKe*; W?t: neV;lIinik]t^r -of ?? Jbjie Interipr^ha^ wM J;-t the present motitli. -inade ^to -.OxfrVzam^ Palace at Livadia, with a copy :m:;his''pi»-gK session of' the cbnstijbutipii,. prepared JljjrvMv.v'V; Melikpff vat-ttie aire'dtion iof^i^fadfesaEEgi; W-hjatev.er tbe.upshdt, the retircmeW'iiEi^S'' ^; veinber: of . -M. ^Pobeaonostseff ? ^e;-Proc]p,*.*; tbr of tfaetSynbd) is populariy'.^M^^^ii^ haVe ? removed -;the igreatesjfc ob§teelC^6^-|f : form-. -'TbeVeir has seen no' greafe43jTO5e*S ^rf-a^flettleihent ;of'tfie T^ngi&n;!a5jSt| duarr^Uo^tween- Austria and1 Hungamaga^ thougfeitf j«fy.-tne-12mperor hr&W0;^M ?the-»f!h;fembvea '^ne-jsoint in ih^-€^fej^ l-y^c-e&ing; «ie' percentages Kp&iMm;^ exp.affiies:'ftlie.,''twa portions, '^ftWSPpfjt5 m0na&hy;,;:Bll6nld- contribute i^FepHy mW?3 a year'oniyyahdiea^ sburceTof 'p^Meenren^amefe^hfefegSl^^l moh;M&riff;^^\cTi7w^h$, ^ Hungary/ jn her ^'ln9usfrjfal-ibnfatijcs^,¥Wwj0tt\\* imanic^9y.em^t5-*l^B* ^^een^ofcejffl.'l^ ;itfg4hTCtf&o;^ Hi&fe; ^iiacifatffcory hand of Franm Joseph is f JPBmoi^ijy -icatl)L The domestic record of liP^«&SHer; States— of Italy, Spain, and Bel h Mam more especially-— has been largely a %$Mfotec in the history of that economic 0) ftruggte which tentfe to becon» m«re und |K Bore severe and to make heavier demands IffiaTOorernments and Parliaments.. ' The s ! ffinistry of Yanardelli have sought to- allay UBcontent by concession and promises of L. SBBial reform,, particularly as regards the corn dirties, but in times of emergency \- feavt not disdained recourse to the devices Ibf their Conservative opponents-having, in JdieeoV in March gone so far; as place all the ; railway servants belonging ta the1 army un jder military discipline in order to avert a feenerai railway strike. For the relief bf Agriculture in the south a scheme: has been propounded, of which, nothing has- yet- come. (So facilitate the repayment of mortgages Ihsld liy the State banks, and to break up the great la tifondi,. or estates, in order that they may. be let in allotments on perpetual leases at low rents. Strikes in {Barcelona and other manufacturing towns in Catalonia have shown, that urban distress is as acute in Spain as in Italy or Germany, and young King Alfonso, who was crowned in May, «an scarcely be said to have begun, his reign {under auspicious circumstances. The Libe ral orders, who had been threatened with \- iflie fete or those in France, have secured an {extension of their immunity from expulsion ;' ifctebugh the replacement of Senor Sagasta, Wie venerable chief of the liberal Party, ??, by Senor Silvela. The prevalent discontent in. Belgium has been shown, inter alia, by r few» attempts on. tie life of the King, and '?:. by xiots partly industrial, but mainly poli tical. in. their origin. A general election in . .May while it stimulated the demand for' the abolition of plural voting, did not. it teelf produce the conditions favorable to ?the immediate realisation of, the reform. In. America a ruinous dispute in the 'Pennyaylvania coal trade,. together. jisitTi the means adopted to put an. end. to it, takes precedence of all other itopics of domestic concern, if exception be Blade for Mr. Roosevelt's attitude towards tlie. trusts. The action of the Washington : Executive in securing the appointment of a \ Commission of Arbitration in connection Strath, the -oaA strike was justified by the (President on the same ground on which he Vleprecated the establishment of the great .capitalistic monopolies, viz., that' the con flict of modern, economic conditions- with ite traditions of individuality cherished by {students of the declaration of independence faas rendered necessary the appearance of fthe Government in the economic field. The Bins ne has taken in regard to the trusts may nave offended tlie financial interests, f' d contribute so largely to the election d of his party, but tlie result of the Con sslonal elections in November in enabling ?Republicans to retain their complete 'control of Congress, even though their inajbrity was somewhat diminished, de jnoristrated the ability of his party to sur ?vlve' the loss of a discreditable form of support. The year has seen Cuba cut adrift !from the moorings whereby it had been attached to the United States since the rwar; but it has witnessed the beginnings at least' of a stable form of government in the Philippines, the establishment of recip rocal trade relations with Newfoundland -,. fend the acquisition of the Panama Canal. SThe effort to secure by purchase the West Indian possessions of Denmark has failed /through the antagonism of a combination of Danish merchante, but in the vigorous as sertion of her Monroe doctrine on tbe (occasion of the recent Ministerial crisis, proof has been given by America of her de termination to lose no opportunity that ? inight present itself for gradually bringing the entire continent under her sway. , OBITUARY. ; The obituary of 1902 includes several .?honored and distinguished names, among jthem being Dr. Temple, Archbishop of Can terbury; Professor Virchow, Lord Dufferin, Jihe Rev. Hugh Price Hughes. Dr. Joseph 'Parker, of the London City Temple, Dr. ffalniage, Archbishop Corrigan, of New lYdrk, Lord Acton, Lord Paunceforte, Lord . Kimberley. King Albert of Saxony, Prince Edward of Saxe- Weimar, Maria, Queen of thfr Belgians, James Tissot^ the tamous French, painter, Cardinal Ledpcbowski, lArehbishop Croke, Field-Marshal* Sir Ne Iville Chamberlain. Sir Richard Temple, the Indian Administrator, Mr. Cecil Rhodes, Count. .Munster,,Herr. Tiza, the Austrian {Premier, Hamud Bin. Muhamed, Sultaa of Zanzibar, John William Mackay (the '13on- ... fenza King'), Admiral Sampson, of the XJnited States, Professor Samuel Gardiner, the historian, Emne Zola, Bret Harte, 'Philip James Bailey (author of 'Festus'), iMr/G. A. Henty (the boys' storyteller) t Mx. A. Patchett Martin (the Australian 1 litterateur), M. Bloch (instigator o£ the ?.- ''Czar's peace rescript), Dr. Newman Hall, Mx. Thomas Sydney Cooper (the artist). Sir. E. Ashmead Bartlett, Herr Krupp. [(proprietor of the famous armament worlc at- Essen), and Sir John Colton, twice Pr.e inier of South Australia and at one\ time JMayoriief Adelaide. w ?-; - — — 