JOTTIN a. The'cost of the elhi Dburbi r rJs estlm.a led at £ 260,000. ' ; . -' " ' ' Thlrteen people, hbave been injured :at a ruilway collision near Mal"ga. ,. s . Becauso he felt lonely a Newcastle-on Tyzne man, aged S3 years, has committed Esperiments are .being made .to manu facture brown-paper :out of Irish bog peat. Klnc Ed.wards Hfospital bund for Lon don received during .:thu ,past, year £ 04.SO"2. . . in St. Pctersburg a., mad :dog has at tacked the pupils of a. girls school and bitten 40 of them. '. ' " ' A proposal hastbeen mooted for the con struction of a ndw dock at Bombay, which will cover 50 acres.,;ilt awalts Government san ctio .. , ' - . 't:. ' ' ., : . . .. . ' From Havre a French lady has sent out to the Cae a number bl sheep as a pre sent" to the Boeirs. 't e " " ' d. ' An inquest was held at Sheffield on a woman who had"spent 40 years out of.t6 years she had llved'In bed. , -A' meeting, rcpresentlnPo 100,000 negro voterp of, New.York State, has passed'a resolution i'fav'iiu? of raising money.: to contest legally, the: new' consitlttion 'o Virgloan. 'under wvich l'tho negro is disn franchiscd.' '.*i - -' - . " "' " ' . OCuriosity as to the contents of a cart rldgeohas eost a Sheffield gasflttcr several of his fingers. .The cartriidg exploded as he opehed'it. : .- , ' - - .' Giddlness, blougbt on by indigestion, caused: ah Edgwuore Road house painter to foail from-a'seufold' in Portland Place, with' fa'tal result; * . . ' Fori'piehlngup and hissins a litteio boy In the .street a:Birmlngham man has been inea i0s, or'. one month'n hard labour, for osaulst.-" - _ Kl'Danish railwnay company nan .ecino os instlthte' free libraries by rail for 'the benefit of Its third-class passengers. ; By 27 voteo to 7'the Jersey States have passed the third readlng of the Bettlng 11ll, which makes any, bet or wager on any oport or competition unlawful 'under heavy ipenaltie's.- . .. .nMrsa Elizabeth Urry, the widow of an isle of Wigrht agriculturist and' member. jf a family which iiis been connected with Ihe island for over seven centuries; has died at .the age of, 100. It tis.suggaested that the wreck recently discovered In Dublin Bay may be that of atroopshil which 'went down in the bay in'181i5 vith'trodops returning from Water loo. ' . Anl Egyistian mummy, said to be that of a priest who 'lived 'about 600 years before thhe'Chris'tlancra, -was sold by auction In Leeds recently'for £2 ts 6d. . The police of ' Berlin carry revolvers which fire seven shots in five seconds arid Illl at'a' distaice of 660 yards. Birmingham; Council has been' testing a iofor"flre ;engine which can travel at 30 mlies an hour.. ' . . 'Kirkicdldy, Fifeshire, has given in its pleblscite an overwhelming vote in favour of a'.Sunday tramway service. "Jemmy! What's a jemmy?" asked a burglar at,the. Birmingham Police Court, with an air of sweet simplicity. "A Wood Green infant, who was tied into bed by an bandago attached to the bed rail, rolled off the bed and was hanged. -:Three :million and. a quarter tons of coal.of the' value of 6s per ton and under, were shipped from'the United Kingdom in 1902.. ' . . Strlking resemblance has been 'pointed jut between' the remarkable ancient ruins iat Zimbabwe in Rhoddsia and antiquities inCornwall. :: "It is stated that.the whole of the Duke of Argyll's estates in the Ross of Mull and the Island oflona will shortly- be drouglit-under the hammer. ''Bifbi-o committiTg suicde a Chelsea chbarwoman left a 'note pinned to a clean nigh't-dress:and "asked that it might be uised; ifher. body: was, foun'd.'.; Recruiting is to begin," at once in the Northisof Ireland for tho new Imperial Yeomanry,.'which-will be the first volun teer cdrps allowed in the Island. T?'o Irish clergymen on the way to a sick call drove through the ranks of a military' funeral in Phocnx Park. The driver. " Professor Lawrence Bruner, or the Uni, versity of. Nebraska, has a collection of 60,000 grasshoppers, among which are 20,000 distinct species. Bridlington, south of Scarborough, has decided to spend £30,000 on a new sea will and promenade for visitors with shel ters for 3000 persons.. "I'm: very glad; it serves -you' right." said the County Court judge at Brighton to a plaintiff who said the defendant had docamped with the stakes of a bet. , B?y the death of Dr. Thomas Peregrine, of the Firs, Woking, near London, in his ninety-third year, one of the oldest mem bers of the medical profession has passed away; It is stated that Lord Kitchener is sur prising Calcutta by his social gaiety, and that'his dinners and displays of dazzling plate are the" admiration and talk of the town. " To encourage the formation of rifle clubs thei commandant of, the North-Eastern District nt- York is issuing diagrams showing the construction ;of' 200-yard screen-prote?ted ranges. At a ball in Gotsborg, Sweden, a young lady was thrown down by her dress be doming entangled with an o'licer's. spur and-killed by a heavy hairpin which pene trated her brain.. ,For a mistake in preparing a prescrip tion,, thereby causing a man's death, Henry Gibson, a Spalding chemist, was senten-. ced to fourteen days' hard labour for manslaughter. The latest remedy for colds in the head is a total abstention, says the "Figaro" from drinking any' kind of fluid for seve ral dgys., The system is calledO the "dry cure.'" \- Fatima Sing IIpo, said to be the small est person in the world, has died suddenly at Beaumont, Texas. She' was twenty-two years old, weighed 151b, and stood 281n high, . Men of- science enjoy. ' extraordinary longevity. In 7000 cases it has been found that the average ago at' which astronomers die is'7l ; artists, 50; literary men, 65; and'savants generally 7)..,:. The Islo of Man has no pawnbroker. Jer sey,wilth.nearly the same populaton, has four pawnbrokers, two male and two fo male;.Each of these islands bas:one fe male journalist. Jersey has a solitry. coal-miner. DA society of some weight has just been established'at' Marseilles under the title of 'C.'ent-Killos de Marselle.'" The main conditio of membership is. that. no on0 shall be'eligible whose weight is less than 100\. kilos. (about .st). i 7' At the present time Europe alone is ex pendingsyearly'about .£265,000,000 in the maintenance of armaments -upon a peace footing;and' what the outlay'would be In case of war can only be imagined. If this ,money could be saved,,what a. bhon it would be to the world. ,The Sugar Bounties will finally come to an end in September of the present year. '£250,000 has been voted to the West Indies to tide over their dffilculties till, that-date. . A'London man twenty years old may ex pect to live 30 years, but a Glasgow resi dent of the same age can only anticipate 30 years 11 months, and a Manchester man less than 35 years. In October last wireless messages were successfully received on a train running 60 miles an hour betwebn Toronto and Quebec. The train remainedin communi cation. with the station for, ten miles. The United States Government still holds 600 million acres, ot 'land which may be taken up tby' farmers.: Much,' of this, however, Is useless until irrigated. The British Empire ouitside the United Kingdom only contailns'somo S8/milllons 6f people-of' Britiesh descent-that is to 'say, only non In foty of its total, pdpula tion . 'It takes nearly, 10,P000 . horse-power to drive a 20,000-i.too.?essel at.24 knots an hour: 14,0o0 eoables the Cedric, the' big est v.essel 'ailaltb , to travi l at 17 knots. Egypt has 1il11ii edical amen to 'look orer the healthO bover light million peo lee. 04 re o-biropdan l odtors. I Ilull has tlie cleape'st crematorium in England. The: chargeIs onily a guinea. At Woking the chhargo. Is 5. Widowsa will form theo majority of the lady guests at a charity, ball to be givean shortly in Vlenna' ? According to the".moniks of the hospice of St. Bernard, theirffamous dogs save on an average otwenty'liies. very year on the mounan. " ' In the past: 20 years:,the recelpts'of teip United States lost:Oficc ,havde increased from £8,400,000,to:over,£25,000,000. Spain holds:,the record for cheap man agement of her railways.? Only 48.- er cent..of the gross earnings are spent .In management.i .. Surinamt has,the smaillest range of tem peraturo of any place. In 'the World.:" The aumtper average is' 78 degrees, the winter 770 degrees..,' : ' The first bicycle. worins, in Japan: are about to be started by a syndicate of 18 apanese, financciers, with. a capital of 150,000 ync..: '.. There aroeinow 73 shipyards in Japan, and 20 docks belonglhi'to private firms. They ire distributed among' the various ports in.th'eeountry.'.. . . An advanccein therates charged for in surance of theorisks under the Workman's Compensation .Act-has been notified' by some of the insurance oftices. .Appendicitis itrsurande 'isamong the lat eat ot Lloyd's' For the sum of 5o all ex peoscs of an operation up to £200 are assured, and should death result a further £200 will be paid.' - A new fire:escape,:. which is said to be the first Invented by'ano Englisman, has been patented. It-consists of a wire lad der and a fireproof canvas'chute. It is fixed at the'top of a building; and, on the pressure 'f abutton in any of the upper rooms, unrolls, and can be drawn to the window. . Unshuttored windows arc, according to Mr.,Ellis Marsland, the honorary. secretary of the British.Fire Prevention Committee, not only a:principal,.hbut the main cause of conflagrations. spreading when they have once begun. :?'.As soono as the water plays upon the'heated glass the window crashes in, and the flames fly inwards and onwards. -.K ,. .,It is expected that 200,000 immigrants will arrive lh' Upper Canada during the coming summer. Sir Power'Palmer, who has hbeen su-' ceeded as Coninander-;inChief in India by Lord IKitchener,..Is- familiarly known as "Long P.":: He is' Oft' 51in in height. Although Madaine ' Sarah Grand takes immense pains over her hooks, often writ ing. a chapter.twico or three times over, she finds so mucht pleasure in her work that she. regards it. more in tthe light of a recreation. 'Apart from this Madame Grand's favouriteopastime Is cycling. Six or 'seven englnes on the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway have been fitted to burn oil fuel on HIolden's system: -Lord Cottesloe; the chairman of, the comliany,. states that this. course ha; been adopted in view of the fluctuatlons It the price of coal and the risks of miners'' strikes. :.. It is reported n:a sclentifc journal of standing that b" new magazine rifle has been adopted by. the Danish army and navy It is said to fire on the proving ground 15 rounds a second, and,;allo'ivng for reload ing, 300 roundsa' aminaute. The magazine holds'30 cartridges. Autdmobiles, are. presently, to take the place of locomotives on some lines of the Paris, Lyons, and Mediterranean Railway, where thd tramfic is not great.' - It is understood that the conversion of the Mersey tallway from steam to eleo trlc-traction has .now been fixed. The complete transformation will be made In a' single _dn, .thb:stesm"trains coaslng 'to runtnn:1-thevecjlnog'nfhd:t fu:ll nernicoe of electric cars commencing.on the follow ing morning. There are to bo 750 trains a day. Protessors Pranlchi and Tizzoni, the lat ter a memlier ofltho Italian Parliament, anounce at Bologna that they have dis covered the bacilllus of pneumonia, which ,iultiplics.l,in an extraordinary fashion. E:periments made with the object of de-. stroying the germs in sick persons have .Iven excellent results. Dr. MetchlIkoff, of the Pasteur Institute, has discovered" that the whitening of hlu nan hair is due to the presenceof a mi crobe "which'.:'asimilates the colouring matter under the skin. Ho is now endca vouring to find a means of destroying the microbo without' Injuring the roots of the hair. He claims that if he shouldl be suc cessful, white, or grey hair will become a thing of ,the past. A Ruthenian engineer named Livcok has nvented an apparatus for ascertaining he speed and exaeb position at any given momcnt of a railwsay train. It is claim ed that thoeinvention is of great value for preventing accident during fog and storm. After a very successful demonstration be fore the Tsar, the Russian railway autho rties ordered a thousand sots of the ap pratus for passenger goods trains. An extraordinary missive has just pass ed through the hands of the postal officials 1n Ost- Gothiand, Sweden (says the 'Mail). It cosisted 6f a letter, addressed in a round,' girlish hand to,"Our Lord in Heaven." ' On being opened at the Return ed Letter Office tho letter proved to be a ouching prayer emanating from an eiolght year-old chlld, who had selected 'this means to secure a guitar from the Giver of' all things. . Her appeal has been answered philanthropic persons having subscribed for the purchase of the instru ment. .. Tho mapping of the world will lie most iy an achievement of the. twentieth cen toury. :Thlie reat map of the United States, hegun twenty years ago, will require about a hundred years for Its completiqn. and the :chle of.the Hydrographic Offie' reports that tho 1250 chart plates in his possession represent only about one-third of what are necessary before the seas of the world' will bo sufficiently chartedlfor ofC navigation. 