NEWS OF THE DAY. 'As the result of the investigations of Mr. Lewis, the chief electoral officer, further interesting contrasts between tho existing State and tlie future Federal electoral rolls in Victoria are made known. In the Joh- niont anil West Richmond division there are 952 electors on the State roll— COO ratepay ers and 346 on the general roll. On the Commonwealth roll there will he 3303 elec tors! — 1340 men and 1963 women. In tlie Tourella section of the Chines and Allen dale division, however, the tables are quite turned. The State roll contains 638 elec tors— 538 ratepayers nnd lt)0 on tlie general list. On the Commonwealth rail, based on residence only, there will he only 300 names —182 men and 118 women. The Federal roll carries witli it a complete and thorough re distribution of electoral power, Arrangements are being made by Sir John SeeJ Premier of New South Wales, for tlie conference of Premiers projected some time ago to deal with various inter-State mat ters. A telegram was received by Mr. If: vine yesterday suggesting that the confer-- ence should bo. held in Sydney during Eustor Week. The Premier tins replied that this arrangement would meet liis convenience. There are ho fewer than 4920 applications at the Lands Office for Government ad vances under the Seed Wheat Bill. Al though provision is only made in that mea sure for a total distribution or £100,000, and the Premier intimated in the Legislative As sembly, that nothing beyoml that amount Would he advanced, these applications aggre gate £174,000. It is probable that on Mon day next the Acting Minister of Lands will decide at what time the application list shall be closed, and make arrangements for the appointment of boards in different parts of the State. The. Public Service Commissioner desires it to be notified that provided a sufficient number of clerks of courts wish to submit themselves for tlie lnw examination for police magistrates an examination will shortly he held. Applicants are requested to communicate with Mr. Topp as soon as pos sible. The Pacific Cable Board lias made an im portant concession to its customers. Yes terday Mr. R. T. Scott received the follow ing message from the hoard:— "Am glad to inform you that by co operation with the Atlantic companies the original date, hour and minute, to the nearest five minutes, will be in future inserted in the free pre amble . of messages from Europe to Aus tralia and New Zealand. Messages from Canada to the United States will bear Van couver date and time. Receivers of mes sages from Australia nnd New Zealand nnd Europe will get original date "and nearest liotir of filing. Impossible to get minutes this side, except (it prohibitive cost." Our railway authorities, who nre con stantly losing or delaying freight business owing to- their inability- to 'mike -tho best use of the trucks at their command, might well profit by tlie example of American management. How by intelligent organisa tion they meet a congestion of ttafllO in thnt country is shown, in the following telegram from Pittsburg, dated 22nd November' ancl published in an American newspaper: — "With ho new freight to handle on Sunday, an opportunity: will be given the railroads to break the freight congestion, and in their eaorta to accomplish that to-tnorfbw wU! witness tho greatest movement of freight over known in tlie Pittsburg district. Be tween 12 o'clock tb-nigh't aiul 5 o'clock Mon day/morning 40,000 cars of freight live to be moved by the Pennsylvania railroad, the Baltimore and Ohio, the Pittsburg and Lake Erie, and tributary lines. Ollieials of alt the roads spoke encouragingly of the pro-' gress being made, ahd declared that niter to-morrow there would he no need of any mills iii Hie country shutting down." A tost of oil as a remedy for Hie dust nuisance whs commenced in Spenccr-strect , nbiit- Lonsdnlc-stroSt yesterday morning by Mr. A. C. Mountain, city surveyor, and liis assistant (Mr. Morton), in the presence of several members of tlie works committee of the City Council. A sprinkler, resembling an ordinal')' water cart, specially manufac tured by tlie John Danks and Co. Proprie tary, was used. The vehicle carried 17G gallons of crude petroleum, which was dis tributed over a stretch of roadway about 100 yards long in 10 ininutcs. One effect wns to make the street cptltc black, Time, of course, must elapse before nil opinion can he passed with regard to Hie experi ment. The enst of the oil carl, which did its work very satisfactorily, was £40, 'and the BOO gallons of oil recently imparted for tlie tests cost 3d. per gallon. The sum voted by Hie council for tlie expeririienU was £200. It is Mr. Mountain's desire to definitely settle the question whether under the conditions prevalent in Melbourne oil is a suitable meaiis of keeping down tlie dust. An experiment was recently tried on tlie London to PoflsnuHtHi road, be tween Farnhorough and Aldcrshot, when a Si-retell of about one mile aiul a half was treated with crtide petroleum ns a means of nbnting tlie nuisance caused by the heavy dust clouds raised by motor cars and other traffic. Tho rontl received two dressings of the oil, which (owing to tlie iiiisuitahility of the water earls in use) hail to he laid by a staff of men with Invge sprinkling cans. Tile first dressing was put on on Friday evening, nnd wiis absorbed by Saturday morning, when the second dressing was given. This, too, sank in, leaving the top of tlie rogd like wet Snntl, which us the traffic passed over it became U Well knit sur face, without tlie faintest sign of dust. The oil \\#is quickly absorbed, so that it did not" ding to tyres of passing cycles of motors. The work was carried out under tiie diree- tion of tlie assistant Surveyor of Hampshire, about 1000 gallons of oil being put on to every qunrter oi a mile, it was interest ing to observe Hie effect of quick travelling motor ears, of .which many passed during the afternoon, along the road. They reuched the treated portion in a Cloud of dilst, and travelled over it like passing over asphalt, disappearing a fuw yards beyond Hie other end of Hie trcnted portion behind u hank of dust of tlieir own raising. There seemed lio doubt of the efficacy of the treatment an a dust layer. A London contemporary, Which reports -Hie experiment, says: — "The points Hint nre- to lie watched nnd reported on nre its durability — i.e., how often the roads require treatment — and tlie cost .as compared With watering and scavenging. After a week's trial the road remains free from dust/hut the smell of the oil still lin gers iii the liir, artd this might he a serious objection to nii extended use of the system. Whether the rubber tyres of motors and cycles will he improved by tlie oil is rather a doubtful point, hut the method appears to offer many advantages, whilst the prin- dipul objection raised lias reference only, to the smell.'.' Tlie enterprise of a baggage agent con nected with a Melbourne varying firm was responsible for a discussion at the meeting of tlie Marine Board yesterday. There is a very stringent regulation applying to all . ports in Victoria that no person except tlie pilot and health und immigration officers shall go alongside any ship from other than an Australasian port before she lias been cleared by the health officer. The baggage agent referred to, in order to be first on hoard the incoming nihil steamer Ophir, and sio secure 'the business of forwarding Hie pas sengers' -luggage for liih fii'iti before any Other agent could put ill lid appearance, succeeded in inducing the pilot to allow him to hoard the vessel from the pilot steamer. Attention ivas directed to this incident nt yesterday's meeting of the board by, the secretary. Mr. M'Kic, who pointed but that there was a regulation which laid upon pilots the obligation of seeing as far ns liiy in tlieir power that tlie port regulations were not broken. The hoard decided to com municate with tho pilots, and ask for an explanation as to why tlie baggage agent wns allowed to hoard tlie Ophir before she had been cleared by tlie health officer. Those who are concerned in tlie introduc tion of tlie cnrcascs of pigs nnd calves into Hie meat supervision area of Melbourne should note a warning which the eliiiii-mail of -the Board of Health desires to give the general public. Dr. Gresswell states that during the last few months it lias been ne cessary to condemn a large propertlen of the carcases of the animals mentioned brought to Melbourne from tlie country. Many of tliem have been found lo be cither Very dirty, fly blown, badly dressed, or bleeding, and as a consequence they have been condemned either on arrival in the metropolis or at the place appointed for branding. Naturally Dr. Gresswell deplores that food designed for human consumption should be sent to Melbourne in such an un wholesome condition that it lias to he con demned, especially at a time when Hie price of meat is so high. He sees no reason why this waste should not he prevented if con signors promptly covered the carcases, anJ if tlie time of'transit to Molbourne were not unduly long. Mr. Cameron, the hoard's veterinary expert, accounts in some Plea sure for -the -unsatisfactory condition of the carcases of tho calves by the fact thnt they are killed by farmers who are not ex pert slaughtermen. Tlicse farmers wrap the dead animals in the sack nearest at hand. Sometimes Hie carcase is too closely covered and sometimes inadequately covered. At AVednesday night's mooting of the Hawthorn council, in a discussion about tlie prosecution of purveyors of adulterated foods and beverages, it was stated by Cr. Russell -that the gentleman from whom the council "received Hie most obstruction was Dr. Gresswell himself." The chairman of tlie Board of Health suspects that the re mark has reference to the fact that some months ago lie made a- strong protest against being called on to give evidence in saipport of prosecutions initiated by coun cils. The Hawthorn council subpoenaed him as the witness in a case, and he gavo evidence. But at the following meeting of the hoard lie pointed out that if this wero taken by other councils as a precedent, die would be unable to give adequate time and attention lo the regular duties of his posi tion. Tho hoard agreed with its chairman, and -the opinion was held that -the Govern ment should take steps to prevent the pos sibility of liis being called upon to give evi dence by any municipal body in tlie State. "I simply could not do the work of this office," observed Dr. Gresswell yesterday, "if I were -to be hauled here, there and everywhere at the beck and call of any and every council." At a Special meeting of the National Anti- Swcating League to be held oh Monday pre liminary steps will he taken to raise a fund of £100 for the purpose of defraying the cost of a national convention on labor and cupital, Which it is proposed to hold in about six months' time on the lines of the National Civic Federations' Conference ill New York, 16th to 17th December, 1901. At the federation's Conference three sets of per sons conferred-— (a) representatives of churches nnd general public, (b) employers and (c) wage earners. Tho Melbourne con ference promises to he tlie greatest under taking of its kind ever attempted hero. A -member of the. Danish Social Demo cratic Labor party, in tlie person of Mr. Svcn Trier, was Welcomed U> the delegates at the meeting of tho Trades Hall Council last night. The president, Mr. 11. H. Solly, intimated that tlieir visitor was travelling in "foreign countries" for the purpose .of getting infor mation about wqrkers' unions. Thdre Was a tiule, lie said, in the history, of the labor movement when a man -from Any- part of the world outside of Great Britain was re garded w ft "foreigner," bdtl- iq-dfty, tEat distinction had boon' wipfed rtWny. Tliey still looked on every mail who was not a Britisher as a foreigner as far as nationality Wiis concerned, but laborers— no matter whether Frenchmen, Germans or Danes- Were all comrades. The only persoh whom they did not recognise in tin's way was the monopolist and the capitalist. These senti ments met with the cordial approval of the delegates. Mr. Trier expressed liis appre ciation of tlie cordial reception extended to' him, hut explained -that lie was "unub'.c to speak English good." Ho reciprocated the opinion that, while workers might he of different nationalities, they were all Social ists. Mr. Tom Mn tin was also present nt Hie meeting, and Mr. E. K. Lane, who is passing through Melbourne on his way to the Cosmo communal colony in South America, was also a visitor. A number of letters were received nt Hie meeting of the Trades llnll Council last night from trades unions offering monthly contributions towards tlie fund that is being raised to secure the ser vices of Mr. Tom Mimn as organ iser of the unions throughout tlie State during the next twelve months. Tlie Bceretafy of tho Victorian Shirt, Collar aiul White AVorkers' Union, however, wrote as follows: — "The circular from your council re funds towards securing tlie services of Mr. Tom Mann was brought before a general meeting of our society, nnd in reply, I was iiistruetod to say that tliey consider slicli service would lie of little behelit to tlie workers, generally, and consequently do not feel justified in spending the funds of the association for thnt purpose." "No more white shirts!" was tlie comment made. At a later stage of the meeting, when the annual hainnce sheet was being discussed, Mr. Halfpenny called attention to the fact that this particular union owed £2 10/ in fees to the Council. "I think it would be well," lie added, umid laughter, 'if we could get rin organiser' amongst the members of thnt society." Airs. Muir, the delegate from tho union, hinted nt tho existence of some dissatisfaction With re gard to a report from tlie building commit tee. adding, "Air. AVright has Hie money in hand iioiv, and is ready to paySvhen we Kefc a satisfactory reply." The half yearly financial statement of the -Trades Hall Council was submitted to the weekly meeting of .thnt body lust niglit. It Was shown that tlie receipts during tlie past six months amounted to £1158. The prin- cqial Items were contributions from socie ties £435, and a balance from tlie 'previous half year of £011, The expenditure wns £070— labor, material und goods absorbing £201, and interest to societies £140— leav ing £488 to lie carried forward. Tlie total assets Were set down at £55,804. The niaiii., items were land" £33,300, and buildings £19,239. The liabilities were represented by lonnB £0450, and trust account £05. The balance sheet mas adopted. In view of Hie circumstance that the term of office of Hie present resident medi cal staff at the AVonien's Hospital expires On 28th prox., tlie committee decided yes. terdny to invite applications for -the follow ing positions:— Resident medical officer of the infirmary department, nt £50 per -an num; resident medical officer of the inid- tt-ifery department, at £50 per annum; and assistant resident medical oiiicer of the mid wifery departrtient, at £25 per annum. Tlie duties of medical officer of tlie infirmary, department are at present being tempora rily administered at a cost of £200 per an num.. Tlie donations, amounting to £18 13/, ac knowledged at yesterday's lhcetiiig of tho AVonien's Hospital committed showed a perceptible decrease oil previous weeks, con sequently the members were pleased to . hear from Airs. Felstead that u company, of Which All'. Lambert was tlie conductor, had offered to give two performances of The Gondoliers in aid of the hospital funds. A condition attached to tlie offer was that tlie committee should undertake to dispose of £50 worth of tickets, which the mem bers readily hndcrtook to do. As it was understood thnt the offer had. been made through Air. and Airs. Felstead; 'it Mas de cided to thank, them for -tlieir continued interest in tlie welfare of tho institution- At a meeting of the Richmond council on Thursday evening it was decided to issue County Court Writs for tlie recovery of the amount of rates due on -the premises occupied by the local sergeant of police in CliUl'cWtreet. : Tho case was brought bo- fore the local bench recently and dismissed, tlie magistrates holding that the premises rented by. tlie Crown were ipso facto Go vernment property, and therefore not rat able. It appears that the quarters origi nally provided by 'the Government were unsuitable, and the present premises wero subsequently, leased, in their stead. The long vacation of the Supreme Court terminates to-day, and work wilt be in full swing again on Monday. According Lo tlie calendar, a full bench, consisting of the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice AVilliauis, Air. Justice llolroyd, Air. Judtice a'Becketl, Air. Justice Hodges aiid Air. Justice Flood, will meet at 11 o clock to hear arguments in con nection with the question li'ho is to pay the licence fees demanded by llie 'Uity Council from the 'Tramway Co, for the tram care, recently declared to come under the cate gory of hackney carriages. The case is likely to occupy at least otic day. Air. Jus tice Hood is the Chamber judge for the month, and the Chief Justice takes circuit duty. Among the cases set down for hear ing is a breach of promise action— Dcnslay v, Oldham, ill which £10,000 damages are claimed. Tlie matter is fixed for trial be- fore his Honor aiid a jury of twelve at AVurrnapihooI, on 10th February, but it is i open to tho parties to agree to the hearing ' taking place in Atelbourric. AtthecOhelusion of the Full Court, but not before next Alon- day week, civil business will bo taken. Alt'. ' Justice Williams, and Air. Justice Hodges - have hotli equity lists, while Air. Justus) llolroyd lias a long law list to dispose of. Tlie hearing of petitions in divorce will ba \ 'commenced before Air. Jilstice n'Bockctt early next week, and liis Honor will take tho criminal .sittings of the Supreme Court j on tlie lOtli February. Tlie General ties- i sions for February will he .commenced on Monday next, Judge Johnston presiding, and Judge Hamilton is to take the County Court list. The business of tile adjourned : annual licensing court will ho resumed iu tlie Insolvency Court on Alonday. i Recruiting in tlie militia, field and garri- ? . son artillery lias been carried on vigorously since 1st inst. 'The various commanding officers do not anticipate any difficulty in having tlie various corps up to strength . before the Easter training. f Tlie management of the British pictures, ; now 611 view at tho Victorian Art Society's 7. Galleries, Eastern Hill, have decided to con- J: tiniic tho rational Sunday afternoon cxhi- j hitions, to afford those of tho public who | cannot attend during tlie week to inspect i this magnificent collection. Tlie attendance % litis been good nil through the week. The ) galleries. will bo open from 2 to 6 u'clm.!: to- ; morrow afternoon. The first cycling matches between "Ma- jpr" Taylor and Tli. Robl will take place on Hie Exhibition Oval this afternoon nnd | evening. 'These two champions will meet in : three events for a purse of 100 sovs. Both i riders arc said to he in first class form. 5 Al'Donald and Dickeii'tnmn will contest se- | veral events, nnd Robl and Diekeniman will ; nice a picked Australian rider over dis tances of 10 and 15 miles, all the events being motor paced. There will also he two ; motor races, which will doubtless prove very attractive to patrons- Taylor, who 1ms quite recovered from his illness, appeared ': on the track yesterday afternoon. Ho will be paced by a motor manned by his oivn , driver, and there is. very little doubt that - the public will he afforded a rare opportu- nity of witnessing a brilliant race. Air. Sternberg, Af.L.C., writes to sa.v that his remarks in the Legislative Council on ; Thursday evening regarding tlie disfran- . elusement of Civil servants have been mis understood. He did not -mean to convey that public servants had been treated like . "fclo-ns and dogs," but tha-t they hnd been - placed in the same category a9 ' felons, . slaves and criminals." . . I The Lord Alayor of Aielbourne has ar ranged for a hand performance to be given ; in Carlton Gardens (south) by the A'leto- : rian Railways Military Band ' this after- noon, from 3 to 5 o'clock. 