SUMMARY. Lord Salisbury who had been for somo time, died on Saturday He was T3 years of age. In the second of tho series of r&cestoT; tho America Cup, tho Relianco beat Shamrock IIL . . (i... n)Uf> iiiidnct hp her time allow ance. Sbo finished the course ia 3 hours 33 minutes. Shamrock III., which crossed the 4sec. ahead of tho Reliance, was early blanketed by her rival. Tlie Americana were smarter than the yachtsmen in setting sail for the rub Lome, the Shamrock's crew having some trouble with ber. jib. The yachts travollod so fast that_ they left many o£ tho excursion boats and tugs hopelossly behind thcra. The course was a 15-mlle run to ' back A 10-lcnot breeze prevatlod at starting, freshening to 17 knots during tho race. Deforo the race the betting was 3 to i on the Reliance. Thero was L?f Sbamroclt II L, experts being disappointed with her work. Greece lias appealed to tho Powers to terml-1 nnte the excesses in Macedonia. Advices If®- Monastir stato that the Turks have massacred 200 prisoners. Greece complains that a Greek church and schools, and 322 houses, have been destroyed, anil that several Greeks have been killed. There aro indications that Greeco is ttylbK to concludo a military treaty with Turkey, which will enahlo her to annex Crete in return lor services. Tito Turks have captured a largo band of immi grants iu the Fiorina district, and tho peasants there are reported to be laying down tlieir arms According to "Tho Times," tho Sultan luts pro mised to employ Russian, Austrian, and Hun garian officials to effect a scheme of re-organlsa- tion. Tho Odessa correspondent of tho "Standard" . reports that Admiral Syrydioff has been in structed to hold the rest of the Blaolt Sea fleet in readiness. Opinion at Sofia, tho Bulgarian Capital, is that the arrival of tho Russian Squadron at Iuiada has encouraged tho revolutionists. The insurgents have burned Vosoliko, in East- em Adrianoplo, and also destroyed 12 villages. The principal officials wero captured. The captives were conveyed to Bulgaria, when the captors were arrested and out in gaol. Tho Cologno "Zeitung" states that Russia is satisfled with the Porto's reply to her demands, and has arranged to withdraw her fleet, Tho trial ot tho Humberts concluded on Satur day, the two principals being found guilty of fraud and forgery, and tho D'Aurlgnacs of com- plicity in extenuating circumstances. Both' tbo Humberts were sentenced lO flvo vears" solitary confinement, and were fined 10O francs, while Romain and Emilo xyAurlgnac were sentenced to imprisonment for tbreo years and two years respectively. A Blue-hook just issued shows that tho Cape, Canada, and Newfoundland adhere to the dccto sion of the Premiers' Conference not to publish the proceedings. Professors Hcwlns, Foxwel!, and other political economists, stato that Mr. Chamberlain s prefer ential trade proposals do not mean, a return to protection. At tho Imperial Commercial Congress banquet, Lord Brassoy said that Britain's problem was whether it would be possible by adding some taxfls and removing others to maintain tiio motherland's revenues without increasing tho cost of living. Tho Canadian Premier, Sir Wilfred Lauricr, stated that the motherland and the colonies equally loathed the idea of abandoning systems under which they had prospered immensely. . The Japanese Minister in London deprecates tho "panic stories" of war between Russia and Japan. Ho states that both are endeavoring to be conciliatory. A bill authorising a loan of £300,000 for the compensation of losses during the lato war has been read a first time In the Capo Parlia ment. The Czar, to whom tho claims ot foreigners against Venezuela wero referrred, has appointed Danish, Russian, and Swiss arbitrators to de cide their priority. The Government of Jamaica has asked Mr. Chamberlain to raiso a loan of £500,000 at, 3 per cent, to assist tho planters who suffered, by the recent cyclone. An American syndicate Is reported to havo made £1,400,000 out of tho July cotton corner at New Orleans. Last year Franco exported motor ears to the value of £1,200,000. Sir Edmund Barton stated yesterday that the Federal Government had decided not to oppose Mr. G. H. Rcid. Mr. Reid will speak at the Town-hall to-night. " It is stated in Melbourne that Sir Edmund Bavton intends to appoint two honorary Min isters in addition to Senator Playford. At a publio meeting at Bowral, a resolution was carried protesting against "the scandalous action ot tho Federal Government In their In famous proposals with regard to tho re-distrlbu- tion ot the electorates ot New South Jfalas." A number of officers in tho Customs Depart ment in this State having reached tho ago of 05, aro to be retired on September 30. Their names aro published to- day. At Nhill (Vic.) on Saturday, Mr. Irvine, the Victotian Premier, said that the Government would uudertako the compulsory resumption of estates for settlement, contending that it would bo a bulwark against Socialism. No fresh cases of smallpox having occurred at Launceston, the fumigation of malls from that city has beon discontinued. Speaking at Granville on Saturday night, Mr. R. F. Ritchie, of the Auburn Manufacturing and Engineering Works, said the introduction of day labor into tho "Government stroke" was killing private enterprise. The Minister for Lands proposes to shift the boundary of tho, Western Division of the State from 56 to 64 miles further cast. The addi tional area would bo 22,500,000 acres. Somo valuable stud stock which arrived by tho steamer Moravian have boon sent to quaran tine for 14 days. ' The efforts to stamp out swine fever In the State havo proved very successful. Two of the groat centres of bacon-curing have boon found to bo quite free. The Warrnambool to Melbourne cycling road race, a distance of 165 miles, was won on Satur day by tho New Zealander J. Arnst, from scratch, in seven hours 43 minutes. Tho principal event at tho Rosehlll races on Saturday was won by T.M.S., with Fireclay se cond, and Dromedary third. ... In the Lyndhurst Stakes at Rosehlll on Satur day. Macaroni II. broke a leg and was destroyed. As the ferry steamer Manly was crossing the / Heads on Saturday, a young married woman named Ellen Walsh, lately living at Burwood, jumped overboard. Two other passengers jumped overboard and rescued tho woman, but she died at the Sydney Hospital yesterday. Dudley Roy Hoden (12), lately residing In Mlt. chcll-strcet, North Sydney, was killed, by a fall of timber in a local yard on Saturday. Whilst being treated at the Sydney Hospital for phosphorus poisoning last night, an elderly woman named Sarah Cahlll attempted to swal low a brooch; The local Rugby football competition con cluded on Saturday. Eastern Suburbs, by tbelr defeat of Balrnain, winning tho premiership; - In tho other Rugby matches on Saturdiy, Glebe beat Western Suburbs, South Sydney beat Newtown, and University beat North Sydney. Tho French mall steamer Dumbea, which left Sydney on Wednesday last for Noumea, re turned to port yesterday, owing to an accident to her machinery. Passengers and cargo from tho Dumbea will, be taken to Noumea by the M.M. steamer Paci- fiquo on Wednesday. Tho stoamor Hauroto arrived at Sydney yes terday from the Islands, after a rough passage. She had to call, at Brisbane for coal. During tho veyago of tho Amerloan schooner M. Turner, which aijived los t over- from Port Townsond, a sailor was lost board. „ „ The Melaneslan mission stoamor Southern Cross left Sydnoy on Saturday for. Auckland.,, Cantain John Broomfleld, an old shipping Identity, died at Ma roaJdoaoo ot fiast Balrnain, pnsatur.dax. 