MANAGEMFNT OF THE DAIRY HERD. DR.. CHERRY's LECTURE AT BAccnus MARSH. ON Wednesday evening, 8th April, in the Mechanics' Institute, Dr. T. Cherry, M.D., M.S., &c.;, gave one of his always well considered and popularly delivered lectures upon the above subject, to an audience rather more numerous than usually assembles on such occasions. The President of the B.M. Agri cultural and Pastoral Society (Cr. W. H. M'Farlane, J.P.) occupied the chair, and commended those present for showing a good example to those who thought they knew enough, and who therefore stopped away. He had been dairying for a great many years, and was still pre pared to learn all that was acquired by the experience of men in all countries and localities. Dr. Cherry said he wished to em phasise a few points touched upon in his last lecture to them, and to h berep;.ifttle .wc om ik.nrl .fie that any animal only gave. profit from its food after its own bodily needs were supplied. It was differ ent to a machine in that respect, and it also wore out with age. Waste and repair were about equal for about three-parts of life, both in animals and human beings, and then the repair processes- begin to lag. It was necessary that a dairy farmer should know what were flesh formers,-and what were heat pro ducers, in the food he gave to his cows, in order to get the best results. A balanced ration should always be aimed at. The fertility of the land was the measure of success in ob taining from it the best results in fodder, therefore the utilisation of all the manure the animals gave was the keystone of success in man aging a dairy herd. Seeds of all plants contain more flesh formers than the green parts. Pod plants, clover, lucerne, have a most extra ordinary amount of flesh formers. This was found to be largely due to a fungus on their roots. Pastures should always contain -trefoils and clovers. Lucerne they knew and appreciated, as witness the prices they paid for lucerne land. Where ever he lectured he held up Bacchus Marsh as the place which had de veloped lucerne growing. About 10,000 acres of lucerne were being put in now in the area of the Rod ney Trust. . Throughout the north ern areas the growing of lucerne was extending, and that kind of farming would have a marked in fluence upon the future of Victoria. in dry seasons. For winter use, representatives of the same family should be grown. Peas and tares gave, flesh; oats, barley, or rye gave the sugar. That was the kind of balanced ration required. Maize should be grown to be fed alternately with lucerne. Maize should be cut when in the " glazing" stage-a little past the milk stage. It then contained 75 per cent. of moisture, 12 per cent. of sugar, and 1 per cent. of flesh formers. Flesh formers should be got from the lucerne, and the sugar from the maize. In the Goulburn valley they grazed the lucerne, but the best results (as they knew by their own practice) was to cut it. Every farmerwho had two acres of lucerne should have one acre of maize. The more farm yard manure you have for maize the better. It never does well-unless it makes a thriving con tinuous growth. The great point is to get it 'in the sprout'just after the late frosts have passed over. It requires about 7 inches of rain after being sown. Further north, amber cane or sorghum had to be substituted for maize, owing to de ficient rainfall. Maize matures sud denly, and late. After the tassels appear there is not much increase in height, but it improves wonder fully in value as a fodder. From the time the tassels appear it takes six weeks to form the cobs, and water is essential during that time. If you cut 10 tons of maize when it is tasseling you get less than one ton of dry niatter, but if you let it remain until the cobs are nearly ripe you will find your 10 tons in creased to 16, and with five times more nutriment in every ton. The mistake was often made of cutting maize too soon, and then farmers complained that their cows did not get much good out of it. Mangels required plenty of farm yard manure. Put in during Aug., they would last until the following August. M]angels gave the heaviest yield of any crop known. In Eng land they got 80 to 100 tons per acre. Its succulence made it most suitable for dairy cows. It was important tb remember that all animals with cloven hoofs and which chew the cud, had been fouhd, in all geological ages, to fre quent river flats. Animals with sqlid hoofs, as the quagga and hbrse, were always found on the harder uplands and deserts, where they had to subsist on drier foods. Consequently tlie cow had been pro vided by Nature with four stomachs in order to take ih a large quantity of soft soppy food. The horse, for the contrary -reason, had a very small stomach. They would there fore see that a cow required succu lent food always to accord with her past history. At one time-horses had three toes instead 'of one. The latter was due to being driven for subsistence upon the hills. A cow always responds to rich luscious grass in October and No -vember. Afterwards she got flesh formers in the grass seeds, but as these blew away or were eaten the remainder was merely grass straw, and the cows rapidly fell off; then it was that they wanted maize, and they could not give it during autumn and winter in a better form than as ensilage. That fodder had been discredited by " short cut" methods of making it. He found by a report dated 1884, written by those pioneer scientific farmers of -England, Gilbert and Lawes, who were both knighted for their ser vices, thiat they recommended the making of ensilage in exactly the way that the Americans now found to be most successful. They recom mended putting the crop to be made into ensilage through the chaff cutter; that the silo should be deep in proportion to its other dimen sions; and that the.air sliould be wholly excluded. If you get green which is the most valuable part of it. Cows will eat pit or stack ensil age because they like its juiciness, but they. do not get much benefit, except indirectly by enabling them to-digest dry food. The great object in making silage was to prevent any heating. When a chimney catches 'fire you keep the air away, and it goes out. If you keep air away from human beings they go out too. To keep air away from ensilage, cut it up small, so that it will pack tight. Then make your silo so that yotl can get it out easily. Round silos are the best ; they have no corners. Many silos were made the same as this hall-square, with inside but tresses ; all those corners increased the air spaces, thus causing com bustion, and the loss of the sugar. Round silos gave the greatest capac ity in proportion to wall space, and they were the strongest construc tion, especially if you build them like-a cask: The square silos ofter burst at the angles. Inside they should be perfectly smooth, to facil itate the rapid and close settling down all round. It should be con siderably higher than its diameter The greater the pressure the more air you squeeze out. The new American silo is the best. During the past 10 years mpre than half a million have beer erected. In 1894 Professor Henry of Wisconsin Agricultural college took up the matter, and designed what is called the Wisconsin silo (a working model of which was exhib It is formed of what the Americans call lumber uprights, about 30ft high, hooped round by half-inch boards, and lined inside witt tongued and grooved ceiling boards about -ths thick, faced next the up rights with P. & B. ruberoid lining paper to exclude the air. A silo 13ft. in diameter, and 25ft. high would cost ,£10 r £11 for material A man and a boy could make it in 8 to 12 days. In such a silo 10( tons of silage would contain 12 tons of sugar, and would not deteriorate by keeping. In a stack they would get little more than half the sugar and the hay would deteriorate, s, the wooden silo would soon pay for itself. Such a silo, lined with iron and whitewashed, would last a life time. An elevator to fill the silh could be devised with the aid o reaper and binder belts. The silo should be filled about 4ft. per day At present Mr. A. J. Black, of Noo rat, was cutting 50 acres of maize and chaffing it .by horse power The horses cut all the morning and then worked the chaffcutter for the rest of the day, a round silb being used. You can commence to use the silage three weeks after the silo has been filled. Take tyo inches deep off the top all round; then mouln does not form. If you don't partic ularly want it, the silage will keel indefinitely if you keep the rain oun of it. It would not deteriorate s< much as a hay stack, and it did no suffer from birds and mice. Al these things had to be considered and also the convenience of getting out just as much silage as war wanted without any trouble. He wished them to remembel the importance of keeping the cowi warm in winter. We all burn ui three-parts of our food to keep our selves, warm, and if you can east the demand for heat the cow wil respond by givingmore milk. Rug. ging had come into general use It gave an average yield of 15 to 2. per cent. more milk on the sam. food. Rugging taught that import ant fact. -Then they could stud more efficient means. He held thai housing was more efficient. It kepi the cows warmer, and it enabled the farmer to get the manure, and preserve it from loss by weathei agencies. Land must be kept fertile by thE cheapest and most constantly ap plied methods, or the supply o0 fodder could not bekept up regularly all the year round, and that wai what,they must aim to do. There was not much differencE between cow manure and stablE manure. It was popularly sup posed that cow manure was of littl value, but that was because it wai not properly saved. Cow manure was worth at -least 716 per ton, but to get it the cows must have a good i shed for night shelter, and good bedding. (The lecturer showed a model of a waggon-roof barn, with cow shed beneath.) It was designed to be 32ft. long, and. more sections could be added on at either end, or both ends, as the need for more ac commodation arose. He put a 10ft. roadway in the centre, with a centre drain taking off all the drainage. The cows stood tail to tail. It was •a bad plan to put thenp head to head, as they each poisoned the air they breathed. The best air was .near the walls, because the best ventila tion was there by means of windows. The manure should be taken out daily; and ploughed in daily, as that made it of much more value, besides being more cleanly. The floor should be paved, blocked, or concreted. Such a barn and shed could be built for £3 to £3/10/ per cow accommodated, and a rug would cost 12/ to 20/, and you don't get the manure, nor the barn, so that the shed was by far the most economical expenditure. Each cow housed would_ give abut 5 tons of said;, 7/6 per ton for use to fertilise the cultivation paddocks. Swan Brothers, at Warragul, had a shed such as he recommended, and when he was there in December he noticed that the cows, although it was warm weather, were reluctant to leave it. Dry earth should be freely used, as it increased the quantity and value of the manure. Econo mise the straw in that way. It was most important to test the milk value of each cow. Don't guess. If you are selling butter fat' you should have a slate or card, and a spring balance. Weight all your buckets to 3!b., and hang the .full bucket on the scale; then put down the weight for each cow.: Put each cow's name at the top of the column, and days of the week along the side. Keep a sample of each cow's milk, and get it tested at the factory. Generally you will find that you did not know-which was your best cow. Some cows will. yield more than others, but will not last so long. Cows were not machines. That was where skill came in to build up a dairy herd. Don't go on the pedigree, or show points, but actual weights of product. Steadily improve the milking value of the herd by trying to have the heifer a better cow than her mother. Pay attention to the bull. No money gave a better return than a good sire. At one of the Ameri can experimental stations the cows were averaging 300 gallons a head a year, and during 13 years no famn.l hadl haan intrndiitud.vt; bh introducing sires of the ilkin strain the value of the cows had been brought up to 700 gallons per head, all by the sires in 13 years. You must know what each cow was yielding before you' utilised the sire properly. By care, and good treatment, you can keep up the yield of milk from your dairy fairly uniform all the year round, and that is all essential to preserve the export trade. Prices of fodder had been high, from a variety of causes, but they were likely to come down, and then they would find it unprdfitable to sell their crops, instead of turning them into milk and butter. Uniform production meant the uniform cheque by keeping the London market equally supplied. At present very little butter was going' to London; it was all going up north. To keep the butter price up they must not let the Danes monopolise the market. They sent the price up in London 4/6 per cwt. last week by combination. They were able to do that because Danish butter had caught the preference of 10 or 12 millions of working people in the Midlands and Northern counties of England. The men got good wages, and lived well, and preferred the Danish butter to any other. They did not care if it was a Id. or 2d. per lb. dearer. In London there were different conditions. That was a place where people flocked, to spend their money. It was different-to any other part of the world. One firm alone, the A.B.C. Bread Co., whichhad large restaurants; used a ton of butter every day. There were 5 millions of people in London to be fed every day from outside sources. If Victorians can secure the Lon don market there would be no diffi cdlty about price; but you must send the best article, and send it regularly. At" present Victorian' butter could only be got in London during four or five months in the year, and regular customers had to look elsewhere for regular supplies, therefore the Victorian butters had to go to the auction rooms. The best Victorian butter was quite equal to the Danish, but that was no use without regular supplies. The London market was unsur passed for prices. He had seen grapes sold there at 5/ and 7/6 per lb., and pine-apples at a guinea each. To ensure regularity of output the Victorian dairy farmer must work his operations in a circle-first the manure, then the fodter, then the milk, and so oh, back again to the manure, nothing omitted or post poned, but everything working like clockwork. The Danes did ,it, al though frozen out for a third of the year, and so must the Victorians. - Mr. Chomley asked if the: silo could'be re-filled when half empty? Dr. Cherry: Yes; you will lose albout 3 inches. Cr. Molesworth Greene : I-Iow will the smell from a housed herd affect the milk next morning ? Dr. Cherry: Good ventilation is essential, also the use of dry earth. At Bayswater the Salvation army have a shed of the kind I recom mend, and it is really cleaner than this hall. In Denmark they have sheds constantly in use, and they never cart out the accumulated manure during the whole winter. They keep covering it up with dry earth, of which large quantities are kept on hand for that purpose. In Switzerland they do the same thing. The President of the Shire (Cr. T. Cain, J.P.) proposed a vote of thanks to Dr. Cherry for hib excel lent lecture. If he (the speaker) were a young man, going to com mence dairying, he would follow Dr. Cherry's advice in every partic ular. Dairying had extended over the colony, but there had not been such;.,impjovgentin methods.. down very clearly and ably by Dr. Cherry, and they should all follow it as far as their means permitted. The Government was doing good work in employing Dr. Cherry in this way. Cr. Molesworth Greene, J.P., seconded the vote with pleasure. He.had five or six dairy farms in Gippsland, which he was working on the shares system, and he was much interested in, and highly pleased with, Dr. Cherry's lecture. There was no reason why-Victorians should not beat the Danes. They had the advantage of climate, and they only needed more earnestness in finding out the best methods, arid in following them up without relaxing their efforts for a day, in order to get that best incentive to well- doing-a constant market, and a good price. Dr. Cherry thanked them for their vote,of thanks, and for their close attention. The whole subject was a big one, and he had only in dicated a few main aspects of it. There was scarcely a limit to 'what they could get out of their land by working the dairying industry for all they could put into it. Every crop a man sold took fertility right out of his property for ever, and if he did not feel it his children would. It was not so with dairying. Ani mals of every kind, especially cows, were great restorers of fertility if their manure was properly treated, not otherwise. Butter fat did not come out of the soil (except in directly from the fodder consumed) which was utilised to promote the growth of fodders of all kinds, but in order that plants should do that they must grow luxuriantly, and to do that there must be vigorous root action, and to get that they must restore to the land the manure taken from it. Therefore the housing of cattle was far more than a matter of warmth to the cow. By feeding 1 calves or pigs upon skim milk they got a second shot at what they got out of the atmosphere. He repeated again that the manure they could I save in their own stables and sheds and pigstyes was the keystone to l successful sustained effort. It kept them and their stock always moving. I Buying artificial manures was only an artificial method, after all, and it was seldom sustained with suf ficient regularity. The Canadian Government was now offering 150 acres of virgin country free to all immigrants, and that was causing a great exodus from the United States because the lands there were r becoming exhausted, as much of the land in Victoria was. The new set tlers in Canada could crop that land for 20 years, and then the manur ing would have to commence. i Dairy farming involved more labour t than any other kind of farming, but it gave be1tter returns, and steadily Simproved the value of the land, always provided ithat the manure Swas properly utilised, and that cul Stivation and grafss paddocks were treated in rotation, and the best re Ssults secured by the useof ensilage and the other means of improving 3 the standard of quaility of the cows Swhich hehad indicated to them. Supplementry notes, supplied by Dr. Cherry at our request: The proper amount of moisture for green stuff to contain when it is made into silage is about 75 per cent. This can betested by cutting V up 101bs. of the green stuff into fine Schaff, drying it in an oven, or on a sheet of iron in the hot sun, and then seeing if the residue amounts to about 2½lbs. If it is either too dry or too wet, silage does not keep so well; if too dry, it is apt to go mouldy; if too wet, it ferments too much. As the silo is filled, the chaff should be trodden down as fast as it comes into it. If the top is then watered a dense felt-work of moulds will grow on it, and this is said to act as a protection for the deeper layers. - Lucerne is not (so far as I can find out) made into silage in Amer ica, the farmers finding it best to make the lucerne into hay. Clover is said to be more difficult to turn into good silage than maize, being very liable to go sloppy. Professor Henry suggests allowing it to wilt one day before filling into the asilo. I: think the best:plan ' would: be to cut the first crop of lucerne and weeds for home consumption in the form of hay, and, grow. a crop of maize for the silo. About 401bs. silage is as much as dairy cows will take profitably a day; and it ought to form part of the ration, the balance being made up of oaten or lucerne hay. The cheapest ration in the world is said to be that used in parts of California :-171bs. lucerne hay; 401bs. maize silage. This is suffi cient to keep the cow without any pasturage whatever, containing rather more than the requisite . 2.5 lbs. of protied, and 12.5 of carbohy drate. Maize should be cut when the grains have passed the milk stage, and are beginning to glaze. If put through the cutter it does not mat ter how coarse the stems are, as the: total weight of dry matter is 'about the same, whether the crop is thin or thick. For hay, the maize should be sown thick, so as to have thin stems. Wh tamoend to the above. report in the Aulstralchsian of 18th April, as they have a bearing upon the im portant question of varied fodders to make a balanced ration, especi ally in drought times: "During the progress of the Philippine war it was found that the horses imported into the islands would not eat the native hay, which is extremely coarse, and not very nutritious. A trooper happened to sprinkle some molasses on the hay, and it was found that then the troop horses ate it with relish. Since that time molasses has been put on the hst as a regular cavalry ration, and for nearly two years it has been tried with much success in Louis iana, for feeding horses, mules, and other stock. " Sugar mules," as they are called, are worth from 20 to 25 per cent. more than the mules on cotton plantations, which are fed generally on cotton-seed and cotton seed meal. The difficulty in the' way of utilising molasses for stock feeding has been the -trouble in lhandling and transportation, but' this has been overcome, as I learn from the Horseman, U.S.A. Since the improved process in the manu facture of sugar has extracted more of the saccharine from the molasses than formerly, this by-product has been almost worthless in Louisiana, and it has beep a problem how to get rid of it. The American invent ors are not the sort of men to allow any material to go to waste that can by any possibility be utilised. Six months ago a factory was erected for the manufacture of cattle food simple. The molasses is mixed with corn or oats in nearly equal pro portions. The mixture is pressed into a solid mass, dried, and then ground into a fine powder. Horses, mules, and cattle are very fond of it, i and do better on this food than on any other. They keep fat, and are capable of extraordinary work in hauling heavy leads. The factory turns out 150 tons of the prepared food per day. It is rapidly finding I its way into other States as one of i the best of cattle fodders. The out put of molasses in Louisiana is from 30 to 50 millions of gallons of mo lasses, the greater portion of which has hitherto been thrown away or ' burned with-the begasse and other I waste. The utilisation of such an immense quantity of the very finest I of stock foods in one State is a very important matter. Probably not a 1 gallon of molasses will be wasted in the future in any sugar-producing part of the world." The above paragraph is also im portant as showing a way by which the refuse pulp from beet-sugar could be dried, and ground up, and: sent long distances as an ingredient to add to inferior bulk fodders to make them palatable and nutritious. 