Affairsin Japan. ,Mi w. COLE INTERVIEWED. Fresh Marquis nor;; Saga from interviews with the Uo, from valedictory djnwith Baron Kodania, Viscount Messrs Sakatani Ukii-hi and other leading Japanese citizens. Mr. I- VV. Cole arrived ju Melbourne on -Monday after a nine months lour of •Japan and the eastern islands. Mr Cole, who was accompanied by his wife and daughter, explains that lie travelled with " humanitarian intentions," t,r to collect, evidence in connection with the question of a "white Australia." Nevertheless, Ins observations on matters of general concern are \>ry interesting. "'I here is a strong feeling against Russia 111 Japan," says Mr. Cole. "Russian advances in Manchuria are the subject of daily discussion in the Japanese press and amongst publie men, for there is a conviction that if Russia is successful in consolidating her interests in Manchuria it will only be a matter of time for her to secure Corea. There is a good deal of trade between Japan and that peninsula.: Japan ha huge interests there, ans^settled a good population in the territory whereas at present Russia has little or no claims of the same kind. It was started m the Japanese news- papers a little while ago that Russia had agreed to give Japan complete power in Southern Corea, providing 1 hat she w as allowed to have Manchuria and northern Korea Japan does not want that. Later on it was said that Russia had proposed to take Manchuria and allow Japan Korea. As to the truth of the report I cannot sav. There is not the slightest aoubt that Russia intends to have Manchuria, and the feeling amongst most people is thai she is there to stay. The Siberian railway was not made for the pur pose of trade. People who have travelled over it say that a great quantity of arms and ammunition are being carried to the East, and that in all respects it is a military line. The Marquis lt 0 showed me a letter received by him from an American, in which it was stated that the writer had seen one train laden with 120 guns. Japan is making every preparation in the event of hostilities. " 1 was speaking with the captain of one of the men-o'-War at a dinner given to us aboard," continued Mr Cole. " 1 asked him : 'J low do you think you could meet Russia '.' He replied, ' I have been six years in Russia, and 1 know very little about her army, but I know a good deal about her navy, and I know that its internal management is very bad. 1 don't fear them.' Then be set his teeth and added, 'We could fight them.' " The story of this belliger ent Japanese is told to illustrate his countrymen's extreme confidence. > il'iaiuiijj, ui Lin uv > uni[>inv m w Western civilisation in Japan, Mr Cole observes that there is a "great rage" amongst Japanese to learn English. Moreover they are learning it very quickly a nit very generally Ev idence of Western ideas is to be everywhere. The people have a great respect for the English, but, nevertheless, there appears to be a growing idea of "Japan for the Japanese' "Right away in the back Districts,'; Mr. Cole continues, "the schools are as numerous and forward as they ar^ in the principal towns. Count Okania who is generally looked upon as being the second man in Japan, has founded schools which are attended by 50(10 scholars, and English is be ing taught in all of them. Education in various manufactures is also being attended to. I went to a school oneafternoon, and found a teacher lecturing to 25 or 30 young men upon international law." Technical, military aim engineering colleges arc springing up throughout the country, and the interest displayed in his '"' u'iies by the young Japanese, as well as bis all-round aptitude, struck Mr. Cole as being remarkable. Manufactures of all kinds are beinu developed. Tokio has rapidly increased its population to 1,700,000, and in other cases the towns have trebled their populations within ; fi<w vearfc. With the spread of Wes tern ideas the Hi.ooo.ooo of people in Japan, 3lr, Cole considers, must rapidly develop instruction and find improved outlets for both themselves and their goods. So far as Auslralian trade with Japan is concerned, Mr. Cole, who believes that a "while Australia" is impossible, cannot help dwelling fit length upon what he considers to be the injustice of the presem means of restricting Japanese and other immigration. That legislation, he says, must check, interchange between the two countries. Nevertheless, he thinks, that there are great possibilities in the direction of an increased export of meats, butter and jam to Japan. Cattle and sheep are raised there with great difficulty, and the demand for meat- is steadily growing. Returns have shown that those fed on meat died in the navy have increased in weight and height, and as the Japanese are very anxious; to grow to a larger stature meat is highly favored. American, Du^ch, French and Danish butter is to be obtained in Japan as well as a little Cole thinks, should be able to find a good market, always providing,, of course, that she can compete with other exporting countries in the mat- ter of price. —Melbourne "Age." Wolfe's Schnapps is at "once a beverage and a medicine.* 