CENERAL INFORMATION. ? ? ? r.j-r ? — . Tho cost of St. Poter's, in Rome, was over £14,000,000. Each person in the civilised world consumes an average of 80- lbs. of meat yearly. . ? 4= — It is estimated that tho death-rato of tho world is 67 a minute, and tho birth rato 70 a minute. Tho population of Zululand is a bout 150,000 of whom -only. 500 are Europeans. Reed pens, split at the ends like quill pens, hdve been found in Egyp tian tombs, dating probnbly 2500 B. C, ' ♦ ' '-: ' _ A sugar company in Hawaii ex pects to produce an average of five tons of sugar per acre for its whole property of 4,600 acres. The world's ships; carry 180,000, 000 tons of merchandise a year, and of this one-quarter by weight is coal and one-tenth, wheat. In Hungary, a black cloud sudden ly obscured the sky, and a shower of greenish, opalescent -insects began to : . descend, covering the ground to a depth of a foot. Chinese ' immigration to Australia has almost entirely. ceased. Mast ers of. vessels are forbidden under a heavy penalty, to bring more than one Chinaman to every 300 tons. . ? Danish railways are now being supplied with Canadian coal by the Dominion Coal Company, which hits secured contracts in Europe for the supply of 50,000 tons of fuel. : ♦ AU the descendants of Brigham -Young, the founder of Mormonisq, ' are to meet at Salt Lake City, Utah They will include 47 children, 29 4 ; grandchildren, and 745 greatgrand children, ' - ? ? . In. the schools of Japan the Eng lish language is required to be tau ght by law. The Japanese youth in the open ports and commercial cit ies are all eager to learn 'English as a passport to wealthy position; and employment. I 7 — 515— I Some ot the wooden churches of Norway are fully 700 years old,, and are still in an excellent state of pre servation. Their timbers have suc cessfully resisted the frosty and al most Arctic winters because they have been repeatedly coated with tar ;»:? ? . !? ? Gigantic -water ? - power develop ments are projected in the Alps. There are now in the French Alps 48 factories supplied by 250,000 horse-power, electrically generated.] Engineers estimate that 3,000,00ft | horse-power is now running ta nasts* In the Alps. ' ? ? ' - :r ?- !? , , At Buda-Pesth the wooden pave ments of a whole street has jusfi bccn..stolen in broad daylight and in! view of the police. The thief ap»; peared in the forenoon with a gang -of: labourers, whom he ordered to - pull up the pavement, which- he, sold forthwith, promptly decamping- with the/proceeds. —V — ' .. The: two oldest secret trade proces ses now in existence are said to be the manufacture of Chinese^ red, or. vermilion, and the method of inlay ing tho hardest steel with gold and silver, which seems to have- been practiced at Damascus ages ago, and . is known only to the, Syrian smiths, and their pupils even to -this day, ' — ± ; ? At 5 years of, age boys, are gener ally taller, than, girls ; but the girls appear to equal them at. the eleventh year, . after which'' the. boys rise a gain above the girls for two- years. At about twelve years. the- girls sud denly- become taller than the boys, continuing until -tho* fifteenth year, when the boys regain their super- . ?iority in stature. .!? . One of ' the. peculiar , features of - trade in- China is .-the great quantity of old iron- imported— plates, tubes, waggon tires, horseshoes, railway '. spikes, wire rope, hoops, and. general scrap-iron. This; is worked over, welded together : and put to various - uses in the small. blacksmith shops throughput, the , country. It illust rates the Intenso economy ot the ' people and 'the- small-, value of labor. 