kOMD ABOUT LONDON. LONDON FOREIGNERS "DAY BY DAY." , . HOW CANADA CAPTIVATES THE PUBLIC. AUSTRALIA'S NEED FOR A HIGH COMMISSIONER. (FROM OUIl SPECIAT, CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, February 13.— It is more than probable that something will be done during the Parliamentary session which opens on Tues day next in emulation of Australia's legislation for the restruction of alien Immigrants. Not only, too, nre two leading London dally papers conducting a vigorously aggressive cam paign against the liook-noscd and frowsy "strangers within our gates," but politicians and public men of all parties and professions arc flooding tlie newspapers generally with inter views and letters against that unrestricted ad mission into England of undesirable foreigners of the diseased, pauperised, criminal, nnd vicious classes. The hospital records show a larger proportion in foreign patients than the num bers in the community would justify. That is speaking of London only, because I do ndt know v hat the figures relating to the provinces are. The workhouses anil charitable institutions tell" a similar tale' In regard to the pauper depend ents. More serious still are the facts relating to the criminal' and the vicious. With a population of 5 per cent, of the total, foreigners have a record ot 14 per cent, of convictions. Many of those thus convicted are exiled criminals from foreign countries, who have found an asylum in England. It only needs the bringing out of facts like these to arouse nubile indignation against a system which is making England the dumping-ground for tho refuse of tlie rest of the world. AN ENTIRELY NEW POSITION. It is all very well to say that England owes her vitality, hc-r virility her industrial develop ment, her financial aud commercial supremacy, and many of the other great qualities which go lo make this most marvellous and most pros perous of all nations to her old-time foreign immigration, it is true that many of England's staple industries owe their origin to the ulicn immigrants and refugees of tlie Danish, Huguenot, Lombardiau, and other races, who found in Eng land the political and industrial freedom unob tainable in their own countries. But in thoso days' every other country was an asylum for the nerrccuted man who had to flee from his own country. Nowadays every country exercises its sovereign rights to exclude undesirables except England. If England could deport its povcrey- stricken, its diseased, and its vicious classes to the other countries of Europe, it would be an offset to those of the came classes that it gels from abroad, but the reciprocity is ail on one ; side. Not only every country In Europe, but the United States of America and even England's own seif-governlng colonies in Canada, Aus tralia, and South Africa place limitations upon undesirable Immigration. England alone imposes no restrictions. The position, therefore, is uu entirely new one to that which existed when religious und political persecution drove hordes of poor hut strenuous, Industrious, and brainy refugees to seek sanctuary in England. Tho men and women of that class now find their way to the United States und Canada; the refuse which ncitlior tho United States nor Canada will admit find their way to the East End of London. THE VALUE OF IMMIGRATION. Canada, by the way, realises to a degree which I could hope Australia would emulate, the value ol stimulating immigration to an extent that recognises no limitation. ' Canada believes that if population poured in at the rate of ten tlmc3 tlie number that ever came into the country' before, it would be richer by the possession of more men and more energy, greater production, nnd increased employment, and increased and more varied industries. :Tho Canadians believe that every desirable immigrant, so far from in creasing competition In the labor market, pro vides more labor for those already there. Every immigrant who lands in Canada is a consumer of articles produced by Canadians. He wants a room to sleep in, clothes to wear, food, to cat, and tools to use In his occupation. Although he may be a competitor In the particular line in which lie is employed with those of his craft al ready located In Canada, tho expenditure of his earnings gives employment to the members of every other craft but his own. USING THE PRESS. The best, organised, and probably tile most ex pensive, department of Canadian Government ad ministration is the Immigration Department, it not only has nn office in London, which is fully maniicn, anu lurongeu tinny Dy wouia-De immi grants, but it has lecturers and agents covering tihe whole of the United Kingdom, and agencies in every part of the United Kingdom. It is a de partment which works in cordial co-operation with evory steamship line running to Canada, and with every Canadian railway company. It has also a branch which, under tho direction of tho High Commissioner for Canada and the Superin tendent for Immigration, keeps the press of Eng land, Scotland, and Ireland' lully- supplied with interesting and opportunely furnished Informa tion regarding Canadian affairs 60 far as they may interest English, Scottish, or Irish readers. During the past 13 months I havo had excep tional opportunities of seeing the inner working of London newspaper offices, and nothing lias impressed mo more than tho contrast between the methods pursued by the Canadian High Com missioner's office and those of ' the .Australian Agents-General for keeping their respective coun tries before tho public. Let me take tho ex perience of one leading London morning news paper as ail illustration. During last month tlio amount of contributed information specially pre pared for the particular purposes of tho paper to which It was sent averaged three-quarters of a column of the Sydney "Daily Telegraph" pgr day/ During the same period the total Information furnished, to tho same paper by the seven AgenW- Gencral for Australasia was exactly equivalent for three-quarters of a column for, the whole mon|h. Of course, nothing like the whole of the mat/cr furnished by the Canadian High Conimissloier over found Its way Into print, but a more cureliry examination of the 'flics of that newspaper will show that nearly 20 times as much officially .fur nished Canadian information ae Australaslan/afii-. cially 'furnished information is published/ I have not the sariie intimate knowlodge of tho provincial press of England, but I beliov the disparity there is even greater. / . Ot course, I fully recognise tho fact tli/t Ca nada lias tho advantage of speaking wl/h one voice for the whole ot tho provinces thnf mako up the Dominion. If anything ever appears in tjie nowspapors or anything is over s/id by a public man derogatory to Canada's interest, tho championship of Canada is at once asiumcd by the Canadian High Commissioner. It/a similar situation arises in connection with Au/tralla, ns, for Instance, in tho case of the Wilsin articles in tho "Daily Mail," during the past jfcok, there i3 no one person specifically chargf/1 with the responsibility of dofonding a3 a whob the seven I colonics of Australasia, which were/attacked us a whole, What is the business of given Agouts- 1 General is the business of no on o./ When Sir l William Lyno was Premier ol New pouth Wales, I ho appointed a Sydney journalist s an attache to the Agent-General's office, to ,do tlie work i which Is so well dono by that branck of the Cana dian office to which I have already referred. Tho idea was a good one, but it fall/d In practical application. There is no scope for seven press contributors on behalf of soven colonics, with an aggregate population of five millions, us against Canada's one press representative for a whole Dominion, with a population of seven millions. ONE SUPREME CENTRAL AGENCY. Tho obvious solution of the difficulty is ilie ap pointment of an. Australian High Couinilesloner. Such an offlclnl representative communicating with any English Minister, or member of Par liament, or with tlie editor ot any E/igiish nows- papor, would do so with the status jo! being the reprosontatlve of the whole Commonwealth. Hfs i advont, of course, would not bo welcomed by the Agonts-Goneral. each of whom very naturally and very properly Is Inclined to m/golfy the Im portance of his own sectional offiio. But while they mny suffer by being provincialised, Australia t as a whole wouJd gain by beyg nationalised In the public estimation. If Australia ha3 any desire to maintain its financial credit in the Lon don market. If It has in view any schemo for the fcderalisation of Its State debts, !f it wishes to enlarge aud Improve Its opportunities In the English market in the way of wool, wine, moat, dairy, and other produce, it can best do so through ono supreme central agency. Each State may havo its own agency as well, just as aw\i province in Canada lias its own agency. To the average English investor, and to the average English importer of Australasian produce, there Is practically no recognition of State territorial divisions. To most of them, Australia is a whole, and Australia's interests can be best serv ed in this country by ono who represents Aus tralia as a whole. 