LOCAL AND GENERAL ITEMS. Obdeb of Salkh. — Tho order of snlcs at Camp bell's Hill on Monday next will bo : — J. N. Brunker and Son, 1; O.K. Young, 2; J. G. Markhnm, 3; Carr Bros., i; E. W. Sparks, 5 ; J. Enright, C. Fedebaii Band. — Ths Federal Band will perform on the Maitland Park to-morrow afternoon, com mencing at the usual time. A good programme is promised. A collection will bo taken up to swell the band fund*. CoNauEOATioNAt, Chubch. — A special family ferries is advertised for to-morrow ereninfc, when Eev. J. Bongera will preach on the interesting sub ject, ' Husbands and Wives,' There is a cordial invitation to families. The subject announced for the morning is ' What Earth teaches Heaven.' Tub Statistical Eeqistbb.. — We hare from thS Statistician copies of the Statistical Register for 1901 and previous years — Farts XVI — Agriculture, grazing and dairying, forestry, water conservation, fisheries and mining; part XV., Hospitals and Cburities; part XVI., Land Settlement (section II. Rural Holdings). St. Paoi/s Entebtainhbkt. — Ths customary monthly entertainment in connection with St. Paul's Church will bo held in the Parish Boom on Monday evening. Kindergarten songs and games will bo giren by over 30 little children, who hare been specially trained, and an enjoyable entertainment is promised. St. Paul's Sports. — Attention is directed to an advertisement which appears elsewhere in this issue to the effect that St. Paul's Sports will bo held on Anniversary Day, the 2Cth insfc, on the Albion Criekot Ground. The sports will include a cricket match, cycle races, boys' races, girls' skipping con tests, placing the shot, and quoits for men and boys. Special prizes hare been given by Messrs. G. Kodwell and Owou Youngman. Concert tickets admit bearer to sports at half-price. iMrouTANT Horse Sale at Sinqlbton.— Our Singleton representatives writing this morning stftts that at Foster's Yards yesterday, Messrs. Donry York nnd Sons conducted a very successful sale of horsas, 43 head being disposed of. There was a good assemblage of buyers, and competition was active for nil suitnblo lots. Draughts made up to J22O, MUJ UU1U|£ IU LUt] HUUJJU Ul Ifc UUUCUU UUgr^y I1ULBU UL hackney made to £16. Ponies were good property, realising to .28 10s, old and inferior sorts woro dull ef sale. Methodist Oiiuech, West MAiTLAND,--To-raorrow evoning in the Methodist Church, the Bar. P. J. Stephen begins a short serios of sermons on ' Phases of Womon's Lite.' The subject of tho first is ' Woman us a Drudge.' West Maitland Police Coubt. — At tho above named court this morning, before Mr. W, B. Smith, P.M.. Alexander Hollmriok, alias W. Q. M'Kenzie (28, clerk), and Charles Akin, alias James Scott (34, clerk), «ra charged with having, in company, at Inverell, on tbo 10th of January, 1903, forged a cheque on the Commercial Banking Co. of Sydney, Ltd., Inverell branch, for .£5 12s, purporting to be signed by John Anderson, grazier, near Inveroll,and uttering the cheque to Percy Weuton, draper, of Inverell, with intent to defraud. — No less than three wnrrants were produced from Inrerell, nnd the ac cused wcro remanded to that town. As Qtiier8 See Ub. — Tho American Exporter speaks thus of Australian borrowing and financial prospects :— ' The credit of the separate colonies has oeon excenuea to close upon tno clangor mark. The country has grown too fast, on borrowed money, without a corresponding development of tho interior. In the two and a half years ending Juno, 1902, tho loans raised amongst tho six States of the now Fade ration totalled X27,249,000, representing an increased indebtedness of over £7 per head of the population, Beaklcss has boen the term appliod in some quarters to the1 expenditure of borrowed money, and with such astounding flguroa confronting it, the Fedoral Parliament is exceedingly anxious to curtail tho borrowing powers of the Qorernmont, although tho vuiium obiicuH Huum i-o us as recKiess as over widb their expenditure of borrowed money, lhe tariff recently passed is a drastically protective one, and tho high rates of duties nro rendered necessary by tho absolute want of revenue and the knowlodgo that the London money market cannot long remain open to them. A high protective tariff on good* in' daily need will only add to the living expenses of tbo residents, while succeeding but little in solving the financial ills. Australia's trouble lies in a groat measure in the lack of natural resources, and iu the failuro to sooure a creditable immigration.' The addition to tha public debt for tho three years ended Juno 30, 1002, was not so great as the Exporter estimates (it was about £4, lls) j but sinco last Juno, the total indebtedness haB boen further increased. Dan Babbt's Dbaitatio Company.— Tho woll dessrved popularity of, tho much- travelled and versatile comedian Dan Barry was largely exem plified last evening by tho crowded attendanoo at tho Town. Hall, upon which occasion tho drama entitled ' When tho Sea gives up its Dead' wns produced under Dan's cheerful direction, Tho drama \b described on tho bills as ' thrilling, realistic and up-to-date' ' It is all that— and more. It is perplexing. Most of us have, we supposo, experienced that utfcor unsafcfsfaotion and coufusodnoBa derired from perusing a book without a vcgiumu^! UOWIU Ml U1IUUIU, UUll UUJJ1 1 VUU OI eUU. XUO ocean's ilotsam and jotaam, when it wns done with it, was not vqry clear. In the piny, nnd ' tho plny's the thing,' tbero nro tho lovera, the jealous woman — withbut romorse— the villain, the knock-about friend who turns up 'just in tho niokof time,' nnd tho usual accessories, without which mummery is incomplete. There wore shootings nnd murders, a ship afire, peoplo in distress on a sen of paintod canvftB and hardwood boards, nnd a glovo contest. With\nll those extraneous aids Mr. Barrydid himself and tlio audieuoo good, as frequent bursts of npplauso, laughter, .and soul- stirred hooting, tho latter nimed nt tho villain, thnnk goodness, testified. Tho uudesirabld indiridual was tho Rov. Horaco Vornon, pourtrnyed very finely by an old acquaintance, Mr. Harry Stonehnm, who has a lien on theoo parts. Mr. Barry wns for the moment Bob Napper, who had the happy nnok of turning up nt tho psychological moment) nnd as Paul Dolby (a goutlamnn with a very 'dirty' left; in tho vornnculnr of tho ring), Mr. B Holyford filled tho bill. .Mi. Reg. Rode, as Adam Howgate, wns a pretty httlo intorprotation, and Mr. T. Porter; as an Australian aboriginal, got as drunk as capably and ns frequently as oppor cunicios . ouored. Tliou, ns tho voracious chroui olor of facts puts it, ' churo wero others,' but to quoto another oft-quotod phrase, thoy were ' too numerous to specify.' Tho horoino, Kato Holly, wns admirably dopicted throughout by Mies Glndys Grant, and as her rival, Janci 'Howgato (Alias Lila Byford), did remarkably fine biwlnoBH, upon which sho is to bo complimoutod. A word of praino is duo to Littlo Cissy (^Ethol Groenaway), but per haps best of all, sometimes, wns Mifig liitu Aalin nh Mrs. Mnlonoy, n ludy whoso nntionulity wnr- dietin Ruinhod in an absorbing lovu for strong wiitors. Tho )iojo was well mounted and well onjoyod, and Dan Barry is over wolcomo to Maitland. The H.P. Book Ct.un. — 'Nemo' writes: This use ful institution in holding on thu oven tuuor of ita way. Quietly and unobtrusively it lins boon doing it own good work for nigh 11 decade, providing tho menus whoroby ita (?catttcrod members, many of whom nro bi'yond tho rench of other help, may keep iu oIoho touch with the latest, phnso of thouglit in thu theological world nn-l thn mnnfc recent reuuHu of tho Uijjhor Criticism and at » cost phenomenally juw hi mo meiuiicro. rno reimltn lor ljloa are now beforu un. Thinking thoy might interest somu ifQiuit many rnndurs we jil'ileo them within reiich of nil. During the year there woro 32 mombei'B. the ideal number for u' book club Hiieh i\a this, paying 10a (id enuh. Knuli book is available for :i month, and thus a year's rending is provided. The balnnco-nhuot for 1002 presouts' us with tha following ligures which tell an eloquent tali) to those who can road them might. Credit rnib Ruriptionn, JMi tia; finoa for kcopiiifj boolcn over- tiuio. 7s ; fialu of bciokn ill 17b (id ; total rceoipts, jEH 10a (id. Debtor, uett eoat of booki, Jii 2a (id ; distri bution und pootnge, 5a lid, bahiuco in hnnd for dividond, M 2a Od ; groiw dividend por month, 6a 10a ; nvorngo cost pur mombor for enrringo betwocn Nowcaidloiu tho south, and Mnnilla in thu north, 1h .'Id, leaving a nott dividend Hay 5s Od per mombor. Those figures speak. They bear a eplomlid testimony to tho bonelils of co-operation. For fis in 1002 orory mombor of tlio club hn.i had n year's rending of tlio best and freuhent theological output of tho publishors. Our coelc crowa tho cheapest club in crcntion. Hut it has boen found that tin; drought:, which, him told in f.o many wayB, him told indirectly on tlie Hpirits nf the iiu'inborH, tor in nil thu experience of thu luctioneer lw nuver know a biiI'o ho ulow. I Oob SurrLEMBNT,— The supplement with this evening's issue contains :— Poetry, ' Song ;' con tinuation of tho interesting tale, ' So Like a Man ;' Qresford Markets; NewB l-y the EngUah Mail; Eerie w; Hunter River District M.U.O.O.F. — Annual Meeting; Sham Parliamentary Reform ; Our Muswellbrook Letter ; advertisement!, etc. The Fever Patients.— There are now 14 patients in the Maitland Hospital, suffering with typhoid fever. They are all doing failry well. Among them is Mr. Oliver Handel, and his friends will learn with pleasure that his condition gives no cause for anxiety. European Fkakb of American Competition. — The utterance of Hcrr Rbeimbaden, a member of tha Prussian Diet, pn Wednesday, that |the competi tion 9 ( i he United : States was ' the dark cloud on the economic horizon of Germany,' only voices an opinion tbat haB been held for years in Germany and other European countries. v Over two years ago, the Essen correspondent of th-y Vossiclic Zcitung, of Ber lin, wrote :— ' In the circlelof largo operators in the Lower Rhine— Weatphaliai iron and coal diitrict, the efforts of the nnitefi States to supply tho Continent of Europe witl iron manufactures and coal are regarded with (reat interest nnd prow ing anxiety. A loading ironmaster of the Ruhr district recently expressed himself to a small circle of technical colleagues to the effoct that within a period of ten to fifteen years America would bo supplying all Mediterranean countries, including Austria-Hungary, with coal and iron. As reasons for this opinion, he stated that no other country can produce and transport iron in enormous quantities so cheaply and under such farourablo conditions as the United States. Wiien it is found that the necessary return freight Ifrom Europe for their coal ships is wanting, they will build thoir colliers so that they can use water ballast, on their return voyage. The ocean freight schedules, of all maritime nations will oe so aopretsoa uy tins competition that the 'item of sea transportation will pay practically no|role in the economy of international trade. It will bo thon/v.evou nioro than now, a simple quostion off whjcb country cm produce most cheapry,«a.nd that country will will unquestionably be thd United States, with its virgin soil and it inexhaustible minernl re sources. An effective protection against this deluge of American products through high tariffs will bo impossible, because the United Status can dispeneo entirely with Europoan-manjifacturod merchnndisa, and thus be in a position t6 close its fisjutiers to foreign trade. Europo wijl then hare but one resource which can provide any effective resistence to Amorica, and that will bo1, when all countries here form a close commercial union or league. Othor wJBe, the material strength! and resources of the contestants will be too unequal.' It is understand that arrangements have been mado to hold a publio mooting in Sydney to raise funds for the relief of distressed Bottlers. An operating theatre is to bo built in connection with the Armidnle Hospital fit a co3t of £1585. Tho steamer Salamis sailed yestorday from Sydney for Capetown and London with S200 bales of wool, besides other extensive lines, including 3223 ingots of coppor, 2600 bars of bullion, 731 ingots of tin, iuuu uurs coppor, xzu cons oe copper oro, buuucg oi hardwood, 140 bales of leather, 50 bnleu of furskins, 800 boxes of bntter. ; At tho Central polioo Court yesterday, Andrew Johnson of Marrickvillo, was proceeded agninBt for flying n kite in Hyde Park, Sydney. The case wns one in which tho defendant, omployod by a largo business firm in Sydnoy, wis engaged |in flying a kite on which an advertisement appeared. The mngistrato reserved his decision. A young man named Stepheji Symo Ford, employed at the Co-operative Store, Wallsend, as book-keeper, was found dead in one of tho-rooma attached to the shop yesterday. Ho was lying face downwards in a pool of blood, with a revolver with one chamber dis chnrored. undernnath him. At a inncristorial innuirv held in the afternoon the coroner found that Ford died from a bullot wound in the head, inflicted by hinutlf. DeceaBod waa 21 yoni-s of ago. Attompts to reosvor tlio spijoie from the wreck of the Elingamite have proved unsuccessful. The vessel is in 30 fathoms of water, and tha divor could nob descend owing to the strong current. Tho Parliamentary Works Committee arrived at Gloucester ou Wednesday, land yesterday took evidence at Krarabnch in retard to the proposed Cape Hawko harbour woe}* Mr. Keele, Chief Engineer for Harbour Wofks, accompanied the conimittoe. . .a. uiusu ooaauu qlui^ oi iuu .wuai, t iwu wmi-Kuowu residents went outi duck-shooting jueli before CLrist mas and bugged 24., A friend of. thaira called at the township,! and heard of the bag.' ''As he had a friend with Hyni, who was unknown tothoduok shootors, he determined to give thohi a fright. So tho friead accosted them, told them lie had. boa, u waiting for close season duck-shooters for a fortnight, and demanded to know if they ownod the bag of duckB in tho buggy. Thoy deniod it at first, but eventually owned up and gavo 'their names for proseoution. Meeting tho real instigator of their trouble, thoy handed him n jfi^nloto and asked him to square tho matter. Ho return ad, saying the man was adamant, and gavo bnctk the mbney. With a warning that they would hear from him again, tho stranger con fiscated the dflcks ' for ovidonce,' nrid walked off. Ho was Boon nfjjerwnrdB joiiied by tlioputuil friend, who helped him carry tho duoka homo, whoro they wero niuoh enjoyed ror dnya. The practical jokers could not koop the soorot, and now the duck-shooters, who at first hod roceivod a salutary fright, aro not on speaking tirms with the' man who ato their ducks. Tho result of an experiment which ,wns rcoently mado by tho managorpf Burba (Vio,) Butter Factory should convince dniryninn that tliero is a wido field for enterprise exportorsi In November, 1001, as ample tin of butter was sent from the factory, nnd started on its travels, It was shipppd among tho gcnqrnl cargo to China and was sent' over 2000 miles into ;uq interior ot Ktmnglini. U'qo butter was allowed to take up the tomperaturo of the surrounding air no precautions being taken to keep it cool. Tho tin was posted back to Ausbralin,jjnnd arrived at Kuroa three wooks ago. It was fihen opened, and tho contents appenrod perfoctly aound. Sinco then the buttor has been exposed toijtho atmoHphere, and, whon examined by Mr, Orbwo; tho Government dniry export, it had oomowhnib deteriorated. Thoro was, however, none of tho bloaohod, fatty npponrnnoe which is noticeable near tho jbdges m cask tbuttor, and tho oxporimont must bo rogarded as vory satis factory. Tho buttor contain*;! about 3 per cent, of snlt, nnd, from its appearance! would have endured an ovon oovoror tost than that to whioh ib was sub jected. Mr. Crown considors that tho butter wns superior to Earn pics of English, Amorican and Danish butter bo Vmd examined, Mr, O. Delobory waa appointed to tho ? Public Sorvice Board for n term of seven yonra from tho date of Mr. Conhlnn'a rofcirnmnnt. an t-.ba); hn wonlri lin.un thvoe years or a little longor to run, but, in ordor Unit tho torm of offico of caoh niembor of tho board should run together, ho rosigncd and was re-ap. pointed with the ofchor two undor Bnruo Executive Cnuncil miuuto, no that now eaoh mombor of the l'ublic Service Board lias boen appointed for a torm of sevon years dating from yustordny. Whioh wni clearly very disinterested conduct ou tho part of Mr. Delobury. Enrly yesterday morning Qustnv Carl Ruwoldt, nged !)!!, a patient in tho Pnrksido Luiintio Asylum, A'.lolnido, was found doncl. '.In had nmde a nooso with n handkerchief nnd ,4-iRil an end to a bedstond, and thoii, putting liis liend in the noose, doliberataly twisted hiuiBolt' round, imH uniinnd Rtningulntion. A littlo further lightj'hiiB boon thrown ou tho Stirling murder liy tho discovery of tho Bwngmnn who lived wiuu unc murOfruu uiau, Uoorgo Uullen. The swngiunn, who is kn|^wn by tho nnmn of Frod, wim found near Kudunaji and ho wan brought to Ailolni(!n ycHtorday. He has mndo an appnroutly Biitisfnctory oxplnnntion of his niovomonts, for the CrmuuiBsinnor of .Police Bays tho inquiry haB bcon narrowed down. Sponkmg to nn intorviower in Adolnido on tho onbject of tho Fuderal capital, Sir William Lynu Biiid : ' I nhould liked to huvo ruou it nonv 'tho mother metropolis.' Ar, a tcrcting to bo hold in Perth (W. A.) to-night, .Sir John Forrest will bo nskoil to movo that fcho immudiato conntruotiou of tliotrnuu-conlinoutal rail way in a mnttor of urgent: necessity. Tho drought; continuon at Walgott, and thoro is not the slightest chiinco of lniu. Tho Into raiua did but lifctlo good. Tho Bocond rmain tho Dnrling Ttivo ohould Hiifilco to onablo nuy boiita now In the river to reach the Murray with wool oi'rgooo. Mr. King Iledly, tbo well-known Australian netor, bun bcon spending thu lrint; few woolen nbrond on n honeymoon trip (tmys tho Jlriliuli /t iVm.' rn/if Hi''iii of Dcccinbor 11), lui Imving iiuirriud Mrs. I'jiliuyiulir, a wcnltliy widow, of Strcntlmiu. Settlers in some portions of the interior are urging that in addition to seed wheat the Government should issue rations and horsafeed. A Queensland paper 8tate3 that to facilitate the harvesting of tho cano the manager of Mossman mill found it necessary to dispenso with white labour and employ Hindoos. The question at once suggests itself — What Bort of whito men were they ? Surely the degeneration of tho Caucasian is not woll on its wny P bir Edward Braddon, ono ofthoTauinanian repre sentatives in the Federal Parliament, is reported to bo very ill. Whilo a public meeting at Cowra was protesting agaiuet the bundling over by the council to the Government of tho common as a situ for a model farm tho gas wiib turned off aud tho proceedings termi nated. In a speoch nt Mudgea on Thursday night the Rov. R. T. Hills, secretary of the Sydney branch of tho British and Foreign Biblo Society, stated that last year 5,000,000 copiea of tho Biblo had beun sold, equal to 11 copies per minute. Bnllymornn homestead, near Wagga, has been totally destroyed by fire. Tho roof of a shed nt tho rear of tho hall in which Mndanie Melbn's second concert waa being given at Perth collapsed, precipitating about 50 men nnd women to the ground. Two women were hurt, ono having to be conveyed to tho hospital. The Brisbane Weather Buroau foreoitsts fine woatber in this State, to bo followed by thundor s torm 8. A flow of 500,000 gallons of water per day has bean struck nenr Coonamblo at a dopth of 900ft. James M' Arthur, a middle- nged man, wns taken to tho Melbourne hospital iu a semi-comatose con dition, nnd wns so effectually aroused with tho aid of nn electric buttery thnt hi| attacked and kicked the dresser, turned linn upsiderdown, ennsod tho doctors, knocked a panel of thu dooi), nnd uf forwards assaulted a poliuoman. M' Arthur ifl court yesterday plonded that he wnn in a fit, nnd ,)utd no kuowledgo of tho occurrence. The bench thjn decided to sond for thu hospital doctor, and ns th$y did so M'Arthur was Boized with n fit, and wns carried rigid nnd scrunui ing from tho court, Tho doctor, on arriving, gavo ovidonce that on ndmissionit.o the hospital tho man waB suffering from a form -jf hysteria, aggravated by alcohol. A list of thirfty-four convictions for drunkenness, hiroeny, and other minor offences, was readout. The bench fina'd him for smashing tho door, but let bin) off for tho assault. Dr. P. W. Farmer, a Melbourne medico, yestorday suod to rocover three guineas as tho balance of nn account for 10 guineas for flvo visits to Chin Sing, a storekeeper in Littlo -Bour co-street. . Farmer was called out at night to boo a Chinaman who had ' a cub on his head. Ho pul in some stitches, aud visited him on four subsc :juout occasions. Tho Cbiuaman paid soven guinei a, bub declined to givo any more. Tbe Bunch thoi ght boat seven guineas was quitu enough, and gave the Chinaman cost* nlao. Ono medical witness oonfessed that good marks were BomotimoB made to pay for bad. 