en and .Vfr. H. J. 7'hacWfto^ ia to paint the first portrait of f'ia< X. A French phy«iologi.=it ha« discovered that nearly ail criminal* ha7e large ears. ; \ .Yearly immigrant* per day'are at present enteririj/ the Canadian North-Weat. The Danish cadet school hats be<n abolished because the gradnates refused to enter the Russian military service. M iks ffelen Oonld has been asked to act a? arbitrator in a big strike in the JJoIyoke, Mas.*.. Paper Mill*, which involve* 4000 employes. Lord John Rnssell, IH4&:—" Protection haa proved to bo the blight of commerce, the bane of agriculture, the aonrce of bitter division among the classes, the cause of penury, fever, mortality, and crime among the masses," The Billirighnrst estate, iri the Weald of .Sussex has jtmt been sold. The title o£ this property commences with an indenture of lease, dated 1604, for ten thousand years from the Crown, at the annual rent of one red rose.— "The Daily Graphic," 25/7/0?,. Poverty In Italy. '•There is the monk alarming distress amongst the poor of Rome and of Italy. For though the credit of Italy is made to stand high arid on a par with Franco, still tbe taxes are not in any way abated, and they weigh heavily on the people, especially on the communities, who sustained the poor, the aged and the orphans." fn order to encourage immigration to Peru, the Peruvian Government has lately indued art excellent map of the country, together with a mass of information likely to be useful to the intending colonmt —translated into lOri^linh, which iu a delicate compliment to the Britisher, presuruibly desired before all other men as a Peruvian citizen. The map will be Mouf. free to anyone asking for it at the Peruvian Consulate. On the Land Tax. Mr, Chamberlain on the Question.— I. have said nothing about the curious arrangement under which unoccupied land is being held for speculation and investment, which is held for the unearned increment, escapes all contribution whatever for local taxation. There are anomalies which at the present time make,y»n« inclined to say there was some truth in the statement of the man who said that the only difference in the incidence of taxation connistod in an adverb, for while it pressed very hardly on the poor it pressed hardly at all on the rich.— Mr. Cliiunberliiin at Ipswich, 14th January, IHHfj. Ground Values, filf> b.c.— In the history of Media, by the eminent historian //>naido A. Hugos',in, we llnd on the authority of Herodotus that Diu'iuH tliu Great had " the entire empire surveyed and every mild of ground appraised according to its dii/Hiaitirii for production ; on this valuation he based an impart,inly graded ground tax." Some idea of the ui/.u ol this empire may bo obtained fr.irn the reTenae thi.i realiiaed. which was equal to "ji-'/) million pound* of English money at the present time. With one ormce of common salt, six ounces of pure veansr. six ounces of '.!•() per cent, alcohol, all mixed ir. an ordinary glass di.-fh. and two on rices of aqna ammonia, distributed in five small plate*, and all covered by an airtight glass, tube. Dr. Charles W. LittlefieM, of Alexandria. Tnd.. declare® that he has created life ir. the form of thousands of atoms, or animated substances, similar to welldeveloped germs of life and tnlobites. Onr schools arid colleges send forth every year many educated people, and ir, is sometimes disheartening to see how little influence these people have in public life. Being trained and cultured, they ought to be humane in dealing with other people, ready to meet great emergencies and powerful to control bad tendencies in public affairs. But this is rarely the case. On the other hand, the most unscrupulous opponents of progress have been educated men, and the heroes of humanity have corne from the common people.— Professor Asaph Hail, U S.A. A Country Reverie. Why is it that the wooden hillecks frown With darkened slope, and mock me as I pass ; And shroud-like comes the water toppling down The precipice's rugged, deep crevasse ? How slight a discord blights the woodland fair, And robs it of its whilom beauteous form ; Arid inharmonious whispers fill the air As if to bode the coming of a storm ! 'Tis not the hillocks nor the bridal veil Of sparkling waters, fev'rish dreams impart; Nor the fair woodland's sweet, refreshing gale, That I would own, soothes not this aching heart ! And still a void remains where once the throne Was occupied by Love, and tenderly I nurtured it, 'till one discordant tone Broke the rapt spell and forced the tenant flee ! Mayhap, one day, I'll view those woods again, When the autumn leaves are tinged with gold ; And sweeter music fills the vast domain, And Love returns to fill its vacant fold. And then, mayhap, when nightfall, settling slow, Its shadowH casts o'er flower and blade and tree, Whilst my rude camp-fire's embera crack and gl ow- Her voice may fall a beniaon to me 1 T. H. MA-I hias. " Coast Seamen's Journal." A Prohibition Sanatorium. Mr. F. N. Charrington is about to try a most interesting experiment, says the " Spectator "—the effect of total prohibition under fair conditions. He lias purchased the well-wooded island of Osea on the coast of Essex, and intends to turn it into a seuside resort, in which the manufacture, sale and consumption of achohol will be absolutely prohibited. No license of any kind will be granted, and stringent conditions as to intoxicants will be inserted in all louses. The island, in fact, will be a large sanatorium conducted on strict temperance principles, and will, it is probable, be in the first place a resort for the great number of persons who wish to break themselves finally of the habit of excess in drinking. Dean O'Haran, of Sydney, in a letter from Borne published in the '• Catholic" Press " describes Pius X thus :—"PiusX is of medium stature and only fairly robust. He is of gentle mien and unassuming. There is a shrewd playfulness in his countenance which will draw all hearts. There is a striking resemblance in appearance, as in character, with his past predecessor, Pio Nono. There can be no doubt that everything he does and says comes from the heart. But when everything is said there is still a calm simplicity bespeaking a latent talent, and an unlimited reserve power beyond a humble and saintly exterior which will be the secret of Pius X.'s administration in the church." Charles Josselyn, whose " The True Napoleon " received favorable criticism last year, has in press for early publication by Paul Elder and Company, a collection of interesting and instructive selections from famous authors, entitled " My Favourite Book Shelf." Unlike the usual quotaiion book, this volume includes passages of readable length so chosen and arranged in many cases as to epitomize the messages of the voluminous originals. The work will make a handsome octavo, interestingly printed and rubricated. The binding is from a design by Cordon Ross. Since the beginning of Queen Victoria's reign when public health has become a science, the average life of a man has been increased by three years ; that of a woman by two years. Before the. Sanitary Institute was called into being in 1876, £14.000,000 represented the expenditure on measures of public health, £40,000,000 is the figure it now totals. C00,000 persons, it is computed are living in England that owe their lives to' the advancement of the science of sanitation. It is estimated that the London County Council has saved the lives of 20,000 infants alone. Thirty years ago 374 out of every million died of typhoid —barely 100 per million is the toll now. Typhus scarcely 60 years ago, which accounted for 300 deaths per million, is literally-stamped out by better sanitary conditions. " Talk about a man being the lord of creation exclaimed Mrs. Ferguson. " What would tlie garden of Eden itself have been without Eve ?" "What was it after she came?" demanded Mr. Ferguson in a rasping voice.— " Chicago Tribune." How is this for our Walter? The extract is from the "Limerick Chronicle," September 1st. The " Limerick Chronicle," by the way, is one of the oldest newspapers in the United Kingdom, it was established in 1766 :— ' "DISTINGUISHED VISITOR. Mr. Walter J. Kirby, who is a well-known Australian tenor, is at present on a visit to his uncle, the very popular member for East Limerick, tylr. Wria, Lunden, M.P., Kilteely. Mr. Kirby was born in Auckland, New Zealand, in 1878, and from an early age he was engaged in singing at all the .churches and theatres throughout Australia and New Zealand. Last year he toured Australia with Madame Meiba, after which a number of the leading men of Australia, formed a committee, and raised £2000 for the purpose of sending Mr. Kirby through Europe, where he will stay for two years, to finish his musical course. Since his arrival in Kilteely he has sung at the local Roman Catholic Church, and also in Kilkee and other churches." •'•The Cynic's Calendar of Revised Wisdom,'' which received <i warm reception last year, was reissued for 1904 a month ago. This issue of 10,000 copies has already been entirely sold, and orders make necessary an edition of 30,000 copies which will soon be off the press. The total of 40,000 copies at this date shows what a very successful little volume, the Western publishers, Paul Elder and Company, have been fortunate enough to secure. The new book by the same authors is called " The Limerick Up-to-date Book," and will be ready soon. It has many original and attractive features that promise much for its interest. Reynolds' on Preference. The impudent fallacy underlying the whole of the Dear Food Campaign is that foreign nations will tamely, submit to have their goods shut out from English markets, without shutting out English goods from theirs. We thus see the ruin of engineering. machinery, shipbuilding, cotton and linen products, and a diminished demand for coal. A trade combination otll.e other nations of the world against England would leave her destitute. These nations can grow their own food ; they can produce all the things we send them. And the boycotting of English goods is as certain to follow the introduction of Protection as that the night follows the day. The country will swarm with starving unemployed, and we may expect to see the sudden disappearance of the useless classes as in the time of the French' Revolution. Wisdom. "Faith in God involves the faith that whatever is just must be accomplished in due time. I have heard men argue that there is no God. They think they are fighting the idea of God. In reality it is only some caricature of God. The essence of the idea is seldom questioned even by professed atheists. They are fighting the God of theology, and not the living God. I should say that every man believes in God who believes in liberty. He has in him the essence of faith in God who believes that liberty is always and at all times practicable. Faith iu God means faith in this universe. It means faith in the rationality of this universe. It means faith in the morality of this universe. It means that such is the nature of the universe that truth must prevail here, that right must triumph. It means faith in the eternal harmonies. It means a boundless hope for the future. It means confidence in the destiny of the race ; that unconquerable spirit of optimism which inspired the words of Whittier: But life shall on and upward go ; Th' eternal step of progress beats, To that great anthem, calm and low, Which God repeats. Faith in Liberty is but the corollary of faith in God." HERBERT S. BIGELOW. As in America, so in Melbourne :— They took a little gravel And they took a little tar, With various ingredients Imported from afar ; They hammered it and rolled it, And when they went away They said they had a roadway That would last for many a day. But they came with picks and smote it, To lay a water main : And then they called the workmen To put it back again. To run a tramcar cable They took it up once more, And then they put it back again Just where it was before. They took it up for conduits To run the telephone ; And then they put it bask agnin As hard as any stone ; They took it up for wires To feed the 'lectric light, And then they put it back again, Which was no more than right. Oh, the roadway's full of furrows ; There are patches everywhere : You'd like to ride upon it, But it's seldom that you dare ; Tt's a very handsome roadway— A credit to the town— They're always digging of it up Or puUin' of it down. —American Paper. The American Husband as he is depicted by an American woman writer in the " Fortnightly " :— " Naturally, in these great metropoles, it follows that men are suspicious, abrupt, irritable, either nervous in manner or frigid with the effort not to be, almost devoid of subtlety in regard to women, lacking in depth of intellectuality as distinct from mere brain. They cannot be blamed. They are the product of the terrible 1 hustle,' and neverslackening competition of these crowded centres, which epitomise the more famous conditions of the New World. And they are making history, the prosperity of the country, doinp each the work of 20 men of a calmer sphere. But they must be highly uninteresting us husbands. A man who eats his luncht-9,QHwi§li«th{j ^telephone on his table, whose mentaVf^ul>)fls__are. oi^lie rack from 'J till G, who looksy(ip^p-e^y utrtkjjB hlfsyiatural enemy, whose keendsfc s^ns®. is ^an appreciation of the value and value\\} 9f\ aAnfeyj^fufjU ^'"eifiher stupid or cross when th6 .ijay's work Wuorie, )lf he lets his wife spend half of her year atony iu Europe it is not likely thaNifs misses her. ptfa the signing of the domestic chequSsns-a-teiTfe in his mighty calculations. He is a martyr to more than dyspepsia, for he works ekrnally for that which he never accomplishes. and the ultimate of leisure is the one thing he never contemplates. He has no time to know his wife, nor other women for that matter, and if he gets little in return, at least he rarely is aware of the fact." This is the type of man Frank Norris made us familiar with in his powerful uovel, " The Pit." A Novel Ceremony. "Thursday brought us in contact with a novel ceremouy at the Vatican. Cardiual Herrero, Archbishop of Valentia, one of. the newly-appointed Cardinals, and who had been ill in the Yactican during the Conclave, received the red hat from the Pope privately on Thursday. There is no precedent for such benignity on the part of a Pope. The dear old man from Spain was over 80 years of age. He could not yet either stand or walk. He was carried upstairs in the Pope's " Portantina." The Holy Father had to carry out the full form of Consistory, but he did it with all sweet simplicity in his own private apartments to give pleasure to the old octogenarian, and to enable him to leave Rome. Cardinal Moran was the senior Cardinal priest in Curia. He had to attend officially with Cardinals Oreglia and Macchi, the senior Cardinal-Bishop and Deacon for the swearing-in ceremony. Instead of the Cardinal coming in obedience to the feet of the Pope to receive the Cardinal's hat, the Pope went down from his throne to where the old Spaniard sat, and performed the ceremony there. After all the ceremonies had ceased the Holy Father got his throne chair brought down alongside the new member of his Sacred College and had a most familiar and affectionate chat with the dear old Cardinal. As I said, there is no precedent for a Pope performing such a private ceremony. It shows all the more emphatically that he is a Pontiff who will not be guided by mere empty ceremonial, but will follow the bent of an affec- tionate friend and loving Father."— Ex. The Washington U.S.A., Government Printing Department. Says an exchange:—"Government printing calls for certain kinds of work, much of it more trying than that done for the private employer. The Union has wisely endeavoured to secure an adjustment of wages and working conditions in the Government Printing Office, which will adequately compensate the men for the extra work involved. The printer in the Government Office has no soft snap. Many voluntarily leave the Government Office for private employment because they find the latter more profitable. In the case of women compositors and bookbinders it is notorious in Washington official-clerical circles that the work is so hard and comparatively poorly paid in these departments that a woman in one of them really loses caste among her clerical friends in the Land Office, the Treasury, or the Pension Department. Why ? Because in these latter departments there are big salaries to be had for a very ordinary class of work if the clerk only has the necessary " Congressional pull," and the girl who works in the Printing Office, with only the rules of the union to help her is considered rather slow and out of date. When you talk about the' Government Printing Office and attempt to compare it with the private employer it is just as well to remember that no Government Department is run on the same basis as the business of the private employer—but owing to the intervention of the Typographical Union the Government Printing Office comes nearer being a business institution than any of the others." Business principles in Government Departments seem as rare in America as in Australia. 