BOUND ABOUT LONDON. LONDON FOREIGNERS 'DAY BY DAY.' The special correspondent of the Sydney ' Daily Telegraph n in London, writing on the 13th of February, says : — It is more than probable that something will be done during the Parliamentary ses sion which opens on Tuesday next in emu lation of Australia's legislation for the re striirtion of alien immigrants. Not only, too, are two leading London daily papers conducting a vigorously ag gressive campaign against the hook-nosed and frowsy u strangers within our gates,' but politicians and public men of all par ties and professions are flooding the news papers generally with interviews and let ters against that unrestricted admission into England of undesirable foreigners of the diseased, pauperised, criminal, and vicious classes. The hospital records show a larger proportion in' foreign patients justify. That is speaking of London onlv, because I do not know what the figures relating to the provinces are. The work houses and charitable institutions tell a similar tale in regard to the pauper depen dents. More serious still are the facts relating to the criminal and the vicious. With a population of five per cent of the total. foreigners hsve £ record of fourteen per cent of convictions. - Many of those thus convicted are exiled criminals from foreign countries, who liave found an asylum in England. It only needs the bringing out of faets like these to arouse public indig nation against a system which is making England the dumping-ground for the re fuse of the rest of the world. It is all very well to say that England owes her vitality, her virility, her indus trial development, her financial and com mercial supremacy, and many of the other great qualities which go to make this mo^t marvellous and most prosperous of all na tions to her old-time foreign immigration. It is true that many of England's staple in dustries owe their origin to the alien im migrants end refugees of the Danish, Huguenot, Lombardian, and other races, who found in England the political and in dustrial freedom unobtainable in their own countries. But in those days every other country was an asylum for the persecuted man who had to flee from his own cises its sovereign riphts to exclude undesirables except England. If Eng land could deport its povertv- stricken, its diseased, and its vicious classes to the other countries of Europe, it would be an offset to those of the same classes that it gets-fiom abroad ; but the reciprocity is all on one Ride. Not only every country in Europe, but the United' States of Ame rica and even England's own self -governing colonies in Canada. Australia, nnd South Afrii-a place limitations upon undesirable immigration. England alone imposes no restrictions. The position, flierefore, is an entirely new one to that which existed when religious and politjisil persecution drove hordes of poor, but strenuous, in dustrious, and brainy refugees to seek sanctuar- in England- The men and women of that class now find their way to the United States and Canada ; the refuse which neither the United States nor Canada will admit find their way to the East End of London. Canada, by the way, realises to a degree which I could hope Australia, would emu late, the value of stimulating immigration to an extent that recognises no -limitation. Canada believes that if population poured in at the rate of ten times the number that ever came into the country before, it would be richer by the possession of more men and more energy, greater production, and increased employ ment, and increased ana mure varied industries. The Canadians be lieve that every desirable immigrant, so far from increasing competition in the labour market, provides more labour for those already there. Every immigrant who lands in Canada is a consumer of articles produced by Canadians. He wants a room to sleep in, clothes to wear, food to eat, and tools to use in his occupation. Al though he may be a competitor in the par ticular line in which he is employed with those of his craft already located in Cana da, the expenditure of his earnings gives employment to the members of every other craft but bis own. The best organised, ana' probably the most expensive, department of Canadian Government administration is the Immi gration Department. It not only has an office in London, which is fully manned, and thronged daily by would-be immi grants, but it has lecturers and agents covering the whole of the United King dom, and agencies in every part of the TJni Kingdom. It is a department which works in cordial co-operation with every steam ship line running to Canada, and with every Canadian railway company. It has also a branch which, under the direction of the High Commissioner for Canada and the Superintendent for Immigration, keeps the press of England, Scotland, and Ire land fully supplied with interesting and opportunely furnished information regard ing Canadian affairs so far as they may interest English, Scottish, or Irish readers. During the past twelve months I have bed exceptional opportunities of seeing the inner working of London newspaper offices, and nothing has impressed me more tlian the contrast between the methods pursued by the Canadian High Commis sioner's office and those of the Australian Agents-Generals for keeping their respec tive countries before the public Let me take the experience of one leading London morning newspaper as_ an illustration. During last month the amount of contri buted information specially prepared for the particular purposes of the paper to which it was sent averaged three-quarters of a column of the Sydney ' Daily Tele graph ' per day. During the same period the total information furnished to the same paper by the seven Agents-General far Australasia was exactly equivalent to three-quarters of a column for the whole month. Of course, nothing like the whole of the matter furnished by the Canadian High Commissioner ever found its way into print, but a mere cursory examina tion of the files of that newspaper will show that nearly twentv times as much officially furnished Canadian information as Australasian officially furnished infor mation is published. I have not the same intimate knowledge of the provincial press of England, but I believe the disparity there is even greater. Of course, I fully recognise the fact that Canada has the advantage of speaking with one voice for the whole of the pro vinces that make up the Dominion. If anything ever appears in the newspapers or anything is ever said by a public man derogatory to Canada's interest, the championship of Canada is at once as sumed by the Canadian High Commis sioner. If a similar situation arises in connection with Australia, as, for in stance, in the case of the Wilson articles in the ' Daily Mail,' during the past week, there is no one person specifically charged with the responsibility of defending as a whole the seven colonies of Australasia, which were attacked as a whole. What is the business of seven Agents-General is the business of no one. When Sir William Lyne was Premier of New South Wales, he appointed a Sydney journalist as an attache to the Agent-General's office, to do the work nhicb is so well done by that branch of the Canadian office to which 1 have already referred. The idea was a good one, but It failed in practical appli cation. There is no scope for seven press contributors on behalf of seven colonies, with an aggregate population of five mil lions, as against Canada's one press repre sentative for a whole Dominion, with a population of seven millions. The obvious solution of the difficultv is the appointment of an Ailttralian high commissioner. Sm-h an official represen tative communicating with anv English Minister, nr member of Parliament, or with the editor of any English newspaper, would do so with the status of being the representative of the whole Common wealth. His advent, of course, would not be welcomed by the Agents-General, each of whom very naturally and very properly is inclined to magnify the importance of his own sectional office. Bat while they may suffer by being provincialised, Aus tralia as a whole would gain by being, nationalised in the public estimation. If, Australia has any desire to maintain its financial credit in the London market, if it has in new any scheme for the federalisa tion of its state debts, Jf it wishes to en large and improve its opportunities in the English market in the way of wool, wine, meat, dairy, and other produce, it can test do so through one supreme central agency. Kaeh state may have its own agency as well, just as each province in Canada has its own agency. To the aver age English investor, and to the average English importer of Australasian produce, there is practically no recognition of state territorial divisions. To most of them, Australia is a whole, and Australia's in terests can be best served in this country by one who represents Australia as a whole. 