I3eUND THE ll\^-f WORLD. ' Stated that a steady flow of oil has been struck at Kotuku (N.Z ). This brings oil fuel nearer our doors, and may yet be an important source of fuel supply. A man recently died at Kidderminster (Eng.) from anthrax, supposed to have been imported with some wool from Persia and spread from it to some cattle thence to the victim. Disease has a long arm. At the end of March there were in New Zealand 12,557 old-age pensioners, or 219 less than on the same date of last year. Despite the shrinkage, however, the money paid by the Government in creased by £1250. New Zealand butter has received a testimonial from the manufacturer of ' Hubbard's Rusks,' who states that they now use it as the best procurable. This too in competition with Danish and the best European butter. The English official statistics show that alien immigration is increasing, not diminishing. i he ytotal number who arrived in March was 23,557, against iS,6i5 last year. For the three months ended 31st March 43,733, against 34,944 last year. Tike te po Mua, a Maori ex-rebel and New Zealand old age pensioner, claims to be 105 years old. He has an excel lent memory, and includes in his recol lections Captain Cook's visit to the colony, a good many years before he was born. San Francisco Labour Council warns workmen that the Pacific Coast is more than well provided with unemployed. This is in America, where, if we take our local protectionists seriously, protec tion should have solved the unemployed difficulty. Cocoa is beginning to seriously corn pate with tea as a beverage in England. Tea is taxed 6d a pound and cocoa only id ? a pound, and the chea'pness of the latter has caused many to use it. The change is probably for the better from a health point of view. Thieves carried off jewels to the value of millions of roubles from a St, Peters burg church. Two diamonds removed from one image were alone worth £7000. Probably the thieves thought they would do them more good than the image, as did some of our Chinese war heroes with Chinese josses. The probabilities of a successful at tempt to conquer Great Britain at sea, though it may have increased with the continued augmentation of the fleets of the other powers, is yet considerably less to- day than' it was at the beginning of the nineteenth century. — Deutsche Stint men, Berlin. Burglars are said to seldom receive more than 20 per cent, of the value of their booty from the buyers to whom they dispose of it, if it happens to be in any other form than coin. A £10 Bank of England note will bring but £2 from a buyer, while £100 worth ot plate would be worth only £15. The receiver is the principal gainer. The extent of the operations in Lon don hospitals may be gauged by the fact that two million five hundred thousand pills and three tons of cough lozenges are dispensed every year. Ninety two miles ot lint, 476 miles of bandages, also six tons of cotton wool and nine miles of of plaster are used annually. Every day half a ton of ice and 400 syphons of soda water, and in a year the eggs used, if placed end to end, would extend to six and a half miles. What pain and suffering this suggests. The Congo region exports about three million walking-sticks a year. The King of Tonga is reported to have become so reckless in his expen diture that there are rumours of the Imperial authorities dispensing with him and handing over the Government either to Fiji or New Zealand. Some thiuk the island trip of New Zealand legislators has something to do with the matter. A Virginia (U.S.A.) judge has decided that an employer advertising for men during a strike and stating that there was no labour trouble, was liable to men who came and refused to take the place of the strikers for wages and travel ling and hotel expenses. A proper decision, since no man has a right to make false representations. There are no less than 300,000 people in various parts of the United Kingdom who speak no language but Gaelic. They are in Wales, where even Gaelic papers are published ; in Ireland, where some papers print items in Gaelic ; and the West Highlands of Scotland. The language was long spoken in Cornwall, but has now completely died out. The Isle of Man is said to have no pawnbroker, which is surprising con sidering the number of excursionists who go there every summer, to whom an ' uncle ' would be a useful relation. Jersey, with nearly the same population, has four pawnbrokers, two male and two female, but only one miner, while the Isle of Man has a considerable lead mining population. The island of Saghalien, which, it is said, has a population of about 8000 mur derers, is, according to the Siberian Mes senger, about to have a 'people's palace.' This institution owes its origin to the initiative of Sister Meyer, who has spent a large part of her life in alleviat;ng the lot of the wretched criminals on this island. About £10,000 has already been subscribed in St. Petersburg towards the above- mentioned object. The Mayor of Woolwich (Eng.) made money at a bazaar by shaking hands with the public at sixpence a time while wearing the glove he had on when the King shook hands with him. Eighty one sixpences were thns realised, when he had to knock off on account of a weak wrist, which, however, seems to have been as strong as his head. Reminis cent of the Highlandman who refused ever after : to wash the hand which ' Bonnie Prince Charlie ' had shaken. The mapping of the world will be mostly an achievement of the twentieth century. The great map of the United States, begun twenty years ago, will re quire about a hundred years for its com pletion, and the chief of the Hydro graphic Office reports that the 1250 chart plates in his possession represent only about one-third of what are necessary before the seas of the world will be suffi ciently chartered for safe navigation. Ankylostomiasis is the name of that curious dirt-eating disease prevalent in Queensland. Leech worms are en gendered, which infest the intestines, sucking the blood and causing anaemia and creating false appetite, not only for earth but for alcohol also. This dis ease is said to have spread from small earth floored humpies which, when des troyed, stopped the spread of the dis ease, which germinated from the worm getting into food. According to a Paris paper there exists in that city a club the members and ser vants of which consist entirely of deaf mutes. Nobody connected with the establishment can speak, and the ser vants are called by means of a special apparatus, which, when buttons are pressed, communicates a slight electric shock to the person required. The pre sident of the club is a veteran whose tongue was cut out by Indians in the United States, by whom he was made prisoner. 