[?] j Pull of craft — sometimes : The sea. ? * * * Iiu connection with the Servian tragedy some 200 persons were killed * * * On June 22 last the British Tory Govern ..concluded eight years of office. I .Itiis. reputed that 'many people talk, some I , listen, and a few actually say things ' I * * * i A « -congress of Japanese Social Democrats I ivwas-hbld at Osaka (.Japan) in April last. | * * * I JiYith'-one exception Berlin (the German j -capital) is now represented by Socialists in the I . National Parliament. -* * ? \--Sfcoijkings made of human hair are used by ? Chinese fishermen as a preventive of wet .feet. | * * * European vineyards said to cover 22,5173,902 ; acres Italy comes first ; France second ; then Austria- Hungary and Germany. . * * # Praise from people we do? pise generally con vinces us that they have good points after all. —?-'Puck.' * * . * It iB somewhat amusing to read of country branches of Kyabram Reform League passing , x*esolutions against ' Federal extravagance '' * . # * The most promising of all occupations is ! £hafc'of a' bill collector. Pie gets more pro mises than pay. * * * Great Bil t lin imports more goods (in value khan any other; whilst the United States .?exports more. * # # ? A- carnival in aid of the local unemployed -vwdstheld last week at Geelong and proved a _ -srreat success. ?° * * » ?A-bout a month or two ago a famine was ?ira-gin}? in the Kwang-si Province (China), and 'S)\ev a million people were on the verge of ? starvation.' * * # ? It Ms i ?probable that the Tramway Co. will nnotj.pay a bonus to shareholders this year, owing-'to the alleged falling-off of revenue, the I high, .pi'ice of horse feed, and the income tax ! * * ? It is 'iisua.lly the people who don't work f themselves who are most alarmed about other (?people ; - not working under Socialis m. — ' ' Erie . People.' * * » .The- eighth, ninth, and tenth wonders of the \--world.iare why workingmen should work so iM-hard- to support an idle class in luxury with ????out serious protest. — Ex. * * * .'Tihe Australian aborigines were never a ('numerous' race. The total number conjectvired ? to have , ?peopled this continent when the Bniiash took possession was about 130,000. .« » * MJrs-!H : 'John, the doctor says I need a ? change »of climate ' Mr. H (absorbed in his ?'news- pamper) : ''.that's all right, Jane; it is ? -*oin-1*-fed be 20 dear, colder to-morrow.' * * * ?Motoi1 weddings are becoming quite fashion .-.iiblaun; Paris. The cars are lavishly adorned ? -wilbh i flowers, and the driver wears white .cloves and a bououet. ° ? * * # i'LJibom'-leader Wstson's amendment on the 'Naval Agreement Bill — that the Bill be read .? six months hence — was defeated last week in r.fche Honso-bfi Representatives by IS votes. ? * * * Said 'tliatthe London County Council spent -ssver .££18,000 last year in promoting or op posing Parliamentary Bills, wherein it was i interested. * ♦ ? Cm Australia the population averages 1J l.personsto the square mile. With continued -lecline,j-.population tends to shrink even below r that*1 very- small average. ? * * * The= i annual report of Inspector-General of 1 Insane (N.S.W.) states that, at the end of It)o2; thorewere 4087 insane persons in N S.W. \--?an increase of 199 over corresponding period -of ?previous-year. T.he -.dispute as to municipal offices in A-inaoonda (U.S.A.) has been decided in favour ? of the -Socialists This dispute originally oc ? curred through the attempt of the Republican i Party ; but,, as stated, without success. -* * * Doors and«windows are taxed in France. In :i a, peasant's ibut the tax used to be about three 3 francs i (2s. '(id.) pev annum. On houses in \- cities it reached as high as 17 francs (about -Us. ad).), .per. annum for each family. * * * When the miners in West Virginia (U.S.A.) » refused) to work for their employers at the »vwa°-es-i:and I 'brutal treatment served out to them,' the . -employers had the miners shot ? downi -in .-cold 'blood in their beds. The -coroner's tfnry returned a verdict to this -effect. lYebvno;, punishment was awarded the \- employers. ! ' It's the finest place you ever saw,' said an enthusiastic South African to a Yankee 'All we want is more water and a better class of people.' 'Guess that's what they're saying in Hades,' said the Yankee. * # * A meeting was held recently at Penshurst to re-organise the local branch of the Kyabram Kef orm League ; but in response to an in vitation to join only 15 persons handed in their names to Organising Secretary Dean. * * * A man, who committed suicide in Adelaide last week, left a message behind in which he stated that unemployment was the cause of his rash act. A nice commentary that on Australian industrial conditions ! * * * The W'arrnambool Town Council wants to get a Rill through Parliament, enabling it to lease the general market for a term of seven years. By doing this it expects t ? add .£30 or £4t0 per year to its revenue. * * ?» Now that the ex-Treasurer has announced a surplus, the Melbourne Hospital Committee will probably remind him of a promise not to forget that institution, should he get a surplus. The president (Godfrey) has under taken to head a deputation for that purpose * # * A father took his precocious son to a public house ; called for a pint of beer, almost emptied it; 1han passed it to the boy. A friend close at hand, observing the procedure, remarked : ' Good boy, that ! takes after his father.' ''Yes,' retorted the precocious one, 'but he didn t take mwh alVr his father.' * * * Enough men and women, who believe in Socialism, have pledged to send in an average of five subscriptions a week for the next year to guarantee 1,d00,000 subscribers to the 'Appeal to Reason' (American Socialist weekly) by the first of January, 191)4. « « * Australian credit it at a very low ebb just now in the foreign v money market. Yet very little effort is piit forth to destroy that bad impression by an attempt to get out of debt as speedily as possible and cultivate a manly spirit of financial self-reliance. * * * A wealthy Inn downer in France not long ago gave a monster feast to celebrate the simul taneous wedding of his tour children — two sons and two daughters. The guests num bered l()n0 The bill of fare included five bullocks and sixteen lambs. Ten large barrels of wine and fifteen of cider wore consumed. * * # The German- Jewish Relief Society (U.S.A.) has sent an agent to Kishineff, who reports that 700 houses were distroyed, (500 shops sacked, and that about 10,000 persons are homeless as a result of the recent massacre. Forty-five persons were killed during the massacre, 34 seriously wounded, and 50 were . injured. * * * The first mirrors of which there is any record were used by the Israelites in the time of Moses, and were made of brass. The first glass mirrors were made in Germany in the 15th century by a blow-pipe, and were eonvex. . The first manufactory of glass mirrors for sale was established in Venice early in the 16th century. * * * At the last annual meeting of the Mel bourne Hospital governors, a pleasure tax for the benefit of charities was mooted. It was proposed to levy a tax of 5 per cent, on all outdoor sports ; to get a percentage of race club receipts handed over to a central board of charity ; and then, if the revenue raised in . this way proved insufficient, the municipalities to give the balance ° . * * * A man who was chiding his son for staying out late at night, said : ' When I was of your age my father -would not let me go out of the house after dark.' '?' Then you had a deuce of a father, you had/1 replied the young pro fligate. Whereupon the father rashly vocife rated, ' I had a confounded sisrht better one than you have, you young rascal ! ' — 'Business Age ' * * * A meeting, organised by the Trades Hall Conciliation and Arbitration Conference, was held in the South Melbourne Town Hall on 23rd inst The mayor presided over a good attendance, and Messrs. Ronald, M.H.E.., and 'luc^er, VT.LA., were among the speakers. A motion in favour of a Conciliation and Arbi tration Act being applied to Victoria and the Commonwealth was carried with applause. * * * The freedom hitherto obtaining at the Melbourne Public Library is to be curtailed. At a meeting of trustees held a few days ago, it was proposed to erect barriers of some kind at the entrance of the different ' bays,' and to prohibit access to same without permits. Visitors were to be allowed to use books on application to attendants, but to be com pelled to read them at central table in main hall. * ?#? # A country correspondent writes: — 'In the Shire of Ararat most of the casual' work is done by large landholders and others who have no moral right to enter the Laboilr market in competition with the legitimate worker Each statement of accounts is graced by the names of independent tradesmen and boss ' cookies ' who sometimes hold indi vidually as much as 4000 acres of agricultural land. These gentry rake in the best part of the Government subsidy per medium of the dividend-yielding culvert, and afterwards yell furiously about the . danger of Socialistic legislation. Our modern Dives condescends to compete with Lazarus for even the crumbs. Verify, the meanness of Kyabram is shudder ?ome !' 'Smike' Avrites to the effect that he would like to see a Socialist Party in Australian politics, but that while all Socialists are Demo crats, all Democrats are not Socialists. There fore, failing a Socialist Party, let a strong and staunch Democratic Party keep going. * * * ? . Recently a number of Chicago people formed a league against the abuses of mothers-in-law ; but after a few meetings had been held, they were obliged to abandon it. A body of elderly lad es raided the league, and the panic ?tricken members, so it is reported, fled in all directions. * * ♦ At a recent meeting of the Penshurst Mechanics' Institute, four applications were received ior the position of librarian, care fciker and secretary at d62o a year. Among the applicants for the combined position Avere three women and one man — the latter alleged to be a returned contingenter. It appears' that one of the women proved successful. How The Tocsi n is appreciated in Westralia is shown by the following from a correspon dent at Kookynie. In submitting the appre ciation, reference is made to a prominent gold fields Labourite : ' He (U. M'C.) con siders The Tocsin the best of all Labour papers, and I can assure you his opinion is worth having. ' * * «? ' Glenara ' writes : — 'Close to Ararat were some allotments of ground left Aracant to provide positions for workmen's residences. But recently some wealthy farmers and dealers marked off sites whereon to build their ' mansions.' It is surprising how all sense of fair play departs from the average man when ? he has inked in a considerable amount of coin ' * * * A Brisbane correspondent writes to the London ''Times'' on 'Sugar and Shearers' He is very much concerned about the sugar planters and squatters, and calls upon in ventors to set to work on improved shearing, cane-cutting and trashing machines in order to enable the ' pore ' squatter to g(-t his work done more cheaply and so kill the de mand for high wages. . . * ? » ♦ Another Westral'an appreciation. FZ. ?writes : — ' I was talking to the members of the Kookynie Workmen's Club, and they in tend to get copies of The Tocsin sent to them . I am lending mine everywhere, although I ' don't like parting with them. I had not read the last when a boy called for it for his father to read, and I can't get it back It is travel ling from one to the other.' * # * A comparison of Savings Banks deposits in eleven countries places Denmark first per head of population (£15 lls O'.Ul.), and Great . Britain last (M 2s. okl.) Australia is fifth (£d 6s 41} d ) and the United States seventh (£0 4s lO^.d.) Yet a comparison of this kind is no indication of the wealth of the indivi dual Avorker ; for it is well known that a Danish Avage-serf is far Avorse paid than his British brother. He who lets the world, or his oavii portion of it, choose his plan of life for him, has no need 'of any other faculty than the ape-like one of imitation. He who chooses his plan for himself employs all his faculties. He must use observation to see reasoning and judg ment to foresee, activity to gather materials for decision, discrimination to decide, and when he has decided, firmness and self-control to hold to his deliberate decision. — J. S. Mill. * » ? J.K. (Maroona) writes: — 'Taverner, at the moment, is cutting up the few poor remnants of public land we have still left w-th a view to the early alienation of same. Why does he not go to busidess properly, and induce the Government, of Avhich he is a member, to put a compulsory resumption clause in the Vic torian Land Act ? A trifle like that would very soon put the people in possession of their lost inheritance. Millions of acres of the best land in this State are monopolised for the glory and profit of a handful of Tories, and to remedy this evil something effectual must promptly be done If Tavern er Avants seriously to cut a big figure in the history of his country, let him lease said acres on decent terms to the people.' * * # Political programme of German Social Temocratic Party: — 1. One vote for every adult man and woman ; a holiday to be elec tion day ; payment of members. 2. The Government to be responsible to Parliament, local self-government; referendum. 3. In troduction of the militia system. 4 .Freedom of speech and freedom of the press. 6. Equality of man and woman before the Liav. 6\. Disestablishment of the churches. 7. Un denominational school?, with compulsory at tendance and gratuitous tuition 8. Gra tuitousness of legal proceedings. 9. Gratui tous medical attendance and burial. 10. ProgressiAre income tax and succession duty. * ♦ ? As a set-off to Chamberlain's preferential tariff, it is interesting to. quote some British imports : — Russia, j£i),500,O0'J Avorth of corn stuffs ; France a little over half a million ? Germany, a million and a half ; the United States, about 24 i millions ; Canada some four and a half millions ; and Australia one and a half millions. The principal import from Germany is sugar (in all of the value of nine and a half million pounds) ; from France silk manufactures (about nine millions), and Avoollen manufactures (about five millions) ; from the United States (excluding the corn), cotton material (about 34 millions), meat (about 2') millions), and tobacco (about 4 :'{ millions). Coal and iron are the principal exports, and '» the case of the Continent, coal especi illy so. Whoever knew Truth put to the worst in a free and open encounter ? — Milton ? ? ? A Japanese story- writer has just finished a novel in 90 flumes * # ?» 'Worker' writes: 'Allow me to congratu late the little Tocsin and all concerned for the bright and interesting neAvs of 'each issue.' ♦ # * Four schemes for the sanitation of Ebnoro (Vic.) Avere recently put forward, at costs ranging from ;(-500 to £!JO0. This Avas done in consequence of complaints from ratepayei*s that one or two localities were hotbeds of disease in summer. Eventually it Avas decided to remove the old drains where the nuisance Avas greatest, and to replace them with new drains. Ths work is new being carried out. ♦ * # Albury has a temporary eommon, and ap plications for leasing large blocks of it formed the subject of a public meeting held last Aveek to protest against such alienation The mayor presided, and a resolution was carried urging upon the Now South Wales Lands Depart ment the necessity of having the common mad* the permanent property of the people. It Avas deeded -o petition ? the Government through the Minister of Lands. «? * * ' Bohemian ' writ- ? re a Labour daily : ' 1 Avould urge upon those mostly active in th-;i attempt to establish a Labour daily 'that the sincerity and unswerving allegiance demanded of Democracy's disciples cannot be measured by Aveisrht of Avealth accruing to present effort, but rather in the earnest, expression of ' Well done, thou good and faithful one!' to that ever persistent, consistent and valiant little ad vocate of the people's cause — Thk Tocsin ' ♦ ♦ # Queensland is a favourable instance of nn Australian State heavily mortgaged to ihe London moneylender. it has gone again to the usurer for a further loan ojc' JiToO.1 ?no ;it Hi per cent. — a very low quote — and this, it is stated, is due to urgmit demands for money to carry on the Government of the State. Th k Tocsin is now waiting for somebody to rise up and denounce the Labour Party for the mis government of Queensland. * * * The, fact that only bv a majority of IS the Bartori Government succeeded in getting its Naval Agreement Bill past the Labour Party's amendment is sufficient proof that it is not palatable. If the Government hud desired to test public approval or disapproval of its action in committin-r the Australian people to a scheme in which they were never consulted, wha.t harm could there have been in waiting till the elections came round, and gone to the country on it ? * * * The annual report on kanaka immigration into Queensland for 1902 shows that 17 vessels arrived, bringing 1131) labourers, and 14 vessels carried back 177o returned islanders. Re cruiting boats Avere fired on in five instances, one being, fatal. The number of deaths of kanakas in Queensland Ayas 827, as compared with 297 in the previous.,' year. The\kanaka population in Queensland' at /.the ond M last year was 8878, as compared with y,H*l 1 in the previous year. ;? ' .... : ', ' *. ' Hotwind ' writes :f- ' The working, dlasses — the mechanics, farmers, etc.-, etC.-^flo not realise that they ought' to 'be all.' united' ; they are not conscious of the fact that their in terests are identical, and that- they/form one large class diffemnt to the^capitiilist class.' He thinks that there can be no harmony be^ twoen capitalists and Avorkers, because 'our money system makes the possessoi^s of capital selfish and competition in trade makes even the kind-hearted employer hard and exacting.' * * * A t the last meeting of the Goulburn Shire Council attention was drawn to the over crowding of the public school in Nagambie. It Avas reported that over 2--O children were stuffed into rooms that would not hold 150 and besides the danger to the health of chil dren and teachers, proper instruction could not be given under the existing conditions. It was decided to ask the member for the dis trict, and also the members for adjoining electorates, to bring the matter before the Education Department. ♦ * ? The pavements in the main business thoroughfare of Yarrawonga hare fallen into a disi'eputable and dangerous condition. Porno months ago the shire council endeavoured to raise a loan, portion of the money to be ap plied towards assisting the shopkeepers to asphalt the pavements. The. loan was suc cessfully opposed by the ratepayers, and the council has now notified the business people that if they do not put the pavements oppo site their premises in proper repair the council will have the asphalt pulled up and gravel substituted. ? ? ? The other day in the Senate, Senator Pearee (W.A.) asked the Vice-president of the Executive Council the following question .- — 'Inview of the known desire of /Anarchists, Nihilists, and others to strike doAvn the repre sentatives of popular Government, as in the case of the late President M'Kinley, and in view of the desire expressed by a Mr. J. 0. Campbell, M.L.C , at Dandenong, Victoria, as reported in the 'Ago' of July 21, that 'if hanging was to take place, he considered the Ministry of the Federal Parliament should be strung up,' Avhat steps do the Government propose to take to guard the lives of the members of the Ministry ?' Senator 0 Connor replied that he did not suppose that the honoxivable Senator seriously required an answer to this question. To which Pearco retorted. ' Rather ! ' O'Connor then said that he.Avo!ild have to disappoint him. 