MISCELLAWEOUSJTEWIS. King Edward has received greab ovations duVr^ in the streets of M «£d. ^ It legated thab the W^,^. donald left all hia property bo hi jul The French . new.pg.rs wrduj lv the projected ,...t of King Www Mr. Garland has rece veu » ..---- ~ latory messages from all parts of 'W . , Sixty warrant f^JPoftffJLL have been promoted oe^ab ^ ^ Cambridge won ths 'U'g, oreW ea8i,y. the Thames, defeating the uxior 'The 'German Emperor's tactful »Pee.che8aloD Copenhagen have created a favourable impres sion there. ^ The labour candidabe ab Tamworbh, Mr. Thrower, was badly beaten. He only polled 164 vobes. Floods in Mississippi (U.S.A.) have done damage esbimatedab £5,000,000 to bhe cobton plantabions. A hundred thousand men engaged 10 bhe Ameiican building trades are on strike in bhe chief cities. ' The King Ima entered a horse in the St. Louis (U.S.A.) World's Fair race, for which., ihe priza is £10,000. Five thousand immigrants luvve paused through Montreal, en route to tin north-wesb of Canada, since Sunday. Advices state that a number of Albanians re cently attacked tho town of Okhrida and mae Bacreci Christian inhabitants. The directors of the London docks estimate bhe purchase price cf the douk», under the Port of London Bill, at £30,000,000. Mr. Garland, tho reform candidate, won the Tarn worth election by a substantial imjoriby, securing 688 votes bo Mr. Walsh's 551. Presidenb Roosevolt fiaya that no foreign Power will quarrel over the Monroe doctrine if America continues building up her navy. His Majesty King Edward wns accorded u magnificent welcome on his visit bo Lisbon. Hu was received by King Carlou of Portugal. Thirty thousand Finns have applied for im migration permits to the Tram vaal. Many are willing lo supply cheap labour ou the Rand. The West Australian Government intends in future to take stringent action with regard to imported fruit infected by the codliu moth. A cheque for £16 15s has (been received by ? the Drought Relief committee from Fiji, bhe greater number of contributors being natives. The Boer delegates returned bo Sydney on Tueaday from Victoria. After visiting the Ehow bhey will leave on Saturday for Hobarb. The German Emperor, in bidding farewell to the King of Denmark, said he would henceforth regard himself as a son of the Danish House. In PariB it ib considered that much signifi cance attaches to the &udden; departure of the Grand Duke Vladimir from Russia for Vienna. In a motor-racing accident at Nice, Count Zborowski and his mechanician were killed. The oar ran into a rock when going 60 miles an hour. The army of bhe Mullah of Somaliland ia. suffering greatly, and the women and children, captured ab Galadi wero in a shocking con dition. * j, A reservist' 'who formerly Borved under Major-General Macdonald has shob himaelf being distressed in mind by his ceneralC Huioido. B Scenes of indescribable enthusiasm on tha part of bhe populace of Lisbon took place whon formed r°yal P™0688*™ was For bhe nine months of the Queensland flnan. oial year the revenue decreased £193000. J;5°dlta for the »«? Period deorid The presence in Now South Wales of a verv serious epidemic of disease amongst Sal ofTeaUh.^ tyPh°id' i8 n0Ufi0d h* ^ BP0S lat?&» ' \ tfhe minorB and townsmen nf tm have resolved bo rZt hy ty^ Z M their power the introduction of ?ZJST? I* the country. Asiatics ujto. The Mullah of Somalilanrl u«. 12,000 broopB Rb wXe 1 we« ^on«e«-tratecl Clan Macdonald88ocLty propEo ' ,!!;8h' *!,, of a memorial. * lJroP0Bei» the ei'O(..j,joa In an engagement betwoon Roma,, n . Albanians and Turkish troops a nMlloli« Bovoral houaoB wcto burnt and V ni'1««/.o1 peraona killod. and a n»mbor u| ? A Authorisation under tho t-oii - I tionslawin France has 1 ¥°m »'«o,,». I preaching monk'. B oruere, a[K\ ^^ ? 1 