GENERAL INFORMATION. The cost of St. Peter's, in Rome, was over £14,000,000. Each person in thc civilised world consumes an average of 80 lbs. of meat yearly. * It is estimated that the death-rate of the world is 67 a nV'iute, and the birth rate 70 a minutl. Thc population of Zululand is a- bout 150,000 of whom only 500 arc Europeans. « Reed pens, split at the ends like quill pens, have been found in Egyptian tombs, dating probably 2500 B. C. » A sugar company in Hawaii expects to produce an average of live tons of sugar per acre for its whole property of 4,600 acres. * The world's ships carry 180,000, 000 tons of merchandise a year, and of this one-quarter by weight is coal and one-tenth wheat. In Hungary, a black cloud suddenly obscured the sky, and a shower of greenish, opalescent'insects began to descend, covering the ground to a depth of a foot. Chinese immigration to Australia has almost entirely ceased. Masters of vessels are forbidden under a heavy penalty, to bring more than one Chinaman to every 300 tons. ( Danish railways are now being supplied with Canadian coal by the Dominion Coal Company, which has secured contracts in Europe for the supply of 50,000 tons of fuel. All the descendants of Brigham Young, the founder of Mormonism, are to meet at Salt Lake City, Dtah They will include 47 children, 294 grandchildren, and 745 great-grandchildren. In the" schools of Japan the English language is required to be taught by law. The Japanese youth in the open ports and commercial cities arc all eager to learn English as a passport to wealth, position, and employment. » Some of the wooden churches of Norway are fully 700 years old, and are still in an excellent state of preservation. Their timbers have successfully resisted the frosty and almost Arctic winters because they have been repeatedly coated with tar 1 Gigantic water power developments arp projected in the Alps. There are noto in the French Alps 48 factories supplied by 250,000 horse-power, electrically generated. Engineers estimate that 3,000,000 horse-power is now running to waste in the Alps. 1 At Buda-Pesth the wooden pavements of a whole street has just been stolen.in broad daylight and in view of the police. Thc thief appeared in the forenoon with a gang of labourers, vbom he ordered to pull up the pavement, which he sold forthwith, promptly decamping with the proceeds. $ The two oldest secret trade processes now in existence ore said to be the manufacture of Chinese red, or vermilion, and the method of inlaying the hardest steel with gold and silver, which seems to have been practicpd at Damascus ages ago, and is knoifrn oniy to the Syrian smiths and their pupils even to this day. At 5 years of age boys are generally taller than girls ; but the girlB appear to equal them at the eleventh year, after which the boys rise a- gain above- the girls for two years. At about twelve years the girls suddenly become taller than the boys, continuing until the fifteenth year, when the boys regain their superiority in stature. 1 One of the peculiar features of trade in China is thc great quantity of old iron imported—plates, tubes, waggon tires, horseshoes, railway . spikes, wire rope, hoops, and genera) scrap-iron. This is worked over, welded together and put to various uses in the small blacksmith, shops throughout thc country. It illustrates the intense economy of the people and the small value of labor. 