EARTH'S GIRDLE. Cables Received After Our Last Edition Went to Press Yesterday. ftl'MILLAN speaks. LONDON, Wednesday.— In the course of an address delivered before the Australasian . Chamber of Commerce, Sir William M'MlIlan said the principal question ot practical poli- tics was how to evolve a political union of the three great federated nations— Australia, Canada, and South' Africa.- Each had an essentially different climate and surroundings. The uiilon should lie elastic, so as to aliow each sphere to- move freely in its own orbit.' Seagirt Australia was .widely different t' rem the others, and tho difitculty lay in Austra lians being a British western people, with nn eastern destiny. , The first duty was to se cure peaceful industry, ami. to uaiio niui Lne whole world .upon amicable principles. There fore the Empire ought to pause before putting herself as the commercial antagonist en other countries. Such a political union might 1-esult In the most enormous force in the world, but they must not tie the strings too closely. Sir William M'MlIlan did not favour tho suggestion that New /.e<ila..d should found a Pacific- federation, which, lie .thought, would be disastrous to the Empire1. The Australian and New Zealand federations might have differences that the motherland would be unable to adjust. Australia would secure an excellent bargain if she got the benefit of the Imperial navy lor double or treble the amount she \vas now asked. to contribute. The Idea of nn Austra lian navy was midsummer madness. Sir Wil liam went on to say that the Commonwealth had been terribly humiliated by the exclusion vt the hatters. Ho submitted that no decent British subject should be excluded, and ex pressed his Intention of testing the opinion of Australia oil the clause In the Immigration Restriction Act dealing with the matter. Aus tralia had borrowed too quickly anil spas modically, but If the railways were offered to the British Investor she would probably get the whole Australian debt subscribed. At tho same time he was glad that public opinion bad 'awakened to -the rather fast and reckless expenditure. As to the idea that the State must find employment for the peo ple Sir William M'Millan said ho regarded this as a most vicious principle. Mr. E. T. Doxat, of Messrs. Dalgety and Co., presided at the meeting, at which there were also present several prominent Austra lians. vindicated."" LONDON, Wednesday.— Owing to the judi cial strictures passed upon Ills directorship of the' bankrupt Teleseriptor Syndicate Mr. Wm. Hayes Flshor Has resigned his position as Financial Secretary to the Treasury. He assured tlie House of Commons last night that he was not aware a co- director had sold any shares to .the public, and that he bad that day spent £5000 purchasing at pAr every share thus sold. A hi hi c fiecrS tho Premier assured MivFlshsr thai Ills action had raised I1I3 reputation for liniiour and Integrity. Sir Hc-nt'V Campbell-' Bannerniann sympathised with Mi'. Fisher, anil commended his aclidn. while Ml'. E. Blake, on behalf of the Irish party/declared that Mt\ Fisher lvad vindicated his reputa tion. , ' dreyfus drama.- LONDON, Wednesday.— Coritlhuilig . his speech In the French Chamber of Deputies on the Dreyfus ease M. Jaures urged that all In quiry should be made into Gehei'nl Pellleiix's letter.. Genera! Andre, Minister far Witr, said the Government Intended to facilitate a search Into the truth of the matter. The In-' vestlgations of the Minister for War had brought to light General PeUieiix'S letter, the text of which was Identical with that read by ' M. Jaures. Magistrates ivodld assist in the inquiry. (Cheers.) The Chamber, by 250 , votes to 70, expressed its confidence In tlie Government, and a resolve to keep the Drey fus affair within the judicial domain. education,- . LONDON, Wednesday. — The Loildon Educa tion Bill, which has been read the first time in tlit Commons, provides that the County Council shall be the educational authority through a committee in which there shall be 36 representatives of the -eouiicil. and one member for each borough council, 'besides ret presentatlyes of voluntary schools. The borough councils are to manage the council schools. It. is provided that the bill shall become operative in 1904. There Is violent Radical opposition to the measure, en route for rome. LpNDON, Wednesday.— Great enthuslasiii prevailed In Lisbon to-day wlieii King. Ed ward took his departure for Rolne. In a short address on board the Royal yacht His Majesty affirmed that beyond the alliance between Great Britain anil Portugal wns,. a deep-rooted mutual trust between tlie tiyb nations. Kiiig Cai loh whs equally cordlhl'lii his remarks. . The Royal yacht was acedm- panled by Portuguese cruisers for' 20 miles. chinese concession. LONDON;- Wednesday.— China has agreed to give the British Chinese Corporation' a t oncesslon of the Shanghai-Nanking railway, with 5 per cent, commission oii all material. A 5 per cent, loan of £3;500i000,ot £90 has beer, arranged. bishop Webber" LONDON, Wednesday.— Dr. Webber; Bislibp of Brisbane, is a passenger for Australia by the R.M.S. Opliir, but as he lias frequently been unconscious SI nee the vessel sailed It IS feared that lie will not survive the voyage; THIRtY millions. LONDON, Wednesday. — The directors of the various London docks estimate that tlie purchase price under the Port of London Bill will be £30,000,600;.. kaiser's farewell. LONDON, Wednesday.— Tiie kaiser Iii (dkr ing farewell of King Christian declared that henceforth lie would consider himself d son of tlie Danish liouse. a lock-out! .. LONDON, Wednesday.— A general Iookoiit lias been declared lit Amsterdam.. Some of tlie engine-drivers lia'jm resumed ivork; ' " " trade. i"-"! LONDON, Wednesday.— During the last quarter the Imports of the United Kingdom Increased by £0,01S,663; -and the exports, by £2,890;95G. ... . ... . 