? It is estimated that the consumption of meat in England aggregates 113 pounds a head per year. .-Practically the entire commercial wealth of India's 300,000,000 inhabitants is in the hands of 90,000 Parsees and Rajahs. . Tn ..England, 350,000 people are engaged in the leqlher trade. They turn out manufactured products worth 20 millions a year. Immigrants are arriving so fast at New York ' that the force of immigration inspectors finds it ., inppossible to attend to them without working day arid night. The British Journeymen Bakers' Association recently voted John Burns 250 dol. as a slight recognition of his advocacy of their cause in and out of Parliament. The report of the Salmon Pack from Puget Sound for this season just closing is very gloomy. Less than '.18,000 cases is the total, showing a shortage of 125,000 as compared with the catch of last year. A Commonwealth Freetrade League has been formed in Sydney, and an influential committee appointed to stimulate active propagandist work throughout Australia. " Now, Tommy," said an anxious mother to her •small son, " the minister will be here to dinner today, ' and you mast be sure to wash your face clean." "All right, mamma." answered Tommy; "but suppose he doesn't come ?" "John" Becomes Anglicised. The labour question in South Africa has passed through many phases, but there is a new development. The Chinese themselves have met in Johannesburg to protest against any importation of their fellow countrymen. In the days of "Good Queen Bess" the deathrate was 80 per thousand per annum ; to-day it is 18 per 1000 per annum. Where sixty years ago 100 persons died from smallpox, but about five die now. Deaths from fever have fallen by 85 per cent, typhoid by 60, scarlet fever by 81, and consumption by 46 per cent. From 1861-5 scarlet fever killed 982 persons per million ; it now barely accounts for 100. How is this for decadent Freetrade England ? The Tonnage Tax collected at the seaports of the United States from vessels in the foreign trade during the fiscal yeafc ended June 30, 1903, .amounted to 883,434-77 dols. Of this amount British vessels paid 510,570.80 dols.; German, 122,311.10 dols.; American, 71,970.20 dols. ; Norwegian, 36,515.12 dols.; French, 29.156.73 dols.; Italian, 28,447.50 dols.; Spanish, 22.377.40 dols.; Danish, 11,85'2.37 dols.; Belgian, 10.599.24 dols.; all others, 38,274.12 dols. The collections for the year were 14,650.86 dols. greater than for 1902, and are ' the largest, except in 1901, since the law was changed, in 1884. " Can you tell me anything about Chamberlain's Preferential Tariffs ?" " Yes. I am convinced that they are an absolute cure for OBESITY. They should be taken IN- STEAD OP BREAD ; they are more economical, and will touch even the SIMPLEST X,IVER. They are warranted free from anything injurious to the most delicate CONSTITUTION." , " I thought it was a 1 patent * policy, and I greatly dislike political remedies of that kind." "You are quite mistaken. The Preferential Tariffs are recommended by company-promoters, would-be-Peer- journalists, Birmingham manufacturers, South African millionaires, place- hunting Liberal-Unionist Imperialists, alien ^financiers, speculators, and ether professional men." " What do they say about them 5?" " They all agree that Chamberlain's Preferential Tariffs are GRATEFUL and comforting ; that they will invigorate a WEAK MTNISTRY, and will supply STRENGTH an<J ENERGY to the Tory-Unionist-Imperialist Party." " Protection is better than Competition. No EMPIRE is complete without CHAMBERLAIN'S PREFERENTIAL TARIFFS. They will give Life (-pensions) to the —London " Truth." -- Aged." A Casual Observation.. . Dar's nuffin hyar but vanity An' riches an' insanity ; De dollah seems to be de people's god. Dar's a heap too many 'Scariots A-ridin' 'round in chariots, While de po' man am a-carryin' de hod. Dar's too much haste an' hurryin', An'too much wealth at buryiu', An' dis hyar t'ing am gittin' worse an.' worse, Hit takes all ob de rakin's, De scrimpins an'de scrap'ns To liquidate de 'spenses ob de hearse. Dar's heaps of care an' worry ; Ebberbody's in a hurry, An' de few am growin' richer ebb.ery day ; But de most of us must shovel For de children in de hovel An silently await de judgment day. —Ben King in the " Chicago Public." To Ward Off Sunstroke. An article in the " Coast Seamen's Journal," entitled " Hot Water and Sunstroke," deals with the danger from sunstroke to deck hands working under a burning sun t and quenching thirst with ice water or cold drinks. It urges that the body can be made proof against sunstroke or prostration from the oppressive heat even in a firehole, if a simple remedy, in use many years among dock labourers in tropical countries, is used in place of ice water or cold beverages. The natives of Liberia, India and South American countries withstand long hours of toil, without disastrous results from exposure to a temperature 115 to 120 Fahrenheit, by their quenching of the thirst for drink with hot teas from the Indian root, lemonade or plain hot water. The adoption of this simple custom will make men working under a tropical sun immune from sunstroke or prostration. Where the facilities for hot water are abundant, the men working will find it increase their comfort and give relief from the torturing sun if they will also bathe the entire body with hot towels during the noon hour. They will then realize that their hours of toil, with an occasional cup of hot water after dinner, will be borne with less distress from the heat. A person accustomed to drinking beer, whisky or ice water to cool the tongue parched by the heat, will find hot water at first to be nauseating for a few seconds, but as a preventative against sunstroke it outclasses beer, whisky and ice water, and should be given a fair trial. Men working under a blazing Australian sun might profit by this extract. Change of Environment. Ivar Jason concludes from a study of effects of the change of environment on the peasant class from Norway that the change including atmospheric conditions, dirt and drinking brings about ; first a loss in the buoyancy of bodily poise ; the elasticity of the gait is changed to clumsiness ; the people seem out of place. The lustre of the hair disappears and gives way to a dryness, followed by falling out. Often digestive disturbances supervene and constipation becomes very common. This is especially the case among young girls and women, and in their train we get congestion and toxemic maladies, anajmia, etc. If these people are young they become in a much higher de ree than formerly receptive to the contagion of tuberculosis, and if older, rheumatism becomes prevalent. In this same generation of people who have been transplanted into different life conditions, and who, on account of pre- existing conditions of sameness, have not yet acquired the toleration necessary to flourish in this new life, we also find a breaking down of the nervous system. In the hospitals for the insane the proportion of Scandanavians is quite appalling ; also of German, Swiss and allied peoples. Sometimes we may get the opposite effect of the stimulus applied, namely, the 'kindling into activity of potential mental energies. And from the simple peasant lads we derive acute financiers, politicians who come to the front, great professionals and talented devotees in the various branches of art. This mental activity, however, does not prevent physical decay or degeneration, and often a brilliant career is cut short by tuberculosis, cancer, premature fibrosis, etc. The children of these transplanted people show increased receptivity to dis ease, especially tuberculosis.— Northwest Medicine. 