FARMERS' CONVENTION. > THE GOVERNOR ON HURAL IN DUSTRIES. FBOM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER, The annual conference of the Chamberpot (Agriculture and Rural Producers' Associa- tion was opened at - Colac on Wednes day by his Excellency the State Governor, Sir George Sydenham Clarke. ; His. Excellency,, a ccompanied .by the Premier (Mr. Irvine) and the Chief Secretary (Mr. Murray), travelled to Colac by special train, ' which reached the Colac station about 12.45. A large and- representative number of delegates had ar rived ' the day before, and by the morning train. A guard of honor, composed of a de- ... tachiiicnt of the local mounted rifles, met . /his .Excellency on arrival,, and the local band enlivened the proceedings with appro priate music. The visitors were driven to the Victoria Hall, where the local com mittee entertained the vice-regal and Min isterial representatives and the visiting delegates at luncheon. Mr. "J. Hancock; president of the shire of Colac, occupied; the chair at the lun- . cheon, and proposed the toast of the Go vernor. . , His Excellency was received with cheers, and in replying, said that this was not his first experience in the neighborhood of Colac. Eighteen mouths ago he had gone down to the Beeeli Forest, and the day re mained a perfectly clear recollection in Ins mind. It poured with rain, but, notwith standing, they .spent a most charming and enjoyable time. (Laughter.) - There was .very little a Governor co'uld. do, whatever liis inclination, but it was his wish to for ward every interest of Victoria. There was no greater interest than that which this conference was' endeavoring to pro- . mote, the interest connected with the land, / One other thing a Governor might do. was .to promote a strong sentiment of lpve for, and a greater knowledge of, the old coun try. There was nothing stronger than sen timent. It was one of the forces which moved the world. There was. a new gene.tt- tion growing up which knew nothing of Ilia old land, and it was all the more necessary to cherish a sentiment which would keep 'them a united people, loyal to one King and Government, and loyal to one Empire. (Cheers.)- OPENING OF THE CONVENTION, His Excellency, who was received with cheers, said it was a particular pleasure to him to open the convention, because he iirmlv believed that the great industries of the land werqthe backbone of the pros perity of the State. (Hear, hear.) The more fie saw of this wonderful country the more certain he was that these, great industries, should be more widely and .thoroughly de veloped. There were three things needed to ensure progress — co-operation, association and. organisation. These were long Latin words, but they eoukl not do without them. \- Farmers in all countries found it diliicult to combine, because of the special condi tions of their life. They lived far apart from each other, and their- occupation was continuous. Even if those happy conditions arrived when farmers would be able to go about on automobiles, the same difReulties for farmers generally would exist. (Laugh ter.) They had not the same opportunities of coming together for llie interchange of views as the dwellers in towns. He there fore viewed the convention as extremely im portant, and hoped it would be the precur sor of many others. Victoria was pre-emi nent among the States of Australia as an agricultural country. It had absolutely by far the greatest area under agriculture, and 111 proportion to its people an nrea which was enormously greater than that of any other State. The value of the total agricultural production of 1901-1902 was far greater than in any other Australian State, and was more than a fourth of the total agricultural production of Australia. In certain crops Hie Victorian. averages were higher. Much of the Victorian land was of excellent quali ty. The Boer delegates said they had never seen land anywhere that would compare with it. The land in New. Zealand ' could not hold a candle' to it. There was much land also which, with a little more scientific treatment, could be made extremely productive. The possibili ties of Victorian production were only now beginning to be realised. The high prices given for land, the information given by the Agricultural department and a gather ing like this were nappy auguries for the future. More than 2000 years ago an ancient Roman wrote a treatise on agriculture. He said two things were necessary to success. A farmer should feed his stock well, and a good husbandman should be a seller and not a buyer. This ancient Roman did not know anything about butter— or if he did lie used it 011 the outside of his pevson in stead of inside. (Laughter.) He did not know anything about Australia, but he (the speaker) thought they would admit that it was profitable to feed stock well. If bet ter provision had been made in this, direc tion there would not have been quite so much loss through the recent drought. Now, just as it was 2000 years ago, it should be the object of the farmer to be as much as possible a seller — that was to get an much as hq could out of the soil by se lecting the crop which could be grown to the most economical advantage. 1 .LT10 most important matter before them . was that dealing with the export trade in agricul- tural-products;". There was no doubt/ that the- export trade could be- very, largely de veloped and the prosperity of the State greatly increased. The rapid 'growth of the butter -/trade showed what could be done. " The decrease due to - the /drought might have been: prevented to a great ex tent if proper provision : had- been made. The foreign butter, market was- a very large one indeed. They had great competitors. Danish; production had almost approached a maximum. Then there was Siberia and Argentina. . Siberian production had in creased very ; much- within the, last few years, but it must be possible for them to compete with Siberia, with its adverse' climate, while as. . regarded Argentina . the " resourcefulness or- our race should enable it to compete with Argentina and win. The frozen meat mar ket was also a very large one, and was perfectly certain to increase. They did not play as great a part in that market as tliey should. New Zealand had made enormous strides in this trade, and Argentina: also. There was. a great future for' the farmers of Victoria in it. The cheese, market seemed to be neglected. He had been told that cheese at Gd. paid better than butler at 1/. The cheese export for. -Victoria in 1901 was only 113,000 lb., while in that year New South Wales, imported 1,750,000 lb. Surely that great market just over, the Murray was open for Victorian cheese. With regard to the foreigii wheat market he was less sanguine. Looking to the future, he thought it would be more and more difficult to compete in the great wheat markets of tlie -world. Canada in fifteen yeaTs would be able to produce the whole of the wheat , the United Kingdom required. The production of Argentina was increasing by leaps and bounds. Egypt, with irrigation, would be able to produce wheat with absolute regularity and cer tainty. The Victorian wheat crop average for ten years was only 7 J bushels. For the same period the average for the United Kingdom was 31 bushels. This showed- that the Victorian wheat' crop at the best was a very thin crop indeed. The wheat produc tion of Australia ws the smallest of any in the world— considerably less than. that, of the little country of Rumania and consider ably less also tban that of Argentina. There was always the Australian home market, which would grow with increased population; but with regard to the foreign market, he was afraid that the competition would be too severe. Japan would take very much more - wheat in the future, but there, again, Canadian competition would come in. In the year 1901 the value of the. wheat crop in Victoria was £1 3/7 per acre, oats £2 14/0, barley £4 ll/2Ju»d=sma5qJ£7 13/6. Experience bad els of maize to the aeriF and among otlierayvtuper were crops'" such as ._ millet, /s6iWum and/wO-apF' which held out gopdMrospectfuVYYifli re gard to flax, the regulti of iVcrb\r at Ti-a/rfl; gon gave £3 per aqre-fqr 120 aci-es.Ltto' was one very dark patLin-tho-tRbokof Australia in ,connectR>i w>itK\f-JjB4fiqn of population. It wasTf-matterr which caused him real anxiety with regard to the future of Victoria. The great growth. ..of the United . States and its immense pros perity, and enormous impetus given to Canada, had arisen entirely by the influx of population, . Canada itself received an addi tion of nioi-e than 200,000 emigrants in one year, men who would go straight on to tlie land and add very much to the wealth of the Dominion. The Victorian birth rate was declining. During forty years it had fallen from 43.3 to 25.7 per 1000. - It was ah enormous falling off, considering the fact that emigration from Victoria ex ceeded immigration. _ He was not sure whether the production of children came within the curriculum of an agricultural society — (laughter) — but the question of population had "a very great deal to do with the progress of agriculture in Victoria. They must not expect any great 01 perman ent progress for tJie State unless there was an increase of population 011 the land. The Premier had one great advantage over a Governor— he could say what lie liked. (Laughter.) He had great pleasure in opening the convention, and trusted its de liberations lYbuld benefit the agricultural interest. Hfc hoped another convention would be held next year,, and that he would be here to open it. (Cheers.) 