NOTES FROM VARIOUS SOURCES Dr. Matthew.. Hay,, medical ofilccr of health for Aberdeen, -in; his annual- report to the corporation, directs attention to the growing use of methylated spirits as nil in- toxicant. i he traffic amongst those who drrnk it is, he is told, mainly in halfpenny and pennyworths;, and as much can he got for a penny as would be equivalent lo two glasses of whisky. The craze for amusement seems to have spread to Hie lieu house. At any rate, the latest recipe for making liens lay early and often is to keep their 'minds pleasantly oc cupied and thoroughly amused. This is ivhnt free imports have brought us to. The British fanner is now; to fight the competi tion of his French nnd 'Danish rivals by nnticking about in, the. fowl run to make his liens happy. ; It is generally admitted that. brown bread is more nutritious than that made from the finer white flour alone, and this is due to the fact that the former contains in due proportion that peculiar nitrogenous body to which tiie name of cercalin lias, been as signed by chemists, and ..which is closely allied in its composition and action to diastase of malt. This cerealiu exercises an energetic action on starch, and transforms it, into a brown adhesive mixture of dextrin nnd sugar! Good' whole-meal bread of , a rather, .dark texture should, and in the ma- jority.-of cases does, contain the proper pro portions of fills,- pruieius auu curbu-hy- drntes- to constitute an : energy-supplying food of, the highest value, and that is more than can be said of the finest white bread unless to the flour has been added some other substance, such as milk. .Commander Robert E. Fonry has just announced liis definite intention to renew, next year his attempt to reach the North; Vole. For eleven years he lias been con tinuously engaged in the work of North' Polar ipxploration, and his first expedition to the Arctic regions dates back as far as 1881). r On two great expeditions, in 1891-1)2 and 1S93-95, lie twice traversed tlio extreme north west corner of Greenland, and reached its northern coast, thereby estab lishing, to all intents and purposes, the insularity of what is one ol the largest iao-. laled land masses in the world. Extreme'- cold, blinding snow storms, difficult coudi- tiens of travel, scarcity of food— alt tiie usual -hardships which have to be endured, nil the usual 'difficulties ..which have to be overcome by Arctic pxplorers, Peary , lias experienced to an unusual degree. Froni a recent statistical statement it. is estimated that one third of the Belgian people are illiterate', being unable to read and' write. - ' The report of the investigation to deter mine the -burial place of Robert Emmelt, issuediby Dr. Thomas' Addis Emmett, gives the details of an exploration made in St. Michael's Churchyard, Dublin, 'which lias been regarded by many as the true site, and Hie conclusion is thnt this spot docs not contain the body of Emmett. A skull arid bones taken from the grave were sub mitted to Sir Lambert H. Ormsby, pi-esi- deut'of the College of Surgeons, and lie re ported Hint the skull in question belonged to an aged man, and could not have been that of Robert Emmett, who had no.t reached his 25tli year. Dr. Emmett adds thnt1,,,by exclusion, the claims of ; St.. Peter's, Dublin, are ..increased,, but. Hie. question remains a mystery as before. : .- An American lady who," in companj'/ivitli her husband, was making Hie t'oiir of Lake Geneva in the steamer lost her temper when'.a German, tourist, whose seat she had taken on the deck, refused to be ousted,'1 The German had placed his overcoat on the Beat, and this the American threw over the rails into Hie water. On the boat ar riving at Geneva, -the German had the lady arrested, aud at the police station stated tlifit notes to the value of 1000 marks were in', a pocket book ivh'on the coat was thrown into t'lie ivatcr. The American lady,, paid the damnges; and before leaving $6uriUly rated tlio German for his want of jifltrihers.- ".Vi1 ' 'Vj-v-.-.'V ':)<; -r"':i', ; "A/wild woman. of the mountains lias been discovered iri the Bernese Alps ih most btrange circumstances.-; A sportsman from Lauenen, while on a deserted . portion of the Wildhorn, shot and wounded a chamois. . He 1 tracked the injured animal for a long distance along the rugged c'.iffs, when suddenly lie' heard not far away strange moans, as of some animal in pain. Led by the sounds, lie found on a narrow ledge of rock tiie prostrate form of a woman in apparently the last stage of star vation ' nhd exhaustion. Her bones were forcing thoir way through ' the skiii; her face was hidden, by a tangled, mass iff black hair,, which partially covered her -naked shoulders, her finger nails were sharp,- like the claws', of animals, and her bare feet were ; protected by a thick sole of horny cuticle. Her only covering was a scanty patchwork, of. sacking and odd rags. Her history is at present a mystery, but it is thought possible that she bus been de serted by some band of gypsies, and that she has been wandering .half-demented and alone on'. the Alps for many months. One of the many secret societies flourish ing; in. Sicily is Hint of the "33 Belie Signore," .which" is much talked about just now. , It consists only of women, who cele brate their, nieetings thrice a_, week at mid night,. Many strnrigo talcs are told of tlicir power, and it is believed they can cure all /maladies. '.They bind themselves by a" terrible oath , to obedience anil, secrecy, and the ignorant- peasantry believe that .oath,' breaking is punished by being changed- into a toad', for which reason they never harm any of these animals. A philosopher described the, affeetion'of a remarried widow ns a pocket telescope ivh'ich'; . magnifies her first husband tp' u giant- and reduces the second to a pigmy. But the rule is not without exceptioii, and perhaps one of the most remarkable on re cord is/a lady who hni'.s from Hie Bavarian city, of Munich. "Out of sight out of. mind''. -was -the mnxim of this ungrateful lady, to .whom' her better half bequeathed a large sum of money— enough to maintain her very comfortably for the rest of 'her days! But soon after the funeral the fickle lady set out 'for- Monte Carlo, where she gambled away liei-, fortune in the space of a fcv,--:iveeks. But her resourcefulness dis played itself anew in a most unusual way, which/is noiv the theme of. conversation ih the Bavarian capital. She actually sold the family. vault in the Campo Santo Cemetery, and, /together with it, parted .with the splendid tombstone erected to the memory of her "dearly beloved husband" for tho sum of GOOO marks, or £30! A few days ago the two coiiins containing the mortal remains of her late husband and his first wife, who died in 1S91, were disinterred, and removed to the common section of the churchyard, where -they were lowered into a grave which cost £1 5/. The inscription on -the artistic monument was removed' and , the present burial' place indicated '-by a flat slab. The proceeds of this extraor dinary sale found their way at onqe to Monte Carlo. The once wealthy lady is now a beggar, with no hope of retrieving her fortune or position. A ring, possessed by the lady superinten: dents at the New York immigrant depot; Eilis -Island, lias served to bind some 70,000 couples in matrimony. Thousands of girls arrive yearly from Europe witliout sufii- cient means, and they come- for Hie sole reason that their "young men" have writ- ton for them. These girls liaye tiie alterna tive put to tlieni — deportation or marriage on tiie spot. The men, who, as a rule, have been waiting on tiie landing stage, are called, in, ami the marriage performed. Six thousand marriages are, on tiie average, performed in a year on Ellis Island, and tiie ring necessary for that function is al ways lent for 'the occasion by the lady superintendent. . There is a steadily increasing diimarid for alligator skin, and" this fact lias induced a Florida, gentleman ;to purchase 300. acres of swamp land, which he intends to convert into a breeding place for alligators. A crop of. potatoes on an ncro of ordinary soil can be made to produce 3Q0 gallons of alcohol. f 