BISMARCK NEWS. [™>M ODE OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Wednesday last was a great day at Bismarck, when from tho whole countryside, tho settl.rs-mcn, women, and ohilddren—assembled at " Russoldale " to do honor to Mr and Mrs A. W. L. Southern, who arc relinquishing the charge of the local State school. Tho procoeding. took the form of a picnic in tho ample ground, of the Estate, and tbe tum-out, in point of attendancs and otherwise, was by general consent a record ons. The gathering was well described as a huge family party, and be.ide. representing tbe measure of esteem in which Mrand Mrs Southrobcld,itsflbrdcdto an outsider some idea of the extent to which the district has grown since tho first Danish and German immigrants took possession nearly thirty years since. Many ol tbsss 11 originals'.' were present on Wednesday, and whilst reletting to the days when they were " struggling settlers," seemed ovidently gratified with their successful emergence from their early trying conditions. Conspicuous amongst the older people was a venerable looking Dane, Mr Christian Mollcr, who has attained his 87th year, and prides himself npon being the oldest inhabitant of the mountain settlement. Tho assemblage includod afew visitors, suiongetwhom were tbe Hon. Tetley Gant, M.L.C., Mr John Hamilton, M.H.A., and Mr and Mrs Fred Rattle, and apologies were received from the Revs. H. H. Marten, and Alex. McCallum, Mr Russell Young, and Mr 13. Slioppard. Various games were indulged in until tea time, and at intervals the Bismarck Band supplied sorno pleasing items. Mr George Dahlko wielding the baton The ladies placed the tea cloth upon the grass, under tho shadow of a booth ol evergreens, with a lavish supply of good things, to which (after grace had boon sung) full justice was done by tbe great company. Tea over, Mr Hamilton was called upon to present Mr and MrB Southern with an illuminated address and purso of sovereigns from tho residents of Bismarck and Glenlusk. Tbe address set forth the high appreciation of the character and work of the rtcipionts during tbeir eleven years' residenco in tho district, and wished them every prosperity in their new sphere: Reference was niado to the invaluable help rendered by Mr Southern to the local Road Trust, Board ol Agriculture, horticultural Sooiety, and all movements loelcing tht welfare of tbe district. At the conclusion of Mr. Hamilton's rciarks, a deputation of girl pupils, con- sisting of Missss Emma Schlitzkus, Victoria • Williams, Ruth Fchlborg, aud Louisa Brandstator, cauic forward to ask their -teaebers' acceptance of a largo fraufad photograph of the school children. A letter of farewell, couched in beautiful language, from tho pon of Mr Moller (the ecniprjseidenl] .was read by Mr 12. A. Hall, and Mr Gant made a few remarks, eulogising the guests of the day. Mr Southern, who, on rising to respond, received 'quite an ovation, thanked them aU for tholr great kindness, it painful for his wife and himself to r themsolves from a peoplo who had always regarded thorn " as part of the family; 1 ' he had howovor been very much drawn to the spooial work of technioal oducation, and felt it bis duty to devote himself to its advanoemont in the State. In addressing himself to tho children, Mr Southern Bpoko with ovidont emotion; he thanked them for tboir beautiful present, and earnestly doBirod tbat they would continue to apply tbemselvos to their studies, under their now teacher. Miss Harris, who was now in charge of tho school, was recognised fts a teacher of much ability, aud he felt sure that, under her instruction, they would give a good sooountof themselves. Alter the presentation the children, led by Mrs Uilner Mac master, Bang feelingly a verse of " Fare well, faithful friend," aud tho proceedings concluded by the company joinlug in " Auld Lang Sync." Tbe arrangements ol the day reflected much credit on the committee—Messrs R. H. Uiekmau (chairman), E. A. Hall(socretary), A. Aniilrem, George Cooper, C. Fchlborg, H. Neilson, W. Ncihon, R. L. Richmond, and A. L. Stellmsker, whose efforts were supple mooted by the good services of the ladies of the district. Mr Southern enters at onco upon his work in ths city with the heartiest good wishes ot bis many friends, 