FARMERS' CONVENTION. THE GOVERNOR ON. RUBAIi iM»V >, DUSTRIES. .£ THE PREMIER AND THE'' "(PRESS. SOCIALISM .V. INDIVIDUALISM. FROM OCR SPECIAL REPORTER. Tbe annual conference of the Chamber of Agriculture and Rural Producers' Associa tion was opened at Colac yosterdny by his Excellency the State Governor, Sir George Sydenham Clarke. His Excellency, accom- panied by the Premier (Mr. Irvine) and- the Chief Secretary. (Mr. Murray), travel led to Colac by special train, which reached the Colac station about 12.15. A large and representative number, of delegates had ar rived the day before, and by the morning train. A guard of honor, composed of a de tachment of the local mounted rifles, mot his Excellency on arrival, and the local baud enlivened the proceedings with appro priate music. The visitors were driven to the Victoria llall, where the local com mittee entertained the vice-regal and Min isterial representatives und the visiting delegates at luncheon. Mr. .1. Hancock, president of the shire of Colac, occupied the chair at the lun cheon; and proposed the toast of the Go vernor. His Excellency was received with cheers, and in replying, said that this was not his first experience in the neighborhood of f'nlnn Mifrlifnnn nwwillifi rum Itn liar) rrnnit down to the Beech Forest, and the day re mained a perfectly clear recollection in his mind. It poured with rain, but, notwith standing, tlicy spent a most charming and enjoyable time. (Lnughter.) There was very little a Governor could do, whatever his inclination, but it was his wish to for ward every interest of Victoria. There was no greater interest than that which this conference was endeavoring to pro mote, the interest connected with the land. One other thing a Governor might do was to promote a strong sentiment of love for, and a greater knowledge of, the old coun try. There was nothing stronger than sen timent. It was one of the forces which moved the world. There was a new genera tion growing up which knew nothing of the old land; and it was all the more necessary to cherish a sentiment, which would keep them a united people, loyal to one King and Government, and loyal to one Empire. (Clioors.) Mr. Frank Neylon proposed the toast Of the Ministry and Parliament. The Premier, who was received with' much cheering, said he valued the extreme- Iv pnthiisinutif itnH pnrHinl vnnonf.mn nil more highly because he recognised that it proceeded from a body which was thorough ly representative, and indicated the general feeling throughout the State. It was one of the best auguries for the future that the whole of the fanning interest was united to act together in the interest of the whole State. It was necessary to have some sys tematic organisation by which their ideals and proposals could be carried out. (Hear, bear.) He did not propose to say much with regard to the subject of the toast. He would say, however, tlmt during the past year they luid made a record in the num ber of Parliamentary sittings. Within one year they had three separate sessions of Parliament. Yet some kind friends said, as soon as Parliament had risen, that it should sit again. The Government had a. number of important proposals to submit to Parliament, and it was not desirable to call Parliament together until these had. been thoroughly considered by the Govern ment. It would not tend to the expedition of legislation if the Government had too little time to determine in its own mind what form its legislative proposals should take. They hud before them several most; difficult questions; for instance, the whole question of industrial legislation would have to be dealt with. They had beforo them the question of future legislation and control for the railways, and, in addition, there was tlio Redistribution ol' Seals Bill, which was always a measure of consider able difficulty, though not of very great importance. There were also many other measures of a complicated character which the next session of Parliament would have to deal with. Before Parliament was called together, the Government should have a imnenriiitilri iiinAiinf nf I'.imf tn flOIltliflDr fcllO measures. As far as he was concerned, he did not propose to hand over the responsi bilities with which the people of this coun try had entrusted him to any newspaper editor. (Hear, hear.) Mr. .Tohn Murray also responded. Mr. Evcrard Browne proposed the toast of The .Chamber of Agriculture and Rural Producers' Association. . The toast was acknowledged by the president, Mr. ,W. Thomson, and the vice-presidents, Messrs. Pagiin and K. G. Fincham. The gathering then dispersed 'to rcas- semble at the Church of England Hall, where the conference was to be held. i OPENING OF THE CONVENTION. His Excellency, who was received with cheers, said it was a particular pleasure to liiin to open the conveutiou, because he firmly believed that the great industries of the land were the backbone of the pros perity of the State. (Hear, hear.) The more lie saw of this wonderful country the more certain he was that these great industries should be more widely and thoroughly de veloped. There were three things needed to ensure progress— co-operation, association and organisation. These were long Latin words, hut they could not do without them. Farmers in all countries found it difficult to combine, because of the special condi- tions of their life. Tliey lived fur apart from each other, and their occupation was continuous. Even if those happy conditions arrived when fanners would be able to go about on uutoinohiles, the same difficulties for fanners generally would exist. (Laugh ter.) They hud not the same opportunities of coming together for the interchange of views us the dwellers in towns, lie there fore viewed the convention as extremely im portant, and hoped it would he the precur sor of many others. Victoria was pre-emi nent iimong the States of Australia as an agricultural country. It/had absolutely by far the greatest fn-ea nndr agriculture, and in proportion to its people an area which was enormously greater Ihau that of any other State. The value of the total agricultural production of 1001-1802 was far greater than in any other Australian State, and was more than a fourth of the total agricultural production of Australia. In certain crops the Victorian averages were higher. Much of the Victorian land was of excejicnt quali ty. The Boer delegates said they had never seen land anywhere that would compare with it; The land in New Zealand couliT not hold a candle to it. There was much land also which, with a little more scientiiie treatment, could be made extremely productive. The possibili- Vied Ul v iwbUliiUi iiiuviutkivu ntic uiiij uun beginning to bo realised. The high prices given for land, the information given by, the Agricultural department and a gather ing like Lliis were happy auguries for the future. More than 2000 years ago an ancient Roman wrote a treatise on agriculture. He said two things were necessary to success. A farmer should feed Iris stock well, and a good husbandman, should he a seller and not a buyer. This ancient Roman did not know anything about butter — or if lie di'd he used it on the outside of his person in stead of inside. (Laughter.) lie did not know nnylhing about Australia, but lie (the speaker) thought they would admit that it was profitable to feed stock well. If bet ter provision had been made in this direc tion there would not have been quite so much loss through the recent drought. Now, just as it was 2000 years ago, it siiouid tie tiie object of the farmer to be as niupli as possible a seller — that was to get as much us lie could, out of the soil by se lecting the crop which could be grown to the most economical advantage. The most important matter before them was that dealing with the export trade in agricul tural products. There was no doubt that the export trade could be very largely de veloped and the prosperity of the State greatly increased. The rapid growth of the butter trade showed what could he done. The decrease due to the drought might have been prevented to a great cx- f.ont if nronor nrovision harl Vippii tnftilp. Tbc foreign butter market was a very large one indeed. Tliey.had great competitors. Danish production had almost approached a maximum. Then there was Siberia and Argentina. Siberian production had in creased very, much within the last few years, but it must be , possible for them to compete with Siberia, with its adverse climate, while as regarded Argentina the resourcefulness of our race should enable it to compete with Argentina and win. The frozen meat mar ket was also a very large one, and was perfectly certain to increase. They did not play as great a part in that market as they should. New Zealand had made enormous strides in this trade, and Argentina also. There was a great future for the farmers of Victoria in it. The cheese market seemed to be neglected. He had been told that cheese at Gd. paid better than butter at 1/. The cheese production for Victoria in 1901 was only 113,600 lb., while in that year New South Wales imported 1,750,000 )h. Surely that great market just over the Murray was open for Victorian cheese. With regard to the foreign wheat market lie was less sanguine. Looking to the future, he thought it would be more and more difficult to _ compete in the great wheat markc-ts of the world. Canada in fifteen years would be able to produce the whole of the wheat the United Kingdom required. The production of Argentina was increasing by. leaps and bounds. Egypt, With- irrigation, would be able to produce wheat with absolute regularity and cer tainty. The Victorian wheat crop average for ten years was only 73 bushels. For the Name period the average for. the United Kingdom was 31 bushels. This showed that the Victorian wheat crop at the best was a Very thin crop indeed. The wheat produc tion of Australia was the smallest of any in the world — considerably, less than that of the little country of Rumania nnd consider ably less also than that of Argentina. There was always the Australian home market, which would grow with increased population; but with regard to the foreign market, lie was afraid that the competition would be too severe. Japan would take very much more wheat in the. future, but there, again, Canadian competition would come in. In the year 1901 the value of the wheat crop in Victoria was£l 3/7 per acre, oats £2 14/1), liariey £4 11/2, and maize £7 13/0. Experience had shown that 00 bush els of maize to the acre could be grown, nnd among others there were crops such as millet, sorghum and rape, which held out good prospects. With re gard to flax, the result of a crop at Traral- gon gave £8 per acre for 120 acres. There avas one very dark spot in the outlook of 'Australia in connection with the question of population. It was a matter which caused him real anxiety with regard to the future of Victoria. The great growth of the United States and its immense pros perity, and the enormous impetus given to , Canada, had arisen entirely by the influx of population. Canada itself received an addi tion of more than 200,000 emigrants in one Wear, men who would go straight on to the land and add very much to the wealth of ithe Dominion. The Victorian birth rate Was declining. During forty vears it had fallen from 43.3 to 25.7 per 1000. It was an enormous falling off, considering the fact that emigration from Victoria ex ceeded immigration. lie was not sure whether the production of children came within the curriculum of an agricultural societ)1-— (laughter)— but the question of population had. a very great deal to do with the progress of agriculture in Victoria. Ihcy must not expect any great or perman ent progress for the State unless there was an increase of population on the land. The Premier had one great advantage over a Governor — ho could say what he liked. (Laughter.) He had great pleasure in opening the convention, and trusted its de liberations would benefit the agricultural interest. He hoped another convention would he held next year, and that he would ibe here to open it. (Cheers.) The Premier, who was received with cheers, said he felt naturally very gratified not only for the very kind language in Which the president had introduced his name, hut for the cordial response which had been given to the toast. He could not help saying one word about the incident to Which the president had alluded. It hap pened that lie occupied the position of Pre mier when the issue towards which politi cal forces had been tending for many years came to a head. He simply did Ills duty os many an ordinary man would have done if placed in the same .position. He realised that when the minds of the people were thoroughly awakened to the importance of the issue they would back up any Govern ment which was determined to secure to them the use of their own property. (Cheers.) It was a great pleasure to listen to the speech which the Governor had made. It was easy in one way to do the forma work of opening such a convention as this. But there was one tiling about the Governor that on every occasion he did not satisfy himself with ordinary form alities of a speech suitable to the occasion, Rut brought new facts and some new know ledge before his audience. (Hear hear.) His Excellency had raised their thoughts from grooves in which they were too apt to run to look upon their occupation from a wider point of view. He (the speaker) had been led to many of the same conclusions, but lie did not take quite as gloomy a view with regard to wheat growing. He thought at quite possible, in view of the rapid scien tific development of wheat culture, for Australia to compete for many years with the most favored wheat growing countries. In those countries land was high in price, while here there were large areas available for people who could not command much capital. (Hear, hear.) They were now enter ing upon a period of renewed prosperity. 'The drought had gone. One thing that would strike a stranger with amazement was that our prosperity was not a great deal more damaged than it was by the drought. Nothing spoke more strongly of the vitality and energy of the people of this country. There was, however, a serious danger that With the removal of the drought its lessons might be forgotten. They would have to he reminded that the prime duty of the iVictorian people in the future was to store and conserve sufficient water to meet anv drought' that anight occur. There was no country in the world, not even Egypt or India, in which, compared with population, the facilities for irrigation were greater' nor the advantages more momentous. Re ferring to his recent visit to the Goulburn iVnlley. he was struck with the fact that the country there was not only suitable for irrigation, but naturally graded for using the water in the cheapest and most effective way. Those who were endeavor ing' to deal with the state of things re ferred to by the Governor — the almost com plete cessation of the growth of population — must look forward to doing it in two ways — one was by irrigation, the other bv closer settlement, or, perhaps, he should say, closer settlement including irrigation. They wanted a much larger number of small froe- holders on the land. They heard a lot about Socialism now. Its advance in all countries was remarkable,, and it was now a vital plank in the platform of ' a party which, representing a small section of the people, had exercised more power in the past in the affairs of this country than it was entitled to. This party — the Labor party — was now paying for the propagation of the doctrines of absolute socialism. The great issue of the future would be socialism against individualism. The sooner the people of. this country began to understand what socialism meant the better. As a general theory, it meant the nationalisation of the means of production. The .dream of the socialist was that wo should have again a universal brotherhood, in which every man should work according to his capacity and receive according to his necessity; in which we should have a per fect Government, a perfect Parliament rul ing over an ideal people, 'composed princi pally of civil servants. (Laughter.) He did not think they had come to this just yet. The idea of bringing about a millennium by act of Parliament was not one which would succeed. He mentioned socialism in this connection because the only great bulwark against such ideas was to have a large num ber of small freeholders, an increase of farmers, who must always he opposed to an increase of Government employment and an increase of Governmental functions. This was one reason why they should develop their natural resources to the greatest ex tent. (Hear, hear.) He would take the op portunity of referring to the agreement en tered into by the Premiers of New South .Wales, Victoria and South Australia for the temporary division- of the waters of the River Murray. Since this agreement was entered into certain gentlemen had taken it into their heads to go all over the coun try endeavoring to show that it would des troy all chance of irrigation in Victoria for five years. This meant that he and the Premier of New South Wales wore either knaves or fools. It was said they gave up to ' South Australia under . that agreement all that South Australia claimed with regard to navigation, and that- the concession would stop all irrigation in Vic toria. There was no law which entitled South Australia to claim a right to any water that fell on the soil of Victoria. The same would apply to New South Wales. Granted that this was so, was it not their duty, while retaining all the water they wanted, to give South Australia a share of the water which flowed into her territories? Tt. was hpf.tpr flint flip thrno Stains mn. cerned should make the agreement tluin that it should be made bv the Federal Par liament. with Queensland and South Aus tralia having a voice in the settlement. The Premier went on to point out that it was better to delay the final settlement for five years, as was done by the agreement, be cause, while the vested interests of. naviga tion were greater now than those of irri gation, by the end of the period named the vested interests of irrigation would have largely increased while those of navigation, owing to the extension of railways, would be considerably diminished. The agree ment also provided for retaining more water for Victorian use than was required at present, and did not in any way affect the right of Victoria to store- as much as she could. The Premier also entered into a lengthy discussion of the'Stnte debts question on the lines followed in his speech at the annual- dinner of the Incorporated Accountants. It was necessary that tliey should understand the issue when placed before them. He concluded by alluding to the advantages of co-operation among the farmers, and honed the convention would foster and develop the co-operative spirit in its widest and truest sense among the farmers of this country. (Cheers.) The Governor subsequently planted a tree in the new park, on the lake bank. THE CONVENTION AT WORK. The delegates met in the Church of Eng land school room, Mr. Wm. Thomson pre siding. .The annual report and business sheet were adopted. On the question of the sparrow pest. Mr. Rend moved — That tills conference is of opinion that it is un desirable. to compel persons to cut down their hedges below a height of 7 feet. Mr. Thomson seconded. Mr. Power ' '(Horsham) moved as an amendment — That the destruction of sparrows bo made com pulsory. Mr. Gripper seconded the amendment, which was carried. The question of the compulsory dipping of sheep was consider ed, and Mr. Power moved— That sheep dipping be made compulsory through out Victoria. Mr. Cunningham (Statvcll) seconded. The motion was lost on the voices. A paper on the results of- recent field experiments was read by Dr. Howell, of the Depart ment of Agriculture; and a highly inter esting paper on the export trade was given by Sir. Crowe, the agricultural expert. The convention adjourned until to-morrow. 