THE COMMONWEALTH. COLOURED PROGRESS ASSOCIATION-The Coloured Progress Association, a body of aliens, chiefly British subjects from India, in August last appealed to the Secretary of State for the Colonies (Mr. Chamberlain) against the administration of the Immigration Restriction Act of the Commonwealth. In reply to their request Mr. Chamberlain informed them that he could not deal with the matter, and they just lay it. before the Department of External Affairs. The association has now brought the matter under the notice of the Prime Minister. Their complaint is of the manner in which British subjects, and more particularly Indians, are treated under the operations of the act. Sir Edmund Barton has promised to inquire into the matter. The association, it is stated, represents over a hundred aliens. MINISTER FOR DEFENCE. " The Minister for Defence (Sir John Forrest) who is at present busily engaged in showing the visiting legislators some of the features of Western Australia, proposes to spend some time further in that state. The secretary of the department (Captain Col. line) is with him in Western Australia, and they intend to leave Fremantle for Melbourne by the Oceana on February 12. SHIPS' STORES. Further communication has been received by the federal authorities with respect to the case of Kingston v. Gadd, arising out of the law relating to ships' stores, which, is now before the Privy Council. Certain documents have been printed, and the matter is now prepared for hearing before that tribunal. PUBLIC SERVICE. Continuing his investigations preparatory to the work of classifying the public service, the Federal Public Service Commissioner yesterday visited the Ministerial offices of the Postmaster-General and had a, long interview with the secretary, Mr. Scott. The places in Victoria ntwhiehit is notified that the forthcoming examinations for positions in the federal service are to be held are Ballarat, Beechworth. Benalla, Bendigo, Castlemaine, Geelong, Hamilton, Maryborough. Melbourne, Sale, Shepparton, Stawell, and Warrnambool. Thevneiincies that at present exist in the fifth class of the general division, commencing £40 a year, pre-Victorian, 45; New South Wales, -10; Queensland, 28; South Australia, 20; West Australia, 40; and Tasmania, 10; a total of 18.'), of whom all but 25 in Victoria are males. In the general division there will be, it is expected, within 12 months vacancies for 100 males and 80 female telephone attendants, of which 15 males and 40 females will he in Victoria, and 450 telegraph messengers; of which 150 will be in Victoria. The minimum salaries of telephone attendants will be £30, and of telegraph messengers £20 per annum. CUSTOMS PROSECUTIONS. WELL-KNOWNFiRJIS FINED. The series of Customs prosecutions instituted against many well-known merchants in Melbourne for breaches of the Commonwealth Customs regulations was continued at the District Court yesterday, before Mr. Dwyer, PM. The cases chiefly consisted of charges of wrong description of merchandise imported into the Commonwealth and distributed through the various states by means of interstate certificates. Mr. Mann (instructed by the Crown solicitor) prosecuted in each case. l'LASNBlili'lTR (GOODS., Messrs. D. and W. Murray Ltd., of Flinders-lane, were charged with making a false Customs entry in respect of certain cotton piece goods ex s.s. Jfedlc. Mr. A. Quthwnitc appeared for the defendants. The charge was that the whole of the goods were entered as cotton piece goods free, but as a matter of law they should have been entered as cotton piece goods not elsewhere included, with respect to a small portion of the goods only, the bulk of them being flannelette upon which duty at the rate of 15 per cent, would amount to £32/0/. Counsel for the defendant pleaded guilty, but explained that the ship- ment arrived during the month of February, which was the busiest mouth of the year for dealers in softgoods, and that the error occurred owing to the great rush of business dealt with by the firm. The defendants were fined £5, with £2/2/ costs. PATENT MEDICINES. John Connell and Co. Proprietary Ltd. were presented on a charge of: making a false statement as to lliè"'',filate of origin of a patent medicine known as "Bile Beans" in an interstate certificate. Mr. Herald, who appeared for the defence, explained that the offence was a mere technical one. The error arose through it clerk in the employ of John Connell and Co. being informed by an employe of Rooke, Tompsitt, and Co., who imported the beans, that they were n Victorian product. As a matter of fact, the bears were imported as "bulk pills" from America in bulk, put up in boxes, and sold in Victoria. A fine of 5.., with 22/a/ costs, was run pied. AGRICUl.TUn.VI« MACHINERY. The difference between a horse-hoe cultivator and a "drill while! hoe cultivator caused a lengthy argument. J. W. Keogh (Deering Harvester Company) was charged with making a false entry regarding certain agricultural implements ex Paroo. The defendant entered the goods as "horse-hoe cultivator and parts free," whereas the Crown contended they should have been entered as manufacture, of I melts, viz.. agricultural machinery," liable I to duty at the rate of 10 per cent, to the amount of £25. I Mr. O'Hara Wood called evidence to prove that the machinery in question was a drill wheel hoe cultivator, and contended that as such it was correctly described as being exempt from duty. Mr. Dwyer, PM., in dismissing the case, said that so far as he could see there was little if any difference between a horse-hoe cultivator and a drill wheel hoe cultivator. They were both used for the same purposes, but over different areas of cultivation. He considered that defendants' description of tim- machinery in their entry was not false, and the case would be dismissed with £2/2/ costs. JURY, IMPLEMENTS. Dalgety and Co. Ltd. were next charged with milking false entries with regard to a shipment by the s.s. Grosser Kurfurst, consisting of milk elevators and Coolers. The case for the prosecution was that the defendant firm described the implements a., pasteurising machines, free, instead of "machinery, 15 per cent." They were elevators and coolers (or milk, subject to duty amounting to £10 /12/6. Air. O'Hara Wood, who appeared for the defendants, said that they did not import the goods for themselves, but had merely done so as li favour for one of their clients. The particulars in the invoice were in Danish, and the firm's employes thought the machines were pnstuerlscrs. The minimum penalty of £5, with £2/2/ costs, was inflicted. (OTHER CASES. The other cases in which fines were inflicted «ero:-lilogg Bros., of Spencer street, wrongly describing certain medicine bottles. A line of £7/10/, with £2/2/ costs, inflicted. Mr. R. W. Best appeared for the defendants. In the case of Webster Limited, of Fitzroy, the charge arose from the firm describing certain goods as cotton piece goods subject to 5 per cent., whereas they were found to be piece goods containing wool, subject to a duty of 15 per cent. A line of £7/10/, with £2/2/ costs, was inflicted. THE APPEAL BOARD. An election took place yesterday, under the auspices of the Letter-carriers Association, to decide whom the Victorian letter carriers would support for election to the Appeal Board. Mr. T. R. T. Halls was chosen by a very large majority. PARLIAMENTARY PARTY IN WEST AUSTRALIA. PERTH, Friday. In the course of a speech, Sir William Lyne said the Coolgardie water scheme had proved to the people of the eastern states the possibility of pumping water great distances. There was an extent of rich land in Australia which required water to bring it into use, and this was the first project for the pumping and conservation of water on an extensive scale. The scheme was an object-lesson to the other states, and unless Mr. O'Sullivan worked vigorously West Australia would be supplying Broken Hill with water. (Laughter.) Speaking of federation, he said that the future success of the Commonwealth and the states and their development depended on the assistance one could give the other. There was no desire on the part of the Commonwealth to take from the states one single power that was theirs. A union had been started That was not going to be dissolved Referring to the Transcontinental railway, he said that as far back as 1885, he had considered the question. His sympathies were absolutely in favour of a connection between the past and the western sides of the continent by rail, but it was a question for the Federal Parliament and the states to decide, for the Federal Government could not enter a Mate and construct a line there without the consent of the state. When the question was thoroughly investigated it would he brought home to all that the line should be built, even if it did not pay right away. This morning the visitors were taken for a drive round May Drive, in Queen's-park, after which they inspected the Mint and fire brigade station. At half-past 2 and half-past 3 special trains, conveying the visitors and local politicians, left the central station for the eastern gold-fields, the guests numbering about 200. To-morrow they will breakfast at Coolgardie, and after a avel come by the municipal council. The new School of Mines will be declared open by Sir John Forrest. A tour of the mines in the Coolgardie district will then be undertaken. Early in the afternoon the party will leave Coolgardie for Kalgoorlie, where the mayor and councillors will receive the guests at; the railway station, and at half-past 3 o'clock the big event of the celebrations will take place. This will consist of Sir John Forrest turning on the water at the Mount Charlotte reservoir and declaring the scheme open for the use of the public. In the evening the guests will be entertained by the councils of Kalgoorlie and the Boulder at a banquet. 