RURAL TOPICS. Reapers and binders are now busily deal ing with the crops in the cereal- growing areas, and harvesting by means of the com plete harvester and the stripper will be general this week. Already a few parcels of new wheat have been brought to two or three of the north-western railway stations, but some weeks will elapse before there is likely to be any demand for trucks to carry the produce to the seaboard. The sample of new wheat already harvested is hardly up to expectations, the grain being somewhat wanting in plumpness, but an improvement in quality may be confidently expected, as the ripening seasoii has been generally favourable,1 and the bulk of the wheat must haVe filled well. . The Minister of Lands^ West Austra lia (Mr. Hopkins), lias received a re port stating that rabbits have been dis covered at Wyola. - 44 miles east of Northam, and 71 miles on this side of the rabbit-proof fence. Mr. Hopkins has autho rised a survey of the route for a second line of fencing, but [he states that nothing can be done in the way of putting up the struc ture until the survey is completed. That will probably take six weeks at least. It is proposed to run the fence from a spot in the vicinity of Cbeyne's Bav, through to Yalgoo, thence to Mouht Murcmson, and from there in a north-east direction to the Kimbeiley ranges, there to join the other fence. The Minister for Lands (Mr. Taverner) was interviewed by a number of ladies who have interested themselves in obtaining work for men out of employment. They stated that they had a list of between 40 and 50 men who were suitable for harvest work. Mr. Taverner said that he had placed himself in communication with various public bodies in the northern area. If the people who wanted harvest labour would communicate with him, be will arrange to supply the men. Railway passes would be granted to men under the usual conditions, that is. that the men would be expected to refund tne amount to the de partment out of the first moneys which they received. The' Minister for Lands (Mr. Taverner) has arranged for the purchase^ by. the Go vernment of the Gooramadda Kstate, in the Ruthejrglen district, for £8/5/ per acre. It consists of 2,200 acres, and adjoining it are 1,000 acres of Crown lands. The Govern ment proposes to utilise the whole of this area for closer settlement, but the size of the allotments has not yet been deter mined. The price. 210 guineas, realised for the Ayrshire heifer at Messrs. Cumming and Brisbane's sale of stud Ajishires is the highest price obtained in Australia. A com mission was sent from Sydney to secure this particular heifer, and the contest be tween Victorian and New* South Wales buvers was of the most spirited kind, Mr, Atfeck eventually being the purchaser. The director of Agriculture (Mr. William son Wallace) is in receipt of a communica tion from Colonel Byron, who was an artil lery officer in this state for many years, but who is now the chief immigration officer of the British Government in the Orange River Colony! In his letter Golonel Byron states that there has been a prolonged drought in that colony, and in consequence the liarvest will be a complete failure. Mr, Wallace intends to follow up the informa tion, with a view of finding & market for Victorian products during the forthcoming good Reason. Mr. M. J. 'G^lfiaV the senior pattfler of Messrs'; ?Oareia/ Jacob^'and-Otf., ' CBvent cardah. Lond6n, who'lis visittj% Australia in connection with the 'expoirof fruit to'the Englifeh market, expects to arrive m Mel bourne on Friday next, and wi|l inquire into the conditions prevailing in Victoria. ^After visiting Australia Mr. Garcia intends to make, a tour through the Califorman, American, and Canadian orchaids. . .He lias arranged to be represented in Australia by Mr. Albert Duchoit, 34 Queen-street, Mel bourne. A deputation representing a conference of fruit-growers held in Melbourne on Monday last waited on the Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Taverner) with re card to the administration of the \ egeta tion Diseases Act. It waB pointed out that, through a too rigorous interpretation or the law, many cases of hardship had oc curred. Most of the growers were doing their best to prevent the spread of the dis eases that attacked fruit, trees. The mem bers of the deputation did not ask for any amendment 'of the law, but they thought that, while not departing from the: spirit of the law, the department might lighten the burden on the growers. In reply, Mr. Taverner said that he considered lt was onlv fair to carry out the provision* of the wto the-letter in cases where it could be Siown that growers did nothing to Btop the spread- of diseases. Where growers were doing their best to cope wSth tlie diseasestfthe inspectors, he thougl)t; 6hoifld use their 'discretion, and *ath^toke paiiw to assist them along. Asarfter of feet, he knew a large number .ofouen who were doing all in flieir powefTo keep the or chardB clean. It occurred to him, ther* f0n» tfiajfc sdflie systeni AW ffisby jtbe district inspector-could issue oertifioatee to those who ennoble m'ecautioMtbcompjy with wmbw. If that .wefo'^dotol;" && Melbourne could -^accept .,the^^fcert|ficates. however, he yrould cpnsultwitt tly» -aires tor'rof A5rio§ife'e^iii|! see what could be. donejlonneet Sfcbe.~wishes at the delega tions 'k' -Yt*t fs.* '' -! » Stejps aire being taken to form bush fire brigaaes in various parts of the Ararat dis trict. One has been established at Wick liffe-TOad, and a meeting hgs been called to form another at Rossbndge. The shipments of butter per Rome, which left Melbourne on October 6, have arrived in excellent condition, and sales are being made at 104/ to 106/ per cwt. The market is dull. Danish is quoted at 115/ per cwt. At a meeting held in the Athenreum-hall, Elmore, pn Saturday evening, to inaugu rate a bush fire-brigade, 20 members were enrolled. . It was decided that each mem ber find his own fire-beater, which costs about 2/0. The Leongalfia auctioneers are despatch ing special trains of store stock every week for Wodongai arid New South Wales. At J. M. Peck and Sons' sale over 1,000 head were disposed of to northern buyers, and high prices ruled for young stock." The Morambro Estate 6ubdivisional sale was very successful. Nearly all the free hold, 29,600 aeries, consisting of fairly good agricultural and grazing land/^changed hands iu lots of from 40 to 1,580.acres. The vendors are satisfied with the result. Seve ral lots, of the leasehold-97,000 acres were also disposed of. Messrs. Dalgety and * Co. have issued their annual circular having reference to the grain season. Consignors are reminded that all grain ahd other produce consigned jto the firm by < rail are delivered at their ; stores direct. There is, consequently, no cartage to pay, and the grain escapes ex cessive handling. The produce is given three months' storage free if delivered on or before March 31. All consignments are protected by insurance up to the full market value. The firm announce that they act only as brokers or agents, and do not buy or sell on their own account. - The Gowrie-park stud Ayrshires were sold on November 21, buyers attending from all parts of -the etate. The highest price of the day was 210 guineas, for a .two-year-old heifer, Royal Favourite of Gowrie, by Royal Warren of Netber I craig - Favourite of Gowrie. White Favourite of Gowrie, by Rantin' Robin of Hinsward-Favourite of Munnoek, was sold to Mr. R. A. Affleck for 105 guineas. Other high figures were Favourite of Gowrie II., Mr. J. A. Findley, 50 guineas; Pride of Fyans.Mr. J.Baker,21 guineas; Red Favour ite of Gowrie. Mr. G. L.Wilson, 41 guineas; Lady Edith, Mr. G. L. Wilson, 20 guineas; Royal Heather, Mr. A. Buchanan, 46 guineas; Royal Bessie, Mr. R. A. Affleck, 66 guineas. Bulls were also sold at good prices. A return has been furnished to the Agri cultural department by Mr. Brown, M.B., the inspector of foods for export, as to the amounts of products prepared for export during the month of October for the years 1902 and 1903 respectively. In most of the principal items a large increase is shown. The carcases of mutton for this year are 15,613, compared with 3,807 last year; car cases of lamb, 11,560, as against 5,8o3 in 1902; and the number of frozen rabbits 89,370, as against 39,680 for 1902. The num- i ber of legs of mutton has, however, fallen from 1,532 to 904. A feature of the return is the trade done this y£ar fn a number of small items, such afi tallow and fat, which did not appear at all last year. On November 22. two bush fires started within a mile of one another, about two miles from Rushworth, in the direc tion of the Waranga Basin. _ The first j occurred in Mr. H. Wootton's paddock. The alarm was promptly given by means of the fire bell, and. a large number of towns people were soon on the scene, aud suc ceeded in getting the fire under control, after about 80 acres of grass had been de stroyed. The second fire occurred about a mile further north-west, and Mr. W. Fraser's crop had a remarkable escape. The fire got into ihe crop; but, bein<» on the green side, it would not burn readily, and the tye was soon put out. A quantity of fencing and some grass were burnt. The fires broke out within, a very short time of each other. ! On the 19th inst., in the Geclong Wool Exchange, (Mr. Neil Campbell, auc tioneer), a substantial sale of 2,300 acres, known as Moffat's Leigh Estate, situated near the township of Inver leigli, was held, when 18 farms ranging from 35 acres to 260 acres were offered. Only seven farms were sold, three being passed in for private sale, the remaining blocks being withdrawn. The following are the lots sold, together with the prices paid and names of purchasers:- Lot 1, 240 acres 3 roods 9 perches, and lot 2, 240 acres 0 roods 31 perches, Mr. D. M'Naughton, Inverleigh, at £4/10/ per acre each; lot 4, 272 acres 1 rood 18 perchts, lot 5, 259 acres 0 roods 3 perches, and lot 6, 258 acres 3 roods 18 perches, Mr. 0. H. Peel, Inverleigh, at £4 per acre; lot 7, 110 acres 1 rood 25 perches, Mr. James M'Donald, Inverleigh, at £4 per acre; lot 8, 49 acrfes 1 rood 10 perches, Mr. C. H. Peel, Inverleigh, at £5 per acre. By the s.s. Damascus, due this week, Mr. James M'Culloch, of the Barholm Jersey herd, Oaklekh, is importing a very fine heifer,, viz., / Charm, bred by Lord Rothschild, and purchased at his sale at Tring-paik, Hertfordshire, on 2nd Sep tember last. -Charm was calved on 4th June, 1902, and her winnings this year have been first prize at the Oxfordshire show, Bicester; first vsrize at the Herts show, Hatfield; second prize at the Tunbridge Wells show; second prize and reserve num ber (group' class) at the Royal Counties show, Southampton: third prize at the .B. W. and S. Counties show, Bristol; com mended at Royal Agricultural Society of England's show/ London. She is got by Butter Test 6,807 {wjpner of three first prizes^ and one 'champion prize, and a son of the gold medal COW-Cleraenoe 2nd) .dam Bracelet {vbl. "x.,~p, S.lOJj by Golden Pasha 5,568, g.d. Bangle, imported, by Skinner 5,396, g.g.d. Mr. J. E. mudain's St. John's Twist 6,798, foundation stock, highly com mended. Bracelet was h.c. atR. A. S. E. show, Manchester, and her milk yields are as follow:-iTrotn Sept. 25, 1898, to fiept, 30, 1889. 4,7771b.; . from Oct. 1, 1899, to Sept. 29, i9M/ S,f)8Glb; from Sept. 30, 1900, to Sept; 28/1901, 4,8941b; from Sept. 29, 1901,'to ^ePt?;27, 1902, 5,0271b. During his visit to England Mr. J. E. R6berts6n,"of ^ Gl^nalvie, Colac. has also 'purchased sbOTtb&rn; "sire - for. his. nerd, which; wiltthe s .6. -tJueviej also Hue this week- His name is Royal Waterloo (82,108 C.H.B.), a roan, calved Aug. 26, lk>l, fa^ by Mf. W'Q. Snorw;-, (57,032^, and rune sack through eleven genfctatioiw to Waterloo Cow, by Waterloo (2,816). Gables advicesh&ve; been received pf tta Sir Rtlpejti irhaaA jhfAjjn fard ifedkap" ahd^T~; At the dispersal sale of M'Hardy Bros.' stud cattle, near.PaJmerSton North, New Zeamnd.-the total sum realised Was £4,943. . F^TT1Rr8t load of new wheat was brought iPto.Hopetouu on November 19 by Messrs. Godfrey and Wynne. . The sample was not first-class. TT£!ie first load of new wheat was sold at ultima on November 19. It is a fair earn pie. The majority of farmers begin strip ping nex-fweefc. During the present week 26 allotments ot land, comprising 14,700 acres, north of Minapre, have been sold by Mr. E. H. Las ceiles to a party of South Australians, none ? "ave previously owned any land in \ ictona. They intend, going to work on it at once. nPl ,Zea,and Assets Realisation lioard notify by advertisement in this issue that they will sell by-auction, at Blenheim, , .' about the middle of January, the well so nnn11 Awate"r? Estates, comprising about afOUO acres. Ihe properties have been sub divided into areas from 2.500 to 14.300 acres. Messrs. Thornton, Palmer, and Co.. in conjunction with Archibald Macfarlane and x°-' offer for sale by auction, at the Commercial Hotel, Warrnambool, to- mor row, at half-past 2 p.m., the Warwiilah ja.te- The estate contains 4,709 acres, and is situated three miles from Hawkesdale railway station and 20 miles from Port *airy. The property will be first offered as a whole, and if not sold will then be offered i in lots. . j The members of the Natal Legislature, ?Messrs. Hyslop and Armstrong, who . are on a visit to Victoria, called upon tbe Secre tary for Public Works (Mr. Martin) on oaturday. Since their arrival in this T»*)}e i^i^iave been to the Ballarg>^^Uo4-i'bfe Bootee College, aQd to ttyrXjp&Wtn; weirMflb Dande nong rai*tt^To-day they ga\/G\ Yering and LilJdaW, sfiHT faW A theWeVlc 11 journey jtonfo Western distrrct/ A2er that The prizesSs^red^^yifaa^^orumburra Agricultural SocieQTflJf*TOe three cows giv ing the highest percentage- of butter was competed for on November 18, there being 28 entries. The results are as rollows:-First Prjze (£5 and the society's medal), Messrs. Ellis and Sons (Bena): second (£2/2/), Messrs. A. and D. Lang ham (Korumburra); third (£1/1/), Mr. E. Petersen (Poowong East). A special prize of £1/1/ for the largest yield of milk was won by Mr. E. Petersen. A New Zealand resident, Mr. W. Bel lerby, has just purchased 300 acres of land at Longvvarry South, through Messrs. Witton and Boileau. Mr. Bellerby has been engaged in sheep-farming in the Poverty Bay district for the past 10 years, but dccided to settle in Victoria.; His in tention is to enter into sheep- farming on the New Zealand system, by subdividing his paddocks and growing feed. He will fatten lambs and sheep >tfor the Melbourne market, or grow "freezers" for the London market. A yield of hay has been obtained at the Wagga experimental farm of from 3 tons to 4 tons 8cwt. per acre, from land manured at a cost of 4/6 per acre. It is estimated that 800 tons of hay will be reaped, in addition to 500 tons of ensilage. The barley crop at the farm has been attacked by caterpillars, and some damage has been done. The fruit crop is exceedingly heavy, and a large quan tity will be dried and preserved. Highly bred Shropshire ewes have been added to the farm, and some very fine poultry is be ing obtained from America. For some time past the pastoralists and farmers of the Penola district have been subjected to serious losses in their flocks. About a fortnight since Mr. W. Smith, of Monbulla, on his return from a temporary absence from home, found his nock short of 100 mixed sheep. He at once communicated his loss to the police, and advertised a re ward of £50 for conviction of the thief. The result has been the arrest of Nathan Blackmore, a small grazier, resident of Mon bulja, and an- immediate neighbour of Smith's. Blackmore has ' been sending many consignments of sheep this year to Adelaide market, purchasing small flocks. Amongst others, lie purchased and paid for 710 from Smith. The regulation recently framed by the Victorian department of Agriculture, in I treating certain districts of New South Wales as anthrax infected, is operat ing harshly with graziers on this side of the Murray who sent. cattle into the northern state a few months ago to pastures. Messrs. -Lindsay and Sons (Allan'6 Flat), and Whyte Bros. (Baran duda), were returning 560 head of their stock on Tuesday, ana when they reached the Murray-bridge the Victorian stock in spector informed them that be could not allow them.to re-enter this state. Repre sentations were subsequently made to the Minister for Agriculture, who ultimately consented io permit tbe cattle to come in on their owners entering into a bond of £250 that.the whole cf the 560 head would be isolated, and that they would be inocu lated at the earliest possible moment. The Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society, having spent abpyt £2,000 on the improvement of the show grounds, is now heavily in debt. A bill, which, if carried, will have the effect of helping the society to meet its financial obligations, has been circulated by the Minister of Lands (Mr. Taverher). In 1874 a site, consisting of over 4 acres, was reserved for the society's use within the town of Learmonth, but it was never utilised for th* purpose for .which it was set apart. ? Instead,-the society got possession of another reserve, and acquired by purchase an additional area adjoin ing it, and it is these areas which constitute the present ehow-groiind.' The bill pro poses to sanction the, sale of one acve and a-, half of the original reserve, and to hand over the proceeds to the society, to be used in meeting'the cost of the improvement of the present grounds. 