Topics of the Day. (By- Nemo.) k . It was predicted by the writer of these . notes that Mr. Garland would head tlie poll at the Tamworth election. Three candidates being in the field, two of wnom were practically supporting the policy of the Government, it would have been wonderful, in view of the results of past elections, and of the very un satisfactory nature of Mr. Walsh's political services, if ho had not got to that . position. What, was surprising was that Mr. Walsh polled 650 votes. Had he: been pretty constant in his attendance in the Legislative Assembly, and showed whilst there that he pos- : sessed ordinary ability, there can hardly lie a doubt that ho would have been re-elected by a substantial majority. He has therefore only himself, to blame for his defeat. , Tamworth is a peculiar electorate, and . Mr. Garland wil( be foolish if he allows himself to become the subject of a con viction that he has a safe seat there. At different times the constituency was represented by Sir George Dibbs and Mr. Piddington. Both were really good . men, yet both were thrown out, and ' it is not at all unlikely that what hap pened to them may also happen . to the present member. Indeed, he may be rejected at the next general election; if a good local candidate should come forward, and the fight is left to him and Mr. Garlaiid, the latter will probably go down. . Amongst the first in Sydney to con gratulate Mr. Garland . 011 his victory . was Mr. Thomas Slnttery, M.L.C., who is reported to have said that if he had had a vote in the Tamworth electorate, and if the Rev. Dill-Macky had been the Opposition candidate instead of Mr. Garland, he would have supported that belligerent ecclesiastic. The point of this remark consists in the fact that Mr. , Slattery is a, Knight of St. Gregory, and therefore supposed to be a particularly devoted Roman Catholic. Considering that Tom was appointed to the Council by the Lyne Government, of which Sir , John See was a prominent member, and that that Government spent more public money than the ' present one, his hos tility to the latter can hardly lie attribu ted to their alleged extravagance. Prob ably it has its motive in the action of ' the Government in refusing to proclaim St. Patrick's Day a public holiday. The clean sweep made of the Tasinan- ian Ministry, at tlie recent general elee- tion is a source of great, gratification to the principal Sydney newspapers. Why it should lie, seeing that the victorv seoured by the Opposition is a menace to the classes represented by those journals, one fails to understand. The defeated Ministry desired to tax incomes ranging from £100 a year upwards, but the Opposition insisted that £150 should be tlie minimum ; in other words, that nearly every mechanic and artisan should escape taxation although he possessed ..as much voting power as a millionaire. On such an issue the Ministry was bound to be defeated, but the defeat involved the giving of author ity to the victors , to tax as severely as they choose men of substance, and as Tasmania has a deficit of about a quarter of a million per aimuin in .connection with its finances, this power,, it may be expected, will be : freely used. Thun hundreds of tlio persons who assisted to vote the late Ministry out of office will doubtless utter a prolonged howl. ' On the 5th instant a new Sunday newspaper was published in Sydney. It is called the Sunday Sun, and it belongs to the proprietors of the Aus tralian Star. Unless the succeeding issues _ are much better thun the first, it will not have a. long life. A great part of the contents were lifted bodily from the later editions of the Star that were published on the pre ceding day. As for the remaining part it was not of much interest. It is tlie poorest specimen of a Sunday paper that lias yet been issued in Australia, and the Sunday Times has 110 cause to . fear its most recent competitor or to reduce its price. Sir. . Wraggo is still prophesying optimistically with respect to this year's weather, but, of course, wjth all his knowledge of meteorology— -and . it is considerable— lie knows very little about this subject. Every sensible man is aware that, having experienced con tinuous drought for several years, a few good seasons may be rensonublycxpected. That is a rational deduction from the weather records of the past half-century ; nevertheless, the deduction may' be wrong. What will happen this year 'no scientist can declare with any degree of certainty. All the same, it is better . that Mr. Wragge should encourage hope rather; than .prophesy evil. > " Wonders will never cease. Every other day during the last fortnight or three weeks hundreds of sheep have been landed in Bourkc from drouglit- strieken districts. Than Bourkc 110 dis trict in New 'South Wales was more severely afflicted by the prolonged drought. For nearly seven years it was a scene of desolation, and in the mind's eye- it stood out with exapptional promin ence when one thought pf dying sheep and 'cattle in tlie pastoral areas, but rain fell several months ago, and since then there have been further copious showers, and tlie consequence is there is an abundance of feed in the district. It is a pity it did not spring up before most of the local stock perished. Mr. Coghlan'B statistics re the. last wheat harvest 111 New South Wales are very sad reading, and as an illustration of crop failure it may be doubted if there lias been anything like them in tlie world in modern times. In tlie Riyerina dis trict the yield was only a little more than half a bushel per acre, and of tho one and a half million acres sown in the State 700,000 acres were totally unpro ductive. That is a record for Aus tralia, and it is further proof that tlie drought which euliiiinntccl last year was the most frightful' that has happened in Australia since white people began to settle in tlie land. Such a calamity it is not likely that the existing generation will again witness, although it is certain they are likely to have further experi ence of bad seasons. Mr. Nicholas KrokofF, the gentleman from Russia, who has been in Australia for several months making inquiries and observations regarding our pustoral and agricultural industries for the informa tion of his Government, docs not admire our methods of manufacturing butter. They are dirty, lie says. The people concerned may resent lus criticisms, but many of them must know they are true. Mr. Krokoff contrasts the methods in the Danish creameries and factories with those in similar establishments in' New South AVales. With reBpect to cleanli ness the former are porfect, and in his opinion that is the principal reason why Danish butter brings a much higher Srice in England than the Australian. lis statements should be taken to heart. It is reported that during the coining summer 200,000 immigrants are expected to arrive in Upper Canada for the pur pose of taking up land in that division of the Dominion. The things that are probably attracting them are the facili ties for settlement, the fertility of the soil, and the absence of uncertainty with respect to the seasons. The wheat grower can also rely upon getting a crop, and frequently the crop is a bounteous one, and the cost of transporting the frain to England is comparatively small. t is almost- inconceivable that the pas toral or agricultural resources of Aus tralia will ever attract 200,000 people to the country in a single year. As pro ducers of wheat the Commonwealth will always be out of the running compared with Canada and Siberia. In. Sydney there are a few. women who have formed themselves into a' political league, and some of them speak aS if they believed tlie destinies of the nation were in their hands. They are resolved that their little league shall not lie amalgamated, with any other political organisation. It must, bo a perfectly in- ' dependent institution. One of the de clared objects for keeping the league separate is to enable women to prevent the candidature of men whose character is such 11s to unfit them for seats in Par liament. Some of us have become tired of this losing, for posing it certainly is. In our legislature there have always been men whose morals were loose, and most of these have been more popular with women in general than the mcm- bers who walked circumspectly. Tlie latest political experiment in Canada is tlie establishment of a law prohibiting importation, manufacture or sale of cigarettes. What a tremendous bombshell to throw amongst tlie people ! What is the cause of such drastic legisla tion? The answer probably is the de monstrated fact that cigarette smoking is injurious to health. On thin 'subject articles have recently been published in English and other magazines, and they leave no doubt in the mind that consti tutions arc being ruined wholesale by the practice of smoking cigarettes. The mischief is caused by swallowing the smoke. One effect of tho Canadian law will be to largely increase the offence of smuggling; it will be impossible to keep the whole frontier of Canada guarded, and despite the law myriads of cigar ettes will be brought into the country. No delivery of bread in Sydney from Good Friday morning until the morning of Easter' Monday. This is on account of the Early Closing Act requiring the bread carters to take their usual month ly holiday on the mentioned day. Of course they would be willing to work on Saturday, but that would be unavailing if the Journeymen bakers did not work on Friday night, which they are not willing to do. So the citizens will have to put up with stale bread during the festive portion of Easter. They seem to have accepted the situation philoso phically. It is not a great hardship to which they are to be subjected. Many of them will get over the difficulty by the home manufacture of scones and other kinds of cakes, which, if. the. cook-., ing should'.be good, will be an appreci-' ated variety in the menu. Every mail steamor that has left Sydney during the past few weeks for England via the Southern ports has been full of passengers. Of the latter many were bound for Tasmania,' but the majority were booked through to the Old Country. This traffic is as great as ever it has been in ordinary seasons, and it suggests the question: Wheit do the people get the money for travelling? In England the general belief amongst persons who take any interest in Aus tralia is that the country is on the verge of insolvency, and they must be surprised that thousands of tlie citizens can afford to make the grand tour at such a time. Whatever may be the case with the masses in New South Wales, the classes seem to have plenty of money for the purposes of luxury. 