The Traveller. ARGENTINE IMPBESSIONS, A SPLENDID FUTURE. No. VI. (From our Special Correspondent.) The feeling in commercial circles in Argentina is just now one of quiet exulta- tion as regards the future of her export trade. South Africa, they say, is ruined by the war, and Australia is crippled by the drought. Not only has South Africa ceased to be an exporter; she is a good customer for stock and agricultural produce. New Zealand is acknowledged as a competitor in frozen meat and butter, but she is so small that in discussing the developments of the future she is regarded as a negligible quantity. Although it was in 1515 that Juan de Solis first sailed into the River Plate, which from its vast extent he called the "Mar Dulce," or Freshwater Sea, Argentina is really newer than Australia. As a sample of how Spain developed her colonies, his- tory relates that soon after Buenos Aires was founded the Home Government pro- hibited all imports except by way of Peru and Tucuman. This would be about equiva- lent to forbidding any goods to enter Syd- ney except overland via Port Darwin. Even 30 years ago passengers and merchandise were taken from the ocean steamer, lying four miles out in the roads, transferred to a launch, thence to a rowing boat, and so landed at the jetty. The present magni- ficent harbor, with its four great docks and two basins, is a thing of the last 10 years. Some 28 steamers are just now engaged in carrying sheep, cattle, horses, mules, butter, alfalfa, &c;, to South Africa to repair the ravages of war. Notices are posted along- side the docks offering £1 to peones going to Cape Town in charge of stock. "We are going to get a good bit of Joe Chamber- lain's 30 million loan," said an exporting agent to me. The trade will be still more active now that the British ports have been again opened to live cattle. The official estimate of the wheat yield for 1902-3 in the four principal provinces IIectjrc-3 Kilos Yield Bneno, Aires .,1,S, %f !'f™ #ns. Total & avffc 3,599,101 SG2 3 w- ]?-(, Joi':J-lnshsh measureB the «*uni t^M Acres Bushels Yield in sssvi'- ?? i-Siii v¥re' -#£& ^oHios..:;: %«j. « 1;Sr Totate & ayeweTs^i ^ ^^OT 1,,, l i glV6S 3U average of Praclically 13 S M -PCr aCre f01' the BeP«Uic. The ex po, table quantity of wheat tins year is e^i mated at 2,250,000 tons, the Jar^t eveP Z7' liG ''O'St °f l:loduci'g WO kilos of w |i«.t on the farm in the province of Santa le is calculated at 3.C6 dollars, or 1/SJ per c. \al i?,°rt °f 8llil)ment is a-» dollars per 100_ kjlos, or 3/ DPl. ?ln-]lD, rw,.u ?# wsmm 'eSfro,n Mo'?^!?^ is & ^ H«tS h^fS^u^f^^^^ebutin the jlst Stf^' ,he *™s alfalfa plfed toS 'Seed and imP?ements are sup fnlTfo/l1,01'1^ is the av«»ge annual rain aL° fme Te.\\\T^ntative plai.-es:-BueiiO8 Aues, yuo millimetres (354 in)- Mali in ?£??». «7min (181 in.) rfosario/flK ?n n. (36i in.); Cordoba, 695 min. (274 in ) - Tu cuman, 935 min. (37 in.). ' '' nf^u Sn'f°f lhlseed for 1902'3 is estimated i-Ji tous- Grown on 1,304,000 hectares. Sm«*n eXpo^u wiU iirobaWy amount to. 500,000 tons. The area under crop lias in V''ei6nn rn?'d!y' beiPS o»ly 258,000 hectares ISJi ? Ine- quantity oi maize exported in ™WxS, ?)2*8'000 t(-ns' as 'gainst 740.000 in 1800\. This year it is believed the crop will be a record one of perhaps 3 to 3i million ions.- . ». : ~ ' Ploughing is still largely done with the rii.hre-iiuiuiv, imi me iwo ana tiiree-snare American gang ploughs are coming into use As they turu a furrow up to 15 in. broad, tlie two-share implement covers as much ground as nn English or Australian three fiirrow. They are light and well adapted to stoneless and treeless soil like the Argen tine. Approximate prices of imported machinery are as follows:— American, har vester and binder, 210 dollars gold (£42); English traction set (engine and thresher), 7,000 dollars gold (£1,400); American ditto 4,000 dollars -(£800);, American mowers 5 ft., 70 dollars gold ( £11) ; American horse rakes, 8 ft., 35 dollars gold ( £7); windmills for raising water, ordinary camp installa tion, 200 dollars gold (£40).' To these prices must be apded 20 per cent, lor agent's commission, sales being generally effected through, storekeepers in, the coun try towns. Employes of the great Ameri can factories travel through the agricultural districts in November and, December, put ting the machines in good' order for the harvest. Twenty-five 'Sunshine' harves ters were brought over from Ballarat in time for the 1902-3 . drop, and were readily sold. They were tried on eeveifeil . estan cias and chaeras in- the province oi Buenos' Aires, and are said to have worked success fully, but I was not able to meet anyone who had seen them in operation. If 'the climate is not too damp for them they have a big future in 'the Argentine, for ai most all the wheal'growers I lnet had heard of the wonderful Australian machine, 'Which can head, thresh,, winnow, and bag at the same time. .The Argentine wheat sacks hold a little over 2 bushels. AVlien lull they weigh 55 to 60 kilos (&1 to 132 lb.).- Formerly larger bass, were used, holding 70 to 80 kilos («4 to 176 lb.), but the lumpers objectedj'-and the smaller size was introduced. Thi£ :is. a great improve ment on the Australian 4-bushel bags, which induce heart disease among the lumpers, and in various' ways injure the j health of all who have' id carry such exces sive ireightsrr . : . 'Frigorifico' is the handy . Spanish term for refrigerating works, especially meat-' freezing establishments, and the word ha^ been adopted in.Argentine English. The number of frozen wethers exported in 1902 was 3£ million, and owing: to- the erection of new. works, the output will- soon' be: ?much increased. -3?lie frigorificos are ..re turning 50 to 70 per cent, on capital ' in vested, whjcli is not so bad at a time when financial authorities are telling the ordinary investor that he will soon have; to be con tent with 1 per cent, for gilt-edged eecuri1 ties. ,^ In the Argentine there are no droughts to necessitate closing the works for months, as in Queensland, and the sup ply, of cattle and sheep is practically, inex-, naustible. The Sansinena Company, which began operations at' llarracas )ri 1884, are. erecting a new frigorifico at Bahia Blanca, which will be ready in flfay to treat 1,000 Bheep daily. The hew frigorifico at La Plata, oflicially called the 'La Plata Cold Storage Company,' is being built by the same group . of capitalists, who ' own similar works in Queensland, and the necessary funds, amounting to £400,000, were subscribed in South Africa. -The contractors are Messrs. W. Wilson Rnd Parry, of Sydney, and the engineer is Mr. F. Coxon, or the same city., Tli&oi;'cmnn and several of the under fore men are also Australians. The work will be completed in about a year, and will treat 300 cattle and 3,000 sheep daily. They will be under the management of an Australian, Mr. F. V. Manning. Later on it is pro posed to double- this capacity. The pro vincial Government of Buenos Aires have granted the company the freei use of the site, and of several thousand acres of fat tening paddocks close by for a term of 30 years; all material and machinery is import ed tree of duty. The peones on this work earn from 1.80 dollars to 2.50 dollars per day (3/ to 4/4) ;' bricklayers and carpenters, 3 dollars to 4.50 dollars' (5/3 to 7/10). Last year 830,000 charters of beef were exported to England and South Africa. Prices of some live stock in January in the Buenos Aires markets were as follows: —Fat steers. £4 11/ to £4 13/; stores, 42/ to 50/: fat calves, 22/9 to 24/6; wethers for freezing. 8/9 to 13/; ewes, 6/ to 8/; lambs, 5/ to 6/. The wool exports of 1902 amounted to 441,000 bales, and the River Plate bale is much larger than the Australian. In 1901 the export was 533,000 bales. . Hand-shear ing is said to be carried out . in a verv slovenly manner, the men being a scratch lot, consisting principally of Gauchos and Italians, and sometimes Indians. The legs of the sheep are tied for the operation, and the price is 4 cents per sheep* or 4 dollars (7/) per 100, whether the shearing is by band or machinery. At the JEstaneia San tamarina, near Tandil, the machines were used by women this year, and one lady ex pert is said to have got up to .160 a da£. Hand-shearers generally do about 60 a day, rarely reaching 80 or 100. The estanciero sends his wool to market in large baas or bundles, called ''lienzos/' and weighing 70 to 80 kilos. On reaching the Mercado de Frutos, in Buenos Aires, the wool is un packed and roughly sorted by the peones into heaps, according to quality. The sales are not by auction, but are conducted pri vately between the buyers (mostly French and German) and the agent for the estan oiero. Thf sales are registered in an ad joining department called the 'Bolsa Comereial.' The wool is then taken to the neighboring 'barracas,' or warehouses, of the exporting firms, where it i',3 re-sorted by experts, and baled by hydraulic pres sure. Each bale weighs about 400 kilos (882 lb.) . The Mercado de Frutos— its full title is 'Mereado Central de Frutos del Pais,' or 'Central Market for the Products of the Country' — is the largest wool market in the world. It covers . .150.000 sauare metres (180,000 square yards), and can hold a Mock of 25 million kilos (55 million lb.). The Republic possesses 100 million sheep, and the cross between Lincoln and Rain bouillet predominates. Fifteen per cent, are merinos, and the remainder are Lin colns, Leicesters, ltomney Marsh, and other sorts grown for coarse wool aud meat. Dairying began inMS90 on a very small scale, the export of butter in the following year being only 1,320 kilos. In 1901 it had risen to 1,512,000 kilos; in 1902 to 4,070,000 kilo.=, ami during 1903 it is estimated to ex ceed 6,000000 kilos (13,230,000 lb., or nearly 6,000 tons). An enormous extension of the industry is possible, as there are 8,000,000 cows which can be used for dairy purposes. The butter is made without any salt for home consumption and the British market; for the South African market, which is ac customed to the Australian article, some calf ic '.lAdntl ^Tinpf.v npr fc^ni' nf i.hfi milph cows are crossbred Shorthorns. The aver age price of a native cow, with her calf, is 65 dollars (£5 14/), and her average yield Sr or 6 litres (about 5 quarts) a day for '210 days. Each cow and calf require about one hectare of grass land ('2h acres), and the rent of such land would be 9 -dollars per hectare (6/4 per acre). The milking, &c;, at each tambo (dairy) of 120 to 150 cows, requires the labor of three expert peones, whose wages would be 35 dollars (£3 ]./) per montii eacn, plus accommodation ana iooa. The producer obtains 3 cents per litre (nearly 3d. per gallon) for his milk at the creamery. The cream is paid for at the factories according to the amount of butter fat which it contains. The Basque dairy men still adhere to their old-world system of milking with the ealf tied up alongside the cow, and allowing it to drain the ud der. The Swiss and Danish tamberos are introducing the ordinary method of wean-, ing the calf, and in time this will no doubt become general. The leading factory is the Union Argentina, which makes 30 tons of butter daily. The Buenos Aires Chamber of Commerce in us report ior .January .estimates tnat in 1002 eattle and sheep were exported to the value of 97 million dollars gold, and agri cultural produce to the value' of 63jnillioui?. or a total of 100 million dollars gold (£32,000,000). The exports of wool in 1902 are calculated to be worth £9,000,000; frozen meat, £1,240,000; butter, £150,000; hides, £4,700,000; chilled beef, £1,000,000; wheat, £3,500,000; maize, £4,000,000; lin seed, £3,600,000. Gold is pouring into Ar gentina as the result of this magnificent volume of trade, but it is probably pouring out again nearly as fast to pay interest on the national and provincial debts, dividends from railways, banks, tramways, frigoriii cos, &c.; The trade. of. the Republic iu 190] with some of the principal countries of the world was: Imports. reports. Great Britain .... £7,200,000 £6,000,000 France..' ? £2,000,000 £5,600,000 Germany ? £3,200,000 £4,200,000 United States ?. . . . £3,000,000 £1,800,000 The depreciated paper- money, due to the desperate efforts of the National and Pro vincial Governments to 'raise the wind' is a hindrance to commerce, and a nuisance to the traveller. There are notes for. various values, from one dollar (1/9) upAvards. There are no silver coins, but there are nickels for 20, 10, and 5 cents. ''Peso' and 'centavo' are (.lie Spanish terms, but the foiwer is always called, 'iiollar'^byiitepglisli residents and '-'piastre' by, . the ? French. The price of gold is quoted on the Bolsa,'- or, exchange, each day, by stat ing that so many paper dollars equal 10(J gold -dollars. At present '.? the ratio is pretty steady at about 227.30 dollars paper to 100 dollars gold, or in other words the gold premium; is 127.30 dollars, but in the past there have been the wildest fluc tuations. The price rose to. 400 in 1894, or in other words onegold' dollar equalled lour paper aol]ars;:which were then worth only 1/ each. 'In changing1 foreign ' money into' Argentine the calculation has first to be made according to 'the rate of exchange with the imaginary gold dollar and ' then the 'Conversion is made into the current papei1 money. £he inconvertible .paper-money baa been appreciating of late years in compari son with gold. This seems a very healthy tendency, but it is oot approved of by those who .consider that a depreciated cur rency ? encourages certain . native industries. A law has therefore been passed by which the Government 'will pay gold for notes at the rate of 227.27 dollars paper for 100 dol lars gold. Hence the present steadiness in the ratio. '? ' ... . The great railway companies are for the most part, doing good business. Some of them pay dividends of 8 per cent., and would pay. more only that the declaration of a higher-percentage would cntaii the necessity of seriously reducing rates accord ing to the terms.' of their concessions. The money is, therelorej put into improvements, which will be profitable in the long run. The; Southern Railway, besides its undertakings in jetties, docks, and other harbor improve ments, is erecting new sheds and workshops near the capital at a cost of 5 million dol lars. The cattle truc.ks open at each end, and this through communication allows of the train being loaded in a few minutes. The Englishmen who are settled on the land in Argentina tire practically all estan cieros: 1 was not able to hear of any who are wheatgrowers or dairymen on a small scale. These Englishmen live on their estancias, aud bear a strong family resem blance to that almost extinct type— the Aus tralian squatter, who manages his own run, and whose land is fertile and within the line of sufficient rainfall. The estancieros modestly acknowledge that they have been doing troll of late years; their friends call it 'coining money.' When I mention that dressing for dinner is de rigueur at most of their country residences, it will be under stood that they lire in a style correspond ing to their prosperity. There ,are several Australians and New Zealanders among them, and the number is likely to increase as the fertility of the land becomes better known. Nothing is more needed in Argentina than a continuous influx of steady northern blood, but 1 can scarcely imagine English men or Australians settling down comfort ably on comparatively small holdings unless they established themselves in separate colonies, as the Danes. Germans Swiss, tmd Russians have done. Mr. H. B. O'Meara, the well-known camp broker and valuator, kindly gave me his views on this subject. He considers that the Province of Cordoba offers the greatest advantages for such an undertaking. Land suitable for ' combined grazing, dairying, and agriculture can there be obtained when chances offer through forced sales at prices as low as 15 to 25 dol lars per hectare (10/9 to 18/ per acre). A family could make a comfortable living on 100 hectares (247 acres-) of such land when laid down in alfalfa (lucern), for which it is admirably suited. The distance from a railway-station would be from two to six miles, and 300 to 400 miles by rail from Buenos Aires The Provinces of Santa he and San Luis have also- suitable' land. The land tax is collected by the national Govern ment at the rate of 6 per mil, that is to say, 6 dollars for every 1,000 of the value fixed by the official valuator. This appraise ment ie, however, always below the market vaiue. air. -j lueara estimates the capital required for land purchase, live stock, and implements at a maximum of £5 per acre. I met one Englishman who had come out with the intention of wheat-growing, but an experience of some mouths in the southern part of the. province of Buenos Aires, among agriculturists who consider it a puerile waste of time to even wash their laces, had been too much for him. Having exhausted most of his means, he was in tending to work his way back on a cattle ship. There is no country in the wo--ld which can offer such cheap and. fertile land as Argentina, but I fear English-speakiug people would find many 'discrepancies' un less they began as a colony for purposes of mutual help and encouragement. Here are two country telegrams appear ing in the same day's issue of El Diurio —'Mendoza, January 17. — A resident of Belgrano, Jose Quiroga, was anonymously threatened that he must pay 3,000 dollars, but did not comply. In revenge some per sons destroyed a hectare of his French vines the other night with picks- They left him another anonymous letter, demand ing 5,000 dollars, and warning him that other damage would follow if he did not comply. The police are making investiga tions.' 'Salta, January 17.— The inepti uuc ui nic yuiivu is again Known oy tueil letting escape tlie assassin Felipe Acosta, without hope of capture.' One of the pj-oducer's troubles is the 'guia,' or permit for the transport of live stock, wool, hides, and grain from one dis trict to another, either by road or rail. The municipalities issue the 'guia,' and the charge for sheep is 20 cents per head; cattle for export 1.50 dollars per' head. The 'guia' has been recently declared illegal by the Supreme Court, because the con stitution forbids all taxes on internal trade, but a new ''tax on produce', has been evolved to allow the municipalities to go on pretty much as before. ? The complete ascendency of the Spanish language is remarkable, because there are over one million foreigners among the five millions of the Republic, and about 40 per cent, oi tne mnaDitants oi jjuenos Awes are Europeans. But the majority of these are Italians, who, owing to the similarity of the two tongue*, adopt Spanish almost as a dialect of Italian, aud speak a jargon that i3 about halfway between the two. Those who expect to hear the classic tongue of Cervantes in South America- will be dis appointed. It is- true the newspapers write grandiloquent Spanish, but it is not the language of the people any more than the 'journalese' of other countries represents the spoken tongue. The boast that Spanish is written exactly as it is pronounced is only partially -true of Old Spain, and still les? so of South America. Owing to the alteration of the lieped z and. soft c the word 'caza' (hunting) is pronounced exact ly like 'casa' (house); it is the same with ''cocer' (to cook), and 'coser' (to sew), 'ciento''(a hundred) and .'siento' (I feel), &c.; The liquid '11' is 'generally sounded, ?gv-eti by educated Argentines, like a r-rent-h ?j, and so is the consonantal 'y,' the result being- that such : common words as 'lluvia' (rain), 'ealle' (street), 'Yo' (I), 'Mayo' (May) acquire a new pronuncia tion puzzling to a stranger. 'iSJ? at the end of a syllable is usually suppressed, or pro nounced like a Spanish 'j, and there are other irregularities which it would 'be te dipus-tp nbte here. Thegutteral 'j' is a perfect Vslubbbletti-.tP most -of- the .immi grant peoples, except the Germans. The English replace it by a strong 'h,' and the Ffeiich 'ana Italians make no attempt at it. but simply say ' 'trabaca' for 'trabajo (work), and so on. ,. ,, : : No other nation adheres so patriotically to its own language as the British, and it is with genuine sorrow that English parents confess that their children oorn in the country prefer talking Spanish; 'It is such a pleasant language for them to chatter in,' said one father of a family to me by. iv.ay of explanation: In order to fceeD the sacred flaine alight the use of Castilhan is rigo rously forbidden in most English house holds. Owing to the necessities /of business the English husband generally Bpeaks the iattguage much, lhore fluently than his wife.' Where native servants are Kept a sensitive mistress feels a certain awkwardness at, .scolding them in a. foreign tongue, with; which she is not perfectly familiar. Argen tine servants are often as troublesome as those of other races, aud one day, when a crash on the floor announced that a -lot more valuable crockery was gone, the lady; of the house was so carried away as to ex claim, 'Oh, if I could only swear in Spanish!' . 'Mother' chirped out a small, clear voice behind her, '1H teach you!' It. was her hopeful six-year- old, but that talented young linguist is now con tinuing his education at a boarding-school in England. The Argentine loves fine lan guage as he loves every kind of display. I never looked up in a tramcar and saw that sometliing was being sold at 'precios isuma-: mente equitativos' without -thinking what a grand mouthful this was compared with the 'very moderate prices' on our adver tisements. A tiny eatinghou'se opposite the City Abattoirs bore the title, 'El Verda-, dero Emporio Gastrpnomico' (the Genuine Gastronomic Emporium). . Of the future greatness of the country, no one who sees even a comparatively small portion of it can have. a doubt. 'Not all the mismanagement in the world could keep it back' is a saying among the foreign resi dents, who are doing so much to push it along.' The radiant sun which jrleams be tween the two azure bands of the national flag is typical of its destiny. Ihe old Spanish- Argentine proprietors of so many broad and fertile leagues are being gradu ally expropriated by a simple and natural process. Tlie native estanciero borrows several thousands from one of the foreign loan companies, ostensibly to make improve ments on the property, but on finding so much ready cash in his hands he thinks a trip to Paris would be very nice, and his family cordially support him in the idea. 'A year or so in the gay capital soon melts the money, the mortgagees foreclose, and although there may be lengthy litigation, they win in the end, and the land passes into foreign hands. Through the growing influence of foreigners and the discontent of the working classt-s tbere will arise, be fore long, an irresistible demand for the retirement of the present political oligarchy aud their - replacement by men who will purify the administration, lessen the in direct taxation, and, above all, see that the taxes are not squandered by an army of corrupt and useless officials. When that day comes there will be such a boom — such a rapid increase in population and wealth— as tlie world has never seen, except -in the United States of America. 