Cable News. A deputation from a labour organisation asked Sir William Mulock, Postmaster- General of Canada, for legislation which would make it unlawful to prepay or assist the immigration into Canada of any person engaged uuder contract. Sir William Mulock replied that the proposal was against public interest, would j interfere vt ith Jniperial sentiment, and would check British immigrants. The proposal was, he said, objectionable from every standpoint, in the House of Commons Sir Gilbert Parker urged the inclusion of meat of Canadian-bred cattle iu the contracts for the arm}'. ' Mr. St. John Brod rick, the Secretary of Ktate for War, said that the arrangements under which home-bred beef was ex clusively accepted for the army in Great Britain could oiily be disturbed to tha detriment of home produce. Italian immigration to Cape Colony has collapsed on account of tbe Italians demanding increased terms. Thu report of the Mortgage Company of South Australia shows a profit of £0098. A diviiend of 2 per ccut, is declared, and a. sum of £271 ia carried forward. The Bntish and Australasian Trust and Loan Company has declared a dividend ot 5 per cent, and a bonus of 2 per cent. St. Petei sburg Unii ersity has been closed, owing to the men students supporting the women medical students in resisting a new and harder curriculum. Lieutenant- General Sir Ian Hamilton has been appointed Quartermaster-General to the Forces, in succession to Sir C. M. Clark. Three pictures at Windsor Castle have been de liberately slashed across. Servants at the castle are suspected of this act of vandalism. Russian troops have beeu sent to protect the in terests of a Russian holder of timber concessions at the mouth of the Yalu River, Korea, against Japanese rival claimants, who are already in posses sion. The imports of the United Kingdom for the last quarter increased by £6,018,ti(-3, and the exports by £2,890,956. Dr. Webber, Bishop of Brisbane, is a passsnger for Australia by tho Ophir. He has been frequently unconscious, and it is feared that he will not survive the voyage. King Edward- in company with King Carlos witnessed a bull tournament at Lisbon. The tourna ment was purely a spectacular display and gym nastics, in which skill was exhibited in evading the bull's blunted horns. According to the Vatican authorities it is now stated that King Edward will not visit the Pope, but will write expressing regret that his brief stay prevents him paying a visit, and hopiug to call on the Pope on the occasion of another and longer stay at Rome. King Edward will arrive at Paris ou May 2, and will stay five days at the British Embassy. It is expectsd that Presi dent Loubet will return tbc visit, and will arrive in London in the autumn. King Edward departed from Lisbon for Rome amidst enthusiasm. On arrival for lunch at the Ro\ al yacht his Majesty affirmed that beyond tbe alliance was a deep-rooted mutual trust between the two nations (Great Britain and Portugal). King Carlos was equally cordiil. Portuguese cruisers accompanied the Royal yacht for 20 miles. The King, m the Royal yacht Victoria aud Albert, arrived at Gibraltar on Wednesday, and met with . the heartiest demonstrations of welcome. 100 ships, including men- o'- war, dressed. At night there was a State banyuet at the residence of General Sir George White, Governor and Commander-in-Cbief of the fortress. King Edward announced that he had promoted Sir George White to the rauk of i'ield-Marshal, and eulogised his great abilities and his services to the Empire. The Sultan of Morocco sent the Governor of |Fez to Gibraltar, on tbe occasion of King Edward's visit, to greet the King aud congratulate him on his coronation. Thu dock directors estimate that the purchase price in connection with the bill to provide for the control of the Port of London will be £30,000,000. The London Education Bill has been read the first time in the House of Commons. It is provided that the measure shall become operative m 1904. The County Council will be tliB educational authority through a committee, on which there will be 3t- representatives of the council, and one member for each borough council, besides voluntary school representatives. The borough c Duncils will manage the council schools. There is violent Radical oppos ition to the 'bill. Severino Klosowki, the Pole, alias George Chap man, licensee of the Crown Hotel, South wark, was executed lust week for the murder by poisou of barmaids whom he employed. Mr. William Hayes Fisher has resigned the position of Financial Secretary to the Treasury owing to tbe J udge's strictures of his directorship of the bankrupt Telescriptor Syndicate. Mr. lis tier assured the House of Commons that he was unawarea co-director had sold any shares to the public. Last week he paid £5000, purchasing at par every share thus sold. Amid cheers, Mr. A.J; Balfour, the Premier, assured Mr. Fisher that his action had raised his reputation for honour and integrity. Mr. CampbellBauner man, leader of tbe Opposition, expressed sympathy \- with Mr. Fisher and commendation of his action. Mr. E. Blake, speaking for Irishmen, said that Mr. Fisher had vindicated his reputation. The German Emperor's journey to Copenhagen is attnbuted to a desire to secure Denmark in the event of a naval war. The Emperor William in bidding farewell to King Christian said that henceforth he would consider binself a son of tlie Danish house. A riot occurred among factory workers on strike at Nijni Novgorod, Eastern Russia. The military were called out, and using artillery killed 30 of the rioters. 100 others were wounded. It is reported that the Italian Government is organising a direct steamship line between Genoa and Australasia, hoping to attract German exports via Genoa At the election to fill the vacancy iu the represen tation of Camborne Division, Cornwall, in the House of Commons, Sir Wilfrid Lawsou (Liberal) was elected by a majority of 689 votes over Mr. Arthur Strauss (Conservative). At a trial on Wednesday of Shamrock HI., the challenger for the America Cup, she easily outclassed Shamrock I and Shamrock II. New South Wales 3 per cent, stock is quoted at £90; an advance of £2 since Thursday last. South Ausliiilian 3 per cent, stock is ^quoted at £91, a rise of £1. At the annual meeting of the London Bank of Australia Sir J ames F. Garrick, the chairman of directors, said that the general business of the bank \- wa3 satisfactory. The decrease iu profit was largely due to the absence of wool bills. fhe auditors con curred in the wisdom of the proposal to reduce the capital, otherwise they would be compelled to qualify their certificate, which would prejudice the bank's cuirent business, especially in Australia. It is reported that 20,000 Russian troops are con centrating at Feng-huang, about 50 miles westnorth west of Yalu and commanding the approaches to the Yalukiang, forfuing the boundary between Man churia and Korea. A young porter has been arrested at Altona, Schleswig- Holstein, for the murder of three woman under circumstances resembling the Whitecbapel murders. Mr. Birchenough, the British Trade Commissioner m South Africu, in an interview at Pietermaritzburg, Natal, said that with freights equal to-the American rates, Australasia's trade with South Africa should rapidly increase. Afghans have arrested Lieutenant-Colonel A, C. Yate when wandering near a tort at Spinbaldak. It is believed that he accidentally crossed thB frontier. The construction of the extension of the Haghdad railway to Koweyt, on the Persian Gulf, will have the effect of saving 3£ days in the delivery of the Indian mails. Mr. Balfour, in the couise of a speech, said that he foresaw the construction of tbe exten sion, and he suggested that British capitalists should consider the expediency of joining iu the under taking. Otherwise tbe railway w-ould be iu the hands of French and German capitalists, who had mutually agreed on the plans. No negotiations, he said, were intended with France or Germany.-,,. His feeling on the matter was that the terminus should be placed at Koweyt, with whose sheik we had a . special tieaty, rather than on territory where we would be unable to claim preferential advantages. Moreover, he poiuted out Great Britain had a mono poly of the position in the Persian Gulf. General Sir Evelyn Wood, Commandant of the 2nd Army Corps, has been raised to the rank of Field-Marshal. A Royal Commission has been appointed to inquire into the state of the militia and the volun» teers. While the sailors of the United States battleship Iowa were engaged at big-gun target practice off Pensacola, Florida, an explosion occurred in a 12iu. | gun. Three men were killed aud several others 'ij were injured. The Czarina is suffering from peritonitis. Her condition is serious. The Marquis of Londonderry, tbe President of the Board of Education, in the course of a speech stated that he was astouuded at the wild rumours of tho Government's intentions to institute a form of Home Rule for Ireland. He said. that he had never heard a member of the. Government mention the subject. Mr. G. Wyndham, the. Chief Secretary for Ireland, describes the rumours as '? unfounded rubbish.' The Rev. H. M. M. Evans, formerly Vicar of St. Michael's, Shoreditch, who resigned owing to the Bishop of Lonion insisting on obedience to his injunction regarding tbe services, has beun converted to the iiomiin Catholic Church. Many of his con gregation have followed him iu his new faith. Lord Xorthcote, the Governor of Bombay, after visiting the Aden hinterland, recommends tho con struction of a railway irom Aden to Othala. Such a line, he says, would tap tbe richest part of Arabia, aud would be useful for the purposes of carriage to sanatoria in the hinterland. He proposes to other wise develop the commercial possibilities of Aden. The United States Circuit Court of Appeals has restrained the Northern Securities Company from * acquiring or voting on stock on the Northern Pacific Railway and the Great Northern Railway Company (of Minnesota) at the meetings of those two com panies, inasmuch as tbe stocs was acquired in virtue of a combination in restraint of trade among several States. The decision has caused a sensation en Wall street. Mr. Pierpont Morgan, the organic sr of the Securities Company, will appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States. The shareholders in Allsopp's Brewing Company have agreed to a reduction of capital from £3,300.000 to £1,870,000. The London Road Car Company is arranging for a service of 500 motor omnibuses. Over 5000 horses will thus be abolished. The London General Omni bus Company is experimenting with motor cars. Kiug Edward has sent four battleships to greet President Loubet on bis forthcoming visit to Algiers. The act of the King has delighted the French people. The King on Saturday reviewed 5000 troops at Gibraltar. A German warship has arrested a number of native teachers aud preachers of the American mission at Ruk Island iu tbe Carolines. The Gei mans allege that the arrested natives preached against Ger many. Hollanders who are returning from Europe to Cape Colony declared that Dr. Leyds paid their passage. The invasion of crowds of people into The Dean yd Cemetery, Edinburgh, to visit the grave of Sir Hector Afacdonald has compelled the authorities to iusist that societies placing wreaths on the grave shall provide a man from the police for their protec tion. The New Zealand Gaelic Society and many other societies have acquiesced iu this proposal. ! A meeting at Dingwall, the deceased soldiers birth place, has agreed to co-operate with other move ments in tbe placing of a memorial in the town. Iu the Somaliiand operations, Boers and Sikhs while pursuing a party of Midjertian deserters cap tured 28 of them, 100 camels, and 1000 sheep. Lions attacked a zareeba at the British camp at Galadi and killed seven camels. The ' Standard ' states that an agreement has been concluded between Great Britain, France, and Germany to participate equally m controlling the proposed Baghdad railway. The Turkish Cus toms are to guarantee the reveuue of the rail way. Three British direct jis have already been chosen. The Indian Government has sent large reinforce ments to the frontier at Quetta. This act implies a recognition of possible danger from the Persian frontier. Tne Lebaudy airship balloon at a trial at Poissons yesterday weathered a north-easterly breeze at a height of 900ft., and moiutoined a speed of 20 miles an hour. * Snowfalls are reported from all parts of England. fid The outrage by which an express train was wrecked at Ballymoe is attributed to a local griev ance. Contractors had employed English work men. The presence at Colombo of eight Russian war ships, which are proceeding to Port Arthur, has ' created uneasiness among the citizens, since ordinarily only two foreign warships are allowed in port simul taneously. .Russian officers have been allowed to in vestigate the arrangements for the Btonng of cool. The Earl of Cromer, the British Consul- General and Minister in Egypt, in his report on the condi tion of the country, says that despite au exception- , ' ally bad year the surplus in the Egyptian Treasury *-' ? amounts to £716,000. The Soudan, he says, is making a marked advance in material, moral, and commercial progress. Owing to physical difficulties he doubted the necessity aud the practicability of continuing the Nile railway to Uganda and thence to the Cape, 1 Three hundred men of the African are hurrying to WalWal Wells, whence the Mullah Abdullah of Somaliiand is letreating to Dik. Since tbe Mullah has now been expelled far beyond tlie Bntish borders it is considered that it will not *be necessary to pursue him if the protection of the; British frontier is feasible. - i-Jeg! The Reliance, the America Cup defender, has been lauuehel at HerresholTs yard, Bristol, Rhode Island. The Amalgamated Society of Engineers, for having procured the dismissal of a blacksmith from a foundry at Cork on the ground that he was only a labourer, has been mulct in the sum of 40 guiueas damages and costs. During last year 32,098 Germans emigrated. ^ Eight thousand Greeks have gone to the United States since December. Two bogie wheels and a piece of truck, which were placed on the hue, derailed the Dublin night express at Ballymoe. a. carriage telescoped. One passen ger was killed, and eight others were injured. A Tongking newspaper accuses Fiench officers of cruelties to natives. It is stated that many natives bave been executed after a mock trial, and that villages have been sacked. The Parisians clamour for sweeping reforms in the administration of the colony. A referendum io the State of Kansas led to au £ unprecedented and overwhelming vote in favour of ? prohibition of the liquor traffic. ' ? 