GENERAL^ NLWS London, April 8.— The Kaisor, ia bid ding furoweil to King Christian at Oopen hsgon, said that ' henceforth ha Bhculd — consider himself a son of the Danish Boynl House. ,. Three pic'.ntca at Windsor Oastla have boon deliberately slashed across, Ser vants are suspegted of committing the outrage. Five Arltunga oompaoies have been registered, wi;h a gross capital of .£8.590. Mbboob at Basle, Switzerland, to the number of 2,500, who were on strike, atoned the polios, who were protecting non-strikers. Troops^ have been sum moned. The Pole Kloeofsbl, alias George Chap man, a Southwark publican, who was oonvioted of poisoning a barmaid, Maude Marsh, and snspeated of poisoning several women previously, has baen hanged. The King of the Belgians, who exer cises limited Sovereign rights over the Congo Free State, is resisting the evacua tion of the Lado enolave. which Great Britain desires, in order to secure to Egypt the oontrol of the waterway of the Nils in that region, A Renter's Agency message states that a deputation from labor organisations ^ )tfia nfflrn/? kha Tiaaiulaf-npa in melea ik nn. lawful to prepay or otherwise assist the immigration into Canada ofc any person under a oontraot to labor. Bit W. Mulock, the Pos-.master. General, on behalf of .the Dominion Government, replied that the proposal of the deputation was against the publio interest and inter-Imperial sentiment. It would check the flow of British immigrants into Canada, and was objectionable from every standpoint. Sir Franois Jeune, President of the Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Divi sion of the Supreme Court of Judicature, has granted leave to presume the death as having occurred of Miss Camilla Hol land, a wealthy lady oi Moat Farm, Olavering, Esses, who disappeared myB terionsiy in 1898, end in respect of whoso ' disappearance an aimy pensioner was arrested. Sequestration of the estate of Lady Gordon iwho retained oustody of the child, Osoily Gordqn, after the Supremo Court had ordered her to give the child up to Christian Gordon, Lady Gordon's whereabouts being unknown) has been granted. Lieutenant-General Sir Ian Hamilton Has osou pcumoiou (a tao pD9iuon or Quartermaster-General to the forces (the pay of the post being £2,100 per aonum). Italian cmigratioil to Capo Colony has collapsed, the Italians demanding in creased terms, [Tho Italians, who .were skilled in vine oultnre, wore offered & guarantee by the Cape Government of 29 6d per diem. They arked 5s, bui t number went under a guarantee of Si 93 with house and garden provided free] 