;The Elections. THIS GOVERNMENT FISCAL v' ' POLICY. AS; EXPLAINED BY SENATOR *-?*.? 'DRAKE. Speaking at Mnittaud, on Wednesday, in support of Mr. J. -H. F. Waller, Senator Drako made tbc following re marks in roforeo.ee to tho fiscal policy of his (tho Deakiu) Government: — 'Tho Iron Boddb Bill, ho' said, was a bill calculated to. give employment to 2000 or 3000 pooplo by firmly establishing tho iron industry. They must got the industry started, if posniblo, or do without it. The Federal Government wanted also to do something to encourage rural in dastries with the view of benefitting thoso people hore, and. finding an opening for desirable immigrants. All agricultural matters fell under the jurisdiction of the State departments, but tho Federal Government thought an intelligence depaitmont Bhonld be created to work in connection with the State departments. They believed in giving^onuBes for assiRting industries bo as to vgive employment to those working on the land.' They hud also in framing the tariff acted on the principle' that while :they required tt tariff' to' raise revenue they should ubo it incidentally to give a preference to their own people as ogninsfc foreign ers. Thoso who criticised the Govern ment did not give them credit for the difficulties that were in the way. in creatinpf a federal tariff. The Federal Government was entitled to credit on the ground: that the: difficulties of the tariff^ thohgh not insuperable, were very great. Tho constitution pro»ided in mandatory form for the creation of a uniform tariff within two years. Tho Stato tariffs had varied before federation from ' £1 4s per head in New South Wales to £5 iu Western Australia. The Government, howdver, in carrying out Sir Edmund Barton's manifesto, bad to got revenue .without destruction — that was not to allow any of the infantile industries of the country to be stifled by foreign com petition. In N.S.Wales the people before federation, were raising 24s per head, which was 17^ per cent, of their total revenue, and in Queensland it was £3 38 8d, or more than double. If they compromised fairly, it meant that taxation must go up where it had been low, and come down where it had been high.. The present tariff was£2,;5s 6d per head, or exactly the average that was raised per head in the six States before federation.. The Federal Govern ment endeavoured, while keeping the States financial,. to see that industries ?were noV destroyed. The tariff 'was not what they wanted, but they claimed that it fulfilled: the promise made; in i3i r ijaniuDa £-srcon s uianuesco, ana so they could not be charged with being the means of destroying in dustries, and had destroyed none up to the present time. Any alteration of the tariff caused a lot of interference -with business, and, as the repeal of the whole of the tariffs of the six different States must necessarily cause great disturbance of trade, there was no need to continue that disturbance. They must have fiscal peace if they wished the country to prosper. They had had a long discussion over it, and that period was 'a time of hesitation and doubt. Now that they had a bountiful season — with the prospect of others to follow — let them take advantage of the seasons, and do the most they could for Australia. And they could only do that by ceasing from fiscal strife. His party stood, therefore, for. fiscal peace during the next three years. What had the other side to offer ? What would arise from interference with existing conditions but- turmoil and unrest? With three years of fiscal peace they would have an' op-' portunity of testing the tarih'. The tariu — u vds bomeumes caiica pro tectionist, but it -vas so low that it ?would not be called 'a protectionist tariff at all in other countries. ' The Board of Trade in England had said thaf from a protectionist point of view 'the pro'ectkmist. tariff is that, of Russia — 130 per cent.— then Germany, the Uni'ed States, down to Aus tralia with a tariff of only- sere.n jjit cent. — the lowest in the- world but one, Cape Colony. The '.party lo which he belonged said that Aus'nilians should, hnve a prefer enco over foreigners.. And so, they lintl themselves taking part in t hut great movement in England, initiated by Mr. Chamberlain, to give a prefer ence to British workers in British markets. For 25 years men in Britain ? ?* ? who had foresight had questioned the wisdom of_ the miscalled freelrade policy. When he' -was there a few years ago tlin people wera talking about 'the high tariffs of foreign countries, which prevented them send I ..« i-innAa tYiai*_i wliiiu Hitinlnnrl n lowed them to sead their goods to her shores unhindered. ' . The idea of llichard Cohdsn was that all nations would become .one brotherhood, when ??-' England adopted freetrade. There ct-rtuinly wiis a stimulation of trade in Eugland, but other nations, who kept to protection, made progress also. And they must bear in mind that if, i as freetraders told them, the position v of England was due to freotrade,then ' all the other nations should havo stood V stil I. But they knew that during the ; last 25 years the progress of the other b~ nations had been greater than thao of -, '?: . England, and as an agricultural nation' ;;?. England had come very low.' I; Senator Drake uext. proseeded to ' ?:?: deal with, the preferential-trade pro ;..': posals, which 'his Government sup i .'?? ported, as if adopted, and our farmers I and producers got. a preference over [ foreigners . in. the British markets, it ?;,;?'?? would give a great stimulus to our ; pastoral and agricultural industries. j Of goods imported into England, £236,000,000 could be. produced in \: Australia.'but we only sent JEIS.000,000 ?; wui'tli, the balance being bought from | - foreign parts. Australia, ho said, had !./? tlin land, and only wanted the people' !'. . and the encouragement to_ produce ] theai goods, and we would send to ?-,? England tores or four tinifs as much ?;.??.? us ivo do at present. |. ::. * Mr. Wise, speaking at Bathurst, in I '??'. . advocacy of Mr. Sandford, said that V the issno of tho elections .was not free ,?;?' trn.lt) or protootion, but - uniionnl trade .?I.1'.- - on opposad to foreign, trade. The death is announced of Herbert Spencer, tho eminent English econo mist, at the ago of 83. Spencer's works on political economy and sociology have achieved ' for their author world-wide, fame. All, or many of them, have been translated into tin; French, . German, Italian, Spanish, Russiun, Hungarian, Bohemian, Polish, Dutch, Danish, Swedish, Greek,. Jap -anrsi1, and Chinese Unguac;es. His father was a schoolmaster, and his uncle a clergyman, by both of whom he was educated. Sin.co 1886, he had boen an invalid. In 1883, he was elected a correspondent of the French Academy of Moral and Political Scionco for the section of Philosophy, in the room of Etnmerson, but he de clined the honor, as he did all academic honors and other distinctions. He is probably the lust of the giant intellects of the Victoria era. 