AFFAIRS IN JAPAN. Fresh from interviews with the Mar quis 0to, and froin valedictory dinneris with Baron Kodama, Viscount Saga, Messrs. Sakatani and Taguchi Ulkichi and other leading Japanese citizens, Mr. E. W. Cole has arrived In Melbourne, after a nine months' tour of Japan and the eastern islands. Mr. Cole, who was accompanied by his wife aeti daughter, explains that in making his trip he did not trouble himself with any business affairs whatsoever. In his own words, he travelled with "humainitarian 'inie tions," or to collect evidence in connec tion with the question of a "white Aus tralia." Nevertheless, his observations on matters of general concern are very interesting. "There is a strong feeling against Tins sia in Japan," says Mr. Cole. "Russia advances in Manchuria are the subject of daily discussion in the Japanese press veil amongst public, men, for there is a conviction that if Russia is successful in consolidating her interests in Mann churia it will only be a matter of time for her to secure Korea. There is a good deal of trade between Japan and that peninsula. Japan has large inte rests there, and has settled a good popu lation in the territory, whereas at pre sent Russia has little or no claims of the saine kind. It was stated in the Japanesei newspapers a little while ago that Russia had agreed to give Japan complete power in Southern Korea, pro viding that she was allowed to have Manchuria and Northern Korea. Japan does not want that. Later on it was said that Russia ihad proposed to take Manchuria and allow Japan Korea. As to the truth of the report, I cannot say. There is not the slightest doubt that Russia jntends to have JL-nchuria, and the feeling nmongst most people is that she is there to stay. The Siberian railway was not made for the purposes of trade. People who have travelled over it s'y that a great quacetity of arms ansh ammunition are being carried to the East, and that in all respects it is a military line. The Marquis Ito showed me a letter received by him from an American, in whicidh it was scated that the writer had seen one train laden with 120 guns. Japan is making every pre. paratione in the event of hostilities. "I was speaking with the captini of one of the cmecn-o'-war at a. dinner given to ius aboard," continued Mr. Cole. "I asked hini, 'leow do you 'think you. could meet Russia?' He replied, 'i have been six years in Russia, and I know very little about her an-y, but I knows a good deal about her navy, aind I know that its internal management is veiy bad. I don't fear them.' Then lIe set his teeth andci aled, 'We could light them.' The story of this belligerent Jopanesc is told to illustrate his countrymen's ex treme confidence. Speaking of the development of Wes tern civilisation .in Japan, Mr. Cole ob served that there is "a great rage" among Japanese to learn English. Moreover, they are lesrning it very quickly and very generally. Evidence of Western ideas is to be found everywhere. 'ice people have a great respect for the eng lisih, hut, nevertheless, there appears to ie a growing idea of "Japan for the Japanese." "Right away in the back districts," Mr. Cole continues, "the schools are as numerous and forward as they are in the principal towns. Count Okama, who is generally looked upon as being the second lian in Japan, les foun ded schools which are ottenled by 5000 scholars, and English is being taught icc all of them. Education in various uia nufactures is also being attended to. I went 'to a school one afternoon, and found a teacher lecturing to 25 or 30 yqcng mes upon interhational law." Tech nical, military and engineering colleges are springing up throughout the coun try, and the interest displayed in his studies by the young Japanese, as well as his all-round nptitude, struck Mr. Cole as being remarkable. Manufactures of all kinds are being developed. Tokio leas rapidly increased itsapopulation to 1,700,000, and in other cases the towns have trebled their popu lations withini a few years. With the spread of Western ideas the 40,000,000 of people in Japan, Mr. Cole considers, must rapidly develop production and find improved outlets for both themselves and their goods. So far as Australian trade with Japan is concerned, Mr. Cole, who believes that a "white Australia" is icn possible, cannot help dwelling at length upop what he considers to be the in justice of the present means, of restrict ing Japanese and other immigration. The legislation, lie says, must cheek inter change between the two countries. Never theless, lie thinks that there are great possibilities in the direction of an increas er] export of meats. butter, and jam to Japan. Cattle and sheep are raised there With great difficulty, and the demand for meat is steadily growing. Returns have shown that those fed on meat diet in the navy have increased in weight and height. and as the Japanese are very anxious to grow to a larger stature meat is highly favoured. American, Dutch, French, and Danish butter is to be oh tained in Japan, as well as a little Ais. tralian.c The local product is very in ferior, and Australia, M-r. Cole 'thinks, should be able to find a good market- alsays providing, of course. that she can conpete witi other exporting .oun.t-ies in the matter of price. Pniuis inc ice Sto nechi, like toothache, nrc not daisgerous, but decidedly sin pleassoit. Persocs. 'chli are subject' to such attacks 'csill be pclessed to know I lit promipi relief imay be Iccd icy taking o ldoe or tsro of Cliamibcriainc's Colic, Cholera, acid D~iarrhcoen Ilecmedy. For sale by oil dealers, Hatton and Laws, Wholesale Agents.* 