BOWD ABOUT LONDON. LONDON FOREIGNERS "DAY BY DAY." ; Thc special correspondent of the Sydney . rW!y Telegraph^ in London, uniting on ' ' tilo UMjhùf Bebruary, says :-> It ls more than probable that something will be dor« during the Parliamentary ses moa trbjch opens on Tuesday next in emu/ '. lotion ot Australia's legislation for the re) «triction of alien immigrants. , , . ? Not only,'too, are two leading London daily r«p^ Conducting a vigorously ag p^i ve campaign against the hook-nosed and frowsy " strangers within our gatos,'' but politicians and public men of all par. (Jeja andiprofessions w* flooding the news Spère generally with interviews and let- ra against that, unrestricted admission Into England of undesirable foreigners of thc diseased,1pwrporised, criminal, and vicious classes. -TiteJiospitdl records show a larger proportion in foreign patients than 0u> numbers in the community would justify. ' That is speaking of London only, because Ijio-TJot know whet the figures ? restingA&?Í^» provinces are. Thc work ...bojises end charitable institutipns tell a .imitar tate,in regard to the pauper depen- dents. More serious still arc thc facts relating to the criminal and the vicious. With a nutation off llvé ,per cent of thc total, agners have a.record ofsifourfcecn per cent pf eonviitions. Many- of th^fo. ¿hui convicted are f^led-^minaliifrom foreign countries, who have found ato asylum in England, lt only needs thc hriiuring out of facts like these to arouse public uidig natiou against a system which JB making langland the,dumping-ground for thc re- fuse of the rest of the world. It is all very-well to say thnt England owes her vitality, her virility, lier indus- trial development, her financial and com .jrtercial supremacy, arid many of the other great qualities which go to make this moat marvellous and most prospérons of nil na- tions to her old-time foreign immigration. lt is true' thai many of England's staple in- dustries ewe their origin to the alien Im- migrants and refugees af tho Danish), Huguenot, Lombardian, and other races, who found in England the political and in- dustrial freedom unobtainable in their own countries. But in those days every other country was an asylum for the persecuted man ' Who -had' to flee from his own country. Nowadays every country exer- cises its sovereign rights to exclude undesirables except England. If Eng- land could deport its poverty-stricken, it» diseased, and its vicious classes to the other countries of Europe, it would bc un offset io those of the panie classes that it gets fiom abroad ', but the reciprocity is .all on.one side. Not only every country in Europe, but thc United Stales of Ame- rica and even England's own self-go verni mr colonies in Canada, AuBtrnlia, and South Africa place limitations upon undesirable íu^uiícrration. England alone imposes no restriction*. Thc position, therefore, in nn entirely new one to that which existed when religious and political persecution ?trove hordes of poor, but strenuous, in- dustrious, and brainy refugees to seek sanctuary in England. Thc men and women of that class now find their way (o tho United States und Canada ; thc refuse wtàeji neither the United. States nov 'Cio*uiu will admit find their-woy ito tba East End of London. ('alinda, liv tim way, realises 8» a (logice which I couíd hope Australia Would emu- late, thc value of stimulating immigration lo an citent that recognised 'no limitation. (Inunda believes that if population pouiv-d In nt tho rate of ten time« thc number that ever came into the country before, it would bc riclier by the possession of more men and more energy, greater production, and increased employ- ment, and increased and mom varied industries. The Canadians be- lieve timi every desirable immigrant, KO far from increasing competition in the labour market, provide* moro labour for those already there. Every immigrant who lands in Canada in a consumen nf articles produced by Canadians. He wants a roam to sleep in, clothes tn wear, food ta eat, and tools to usc rn his occupation. Al- though he may lm a competitor ia the par- ticular linc in which he ia employed with those eif his craft already located in Cana- da, thc expenditure of his earnings gives employment lo the members oí every other craft but Iiis own. The bett organised, and probably the most expensive, department of Canadian Government -administration is the Immi- gration Department. It not emly has sn office in London, which is fully manned, and thronged doily by would-be immi- grants. Inn it has lecturers and amenta covering the whole of the United King- dom, and apennrcs in every part of tba Bni Kingdom. lt is a department which works in cordial co-operation with every steam- ship tine running to Canada, and with every Canadian railway company. It has also a- branch which, under the direction of the High Commissioner for Canada a**d the Superintendent for Immigration, keeps the press of England, Scotland, and Ire- land fully supplied with interesting and opportunely furbished information regard- ing Canadian affa-irs so far es they may interest English, Scottish, or Irish readers. During the past twelve months I have" hauj exceptional opportunities of «seing j tho inner working of London newspaper pffices, and nothing has impressed me more than tho contrast between the methods pursued by the Canadien High Commis- sioner's office and those of the Australian .Agents-Generals for keeping their inspec- tive countries before the public. Lot roe : take thc experience of one leading London ; morning newspaper as an illustration. Buring-last month the amount of contri- buted Information specially prepared for tho particular purposes of the flaper to which it was sent averaged throe-quarters of a column of thc Sydney "Daüy Tele- graph " per day. During the same period the total information furnished to the same papar fay the seven Agents-Goheral for Australasia was exactly equivalent to three-quarters of a column for the whole ¡ month. Of course, nothing like thc whole, of thc matter furnished by the Canadian : rHgh Commissioner ever " found its way into print, but a mere cursory examina-1 tión of the files of that newspaper willi show-that nearly twenty times SA much officially furnished Canadian information as Australasian officially furnished infor- mation is published. I have not the same intimate knowledge of the provincial press of England, but I believe the disparity Uiere is even, greater. Of course,,! fully recognise the fact that Canada has the advantage of speaking with one vdice for the whole of the pro- vinces that make up thc Dominion. If anything ever appears in the newspapers or anything is ever said by a public man derogatory to Canada's interest, the championship of Canada is at once as- sumed by tno Canadian High Commis- sioner. H asimilar situation arises in connection with Australia, na, for in- stance, in the case of the Wilson articles in the * Daily Mail," during the past week, there is no one person specifically charged with the responsibility of defending-as a whole thc seven colonies of Australasia, which-were attacked as a. whole. What 'is the business of seven Agents-General is the business of no one. Whoa Sir William Lyne was Premier of New South Wales, he appointed a Sydney journalist as an attache to llie Agent-General's office, todo thc -work which ife so well done by that branch of the Canadian office, to which I have-already referred. The'idea was a good one, but it failed in practical appli- cation. There is no scope for seven press contributors on behalf of seven colonies, with nfl aggregate population of five .mil- lions, as against OonadaU one press repre- sentative for a whole Dominion, with a population of seven 'millions,. The obvious solution of thc difficulty is thc appointment .of an Australian high commissioner. Such nh official, represen- tativo communicating with any English Minister, or ? member of Parliament, or with the editor of any English newspaper, would do so with the status of being thc representative of thc whole Common- wealth. His advent, bf course, would not bo welcomed by thc Agents-General, each of whom very naturally and very properly, is inclined to magnify the impórtanos of his own sectional.office. But while they may rafler by. being provincialised, Aus- tralia ns a whole would gain by being nationalised in the public estimation. If Australia has any desire to maintain its financial credit in. tho London market, if it has in view any scheme for the fédéralisa- tion nf its state debts, If lt wishes to en- large and improve its opportunities In the English market in thc way of wool, wine, meat, dairy, nnd other produce. It can best do so through one supreme central agency, - Each state may hove its own ngoney ns well, just aa onch nrovincc .in Canada lins its own agency. To the nvcr njre English investor, and to the average English importer of Australasian produce, there is practically no recognition of state territorial divisions. To most of them, Australia is a whole, and Australis's in- terests cnn bc liest served In this country by one who represents Australia as a whole. 