A RSSSIU IH3?£CT0a OF AGRICULTURE. VlàlTS TÍ1K RICHMOND RIVER. IIIS VIEWá ON MANVdUBJEOTS. ll*. NICHOLAS. Kücxorir, représentative of the itnsaLiu Ministry of A if ri oltnro ami lus^cr-oi a' Agricultui-, who is malting a tour of tbs .^uatrali luSut- s and N-vv Z-lLia l, with the tbject of inquiring into t m ul ith:i ls of <Uiry ¡ttg ami agriculture a» Conducted nut h;re, f >i eport to iii.-) dep.irtuie.ut. arrived in Lismore on ïurid ly aftfruoou. au 1 Uutumg that his »t-tv Aron ld b-f very brief, the M ijur an 1 Mr. T. Cr. dewitt. President of tho Ch inttwrnf Commerce, md on behalf of tho President: and Vicu-Presi cents of the Lismore Agriciiltar.il H.jciety, norn if whom could lia precut, called np >u the iHitor. Dr. Hornstein also edle 1, ami i-.everi »thor geutleinen during his stay here, am nu ihem Ot iug a. reprt's<..i.;;;ive of tho ".Star," ti viioiii, as well as t > other gentleman, Mr. Krukoff veryconrteou ly g iv« a good ilea! nt ia tirimitiou relative to his own laud ai well ai CJUntries ho had vUited. Tn« importation ul : Siberian butter into England h.« of ia'« b;«-n a i iipidlydevelopiug trade, andusa competitor witt [ Australia w« thought ita good op¡> .ramify ti i ibtaiu reliable iuforinatiou on u bi: <ject whic! 'viii un doubt be of interest to onr reuters. Ti cur rvunert, as we hive already »iit.ul, Mr, Krukoif v ry readily complied. It will ha ii j the recollection of our madera that we h iv. 1 jiubli-.hed extract-, fr"in Viclorian pipers, giviiij Ilia very outspoken and mit ¡itali cumplimentar; impression of agriculture as he «aw it carlie» on in Australia, and wo hud him just as read' : to criticise, and condemn where he thinks thvr ! U occasion to do si. Ile is a mun of lim physique,' has had a University education, in deed, in 1-tnxsia lt is necessary to be in pones sion of a diploma from a University to hold th position ho does, and UH has lind practical train mg ami experience in agriculture, and with al descriptions of stock likewise. He has tnivelle« t'irongli moat of Europe, Denmark, Germany France, Britain, and also Canada and Unitei States. He ls well real in social and political questions, and takes a keen interest in al ' that is passing in tho political world Ho stuned from Hussia on Daceuihar 1, leaving ; his wife and family at Cleaev.i, and on this tom i his first visit was to South Africa. Thence ht came to Western. Australia, landing at Fre ! luiu'Ie. Ile has since visited South Australia i Victoria, New Zealot. I, and this State, priuci Silly th'i South Coast, Coonil, Bourke ithnrst, and NewEuglaud district*), hence ht j has been travelling all tho time. J OUlt CATTI.K. Asked what he thought of the cattle in tin j Richmond Uiver district, Mr. Krukoil said thal as yet he had not seen in nc li of our cuttle. Hi hud spent a day at Kyogle Station, mid wan I shown- over hy Messrs. Campbell and M'Dongall j Ila saw some good Shorthorns and D avons foi j beef. As to tho dairying breeds he said, " I do not understand your crossing. Your farmer: I have no rules and are making a tiig mi.itaki the way they arc crossing. They have no breeds at all. On« crosses with Jursey, another with Shorthorns, another Devons with Shorthorns, : and -so on. In Russia we have special breeds, I our own native brewis. The farm.irs hir.i have no distinct ideas. E ich farmer must have nu idea, because to breed cattle itmwim to create ayouug population of cattle. What are yon I creating now, without any system or special ideas. Here they keep crossing and crossing, and re-crossing, and I can't undcrataud what the breeds are." j lt was explained to Mr. Krnkoff that the herds io this district were the Illawarra breed, which bas beeu bred np from the. dairy type. That tho people who settled hore 2~> years ag^ brought tho cattle from the South Const. Thev I are really tho English Shorthorns or Darhains, and farmers hero find they are about the best breed. The champion cow is a cross with the Ayrshire «nd Shorthorn. The majority of dairymen look at it from the utility point of ( view. Tba breed may he what ever you like if j it will give them the most pounds of butter in a WBek. UUStitAX COWS. " Howdo the cows in this conutry compare ' with those in Russia?" " lu our country there are. of conrss. good i and bid. But, generally ape iking, the cow 1 which gives 100 or /¡00 gallons a year is recog nised aa a very good paying cow. Four-liaudred Billions would be a good cow." Mr. Krnkoff was informed that the cows here give a lot more than that. " What would be a fair yield of butter for u week ?" "In oar country (Kassia) we have more fut in the milk-as mach a« -JJ per cent.-for it re quires 20 pounds of milk to one pound of hntter. lu Denmark 2« pounds of milk make one ponud of batter. They have a very large yield of milk, but it is not so rich in butter." j The Mayor informed Mr. Krnkoff that hund reds of cowa in this district gave seven pounds of bntter u week, and some as high as 15 or 10 pounds a week. Mr. Krnkoff said he did not think so urnny. So far as he could see here and in Victoria very few farmers kept a record of what each cow yields. The Mayor explained that siuce tbe State Farm waa established at Wollongbar, they adopted the system of weighing each cow's milk as soon ns taken. Some farmers have teen the benefit of this and they weigh the milk and even test it Then If this cow does uot como ap to the standard she is discarded. That showed the State Farm has done great good. I Mr. Krnkoff : That is the proper way. Mr. Krnk.viT wont on to say that in Southern Rnssia the principal cattle are native breeds. They are workers and very poor milkers. They are white and grey in colour, with big horns, mid are very good for work. They start work ing at three years and keep good np till 8 or 9 years of age, when they are fattened on the re fuse from the beet sugar and distilleries for the batcher. Killed, they average about 0001b, but many of them go 8001b *' Wbat breeds are they using lu Siberia to improve their dairy herds?" " We are commencing to import Danish cattle, a newly-created bretni, and others." A TAINT IN BUITISrt. The Mayr«r said, we had great difficulty i n patting oar batter in good condition on the British market There is a fangos growth on the edge of the batter when lt gets to England which hus deteriorated the article, and the price waa not a« good The batter leaves here ns good as contd be. Some time ago the N.8.VV. Creamery Coy. here were making good batter, and it suddenly started to get bad. The Coy. did not know the canse. I said to their manager I thought the fault lay in the water used for washing tue butter. He cleaned his filters «nd found tbe batter was better. I suggested to him that if he wanted good batter he mast have absolutely good water to «rash: the batter ia. I suggested boiling the water, and he did the next bret thing in pasteurising it. But the pastenriang does nol do away irita the vegetable matter It may dettroy all life, bat doe« not remove the ! substance. If it was distilled water it won Ul i be par«. I mentioned the matter to Mr. ; O'Callarfuin. oar Government dairy expert, bnt he only laugh"d at it. J. say that, in my opinion, ¡a the cnn»« why some of the batter front Australia ls bad- In the sommer our butter il bad, by reisou of what is contained in the waler Up Kosciusko way, aud in the cooler p«rts of Victoria, the batter is b-tterin the suaurer. I believe th» ennse is in the impure water we use. If we go to great trouble in purifying the cream, whynot purify the wat»rr Hnve vira any trouble in Kassia? Mr. Erskr/S Maid he agreed with all the Mayor said. They mid many troubles in Ru««*, The people are inclined to be dirty. We havs ectaMielied an institute of expert« in dairyinr, and now our pc »pl? obny. But your people «r« very different. I think yonr sugges- j ti on ta *ery right, and it must iv done. The purest rf water ts needed to have pare batter. | We htfvi pare water in our wells, spring water. Here, ei pea*tty rain, water, and in a semi- ? tropical climate, it is «u?ily contaminated by bacteria, Tbe water used for warning the butter nost be pasteurised, or, better still, baaed. GOVERNMENT ASSISTANX-E. '.The Bu*Jau Government ii assisting th dairying industry, is ic not?" the expert wa a-ked. .' Yes, ray Government has completed 70U mil's of railway from Vladivostok throng' Siberia, Irkutsk, Tom-!:, Om-'.;, ami on t ,Mu*:uv.', onr great centre. Tire carriage t baiter is made a speciality. From Wester Kib. ria to London che batter is carried at ou ruble VT pood, which means, in English mane] 2U pence for tl'i English pjauls weight, or equi to p.. tn. Itussiau. Tlie uict of onr batt* come« from the western part of Siberia. Th piiucip'd -shipping ports are L'baa, Riga, Kev« on the Ca: pian ail i Halt ic Seas, and St. Peter burg. Tho longest distance it is conveyed b laii is ÜÍKIO Englis.i indes. In «liai» we huv a large production of butter, and it is the! necessary tu rail it tu refrigerating cars." HOtSlXl! THE CATTLE. " lu that portion of Siberia how long are th cowa on pit-tare ?" '. Well, from May till October-rive month ; Tiley ure honked during winter, and in ttl resp's-t these districts have a bi.; advantage ov< Kussta in having a mild climate. They io housed daring the winter; not vor)' strim houses, but eiitticient to keep them from Havel snow drifts and cold winds." ; cONsir.tVATioN OF F.IMIRH. "Then in the conservation of fodder what i you rely ou r" .. IVimips'ly on natural hay cut in June au .Inly. Tin- indigenous grasses are very go:s Tney are like the Ne«r Zeal iud, timothy, ry cocksfoot, and different English grasses an clover. We have not til« Paspalum dilatatnu lu tile soi thorn part of Russia we gro lncerti but in the winter it perishes. (Mi Krukolï was asked if they had the Turkesta lucerne, and said he did nor. know of it, but may be there ¡iud tunned differently.) We ha* , some native grasses in Turkestan which stan well. Our favm-rs, iii summer, can pieiiai twice as milch feed ns you ilere. Kegardio ensilage, only in some estates do we go in f< it. We grow maize in the southern parts < Kassia, but we grow several plants qnil I unknown in Australia, but unite profitïib! I For instance, oil plants, sunflower, hemp. I'U J flax. Sunflower seed also makes a good porridg Wo have different varieties-larger seeds than yon have here. The yield of milk froi the cows is very poor in winter. The feed oats, bay, anil straw. We grow beet for sag: extensively, and it is also given to the cattle. I'KOliliESS OP Il.ltltYI.Nll. " Is dairying in Siberia developing rapidly?' " Very rapidly since the railway han bet' finished. No one expected there would bu snc I traille upon it. The railway was built cheap] with small stations, broad gauge, and light nd ' without fishplates. We had not sntliciet money to bun I a heavier line. As it is it coi S i millions. Our railway stations are unthin to be compared t:> yours. They are scarcel ! stations-sheds woiild ba the proper naiue 1 with little comforts. The engineering difflcu ties were gnat, for instance one bridge over th 1 Obi cost over one million sterling. Now thu tho tratiic ls f-o heavy we must put down heav rails. We ars constructing feeders tu the lim ' No one expected tile traffic would be so greul Our passenger rates are very low." " How ab mt pig raising and cheesemakiug? " Our farmers do not go in for pigs mach.bi the indus'ry is growiug. We do not go in fe cheese uiucii either. ' j LAND IN RUSSIA. , " How about the value of land in Russia? " I "lu Siberia we have mostly Gaveruuien land. The Government does not WÍBII to se : the land, but will leuse it for a certain timi j All peasauts going to Siberia receive land quit ! free of any charge. For instance, 100 familia would receive 10,000 acres or 20,000 acres. The can divide that, land among themselves, bn could not sell or mortgage it lu Europea: Russia there's private land, but iu Siberia ther are no private estates. All the laud belongs b the Government and they will only lease it." FUTURE oe cum WESTERN COUNTRY. " About our western country " Mr. Knikoi WHS asked. "Your Government must look very close! after water conservation and irrigation. Upo that depends, so fur ns I can see, the whol future, pf agriculture in the western parts. ] seems to me your Government could and shout do more than il is at present doing. I am toi they have done practically nothing ns yet." "lint this western country has never bee looked upon as suitable for agriculture." " Bat sheep and stock raising and fruit grow ing nil belong to agriculture,becnase sheep can' exist without grass. See what'tho English Ga veinineut has done for Egypt. You have go« country in tlie interior, it only requires to b irrigated. The policy of your Goverumen seems to be to build exp'ndve buildings in Syd ney. as, for instance, Sydney "Railway Station I could travel just ns well if you had a mad less costly building lu Russia we don't buih useless expensive buildings. If the agricultura portion of your State is poor Sydney will b poor too ; if the conntry is prosperous Sydney will be prosperotn. Everythim depeuds npon water. Your Goveru ment must undertake to improve the line of its policy. Firstly they must take care b Erovide water by sinking artesian wella, b; milling weirs, and to make special attempts ti conserve all surplus water. Secondly, yoi shonldget rid of all your eucalyptus trees. The; absorb nil the moisture from the soil. I wonli recommend that you replant as much as possiblt of the laud now under encalyptns by other tree which give more shade for cattle and at thi same time do not exhaust the supply of moisture The eucalyptus always produces dryness of the soil. The Western Australian farmers mad< experiments and proved thia. When the laue was covered by eucalyptus and other timben and grass trees it was qnile dry without anj gra.-s, but ic was very fertile land. It waa verj difficult to clear the lund, but ns soon as it wai cleared and brought under cultivation nftei some years, water came under ground. I my self sa iv one farmer in ike a hole in the ground six feet deep nud I saw two feet of water come in it in a a o t time. The w.iier was never there before, bat in the second year splendid grapes were grown on the land, and the plants did not require so much rain." The Mayor remarked that this had also been proved in this district. He knew shallow creeks when the scrub was up, and many with na water in them. But when the scrnb waa felled they had been permanent creeks. "Only the eucalyptus seems to exhaust the moisture from the soil," Mr. Krnkoff went on. "But it seems to me that a great many things could be done here for the benefit of agricul ture. lu Barossa, South Australia, I saw a greut enterprise. Several hundred farms were being anpplied with water by means of a pipe, i Of course this requires capital, bat it would be more justifiable «nd useful such expenditure than to build useless buildings-quite useless buildings that are not for the benefit of the majority of the jejple. And as to storing the water, I remarked the second day of my arrival at Bourke, when half an inch of rain fell, that much of the water immediately ran of!. Could yon not do something to keep that water instead of allowing it flow away to waste?" Mr. Krukiff Faid that lie visir erl Peera Bore farm, near Bourke, and I here saw oranges grnv iug well. Peaches Wonld uot grow well. Jlr. (J ii. Gui mau. now manager of Wollongbar State farm, was at one lime in charge of mat experimental station. They have half un acre of lucerne growing w-tl, bnt after the second year it dies, ns deposits . f minerals get on the roots. Tiiere wa* an ex;ess of magnesium and pbo-¡ horus acid which poisons it Stül they might be able to mid something to the water which wodld neutr-ili-ie ihr» mineral, but the process woaid be expensive. Analyces of the water were made for this purpos- at different times, but nothing further was done When opeued the bore had a flow of 000,000 gallons per day now lt has only 120,000, caused through the mineral settling on the iron casing stopping the full flow of the water. WATER SUI*PLY IN RUSSIA. "How do yon manage for water in Russia?" Mr. Kinkell was a-ked. .?Well, in the southern part of Russia, about the j Baltic and Caspian Seas,.the country ia very dry. But we have art^siau wells with plenty of good | water, quite fresh and cold. Besides we are | building several dykes-I think yon call them dams hera-to keep in the water after the auow commences to melt when the Spring comes. The Mayor remarked, '. Between. Dubbo andi Bourke, for instance, the Government could build dams or dykes. auJ let the warer ran ia. The water tims stored would last a good time." Mr. Krnkoff: .'It wool 1 be better to put tha unemployed at. this work tbau augured on other useless work. But yonr unemployed seem to prefer to be in Sydney " I A31EIÍICA V. A17STÎÎ ALIA. I The. Mayor: " We in Australia are at a great ; disadvantage asido of America itt not having i huge mountain ranges for t'u watershed of the. i country." ' Mr. Krnkoff said, .' N'ot at all. Around Salfc ¡ Like City, ia Utah, the century waa ; like a de»ert, now it is very prospérons. I America was mach better off than Aua j tralU in some resp cts. tille never borrow ! ed from Europe, but raised the ninney from her i own people. Tiley never built useless building!* ; or a-eless railways. And ail thu building they did was from the revenue-not from borrowed money." HÜSSIA'S RAILWAYS. j "Your Government is building railways" ' largely," Mr. Krukoif w isask-il. I .? Oil, yes, iu HLberri. We get the money from our own people, bv issuiug paper, and from Imperial reut. Australia borrows from the English people. That is a mistake. Why I don't, you borrow from your owi people Ï" WOMEN'S FHANCIIMK. I " You made a grave uii'iako in this country I in giving u vote to thu women. Thar is a great" mistake. They have no property and no tiled place, and they wont vote properly. Only people snch as farmers awl people of a certain social condition should have a vote. You must change it " The Mayor: "No, it will never be changed." " Why ?" " Because they are in power and if anyone) attempted to change it they would n it stand it. It bas come to sta}-. No doubt there will be a lot of huire blunders made, hut it will right itself in the end." Mr. Krnkoff : '. You made a mistake in giv ing one mau one vote, and including uneducat ed people. There should be some qualification as in the United States." The Mayor : '. But the people will soon nil be educated. Oue mau one vote will come about in England." Mr. Krukoff: " It will never be. Another thiug Australia, like Russia, should demand » University diploma before a man could become, a Minister of the Crown." AU.STJtAI.IAN I'llEIIIT. Mr. KmknlT nxid he had recently had a con ference with the leading Bank malingers of Lon don, who said, they had no confidence in the Australian Governments, composed of shoe makers, carpenters, etc This china of politician had not sufficient financial knowledge. The credit of Australia was not good." It was pointed mit by the Mayor that this was due more to the past seven yeats' drought, which had caused a depression in everything. But Mr. Krukoff still affirmed that th« outside, world was losing confidence in the Australia» Governments. TUE ISlMIdltATION RESTRICTION HILb. Speaking of Federation, Mr. Ki nkpff referred to the " Hatters farce " nud to the «tupid laws against immigration. "Why," he said, " nil Europe knows ir, ¡md it has ere,lied a bad impression. Look at America. Until five years ago she made welcome all the industrial popu lation of Europe. She put no obstacles in theùr way. And now she has 72 millions of people Of course, Chinese, are different- But why not let them como to, say Port Darwin. No ona can work there but the Cliineso. .Make boun daries such as a lino of latitude. Tiley conld produce coffee, the same ns in Ceylon. No whiter people can work there : then why not allow them land there ?" " But wo like sen boundaries, we are afraid of territorial boundaries " " But yon could do the same as the nat ions of Eurolie do. The Chinese would be of great service to yon here. You need int give them u vote; they wonld be satisfied without it." On beitig informed that a Chinaman in Syd ney was putting up for Parliament, Mr. Krukoff said he did not believe it. TUE FUTUKE OF CHINA. Asked as to the future of China, Mr. KrukofT shook his head. The Chinuso had no idea of patriotism, there waa no unity among them, no established religion, and as a Power China could not exist. The Chinese had no knowledge of anything national. She had no state langnage. The south conld not nnderstand the language of the north, except by the same bieroglipuicsv The Chinese Empire never existed, except on the maps of Europe. He did not think China would be divided. The nations were watching each other, and Europe will pay China's debt«. Concluding, Mr. Krakoll Thanked us for statistics we supplied to him as to the number of dairy cattlo and pigs in the district, dairy produce exported, with its value, etc., etc He» intended seeming typical pictures of onr cattle to take away wi Mi bim. As Mr Krnkoff s tim» was limited, having to visit Queensland, the K-->yal Society's Show, Sydney, and leave for Europe on 18th instant, he was compelled to leave ou Monday. Being desirous of visiting the Wollongbar State Farm, the Mayor »nd Mr. T. G. Hewitt, on behalf of the Lismore Agricultural Society, arranged to take the visitor out early on Monday, and were accompanied bi' Mr. A. H. Rooke. It wusa. pleasant, cool day, and the drive an enjoyable» one, tho only source of regret being that tho clondfl prevented a distaut view of the couutry. The visitor was very mnch interested in thf* country traversed, with its settlement, aud hav ing previously beiug shown a lithograph of County lions, with its close settlement, he had an opportunity of seeing a friuge of the home steads and the clearings. Arriving at Wollong bar Mr. Krukoif was shown over the» farm by the manager. Mr. C. H. Gorman, and inspected the dairy stock, the crops', & ., making many inijtiiries and at same time imparting in formation, giving his impressions. «Sic. Soma reference to the latter will be published on Sat urday. Mr. Krukoff went on to Byron Bay on Monday, where he would inspect the Byron Bay factory. HEAVY KAINS IN QUEENSLAND,- 0Í¡ INCHIES AT MOUNT GAIINET.-The following were tho principal rainfalls in Queensland for the 2-1 noars ending U a.m. ou Friday :-Bloomsbury .133 points. Clare 100, Herberton 572, Mount Garnet651, Woodstock497, Geraldton 17inches? (in four days). Floods ave expected at Towna-; ville. The latter town reports that a train for Charters Towers waa stuck up at Woodstock owing to the water being 5ft over the Reid River Bridge at Cluden, tho water was Sft over the rails and about a foot over the rails ia many placen along the line. In Townsville tb» water is 4ft. over the causeway connecting: Flinders-street West with Hermit Park. Tho Bowen Chamber of Commerce has passed s resolution requesting toe Commonwealth to provide increased facilities for the transmission of meteorological data and storm warnings for North Queensland during January, February, j and March. Geraldton reports that the John I stone river is in BoM. * The rainfall for the past four days was 14 iochw 29 points, and the total to date «ince the beginning of the wet season ist nearly 103 inches. S'ili raining heavily. Ad 1 vices from Palmerville state that the river reached the highest mark yet recorded. A line» i repairer from Iuubam, flood- bumd between j two rivers, was carried a^ay with his horse by ! the waters, ban sacoeetlürt in »ivbjg himself. At ', Lucinda Point a gate was blowing so fiercely I that steamers ¡roii.<í at fn'l speed were unablo ! to make any headway. The sea in Cleveland i Bay wiis heavier than it has been for years, i Waves brokrt clean over the eastern breakwater, i At Cairns 5 iin-herf of rain fell on Wednesday i night ami wa« accompanied by half a gale. The I Mulgrave river is 15f tabove tb«- ttamway bridge; the Barron Uiver has risen 23ft THE TICK PIKT.-Reports are b-iug received of further advances by the ticks to places within the quarantine are« where they were never known bofore. It I» estimat-d that they aro now within a mile of the N. 3. Wales border, near Currumbiu Creek.-Brisbane "Courier." Come and inspect our lovely undershirts, corsets, baby linen, and underclothing speciali ties at Miss Sullivan's.* - - i Mrs Lee's Boarding- house in Keen -street has very convenisoce. Telephone 104. 