Km in Brief. The estate of the*Ute Sir F. T. Sargood ban been valued at £690(000. Mr. J. C. Cribb, Uli.., espressos this belief that tho coal output of Queensland will-be trebled in the next five years. During the past month more than 200 tons of seed barley have been sold by a Brisbane firm to formers; also, 800 bushels oEseed oats in a week. A clerk at Auckland has confessed to falsifying his employer's books and setting fire to the offices to destroy evidence. The deficiency amounts to several thousands of pounds. No member of tiio legal profession can immigrate into the Transvaal and com mence practice there unless he has been practicing the profession previously for seven years elsewhere- This , is hard on young Queensland lawyers. The-Canadian mail steamer Aorangi ar rived in Brisbane on Tuesday with a large { curgofor Brisbanoe, the principal Jines boing j 2288 frozen hogs and 3560 sacks flour. j According to tho latest, statistics tho number of Masonic lodges iu the world is HI,1-188, with 23,000,000. In connection -with the present visit of the Gorman Emperor to the Danish Court, newBfrom Copenhagen states that the walls there have been placarded with notices warning the Kaiser not to como,and some of the placards threaten "death to the tyrant." In 827 Winchester, and not London, was proclaimed to bo toe capital of England, and so it remained for two centuries. The Sandgate church owed the late Canon MfttthewB £180 arrears of stipend when he died. This, has not yet been paid to the widow. , There stilt stands a dead gum tree under which the chaplain of the Collins expedition (over 100 years ago) preached -the first sermon in Tasmania. Dir. Caldwell, who represents several large British companies who are interested in the copper fields in Queensland, has informed the Government that the company he re Sresents is prepared to build a railway from ormanton to Cloncurry, in tho event of the company which at present holds the right to construct tho railway fails to do so. The population of Fromantlois estimated at 27,000, or an increase of 50 par cont in four years. The result of the Itoid Customs ease should make Chutes Powers' appointment as ComtnonweaRb Crown Solicitor a certainly, Uy-the way.Hoiiiuar or Morris is likoly tp hp Mppoinfcod to succeed him in tho State Crown Solicitor's office. The Toowoomba Town Council has legal opinion that it is wiser that owners of properties should be sued for sanitary rates instead of occupiers, but it is optional with the Council whom they proceed against, but failing against the occupier, the property 1 is still liable ; therefore, owners will study I their interests by seeing that tenants pay | the sanitary rates. A swagman hanged himself from a tree uoar Truro on Thursday. On a bIoiio near by were scratched the words " Tired of life," and cut in tbo ground between two stones were the samo words with the addition of " William Butler, Melbourne." A Queensland tourist while travelling between Paris and Geneva was arrested while taking snapshots of beautiful scenery. He was arrested as a spy taking tbe lay of the country, but was released by the guard when explanations were made. In 300 yeare tbo British navy has grown from forty-two vessels of 17,000 tons to 373 of 680,000 tons. In December last there were no fewer than £200 children being fed and clothed in Dr. Barnardo's London homos for national waifs. There are 13 lawyers in the Now South Wales Legislative Assembly-two on the Government side, two amongst the Labour 1 party, and nine on the Opposition benches. i At the time tbe late General Sir Hector Macdonald was married he was a non-com missioned officer, having held the rank of sergeant in the Gordon Highlanders. A net profit of £01'J was realised out of the St. Patrick's Day gathering which was held in Sydney. The national purse which has been pre sented to the Right Hon. B. J. Soddon, Prime Minister of New Zealand, amounts to about £3000. The address accompanying tbe gift bears twenty thousand signatures. The drink bill of Now Zealand for 1902 was £2,953,298, an increase of £30,000 over the previous year. An infernal machine which bad been placed on a bridge near Adri&nople;, in Tur key, exploded after the Orient train had passed over the structure. Tbe machine was intended to wreck the train, and the delayed explosion was due to its defective mechanism. The fevor epidemic at Coonamble is prac tically over, although isolated cases are being reported, Patients are being dis charged from tbe hospital nearly every day. The committee of tbe Bockbampton School of Arts have introduced a billiard table into the institution, and the innova tion has had the effect of largely adding to the members' roll. The N.8. Wales Government have so far distributed 100,000 bushels of seed wheat. The country between Glen lanes and Graf tyu is looking magnificent, and there has not been such an abundance of pasture for the past 25 years as there is now. There is every indication that the State of Queensland will recover quicker than any other State in the Commonwealth from the drought, aB well as financially, Tbo Stato revenue returns for N.S. Wales during the last quarter show a decrease, of £47,002, and thnso for South Australia an increase of £30,000. The total number of electors on tho New South Wales rolls is 589,393, comprising 300,315 males and 286,068 females, Mr. Harcourt Giddon's system or code of forcasting rain and floods in this State came out all right last month. A drover with a mob of sheep lost 160 sear Tooloona station through eating f usohiabush. No representatives of tho army were pre sent at the funeral of Sir Hector Macdouald, nor was the Oity Corporation of Edinburgh represented. The railway stock to the value of £20,000, belonging to the New South Woles Govern ment, which was on board the stranded vessel Kingal, in the Mersey, has been sal-' vaged. A number of blacks are reported to be dying at Capo York from fever. Medicine and nourishment have been sent up. A movement has been started to erect a memorial to Sir Hector Macdonald at Ding wall, his birthplace. A mother and her five children have mysteriously disappeared from tliotr home at Richmond, near Melbourne. Two months elapsed before tbe matter was reported to the police, whose efforts to find them has so far provedf utile. In the published list of male and female voters in gome of the western electorates there is a remarkably small number of fe males compared witnmales. Sir Hector Macdonald was born in 1853. After a little schooling, he was sent to work at a draper's shop in Inverness, where he re mained until 1670, when be exchanged the yard-stick for the rifle byioinips' the 92nd Kegiment, now the 2nd Battalion of the Gordon Highlanders. 1 A fire occurred in Pittsworth on Tuesday night, resulting in the destruction of four important business premises. The loss is; estimated at £2500. It opp&rs; that in consequence of a brawl in the military barracks at Pretoria, a cor poral in the Leinster Hegiment was ordered to tbe guard-room. Twenty-two of his I comrades thereupon fetched their rifles, and attempted to resoue him. They fired upon the party which was ordered to arrest them, and wounded eighteen. Steps are being taken by the Federal Go vernment in connection with the coinage'of silver in Australia. The Cabinet will shortly consider the matter. The largest head in the world is said to be owned by an American. George Jennings, of Colorado, has one 82in. in circumference. He has sold it to tbe modical society of hiB. town for ityMOdollars-h. third down, and tho rest to be paid to bis family at decease. A tree supposed to bo the loruost in tho world has been discovered in California. It is 350ft. high, and SI ft. in diameter Gft. from the ground. It is suggested that the tree was growing when the cedars of Lebanon I were felled for SOIqtoob'B Temple. During March Goondiwindi bad 5.90ine, of rain. Some of the district stations had over 0 inohes. " Serious floods havet>cqurred in the Little River and tbe Canterbury Valley, New Zealand, has been flooded. Some residents had to be taken to places of safety by boat,i 1 and stock have been saved only with much difficulty. Toting Frank Warrington, son of Mr. J. Warringfcont TJnandorra (N.S.W.) has put up a record in school attendances. Starting at the age of six years he has been a regular attendant for over eight years, not missing one day. It isquestioned if such a perform ance has been equalled in Australia. MK V. J. B. Lesina, M.L.A. for Cler mont, informed bis constituents last week that ho intends retiring from political life after the close of tbe present Parliament. Glyccrino has the proporty, extraordinary among liquids, of not evaporating. A Sydney labourer when working on u building iuis woek. received a fractured Bpine caused by 4 cwt. of brick falling on him. Mr. J. It. Woods, niombor for Woolhn- j kula, says that there are 1HIM unomployud ' in Brisbane drawing the Government sus toimuco of 5s per weok. It is reportod that 30 largo magazines for the storage of corn have been erected in tbe wheat-growing centres of Gormany at a cost of £600,000. " These magazines are in tended to render the farmers independent of Ui8 fluctuations of tbe grain market. Tbo Government are advancing tbe money for tbe construction of tbe magazines, taking a lien on tbe corn crop as security. Beccntly an advertisment appoared in a Mackay paper offering tho whole of the cosily Sc&forth; repurchased land under occupation liconso at the sum o£ £'20 per annum, without mooting with any response from the public. West Australia is leading the way in the matter of reform of the civil service. Taking the districts outside the capital, tho aboli tion of offices will moan a saving of £40,000 a year. Salaries are not decreased, but officers have to go. Tho Burrawong orchard and oannery, near Molong, which has cost £50,000 to equip, has been'abandoned in consequenoe of climatic and other difficulties. During a violent thunderstorm which broke over Melbourne on Saturday after noon, a child was carried along to a large drain pipe leading to the sea, and disap peared, the distracted mother being an eye witness. Ipswich gave an entertainment this week in aid of the TownBviile relief fund. The amount realised was £18 Is 9d. All the mail services in Queensland, which wore interfered with by the drought, have now boon .resumed but one-that between Goondiwindi and Muugindi. This latter service will be resumed this month. The ship Gienui has just brought 47,290 Backs of wheat to Sydney; and tho Eden more brought &750 socks, 19,150 half-sacks, 13,800 quarters, and 41,400 eights of flour, also equal to 4400 sacks of flour for New castle. The Froncb arc anticipating Ring Ed ward's visit to Franco with much earnest ness, Tho announcement of the intended visit of the King and Queen to Ireland in July or August next has arouBed great enthu siasm. . , A tract of 300,000 acres in Michigan bas been purchased by Finns for settling emit grants. A combine, with a capital of £10,000,000, comprising nearly 1000 furniture manufac turing firms, has bean formed in New York. The reform manifesto recently issued by the Czar is stated to have relieved the Bus sian peasants of arrears of taxation to the amount of £11,500,000. "There was no gun-carriage sent by the War Office for the conveyance of the late General's remains in London, owing to the , family having informed the authorities that the journey was intended to be striotly ' private. | Her Majesty the Queen has donated | £1000 to tbp London Hggpital. | The old Local Government Act died on i Tuesday last, and the new Act came into force .next day. The harvest returns for Sooth. Canter bury, N. Z., promise to, be exceptions]]? good, oats yielding sixty to 100 bushels, and wheat thirty-five to sixty bushels to the acre. The labour situation ia America is be coming more grave daily, and strikes are threatened in every part of the United States. The chief cause of the present labour disputes is the employment of non union men and boys. Count Beventlow, speaking at Berlin in reply to Admiral Dewey's recent strictures on the German navy, declared that the American naval manoeuvres showed im maturity and bad shooting, and the morale and personnel of the American navy were very low. The new Local Government Act makes the transfer of cemeteries to .the local au thorities permissive. Lady Henry Gordon Lennox, who died recently, was the possessor of a valuable collection of j ewellery estimated to be worth upwards of £100,009. She bequeathed a costly ring to Queen Alexandra. There are in tho British Army and navy 36,630 men belonging to the Wesleyan Church. Turley and Givens, two ex-members of the Labour party, are mentioned as Labour senatorial candidates to run with Stewart, the retiring Labour Senator. King Edward will pay a visit to tiie Pope when in Italy at the end of this month. The property and income tax in Great Britain for the financial'year just dosed yielded 38 millions. A monster mushroom has been grown near Toowoomba. It was quite a foot across. : Under a new postal regulation, envelopes 1 embossed with a penny stamp will shortly - be purchasable every, post office in the I Commonwealth. . Thestoring tanks belonging to the Stand ard Oil and other companies at Calcutta have been destroyed by fire. The loss is estunatedaUi&khsof; rupeos(about £26,000), A Chinaman at Toowoomba has been com mitted for trial on a charge of unlawfully killing Jas.Paton by rpnningover him with his sprintfeart. - In Tasmania the. hop-picking .season has ended. The average yield, has been about 1 lewt. to the acre, But in one instance it was 40c wt. f. The Burdekin delta maize crop is now coming in, and in a few weeks 1000 tons will be harvested. The temperatures in Sydney during February and March were higher than for the corresponding months during the past 45 years. The Victorian potato crop is going to be a largo one. 47,513 acres are under tubers and 7915 acres dug have yielded an average of 322 tons per acre. Tasmania has alito a i largo crop of potatoes, and thore is every. ' hope of their being cheap in the winter. The latest Northern -political rumour is that Mr. A. S. Cowley, M.L.A., and not Ll. Col. Tunbridge, will contest tbe Herbert Federal electorate against Mr. Bamford, M.H.B. One million feet of stringy bark sleepers for the English railways were taken by a vessel from Hobart last week. There are 360 more females on the Mary-. borough Federal roll than males; and in South Brisbane 800females mora than males. It IB stated that sympathisers with tho latefiir Hector Hacdonald in Paris are pre pared to spend £10,000, if necessary, in order to vindicate his memory. A plague of diminutive caterpillars is eating off tbe grass and all green crops in the neighbourhood of Molong, N.SAV. The heaviest bishop in the world is said to be Bishop Torregiani, of Australia. He weighs 21st. The goldfiolds of Western Australia are the largest known. They cover 324,400 square miles. King Edward was rocoived at Lisbon on a visit to the King of Portugal with im mense popular enthusiasm. The House of Commons of tho Dominion of Canada has voted in favour of u resolu tion to prohibit the manufacture, sale, or importation of cigarottes. The Kaiser, dosjrite all tho rumours to the contrary, was received in a very friendly wanner on his arrival in Copenhagen. Some rioting has occurred in Salamanca, in Spain. The students of the Univorsity stoned the gendanneB, and tho latter fired several volleys, killing three of the rioters. Great preparations are being made in Borne for the reception of King Edward, who wtll arrive on the 27(,h April. During last yuar stock in N. 8. Wales decreased by 13,742,000 sheep. 312,000 cattle, 37,800 horses. 