THE FOREIGN SITUATION. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, June 5, 1903. THE GREAT EASTERN QUESTION. The Morning Post's correspondent, who has been by. rail through Macedonia, where he has stayed at some of the chief places, and has also been studying the problem in a Bulgaria, is by no means optimistic concerning the chances of peace in the Near East The one hopeful factor is the attitude of Russia. After doing her utmost to set Turkey and Bulgaria by the ears over Macedonia, Russia, having a big enterprise on hand in Manchuria, has developed an overwhelming desire for peace in Europe. Accordingly Bulgaria is ordered to restrain her order on behalf of the Macedonians,' and is explicitly' warned that she will be left to bear the brunt of any war she may provoke with Turkey, and that any outside help which may be forthcoming will go rather to Turkey than to Bulgaria. The Bulgarians, indignant at this treachery on behalf of their self-constituted "Protector," have themselves tried the effect of a change of front, and to be on good terms with the Sultan is now the one aim of the Petroff Government. With this object in. Natcho watch and M. Gueshoif are negotiating in Constantinople, their immediate purpose in which they have already achieved some measure of success being to secure the release of the principal Bulgarian residents of Salonica, who are falsely accused of com- plicity in the recent explosion of bombs. But what Bulgarian statesmen are unable to do is to secure the exercise of some re- straint on the excesses of the Turkish troops in Macedonia, who are treating the whole of the Bulgarian population as rebels, with the result of driving thousands into TSe revolutionary movement who would otherwise have kept out of it. Meanwhile the Powers are sitting still; and the re- forms which the Sultan undertook to introduce are as remote as they ever were The Post's correspondent suggests, as a solu- tion, the demarcation of Macedonia into districts, according to the races, Bulgarian, Servian, Greek, or Turk, who may inhabit them, and the appointment for each district of a governor of the race there in the majority, and the encouragement of minorities to migrate into the areas where their kin constitute the majority. He admits, however, that it is not a plan which the Sultan could be induced to accept, and as the same objection applies to every peaceful solution, it is increasingly difficult to see how war between Bulgaria and Turkey can be avoided. GERMANY AND DENMARK. From recent rumors it would seem that it was not out of mere courtesy to the King of Denmark that the German Emperor lately paid his first visit to Copenhagen. According to one. account he was in hopes of meeting there the Duke of Cumberland, and thus secure an opportunity of putting an end to the present anomalous state of things in Hanover, even at the cost of offering his son as husband for one of the duke's daughters. But the duke is evidently in no hurry to come to terms with the Kaiser, or to see his daughter a Crown Princess, for along with the duchess and his family he hurriedly quitted the Danish capital the moment he heard the Kaiser was to be there. Another rumor states that the Kaiser had some notion that Denmark might join the Franco Russian alliance, and" was anxious to prevent the step.- Not that Denmark is of much account as an ally, but what Ger- many fears is that in any war against her use may be made of Danish territory as a base of operations. It is an open secret that the Kaiser would if he could annex Denmark off-hand, but that is a proceeding to which the Dual Alliance would have not a little to say. Hence the Kaiser, in his overtures to King Christian, is restricted to cajolery, which is not likely to be effective since the Danes are never likely to forget that it was Germany that robbed them of Schleswig-Holstein. Nor do they overlook the oppression of the luckless Danes in the conquered provinces, which is as patent to-day as it ever was notwithstanding the attempted intercession on their behalf of the Dowager Empress of Russia, daughter of the Danish King. It was partly indeed to conciliate that lady, according to still another account, that the Kaiser went to Copenhagen, knowing, as he did, that her Majesty would be there at the time. Whatever may be said with regard to these rumors, there is no doubt as to the predominant feeling in Berlin. It is that the Kaiser has no right to embark on political adventures on his own account, without consulting his Ministers. Count von Bulow, it is complained, is the mere private secretary of his Imperial master; and it is remembered that Bismarck always took Parliament into his confidence, even though he might have shown scant deference to its opinion. THE FRENCH IN MOROCCO. The dispatch of three mobile columns from the French ports in South Oran to Figuig is officially described as a police operation, and not an expedition." It does not therefore indicate the existence of a state of war between France and Morocco." But the point is that Figuig is in Moorish territory; it was acknowledged to be under the dominion of the Sultan in the treaty which Napoleon III. negotiated with the then Sultan of Morocco as far back as 1845, and its dependence on Morocco was read knowledged by M. Delcasse in the Franco Moroccan agreement concluded in April of last year. Although the intention is re- pudiated by the French Premier, there can hardly be a doubt that the annexation of Figuig is contemplated, and if so it can only be looked upon as the first step in a resolute and well-planned forward movement. The terminus of the Algerian railway is but 20 miles from Figure, and for some time it has been choked up with ammunition and military stores of all kinds, while there are advanced military posts for some hundred miles # westward. With France desperately active it is hardly wonderful that both the Sultan of Morocco and the Sultan of Turkey should be anxious, for since it seems plain that France, notwithstanding disclaimers, is resolved to possess the whole of the ancient states of Barbary, it appears more than ever likely that she must buy off the ill-will of Italy by according that country a free hand with Tripoli, and must placate England by guarantees that her-position in Gibraltar and the Mediterranean generally shall be unaffected, and such guarantees must include the recognition of a British Protectorate over Tangier. The Morocco question is not unlikely to be among the subjects discussed between M. Delcasse and Lord Lansdowne on the occasion of President Loubet visit to London. AUSTRO-HUNGARIAN DIFFICULTIES. The struggle of the nationalities An Aus- tria-Hungary does not flag in bitterness or intensity. The opposition of the nationa- lists in Hungary to the measure for increasing the efficiency of the Australian garian army by raising the Hungarian contribution continues, and is not the least significant among the signs of that dis- ruption of the dual monarchy, which the death of Francis Joseph is only too likely to signalise. U the Hungarians were not intent on separation it would be difficult to account for their attitude, for of the two parties to the monarchy, Hungary is undoubtedly the more favorably treated. The population of the Austrian provinces, as compared with that of the Hungarian provinces, is as four to three, and the disparity in point of wealth is greater. Nevertheless Hungary has her place in the alliance on precisely equal terms with Austria; she is equally represented in the delegations; she counts for at least as much in the foreign policy. Still Hungary is not contented,' and every obstacle' is being thrown in the way of the Government in their attempt to adjust the military burdens of the two halves of the Monarchy on something like a fair basis By what is something like a stroke of irony, the Magyars of Hungary, while in the position of a refractory party, are themselves attacked by a rebellious element in the Croats, whose country occupies a semi independent position on the Hungarian state. * Croatia has a little Parliament of its own at Agram, a separate budget, and certain independent Ministers. It is represented in the Hungarian Parliament by 40 members. The financial agreement is most favorable to the Croats, who have nothing to complain of in the provision made for education, justice, police, &c.; But the Croats are as jealous of the Magyars as the Magyars of the Germans, and they have taken violent umbrage at the arrangement by which some decades ago, when they were less educated as a people, their Civil Service was filled by Hungarians They now consider themselves fit for holding administrative posts in their own country, and differences on this point have produced a savage antagonism between themselves and the Magyars. As the latter are clamoring for an independent Hungary, so the Croats are yearning for a great Croatia, which shall consist of the Slav provinces of Austria-Hungary, together with Bosnia, and perhaps Senna. AMERICAN INTERESTS. The President and Senate in America do not get on." Mr. Roosevelt is specially called at the amount of "hanging up" for which the Senate is responsible. Among measures awaiting the Senate's consideration are Bills for the re- organising of the army and of the militia, to the Bill amend the reduction of the tariff duty on Philippine imports. As regards the immigration Bill, the Senate has been definitely requested to postpone action by a resolution of the executive committee of the National Ger- man-American Alliance. Germans, however, have very little to fear from the Bill, which is designed to keep out illiterates below a certain standard. For it was found in 1901 that immigrants from Germany had an illiteracy of only 4.1 per cent. Nor is the test so rigorous as to ex- clude all in the illiterate class. A reading condition is provided for persons over 15, but "an admissible immigrant or a person now in or hereafter admitted to this country may bring in or send for his wife, his children under 18 years of age, his parents or grandparents over 50 years of age, if they are otherwise admissible, whether they are so able to read' or not. The races aimed at, in fact, are those of the south and east of Europe, who in these days constitute about 70 per cent, of the total immigration. Russians and the il- late rates of Austria-Hungary keep up their great immigration, and these, with the Italians, are the people who would be barred in large numbers under the Bill. Among the southern Italians nearly 60 per cent, are illiterate, so that the Bill would affect them very seriously. President Roosevelt has been speaking in the West on the interests of the Pacific coast. He said the other day, "The events of the Spanish war show that the United States has to be the dominant Power on the Pacific Ocean." At another place, he said, "This is the State, that in the future is destined to assert the dominance of this great nation in the Pacific Ocean." These words were spoken at Seattle, and the State referred to was Washington. The port of Seattle is recognised as one of the most important, if not the most important, of those in the possession of the United States upon this coast. All its conditions are such as to ensure for it a great future in connection with the Pacific trade. Nor must it be forgotten that, as pointed out by the Daily News 'correspondent, the long stretch of ocean which separates the United States from the centre of trading activities in the Pacific is to some extent counterbalanced by the valuable nature of some of the American possessions in the coveted region. To the United States belongs the. Island of Guam, which lies in a direct line from San Francisco to the southern part of the Philippines." Again, the Island of Tutuila, another American possession, is said to have the most valuable island harbor in the South Pacific; while the commercial and strategical position of the Hawaiian group is no doubt very great. With these important naval stations in the possession of the country, with the Alaska boundary question settled (as Americans assume that it will be settled in a manner favorable to the United States; with the Panama Canal completed and owned by the national Government, the states on the Pacific coast are certain, whether the country "dominates" the Pacific or not to witness an enormous development of prosperity and power in the course of comparatively few years. 