Affairs in Japan. MR. E. W. COLE KTERViEWEl). Fresh from inter» t;nvs wit'i the Marquis llo, fioin valedictory dinners with Baron Kodama, Viscount Saga, Messrs Sakatani Ukichi anu other leading Japanese citizens, Mr. E. W. Cole arrived in Melbourne on Monday after a nine months vour of Japan and the eastern islands. Mr Cole, who was accompanied by his wife and daughter, explains that he travelled with " humanitarian intentions," or to eollcct evidence m connection with the question oi a "white Australia." Nevertheless, his observations on matters of general concern are very interesting. " There is a strong feeling against Russia in Japan," says Mr. Co.c. "Russian advances in Manchuria are the subject of daily discussion in the Japanese press and amongst public men, for there is a conviction that if Russia is successful in consolidating her interests in Manchuria it will only be a matter of time for l:er to secure Corca. There is a good deal of trade between Japa and that peninsula.: Japan ha laige interests there, ans settled a good population in the territory whereas at present .liussia has little or no claims of the same -kind, it was started, in the Japanese newspapers a little while ago that Russia had agreed to give Japan complete power in Southern Corea, providing that she was allowed to have Manchuria and northern Korea. Japan does not want that. Later on it was said that Russia had proposed to take Manclruria and alio* Japan Korea. As to the truth of the report I cannot say. There is not the slightest uoubt that Russia intends to have Manchuria, and the feeling amongst most people is that she is there to slay. The SLcrikn railway was not made for the purpose of trade. People who have .traveller over it say. that a great quantity of arms and ammunition are being carried to the Ea$t, and that in all respects it is a military line. The Marquis I to showed me a letter received by him from an American, in which it was stated that the writer had seen one train laden with 120 guns. Japan is making every preparation in the event of hostilities. " I was speaking with the captain of one ;of the men-o'-War at'a dinner given to us aboard," continued BJx. Coie. " I,a,s!cea trim ;.^How-Mflo you think you could meet Russia ? He replied; ' I have been six years in Russia, and I know very little about her army, but 1 know a good deal about her navy, and I know that its internal management is very bad. I don't fear them.' Then he set his teeth and added, 'We could fight them.' " The story of this belligerent Japanese is tohl to illustrate his countrymen's extreme confidence. Speaking of the development of Western civilisation in Japan, Mr. Cole ,Observes that there is a "great rajgfe'^? amongst Japanese to learn ^Efiglish. Moreover they are learning it very quickly ami very generally. Evidence of Western ideas is to be everywhere. The people have a great res|»cet for the English, but, nevertheless, there appears to be a growing idea of "Japan for the Japanese' "Right away in the back districts," Mr. Cole continues, "the schools are as numerous and forward as they are in the principal towns. Count Okanja ; 'who is generally looked upon as being the second man in Japan, has founded schools which are attended by 5000 scholars, and English is being taught in all of them. Education in various manufactures is also being, attended to. I went to a school one afternoon, and found a teacher lecturing to 25 or 30 young men upon international law." Technical, military and engineering colleges are springing up throughout the country,, and the interest displayed in his studies by the young Japanese, as well as his all-round aptitude, struck Mr. Cole as being remarkable. Manufactures of all kinds are being, developed. Tokio has rapidly increased its population to 1,700,000 v and in other cases the towns havetrebled their populations within a i'ejw yeaifc. With the spread of Western ideas the 46,000,000 of people in: Japan, Mr. Cole considers, mustrap idly develop instruction and find improved outlets for both themselves, and their goods. So far as Australian trade with Japan is concerned, Mr. Cole, who believes that a "while Australia" is impossible, cannot help dwelling at length upon what he considers to be the injusticeof the present means of restricting. Japanese and other immigration.. That legislation* he says, must check., interchange between the two countries. Nevertheless, he thinks, that there are great possibilities in the direction of an increased export of meats, butter and jam to Japan. Cattle and sheep are raised there with great difficulty, and the demand for meat is steadily growing. Returns have shown that those fed' on meat died in the navy have increased in weight and height, and as the Japanese arc very anxious to grow to a larger stature meat is highly favored. American, Dutch, French and Danish butter is to be obtained in Japan as well as a little Cole thinks, should be able to find a- good market, always providing, of course, that she can compete with other exporting countries in the. mat- ter of price.— Melbourne "Age." 