Revenue Tarifflsts,— Mask Hidden Foreign Traders. (Tb the Editor of the Riverine Grazier.) I Sir, — Our greatest and wisest of British statesmen, Mr. Joseph Cham berlain, shows clearly and distinctly that such a thing as freetrado does not exist to tho exporters of Great Britain to-day. Mr. Alfred Deakin, at tho Town Hall, Sydney, shows plainly that our Australian butter cannot enter tho French markot on the same terms »s Danish buttor becauso tho Danes and tlio French are protectionists, and can mako terms with each other that neither of them will mako with a free trade nation such as England, becauso they can reap tho advautage that a freetrado market can givo them with out any bargaining, yet Dr. Kennedy, at Hay, still presumes to leach us that freetrade is best for the producers, al though freetraders aro becoming ashamed of their old name and now call themselves revenue tariffists. But their real and proper namo is foreign traders, and let us not forget it. This foreign trade business is driving Brit ishers away from tho Empire to seek work iji foreign lands. Tho freetraders of England last year kept Belgium workers in employment by buying £26,000 worth of Belgium manufac tured nails to import into England and to re- export to her colon ios. This is freetrade, and the rosult is what ? Leaving British workmen idle within every part of tho Empiro. This is the policy that is ruining Engl ind and cal culated to ruin us if we hearken to Dr. Kennedy and his foreign trade patriots. It is easy to see why wo h-ivo not tho immigrants Dr. Kennedy talks of. They can leave England for any protec tionist nation and mako manufactured articles to sell to British colonists un der tho aegis of protection, while un der freetrade in England they aro evi dently unable to do so. Thus wo see, with Mr. Chamberlain, that freetrade stands condemned. Yet, Dr. Kennedy asks tho women of Riverina to vote for this rotten prin ciple, which must, if adopted within the Commonwealth, bring the same misfortune to the sons and daughters ot the presont generation of Austra lians as tho same policy has brought to England. We have only to look at the action of tho men in our own local par liament, and ask ourselves — What policy do the mon hold who have found work for tho unotnployodduring the past bad times 1 and, What policy do the mon hold who all along aro tho faultfinders with this work creatin' for tho unemployed, and tho seven bob a day. If wo take tho trouble of look ing back, we will find that it is tho freetrado crowd that has boon so grumbling at a body of protectionists who havo all along had some bowels of compassion for the u omployod. If it woro not for freotradors wo could havo ironworks, and many other works, established long ago, that would givo legitimate work in dry seasons in Australia. If the men and womon of Australia aro true to their country they will not bo dopondent on any nation for their principal requirements. If they are truo to thomselvos, and to their coun try they will look to principles, and not mon. Mr. Blackwood may bo a very nico amiable man, but his policy is a rotton ono — therefore tho peoplo of Riverina should not voto for a rotton decaying policy that gives tho foreigner an advantage in our markets that the foreigner would not givo us in their markots. This is tho ago of steam and machin ery th it drive men out of employment everywhere. With machinery, steam, and protection, one nation could so un dnrse.1 tho froetrude nation as to loavo its workers to starve. Thoroforo tho war of trade is for the purpose to find employment f ir tho people contained in each nation Therefore we must have protection, or our people must starve inthenoar future 1 Whom ought we to bolievo in, Mr. Chamborlain or Dr, Kennedy 1 If you beliovo in the former, you will vote for Chanter. Yours, etc., f J.OHNFLANAGAir'' Gunliar. ? ? -. 