LOCAL AND GENERAL. American Comedy Company.— The opening night of the above company is 'xed lor Tuesday next, and the season is limited to two nights. Tho company, ns most play coers are aware, was selected in America by All-. George Stephenson, a young New Zea land manager. It lias been causing quite a sensation in the southern States, tlie oya nev season of nine weeks at the Palace Theatre being a record for tnat nouhe. xiiuiei are 24: members, and each is a specialist. The opening attraction here will be the three-act farce comedy, 'Alamma s New I Husband,' which made such a hit in Syd ney, where it ran to crowded houses for five weeks. It is frankly announced as be ing produced 'for laughing purposes only ;? - with it is claimed more laughs to the squaro inch than any other modern work. The box plan is on view at Poulton's. Order of Sales.— Tho order of fat stock sales at the municipal yards, Campbell's Hill, on Alonday next will be : — J. N. Brun ker and Son. 1 ; O. K. Young, 2 ; Carr Bros., 3 ; John Enright, 4 ; J. G. Alark liuni, 5 ; E. W. Sparko, 6. Work at- the Collieries— There is a marked improvement in the time worked at the South Aluitlund Collieries during the fort night ended to-day, compared with the num ber of days upon which the miners were en gaged iii connection with preceding pays.' S tu n f ord-AIer thy'r did not show any im provement, -having put in G4-, days, but East Greta and Heddon-Greta both worked well; the time sheet showing niuu days re spectively. Pelaw Alain Worked at a high pressure,', and the miners employed there are likely to experience a busy time during the next few months, for the Alossrs. Brown have a large number of vessels in tho har bour at Newcastle, while there are fresh arrivals almost daily. The Greenwoods.— We remind our readers, of the fact that the abovenamod. talented company of artists appears hero on Alonday evening'. All lovers of beautiful music and really genuine artistic work, wo are advised, should not miss the opportunity of being present. Tho programme to bo presented is a magnificent one, comprising gems from ltnlinn opera, selections from English opera, popular ballads, comical sketches, coon songs, and concerted numbers. Speaking of the performance of this company the ' Ar midaie Chronicle ' says : — ' The concert given by the renowned Greenwoods in the local hall on Thursday night provided a treat of exceptional order. It is seldom, in deed, that Arniidale people are afforded an opportunity of listening to such high-class musicians, and those who attended on Thursday night speak of the entertament in unmeasured terms of rapture. The Alisses Greenwoood are gifted with remarkable voices, und that their efforts were apprecia ted was plainly evidenced by the prolonged applause which followed the rendition of each number. It is to be regretted for tho musical fame of Australia that the Alisses Greenwoods did not travel abroad for tho purpose of furthering their musical educa tion, as a course of study under Alarchosi would most certainly havo been tho means of bringing out another Alelba or Crossley in one of tlie young Now Zeulanders' Tho Greenwoods will lie here only one night and should be greeted with a bumper house. St. Paul's Church, West Alaitlnnd. — Else- i where announcement is made of tlie services for Palm Sunday at St. Paul's. On Mci.'day and Tuesday evenings lantern services will be given, exhibiting the story of the Passion in picture, liymn, and address. The 'Story of the Cross ' will be sung at each of thoso services. The Wharfage Dues. — Tho I-Ion. Walter Bennett has written as follows to Mr. B. Wynn. Largs — 'Re suggested imposition of wharfage dues on State goods.'' Al arch 24. Dear Sir, — I had an interview with my col league the Colonial Treasurer, this morning on tlie above subject, and he informed mo tlint when it was discussed .at. tho Treasu rers Conference in Alolbourno ho declined to countenance it in any wav, and djd not tako part in the discussion. Air. Waddcll wishes it to be understood that tho Government do hot ' contemplate , disturbing the existing state of affairs regarding wharfage dues.1!' Congregational Church. — To-morrow even ing at tlio Congregational Church, Rev. T. E. Peirco will speak on tho subject of ' Is Life Worth Living ?' Non-churchgoers aro cordially invited to this closing service of the first quarter of tho year. Geisha Social Club. — Tho members of tho Geisha Social Club are notifiod by an adver tisement which appears in another column that the annual mooting will bo held in tho Old Alasonlc Hall. West Alaitlnnd, on Wed nesday evening, tho 30th' instant. Nicholson and Company's Catalogue.— Al'ossrs. Nicholson and Company, Mel bourne and Newcastle, send us a copy of their illustrated catalogue of vlolh-B (in cluding1 tho 'Stroll'- violiu-, vioUn' sundries;' nnd violin music. Each violin and arUol# listed is also priced. The St rah .yjrO^iVf is a novelty in which a metitf t/rurhpot and a metal diaphragm taV.fi-' tlio place of tho sounding box. Tte' object of tho inventor was to turn out n1^ violin equal in quality of tono to the fine olcr 'instrument of tho clas sic makers and in evoiW respect as boautifui' an instrument, ns far ata sound was concer ned, as tho fiddles of AiWti or Strar.iva-iiUH. Tho Stroh is played [like auy ordinary violin, and tho vibrations sot up -'jy tho strings aro communicated! to a motfi diaph ragm, which in turn cariV'es them vo tlio air, in the resonator or trumput,v wJ'ero thoy are augmented in volume and enllttod to tho outward atmosphere. Tho uiee.'i.anJnm o! tho Stroh violin is simple and cannot got out of order. St. Poter's Church, East Maitland. — An advertisement elsewhere sots forth , tho ser vices for Passion Week in this church; Tho rector will bo preacher ut both services of Palm Sunday (to-morrow) and tho preach ers at tho night services will bo Hov, II. A. Wood, Rev. F. L. Perkins, Right Rev. Bish op Stretch, Hov. G. F. Rushforth. ? Tho rector will bo tho preacher on Good Friday.. Ball aiid- Supper. —On Easter Alonday night a ball and supper in aid of the parochial debt of St. Joseph's Church, will- be hold ih tho Alechanics' Institute, East Alaitland. Hoban's orchestra has been ongaged. ' Ocean Excursion.— On Easter, Alonduy tlio steamer Namoi will leavo tho- steamers' wharf, Newcastlo, at 10.15 a.m. A run will bo made to Port Stephens,' and tho boat will steam round Nelson's Bay, Salamander Bay, and Boandabuli Island, returning to Now-, castle about 5.80 p.m. Tho faro .is , 8s, children half- prico. ; A Christian. Conference.— It. is announced by advertisement which nppo.ars olsbwhoro in this issuo that a Christian Conforonco will bo held on Good Friday i-ight in tbo Aletlio dlst Church, when addressed will bo delivered by , tlio Revs. B. J. .Atook, It. B, ; Bowes, T, E. Peirco, and otliors, , : ? ' : Etist Alaitland Foot'ball Club.— Elsowhero, in tills issuo it- is announced by advertise ment tlint the general annual mooting of the East Alaitlnnd Football Club will l:m hold at* , Evatt's Hotel on, AYednosduy , evening, the 30th instant. , ' Shop Assistants' .Application for Common Rule, r— Ah important rosorvod judgment, which has been awaited, with, a vast amount' of intorest in rotail trading circloSj was 'de livered In the Arbitration Court yosterdny. - It was. in respect to tho summonses -filed by Anthony Hordern and Sons, the MuBtor Re tailors' Association, and the N.S.AV. Rotail Grocers' Association calling upon: tlio'; Shop- ' Assistants' Union and :tho.Unltod Grocors und Assistants' Union to show cause - why their application to mako mi agreoinent ,on torod into by thom with F,i Lassettor and Co., Limited, a common rulo should not ,bo sot aside. Air. JuHtlco: Cohen said that , al though lio was at first inclinotl to tlio opin ion that the objections raliiod woro well founded, ho had -''after, further; consideration nrrlvod at the opposito conclusion. Tlio con si, ruction of- tlio. Arbitration ' Act contended for b.V thoso who sought to sot. nsldo the ap plication for tlio common rulo was too tech nical1 and rigid. Ho saw nothing in tho lan gimgo of the Act 'to prohibit a conditional agreement being made a common rule, but lie saw much' in its policy to uphold It,. The main ngreemeht entered Into with iLaflsetter's though its lifo might bo HU.ipnnded b.r the supplementary ngrooniont, only rnqui'md its animation restored by tlio inM.unt.ineouH ope ration of tho common rulo to brcoimi n 1 1 ▼- lug and binding document. Mrmim. Oruick Bhnnk and Smith agreed with the Prrwldmil'.. nnd tho nummonaea wore nceordlngly dis missed with oewtain «ont« acaiapQ Uui ol-.?aa#« ing pnrtifce. Tho AccfdonC to Mr. P. Ferry.— X coupla ol weeks ago— as was stated at tlio timo— Mr. 1\ Ferry, of East Alaitland, met with a painful accident, a newly- shod borne nearly cutting off one of hi» toos by bringing the point of the shoe down upon his foot. For tunately, prompt attention saved tho too. and Air, Ferry, who was forced to remain idle for about a fortnight, is now abla to gat about again. Special Horse Sale. — There was a great assemblago of buyers and spectators at tho Campbell's Hill yards to-day, the attraction being a special horse salo conducted by Mr. O. Young1, ? tho well-known auctioneer* ? Fully 150 head were yarded, consisting of a largo proportion of heavy draughts, and about an equal share of saddle and bug-gy horses and ponies. That draught horses .command a keen inquiry was clearly evi dent, for competition was marked by great activity from start to close of sale, and splendid prices were readily realised for all good quality animals. A. consignment of Queonsland draught horses was very much admired, and tho pick of the draft ranged from £28 to £32 per head, an average of £30 being obtained for 12, while the whole i drnft of 28 head made tho splendid average of £2-^ Messrs. J. G. Markham and J. S. O Donnell, who were operating for export purposes, materially assisted tho market, while buying power from, the metropolis and the Newcastle district was also noticealile. Active draughts, suitable for van work, rea lised from £18 to £24- 10s. Good. descrip- tions of saddle and buggy horses were se cured at values ranging from £12 to £1'5, other qualities from £5 to £9 10s. Best [ponies made £12 to £10 per head, and me dium from £6 10s to £9. Altogether the sale was ono of the most successful hold for some time. A Narrow Escape.— Whilst tho horse sale w ixH in. progress at Campbell's Hill this af ternoon an accident occurred, in which Air. Edward Simpson, tho well-known drover and attendant at the saloyards, had an extreme ly. narrow escape from receiving injuries of a serious nature. Several large draught horses had just boon drafted from one yard into another for the purpose of being submitted to auction, when one of tho number endea voured to join somo others that had been left behind. The animal rushed at the gate separating tho two yards, and attempted to jump it, but struck heavily and was thrown 1 over on to its back to the opposite side. In falling it struck Simpson violently and knocked him down and partially rolled over oil him. Willing hands quickly rushed to his rescue, when it was seen that he had been rendered unconscious, and appeared to have beon seriously injured. Ho was imme diately removed to the hospital, where an examination revealed the pleasing informa tion that ho had escaped serious injury, al though ho sustained a painful abrasion on the faco and was somewhat bruised, in addition to receiving a very sovere shock. The good news was hailed with satisfaction by thoso present at tho sale, for it was generally recognised that Air. Simpson had had a most miraculous escape. G. F. Vernon, Dentist, Dowar's Colonnade, Enst Maitland. Hours, 9.30 a.m. to 8 p.m. Gresford visited monthly Mr. Crick, the Now South Wales Aliniater of Lands, has nrrangod to have a statistical statement pre pared at the end of this month from the ordinary documents receivod from the land boards, in order to show how many people havo gone on tho land since the commencement of tho year, as tho result of iippli. cations dealt with by tho board. This return will thus relate to the first quarter of the year. Tho dead body of a mnn named William Brcroton was found by tbe Bedfern police on Friday in n bouse in Walker-street, Rodfern. Tho neighbours noticed a bad odour coming apparently from the house, and informed the police. Tho lutter forced nn entrancoon Friday afternoon, and found tho dead body otBroreton lying face downwards onthelritcben floor. Tho body, which was in an ndvancod stato of decomposition, was removed to the morgue. Brerotou was laBt soen alive on Monday night. The mining market was also inactive, and Brokon Hill sbareB were easier. i/'iTho only movomont in the import market was cable advioo of a sharp rise in the fencing wiro in the principal producing centres. The farinors are holding wheat in anticipation -of higher prices. ' When tbo Alessagories Maritimes steamer Nera arrived in port at Melbourne on Friday she waB found to have on board, guarded by a French gendarme, a demented passenger, named - John Francis Vsttner, between 35 and 40 years of ago. He iB a roturned colonist, and is to be t-iken on to Sydney, as his friends rcsido at Newcastle. Ho is rtlleged to have contracted fever in the Indo-Malayan Peniusula when prospecting for gold, and it resulted in severe mental aberration. Tho Chief Immigration Officer, Mr. O'B-iun, served Captain A. Chevalier, master of tho Nora, with a, notico intimating that he would he hold roBpsnsiblo if yqttner landod. 'Tbo Viotorian railway revonue continues vory buoyant, tho tctal for the past week exceeding that for the corresponding psriod of last year by ,£19,327. jit the Bairnsdalo Court on Friday E. 11, Burke, a farmer, waB sentenced to six months' imprisonment for not finding sureties that ho would 'pay 7s Gd a week towards tho support of his illegitimate child. Defendant was staggered by tho sontenco, and burst into tears. : So far tho Queensland _ Premier, Mr. Morgan, who is also Minister of Railways, has received no written' reports as to tbo succbsb oC the diiy- labour ayetom in tho construction of railways, but ho has had oral statements from the engineers, which show that the system is likoly to prove a success, nnd that tbo lines aro being completed within the estimates originally submitted by fcho engineers. At the Police Court, Brisbane, Goor^e Moore, Ja ooal-trimmor on fcho steamer Tlnana, was charged with refusing to obey tho captain's orders. The evidence showod that ho refused to work aB a greaser r'b well as a trimmer, and in this refusal was simply carrying out tho orders of his union. Considerablo intoreBt is taken in tho case, tho question at ieano being whether trimmora could bo compelled to work as greasers when thoy woro ongagod in trimming coal. The Hunch found tho defondant guilty, but intimated that they did not desire to doai severely with him as ho waB acting on tho orders of Ins union, Ho WaB, thereforo, sentoaoed to three hours' imprisonment, nnd was ordored to pay tho coBts, 1 amounting to M 3s, Fourteen days woro allowed in whioli to pay tho ooats. ; j On tho application of Mr. Knox, who appoared for Messrs. Aulsebrook and Sons, biBcuit manufacturers,! tlio Chief Judgo in Equity (Justico A. H, Siiupsonu on'Frlday granted a decree perpetually rostrainini James Haydon, Lealis Aruotfc, and others, trading as ' 'WlHiiun Arnotfc,' from uiauufocturlng, Belling or.ofTerlng f or aal.o, any- bisoults .undor the naino o !' Neva,' and froui in any. way infringing plaintiffs rights ns owners of the trade mark ' Nova,' Mr Innes (instructed by Mosars. Spiirlto aud Alilliird, Newcastle) appoarod fov tho defendants, and con sented to tho dceroo. ' ' Air, McFarlane, speaking atMnelcnn, advocated ill coalition in tho Sfcata Parliament, declaring thatl mouibors of tho presont Ministry wero in favour of such a course. / ' '' 1 ..' Owing to tbo oxodua of 438 officers from tbo Works Dopartniont eoino furthor ciconomlea nru contempla ted. Tho spRce made avallable.at tho department will be utilised bo that tho Government may discon tinue renting eottaiu promises for publio purposes, ' At Woollalira last night Mr. Oarruthers declared that tho unfortunato public servants-wore suffering for tho sins of tho Govornmont, Ho further Btatud thht throughout tho Stato tlioro woro thousaudn of unemployed' formnrly in tho employ oE tho Govorn- ? ment. Protests havo beon jnado against tho wholesale dismissal of roads maintenance men iu tho different districts, Sir William Lyno and a Parliamentary party wore in tho Tuniut district yootreday, and thvy inspoctcd tho Lacmalao and Wyungli) proposed tapital sitoa. Afr. Kingston doclurod yesterday that tbo Eapor anco railway would diminish tlie ruooipta from tho triinB-Austrtilian Hue by GO pur cont. His lixoellcnoy tlio Govornor, Lady RawBon and Alms Rawoon will return to Sydney from tholr country rusidonco at Sutton Forest on Alonday. A deputation of Alayoro and aldormon appoalod to the Acting Premier yosterdny for relief from tho dllil unlticaunder which municipal counoilii suffer. Somo members of tho deputation naked for extondod tax ation pnwern, whilst, ofchor.i worn iu favour of an in proasud Government ondowmont. Air. Wise advlond tho councils to out tlioir coutu according kq Ijliulr oloth, and to rotrenoh ns others had to do. Application was made to Justice Pring in Chambers on Friday by Mr. Watt for a writ of habeas coipus, touohiug the body of Frederick Charles Nickisson, at present a confinee in the Alaitland Gaol, to be directed to Goorgo Frederick Scott, S.M., at Newcastle. It appeared that the applicant had been committed to the Alaitlaud Gaol by Air. Scott, under threo orders for failing to comply witli each of threo maintenance orders ofJhU wife and children. The ap|Aicati.m was based . on soveral grounds, amongst which was that the com - mitment was illegal, as tho c»nvicti-n on whicl:gifc was founded was iu excess of jurisdiction, inasmuch as it waa a conviction for a matter arising v noro than Bix months prior to. tho time of making tho com plaint upon which tiia conviction was founded. HIb Honrr uiado tho rule absolute in rosponfc of tho three orders. Mr. Oarruthers has issued to tho electors an appoal for tho co- operation of all Liberals in present ing a solid front at the elections. He urgos that uo local selections of candidates should be mado until the Liberal and Reform Association has beon com municated with. Tho commissioners have compiled a Bohedulo of nameB which they propose to givo to the new electorates. .'Messrs, Carroll, J. Hurley, and Ferguson, Ms;L.A| mot with organised opposition at Wyalong in ad dreaaing a reform meotiag. There was a dull market for investment securities on the Stock Exolmnge yesterday, but prices wero steady. Tho Kalfior has a collection of sticks which tfl perhaps unequalled. It includes a yollow cano said to bo liOOO years old, and worth at loaBt £2000. Tho ISmporor of Austria collects nionu cards. Tho choicest Bpecimon is tho menu of tlio- dinner givon by tlio Czar to President Faui'o at tho ltUBSlan Embassy in Paris'. The card it card It can bo callod— Is a block of tho rarest black marblo, bonutifutly painted by a famous French artist. Tho King of Denmark onco ac cumulated a collection of birds' eggs, which was uold somo years ngo in aid of Danish charities, and is mild to havo fotchod bouio ,C15,000. Tho change offered by a London booking clerk to a passongor Included a sixpence with a hole in it. Tho pasHenger would not tako it, though tho booklng-clork said it was 'all right,' and an argumont onsued, during which porsons wait ing for tickets grow impationt, Somoono be hind tho ollendod traveller said, 'Tako the coin and I'll givo you anothor slxponco for it.' TIiIh was done. 'Now,' said the now man, 'Givo mo a single to ? ' And ho put down as part of his faro tho disputed slxponco, which tho book ing clork had to talco. Many places have curious namos, but nppnren- , ly there Is only ono place which has a namo without any vowols. That placo Is the ,Ittlo hamlet of Ws, near Paris. Wh being nn unpro nounceable namo, tho inhabitants of tho hnmlot liavo transform! it Into 'd'Us,' but this chango has not boon sanctioned legally, and on all tho odlclat records the namo Ws still appears. So far as is known, there is only ono poreon in Kuropo whoso namo Is without vowels. Tills is AI, Srb, tho Mayor of Praguo. 