Latest Telegrams. 1 ? Sydney^ Tuesday. , The cattU ma«l;et is 5s to 10 j. weaker. Bullocks, £6 to £11 19e ; cows, £5 to £8 10s. M aize, prime yellow, 2s ; white, Is 9d to la 10s; butter, choice dry, 8jd; prime, 8d to 8Jd ; teco'ld quality, 7d to 7jd ; eggs (north) 13d to lid. The final returns of the West Australian election- show that the new Parliament trill consist as follows: — Labor, 22 ; Ministerial, 19 ; Independent, P. A girl, aged 12, was shockingly outraged by a strange man in a suburb ofFrisbano on Saturday, while going on a message for her parents. The assailant is still at large. Tho three-masted barque, Dumfrieshire, is stranded at New Caledonia. The crew were saved. The barque Gordon, which left Melbourne on June 20, for Ireland, with a full cargo ot wheat, was towed into Port Jackson in a damaged condition. She lost all her Bails, and encountered fearfui gales, four life boats were reduced to atoms. Tbe decks were swept and several of the crew were in jured. Federal Ministers are anxious that Mr. Reid should submit a no-confidence motion without further delay in order to end the present uncertainty. It is reported, however, that tbe Opposition leader had resolved not to take any action until the Arbitration Bill is disposed of. The annual convention of the Pastures' Boards opened last night, under the Presi dency of the Minister lor Lands, who said he i desired to do justioe to all. He was just as willing to give fair play to little as to big men. A resolntion was carried that the boards should be empowered to appoint their own chairman and officers, including inspec tors. It was also resolved to urge an amend ment of the Brands Act. Good salvage work is being done on the steamer Anstralia. Tbe first batch of Syd ney saved cargo arrived yesterday. In Yegard to the Queensland crisis, it is stated that Rutledge will not be able to com mand a majority in the House. A dissolu tion is regarded as inevitable. The annual sale of stud sheep opened yesterday. Some big prices were realised, one Havilah ram reaching 800 guineas, others at 775. 750, 710, 650, and 625 respect ively, the first-named establishing a reoord. It is feared that upwards of 750 Scan dinavians and Finns, including Captain Bulk and crew of the Danish immigrant steamer Norge, from Copenhagen to New York, have been lost. The ship struck a reef near Grimsby and gradually filled. Three boats were smashed while launching. Five others were launched, containing most ly women and children, but only two got away. 