Quality of Victorian Butter. In an article dealing with the quality of Victorian butter "The Leader" makes the following comments: — Probably two of the most difficult things to explain in connection with the quality, of butter are those comprised under the heading of "aroma" and *' flavour." What are" the peculiar elements which go ' to wards the creation of these subtle essences in butter production, and exactly how their presence may be secured, are matter* that so far have eluded alike, the scientist and the practical dairy farmer. A discus sion upon Ibis, subject has been opened by a correspondent of *' The Age" under the signature of " A British Immigrant," who expresses the opinion that in butter sold in Australia as " prime" the aroma and flavour are seriously deteriorating from what they were ten years ago ; also that Australia's prime butter could .not fail to give dissatisfaction : to . the majority of Great Britain's butter experts, and he sug gests that a bulk sample of English prime butter might be obtained, so that Aus tralia's experts might have, a concrete il lustration of the Aroma and flavour ex pected in Great Britain. . , This opinion is combated from several quarters, including the Department of Agriculture; whose representative- At- the Melbourne Export Depot contends that the bent Victorian brands are an good aR ever they were. and. further, that some of the secondary brands this season have im proved considerably. Thofce dealing with milk supplies straight from the farms, and treating the milk on the co- operative mod ern factory .system, it is submitted, are still turninsc out good butter, while those dealing with home separator cream, which formerly produced a butfer that varied in quality, are in some cases doing much bet tor- than before. Further, it is denied that there is deterioration in the export butter. Tf. j« explained tlwt at the present time Victorian butler is handicapped by the pre sence in the London market of stored but ter that preceded the new season's output, and hns been keot in cold stores. Over £100.000 was put into butter by speculator* in Victoria last year in the anticioation that butter would go up in value in March, April, or May. Tney were doomed to disappointment, and had to realise on it somehow. It wo* sold to an English firm, and put in cold storage, and now it is on the market, to the disadvantage of the new season's butter of the same brands. VVith regard to the statement about the quality of butter marked " prime," it la pointed out that that might have been cor rect as far as the writer's experience in a particular district goes. There is a section that is not as good as it ought to be, but Victoria's best butter is as good as ever. The English butter is put on the market With its fresh flavour, and Denmark is able- to send her butter in regularly and within a short.period from the time "it has been made; but butter from Australia has the disadvantage of a lengthened voyage, which, while not "nterfering with the pnniene** of quality, unquestionally alters somewhat the delicacy of the aroma and flavour. Then, hi addition to the draw back of the old season's butter being placed on the market, attention is drawn to an alleged attempt to "bear" price* at the other end on the strength of a London market report of 4th December, which says that "Prices for the week remain un changed, unless for Australian, which re ceded 2s. per cwt. The otters at low prices of Australian which are being made by some houses look as if a 'bbea r movement were being attempted." ; Among the contributors of outside opin ion on this subject one local correspondent says, as a man of experience in the trade, and making of butter in the North of Eng land and Australia, he quite agrees with ' A British Immigrant" re the lack of nroina and flavour in our prime butter, but the fuult, in his opinion, is not to be found in our Australian method of making but ter, but in the method of feeding the cat tle. "How," he asks, " can we expect to get that sweet nutty flavour which v in the .fcriglinh butter, seeing the cattle here get nothing but grass, and that not of the best or mveeteat, whereas the British farmer pastures cattle'on a-much richer, pasture than any in Australia, and at t*ch milk ing the town have a good feed of chaffed meadow hay along with bran, bean, and maize meals, and a little linseed oil cake. I will guarantee if the Australian dairy man will go on these lines he will have more milk, a much better test at the fac tory, a better bodied butter, with a higher melting point, and full of aroma and flav our. This treatment would put flavour into the milk, and if that is not there it w impossible for the butter maker to pro duce the aroma desired in the butter." This correspondent takes up a position that many consider quite untenable, because if there is one thing more than another that has been regarded as contributing most ma terially to the superior quality of Austral ian butter, it has been the fact that the butter here is so largely fed on natural pasture, together with a smaller propor tion of stall feeding than is practised either in Great Britain or on the Continent of turopc. This view is supported by an other contributor to the discussion, who submits '.' that nothing produces better and more uniform butter than grass, and if the cow here requires hand feeding it should be with the object of keeping it in condition and increasing its yield when there is not sulHcient grass. If our butter on the whole id not what it used to be, various reasons may account for it, such as the improper use of the home separator, and the gradual contamination of water supplies, of which many examples could be given. Parcels of butter which reach the cool stores in a good condition arrive -on the London market seriously- depreciated. Does 4lrat not distinctly -prove • the- above contention ? Bacteria introduced by. un cleah water is the invisible enemy that has to-be fought'against." . • The completely oppesite opinions here submitted upon the natural grass and stall feeding questions'fairly veil-represent the absence of any definite data so far estab lished in.connection with theie conflicting points ; while the departmental assump tion that the British merchants are "blear ing" the prices cannot be accepted as the true explanation. If there is anythmg of this sort going on, it is our own blame for not, as " i'he Leader" has already pointed out, establishing a receiving depot in Lou don for the purpose of controlling the source of supply. In '.he fact that Danish butter always brings 15s. to 20s. per cwt; u:ore in the London market than Austral ian is to be found a very suggestive con sideration. The relative prices for the past four-years may be taken in illustra tion. For the year 1900, Australian, per cwt., 108s. to 110s.; Danish, 128s. Fo.v the year 1901, Australian, lOie. to 100s.; D.m ish, 118s. to 120s. Fcr the year 1902 (drought year and small supply), Austra ian, 110s. to 1125.; Danish, life. For the year 1903 (now in the middle of the seas on), Australian, 965. to 100s.; Danish lIAb. These differences in prices, it has to be further noted, cannot be argued as meaii ing superiority in quality, because the prices quoted in the foregoing are for "choicest Australian"; and choicest Aus tralian, no matter how much the point may be disputed, is equal to the very.best Danish. The difference,is entirely attri butahle to the fact that Denmark controls, its source of supply, Denmark has long ago found it imperative to regulate its butter export trade with Great. Britain by tha establishment of what is known under the designation of the "weekly quotation." This is managed by feeding the London market according to its weekly require ments from the Danish combined refrigera tion depot in Copenhagen. We, however, ignore the example of Denmark, and in stead of adopting the advantages of modern refrigeration, continue to tumble our-ship ments on top of each other weekly during our short season, and thereby actually com pel a class of agents to buy our produce at depressed prices owing to the. glut. That is the simple reason of the depressed prices, and not any inferiority in the quality. 