THE RUSSIAN POSITION IN MANCHURIA. [By a Loyal 'Australian.] The.belief is widely held that Russia has no right 'in Manchuria. It is possible to hold that it would be better if she were not there, without denying her any Tcstige of title. China a.nd Japan went to war, and Japan, winning, might have seized Manchu ria had the Powers allowed her. Her title in that case would have been exactly what the Russian, title is. now. It is forgotten that China went to war 'with Rnssia, yet it the trouble is token; to turn up a file it will be found that when the Powers decided to restore order at Peldn Avar was declared by China against Russia only, the rcsuifc being that a Hussian array invaded Manchuria independently of whatever ac tion wa- taken by the allies from the side of the Yellow Sea, Since then Russia has strengthened her position in the province, as England has in Egypt; has acknowledg ed an 'obligation'' to at some time evacu ate it in the same way; and has steadily improved her position with a view to per-' mai'ent occupation on lines which are some what identical. It does not suit us to ac cept Russia willingly in this new position, but it is idle to deny what is so clearly ap paient to any even mind— that Russia has accomplished something which, had it been the work of England instead, would be hail ed throughout the empire in its true light, as tlie most masterful act of diplomacy of the last quarter of a century. Nor .is it at all clear, while we object to Russia in Mcnchuria, that we would \k any better pleased had the occupier been Japan, nor yet, if Japan were allowed to take Corca, that the pciice of' the world would be any better secured than if Russia followed her Hue of conquest to its geographical end. Japan is an Asiatic Power, and so is in af finity with China; she lias risen from ' comparatively nothing to tho position of a Power in 39 years, showing what China with infinitely more facilities could do .under the same encour agement; .-Jie would by taking Corca create ihere another nation the equal of her own, and might, and in all iikelihoodwould.prove the incentive to Chinese, awakening, result ing in an Asiatic alliance which would ter- 1 rorizc the world. Jar, unlike Russia which inay dominate but cannot 'lift' China, due to racinl distinctions, Japan, if given the opportunity, can 'take her righl out of her historic conservatism by a process of incen tive and assimilation, the simplicity of winch should be apparent. And if 40.000,000 Asiatics have been able to rise from a position of fair grentci- obscurity than now distinguishes Obina in the arts and sciences -in a brief generation, what are the possibilities in front of the latter country's 400,000,000 when once they are emancipat ed by Japan's influence and inspired by the incentive of her progress? The white race (1) rwlny, a city erected by the Russian' Government, and as yet without inhabitants. (2) Pnri Arthur from a recent photograph from the land side. (3) Sketch allowing type of embankments, of which there are many, along the Jlanchurinn railway. (-) Sketch showing- cutaway, of which there are 'many, through hard rock along the Mancliurian railway. (1) rwlny, a city erected by the Russian' Government, and as yet without inhabitants. (2) Pnri Arthur from a recent photograph from the land side. (3) Sketch allowing type of embankments, of which there are many, along the Jlanchurinn railway. (-) Sketch showing- cutaway, of which there are 'many, through hard rock along the Mancliurian railway. makes? many blunders, but the crowning error of its interrivalries will be realized when it provides the step for tlie coloured race to tread on and bruise. its neck. We backed the wrong horse, declared the late lord Salisbury in a reference made by him a short time before liis death to the support which England gave pagan Turkey in the seventies.' Ueware lest a generation later the same apology has not to be uttered in regard 'to any undue support now to un christian Japan. Mr. Alfred Stead, - in an admirable article in llie World's Work, writes as follows:— 'Manchuria, the garden of China, a terri tory as large as the Austrian Empire and Italy combined, has been absorbed in the 'relentless Russian advuece to the unfrozen waters d the Yellow Sea.' To the 17,000,000 or so of its inhabitants, chiefly immigrants from Shantung, the Russian occupation has been beneficial. The old brutal oppression and grinding taxation of the Chinese regime Bave passed away, and, besides a decrease of. the latter, tiie settlers bend* largely from the increased influx of money. Wages are very Mgh for North China, and there is a sense of security wliich was not known before. This advantageous side of the Rus sian occupation must be frankly admitted, whatever the international or moral aspect may be. From the point of view of inter- 1 national law, Russia can claim considerable rights in Manchuria— rights, that is. that are recognised in published treaties. The present completeness of the Russian occupation of Manchuria is hardly reainsd bv the general public. Practically, ltussia is 'everywhere' there, as may be gathered when it'is said that her customs and man* ners arc displacing the Chinese, lier money becoming part of tne currency, and her church establishing it=clf without so much, as a murmur of disapproval. And sweep ing as has been her diplomatic policy, it hay'not been more astonishing than her industrial. The railway is an extraordinary affair, fas superior to the Siberian line, which is a toy section in comparison, and designed without npird to case of com pletion. Tims splendid embankments are common, deep cuttings frequent, and the liridircs. of which tiiere are ijuite a dozen, are of the finest order of architecture pos sible. Then tlie stations built at distance of every 20 or 30 rnifes are substantial stone edifices of pood design, and command, as a rule, townships which hhve been laid out by tlw Government. The centre of tlie line is at. Harbin, wliich, six years ago. w.is a raw Chinese settlement, is now a large town wifli piiWic gardens, hospitals, and shops. Stupendous as is- 'the work wMch, is represented by the creation ftf a string ot such settlements, it is paled by Dalnjr, the free pnrt of Taliemvan Bay. Here, ?wliero swift steamer? for China, 'for Japan, and even for Australia', will await the ar rival of the transcontinental trains to trans port the passensprs to their destination, the Russians hayo erected a splendid city canable of providing for a ponnlation of 100.000 people. Roads have b;en made, public n'nildings constnictwl, and liarbonr worl?' begun;' while tlrere are complete tramway, electric -light, and sewerage sys tems, and even - parks and theatres, al though as yet there is not a single inhabi tant of any character whatever. Dunns 1002 iio fewer than 737 carso steamers and 1.418 junks arrived at T)alny, mostlyin con nection with the building of the city, the trade' from which was distributed, as per vessel, as follows:— 324 Rus sian, 241 Jananese, 83 English, 49 Chinese, 12 Norwegian, and 2 Danish, Aus trian, German, and American vessels. On February 24, 1303, the first express train arrived' at Dalny, and on the same day two fast steamers of .the Chinese Eastern Rail way Company left for Nagasaki and Shang hai. It is now intended to throwj this city, open to settlement, tlie Japanese alone being barred. AVhen one coasiders what Russia, .has done in Manchuria a regret is felt that England did not- in time realize her des tinv. 'starting from the work of Chinesa Gordon, and once so disy of accomplish ment, of 'saving China from herself.' Even now, is it too extravagant to suggest that wJwt Russia lias done in Manchuria. Eng land, in conjunction with the United States, could do in Corea, if only this fetish of Japanese aggrandisement were dropped out of our diplomacy entirely? Far Russia will Tiot go farther than she 3/as gone in the direction of conquest because of 'race,' which makes an absolute change undesir able, if not actually impossible. The same thing would apply to England nnd America, but it dots not and cannot apply to Japan, whose occupancy must become absorption, folding eventnally to Japanese and Chinese assimilation, with all its consequent dangers. Tlie policy of Russia in Manchuria is really the adoption of that which distinguishes England in Egypt, with, ' perhaps, a little less of our traditional benevolence. Cer tainly, the war party is for absolute an nexation, but the desire of the Court is that the present position shall continue, which is that, while' Russia is the dominant Power, her work shall be ' done with . a gloved hand. Thus the Chinese flag has not been torn down, but the Russian has been hoisted with it; trade has not been taken from its old monopolists, but only diverted to Russian direction, and the administration of government has not been . removed to a Russian Court, but divided between Russia and Chinese officials, who act together and maintain the semblance of local authority. That Russia will not go much farther in tins way is considered certain by those who study such questions, and. because, as said, of the racial difficulty. If there were any greater fusion of Russia and China, lb might work in a way to Russia's injury— to the Mongol - dominating tlie Slav. As Mr. Alfred Stead says— 'If the frontier of the empire is moved south of the Amur River, and is stretched to include the mil lions of Chinese in Manchuria, and on to an undefined frontier with China, how are the Chinese to be prevented from permeat ing the whole of Asiatic Russia? Already there are numbers of Chined in Irkutsk, v.here three years ago there were scarce ly any, while in Hie Transbaikai and Amur provinces the .Russian settlers .ire unable to hold their own against the '.inrush of thrifty, sober Chinese. Intermarriage gives only further cause for alarm, because the ollspring of. such marriages are more Chinri o-:e than Russian. This question of race is the greatest of Russia's Asiatic problems, and it is this dangerous side to the acqui sition of Manchuria which may succeed in settling the question which has baffled the Chancelleries of many Great Powers.' To l epeat, Japan hat no such question to con sider, and hence the danger of helping her to form a greater Asiatic Empire on1. West- ern methods. 