f: 'VICTORIAN NOTES. ' [By Our Special Correspondent.] „ ' , A little wholesome self-examination at \--. ^ the close of the old year, is profitable to ?% communities, as well as to individuals, for the mistakes we have made are often enough the stepping stones of our dead * selves on which we may in the New Year rise to hifrhfii* tilings. Thor« ia n+. amr rate room for a rise to higher things in \- Federal affairs: for not only has the pro anise of the pre-Federation days been en tirely falsified, but those who encouraged a robust faith in democracy have seen their ideals persistently and deliberately per verted. Government of the people, by and for the people, is a democratic principle which finds unqualified and universal ac ceptance ; and yet, year by year, we are brought face to face with facts which seem , to show that few forces of the political world are more easily manipulated than the will nf f.*ho. £inrr.ar£xi nrn -r»Qr»-rJ.a THin -m-»*»T» broadest franchise and freest constitution seem equally to have failed in giving to the people those laws on which they h,s-ve set their hearts. It would be hard to find a form of government more amenable to \- popular opinion than that of the Com monwealth, but few will be prepared to ex tol its efficacy in the light of the four yearn which have intervened since federation. It -. was at least hoped that the undivided ef forts of the most experienced statesmen num euuii scape wouia correctly interpret the popular will, and embody in the legis lative form with the maximum despatoh, and at the minimum of expense. Instead of that the federation has been a d;sap f ointment to many, a disillusion to most, t is not merely that it has failed to rea lise _ the fanciful visions of the idealists ; for it has come to pass that the union has been fraught with many unexpected sacri fices and few compensating gains. We have witnessed the spectacle of an un scrupulous minority in Parliament resorting to every conceivable means to delay and aereat tne transaction or puDiic business. Members have deliberat-ey held up their own petty personal ambitions before the welfare of the new nation ; and by the ' scramble for office and emolument, the sot ting up and pulling down of Ministries, and the idle drivel which does duty for debate without haying any specific or suc cessful determination, they have exposed the Federal Legislature to the contempt and ridicule of a surprised world. Aus tralian history, up to date, has in fact been written in very bad characters — by characters equally bad from the utilitarian point of view. Ten months of oratory was apparently needed to settle four minor enaotments, not one of which will finally settle the question with which it purposes to deal..- What the Federal Parliament has cost Australia in hard cash can be easily reckoned. Its election twelve Tnnnt.lia fl.on o.nsk £EC\ f)f)O ?? while +.I10 nnla. 1 Ties of Ministers and members since then have reached another £50,000. In re» ' ? turn for this outlay we have had an abun ? dance of humiliation, 8300 pages of 'Han- sard,' endless motions, intrigues, caucuses and the whole gamut of political selfseek . ing. Then again the machinery of govern ment has . proved costly, cumbrous, and uncertain, lacking in those checks which should render the majority rule in Parlia* inent an accepted fact instead of an ela borate farce. Ministers, at the proroga tion, . suggested a means whereby Parlia '; ment could in future protect itself against the abuse of speech by Standing Orders. It remains to be seen how that suggestion will be handled when the Houses reassemble six months hence. W TS W *C -K Financial troubles are not the least dis quieting signs of the times at the end of the old year. Ever since the inauguration of the Commonwealth successive Ministries have shown an increasingly reckless disre gard to the States' financial interests and well-being. Ministers have talked of mil lions as if they possessed the inexhaustible purse of Fortunatus in their hands and had his wishing cap on their heads. Their one end and aim has been to complete the Federal edifice at all hazards, at all extra vagance, and to launch out into nonpro ductive expenditure in spite of all protest whether in Parliament or in the country. A Bush Capital, with the railways con necting it with the other capitals, was to absorb something like £13,000,000 sterling ; a Desert Railway was to necessitate a fur ther outlay of between £5,000,000 and £6,000,000, and when the project was block ed bjr the timely action of the Senate in refusing to sanction a survey outlay of eome thousands, there was a wild screech of probable secession. AH through the ohapter it has been mado more and more evident that each State federated for some . explicit and selfish motive. New South Wales federated to secure the ad vantage of the Federal capital; Queens land thought to be rid of its black labour trouble ; South Australia considered the oc casion opportune for saddling the young Commonwealth with the Northern Terri tory white elephant ; Tasmania joined the union in the nope of being made finan cially sound ; Victoria deemed the occa sion of federation a convenient chance to convert the Commonwealth to its own fis cal faith ; and finally, Westralia expressly insisted that a transcontinental railway should bo the price of its joining the union. Most of these fanciful m-ojects have fallen through, while they havo engendered much bitterness in ho doing ; and that bitterness has in no sent;e been moderated by the ' vulgar tactics of men who have been en- i trusted with the public weal in Parliament, j The financial muddle caused by, the tariff i foe? never been so manifest as during the - year that is gone. We have been compel led to witness thriving and extremely pro mising local industries crippled and finally shut down by reason of the operation of .the Fbderal Tariff. The Reid-M'Lean Coalition' has, it is true, appointed a Com mission to inquire and report concerning its operation, with a view to early amend ment; but there is everywhere an uneasy feeling that the Commission is a mere blind,' which will never effect any use ful purpose, and which is stamped with the hall-mark of political insincerity. . Then again, the 'book-keeping' clauses are per haps the most conspicuous jumble of con structive incapacity that any body of Con stitution-framers ever perpetrated. There is, as one authority puts it, no possibility ot adjusting the .finances of the States by any conceivabe uniform tariff, under the book-keeping system. All this was fore seen, and yet the framers of our 'monu- ment of legislative competency' scouted the counsel of those who bade them finish their business by the federation of debts and railways before hurrying to a prema ture conclusion The Commonwealth, it is said, can only carry on business by cir be regarded as the corollary of the book keeping system. We are now paying the penalty in the condition of universal unrest and insecurity; each State is becoming more deeply involved; and the foreign capitalist and creditor looks distrustfully at everything Australian. * * * » ?''?*# The year has been remarkable for what may perhaps, for want of a better term be defined as the rise of militant Socialism, in a sense, no doubt, 'we are all Socialists nowadays.' as His Majesty once remark ed ; and that is true in so far as each mem ber of society desires the uplifting of his fellow man,, socially, mentally, morally, unu pnysicauy. Jtmt when we examine the extraordinary gibberish and the utterly ir responsible and foolish speculative theories which have been made to do justice for socialism in Australia, it is safe to assume that we are very few of us Socialists. So cialism of the Tom Mann school, is the crazv vaoourinp-s nf n. fnna+.ir. ? /-.f /-.«« ,rri,~ s entitled to even less respect than that meted out to Lane nine years ago, and his i\ew Australia' communistic settlement n South America. And yet, owing largely to the extraordinary political indifferentism of Australians, and particularly the rural voters and workers, Mr. Mann has been enabled to make considerable headway in his propagandist campaign. His efforts as the organiser of the outside Labour organi sations and caucuses, have been backed up in the Federal Parliament by the caucus, ridden Labour-Socialists under the leader ship of Mr. Watson. That section actually assumed the reins of office, owing to the singular division of parties in the House; and for a while at least they were enabled to set at naught the established principles of popular government, by enforcing the washes of an organised class minority up on an unwilling majority throughout the Commonwealth. The boldest stroke at ex treme Socialistic experiment was unques tionably the Arbitration. Act— a statute which, in its final completed state, satisfies no one, and the principle of which may at any time be destroyed in an appeal to the High Court. But it has at least served to arouse the people of Australia from .thou raise sense of security. Political leagues and organisations are springing up in every tot ate, the avowed object of which is to combat and defeat the mischievous Socialis tic tendency of the day. Mr. Mann has cast down the gauntlet by declaring that the next Federal elections shall be fought on the issue 'Socialism or anti-Socialism, Labour or no Labour.' The people have taken up the challenge, and we may depend upon it that at the elections which will m all probability be held during the new year, the issue will be finally settled. Aus tralians may be apathetic up to a point; and there has been plenty of excuse for them in the nauseous and never-ending round of politics; but once they are arou sed to their true interests, Mr. Mann and his nebulous nonsense will receive as scant courtesy as that meted out to him by those ' Huiropean countries from which,' he boasts, 'I have had the honor to be ex pelled.' a « o o a Socialistic tendencies, and the abnormal power which an organised Labor class mi nority has secured during the past year, have not by any means served to enhance Australian credit with the British capital ist. The attempt to cripple the employer and capitalist by preference to unionists' clauses, by impossible conditions and hours and wages, added to the open threat of a Labor Prime Minister to confiscate the banks' reserves, have very seriously pre judiced us with home investors and finan c-.ers. Capital has been steadily withdrawn from our industries during the year; and it has neither boon replaced by other cap ital, nor yet have any funds been forth coming for opening up new industrial ven tures. The capitalist in short, will not look at anything Australian unless it is gilt- edged and particularly attractive and tempting. All this we owe to the curse of politics; the curse of seven legislative bodies— fourteen Houses, that is—with which our most unfortunate young Com monwealth, with its paltry population, is hag-uidden. Australia,, we know, could absorb money like a spongo, and every pen ny invested with us. would return to its owner multiplied an hundredfold. Our natural resources are limitless, and at present wo havo not even scratched the surface of our possible wealth; and vet, 'hanks to the disease of politics with which :he nation is so sorely afflicted our energies ire crippled, and our attraction begins to !ade. The re-acticpi, wo are assured* will spine. It may be fco j for when' bur working classes begin to realise how successfullj their self styled Labor 'leaders' have mis led them, and deprived them of the meant of earning a livelihood by driving away the capitalist it may be expected that they will dismiss those leaders from a position of trust and confidence which they were never competent to fulfil. It was said, when manhood suffrage was suggested, that it would 'vulgarise the Legislature' ; and the remark has been more than justi fied by the events which have happened. Any rancous voiced mob orator may uow adays convince the common herd of his alleged patriotic desire to further their in terests — and thereupon he is placed in Parliament, and receives £400 a year in order to enable him, to debase our legisla tive halls and hold them up to the con tempt of the world. We shall need to shape purer i'deals than this, and to cleanse the Legislature, whether Federal or State, of the vulgar, office-seeking herd which now disgrace it, before we can hope to take our stand as a progressive and self respecting community. o s ft « » The State Parliament affords an oppor tunity for more cheerful criticism. It has of course, done some things that it ought not to have done ; and it has certain ly left undone several most important things which it ought to have done. But, taken as a whole, the work of the State Legislature during the year has been satis factory and encouraging. As might have oeen expected, the composition of the Re formed Parliament has given the color and tone to the Ministerial policy. The- Bent Ministry was in fact a Liberal-Conservative Ministry — a curious paradoxical combina tion, but oue which, like many another pa radox, has worked out surprisingly well. Ministers came back from the country with a good working majority. They were faced by a, keen Opposition; but there has been a pleasing absence of wilful obstruction, ihe House has been fairly industrious, not nclined to excessive , chatter ; hence, the Premier has had everything in his favor in working out the Ministerial design. rhat design was based upon his measures ? the most far-reaching and beneficient that nave ever been laid before a State Parlia ment. The first was the Closer Settlement Bill, the second was the Water Bill. The two were really complimentary, and they 3OUeht to effentiiiatft f ho finvornmarf nnl.V upon which -Ministers were expressly re turned, of promoting rural and general in dustrial expansion. Unfortunately, how aver Mr. Bent is at best only a talker; he has not the instincts of a Statesman, though he has an amazing knack of trim aiing to meet every breeze He promised much ; he failed to meet his promises ; and n the result we have a Closer Settlement Act, robbed of its most vital compulsory principle; while, after a deal of idle and useless bombast, the Premier allowed the Water Bill to drop for the nonce at the bidding of a lackadaisical Upper House. The best that could be done was to secure the undertaking of Legislative Councillors fchat_ they would give the Water Bill first consideration when the Houses reassemble ; but it is scarcely surprising that the delay s looked upon with keen disappointment and even irritation by those who have the brains and „ the forethought to realise its .-ital and pressing importance. Two other measures may also be mentioned, as illus trating the vacillation of Victoria's 'great talker.' Those are the Food Adulteration 3ill and the Milk Supervision Bill. The Premier professed a deep interest in both ; ndeed he went so far as to declare that they should be completed even if he had fco eat his Christmas dinner in Parliament to enable him to reach finality. He said /ery truly that the people are being slowly poisoned by the dishonest trader, and that nfant mortality is seriously increased by :he tricks of the milk adulterator ; he could not well do otherwise in view of the Gov the bidding of a small section of members ??vho were anxious to be rid of Parliament ary worries and labor, and who subordinat 3d public health to their own conveniences, Air. Bent tamely submitted to the drop ping of these measures — and without a word of genuine regret or complaint. Little items such as these give us a fair astimate of the calibre of Victoria's Pre mier, and they enforce the lesson that only by a vigilant and vigorous public press and public opinion can he be kept up to the collar. * ? * » » Victoria has during the year that is ^one passed through experiences unique in its history. In every direction, productive industry has gone on consistently piling up 'records.' Record wheat yields, re sord butter output, and the like have amazed the British importer and merchant, while they have certainly astonished even ourselves. They have illustrated to the tullest extent our altogether exceptional recuperative powers : for in the few- years that have intervened since tha ravages of the pitiless drought almost, rained us, we mi ye risen to do one of the comparatively richest agricultural States in the world. We learnt hi stern adversity the lessons which wc- have since turned to such exoel ent account ; though much yet remains to be done. We can keep our prospects at high-water mark only by stimulating our great industries. Wo have noted the nhe nomenal progress of American agriculture and the combined influence of brains and scienoe. Wo know how France and Ger many havo legislated for the farming class and how in both oases the farmers have thrived as compared with the neglected husbandmen of other countries. Agricul ture in Victoria, too, must not be '.eft to take its chance, dying out under the blight of ineptitude and neglect. Irriga tion, closer settlement, a vigorous policy D'f encouraging suitable immigrants, the spelling up of ii'ew markets, increased rail 7 way and marketing facilities, and the \- highest expert knowledge and advice in 3 directing our farmers and producers-— ' these are some of the main essentials to ' our future development. We require to i see that the soil, the great storehouse of \- national wealth is utilised to the fullest , extent under the vigilant guidance of the , Department of Agriculture. Then ao-ain ; our dairying industry gives promise of ? enormous expansion under proper condi ' tlons-j- What those conditions must be has ? already been abundantly shown by the i disclosures before the Butter Commission ? and by the interim report which that body . has issued. But beyond the Commission's i suggestions, the shelter and care of our ? dairy hords, the adequate provision for ? todder during the periods of scarcity, and ? | the absolute necessity for placing a con i tuiuous supply of butter on the British market all uie year round, should engage tne attention of legislators dairymen and Government experts. Unfortunately we n?Ye.,never yet had a Government capable or aiding our dairy farmers as the Danish Government helps the Danish farmer; but Governments grow wise by experience and precept, and still wiser by turning that precept to practical account. * # » * » What has been said of agriculture -is equally true of mining. There are still in Victoria vast undeveloped auriferous areas and to these the Mines- Department should direct its energies. The present Minister of Mines has given great promise of businesslike ability; but to a large ex- - tent his efforts have thus far been crippled by the awful red- tapeism which still strangles all administrative attempts. The first essential to-day, as it has been for years past, is still the entire reorganisation of the department itself. We want a live energetic and highly skilled mining en gineer as Director of Mines— just as we have our Director of Education and Aeri fy v£ .resPeotively— responsible only to the Minister and to Parliament, with a sufficiently large staff of qualified minino experts to assist in the conduct of the de' ' I partment. The rule of the clerical head i must finally cease and determine. The i dissipation of small sums of money to assist private companies and prospectors must cease. The mining laws still need to be more completely overhauled and intelli gently codified. The conditions of minina: must also be improved; while new effort must be directed to opening up and work ing new areas. The southern extensions of the rich reefs of Bendigo lay undisturbed tor years until private enterprise was mov f j° aLd m their development. In Gipps iand there are, we are assured, still un told possibilities, and the same remark applies to Ballarat, Bendigo, Maryboro Castlemaine and other equally productive districts in the State. A mining depart ment with a policy worthy of the name should bend all its energies in the direc tions we have briefly outlined; it should endeavour to forestall the results wfrch flow from private enterprise, t'o materially increase the gold yield, and to place our 1 greeat industry well on the high road to i an abiding and increasing prosperity. ' 1 There is at least renson to believe that the I present Minister of Mines is alive- to all -I these responsibilities, and the mining com-- 1 irinmty therefore enters upon the nw year - I with high hopes for the future. ' y § Looking, then, at Federal and State matters past, present and to come the disappointments and humiliations which have resulted from Federation are in 'arge measure compensated by the bright future prospects of the State. The national fu ture is by no means a dark one ; we have doubtless married in haste, and must re pent at leisure; but there is abundant reason why our repentance should prove one or the most beneficient processes in 'the building up of this young Commonwealth. We are only at the start of our career, with all our aims, ideals, and history still in the shaping; our political mumps and measles of the Commonwealth : and it must rest ivith ourselves to turn our past mis tortunes to the best practical account in the future. With the great natural re sources which lie undeveloped all around us, and with a Legislature, whether Feder al or State, which can rise to the level of our industrial needs there are solid reasons that this country has not touched even the fringe of its possible opulence. We may. in short, liken Australia to a healthy boy, abed one day and aglow with vitality and youthful spirits the next, and if all anticipations should be realised, wholly or even m part, the future certainly holds for us a precious chalice filled to the brim with healing balm for all ills. Statistics show that influenza, pneumonia. ? and bronchitis have been very prevalent in London during the year. The number of deaths due to these diseases show a large in- ? crease compared with that recorded in 1903. 