"IE IMMIGRATION QUESTION ATTITUDE OF PERTH CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. METHODS OF ADVERTISING SUGGESTED. ASSISTED IMMIGRATION. The following letter has been sent to the Premier by the Perth Chamber of Commerce : "Sir,-I have the honour, by direction, to ask your favourable consideration to /the following remarks respecting the im portant subject of augmenting the liopu lation of Western Australia by immigra tion from abroad. "In a State of such vast extent and varied resources as this is, the clamant peed for increased man-power with which to settle the land and develop its re sounces is being uaily pressed in a most forcible manner upon the public notice. The attractions of one State may for a uime draw population from other States in the Commonwealth, but this does not benefit or strengthen the Commonwealth as a whole, and it is necessary, therefore, to look to Great Britain and the coun tries of the Old World for a supply of the labour which is required. '"It is becoming more and more appar ent that serious attention must be given to the question of immigration, and to the best methods by which intending emi grants from the old lands may be made acquainted with the opportunities which Western Australia offers to industrious an,! thrifty men and women who wish to imp-ove their positions in life. "With this object in view, I am to sub mit to you the following suggestions for your consideration: - Advertising and Organisation. "It is essential, if the advantages of the State are to be brought more fully under the attention of the people whom we wish to attract, that provision should be made on the Estimates for carrying out a judicious and carefully- conducted system of advertising in Great Britain ulnd ekewhere. Canada has adopted a vigorous policy of advertising in Great :Britain, with the result that the tide of emigration of suitable people has set in towards Canada, which must be of the greatest benefit to the Dominion. With rome such effort on our part, it is felt that some of this tide of emigration might be directed to Australia, and es pecially to Western Australia, the first place of call in the 'Commonwealth. "In organising such a scheme of adver tising the State, the first essential would bhe thie appointment of an advertising ex pert in connection with the Agent-Gene ral's Office in London. He should be a man of sound commercial training, with a fairly ride knowledge of Australian in dustries ad general development, and should act as an advertising assistant. to the Agent-General. "Thei office of the Agent-General in London should be not necessarily in the city proper, but certainly in some centre of crnumercial activity. The agency should possess facilities for making at tractive displays of Western Australian products, and be conducted in all respects as a bureau of information for intending eiaugraaits. "One very important matter In con nettion with the organisation of the Lon 'lln office was brought before the Cham ber by ,Mr. R. McClure, our present pre Eiluhat. ou his return from Europe. He mentioned that there were officials there who had- not been in Western Australia for years, anct were not personally in formed as to the immense strides which had breen made here: He expressed tle opinion that there should be a periodical interchange of officers between Perth and London, so that officers with the latest information from the country should be availible to give the public the latest andr -fullent parti :ulars desired. "As to the method of advertising, I am to make the following suggestions, which, the Chamber thinks, are deserving of your consideration : A Weekly Circular should be printed in London and distri buted free to Stock Exchanges and Bourses in Great Britain and on the Con tinent, and also to financial institutions, c:ibs, leading hotels, and capitalists. Thi: circular should contain the very latest news in financial, mining, and agri cultural matters; a precis of new legisla tion, and a compendious review of al matters that are calculated to place the State before the people in the most at tractive way. This it is felt-if pro perly compiled and edited-would do much to largely dispel the feeling of un certainty which at present prevails in London and on the Continent with refer ence to the investment of capital in Wes tern Australia. The cost of issuing such a circular might be defrayed, or parti ally so. by advertisements from shipping enlpanies, financial institutiocs, and coa.panies and firms w-ho are interested in the State. "Attractive maps of Wetaern Austra lia, such as have recently been issued by Tht Laids Department, should be issued and liunig up in th. leading hotels and clubs throughout Great Britain and the Continent. Upon these maps 'the min ing. a?ricultural. and pastoral districts should be marked. and the areas available for occupation should be given, and in formation supplied as to rainfall, tenm perature, etc. These maps should prove an excellent advertisoment for the State. Illustrated Booklets should also he issued from time to time. They should hae a map of the State, and should also contsan views of Perth, Fre mantle, Kalgoorlie, and other of the large towns in Western Australia; and, it possible. vies's also of farms, sheep, cattle, orchards, vineyards, etc. Statis :,rs should also be supplied of the agri cultural and nastoral industries, showing the amount of cereals, wool, fruit, wine, dtiiry produce. timber, coal, and minerals anid lect .ls proiuced: analyses of soils, area under cultivation or settlement, so that people may .-asily see the character iof the country to which they are invited t, conle, '"tLo1 pamphlet should also give a re suin:c' of the land laws, showing the areas opI.n for selection, and the terms upon Httich land may be obtained. lrrangelnents ought to be made for the ditribuiion of these pamphlets to tii., farin'rs' associations in Great Bri rant. a;'d translations of the pamphlets tihould hib issued amongst the rural popu I::tions of the Continent. The distribu tion of these pamphlets should he fol loIweul-after the interest of intending imn:titgrarts hlas been aroused-by illus rralt.d lectures, with lantern or bio fsetic views, so that polple may be in It reted in tile actu::l contditions of the a!;, tc whichl they arte invited to mi p:r:::,'. a"'d he encouraged to ask ques t,,! i antd he supllied with all posjsible ini il' in.atlln . Hkl;;. again the effort should be to nt a.. t hise p:aiphlets remutnerative by a'iv';"t is:',iO.ntis roeu shipping colupatiies. oi., would give particulars of their ves .,.s t::.ding to Australia, and by firmns w-o> -i fitied to atlvertisa their goods for . i :i; *highly deirb:lhe, also, that full an:le i.agnc :luld be taken of the ,gri.ltiturail Colleges in t;reat iritaini to adtertise the State. 'to rl,,n clleg's the :s.ts of nell-ro-do f:: '. ll 1- :1;l,'I i1? 1?e a- r:. : nt, l t1 1 i i grill ita l::-i?:It. ~, , I 'f i._ , tural, pm -tnal.t na d " i'lt pu i" , , b:}1.e r. the'V" leave E!i;zl:,tul tc l: ,, u1r t, ' ii t ph r part.- ot the ,: 'I ! hi. It ,. ;+-: nt peop!e whomir I ,in m, .l.t r , "!l'ti: e to atlract, iD' .i.in h "1 tel r ,' 1 nti , t`!(:e c(ommand of,1 It ri' ,at hI h t i "fi t"'f t iollf. I am th fli ,: ia' r t 'he' 1 he I ( atnadil a,(l N:-: Z:ala' l ha,. .,ie 'teded in attract i , ": , f1111I! ] ti'' ' f it illilllteri lt , w ho arp 1 ,lipro n ,lle'n!;'tt ci[oliu.t-. and are) t,!'ln i .rrntl: i 1n ihie prodiretive re 31 r.:erai Resources. 'With r vice to bring the mineral resources of Western Australia directly under the notice of investors, some spe cial efforts should be made. At present it is understood the Government sub scribes to a large number of copies of the 'British Australasian' and other jour. nals which give the latest information as to the production of our mines. These copies should be widely distributed amongst exchanges, financial institu tions, and capitalists, whose attention should be called thereto by a suitable circular briefly summarising the salient points in the statistics. "At the Agency or State Bureau of Information there should be on view samples of our metals and minerals, with certified assays thereof, and the in vesting public should be kept constantly advised of the latest developments in the mines by pamphlets and circulars issued by the bureau to those who may be interested. "Another direction in which the Go vernment may show commendable enter prise would be by organising.a systema tic and lightly-equipped Travelling Exhibition, by which the products of the State and photographic or bicecopic views of its industries and people could be shown in various parts of the Unifed Kingdom. "These are some of the suggestions which the Chamber desires me to make with a view to bring more prominent ly before people inl Europe what West ern Australia has to offer in the way of investment for money and in the way of providing profitable employment to those who desire to improve their circum st ances. "To carry out such a scheme will, of course, involve some expense, but my Chamber desires me to say that its opinion is that the time has come when a more vigorous and systematic plan of advertising the State should be adopt ed, and to do this money will be want ed, but it is hoped that the money would yield an ample return if it help ed to turn the tide of emigration .to Australia, and especially to this part of the Commonwealth Assisted Emigration. "Another important matter for the Government to consider is the question of giving some assistance to intending emigrants to tmrn their thoughts to Australia. To a large number of the rural population of Great Britain the cost of passages and outfit. etc., would prove prohibitive, and it will be neces sary for the Government to meet their case by adopting a well- devised scheme of assisted immigration. "As you have already in public ad dresses announced the intention of the Government to give serious considera tion to a well-devised system of immigra tion, I am desired to make the suerrs tion that to ensure the success of any such scheme some amount of assistance :rial labourers and their families is tial. I must offer an apology for writing at so much length to you, but the subject is an important one, and, as the re sources of the State are languishing from lack of population, it is the opinion of the Chamber that the best considera tion of the Government and its officers should be given to the" means that are most likely to prove effective in aug menting the population from fields in the old world which are being largely and successfully exploited by other pro vinces of the great British Empire. With a view to assist the Government in its consideration of this great and im portant subject, I am instructed very respectfully to offer th'e above sugges tions.-Yours, etc.. "JNO. FAIRFAX CONIGRAVE, "Secretary." CORRESPONDENTS' VIEWS. To the Editor. Sir,-As a resident of this State .of many years' standing, and also of the larger States in the East, I most em phatically enter my protest against people being brought here at Govern ment expense in the face of so many good and able men being out of employ ment both on the fields and in Perth. It is all very well for inexperienced legislators to talk of bringing immi grants from Germany and England and settling them on the land. It reads very nicely on paper, but where is the money to come from? Instead of spend ing money on immigration, I propose that the Government should render every assistance in reason to help the unemployed of this State on to the land in such a way that they will be likely to settle on it for good. The Forrest Go vernment acted wisely in giving the people a liberal Land Act. Nobody knows the resources of this country bet ter than Sir John, and, in view of its being sandy and patchy, and more sandy than patchy, and in many places dense Iv timbered, the Act was made liberal. The Agricultural Bank is doing a great work here, and has helped many a struig chlina farmer to tide over his difficeulties. (0f course, this institution owes its suc cess to the able imanagement of Mir. Paterson.) What should be done is to assist the unemployed to settle on the land, and not to aggravate the sore by bringing people here.-Yours, etc., ANTI-IMMIGRATION. Perth, December 15. Tn th1 Erlitir_ Sir,-Just now, as the subject of im migration is in the air, it would not, perhaps, be amiss to have a woman's view on the matter. Of all the speeches and letters in the columns of the "West Australian," that of Mr. Wallace Nel son is, to my way of thinking, nearest to the root of the whole matter. He says that populatian cannot produce pro sperity, but that prosperity has a natur ral tendency to produce population. Prosperity supplies a double incentive, which can be acted upon without State aid. In the first place, mothers and fathers whose great question in life is the one of ways and means would, if! prosperity were assured, cease to limit the size of their families. Then, again, prosperity would of itself draw as as a magnet workers from all parts of the civdiised world. Let the State aid every prospector: make it remu nerative to every mlan who discovers any natural resource; assist cevery cultivator of the soil, and the whole thing would work, a wheel withiln a wheel. In addition to that. there should be a hieh-mindedness among our legislators. There should be no uncertain sound where justice is con cerned. Our Parliament should make a name for itself that it will not lend it self to any money-mal:ing device or any action which would show that any mat ter of public interest or welfare was al lowed to be thrown aside for the per sonal aggrandisement of any one of its members. But for all the State aid that is re quired money is wanted, and it is ilppos .;ible to" do that without outside help. 'A hat can he raised from the present population of 230,000. just the popula tiont ,i o,:e town at honme I tlhink the uninmproved land tax will bhe a great benefit to the country in several ways. The Premier must look up the assets bf the country. and, if lie has good. sound securities to , fer he can borrow money ad lib fromn England or anywhere else. Some people. saueccst crowing our owni cotton and mlan'Ifacturiune our own eo:ds, but even with the priesent duty on goods the Australian manufacturer could not compete wtith the home manufacturer, tor the sunple reason that rlhoicsale ,veurs of cotton goods in the colonies are able, owing to the tact that Austira li: is at the Anptiodes. to buy for cash fr:nu tim English man!ufacturer :cearly Saltsay blow nmauniacturer. cost. and that at hernii is ver, little. ouinmg to the cheianes, of labour. both inl the roIlinm of the cott;..i ii America and the manuiacture in England. Tiie rea son of their being al;e to buy so chcap:v is ' l. (um111 ýllusria hbuyers hut at the close of the h I.?c'lis'i sao:l, , whtt m all Ia:iufacturcrs and mwlmolesale £rilus are glad to elar n:t :t. any price to make room for winter steelks. So t!:he it would nh ol pay. espeianlly as Australian labour is so high, and if cotton factories siere started no mnanlfailcturer couli! Ot, ploy any cotton Gporator Irouglht olut from England under contract. We nu:ust look to the great mineral resources of Western Australia as the backbone of our wealth, and all'pioneers and pro spectors should be assisted in every. pos sible way.-Yours, etc., A WOMAN VOTER. Leederville, December 15. To the Editor. Sir,-Regarding this new immigration scheme, so much talked about by Mr. C. J. Moran, M.L.A., might I suggest that there is really no necessity for it, at present anyhow. The late Minister for Lands (Mr. Hopkins), in November of last year, brought forward his pet scheme for introducing immigrants to this State, -by means of giving a bonus to religious denominations for every immigrant they landed here and kept on their selection for six months; but it certainly could not have Iben very popular, as I have not heard of anybody coming out here under the wing of the Salvation Army or any other religious body. Mr. lloran's idea merits the same fate, for as long as we have strone and able men in our midst unemployed through no fault of their own, and whom the State -cannot satisfactorily settle on.the land, it is useless to talk about fetching a lot-more out here to still further swamp the labour market. It may be said that "the Government will only fetch out agriculturists," but, again, there is no necessity for it, as there are plenty of good men in this State alone who are skilled agri culturists and have a few pounds put by, but hesitate to launch forth on the land, as it is so difficult to get laid on to any decent land. On inquiry, one is bandied about from agent to land guide, and then is shown sonm worthless land, until at last, weary, out of pocket, and disgusted, the would-be selector takes himself back to the fields again, and the country loses one more of the sort of men required. Let the Government, if it really does intend to try and settle peonle on the land. make a start with the men already within the borders of its State. When this supply is exhaust ed, try the other States, and lastly, it still more are required, exploit the old world; but it is my firm belief that to fetch an agriculturist from one of the countries of the Old World would be to court failure. It would be cruelty to fetch farmers out here and then plant them, say, on the Great Southern lands of this State. This land is all right, .but the conditions of farming it are so utter ly dissimilar to what he has been used to that without a lot of capital to fall back on he would be completely lost. On the other hand, plant an AustraliAn or a man who has lived in Australia c, few years, on a block of ground he is at home at once, and if at all energetic, he-would soon be as big a success as the new chum from the Old Country was a failure. This scheme appears to be just a move on Mr. Moran's part to introduce cheap labour, for, undoubtedly, that is what it would mean in the long run, this iii undating the State with immigrant.. The farmers already here would have nc. difficulty in finding good and able men to work on their farms were they to offer a fair wage and decent accommoda tion, so it is useless for them to cry out. for more agricultural labourers to be imported, as they were doing this limi last year. There are plenty of men ob tainable, right here in this State, fob all requirements in the land line foi some time to come-no necessity to go abroad for them. How glibly M? Moran announces that it would be worth while to spend £25f.0DO o n this scheme! Let this be spent in placing some of the deserving unemployed on the 'land, and, if necessary. keepint, them there until the land begins to fetch in returns. I don't mean with thb aid of the Agricultural Bank and its red tape system, for I personally know ons unfortunate settler who failed on his so, lection solely because twelve months elapsed between his application for as sistance and the time he received it from them. A different means could surely be devised of assisting our hardy settlers. But, above all, make it easy in everv way- possible for a man to go and look for land. Let him know exactly when. to go and how to get there. If he find.s a suitable block, place him and hlis family, if he has one, on it free of cost and assist him in his hard battle of sub. dning Nature. for have we not here. ready to hand, one of the, new settlers that Mr. Moran is talking about ? Then, I say, -ive him a helping hand and as long as he proves himself a good worker it would pay the Government to assist to keep him on the land, if he ever ru quiired it. Hundreds of men could be heloed on to the land in this manner. men- with a little means, who naturally, seeing they have a family dependent-on them, firght shy of trusting their little all in one venture: whereas, if they knew for ,a fact that the State would do its utmost to keep an energetic set tier on the land when once he was set tied there,. they would not hesitate in the least. Int w ould rush the land, and the majority of them would succeed. I have no doubt. in making something more than a living oatt of it. Until the unemployed agricultnristt and labourers in th;. State and the rest of the Commonwealth have been satis ifactorily settled on the land here, it is idle to talk so ridieulously of snending a quarter of a million of money in fetch in"- immigrrants from abrond. If these folks like to come out at their own ex pens' and take their luck with the rest of u11. they re hea rtily weiconoe, beut, I am afraid, not otherwi-.se.-Y.",,r?. etc., SELECTOR. Albany, December 15. To the Editor. Sir,-I believe it is contemplated that a lecturer or lceturess shall be sent to Europe to advertise the great natural possibitities of this vast State. No thine could be better, and I for one would be glad to see a larce influx of de sirable immingrants, of whom there are thousands only waiting for an opportun itv to better their condition. At the same time, in all honesty, any lecturer who may be sent shoulld he instructed to Give both sides of the question. He may dilate truthfully upon the fruitful ness of the soil, the wonderful oppor tunities to the vegetable and fruit grower. but, on the dther hand. lhe should honestly warn his hearers that Western Anstralia is a law-ridden coun try: that he may grow as much fruit or rvoeePh, s as lihe likes. but that. owing to the limitations nlaced on the sale therenf. he cnn find no market for it. He may ho willing to work, but must not do so except under certain condi tions, under nain of fine or imprison mont. If hie he a shonkeeper, lie most not open 1his door before 8 a.nm., and must close it at 6 n.m. That. although we willin.lv ?i'-e him land to settle upon it is in contemplation to so licence and tax his land that it will barely pay the rlst of the labour be exnends upon it. Further, to the man seeking employment he should say there are hundreIds of em nlovers ready and willin- to emnplorex tra shifts of lhads, but. owin? to the rii~ie of o:lr rulers to meddle with c-thers' husins:;s, the?, employers must shut un shop at 6 o''oerk. and cannot. therefore, find work for the hands they now employ.-Yours. etc.. FIAT JUSTITIA. Perth. December 1. ST. To the Edlitor Sir.-I noteo in to-day's "West Aus tralian" a Itter re! ting to iimmigra !ion, cuand the writer of it. whol si.ns hints lf "',u nstral!in." i, not merely np pos:ed to our iimportin r" th, r ngl :i.h aari,,llit!al eiituenut hut a-ls? that we :hould "'i -'le the o-ph,I we hicave-find work for t'e niiiinnly, dl in our inidit lbfore -peu;ldin' ::,0. , noncy towards hr;,,ing u lj n ona'or There i- nothing now, Sir. in this. advice. We are alwnys havine hiihrled at us, and it a! way-s 1ier tn a c'rlon r-.rcohlairne tn a ?chapel; 's i I: (aS mitnd.. It iý sup )c=:1l t, , h., ,i;c',. lint. for all tihet partt l1i- sn a-t i t- I"'!.:, it midf lid rli,'-lhan d." ti. tlo I + o' w - e lve! I Vh,'v iertaninls' if i' i p-li-sih, -hb t is it ? On~r !'nd lIws {i., + ,-ir,, ... are ,.a:d t h .?anni tihe ,on! lilhrrl itn the Imln;rie. Wý e tr:.' f- ot:r": .;ad fnard!ts, ar we s'oll ,-ond no- 1,.ny tori'nt of pny merat-it mihllt almost be s"'r! the hire pnrclhase sstenm--and iin return we only ask for such an amount of improve-: ments as shall guarantee good faith in prelerence to "dummwyisin." Not only that, we have a state Agricultural Bank, which readily gives assistance to farmers to enable them to cultivate the land. These and other advantages we have given them; and what do we find in return ? That the great bulk of the new settlers who have been the result of these is not drawn from the native- born Western Australian, or the persons who have been so long here as to become Western Australians by domicile, but that it is drawn from those who have conime round from the East, attraeted by those advantages I have enumerated, and thrown themselves heart and soul into the work of pioneer settlement. In a very large proportion of cases the in ducements which proved sufficient to draw our Eastern brothers hither have not proved strong enough to induce our local brethren to go on the land. I am well aware that we have not spoon-fed our future settlers as Canada does. We have not cleared the land, or built them houses, or supplied them with tools, or conveyed them free of cldrge on to the land, and so forth, but it must be re membered that we are only a people numbering a.quarter of a million, where as, in an article I read some time back in an English magazine, it was shown that the Canadian population was con siderably large: than that before the Dominion went in for such wholesale encourageme'nt as it gives now, and, therefore, was in a better position to do so than we are, at any rate with our pre sent means of raising money. Then, again, "Austaliian" says, "Find work for the unemployed in our midst before spending useless money towards bringing along others." This is one of those cries that sound very well. But. supposing that by increasing our settle ment, we can increase the demand for those public works which form the na tural outcomle of increased settlement railways here, bridges there, roads some where else, and all the other undert'tk ings rendered necessary by larger settle ment. Surely that is providing work for the unemployed! Besides, it must be remembered that for years we, a small people. have been finding work for our unemployed. It is only of a small peroentage of workers, unemployed and emnloyed, at the present time, that it could be said they were not led to come here by the system of public works and the ventures of private enterprise di rectly resulting from the prosperous conditions which sprang into existence during the last ten or twelve years, and we cannot go on like this year in and year out. Almost every boat brings us additional population from the East, wanting something to do, and it is out side the bounds of possibility for West ern Australia to supply all unemployed Australia with work. The great fault of such writers as "Australian" is their indulgence in nebulous advice. Instead of getting at onoe to practical suggestions--instead of pointing to a course and explaining the method of following it--they merely echo each other's vague recommenda tions It has often struck me with as tonishment that mu.ny of our politi cians, and especially the Labour Party, should devote so much of their time to claiming that plenty of revenue for their projects could be derived from such sources of taxation as incomes and un improved lands, when, at the same time. they shut their eyes to a source of reve nue richer than either of these, and lying, so to speak, at their back doors. For years now, whenever the op portunity presented itself, I have point ed to our goldfields as providing a dis tinct source of revenue in the shape of State gold nmines. The Labour Party claims-indeed, almost every professor of democracy does the same- that fat dividends from gold won go.to the share holders in mining companies. The same class of politicians are full of schemes for ameliorating the condition of the masses, and for promoting the prospe rity of t~he State. Yet that class wil fully and persistently closes its eyes to the fact that we have some of the rich est gold-bearing country in the world; that the State could work some of that country for the good of the State, with out competing against -private enter prise, for the simple reason that sold is of standard value: that there is noth ing to prevent the State raising its own gold and, minting it into sovereigns; that with such a source' of revenue we could provide for old-age pensions, for necessary public works, for clearing land for settlement, and, by various other moans, too, encourage people to go on the land. Indeed, had we remained outside the Federation, and thus re tained our powers of taxation, I should have said. I see no reason why we should not abolish. Customs taxation, and de pand for revenue on 'old, ras;ed and minted by the State.--Yours, etc.. PAUL. Perth, December 17. To the Editor. Sir,-Though I am myself not an Australian, nor yet an Ingllshinan, I have Australia's welfare at heart as much as if 1 were either, and, for that reason, $ilshl to express my sympathy with Mr. Moran's scheme, which is not so wide of the miark as most of your cor responde-nts have intimated. In all pro bability, most of those who happen to read this will say, "Oh, yes, you uphold Mr. Moran's views because you are an alien and wish to assist your fellow countrymen to get concessions and pro bably the pick of the land before it is I C·t-c.n aln ),r ashulre 1 Tf ;e wann mur .·rrch to cast ii slur on the Australian people; far from it, for I am a naturalised Aus tralian, and ani proud to be able to call myself an Australiari; but, though Aus tralians are, as a rule, a broadminded people, there exists an undercurrent of jealousy as regards encouraging other nationalities to come to Australia and niake their homes here. And why ? Does not nopulation of the right stamp mean wealth to this country, as it lhas proved itself in other countries? Then, why fight against instead of encouraging the influx of desirable immigrants? Take thi. United States of America for an example, one of the most prosperous countries. if not the most prosperous country, in the world, and its population is the most minced in the world. Let us look about us in our own country, and take South Australia and Queensland for an example. The most flourishing agricultural-districts in these two coun tries are those where you will find a mixed population. "' uality" is Ame rica's motto and, judgni by results, I tl' ak that Australia could not adopt a better crie. To assist immigration to Australia it is hardly neeossary to adopt such expetl sire means as Mr. Moran advocates, viz., assi ati ng"would-be. imnigrants' peenniarily. for such iiummigrants would nhrdly be desirahbl, no miatter what na tioaniity. But. if 1 may take the li berty of suggesting a very much cheap er, yet a more effective, method of achiiv.nna the desired result, it is as fol lows:-First of all, permit me to im preCs- upon your readers that I nan not hunting for a probable billet for myself, for i ai only 23 years old; consequent Iv. far too young for such a task as given elow. But let the Government. of Western Australia appoint a German and a Dane as lecturers and advertisers, for such people would carry more weight in their own respective countries and instil more confidence than E?nglishmen, an:d, consequcntliy. create a more satis factory result. But those lecturers or adverti:'rs', nwhatecer you nmay termi them. must be carefully chosen. It goes without -aying that they need to be hihlily intellizgent Ien : but they have Io pcs ~ 's olher qiualiiications farll more imunprtant. They ininit he pIactical far Ilers, who liav-e niade their wily il Aus tralia and. consetcue"nily. know exarmtly what they are talking about. Acain, they mui.st be men of force' of character; mein who:,e lecture,; would hold the at tention of an audience riveted, and. in I ,nc nd. leave "a deep-rooted desire in thie l:t tr'si minds in come to Australia i? tr-- their lick. Thle mluist .lco know the dilliculties iunicr which theme people i whom' they are i'lrlulcile to coame to Australia are aining their daly bread : tlihen it is nmore likely that the nail will h. rlr'iven home at the proper niolnent. Silch a scheme would not cost more than from £15.0100 in £-20.000. suread over a term uf frur yoers, which should he ample time to advertise 'M't.erns a'.stralia in every country fronii where 'desirable imm;grants might be drawn. I know the circumstances of German as :well as Danish farmers, having 5erlvs my apprenticeship partly in one and partly in the other of'the two countries. Farming is a "profession" there-not merely an occupation. And I also know those of the Australian farnier. There are thousands of German and Danish families, who are practical farmers. without sufficient means to buy the land which they are at present renting, for it costs a mint of money to buy a farm in the old country, but who still have sufficient to come out here and start farming on a sound footing, and would do so if it were thoroughly ex plained to them what our facilities are. And those are the peopLe we want, for, though their methods are more compli cated than those prevailing in Austra lia, yet they .are more - lucrative. A German farmer gets as much out of an acre of land as an Australian, though the farmer has the nsa of his land for only eight months out of the twelve. Australian history shows that such im migrants have proved themselves a valuable addition to the Australian na tion. Anyone who has travelled through Australia as I have, and has come in direct contact ,with the German and Danish farmers, both in Queensland and South Australia, must admit that these people have grown to be a part of the Australian nation, for a more loyal people it would be hard to find. Are they. after all, then, so undesir able? They have shown the native-born Australian what can be accomplished by persevering. They have taken up land that had been previously passed by Australians as no good. Not only land that had been condemned by Austra lians. but these "aliens" took up farms which the farmer failed to make a suc cess of. And on these farms they have established happy and' flourishing homes. Instances are the Lower Downs, in Queensland. between Murohy's Creek and Ilswich: the Crow's Nest district, and the Bismarck Settlement. in Tas mania: the Puhoi district, in New Zea land: and scores of others. I am not condemnins the Australian farmer as usy e+c.: that would be unjust. I have found him to be a very hardworking in dividual. No, it is not himself I find fault with it is his methods of farming. Times and prices for wheat are not the same in Australia now as they were years ago. Instead of growing wheat, wheat. and nothin, bnut wheat, let him go in for mixed farming. economical mixed farming. And let him conv the methods of the German and Danish' farmer. whose experienre has reduced mixed farinin to. I could almost say. a fine art, and if lie does, he will flourish iust as well as they. Tf would take no too much of your valuable sn.ee to gi to further details and explain why encouragement of im mi;ration. such as Mr. Moran adve ates. would he beneficial to Western Anstralia. Tnh*+ it has nroverl itself an in the other Sttes. Then wh'- should W"tern Ausfralna he an eeeon+ion? It takes more ingredients t.h"n flnnr and "'ater to turn out a good pudding. Y~.o-ur.. ate.. - DANE ?3V ITTT, ATO RALIAN FTpRM C(.OICE. Perth. December 15. 