NEWS AND) NOTES. Railway Inquiry.-With reference to the inquiry which is proceeding at Kal goohlie into certain charges which have been made in connection with the freight on firewood charged by the Railway De partment against the W.A. Goldfields Firewood Company the telegram in yes terday's issue was defective on the point of fullness It shouldl be, therefore, stated at once that the inquiry refers to matters several years old, and that in no respect have these charges anything to do with the present management of the W.A. Goldfields Firewood Company. So far as the facts of the inquiry have transpired, there is no charge of any kind relating to the authorities of the Company now in office. "Western Mail."-In addition to the illustrations dealing with recent agricul tural shows, the pictorial portion of the "Western Mail" contains a portrait of Mr. H. Brown. M.L.A., whose election for the third time as Mayor of Perth is in dispute, and a series of views show ing the new tramway extensions in the city and suburbs. There are also views of Queen's Gardens, looking towards the river, a group of Crimean veterans at Adelaide, and sporting illustrations. Much interest attaches to the second of a series of articles on the aborigines of Australia, by Mr. Charles White, the well-known writer. The farming col umns contain some valuable informa tion, and include an article dealing with the "vaccination" of the soil, as practised for leguminous crops in the United States. The ladies', children's, and sporting columns of the issue are well supplied. Melville Road Board.-The monthly meeting of this Board was held at Bicton on the 17th inst. Present: The Chair man. Mr. Jas. McKimmie, and Messrs. Buzacott, Barclay. Gordon, Higgs, and Simpson. The secretary's report stated, inter alia., that the work of reconstruct ing Canning-road had ceased, and the clearing of Butler-road was in progress. Considerable discussion ensued upon the question of the person to be rated for Swan Loc. 73, and the previous decision of the Board, to rate the owners, was ad hered to. A motion to submit the whole question to a solicitor for an opinion was defeated by the chairman's casting vote. The matter of fencing the Fremantle to Bull's Creek road was again under dis cussion. It was finally decided that the Chairman and Mr. Barclay should inter view the owner affected, with a view to a compromise, and to report at next meeting. Several other matters of min or importance were disposed of, and ac counts amounting to £80 1.5s. 9d. wefre passed for payment. The secretary was instructed to insert an advertisement in the "West Australian" newspaper, ad vising ratepayers when and where rates could be paid, and that r.oceedings would follow non-payment. The secre- di tary was directed to push on with H clearing Butler-road, and on its comple- th tion to commence the clearing of ' ad- in dell-road, Bicton. Subsequent to the hi Road Board meeting, a meeting of the an Health Board was held. It was decided a to levy a rate of one penny in the pound no on the ratable value of the ratable pro perty in the district. A sub-committee, of consisting of Messrs. MeKimmie, Higgs, and Simpson, was appointed to draw up R by-laws and submit to the next meeting d: of the Board. Bank and Broker.-In the Full Court W yesterday, before the Acting Chief Jus- in tice. Mr. Justice McMillan, and Mr. C Justice Burnside, argument was con- al tinned in an appeal by the Western Aus- t1 tralian Bank against the decision of the to lower Court in an action brought against p: them by A. H. Croft, a sharebroker. Be fore Mr. Commissioner Roe and a jury, in the Kalgoorlie Circuit Court, in July w last, Crofthad sued the bank to recover cc £7,000 damages for injury alleged to have been caused to his credit by a delay Al in despatching a certain cable message to in London. Judgment was entered for the in plaintiff for the amount of £2.018. ti Against this decision the defendant bank ca appealed. Mr. S. Burt. K.C., with him Mr. Pilkington. appeared for the appel lant, and Mr. R. S. Haynes, K.C., with him Mr. A. D. Stone, for the respondent. Vi Argument had not concluded when the tr Court adjourned to 10.30 a.m. to-day. r Agricnlture.-The statistical abstract for October contains some preliminary al statistics dealing with the season 1904-5. It is estimated tat there will be 166,028 b acres under wheat (as against 137,946 ce acres in February last), 15,338 acres un- la der oeats (as against 14,568 acres), and 112.010 acres under hay of all kinds (as cl against 109,002 acres). il Probates and Administrations.-The p following probates and administrations ix were issued from the Supreme Court L during the past week :-Probates: John a Sydney Crabbe late of Subiaco, gentle- h man, to Laura Crabbe, sworn value £300. cl Letters of administration with the will et annexed: Patrick McMahon, also known bh as Patrick Joseph McMahon, late of a Perth, mining agent, to Ada McMahon, of £;0. C Alarm of Fire.-Early yesterday morn ing the Metropolitan Fire Brigade turn ed out. in response to a summons from West Perth. It was found that some rubbish in a woodyard. situated. at the c corner of Lake and Bulwer streets, was on fire. The flames were extinguished s before any damage was done. Alleged Theft of Ale.-Yesterday evening a man named Frank Hayes was arrested by Plain-clothes' Constable t Pierce, on a charge of having stolen 43 a bottles of English ale, the property of c Harry Keesing, wine and spirit mer chant, of Perth. h Eureka Stockade Celebration. - Dur- c ing the week members of the general n comnmittee of the Eureka Stockade cele- I bration have been addressing meetings e of various societies, both in Perth and Fremantle, and have, it is stated, met t with distinct success. By advertise- s ment in to-day's issue, delegates from all societies wishing to take part are in vited to assemble,)to make the neces sary arrangements in connection with the procession. At the fortnightly meet ing of the East Fremantle branch of the A.N.A., held in the local Town Hall on Wednesday evening, the president (Mr. W. Burvill) occupying the chair, a reso lution was passed supporting the board of directors in their decision to celebrate the Eureka Stockade rising. It was also decided to forward the sum of one gui- r nea as a donation from the branch to wards the expenses connected with the celebration. The Fremantle District Celebration Committee met in the Trades Hall last evening. Mr. E. Turnbull pre sided over a representative gathering of delegates. Repprts from delegates and letters from branch secretaries of socie ties showed that of those bodies who had met since the last. meeting, fifteen had decided to co-operate. It was men tioned that final reports from the re- I maining bodies would be submitted car- ( ly next week. Mr. Morgans reported on I behalf of the Political Labour Party 1 that final arrangements for river stea- t mers to run to Perth in connection with t the celebration on December 4 had been made. It was decided to approach the Commissioner of Railways, with a view to obtain a special train service on the date mentioned. Slamming the Doors of Railway Carri ages.-From the haste and energy of the railway porter engaged in door-slaniming there is risk of other injury besides shock to the nerves. Through the slamming of a railway carriage door by a porter at the East Fremantle station, Mrs. Richardson had her fin gers injured, and in the Supreme Court she sued the Commissioner of Railways for £250 damages. The case came on last month before Mr. Commissioner Roe and a jury. At the close of the plain tifPs case, counsel for the defendant ap plied for a nonsuit, on the ground that the plaintiff's evidence disclosed contri butomy negligence on her part. His Honour decided in favour of the appli cation, and withdrew the case from the jury. Judgment was then entered for the defendant. Against this decision the Splaintiff appealed to the Full Court. Mr. J. D. Moss appeared for the appellant, and Mr. A. E. Barker. Assistant Crown Solicitor, for the respondent. Argument concluded in the ,,??.aM .,' ,, ? Justice McMillan said he had no difficul ty in coming to the conclusion that no facts were established bythe evidence from which the jury could reasonably infer negligence on the part of the Com missioner, and for that reason it seemed to him that the learned Commissioner was right in withdrawing the case from the jury. No particulars of the alleged neghgence were given, but from the case as presented to the jury it would seem that the plaintiff complained that the injury was caused from the door having been slammed without any warn ing. It appeared that the plaintiff had entered the carriage and taken her seat but, finding that her dress was in a po sition of danger, she put down her hand to remove her dress from that position. If the plaintiff could have shown that no sufficient time was allowed her to got in to the carriage, and that the door was actually shut while she was in the act of entering, there would have heen cvi 3 dence proper to be left to the jury. The 'matter was purely an accident. Every a thing that was done was that which was usually done in the circumstances, and a that which travellers by trains of this f kind were bound to expect. He was of a the opinion that the appeal should be dismissed. Mr. Justice Burnside, who concurred, said that there was no evi e denco to suggest that the porter could s have seen the plaintiff's hand in the po x sition she had it at the time of the in s jury. The appeal was, therefore, dis missed, with costs. If Immigration.-The following figures show the excess of immigrants over emi grants (* denoting the excess of emi grants over immigrants), for the nine months ended September 30 last :-Brit ish. 11,451; Italian, *10: German, 34; French, *11; Russian, 25; Greek, 16; Austrian, *4; Spanish, 13; Swedish. `4; i- Hungarian, 2; Danish, 9; Swiss, *1; Dutch, 1: Bohemian, 1: Belgian, 1; Norwegian, *3; Roumanian, 2: Malay, y 106; Chinese, 44; Japanese, 124; Af n ghan, *2:; Indian, 4; Javanese, 82; r- Arab, 2; Timorese, 109; Persian, r1: un defined. *2: U.S.A., 1: American (unde d fined), 6i Maori, 2; Jewish, *2; Negro, 1: total, 11,969. oe Marine Underwriters' Association. s. Mr. Charles Hudson, who filled the chair te of the Marine Underwriters' Association fr for four years, was presented with a a handsomely-framed large photograph of 1- himself at a meeting of the Association le held on Tuesday last. The chairman is (Mr. Braund), on behalf of the Associa a. tion, made the presentation, and, in do :o ing so, referred to the very valuable ser s- vices which Mr. Hudson had rendered me during the four years that he filled the r- chair. Those services the Association de to sired to recognise, and he trusted that tt Mr. Hudson would be able still further n- to assist the Association, and that he e- would be long spared to look upon this re token of the sincere esteem in which he as was held by his brother underwriters. in The photograph bore the inscripion,. l- "'Presented by the Marine Underwriters' ss Association of Western Australia to as Charles Hudson, Esq., who was chairman during the years 1899 to 1902." Mr. ci Hudson warmly acknowledged the A thoughtful gift which the Association had Ps made to him. It had been a pleasure to tl him to be of service to the Association, at and he would treasure the photograph as 1 a pleasant memento of hs official con nection with the Association. o Rainbow Fostival.-The Ladies' Guild I of Wesley Church have arranged a a "Rainbow Festival" to be held in Queen's li RaLl next Wednesday, and two following r+ days. Lady Bedford has kindly consent- i ed to perform the opening ceremony next a Wednesday afternoon. A special meet- d ing will be held to-ninht in Wesley Church parlour, when the workers and all who are willing to ussist in organising n the evening entertainments are invited u to attend. The Rev. G. E. Rowe will I preside. Errata.-We have received a letter, t signed James Prosser, who, we take it, was the secretary of Mr. J. F. Bell's t committee during the late municipal contest in the Subiaco Central Ward. Mr. Prosser states that Mr. Bell's com mittee consider that the statement made in error in our issue of the 16th inst., to t the effect that Mr. John F. Bell was a h candidate, instead of Mr. Joseph F. Bell, t was the cause of Mr. Bell's defeat. Legislation Under Difficulties.-The e vicissitudes which the amending Arbi- e tration Bill has undergone in its ca- a roer through the Legislature during the e present session were unexpectedly add. t ed to yesterday by what at first sight, I appeared to be a stroke of economy. At C any rate, when the Legislative Assem- n bly went into Committee to consider d certain amendments made by the Legis lative Council to the measure in ques tion a dearth of bills wa' suddenly dis closed. Copies of the Bill, as originally introduced, wore plentiful. but it ap- a peared that this Bill had been amended 1 in Committee of the Assembly, and the e Legislative Council had, in due course, amended the amendments of the Assem bly. The consequence was that even the closest study of the original Bill afford ed no clue to what the Minister for La bour was urging upon the House. When t a motion was carried disagreeing with one of the amendments made by the f Council, Mr. Quinlan hazarded the opi- I nion that the Minister was the only I member of the House who knew what I had been carried with such unanimity. With this remark harmony fled. A dis cussion of some warmth followed as to what the rule had been in former ses sions. Had members been supplied with copies of the Bill embodying the amend ments made in Committee ? Mr. Quin lan and others took this view. Had members not been so supplied, and had they been obliged to keep a tally of the amendments for themselves ? The Chairman and other members took this view. Finally, although the Minister had moved that progress be reported, copies of the amended Bill, in sufficient numbers, apparently, to go round the t House, were circulated and the consid eration of 'the measure proceeded. The Weather.-The following shade temperatures were recorded at the Ob servatory yesterday:-Max. 73.8deg.; and. min., 57.2deg. The Government c Astronomer (Mr. W. E. Cooke) writes, under yesterday's date, as follows:- "Weather cool, cloudy, and rather un settled in S.W. districts, but otherwise warm and hot; pressure is moderately high off the S. coast, with falling gra dients thence northward, but there are no well-defined 'highs' or 'lows' showing on the weather map. Present condi tions are likely to continue, and the forecast for to-morrow (Friday). is: Moderately cool weather in S.W. dis tricts, with rather unsettled tendency oni coast; elsewhere fine and warm to hot." Earth Tremor at Marble Bar.—The Government Astronomer yesterday re- ceived the following report from Marble Bar :—"Rumbling noise, accompanied by slight earth tremor, heard here last night and early this morning." The Perth Anglican Diocese.-The first meeting of the new Cathedral Chapter of St. George's was held at Bishop's House yesterday, Bishop Riley being in the chair. There was a full at tendance of the members, consisting of the canons, the archdeacons, and two members elected by the Synod, and four by the Parish Vestry of St. George. The Bishop announced that he had appointed Dr. Hackett his chancel lor with a seat on the Chapter. It is understood that the appointment of a successor to Bishop Goldsmith in the Deanery of Perth was the chief subject of discussion. The decision arrived at by the Chapter did not transpire, but it is believed that the Bishop will short ly proceed to Eastern Australia on busi ness connected with the appointment. Tampering with a Jury.-When Mr. Justice Parker entered No. 2 Court yes terday morning to hear counsels' con cluding addresses in the case Bella Rosenove against Hamilton McRae and Co., he was advised of a very serious at tempt, on the part of some person un Sknown, to tamper with the jury. The Sforeman before the hearing was rgsum \- ed, apprised his Honour that he had " been asked by his fellow- jurymen to call Sattention to the fact that copies of a e weekly newspaper containing an article commenting upon the case then before the Court had been sent specially ad Sdressed to four of the jurymen. His t Honour, while very sorry that such a thing had occurred, said the only action the Court would he able to take in such a matter would be to commit the publish ers of the newspaper for contempt. Mr. Abbott, who appeared for defendants. completely disclaimed any knowledge of the matter, and Mr. Lavan. who, witch Mr. Josephs. appeared for the plaintiff, added to a similar disavowal that he felt sure the article had been published be fore the newspaper was aware that the t case was coming before the Court. Sub r sequently, in summing up, his Honour told the jury that they could only dis miss all knowledge of the affair from their minds. The people who sent the papers were liable to be very severely dealt withl. He was very glad to hear the disclaimers of counsel, and could o only ask the jury to forget the incident. The case constituted a claim for dam ages for alleged trespass, wrongful seizure, and retention of furniture. Defendants submitted that the seizure was justified under the terms of a loan. The jury after a retirement of four hours, brought in a majority verdict, d finding is. damages for plaintiff on the s question of seizure, and -warding her f £5 15s. for detention. On the count of a trespass the verdict was for ~sefendant. o Argument as to costs was deferred un til 2 p.m. to-day. d The Population.-The statistical ab \- stract for October gives the population \- of the State as at the end of that month at 242,146 (144,599 males, and 97,547 fe nmales). The increase in the population for the ten months ending with the month of October is 15,192, and the per centage of females to males in the total \- population 67.46, as against 66.93 at the 0 end of 1903. The excess of inmmigration over emigration for the ten months is 11,564 (7.107 males and 4,457 females), and the excess of births over deaths 3,628. The "Democrat" in Court.-In the City Police Court yesterday, before f Messrs. W. A. G. Walter, Acting P.M., and F. W. Blythe. J.P.. J. M. Copeland, L_ of the "Democrat" newspaper, pleaded guilty to having refused wages due to , the following comnplainants:-Charles Mulcahy, £15; Wmin. Roberts. £15: R. L. Jones. £9: Win. Rmnn, £16 17s. Gd.: -Winm. Swarbrick £15 9s. lid.: Ernest ir L. Vickers, £15; and Dominick Dunu, in £15 9s. 8d. In each case, judgment was entered foi the payment of the amounts of claimed, with costs. The "Democrat" In Printing Company was then called, and tI the defendant again appeared in answer, a- but *Mr. Walter ruled that someone else o- should accept service of the summons. Ad A Returning-Officer's Expenses.-At a ie special meetin, of the North Fremantle e- Council held last evening, an account for at £8 is. wa. submitted by the returning cr officer (Cr. Sandilands) for expenses in me curred by himself and several Council is employees in connection with the recent 'ie municipal elections. Some discussion ar. tose as to the lehality of the f~e of '3 n. 3s. charged by the returning-officer. Cr. ' Sandilands explained that he had only to submitted an account for actual ec tn penses incurred, and stated that the fee charged would barely cover his expenses. As the Council appeared reluctant to pass the account, however, he moved that the account be returned to him for amendment. The motion was carried. Ventilation and Sanitation of Mines. -The members of the Royal Commission on the ventilation and sanitation of mines concluded their goldfields sittings and the taking of evidence at Kalgoo lie on Wednesday. The Perth members returned to Perth yesterday. The other members, Messrs. T. Hewitson, F. Reid and J. Carr, will arrive in Perth on Men day, and the Commission will sit at their offices in the Supreme Court building on that day to gather together the infor mation which has been collected, to com mence the preparation of their report. Dr. Black has examined a number of miners suffering with complaints sup. posed to be caused through following their occupations. Several experimenat were made, and the doctor has brought to Perth a number of samples as a re. sult of these investigations for micros. copical examination and classification. A series of blasting tests were made in the Kalgurli gold mine, Kalgoorlie, with in terestine results, which will be tabu lated and published with the report. All the important mines where inquirter were likely to supply the Commission with information have been visited, and evidence has been heard from all persons able and willing to give details of their experiences on the matters into which the Commission has been inquiring. Every assistance has been given to the Commission at each place visited, and much valuable information, it is un derstood, has been collected The funeral of the late Miss Ivy Ger trude Wark, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Wark, took place on Wednesday afternoon in the Anglican portion of the Fremantle Cemetery. The remains were enclosed in a coffin covered with white velvet and mounted with silver-plated handles and plates, and was covered with a profusion of beautiful wreaths and flowers. The cortege, which moved from deccased's late residence, 331 High-street, Fremantle, was largely attended. Among those present were Messrs J. D. McLen nan, E. Harvey, J. Lovelock, A. Barlow, G. De Viesseux, L. Fivensh, B. Waugh, W. Laylor, B. Miller, E. Blythe, A. Davey, D. Grant, R. Davis, James Back, J. Shep herd, T. Halvorsen, C. Henry, R. Johnson, W. Coy, A. Maurmann and the Economic employees. The chief mourners were Mr. H. C. Wark (father of the deceased), Lily and Myrtle Wark (sisters), Lionel and Leonard Wark (brothers). Mr. A. Man ders (cousin), Messrs. H. Baker, H. G. Baker, J. Smith, E. W. Smith and R. Smith and Mrs. Smith. The pall-bearers were Messrs A. Miller, A. Rundin, N. Corbett E. Attwood, L. Wattman, and A. Johnson. The Rev. Mr. Marshall, of Beaconsfield, officiated at the grave and the funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr. Donald J. Chipper of Adelaide street, Fremantle. B- a printer's error the date of His Excellency and Lady Bedford's visit to the Maylands Blind School was yesterday advertised as December 19; it should hase been December 3, and the notice appears correctly in another column. Messrs. Arthur Short and Co. will hold a Pale of pot plants, etc. on account of Wilson and Johns. of Barrack-street. the well.known florists, at their mart, 509 Hay. street, to-day, at half-mist 11 a.m. Messrs. B C. Wood and Co. annonnee elsewhere that they will sell to-day. at the residence. Sherwood-street Maylands. a quantity of household furniture and ef fects. The sale will conimence at 3 n.m. The secretary of the Royal Agriculturml Society writes stating that lie has in his possession three Shropshire rams that were left on the grounds at Guildford after the recent show. Stens have been taken to try to find the rightful owners but without avail. Mr Lowe will be glad to hear from any person claiming the animals. The Mayor and councillors of Victoria Park request ratenayers to anply to the Town Clark before 1st prex., for cards of invitation to witness the swearing-in of the newlv-elected Mayor and Conncfl lore, which is to take place on December 5, at 8 p.m. Extra lads' tickets for the meeting at Helena Vale mast be applied for not later than 11 o'clock to-morrow morning. 