News of the Week. NEW SOUTH WALES. R. Cavill again won the 100yds. swimming championship of New South Wales on Saturday. His time was 58 1-5secs. A shipment of 27,000 railway sleepers was taken from Sydney on Sunday for Algoa Bay by the steamer A. J. Hocken. An old- age pensioner, who recently came in for a legacy of £20,000, was found drowned in a creek at Grafton on Friday. JJJLLL The amount of Btamp duty received ia Sydney] last week, in respect of probate aud letters of i administration, was £1X9 19s 4d. Tho authorities are: adopting most stringent precautions against an outbreak of plague. No further diseased rats have been discovered. ? At a -meeting of farmers at ,Boga, an emphatic protest was - made against , the proposed imposi tion of wharfage dues upon all coastal produce. . Farmers in the . Condobolin district complain of the high price the Government is placing on settlement leases now being made availablo there. Arrangements are being mado for Victoria and South Australia to M-lay their annual football match (Australian rules) on the Sydney, Cricket Ground. . - : The Zoological Society, trustees have sold the elephant Toby for £200. The financial state is so bad that they cannot . manage the gardens ef ficiently. . ;? ' , : . ? While so many are unemployed in Sydney the New Zealand Government complains that it is unable to obtain men, for whom plenty of work is waiting at 7s a day. From January' 1 to March 20 2,849,839 acres of land were selected under the Crown Lands Act Amendment Act. Conditional lease was the most numerous tenure. The fore-and-aft schooner Venture, with gravel from Nora Head, foundered three miles from Sydney Heads. All hands were saved. The mas- ter says a steam tug ran him down. The coroner has decided that the death of the Danish consul, Theodore Boesen, was due to heart failure, accelerated by injuries acci- dentally received while entering a lift in a York-street warehouse. JJJLLL Mr. Justice Walker has made an order, on the petition of the Bank of New South Wales, wind- j ing up the Narrabri Refrigerating, Preserving, Boiling-down 'Company, Limited, and appointed Mr. W. XI. Palmer official liquidator. In the grain sheds at Darling Harbour thero are now nearly a quarter of a million bags,- , of | wheat stored. During tho past week 105,500 bags came down by train, and 77,700 bags were shipped oversea. On Monday 21,800 bags, arrived, Mrs. MacCabe has offered to donate £250 to provide a ward at the Wollongong Hospital to perpetuate the memory of her son, Major, H. O. MacCabe, who lost his life while leading a res- cue party at the Mount Kembla Colliery disas- ter. Superintendent Webb, of the Metropolitan -,Firo Brigade, returned to Sydney by tho - Ventura on' Monday, after a tour of England and the Con tinent.' lie states that ; firemen in tho / older, countries might learn a good deal by, coming to Sydney. The death is announced- of Mr. James Boyle,, a.n. old resident of the Clarence -Hi vor. He was one of the pioneer settlers on the Hunter, and after-, wards removed to the Clarence, where ho erected and worked a small sugar mill in tlio early.^days of the industry. A man named Robert Charles Ardern, who was travelling by the mail train from 'Brisbane, slipped between the carriage and platform . at Werris Creek, as tho train was moving, and. was severely crushed. Ho was takon on to Quirindi, where he died. - * State Ministers havo been discussing how , to assist immigration. They say tho koy to the po sition is putting people on small areas of good land^ They believe that tho inspection of all coastal land.s recently begun will result in ,, a practical schome of settlement. ? A- visit by officials of the Public Works De partment was made on Thursdny and Friday to the Cataract dam, and general inspection was conducted. Practically e\erytbing is in readi ness for commencing to build tho great dam, which . is intended to storo 18 thousand million gallons of water. \- During - the week onded March 4 the births Of 228 children .were registered in tho metropolitan area, and 98 deaths were recorded, of whom six wero from the country, leaving 92 deaths of veM dents. Tho record of births is slightly below the average, whilst the death roll1 presents extremely favourable aspects. A deputation claiming to represent the bona fide unemployed asked the Acting Premier on Monday to re-open works recently stopped, and go on with works' sanctioned by Parliament. Mr. Wise said he could hold out no hope of immedi ate compliance. He laid it down as a general principle that it was; iiot tho duty of the. State to provide, work. ' - Some statements were recently made as to the adulteration of ? bread with alum. In referring to this - matter, ? Dr; *- Ashburton Thompson, tho Pre sident of the Board of Health, said, that al though bread Was frequently examined in tho Board of Health laboratory, alum had only been discovered once. It might be said that in Sydney it was not used. Mr. Donaldson, M.P. and Mrs. Donaldson met with a serious accident while driving on the Taradle- road, seven miles from Batlow, near Tumut/ on Tuesday.'. Tho breeching It, olnv. and the horse bolted down a steep hill. Both occu pants of the vehicle . were thrown out., and. ren dered unconscious. Mr. Donaldson, on iocovor ing, walked four, miles for assistance. Soiious fears aro entertained- for- 'tho reO'Var^ of Mis. Donaldson. , * At a largely attended meeting of vesidents of tho Lower Clarance held at Maclean to urge the erection of ? a bridge - : over the Oyster Channel, from Grafton on the -mairi road . to Yamba, it was stated that if the Government was short of money residents would' .tako up Treasury Bills for tho necessary amount. The bridge is becom ing urgently necessary, owing to the shoaling of the channel to Yamba; being likely to prevent steamer traffic. S. Whiteman, a drover, of Gunnedah, who is in charge of a mob of sheep travelling to Moree, met with a painful accident on the stock route, near Tulla Mulla Creek. Whilst he was at din- ner at the foot of a dead tree, which had been lighted to boil the billy, the tree fell across the unfortunate man, crushing him severely, dislocat- ing his hip, and rendering him unconscious. He was driven many miles to Turrawan, and thence conveyed to Gunnedah by train for medical treatment. Speaking at the annual picnic of Rosch's Wav- erley Brewery at Cabarita on' Saturday, Mr. J. B. Sutton (President of the Licensed Victuallers Association) -strongly advised workers and union ists to1 bewaroyof tho labour agitator, who was tlie worst enomy of the toiler., The agitator, he said, made trouble, and brought . men who were contented and -ambitious to succeed into conflict with their a employers. ; Men - should not. be led away by the talk of the- men who mado- them discontented. Residents of the . ' Murrumburrali district have been compelled ^to j resort - to rabbit-trapping as a means of livelihoods Tho- rabbits aro more plentiful than- beforoV- and the. trappers are con signing the - carcases - to ' the ?? Young .Freezmg Works, ?whero.-'f-:good-/.'i^pricos!;.'-'.,:.i-- are. v obtain able. At a late meetings, of shareholders of tho buttor factory, -.which has /been idle for some time, it was ? decided to.convci't.vtho concern into a freezing company, and : when* this is done rab biting will bo ono of., the; foremost industries of the district. At the Quarter Sessions; Darlinghurst, on Thursday afternoon, ithe trial of Constables .James Williams and Nicholas Stone Spencer, charged with stealing £80, the property of an insane Chinaman in the Recej)tion House at Dar linghurst, was continued before his Honor Judge Heydon. The jury, after a brief retirement, found each of the accused not guilty. The fore- man added that the jury would like it to be known that each of the constables left the court without a stain on his character. At Gostwyck, on Friday last, Mr. and Mas. A F. C. Rogerson, who have left tho district, wero presented by Mr. A. C. Cox, on behalf of tho employees of the station, with a costly silver tea and coffee service as a token of tho high esteem in which they are held and the general regret folt on account of their departure from Gostwyck. Mr. Rogerson suitably acknowledged the gift, and referred to his successor, Mr. A. C. Cox, whose services ho had himself been in strumental in obtaining for Gostwyck as over, seer, and whom ho knew to be a very capable m«n. The Full Court had before it a case in which the question was raised as to whether, since tho passing of the Commonwealth Act, the State had power to issue brewers* licenses. The case was one in which an information had been laid against a brewer at Cootamundra for carrying oil a brewery business without a licenso under the State Liquor Act. Defendant produced a licenso from the Commonwealth, and submitted that was sufficient. Tho magistrato dismissed tho information, stating- that tho Stato license was not necessary, and against this decision ap peal was now mado,. The; court reserved judg incnt.. A somewhat novel case has been heard at tho Forbes Polico Court, in which the Canada Cycle Company sued Leslie Howe for balance due on the hire, of a bicycle. The plea of infancy was set up by dofendant. On behalf of the plaintiff it was contended that a bicycle was a necessity, and' tho case of tho Clyde Cycle Company v. Hargreaves was quoted, in which tho lato Lord Russell, Chief Justice of England, ruled that a bicycle was a necessity for, an infant. A verdict was returned for plaintiff for the amount claimod. with costs. This matter had been heard, in tho lower court, when a decision was given in favour of tho defendant. While continuing the work of excavation for electric light purposes near the Town Hall, Syd- ney, on Monday, the coffin which was discovered on Saturday was accidentally broken. When the woodwork fell away a portion of a human skull was exposed. The skull was covered with long, well-preserved hair, which gave the idea that the remains wero those of a female.- ^The skull is small, and is intact — as far as the bones and teeth are concerned. A most remarkable fact, however, is that tho head ;wns upside down, and in a perpendicular position,' with tho face turned towards tho side of the coffin. It is not likely that a body would bo placed in -a coffin in that way, and naturally the pdsltion of tho skull indicates the possibility of the unfortunate having been buried alive. Tho hearing of . the charge of perjury, against Henry Montgomery, 24, a carter, -and a *vituoss in tho polico court proceedings arising out of the alleged forced marriage case, was concluded at the Central Police Court on Tuesday. George. II. Webb, recalled for the defence, said that the revolver produced was tho samo as ihe ono Mar shall had, being black -in colour. Henry Mont gomery, the accused, re-called, stated that when he first spoke to Marshall in olonmore-road he (Marshall) had a revolver in his hand. That. was before Cheesbrough, and Miss Cheesbrough came on the scene; Ho did not have the revolver in his hand when thoy came up.# He did not seo a' revolver in his hand outside the Civic Club. Montgomery was committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions on -April 5, being, allowed bail in his own recognisances of £50. A point of considerable interest was raised at the Newtown Police Court on 'Monday, . when a commission agent appeared,. as the defendant in a case in which ho was sued by a time-payment firm for the recovery of a suit of clothes obtain ed on that system. Tho dofendant consented to an order, and intimated in answer to the Bench that ho was wearing tho clothes in question. Mr, Isaacs said to defendant : 'You can -return the clothes if you liko, you know. You cannot help it if, thoy are worn out.' : Addressing the firm's, representative, the magistrate added : 'There is something in the agreement about returning the goods in tho same condition as that in which they were obtained, but that is absurd. Sup-, pos-e the clothes were put away in a box and the moths got at them, how would you get on then?' Tho difficulty was overcome by the de fendant offering to pay the amount claimed in instalments. * i Tho Attorney-General, Mr. B. R. Wise, with the object of discouraging, the holding of art unions, and preventing a repetition of tho difficulties which have occurred in -connection :With this : method of raising money, has directed that in future no permission shall be granted for the holding of an art union, unless three responsible i persons entor into a bond, in' an amount propor tioned to tho sum which it is expected ; will bo i raised by means of the art union, undertaking that all tho monoy, less not more: than 10: per i cont. for expenses, shall be. paid to tho. charities i which it is intended to benefit. The bond will | also require the observance by the_ promoters of ' the ordinary departmental rules for the conduct ! of such art . unions which have been in existence i for some years past. These new regulations will I not, however, apply to art unions' which are held ; | undor tho old Art Union Act for the purpose of i disposing of genuine works of art. ; I In giving ? cvidonco before tho Public Works I Committee as -to: the expediency of constructing a railway from Weeris Creok to Wellington, Mr. 1 C. O. Wall stated that there were rich coalfields | i 22 miles from Mudgeo, and hot far from ' Wei-' i lington there wero also coal deposits. One vein , of steaming coal- was 18 feet thick, and another | 7 feet' thick, in tho district proposed to be served by' the line. Tho revenue from coal haulage j alone would be great. He personally favoured i tho construction of the line from Werris Creek 1 to Wellington, if thrc primary object was to con- ! nect Queensland and Victoria by the most direct i route through this Stato. He did not think the estimate of £500,000 for tho construction of the lino was based upon correct calculations. - The country, although suitablo for settlement, would ncTer b© opened up for settlement until a. line was constructed tiirough it. A lino from Mud geo to Casfiilis would pass through rery barren country, bat from Gcuwili® to Muswellbrook it was very rich land, was settled, a-nd capable of ; carrying more settiemeat. At the Fort-street Public School the Minister of Instruction, Mr. Perry, presented certificates and gold medals to the most successful first-class pupil teachers of either .sex at the annual exami nation for entrance to the Training College. The medals are intended to commomorato the labours of the late Inspector John Saunders Jones, whose widow was present. At the time of his death the teachers of the State, inaugurated a. fund to place a memorial over the grave, but owing to representations of the family it was eventually decided to devote the' interest on the fund to purchase medals for these annual compe titions, 'among first-class* pupil teachers. The win ners this year ' were Miss Lilian Geer, of the Bourke ! Superior Public School, and Mr. R. C. Edwards, of the - Wollongong Superior Public School, i Mr. Perry, said ho was pleased that' during the last 10 years the country pupil teach ers had more than hold their own in competition with those of tho metropolis. . The results were : Females, country 6, metropolitan and subrmotro politan 4 ; males; country 5, metropolitan and sub-metropolitan 5 total, country 11, metro politan and sub-metropolitan 9. That result showed there wero good teachers in the country, and that tho department was alive to tho inter ests of those who went into the interior and de nied themselves the easier conditions of life in tho great i cities. This year 54 . and 94- female pupil teachers competed. Mr. Edwards gained 85.3 per cent., and Miss Geer 87.1 por cent. Those of them who won scholarships would go to the University, but before going thero ho would ask them to be loyal to the. department; and re main in the service. Tliey did not want to train young people for other professions. They wanted teachers, and as far as he could read every coun try wanted teachers. The dearth of teachers was due to tho opinion that their social status was not sufficiently high to enable them to associate with other people. They wanted to raiso the plane of the teacher. 