[?] ' About as funny as the dull side of a tombstone' was the description given of a Tasmanian politician lately. While there's life there's hope. At Cowra recently a mother took tne prize at a baby show for her fifteenth living child— a girl. A West Australian orator is reported to have said once, ' Amid the wreck of empires and the crash of worlds a red herring is drawn across the blazing hori zon.' Miss Kate Ropney, when in Ireland visited -nd kissed the Blarney Stone, but failed to get that 'sweet twist of the tongue ' it is alleged to give. She must come back to Australia and consult Dan O'Connor. Mr. G T. C. Miller has been chosen by the Good Templar Council as the re cognised candidate of that body for Monaro electorate. He claims the honour of never having tasted intoxi cants, his special forms of intemperance being wild language and long hair. Wisely the Victorian Government has refused a request for an analysis of the voting on the recent referendum re reli gious teaching in the public schools. A clear majority of the largest vote decided to let things remain as they are. Religious disputes should be kept outside of public institutions. Thibet, says a correspondent of The Times, probably the poorest, and cer tainly is the bleakest country in the world, and the present expedition alone will cast more money in one year than ? all our profits from trade would produce in 20 years. But look at the stratgetical advantages. We'll not only lose money ourselves, but compel the Russians to do so also. That is what strategy and diplomacy nearly always means. The trustees of the newspaper branch of the Public Library have very sensibly ordered the sporting papers to be re moved from the racks in the room at the Queen Victoria Markets. It is high time this action was taken, as progress be tween the racks was stopped by the eight or ten 'unwashed' who so eagerly scanned over the weights and betting. The room is virtually a refuge for those people who unfortunately have idle hours to spare. The London Daily Mail in search of interesting paragraphs stated that a cer tain Sunday school teacher rewarded the efforts of his pupils with gifts of cigar ettes. So uncommon a circumstance was commented on by other papers, and much ' copy' in verse and prose re sulted. The Sunday school teacher has recovered £750 and costs from the Daily Mail for libelling him This also is going the rounds of the press, and makes as good copy as the former paragraph. There arc two sides to every story. Australia does not appreciate poetry, and especially poets, as she ought, and occasionally they have to exercise the greatest originality in order to keep the family pot boiling. One Australian poet of the highest calibre tried to square the family finances not so very long ago by attempting to raffle a grave lot at Rook wood cemetery. His poetical confreres who were asked to take tickets did not sympathise enough to waste good money while alive on the chance of getting something they were certain to get the use of for nothing when they really needed it, and the proposed raffle failed. One Australian versifier signs himself 6x8. The man of the raffle is quite entitled to sign himself 6x2. The good wishes expressed towards the United States on Monday last, 4th July, shows how clearly the British people have come to recognise the fool ishness of the policy which drove the American colonies into revolt. It is only a rational and a great people that realises that there are times when it deserves to be licked. It has, however, taken us over a hundred years to fully realise that, and possibly the most powerful persuader is the recognition of the fact that we have not the slightest show of restoring the old order by force. There is no reason, however, why the two great English speaking peoples should not again merge into each other and be in effect even if not nominally one Commonwealth. Only artificial barriers prevent this. A West Australian policeman who has woo /60-0 in a sweep declares his inten tion of remaining in the police. The Perth public will in that event be able to ask him for more than the time of day. But probably he only means to do so until something better turns up. Mr, T. A. Tarbart, Tasmanian Chief Inspector of Stock, who inspected the sheep sent to the recent Sydney Show, declared them to be the finest yet sent from that State. Worthy of notice, when one hears so much about the necessity of State aid to industries, how the wool- growing industry has progressed by private enterprise. A Kalgoorlie paper objects to a local contemporary quoting a Sydney paper re the Labour party on the ground that the said paper is hopelessly conservative. But if we are not mistaken, Labour papers have quoted this, and worse papers when it suited them. It is a quite common weakness to listen to the good things about one's own side. It requires a little strength to calmly con sider adverse criticisms. Mrs. Humphrey Ward indicts the miserable rich who do nothing but go to races and play 'bridge.' The results are becoming deplorable in loss of mental and physical powers, and, of course, moral degeneracy. 'Bridge' is only the expression of the underlying disease caused by human beings with ability to do something having nothing to do. Useful work is an essential of individual and social health. The wreck of , the Danish emigrant ship, Norge, seems to have produced quite a number of tragic scenes, as did the burning of the New York excursion steamer. ' Since the sinking of the Prin cess Alice on the Thames, nothing like the latter has occurred, and to it was added the horror of fire as well as of water. One marvels at the freedom of Sydney from such a disaster, but the space ' our beautiful harbour ' affords, not superior navigation, is probably the cause. DEAD BEAT I Premier Waddkll : 'We are confident that the country will accept my assurance that a policy of reduced expenditure will be entered upon.' Latest reports from Port Arthur state : ' The general health of the inhabitants is good, except that the Chinese are dying from starvation.' A man dying from starvation has usually a good ap petite, and a good appetite is an evi dence of good health —when there is plenty of food about. The Victorian Commission to inquire into how the butter bonuses were dis tributed is bringing out some interesting information. On one occasion when a cream separator was sold in the Lance field district no less than eleven claims had been made to the manufacturers for commission on the transaction. There must be a lot of people living on com missions in Victoria. Perhaps they live by selling goods on commission to one another, as on some decaying goldfields, the residents are alleged to live by taking in each other's washing. Captain Mills, of the steamship Paroo, was fined £20 and costs for allowing a prohibited immigrant (a Chinaman) to enter the Commonwealth. This was his third offence, although he pleaded that he had made every endeavour by means of night and day watchmen to keep the' Chinese on board. Employing a Chinese crew looks like becoming a risky busi ness on the coast. A deceased Victorian, whose will is being disputed on the ground that he was a lunatic, was alleged to have lodged 'a. claim against the Government of /33,ooo for teaching at an orphanage, and £20,000 for illegal detention in an asylum. Since the Government had not resumed any property of his, not even his old boots, tne claim was re garded as that of a madman. Germans form the bulk o£ our recently naturalised citizens, of whom Northern Europe supplies nearly all. Probably most of these have been longer resident in the States than was necessary for na turalization. Citizens of the United States though nearer to us than any of the European nations are apt to hang on as such for a long time after they have given up all idea of returning: to tfteland of the Stars and Stripes. The native born American not only has a pride in the land of his birth, but is apt to be a stickler for its republican forms of gov ernment. Mr. Lewis, the Liberal candidate for Deniliquin, who wrote to Mr. Car rnthers to be allowed to withdraw his candidature against Mr. Evans, the sit ting member, who was seriously ill, and is since dead, was actuated by the kindest motives, but quite blind to a sense of public duty. Personal feeling should be as much as possible kept out of political contests. It would be as wrong to vote against a candidate, because of personal dislike, although agreed as to his honest representation of one's principles as to vote for him on sympathetic grounds, while opposed to his public actions. Public duty is of more importance than personal feeling. A resident American citizen speaks thus on certain phases of our railway construction : — ' In the United States, some of our people have become rich through obnoxious trusts, but in New South Wales many people have achieved the same result by being fortunate enough to possess portions of land ac quired in various ways through which railways had to be run. Your Govern ment has been asked to pay, in some cases, half a dozen times more for the small portion taken up the railway than they would ask a private individual for the whole of the land.' Most of us can remember cases of this description. Public feeling in Great Britain seems to have gone strong against the Rus sians owing to their having sent floating mines adrift in the Yellow Sea which may blow up other than Japanese ships with the strictest impartiality. Afloat- . ing mine is very cosmopolitan and treats all ships it may run against with the same brotherly spirit. The British people think properly that this is not 'playing the came.' Modern invention' has made war a matter of wider interest than to the mere combatants. Being blown up by a ' friendly Power ' 'will not work' out very differently to the same result from an open enemy. . .-/., 