FEDERAL PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. THURSDAY, JUNE 23. Mr. Deakin drew attention to the state ment attributed to Sir Horace Tozer, the Agent-General for Queensland, that an offer had been made to supply Italian immigrants to work in tho sugar plantations iof Queens land. He would like to know whether the Minister for External Affairs was aware- of this offer, whether there was sufficient la bour now. available to replace the kanaka, n.iid whether thoro was any warrant for the statement that it would be impossible to introduce Italians. Mr. Hughes, Minister for External Af fairs, said ho had no official information on tho subject, and no offer had been made to the Government. He knew of no reason why tho policy of the Government rendered I the working' of sugar plantations impossible, or that there was any scarcity of labour. Mr. M'Donald (Q.) wished to know if the Minister was aware that the Government of Queensland , had imported 1000 Italians to work in connection with the sugar industry, and that within six months they left the plantations n,nd were working in. mining. The Minister for External Affairs, in re ply, said ho- was not' aware of it, and that he. would 'consider the whole question. Mr. Batciielor, Minister for Home Affairs, laid on the table tho Public Service classi fication scheme. On the motion for going into comnilttee of supply,, Mr. Doakin expressed the hope that infor mation would be sought from Sir Horace Tozer, if any, and what, proposal had been made, and what warrant he had for his statement that it would be impossible to introduce Italians. I-Ie spoke of tho great value of Italians as agriculturists and viti culturists, and asked thn,t .steps would be i taken to remove the misapprehension under which Sir Horace Tozer was labouring. Mr. Ilamford (Q.), hoped that very careful inquiries would be made before anything! was done. He said an offer would shortly be made to the Commonwealth in respect to the introduction of Danish immigration.. Mr. Kennedy (Vic.) urged that greater op portunit'CD should be given for land settle ment. He attributed the prosperity of New Zealand to what had been done in this matter. Mr. M'Coll (Vic.) thought there were no more desirable colonists than the people of the South of Europe, and lie hoped tho Go vornment would take tho discussion as an in dication that the House would back the Go vornment up in any efforts to develop Aus tralia. Mr. Fisher, Minister of Customs, consider ed the incident showed the necessity for the appointment of a High Commissioner. The House would bo pleased to hear that the output of white-grown sugar for 1904 was estimated at 277,900 tons, as against 105,543 tons in 1903. Mr. Chapman (N.S.W.) contended that something more definite was required from the Government. It wes a noteworthy fact that whilst the people left freetrado for pro tectionist placbs, tho opposite was not the case. Victoria was the most self-contained State, and this ho attributed to its protec tionist policy.' I-Io complained that ho could not .get grievances remcd'ed, and urged tho oxtension of tho postal and telephonic facili ties to outlying districts. The Minister for Excernal /Affairs said ho saw no reason why Australia should not, have tho benefit of Italians of a suitable class, as there were Italians and Italians. He remarked', 'however, .that the people of Northern races assimilated moro readily with our ,own_ rcaes than tho -Latins. 'The Goveirnniont, he assured, tho I-Iouse, would not place any 'embargo on the introduction of immigrants of a suitable character. Tliore wore, plenty of- wiiito men in Queensland ready to work in tho sugar fields. Sir , John Forrest pointed, out that the Commonwealth-' controlled no land or. rail ways, nnd could do little in a practical way to promote settlement. The matter thou dropped. Tho Arbitration Bill was further consider ed in committee. Clauso 43, In which Mr. Johnson (N.S.W.) had moved an amendment to omit the- pro- vision giving preference to members of or ganisations when employment is sought, was further debated. Mr.' Spence (N.S.W.) in opposing tho am endment, entered into a lengthy justification, of unionism, and asked the House to recog nise that unions woro undor tho bill giving up great powor in the right to Btriko. He declared that' ho was not in favour of coer cion, but approved of tho open door to unionism. Mr. Willis (N'.S.W.) contended that thoso who claimed that equal opportunities should be glvon to ali mon wero the truo represen tatives of tho, people. Thoso on the other side of the House were class legislators. Mr. Willis (N.S.W.) said a largo body of tho-- people were, non-unionists. , Mr. Kennedy (Vic.) generally supported the amendment. : , ? ' ? Mr.' Isaacs (Vic.), donied that any mandate was . laid on tho court, to givo pieforonco , to ^unionists. ? He did not believo men would bo 'compelled by thai clause' to give prefercnco to unionists. Ho regarded tho clause as nocos-' sary, and advisable.' .. Shortly. 'before IX ' o'clock thoro woro re quests for adjournment. Tho Primp Minister objected, unless an, as Buramce, was 'given' that tho debato would closo next day. ~ ? ? . ? . Mr. ;!Dugald Thompson promised, to try, but could givo no assuranco. ' . ; ; Sir : William Lyno' hoped 'thero was no in-, tontlori to ^spln1; out tlio debate to wait for a certain gentlomim who was on tho train. ' Tlio Prime Minister agreed, ' on the under standing that:efforts would be made to close the. dcybato tlie next day, to report, progress, Tho House adjourned at 11.30 p.m. 