[?] Dublin 'FroMiiaii'tf Journal' iiinclo a profit of £12,000 during 1903. March 17, St. Patrick's Day was pro claimed a public 'holiday m A*midalo Tlio Tilafiuo evolution in Sydney. First a pliiue-mouso, noxfc a plague-rat then a case, ?;&^!l.iii let's hope it will cvolutc no fui A scrmel to the Conn toss -Russell second divorce care is that l»r divorced conohmin, William Brown, was lately sentenced to six months' imprisonment for vagrancy. The second Pan-Celtic Congress will open at Carnarvon, on August 30th, and will bo midcr ioint Welsh and Iridi management. The first Congress met m Dublin in 1001. The .rows of Kishinev, 'foaring another nias fiicro nt Easter, have armed themselves. ?Loncliiv Jews in KUhinoff, however, are ?con- fident (if the protection of the Governor 'of the province. i Tlio Nov. Kailier Poll-or, wlio lia.* returuwl to Warwick alter n tnip abroad, i laics thai lie ?tttendwl tlio Gaelic concert in London, where Marie Narello and Kate Ltooney,, oi Austra lia-, sang- . . . Tlio N.S.W. Birthrate Commission, has dr-uvn up an exhaustive report and recom mendation as the result of its iramrics into the whole matter. It makes deplorable reud inCablpd this week that, in order to obtain the Conlro (Catholic) vote on the side of an increawd naval vote the German Government propose, to ropeal the law excluding; the Jesuit-* Irom the Vatcrland. An ox-lieutenant in the Gorman Army named ]3oseke, who had been ruined by cx tra'vaft.'iiiicj-, murdered his two younp; sons by poisoiTmy tliem, ami then, together with his wile and daughter, aged 19, committed sui cide. . , . It is nob often a man is petitioner in two divorce cases within a year or two, yot such is the fate of George Henry Webb, whose first ?wife -died not long after the hearing of ihis divorce petition, tie i.s now .seeking to dis solve his alleged forced marriage ! to Misi unessoorougn. Mr. 11. D. Meagher, JYL.L.A., writes to the New England Irish National Association: — 'Yoii havo my heartiest wishes tor the success of the Association, which is recognised in the State as an illustration of ' what' love of country means without bigotry, and what pure enthusiasm moans witlhout intolerance.' A ; party of niinciv- who have taken 'up Quong TaYt\s old mine at Bell's Creek, Braid wood, which had been closed for 25 years, report that the first consignment of crude ore, consisting of 4- tons 3cwt. 3qr. 221b., raised in .abon l~ four weeks' actual work, Avas sent to Dapto rmelting works, giving the very handsome yield of 8oz. 16dwt. 18gr. gold and loz. 19dwt. 4gr. silver per ton. Tlio Attorney-General, in view of recent abuses in the name of charity, is laying down mew rules relating to charitable art-unions by which three bondsmen guarantee that not not more than 10 per cent, shall bo deducted from the proceeds for expenses. As nearly ' all the organization of Catholic art-unions is undertaken as a labour of love, such move ments will be very little 'affected. Tike Federal Postmaster-General 'explains'' that Cabman Hannan's damages and costs had ?not been paid becawso there war no public fund from which they could be paid. After re sisting Hannan's claim in every conceivable way short of an appeal to the Privy Council, such an excuse for injustice reflects- scant, credit unon the young 'Commonwealth. It might occur to some enemy to Federation to ask from what fund the cost of the Ducal junketing came. Cabled that, 'yielding to the pressure oC public opinion, the Commissioner of.Polioe in JolKinnosburg has prohibited coloured por feons, including coolies, from using the side walks. The better class of coloured persons is exempt from this regulation.' This is the same Johannesburg which is demanding more coloured persons' to enable it to use the sidewalk with even greater dignity. And it ?mis for such toleration 'of the alien that the etifhiecked Boer was taught a lesson by John , 'Wanderer' wails''in the 'S. M. Herald'' :- I am a strong healthy man, as;ed 27, thr nappy possessor of a good appetite, I wear tliree naw suibs a year, I travel a lot on the1 railway when I can afford it, and what I spend out ot my earnings helps to keep .butchers, bakers tailors, railway men, and politicians ni work. The police only know me as a good citizen. My acquaintances know me. as a good worker, and as one fit for any position that requires brains and oommon-seiBs. I'm nob \--™.y, and I'm 'ambitious. Surely I should bo as much ii.se to the State ad any ordinary im migrant? But I must leave Australia be cause I cannot find work. ? I 'have ibeen to England, Germany, America, Africa, Tasma 'm'i ??'' 'Zenland. Melbourne, Queensland, Adelaide and could always get a living out side ol Australia, and have always, spent the money I made in other countries in AustVa ','? f don t know who to blamo. I only know ?xiiiit tlie country of my birth refuses ine the 'Opportunity of .earning a .living. :So in a weeks time if no work is available- I must ?leave my country, and my country will lose a good citizen.' On his own showing 'Wande- ?' .-« the sort of citizen we need; but we siiou'kl bo mdined to wager that he .votes the free- trade ticket. 'During the Boer Avar sympathy with Eng land's nii.ysion was openly expressed' in Kihsia, says a Jtusriaai gentleman in the daily press. Of course England's ''mission' in the Transvaal was so like Russia's 'mission' in Poland and Finland, Mongolia, and Manchu ria, that her sympathies avouUI naturally lie with the 'crushing out of a littlo people's na tionality by a big power. The following cable -appeared, but not very consm'cuously in Monday's papers: 'Mr. A. Lyttloton, ^.ic Secretary or State for tlio C'olo-iricti, hats telegraphed to Lord Milner Tiiia.t -I'D |is.,;uro.i|)iui[sure u living jluwuiu iiuo to 'disallow the Alien Labour Importation Ordinance of the Transvaal, but that it will be .inoperative for tlio prowi.t.' The Araniac's touch on the Queensland coast this week i-- one of the nan'owoiit ?escapes recoi'ded for many yawns. In the first desperate flash of ' d'ingor Capba'n Butcher, while valiantly sticking to his ship himnelF, despatched the pa^-engors in bonks, which for several days wore anxiously await ed. So far as a^certnined only one in min ing, while the ship Im been sived. A peasant woman, 'inhabitine; the village of Fiux, in tlio canton of Valid, Switzerland, rocuntly gave birth to it girl-child with two pdrfcat headn, the eyas, uo-jO, moutli, etc., being well formed and pnrtccfc duplicates. On.» head wa;-. in itr irbii 1 place, while the. socond, immediately liclrud it, 'faced' in tho.; opposite direction. 'I he precocious Janus died, after living forty-eight hours. The mother \nv indignantly re'u.s:d offers, thinly, voikcl, for the body. : The one-peso note omcit-lly issued by the Itei)iihlic ol Chile 1 lot year a\v« elated ''31 de Junk do 1903.' 'Where it the San 'Francisco 'Argonaut' thus concludes a humoroau rc fcreno'.': 'Nearly two thou-i'ind yeans and an. error of s- -do/on da.y^ have nob yet forcjd retrograde ltusiia to 1-iy as'do the Juli-m for the Gregorian calendar. In the face or the Avorld's btolid conservatism, the attempt of ?little Chile to add a day to Jiu?i» is plucky, but ssonvs to u:s foredoomed to fail.' Interviewed on the subject of the mooted Church of England ''reform' movement, the Jtav. AV. 1. Carr-Smith. incumbent of St. James' Anglican Church, Svdney, .said: 'What is called ritualism in England docs not exist in Australia, so far as my observations havo ffono. And I further would like to add that I a.m much too bibsy with the affairs of my Danish fo .«vntf-r sit. ;inv oiim\:i+, IaiictWi unrvn matters of this kind.' '.If the Establishment was full of Carr-Smiths there would perhaps bo less need for reform. The Hon. E. W. O'Sullvan at the Licensed Victuallers' picnic: 'The Government recog nised the fact that the liquor interest was entitled to consideration, and that it was here to stay. It was no uio to preach wild doctrines about prohibition that never would, and .never could, be realised. They should go on the linas of common sense, and purify the traffic, and elevate it to a 'higher plane. ' They could do a good deal towards purifying the traffic by seeing that pure liquor was sold.' In. connection with or. review of Mi\ Michael Davitt's book, ''Within the Pale,' printed in another column of this issue, the following cable, just published, is interesting: — 'Lon- don, Monday Afternoon. — The trials of the por&oiys; concerned in the murders of the Jews at lvishinieff, llivssia, 'in April lust, have ended. One of the accused was sentenced to four years' imprisonment ; sixteon to terms of,. imprisonment ranging from four months to a year; and thirty-six wore acquitted.' Looks a long while to punish the Kishinioff fiends — nearly a year. The Catholic attitude on the University question 'contrasts favourably with thait of the ^Ascendency Protestants, anid should fur nish, proof as to the consideration a Protest ant minority would receive in a Home-ruled Inaland. Tlio four-fifths Catholic majority are quite agreeable to the Dunravon proposal, which would create a Catholic College to be affiliated to bho University on a level with Trinity College. The Protestant one-fifth minority, wnose arguinenu against xiome xtiue is that it would mean Rome Rule, exhibit their own fitness to govern by howling against the prqposall to de- Protestantize the Irish 'University. ?Mr. J. -B. Sutton (president) at the Licen sed Victuallers' picnic: 'They bslipved that in the 20th century it should not bo a crime 'for a poor man to buy a drink on Sunday. ' The rich man had his wine cellar and his club, and could drink as ho liked. When the Sun day .closing law was carried, it was onlv in tended for the poor. The Act which made a man a convict for taliinjj a drink on the Sabbath was an unjust Act in a democratic country.' Some point is given to this by the common experience that it is the small hotel keeper whoso Sunday business is most re stricted. In the more fashionablo hotels a Sunday drink is quite easy. The disappearance of the Ship Inn, ,which wi'th its .coterie o'x ramshackle buildings hns been a hideous excrescence on the south western corner of the Circular Quay, will do something towards tlie .attainment of Archi tect John -Barlow's ideal of 'the 'City .Beau tiful.' The block was resinned for traffic pur ? poses 'by -tho Hail way- Commissioners, who have 'handed it over, at bho nominal rent , of Is a year till needed lo the City Council, to bo iused as ail open space. The re moval of this island of brick from one of our busiest spots will bo a palpable benefit to pedestrians; but the testhetic effect iwould ibo very much served if the background of ad vertisement hoarding were swept -away with the Ship Inn. 