OUR FEDERAL MEMBER. (Speech Feom ' Hansard, ' June 25.) Mr. Fuller (Illawarra.) — I rise prin cipally for the purpose of emphasizing the necessity of immediately passing a Bill to provide for the appointment of a High Commissioner to represent the Commonwealth in the old country. I was nnripr f.hfl imnrAsamn when va passed the Immigration Restriction Act, that its principal object was to make Australia a desirable place for white men. We know that many exaggerated statements have been made in connexion with that legislation, and many of these have been referred to during this dis cussion. These al! point to the necessity of arranging for the representation of the Commonwealth in London, at the earli est possible moment. We have been told that 'we need population. The progress of New Zealand, iii recent years, has been attributed to her liberal land policy, which has led to the devel opment of the agricultural and other primary industries. Mr. Chapman. — It has also been due to her fiscal policy. Mr. Fuller. — The honorable member for Moira directed attention to the res pects in which our Tariff fell short of requirements, so far as the encourage ment of rural industries is concerned. The New Zealand Legislature was par ticularly careful to exempt from Cus toms taxation ail implements and tools of trade, and, in fact, everything re quired by those who are engaged in agriculture and other allied industries. They saw that no advantage would be derived by rural industries from Customs duties, and they therefore left them un hampered as much as possible. We were told, when the question of giving bonuses for manufactures was under discussion, that the success of Canada \- was due to her fiscal policy, but now the - honorable and learned member for BaUarat tells us that it has been due to the stream of immigration which has flowed into, that country. The honor able and learned member also pointed out tliat the honorable member for Franklin, as a free-trader, should not entertain any objection to the introduc tion of Italian labor, because it was the [ cheapest. Mr. Dealcin. — The honorable' and learned member has missed my point. I told the honorable member that the laborers wiio were imported into Amierica were the sweepings of Europe, and were introduced because they pro vided the cheapest labor. I further mentioned that, as a free-trader, he had no right to complain of the em ployers goins: to the cheapest market for what they reQuired. Mi. Fuller. — I would point out that this cheap labor comes from protection ist countries, such as Italy and Germany, which, during the Tariff discussion, were I held up as models. From what has 'happened under the Commonwealth Tariff, it does not appear that our policy is particularly calculated to attract population. My principal object in rising was to impress upon the Govern ment the necessity of appointing a High Commissioner as soon as possible, so that our interests with n;gard to immi gration and other matters may be properly looked after m^Tiondon. Time after tinje, our. products have been dealt with in England very mu-jh to our own prejudice. In some r-aaos, butter has been sent from Australia and forwarded to Denmark, 'where it has been packed in fresh boxes. Thence it lias been sent back to London, to b ? placed on the market as first-class Danish butter. It is necessary that all such matters should receive the closest at'ention, if the interests of our producers are to be pro tected. I do not suggest that the High Commissioner should be a tfferc com mercial agent. Probably it will be necessary for the various States to re tain commercial agents in London ; but there is no reason why the High Com missioner should not have under him a staff of officers who would be able to see that our products are properly placed upon the market. I trust that the Prime Minister will give every consid eration to this important matter. 