australian butter. IS IT DETERIORATING? AN OFFICIAL NEGATIVE. , A correspondent, writing under the nom de plume of "A British Immigrant" in yes terday 'sVjssue, expressed the opinion that in butter sold in Australia as "prime" the aroma and flavor are seriouslv deteriorat- ing from what, they were ten years ago. He also said that Australia's prime butter could not fail to give dissatisfaction to the majority of 'Grent Britain's butler experts, and- suggested- that a bulk sample of Eng lish prime butter might bo obtained, so that "Australia's experts might have a con crete illustration of the uronia and flavor expected in Great Britain. When seen concerning these statements yesterday Mr. Crowe, the Victorian butter expert, said that with regard to"'- the local sale of butter as "prime" the seller, as a matter of trade pull, would use various ad jectives to market his wares, and the pur chaser must use his judgment. The fact remains, however, that our best brands are as good as ever they were, and some of our secondary brands this season have im proved considerably. Those dealing with milk supplies straight from the farms, and treating the milk on the co-operative modern factory system, arc still turning out good butter, while those dealing with home separator cream, which formerly produced a butter that varied in quality, are in some cases doing much better than before. Fur ther, there is not deterioration in the ex port butter. At the present time Victorian butter is iinndicapped by the presence in the London market of stored butter that preceded the new season's output, and lias been kept in cold stores. Over £100,000 was put into butter by speculators in Vic toria last year in the anticipation that butter would go up in value in March, April or May. They were doomed to dis appointment, and had to realise on it some how It was sold to an English firm and put in cold storage, and now it is on the market, to the disadvantage of the new sea son s butter of the same brands. We have to make sacrifices -in order to regain the footing lost in the meantime, but this will be only temporary. With regard to "A British Immigrant's" statement about the quality of butter mark ed prime," Mr. Crowe points out it might have been correct as far ns the writer's ex perience in a particular district goes. There is a section of our butter that is not as good as_ it ought to be, but Victoria's best butter is as good as ever before, and Mr. Crowe "would like to invite the writer to the Government cool stores to taste some best butter, which is fit to set on any table, as the experts here, the experts at home and the consumers at home all agree. Butter is not like whisky, and does not improve with age, and when a week or a fortnight old it loses .that freshness found in butter a few days after churning. The English butter is put on the market with that fresh flavor, and Denmark is able to send her butter in re gularly and within a short period from the time it lias been made; but the disadvan tages of sending butter from Australia are being lessened by lower temperature. It is not correct, as assumed bv the writer of the letter, says Mr. Crowe, that the ex perts are not in touch with the require ments of the home markets. Reports are received with regard to every butter ship ment, together with prices for the season. With regard to the siwestion that a bulk- sample of butter be imported, it jsnointcd put that butter, English or- Danish, lias been brought out from time to time. It dose not arrive here with the fresh flavor it possesses a few days after churning, but it lias been subjected to nnalysis. On one occasion some Danish butter ivns imported, and opened at a meeting of the Western district factory representatives, . and, though good, was found net to be nbove the butter produced in the Western districts. Three, or., four days after being opened it was not fit to cat. This' is-one of many ex periences that leads Miv Crowe to. think, that if Danish butter had . to : bear .the. voyage arid treatment that Australian but ter does it would come out at a far greater disadvantage. 'In addition to the drawback of the old season's butter being placed on the market there is some indication of an attempt 'to .bear prices at the other end. Weddcl's report of 4th December last says: — Prices for the week remain unchanged, unless for .Australian, which receded 2/ per cwt. The offers at low prices of Australian which are being made by some houses look as if a bear movement were being at tempted."- In, the .meantime the Agricul tural department hnsimpressod upon ' "fill shippers the nded' of stamping their butter plainly as "1004 senson." ... 