AMERICAN AFFAIRS. THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION, (From our Special Correspondent.) New York, September 2. 1904. Day by, day the election comes nearer; and as the hope grows stronger that there will be no trouble and that one candidate or the other — it does not matter greatly which — will, with the consent of all men, peacefully take his place in the lengthening line of Presidents, the stock market gets buoyant, factories and mills and foundries patch up plants and machinery and, mustering all the good men they can find, put them back on short time just to keep things in good shape for a coming great boon, and in thousands of offices, lawyers, and promoters, busily organise new industries, some good, many, doubtful or bad, but all ready to float forth like beautiful eilken bal loons into the unclouded postelection em pyrean. No one in this election is paying attention to the politicians; and the comic poets and prose wits of the newspapers print numberless gibes at partisan endea vors to drive a wedge into "General Apathy" and his supporting battalions. The drums beat noisily in front of the rival circus-halls, but few wayfarers can be lured within. Of course, the reason is that in this canvass there seems so far to be nothing to get excited about. Eight years ago the country was wild over the question of two kinds of currency or one: four years ago there was the same fierce enthusiasm either to stamp out "Bryanism" or to defend it; but now what is there? As Senator Bailey, for years the democratic leader in the House, has just said, no sane Democrat believes in suddenly or violently changing the tariff. Indeed, it might be said further there are perhaps as many Democrats who want to keep the tariff as it is as there are Republicans who want to see it changed. Trusts, and corporations? - for every Republican interested in them there is also a Democrat; and in this city upon the direction boards of every great Enterprise the parties seem certainly to be evenly represented, and these men, when they separate after a bad meeting, often go to the several political headquatters and: take places:. as counsel lors and leaders in formal meetings of their parties. The two men -who. organised the. obnoxious merger of the -transcontinental railroads were mr. Pierpont Morgan, the. Republican, and Mr. Hill (by birth ft Canadian), an ingrainedy dyed in-thevyfool Democrat. Mr. August Belmont and Mr. Cord Meyer, who, next to ex-Senator Hill, did most to bring about the nomination of Judge Parker are respectively the American agent of the Rothschilds. and an active vice-president of the sugar trust. Next to Mr. Morgan in the affairs of the coal trust are Mr. Baer and Mr. Cassatt, the presi dents of the Reading and Pennsylvania railroads (representing . jointly nearly £200,000,000 capital).,- J who are by' inheri tance and- conviction ardent Democrats. Behind everyone of these men, and of the' scores of other leaders of the jBame rank, there stands a great, following of inves tors in, -and of employes of, their enterprises who hold a relation to them 'like that of clients to a Roman patron; and, again, be hind each one of these, an ever broaden ing group of kinsmgn, friends and depen dents. If there were any sharp line be tween rich and poor, such as speculative socialists postulate, the rich would, of course, soon be outnumbered and over powered and unmercifully plundered. But anyone who will take the trouble to follow out the connection^ of a wealthy American family (clan, or gens, in inost cases would be the better word) , will soon see why manifest^ evils and abuses show such stub 'born strength. Of course, when conditions ar,e very bad there is usually a movement for reform even among some of those who benefit by them, and that is the way in which many, if not most, reforms are^ac compliEhed. But the point of all this is that, the conception apparently current in many quarters abroad that the rich and well-to-do are the Republican party and the poor and needy the Democratic party is an utter misconception of the truth. If Judjfe Parker should by good fortune, and against odds, be elected his receptions and dinners and other social functions will be just as rigidly fixed by established proprie ties as are those of Mr. Roosevelt. Foreign Policy. So, too, in that which most interests the outside world — the foreign policy of this country— the ^difference between Parker and Roosevelt will be one of degree and not of kind. Parker attempted ten days ago to make an issue by declaring in a - very positive manner that the Pilippinos wore entitled as an inalienable right to self government j and when some friend— as cynics say, inspired by the Parker -advance agent— said; 'and th,at means?' replied 'absolute id dependence.' But that, ac cording to Judge Taft. a member of the Cabinet, is exactly what Mr. Roosevelt also desires — that is, when the people of the Philippines have been educated up' to th^ point of knowing how l:o get what they want, or think they want, in a proper way. Mr. Beecher 4Q years ago ridiculed those who doubted the wisdom of giving the en franchised negroes votes by saying that every man learned to do better, by .doing badly ^Urst; nor ? could any man learn to swim unless he ventured into the water and spluttered and thrashed his way into a knowledge of what to do and how to do it: and Mr. Beecher's reasoning would certainly apply os well to the Filippino as to the negro. *, Still, the sad experience of 40 years has shown~that the franchise has been not a blessing, but a curse to the negro — not because Mr. Beecher was en tirely mi6takeu, for so far as his reasoning applied to immigrants, who, he said, first voted wrong, then squinted at a right vote, and the next year voted it and shillaloed one or more others into voting it also, it is not very distant from the truth; but be cause the racial difficulty in the case of che negro is practically unconquerable. The European immigrant is bone .of the Canca sian bone and flesh of his flesh, and easily conforms to the prevailing type or brings others to conform to his; in the case of the negro and the Filippino, the relationship, though perhaps equally real, is certainly farther removed. Germany and America. The net result of this abstract discussion has made it clear that Judge Parker is in favor of immediate liberation — throwing the Filippinos out into the street, ae old man Wefier did Sam— while the- President would keep them as wards in chancery1 un til they had gone through college and taken $ post-graduate course. Perhaps the mid dle course would be the wisest. But, in fact, it is the Senate Foreign Committee that really decides these things; and while to the Filippinos will be conceded each year r larger liberty, they will certainly be re quired, before receiving full independence to show wbat prudent men would regard as plain prcof of having arrived -at years of discretion. And in' other matters-* Panama, Snn Domingo, Venezuela, the -Hudson's Bay controversy— it is the con tinuous / council of the benate Committee (some of whom have served for nearly 30 years, and all of whom have been at least six- yenwOn the Senate before 'appoint- ment), that must make the final decision, although n very 'strenuous President may sometimes* do tilings that the committee wish should never have been done and that they could undo if they would, but which they deom it best to acquiesce in. Hie irravest present danger is friction with Ger many over Venezuela or San Domingo, or some other one of the many ever-occurring new occasions of diplomatic protest. to that Power.' This country has herself a very ugly . dispute with . : Venezuela, but none the less has yielded her' rights for. the sake of ridding' that coun try of the claims which, by e judgment' of the Hague tribunal, were— against American expert opinion — held to be pre ferred. Two-thirds of the Anglo:German debt have been already paid, and although 10 years remain in which to discharge the rest, it will be wiped out., in about two years more. That, as is hoped, will end for ever all connection between Venezuela and European bankers; probably, if 'the truth were known, a compact to that effect exists between Washington and Caraccas.' There 'are, however, other acute controver sies, in. one of which both Americans and Bnglifihmeii .figure as joipt claimants against aTival body of; so far as is known,' a solid mass of American stock-holders. A Ve'nezuelan court, .of notoriously corrupt construction, has given judgment against *gfe=S-i?iheae%€ielif0f 'psjrtiesj «nd*nSw.i^aj ^an:ebe ;:aon^^^ ^ fcojart; ^ ^fc^SJ60 ti?. ^spicioii, jglw^Udg inerit ipgalJisfc' iferot).^.;plaiin]ants/' 5Amen- ^aos^ ifoujd undotibtfedly/- aa :' ibey-pftfeii. JiaveTubne.jitt -the 'past, .as 'a ? fna^ter -of' national honor, : 'uphold 'the court' . at ajl .hazards. ~&6y? ton the^U^nitea'si^tee; either alone pi; in concert 'with G-reat- 'Britain, ^afesuine - Jhe ? role^that is, . consistently-- of a, director ' of the consciences of^othef peoples? X*K-; reflected,- no doubt, Mr. Roosevelt will' cut' the - knot, but what would the trained lawyer, Parker, do about it? .-.'?' ? SX': '.''?' ':? '.'?'?? ' ''European. Claims' on 'Sail Domingo. ^In San iJomlngo the situation is woree; Ihe authorities have fooled everybody^ and there are now outstanding 26,tW0,(X-6' dollars in ponds held by Europeans, while ^Germany Mows also a Jarge -further amount for damages and insulf. Jf Germany should ?occupy a San Domingo port without h'rst obtaining the consent of the United States there will certamly be trouble; but, as a precautionary, measure, every' ttermatt cruiser in American waters is shadowed, constantly ' and, without concealment, by American vessels of distinctly superior strength. Bankrupt a3 she is, San Domingo is a fairly good customer} and this com try seijs more to her thun any body else does, probab'y because American mcrchante take their pay U*ge]y ^ in what i8 praetifaJJy fog. ? »?- Tlle mterest of Germany i8 mainly in selhng to the Ban Doniirigans rice-r5,000 tons at about 80 dollars a tpn,^ Petty as is the trade is now,- San Domingo is fiv6 tinies larger than Porto Rico, and half as large as Cuba, and as fertile as either, and with stable Rovernment would become wealthy beyond the dreams of avarice.' Stdll, thia country has already once refused, formally, to annex it, although General Grant mado the necessary treaty and sent it to the Senate with a strong commendatory mes sage; for there seemed to be no way to an nex the inland without granting full Ameri can citizenship to its inhabitants, and that seemed extremely unwise «md inexpedient. As to St. rhomas, the American Senate was willing to annex it, but the Danish Parlia ment said no; and rumor says that having indirectly prevented the cession of the island' to this . country, ?' when the Kaiser sought to be allowed to estab lish there a German naval station, this was at once even more strenuously vetoed by Mr. Hay, who declared both to Den mark and to Germany that it would be taken as an unfriendly act. ??' That ended the matter, but, as ie believed, it -was also followed by a breaking off of the negotia tions for the marriage between the German Crown Prince and the daughter of ? the Crown Prince of -Denmark.. And at last, after years of delay, the statue of Frederick the Great, which, unsolicited, was pre sented by the Kaiser to the Washington authorities, and to avoid the receipt of which all sorts of shifts have been resort ed to, is now on ita way to the new- world, not in a war vessel, as was expected, but as freight in one of the Hamburg- Americau steamers, consigned to Ambassador von Stemburg, and therefore at the cost of the German Government. It is not to be placed in any public square or street, for that would probably mean that within 2i hours it would be destroyed, but in the War Col lege at Washington, where statues of Cesar. Alexander the Great, and Napoleon will be found in the same group. . Naval Activity. Two great ships have just been launched from American yards. . One of them— the Louisiana — is a battleship, ranking almost highest in tonnage and the very highest in armament, carrying 4 12-inch guns in the fore and aft turrets, and 8 8-inch guns to complete the main battery, and besides, 20 3-inch rapid-fire rifles, throwing 14-lb. ex plosive shells, 12 3-pounder semi-automatic guns, 2 3-inch field guns, and 8 machine guns for the fighting tops.. A sister shin/ the Connecticut, will be launched at the end of the month. Also, the monster freight vessel of Mr. Hill's Great Northern raiU way, the Minnesota— the queen of the Paei fie— has at last taken the water. She is shorter than the four White Star cham pion-freighters; and the Kaiser Wilhelm II. and the Deutschland are deeper than either she or they, but she takes the palm in tonnage capacity — 22,000 tons. She was built at the Groton yard, at Newhaven, Connecticut, and after stopping at Phila delphia to be inspected by all the freight people of the Atlantic coast— 700 invitations have been sent out, and the viands and the ?wines and the music will be of the best — she will sail forth 'for ah unbroken voyage around the Horn to Seattle— 15,000 miles trying -her best to beat the wonderful re cord of the Oregon in the Spanish war. When the canal is ready to be opened— say six years hence — the Pacific roads have planned to be in readiness to keep out com petitors for the Isthmian route, and to unite that traffic to the swifter traffic across the continent. The only rival would be the Canadian , line, and as that is a stock company, control of it is simply .a rnafter 'of price. ; Upon the Atlantic the buying of too many lines ' at too high a price ended in loss-^at any rate, for the time being— but upon the Pacific there is practically a virgin field. The main busi iess of the new lines will be in selling to Japan and China grain, cotton, and maize, ana in wiung rrom mere muiiiuB, yuiueittiu, fans, fire-crackers, sandals, -and other jgoods of that sort, which this Country is unable herlelf to produce, and which may there tore properly be admitted free. . American Sunda'j'-Schcol3. Australians, of -course, know that the World's Fourth Sunday-school Convention was heldlast Aprilin Jerusalem. But the statistics as to American 'Sunday-schoola prepared for that memorable assembly lave only just been published. Out of the world's total of 23,442,000 Protestant Sun day-school scholars America has 11,500,000, 'with 140,000 schools and . 1,150,000 -teachers —one teacher -to- every 10 scholars'— thislast fact, being, no doubt, the one most impor tant 'factor, of all in what everybody recog nises' as =the wonderfully far-reaching and iri-reacliing^influence of ' American' Sunday Schools. What the scholars are taught by ;\vord of mouth is fruitful, but far more so is tho close mutual relation between the teacher' and the taught— the. little parties at ihe Tiomes of ,one or the other on days of birth or days of thanksgiving, and all manner or like functions and ministries. The smaller- the class the better should be the teaching and the closer the tie; It was a Gloucester Englishman, Jlobert Raikes, who in 1780 started the first Sunday-school, but as early, as 1790 Bishop White and Matthew Carey founded like schools . at Philadelphia, and before the war of 1812 broke out the great union was established which has had so potent an agency' in Bpreading Sunday-schools and Sunday-school work in the United States. . s~ T,he village -of IShepston, Devonshire, ' 5s or some .unknown reason the only place in England shunned by sparrows. Life, it is said, is veiy pleasant in Shepstoa, 