Sinking of *tliie ''^hffftnw Venture.. .' :. .:? '. SYDNBy.Monaay. Nothing mere bas fceenihearf in regard to the tug which -nnk th» Bcbooner Ventnre off iheftiiajJi^'It is thought the . vessel uilghtiave beeo a cteamer. ? ' ? /«:&?'* ? BartbquateBattznnnfiaic; EaribqqakeB weie.^ exper^Mia last night . at Gunning. .JltVtoi calmwenhet prevailed.;.^ J^«. . Death of the Danish CobSfil OeoeraL -. -, :'',*? Mr.', Tbeodore Boeaeri, aged seventy -six, Consul-General 'lor Denmark, died yesterday in Sydney. Plague at Cairns. Two fresh eases of plague are re ported otCmroi. New Zealand town flooded. . The whele town of Opotiki, Kew Z'&land;, is under water, in parts the water -beini; 12 feet deep. Many residents bave bean rescued )... steamers and boati.. , -. Thewreotceds^. Blba. The fine new German «tean-r Elba, whea at anchor in the oc » near an island to the sonth-weit I tbe Gilbert Group, was blown on » coral reef and Blranded on 3id January. Three depsradoes at tempted to seise the vessel, but revolver slicts weie fired over tbeir heads to f lighten them. The wreck was «o!d for £76, end the crew brought to Sydney. Immigration Restriction Aot Sixteen Japanese firemen have not been allowed to land. The Lyndhurst Capital Site. It does not appear that the Minister for Home Affairs has any intention of ordering a contour survey of the Lyndhnrat site for tbe Federal Capital. Some mem bers talk of moving in the direotion of bringing pressure to bear. Sir John Forrest on the Sites. Sir John Forrest, speaking on tbe Capital Site snbjeot, said the resalts ought soon to be ready for presentation ta tbe House., He was asked whether it was intended to institute another visit of inspection by the eew members. His reply was that be had no objection, but was only speaking for himself snd not for the Ministry. There was no particular diffioulty in regard to Tumot because it was on tbe railway ; but with regard to B-mhttU the case was Different. Theie was a long catch trip from Cooma tbither, and the sudden influx of a large number of members might oiuae incunve ni ence owing to the eecomodation available. Still, he add'd, if members desired he would not object to a further inspection ol the eiten. It was difficult to find accommodation for over a hundred members at Bombkla, and it wei prefer able that Members should go in several batches lo Bombala, and perhaps to TumuL 