FEDERAL PARLIAMENT. J i In the IIouso on Tuesday, I Mr. Fisher, Minister for Customs, in reply to Mr. Conroy (N.S.W.), said tho total am ount collected on ship's stores in 1903 was £23,103. Tho amount collected was not in significant. If nri exemption woro granted in tho cdso of ovorsoa vessels, such exempt ions should, as a matter of justico, apply to all Australian ships, and to allow this would result in a serious loss of ravetui®. Thore was no difficulty now exporiencod, or irritation caused in. the collection ot tho du ty, and thero was no intention of making any alteration in tho existing practice. The Arbitration Bill was further consider ed in committee. ; Clause 46, sub-clauso 9, the Court to 'di- rect within what limits of ;aroo, if any and subject to what conditions and oxcoj-tions a common rule shall- 1)6 binding upon persons engaged in industry, whether as employers or omployoes, and whether members of an organisation or not, and to fix penalties for any breach or non-observance of the common rule, and to spocify organisations or persons to whom they shall be paid.' Mr. ! Ewing moved the insortion aftor tlio word 'direct' in tho first lino of tlio words 'with, duo regard to local circumstances.' Tho amendment was agreed to, and the sub-section was adopted. Sub-section 1, giving power to order tlio payment of. costs, but providing that no costs shall bo allowed for services of any counsel,, solicitor, or agent., was agreed to, and also' tho remainder of the clause. Clauso 4S, relating to tho minimum, wage, the Court to appoint a tribunal to fix a lowor rate, Tlio Primo Minister moved an amendment enabling the Court, if it thought fit, to fix, a lower rate in the case of employees unable to earn the minimum wage. Tlie' amendment was agreed to. Mr.' Doakin' (Vic-) intimated that lie pro posed in clause 67, with the concurrenco of tho Prime Minister, to provide that all or ganisations shall bo open to all reasonably entitled to admission, and providing against the exercise of tyrannical oppressive power. I l AVB -Y UO 1 ailU V-LIW XJ.UUBU *u~ jouriied at 10.30 p.m. I In the House, .on Wednes3ay, Mr. Poynton , (S. A.) moved the adjourn ment of the House to debato the question as to tlio sub-letting of mail contracts. On 1 a previous occasion he had referred to sub lotting between Ballarat and Rokewood, and when ho communicated with the department . ho was told that it was considered -thera had bean sub-letting, and Sir Philip Fysh, in a. communication had suggested tho cancella^ tion of the contract. Since, then tho system 1 had -developed, and 51.contracts had been sub-Jot. In tho case to which ho had drawn special attention tho contractor, got £160 : and tlia sub-contractor did- all tho work for 1 £72. Thore. was evidently, powerful influ ence at work. ? Tho Postmaster-General said thero was ' very little doubt that the letting of indivi- ' dual contracts to separate pooplo would ! largely increase tho cost of tho service. In : regard to tho Ballarat caso tho contractors ' contended that their dealings were between master and servants. If they cancolled this particular contract they would have to de fend a lawsuit. They proposed, in tho in terest of the department, to submit . to . the House tho question whethor the group sys tem should be continued. He understood that the group system ? Iiad worked fairly woll. The secretary of the department had informed him that though a sub-contractor received only £72, there was a further con sideration, Cobb and Co. having withdrawn coaches which were running in opposition on another route, and transferrin c to him their business on that roa.d. The contractor had intimated.' that if the contracts were . cancell ed, ho would- bring an action, and ho object ed to involvo tho department in legal pro ceedings, in view of the face that the. con- tract would expire* in ?-«'', fovr 'month*.' In' the circumstances, ho had decided not to take any action. The motion was negatived; Mr. Watson, Prime Minister, informed Mi'. Wilkinson that; the question of restricting tho competition of coloured aliens in the fur niture trade was under consideration ; but it was not thought practicable to impose re strictions in regard to other callings. Tho Prime Minister, in reply to Sir John Forrest, said the annual amount paid for subsidies to the P. and O. and Orient Com panies for .the carrying of mails was £72,000. For the Tasm'onian mail subsidy £9000 was paid, and for tho Canadian mail subsidies £23,870 per annum. For New He brides and other Pacific Islands services, not including Gilbert Island, £6000 was paid an nually. Nothing was paid as subsidy for the carriage of mails from Sydney to San Fran cisco. The sum of £30,172 14s 9d had beon paid to tho Imperial Government in respect of loss on .the business of the Pacific Cablo up to March ai, 1903. The Prime Minister, in reply to Mr. Eon aid (Vic.) said that if persons in tho public service in receipt of £150 a year and under were paid fortnightly it would involve ? an expenditure of £3168. In view of the cost, ho was not prepared to make a change in the present practice. '/ The consideration of tho Conciliation and Arbitration Bill was resumed in committeo at clause 48, on which an amendmont had beon moved to omit tlio provision enabling' the Court to direct as between members of ani organisation of omployers and' other per sons offering or desiring service or employ ment at the same time, that preference should bo given to such members, other things boing equal. - ' The Prime Minister said the, clauso did not provide compulsory preference for unionists; but gave the Co.urt power to dotermino tho question as in New South' Wales and New' Zealand. The provision was only intended as compensation for unionists in giving up tho right to strike. It was also to servo as a protection to tho men who fought tlio' unionists' battles against oppression and injustice. Without the clauso he believed thero would bo little hope of protection be ing extended to men from -unscrupulous em ployers. ? Tho law could nover bo effective, unless by tho aid of unions. They must have such organisations to influonco tho mon so that tlio awards of the Court could'. ' be enforced. Tho Tcralba . mining case, which had been referred . to', was one ' in point. Owing . to the action of the great bulk of the mon, tho Teralbo/ strike collap-r sed. But for that -action there ^vould liavo! been a great general strike at ' Nowcastlo. Without 'unionism it , would: be impossible to secure loyal acceptance of. ,tho Court's ; awards. Mr. Glynn (S.A.) said lio. would not only strike out the provision allowing the Court to give unions a preference, but- would in-; cludo the pro.vision that' the Court in- the circumstances should give the 'unionist prev ference over non-unioniiAt-s. . The adoption of .such a provision would be destructive of the functions of unionism. ? ? . | Mr.- Lonsdalo (N.S.W.) condemned the proposal to give unionists preference, but said ho would propose an amendmont to al low the omployer to employ any mon ho ' wished provided that they paid the fees of any organisation represented before the court.' Progress was reported, and the House ail journod tit 10. SO. In -tho House, on Thursday, Mr. Deakln drew attention to the state ment attributed to Sir Horace Tozer, the Agent-General for Queensland, that an offer 1 had been made to supply Italian immigrants to work in .the sugar plantations iof Queens land. He would like to know whether the Minister for External .'Affairs was aware of this offer, whether thero was sufficient la bour now availablo to replace tho kanaka, njid whethor thero was any warrant for, the statement that it would be impossible to introduce Italians. , Mr. Hughes, Minister . for External 'Af fairs, said ho had no official information on uiu suujeui/, unu nu unci huai uuuii w the Government. He knew of no reason why the policy of the Government rendered the working of sugar plantations imposlsiblo, or that thero was any scarcity of labour. Mr. M'Dorinld (Q.) wished to. know if the Minis/ter was aware that the Government of Queensland had imported 1000 Italians to work in connection with tho sugar industry, and that within six months tliey left 'tho plantations a,nd were working in mining. The- Minister for External Affairs, in . re ply, said he was not awarto of it, and that he would consider tho whole question. Mr. Batchelor, Minister for Home Affairs, laid on the table the Public Service classi fication scheme. D,1 t.Tif* irmt.inn f m* n-mnp' info committee of supply, Mr. Deakin. expressed the hope that infor mation would be sough't from Sir Horace Tozer, if any, and what, proposal had boon made, and what warrant lie had for his statement that it would be impossible to introduce Italians. He spoke of tho great value of. Italians as agriculturists and viti culturists, and asKea tna,t steps wouia no taken to remove the misapprehension under which Sir Horacc Tozer was labouring. ? Mr. Bainford (Q.) liotod that very careful inquiries would be made before anything! was done. I-Ie -said an offer would shortly be made to the Commonwealth1 in respect to tho .introduction of Danish immigration j Mr. Kennedy (Vic.) urged that greater op portunities .should be given for land settle ment. I-Ie attributed tho prosperity of New Zealand to what had been done in this matter. . Mr. M'Coll (Vic.) thought there wero no more desirable colonists than the people of tho South of Europe, and he hoped the Go vernment would take tho discussion as an in dication that the House would back the Go vernment up in any efforts to develop Aus tralia. ' Mr. Fislior, Minister of Customs, consider ed the incident showed the necessity for the appointment of a High Commissioner. Tho House would be pleased to hear that the output of white-grown sugar for 1904 was estimated at 27.7,900 . tons, as against J IUUS 111 JLUUO. Mi\ Chapman (N.S.W.) contended that something more definite was required from the Government. It was a noteworthy fact that whilst the people left freetrado for' pro- tectionist places, the opposito was not the caso. Victoria was, tho most self-contained State, and this ho attributed to' its protec tionist policy. He complained that lie could not get grievances remedied, and urged the extension of tho postal and telephonic, facili ties to outlying districts. ' The Minister for External Affairs said ho saw no reason why Australia should not have the benefit of Italians of a suitablo class, as . there were Italians and Italians. ' He remarked, however, that the people of Northern, races assimilated iriore readily with nur own rciip.q tlinn t.hn Tjatina. The Government,, lie assured tho House, would not place any embargo on the introduction of immigrants of a suitable character. There were plenty of white men in Queensland ready to work in the sxigar fields. ? Sir John .Forrest pointed out that the Commonwealth, controlled' no land or, rail ways, and could do littlo in a practical way to promote settlement. The matter then dropped. The Arbitration Bill was further consider ed in committee. Clauso 48, in which Mr. Johnson '(N.S.W.) had moved an amendment to omit the pro7 vision giving preiforenco to members of or ganisations when employment is sought, wns further HnTin.t.prl Mr. Spence (N:S:W.) in opposing the am endment, entered into a lengthy justification of unionism, ' and asked the Iiouso to recog nise that unions wore under the bill giving up great power in tho right .to strike. He declared that ho was not in favour of coer cion, but approved of the open door to unionism. - - ? Mr. Willis (N.S.Av.; contended that those who claimed that equal opportunities should be given to all men were tho true represen tatives of the' people. Those on the other side of the House were' class legislators. Mr. Willis (N.S.W.) said a: large body of the pooplo were non-unionists. Mr. Kennedy (Vic.) gonerally supported tho amendment. Mr. Isaacs (Vic.) denied that any mandate was laid on the court to give pio/orence to unionists. He did not beliove men* would bo compelled by, the clauso to give preference to unionists. Ho regarded tho clause as neces sary and advisable. Shortly before 1.1. ' o'clock there were re quests for .adjournment'.' Tho Prime Minister objected, unless an as surance was given that the debate would close next' day. Mr. Dugald -Thompson promised to .try, but could give no assuranco. Sir William Lyno hoped there was no in tention to- spin out the debate to wait for a certain gentleman who was on the train. The Prime Minister agreed, oil the- under- standing that efforts would be made to close tho debato 'the next day, to report progress. Tho House adjourned at '11:30 p.m. ? ? . ? ? — 