ITEMS OF INTEREST. Gold is the principal product of Ashantee. In a mile of railway there are over 2,000 sleepers. Chinamen consider it impolite to wear spectacles in company. An express engine consumes on an ave rage 10 gallons of water per mile. _ Out of 100 deaths at Taunton this year 58 were of persons whose ages averaged ' over 76J years. The amount of money sent home from the United States by immigrants from Nor I way last year was £756,000. Ah American statistician estimates that lime. Patti, during the course of her artis tic career, has sung 25,000 hours. Gold-yielding quartz has been discovered in the Carpathian Mountains, near llaidan. The production at present is about 34 gr. to } the ton. [ An egg seven and a half ounces in weight has been laid by a ben owned by a Lanca shire and Yorkshire railway signalman Ainsdale. A murderer lately hanged at Pittsburg protested against being executed on the same day and in the same gaol as a con demned negro. Paul Lagiile, an ex-soldier, undertook in a Parisian cafe to drink twenty glasses of absinthe for a wager. After drinking the thirteenth glass he feE dead. Andres Schhtzer, a brewer of Gmund, Germany, has just won a bet of £150 by drinking four gallons of beer in a sing day. Eighty-seven new houses bu3t in Paris during the past twelve months have been entered for the architectural beauty prize offered by che city. Miss Margaret Parnell Stewart, a cousin of the late Charles Stewart PameU, has made a successful debut on the profes sional stage at Troy, New York. \- It is seated by the Rev. Carlton Olive, rector of Warlegan. than be found the old parish registers, dating from 1517, used for stopping rat holes in che store-room. Alexander Machline, of Burgrandt, in Bo hemia, who made a fortune of many mil lions of marks by buying and selling rotten eggs for student "festivals," .is dead._ The latest American institution is the "Four Hours' Sleep Club." Its members bind themselves not to spend more than four hours out of the twenty-four in slum ber. blaster George R. Shaw, of Paterson, N.J., UJ3A.., has broken a large Plymouth Rock rooster to work in harness, and it pulls the cart anywhere without much effort. An American engineer has invented moving railway station platform, which wiE gHde at che same speed as a passing train, and! enable passengers to alight without the_ train stopping. "My father's father was born in 17C0. My mother died 1903—i.e., 143 years after the birth of her father-in-law." Thus writes a Godstone (Surrey) correspondent to the St. James' Gazette. Germany has 12,703 newspapers and. pe riodicals. 9,220 being published in German, and 3,1S4 in other languages. Of the 5ac ter, 1,136 are English, 951 French, 233 Dan ish, and. 193 Swedish. Lukas Mirkovitch has just died, at the age of 109 years at Stolive, in Montenegro. He was always very cheerful, and sang songs while lying in bed during his last illness up to the day of his death. By way of consoling herself for the loss of her kittens, a cat belonging to Mr. Perry, of Bury, Somerset, is suckling three rabbits. The little ones appear to be per fectly content, and are doing well. Bridget Somers, an inmate of SEgo work house, is reputed to be 114 years old. She is in full possession of ah her faculties, and can still sing an Irish song or dance an Irish jig when occasion requires. ' An artesian well, 1,515 ft. deep, which is to assist in supplying Gainsborough (Eng land) with water, was formally opened re cently. The weE is the deepest in Eng land, and the boring took six years. Admiral Dewey refused to go ashore at Santo Domingo when his fleet arrived there recently, because the American Minister is a negro, and had he landed he and his offi cers would have had to dine with him. "I am the mother of twenty-two chil dren," said,Mrs. Jemima Evans, of Ponty gwarth, at a London Police Court recently when summoned for alleged threats, "'and,*' she added, "they are all Bristol born." Permission has been obtained for the preliminary work to he commenced for the erection of the French statue on the field of Waterloo. It will he inaugurated either at the end of May or the beginning of June. Henri Deschamps, an old resident of Pon toise, fell into a river 'and was drowned. When the body was reeoVered it was found that Deschamps was a woman./ She had fought in the Franco-Prussian war as a trooper. A man at Jonesboro', 111., U.S.A., pos-1 sesses a bull-terrier which absolutely lefuses to touch flesh of any kind. His principal food consists of corn-cobs, which he eats with great relish. He is plump and in good condition; A municipal return gives the number of trees belonging to Pans as 91,45-S. All the trees on the boulevards are city property, but those in the Tuilleries, the Luxembourg Gardens, and che Botanical Gardens belong to the State. A whale was killed on the shore near Aalesund, Norway, recently. In its sto mach were found 11 bottles, unopened, of Milwaukee beer and a large tin of lobsters, which had evidently been dropped over board from a ship. A Japanese statistical pamphlet states that a Japanese may divorce his wife for talking too much. The latest annual figures show that, with, fewer than 300,000 Japanese marriages reported in the year, there were more than 66,000 divorces. A man living at Decatur, Ala., U.S.A., purchased coffins for his grown-up family of seven. His reason for so doing is that his brother, who was an undertaker, has been compelled to give up his business, so the coffins were sold cheap. A Viennese fur merchant, named Nespor. arrested on a charge of, fraud, shammed madness so industriously while awaiting trial that be eventually lost bis reason, and after serving his time in prison has had to be sent to a lunatic asylum. John Altman and his wife, of St. Louis, after losing £100,060 in disastrous specu lation, committeed suicide together. They left a note saying that they had agreed to die after chloroforming a pet cat. The cat's body was found in the cellar. The fact that the King's motor-cars are exempt from exhibiting a licensing number is responsible for the issue to the police all over England of a full description of all of his Majesty's cars, with instructions that all facilities are to be given them. John L. Sullivan, the prize-fighter, writes the New York American as follows:— "I suppose that I have been more admired by the young men of America than any other man that ever lived, excepting pos sibly George Washington and Dewey." A" dwarf, 36 in. high, was summoned in Philadelphia for being drunk and disorderly and challenging a man twice Ms height to t a fight in the street. The magistrate sen tenced him to 24 hours' imprisonment, add ing, '^That's long enough for a short man like you." • M. Gervaise de Bohun, a wealthy bachelor of Amiens, left £3,000 to each of three ladies whom he declared, he had loved from afar from lxis earliest youth. He never pro posed to any woman, as he entertained a morbid horror of being involved in a breach of .promise case. Dr. Jehn Barr, of Chicago, was buried recently in a red coffin he had made for himself years before his death. He also built the vault in the cemetery in which he was laid, while another coffin, also his han diwork, and colored blue, awaits the body of his widow when she dies. The very determined suicide of a soldier in che 3rd Regiment of the French Colonial Artillery is reported from Toulon. He first opened the veins in his wrist _and_ neck, then, after stabbing himself twice in the lower part of the bodyj drank two bottles o£ laudanum. Finally, he threw himself from the third- floor window of the .barracks. A negro who was "wanted for murder I broke into a house in Chicago and found a four-year-old girl playing with an indiarub ber ball. At the child's request the burglar joined in her game, and with such en thusiasm that the noise attracted the mother. The man-fled, but was captured by the police. A new variety of burglar paid a-visit to a saloon in New York a few nights ago. Dropping through the skylight, he emptied } the cash drawer, and then, ignoring the stimulants and cigars,, with which he was surrounded, made a meal off the^bread' and cheese on the free lunch counter, washing it down with ginger ale. An American who recently stayed at a wayside inn in Ireland says that, follow ing the European cuscom, he put his boots outside- the door to bo cleaned. In the morning he found they were untouched, and on complaining to the landlord,' that worthy said, "Sure, sor, you cud; lave ynr watch outside o' ynr dour all night in this 'ouse an' it wouldn't be touched." Simon Meltzer, a Crefeld student, was summoned before a magistrate for brawling recently. He was too busy reading for his exams., and sent his v sweetheart to re present him. She went, in'man's attire, and: was sentenced to ten Cays' imprisonment, but the ruse was discovered, and the girl received a sentence:of one-month for. "Jus-, tizrathspersonenbdeidigdrig" (insulting' a' .magistrate;)/ -. • • • 