GENERAL CABLE HEWS. London. January 4. The number of British immigrants who arrived in Canada in 1903 was 62,000. The death iB announced ftom Paris, at the age of 83, of the Princess Mathilde Bonaparte. The total amount disbursed in donations and gifts during 1903 by Mr. Andrew Car negie was £4,200,000. Mr. W. P. Reeves, the Agent- General for New Zealand, estimates that the traffic re ceipts of the Pacific cable in 1903 will amount to £77,000. The strike of bakers in Paris has degene rated Into an anarchist movement, the chief features of which are the pillaging of shops and the smashing of windows. In replying to a correspondent Mr Cham berlain declared thab alien immigration into Great Britain ought to be regulated on the linos of the legislation in the Unitod States. The death ia announced from tho United Slates, at the age of 83, of General James Longatreet, one of the leading officers on the Confederate side during the American Civil War. No New Yaar'a Day honours are being con ferred this year. In future the honours that have hitherto been conferred on New Year's Day will be glvon on Coronation Day, August 9. Thair Majesties the King and Qaeen are on a visit to Chatsworth, the country seat of tha Duke and Duchess of Devonshire. Their Majesties will be the guests of the Duke and Duchess until Saturday. The Times publishes a letter a column in length from Mr. Percey Rowland, of Rock humptou, who advocates a scheme of im perial colonisation for the settlement 6f young married people in Australia. The Rev. J, A. Dowie, the founder of Zion City and thd Zionite sect, is understood to ont&rtain; the idea of purchasing au island in America or Australia, and transferring the headquarters of Zion thither. Aa thn republic of Colombia is placing troops within striking distance of Panama, American troopB on tbe coast have been ordered to prepare for active service. Three transports are in readiness at San Francisco. The Adelaide Steamship Co. 's new steamer Grant ala, 3700 tons, built by Armstrong, Whitworth, and Co. Limited, of Newcastle on-Tyna, baa made a trial trip, on which she attained an average Bpeed of 16 knots an hoar. Siam having accepted the bases of an ad ditional convention with France, M. Delcasse, the French Minister for Foreign Affairs, has extended the period for the ratification of the convention concluded in October last year until the middle of February. Tha committee appointed to inquire into the reorganisation of tha War Office, con sisbingr of Viscount Bsher (chairman), Ad miral Sir John Fisher, and Sir George Syden ham Clarke, Governor of Viccoria, has held its first meetings *t Portsmouth. The French transport Vienne, which it was f«arei had been loot when voyaging trom Roohefort to Toulon, with a cargo of trunpowder and a crew of 60, has arrived at Oran, Algeria, in a disabled condition. Germany is trying to Recure a whaling station on the Danish WeRt Indian island of St. Thomas. Tho United States Govern ment is maintaining a watchful attitude. It holds that Denmark is bound either to soil the Danish islands to America, or to retain them. The Lancashire cotton spinners have re duced the consumption of raw cotton by one third, with the object of defeating the cotton speculators in the United States. The inter national movement to restrict tfce output of cotton ie progressing satisfactorily in Belgium, Italy, and Austria. The revenue of the United Kingdom for tbe past quarter amounts to a total of £33,540.884, against £36,172.831 for the cor responding period of 1902. Customs revflnue amounted to £8.772.915, against £9.759,970 ; excise to £10.947,000. against £11.377.000 ; and stamps to £2,080,000, against £2,130,000. The Grand Duke Nicholas Miohaelovitch. cousin and brother-in-law of tho Czar who recently returned from the Crimea to St. Petersburg, has informed the Czar thab h sisrious condition exists in the Caucasus. He has also informed his Majesty that Prince G&latzin;, the Governor of the Oauoasun, on whose life an attempt was made by the Armenians in October last, ia unequal to the task of dealing with fche revolutionary move ment, and with tho excesses of the brignnds. The famous six hattera were on an East Sydney committee that worked most strenu ously in endeavouring to secure the rejec tion of Mr. George Reid. It was juat possible that after all tbe trouble he has made on behalf of the 'excluded hatters,' George might have lost his seat through their efforts. Mr George H. Reid has gone Wont, with the intention of making personal inquiries in the State most closeiy allied with fche Rpfctiog sun, m to his chance of making a bit with his next Parliamentary move which, according to \m political frionds on tho Sydney preeg, is to take the ehapo of an attack on the tariff. 