-. 'I I HOLDINGS FOR FARMERS'' SONS. Doubtless there is much to be said for a land policy that would encourage a good class of immigrants to come to the country. It has been proved several times that the prospect of obtaining good farm lands has been the only inducement to which immigrants of a desirable class will respond. For all that, there is the point of view of the settlers now in the country to be considered. It is not more; farmers that the producers Arish for, but more mouths to out their produce and more backs to wear the manufacture from the raw material which they produce. Provided the people of the cities have some" purchasing power, the farmer cares not how big they grow. The land settlement question presents itself to him in different guise. Usually, he desires to secure land for his growing sons, in order that they may pursue the calling to which they have been trained. A very large proportion of the farms are? worked to a great extent upon the family co-operative principle. Agriculture may be sure, but it is nearly always slow, and a good many hard years are put in before the farmer can spare anything for his family. The boys work while going to school, and usually the period of school education ceases when the lad is old enough and strong enough to do a good day's work. Where crops are the main source of income, a lad generally says good-bye to school when he is able to plough and take charge of a. team of horses. On dairy farms the change comes at the period when work besides milking may be successfully undertaken. Only in rare instances do farmers pay their sons wages. They receive what is necessary for their needs, and rarely anything more. As a matter of course, the lads who remain at home become restless, and anxious to strike out for themselves. Those who see no prospect of obtaining farms will seokbllletsln stores, banks, or the Government service, and some will shoulder a swag or strike out as farm labourers. Generally speaking, the sweeping statements to the effect that the young fellows in the country are all anxious to be policemen or bank clerks are unfounded. In every community a proportion prefer light occupations and tailor-made clothes to hard work, dungarees and cotton shirts, hut as a rule the young farmer is interested in his surroundings, and in Australia specially interested in live stock. Nearly always It is necessity or the hopelessness of securing a farm for himself which sends the young fellow to the towns and cities. Some- times the father is too heavily handicapped, or he is not a successful man, and in that case it is only such of his sons as will tackle land with no money that will try to remain farmers, in this State at present there are many capable young fellows whose fathers would help them to begin life if land were easily available. The North Coast provided an outlet for an accumulation on the southern dairy farms, but now the North Coast has many young farmers who require farms. Some are reported to be going to Queensland, others to New Zealand, in search of places to settle. Inland the sons of the wheat and sheep farmers also find that the wide areas formerly available are becoming restricted, and the outlook for them is not encouraging. Of course, It must be taken into account that many farmers who could divide their places and start some of their sons will keep all they have in one holding, and endeavour to secure more in other districts. No class has a monopoly of land hunger, and farmers are not immune to the complaint. At the same time, it is certain that many cap- able, steady, experienced young fellows re quire acres on which to begin on their own account. They might stay at home and render better service to their fathers than can be had from labourers, but no young man worth his salt will stand this unless it is understood that he eventually takes over the management and a share in the property. It is for this class that resumption of large es- tables is most necessary, and they form the class most certain to succeed under the scheme. Land settlement economists are apt to overlook the fact that a pushing, cap- able class of settlers will render the scheme and the soil doubly as valuable to the country as well an incapable dependent lot. Our country, boys understand this country, and it will probably be wise to follow the Danish system for a time, and provide land for the people bred in the country. 