Itomi The cheese factory at Moruya paid 3}d per gal'on for May milk. Mr. Chas. M'Intyre, Mayor of Ray mond Terrace, died on Tuesday afternoon of hemorrhage of tbe brain. A resolution expressing the opinion that persons entrusted with the testing of milk and cream should bold a Gov ernment certificate was earned by the Dairy Managers' Conference. Economy is the surest road to wealth but there is nothing gained by neglect i g a cough or cold. Buy a bottle of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy and cure it before pnenmoDia develops. It will be economy in the end. For sale by W. Archibald, Wingham.* I The turnover for the Milton factory 8'.r six months ended April 30th was £ 14,560 6b 4d ; the previous half-year £3,106 10s 5d; making a total of £23,366 16s 9d for the year. The schooner Australia, which was ashore recently at tbe Manning River, is in Drake's Dock being re paired. She is expected to be ready for sea again this week. Nothing Unpleasant About Them. —When you Want a pleasant purga tive try Chamberlain's Stomach aod Liver Tablets. They are easy to take and produce no nausea, griping, or other disagreeable effect. For sale by W. Archibald, Wingham. The escape from the arena at Sen Sebastian of a tiger engaged 'in a fight with a bull necessitated the gendarmes shooting the tiger. They fired several volleys before killing the animal, and wounded 50 of the spectators. One -of the wounded, a lady, has since died. Peep a re fob Croup. — The time wasted in sending for a physician when a child shows symptoms of the croup, often leads to fatal results. A reliable medicine and one that should always be kept in the home ready for imme diate use is Chamberlain's Cough Remedy. It never fails and will pre vent the attack if given aa soon as the child becomes hoarse, or even after the croupy cough appears. For sale by W. Archibald, Wingham.* Terrible Sea Tragedy. — News just received from San Francisco give an account of a terrible sea tragedy. The immigrant ship Norge, with 700 Danish and Nnrwaitran Gmifranfo bound for New York, struck tbe Isle Rockall on June 22. Out of nine boats launched three were smashed against the vessel's side. Three boat loads got away. The Norge found ered suddenly, and some 600 terrified emigrants were thrown into the water or drawn down with the sinking ship. Those who could swim tried to reach the boats, which were already too full. In many cases the occupants beat off tbe drowning wretches with oars. Out of 774 souls on the Norge, 128, includ ing Captain Gudgel, have been saved. For the missing small hopes are enter tained. 