ADVERTISING AUS- TRALIA ABROAD, [By J. M. Sinclair, in The Melbourne Argns.] . The most effective way in which Anstrafeond its resources can be advertised in Great Britam with a view of attracting settlers is by having first-class collections of Products on exhibition, not only in London, bot at all the principal agricultural shows and trade exhibitions, also by tbe continuous distribution of well-prepared (handbooks. Tie settlers chiefly attracted to Canada and the United Stales are young men from the agricultural districts, small farmers, or fanners' sons. Nicely illustrated handbooks, with descriptive matter relating to the resources of each state in regard to grain production, sheep axui cattle raising, dairying, fnatgrowing, markets, freights, &e.;, give readers a general idea of the undeveloped wealth of Australia, and ram seeing the actual products, grain, wool, fruits, wines, fibres, and other prod®ee_Jit their local agricultural, shows, .the possibilities of the Commonwealth are actually demonstrated and brought home to them. —Value of Handbooks,— Thig course has been purened by Canada f« many years with most successful results, oettlers in Manitoba and Eastern Canada nave informed me that it was through reading handbooks distributed at agricultu- "ral shows in Great Britain, and seeing the atdnal productions of t3»e country side by side with their own, tbat the fact was made ™ar to them of the advantages possessed by a new country with <Aeap and fertife tend, and the opportunities given for establishing themselves as producers in it. loung men, with a certain amount of capifcWi desirous of becoming their own landlords. are attracted by the descriptions, and! when aurpie evidence is furnished by products exhibited of its possibilities they emigrate by hundreds. Canadian handbooks are beautifully illustrated, having photographic views of homesteads, farms, orchards, dairies, cattle ranches, &c.;, and also country scenes. They .are readable and attractive. Canadian agents in Great Brrfaiiji have informed me that the best results in inducing settleiB to take up land or purchase farms were-obtained by the •eoptimioae distribution of literature and fxmrakon of products. They answered far better than lectures. The lectures in towns «wire numbers of artisans, mechanics, and go»fai- labtHnrerB but ibe books- and exaauts yield infinitely better resa&j; in obtaining settlers for tie lands. The exhibition of products was always accompanied rwith very large photographs of farms, settlere homesteads, dairying, and of harvesting operations. J Imve geen forge numbers of farmers gathered roond tbe Canadian stand at a large agricultural show, examining products, obtaining handbooks, asking for information, and viewing the large photographs of fanm scenes with the greatest of interest. The agent in charge of the s&nd; was always kept busy giving information. I. frequently recommended this method of showing Victorian products and distributing literature to the Departmait of Agriculture, recognising its great value, not only in attracting desirable (settlers, but in aiding the extension of trade in products also. —Lantern Sides.— • -Another course should be to provide agri- ™tiiral colleges and dairying schools in vxreat Britain with lantern shdea of views of Australian vineyards, orchards, farms, butter factories, and. the work carried- on m connection therewith, also stock raising, &c.; These institutions should also be sup pKed with iHustrated handbooks. They would convey to agricultural students an idea of the systems pursued in Australia.; and, as the students are generally the sons of wellto-do farmers or of men who are desirous of starting them on land, thev would obtain an idea of the posgujuufees of Australia as a field for settlement. I found these colleges had lanterns for this work, and I have been applied to for views, but could not supply them. Nearly all the large schools m Great Britain have magic lanterns which are used in connection with lessons on geography, and views are given of many things relating tb other countries. Supplies of lantern slides showing principal cities, typical country towns, scenery, ports, rivers, lakes, of Australia, and views of orchatds, farms, vineyards, stations, and some of our important industries could be sent to the principal schools. They would convey to youths growing up an impression of Australia and it« jre-alth and resources which would never W forgotten, and would remain with them when they attained manhood. The Chairman of the School Management Committee of School Boards of London informed me thai they would gladly utilize lantern slides if they were provided by the Government, and that the* would be of value in instructing boys in tie advanced a classes. Handbooks could also be sent to schools in Great Britain. Every public li brary, reading room, club, library, farmers' cub, aqd agricultural society should be supplied with copies of the Australian handbook. Under federal direction there is nothing to prevent every member of these agricultural societies receiving a copy. From the available photographs on hand relating to agriculture and viticulture, I was able to have a number reproduced in agricultural and horticultural papers in Ekigland, with descriptive matter, the editors expressing their willingness to accept further illustrations, also articles relating to these industries in Victoria. a —Passenger Fares.— Complaint was made by many that the cost of passage to Australia was so high, compared to the low rates across the Atlantic to Canada or the States Arrangements C might be made by the Federal Go- vernment with one of tbe companies owning c the large steamers going round the Cape, so that emigrants with a certain amount of capital desirous of settling in Australia might receive passages at moderate rates. Every inducement should be held out to small farmers from Germany and other Continental countries to come to Australia. o No one can travel through the United States or Canada without being impressed with the large number of industrious, thrifty, and G law- abiding people who have gone there t from Germany. Sweden, Norway, Denmark, France, and Italy. Americans say it is the admixture of nationalities wl£ch has made the states so progressive and prosperous. People belonging to one race possess inherited traits, and are inclined to follow old systems and methods. In tbe United States tbe maxtare of races seems to have brought about the development of fresh and progressive ideas in all industries. Tliese transplanted races attach themselves to their new country, and in t.he second generation are thoroughly assinrifeted nationalized. Minnesota, and the two fine cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul are largely peopled with Norwegians and Swedes or their descendants. —Continental Immigrants.— In an extensive tour I made in the western agricultural states, the names of a majority of the progressive thrifty farmers often led me to ask myself where were the representatives, of the Anglo-Saxon stock? In our own farming districts we have German, Swisfl, and Danish farmers and fruitgrowers, who are a credit to tbe state, and regard themselves with pride as part and parcel of the community engaged in working out the destinies of Australia. All encouragement therefore should be .given to thrifty Continental people to come and settle on Australian land. —Murray Settlements — The densely populated, prosperous irrigation settlements of CaKforma. and Coiarado furnish condasrc proof that a large population can be settled in Australia when the locking of our rivers and the conservation Of water receives due attention. Tie conservation of the Murray. Mnrrujnbidgee, and Edwards surplus waters would provide for an area of fertile country sufficient to support hjindreds of thousands of settlers. In Canada the long, severe winter, with the eoil frozen and work su^ended for months, is a drawback to that country, and often it is ntot realized by settlers until afCer they lave located themselves. —Northern Australia.— Australia, from tropic to temperate zone, furnishes a choice of climate and conditions such as no otber country can give. K Great Britain cannot supply settlers for parte of northern Australia, encouragement might be offered to desirable people from southern Europe, furnishing them with land on easy terms. The thrifty peasantry from northern Italy and south of France, if successfully settled in northern Australia, woald form prosperous communities in territories not utilized at present. I have seen colonic-? of French and northern Italian settlers in the ATrentine Republic. The open pampas country had been transformed by them, all classes of production being dealt with. The Argentine Government, by granting laqre areas cf land on cheap terms, has, by means of agents, attracted thousands of people. Queensland. South Australia, and Western Australia' have large areas of fine country in tbe north with good harbours and rivers, not likely to be settled by British people, except as cattle runs. Such ennntrv might attract people from southern Europe. Hie Argentine Government seme yeans ago, in order to induce settlement, sold 20.0011,000 acres to syndicates and others at 2/6 per acre, on condition that settlers were _ it in. The result was thit agents wait to Germany, Switzerland, Italy, and FigjxqSj aad brought back of peasantry, steamers carrying them at speciality low rates. —A Swiss Settlement.— When in Sooth America I visited some of the colonies, and they were all prospering, I remember tbe impression made by a Swiss settlement in the province of Santa Fe, and the appearance of the well-tilled farms, with orchards and vines. The town, with treopianted streets^ neat, churches, and large scboolhouses, was indicative of the thrift, industry, and intelligence of its inhabitants. The large flour miR was owned by a Swiss, who showed with pride his extensive building and>plant, and referred to his small beginnings of a few years previously. Such people, if sufficient inducement were given, would settle in many portions of oui Northern Territory, and become wealtb producers, transforming the OTlderness into prosperous country. —Irrigation.— A tour through the Jar west of the United States, even the arid regions of Colorado, Wyoming, and Nevada, would be a revelation to many Australians. The influx of population has meant rapid advancement, the reclamation of almost desert land, fay water conservation and irrigation, and closely settled communities stretching out in all directions. We do not realise fuOy the resources and capabilities of onr own great country or what it would become if it bad a large population on its wide areas of fertile lands. 