TO THE FRONT. I - . as MODERN SIBERIA. BEYOND THE BAIKAL. BY THE "HERALD'S" SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT, ANGUS HAMILTON. I [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] KARIMSKIA, May U. Lake Baikal may be said to doune the south-eastern limits of Siberia. Beyond the lake, along the eastern littoral, the jurisdiction of the Governors of Siberia is replaced by the Government of Trans-Baikal. The change affects, however, only the political conditions, since there is a marked continuity of ethnographical and physical distribution throughout the territories which surround the lake. Geographically, too, Siberia, in the north and north-east, continues, embracing- a vast and little known land, in interminable expanse of dreary forests and desolate frozen wastes, which run almost coterminous with the frontier of Kamchatka. This region, the real home of Siberian fiction, Is sacred to the novelists of a past generation, and in any appreciation of the economic future of these areas It must not be confounded with the Siberia lying between the Ural Mountains and Lake Baikal. THE LAND OF THE FUTURE. Modern Siberia, the region of agricultural promise and great auriferous wealth, is a land of the future. It is' divided into Western, Central, and Eastern Siberia, the three districts possessing a comparative autonomy of their own, while their executive heads are responsible solely to the corresponding chan- cellery in St. Petersburg. The Government of Western Siberia, of which the son, is Tobolsk, is essentially the agricultural district of Siberia. From within it eggs and butter are despatched to England, and to-day, under the fostering care of the Imperial Government, the nucleus of a butter trade has been created which some day may be expected to rival the quality and quantity of the butter which Denmark ship's annually to England. Indeed, there is little doubt that a considerable proportion of the butter which Siberia now Bends to Riga appears eventually in England as Danish butter, the Siberian commodity not yet having achieved a position which would enable it to be accepted without this disguise. Western Siberia, described officially as the Government of Tobolsk, comprises ten provinces, possessing an aggregate area of over 78 000 square miles. It boasts a population of 3,000,000, eight per cent, of this total being Asiatics; and, since it is the district nearest to European Russia, the local authorities register, and to some small extent control, the immigration to Siberia. MINING AND FORESTRY. The area of Central Siberia, the Government of Tomsk, is 040,000 square miles, of which nearly the half is Crown land. The seat of local government is Tomsk, with a population of 40,000 souls. In contradistinction with Tobolsk, Central Siberia is devoted almost exclusively to mining. The native population is insignificant, and the permanent settlers are the residue of the many mining camps which are scattered throughout the district, during dominates the entire area, although there is an agricutural zone, where a greater degree of prosperity is found than that which distinguishes Western Siberia. Eastern Siberia lies between Tomsk and Lake Baikal, comprising the Governments of YeBisolsk Irkutsk, with the barren and desolate regions of the Yakutsk territory In the frozen north. Northern Yeneiselsk is composed of a wide belt of'"bad-lands," and is practically unfit for cultivation. To the south, however, these unfortunate features disappear, the swamps and stony strata giving place to open prairie, with many secluded ravines and the fertile slopes. These advantages are not sufficient to attract any permanent settlement, however, and the agricultural promise of this wide undulating steppe Is ignored in preference to the more remunerative and less exact- ing search for gold in the ranges and riverine deposits of the watershed. In addition to the mineral wealth, there are the forests, but neither mining nor the cultivation of timber Is intelligently'developed, the present method of procedure entailing; endless wastage TRANS-BAIKALIA. Beyond the Lake, and excluding the northern arctic territory, the Trans-Baikal provinces are, to general, superior to the Siberian lands. There is more wealth of timber and greater variety in the flora and fauna; the open plain is sheltered by a protecting belt of forest, and, as a whole, it is a well watered and productive region, containing the fruits of an agricultural Industry with the power to support a large population. Unfortunately the Russian immigrant is constitutionally lazy and indifferent to the necessity of taking pains. There is no doubt, therefore, that his Intense conservative ness will make him neglect Trans-Baikal in the same fashion that he has treated the corn lands of Siberia. in the hands of such a class as that which the Russian Government has been compelled to settle in the three Siberian districts, there can be no prospect of any material success awaiting their appearance in the Trans-Baikal. Moderate prosperity, in a degree probably greater than they would have en- , joyed in European Russia, might befall them', but the period of their success would be measured by the natural productive qualities of the soil. When these fail the peasantry, who had been living upon the land, would revert to its original condition of impoverishment. There is an immense area to be settled, and provided that an efficient system is established there is no reason why the Trans-Baikal, Amur, and Maritime Provinces should not absorb some part of the surplus population of European Russia with conspicuous advantage to the interests of the State as well as of the individual colonists. To ensure this, however, care must be used in the selection of the colonists who are to be sent to the provinces beyond the Lake. Hitherto, the serious congestion existing in European Russia has prevented the authorities from exercising any discretion in the matter of the settlement of Siberia. All who came voluntarily were welcomed; others, by far the larger part, were without a voice in the transaction, the Government itself supporting the more thriftless in their penury by generous grants. In consequence of this proceeding, the colonisation of Siberia has been fashioned upon disastrous lines. The Immigrants satisfied with the knowledge that their Government would protect them, have only cultivated sufficient land for their immediate wants. In short, the benevolent patronage of the Imperial Government has recoiled upon 1 its own head, the Russian peasantry lacking both the character and the stamina to turn the change of environment to their own ad Vantage Except in certain naturally favoured localities, in which, too, the settlers have been of a higher order, Siberia has not pro- fited by the system at present in vogue, and unless a more strenuous spirit is inculcated among future Immigrants, the rich and fertile areas of this coveted possession must enjoy only aJtmitcd prosperity. Since this has been the fate of Siberia, it behoves the Imperial Government, now that the. settlement of the I provinces beyond Lake '''Baikal is in active progress, to proceed with circumspection. Provldontially, Siberia lies between European Russia and the colonial dominions' of Russia in the Far East, and the accident of location has constituted Us areas the dump- ing ground for the immigrants of the older country. It is manifestly injudicious to repeat, however, in the greater provinces beyond the Lake, an experiment which has been of such Signal futility in Siberia itself. The pauper and State-aided immigrant must be confined to Siberia, the Amur, Maritime, and Trans-Baikal Provinces being set aside for free and independent settlers. This division of the agricultural areas of Russia beyond the Urals gives to the intelligent class a 20110 rich in opportunities, AVhllo, similarly. It releases for the Indigent peasantry a wide belt of country capable of supporting any community which may be transferred to it, and at the same time providing a maximum of profit for a minimum of labour under slightly better conditions than those which existed in European Russia. The actual area of those three provinces is immense, and the character of the land is best revealed in the fact that arising out of the creation of those agricultural settlements, an increasing trade in farm pro- duct) has sprung already into existence between these provinces and Central and Eastern Siberia. In round figures, Trans-Baikal covers a little less than four hundred thousand square miles, the Amur district three hundred and fifty thousand square miles, and the Maritime, province thirty-three thousand square miles. The latest report of an official order dealing with their population estimates the number of settlers at rather more than fifty thousand. A SILENT, UNCONSCIOUS TRANSPORTATION In these Far Eastern dominions It may be that Russia possesses the key determining her future. In the economy of the. future state Siberia and Trans- Ballcalia will play their parts. Each in its own way will contribute to the creation of a new class, Independent and individualistic, which will be different to those over which Russia hitherto has ruled. Within the limits of the old Empire such a development would be impossible, but in the Far East, where environment exercises a controlling influence, there is already indication of the changing order. Throughout her dominions in the Far East Russia has ended-, oured to check its growth, but the atmosphere of the new land has been too strong. Quito slowly there has been a silent unconscious transformation, manners and customs have been modified since there was evidence, too, of another world where life was quite different. It had little enough relations with China or the Chinese, but it was concerned more directly with America and Europe. The Impetus once given, however, there was a gradual diversion from the old channels until the movement towards the colonisation of her Far Eastern territory quite failed to preserve Its exclusive Russian character. Indeed Russia is becoming possessed of a population in the Far East which Is colonial In Its origin and cosmopolitan in its associations. The influence of marriage, the requirements of trade with its concomitant enlargement of Ideas have been important factors in the row life, preparing the way for the recognition of yet another Russian people in the country beyond the Baikal. 