The J apanese War. The garrison at Port Arthur is grea-1y emaciated. The -city is uninhabitable. The dead are throvn into tbe dock near] Golden Hill, and covered with a few inches] of wDter. j The EuBBiEns are refilling old Chinese] shvlls. Many contain half a bursting charge, the rest of the space beinc filled' with wood. The army warehouse in Port Arthur ' was bombarded ou November 6, caused a confla gration. - Shel s exploded the magazine, of the old battery in Sung-shu-sban ? Mr. Bennett Burleigh says that the Japan ese fire compels thn warships in the harbour to constantly shift their position,' ? . Auither sally by the remnant of the Log sun fleet is expected. ? ? It is stated at St. Petershnrg that a Brit ish steamer has delivered 40,000 projectiles at Poit Aithur. Two companies of -Russians on 7gesday night -attacked Japanese oulpoBts on the SUa ho, but were repulepd. Kear- Admiral Foplkerssn's section of tbs Baltic licet Las arrived it Suda Bay, On te. Tbe Grand Duke : Alexis AlexanderviUh has thanked the captains of the Smolensk and Petersburg for the manner in which they executed their commibiiou. Admiral Alexeieff received a warm of ficial welcome in St. Petersburg, bat some people in tbe crowd hissed him. The Russian Minister for the Interior fast informed the Ozir that the war is causing a steadily increasing and dangerous discontent amongst the people. It is reported that Japan is trilling to en tertniii the good -offioers of President Boose velt or King Edward to end ' the war, but Russia resents' the idea. The Jupfl'nose Government has remons rrttaJ with France regarding the coaling and provisioning of the Baltic fleet ia French colonial ports. General Sakharofi reports that the Japan ese made attacks .on the village of Wuchang on Friday night and were repulsed. Serious anti-Semitic riots occurred . daring the mobilisation of troops at Vitebsk, near St.. Petersburg. Jewish residents were un mercifully beateu, oiie being killed and 50 injured, ,. Many peasant reservists at KanefT, in the Government of Kitff, have pilloged and bur ned mansions, protesting that the landlord! ought lo go to the front. The 'Standard * states thnt letter! which have been received from officers of the Bal tic fl.-et tend to confirm the statement that tbe Russians attacked their own vessels. The remainder of the Baltic fleet at Libau will shortly sail for the Far Enst. . Danish torprilo vessels are watching to protect Danish merchant men and fishermen. : Nearly all 'the Russian newspsprirs resent L'ird Lansdowne's Guild-liull speech, and are offended hrcavitp}»t, ignored the .state ments' made by officers of thn Baltic flfet. ' M- Dfilcasee delivered a powoiful speech in tlie Chamber of Deputies in support - of ibe Anglo-French con ven ion. ' He said that whit England . had aban doned was paiticulaily preciouk to France, anil both nutions ought to be satisfied. The Premier of Frnnee has' introduced a hill proi-iilii'ig for tbe separation of Church ant) State. Two hundred Transvaal delegates at Pie foria hive recoinmendHil the prohibition of all Asiatic immigration unices uuder tbe lalour oidinftticp. Thr ' Morning Pust' vtntes that all par lies in Franco' wplcdiiie the gnunestiotiB of Mv. John ILiy, United Stu'es Secretary of ?Stitr, n'snrding ilui proposed second Puaee Ooiifi rencp. The. Viotoriiui Oltib'n spring meeting wa« . run nt Could' Kl on Smurduy. Rtsvuud won tin1 O:ub Hondicnp, M.iritie being second and Au-ttnlin third. The oyt'lum curnivnl wns co'itiiiui-d on 8 i ii! day niuht. A f 'ii lure if I ho rating *»« a »p oiul nmti'li hut t#n (lirfUnces bet ween M.gdon mill \V -Iker, the foiim-r witj iiiiig ixiih uveiitK. The ilunl of the Orient l'\An wbk won hy MDoim d, ICIIigmd only tUcOivdvd in wini.injj pnliuiin. ft hiati, 