NEWS OF THE DAY. The Australia, one of the best equipped of the Peninsular and Oriental line of mail steamers, drove on the rocks at Port Phil lip Heads at 2 a.m. yesterday. The total value of the vessel and her cargo is esti- mated at about £300,000, and although the greater part of the cargo may be saved it is feared that the Australia is a hopeless wreck. The first news of the disaster was conveyed to the public by "The Age" before daybreak yesterday morning. Four special editions were Issued giving the latest news from the scene of the wreck, The ship now lies on the Point Nepean rocks, just outside the Rip, and within a comparatively short distance of the cliffs, but with stormy weather there is a danger of her breaking up very rapidly. The Prime Minister expects to deliver the next Federal Kudget statement in the llouso of Representatives in the last week in July. But for the change of Govern ment, and the necessity for Mr. Watson exercising general control over the Cabinet, he would be able to fix an exact date, Mr. Watson, speaking of the financial outlook yesterday, said that one very encouraging feature is that the postal revenue is keep ing up very well. The department is still suffering a loss owing to the cutting down of the telegraph rates, but there were in creases on other heads. The Prime Minis ter and the Postmaster-General are now arranging for an improved bookkeeping sys tem at the Post Office, by means of which the telegraph and telephone revenue will be kept separate. Mr. Watson was asked yes terday whether in years to come the Fed eral Treasurer would be able to publish monthly revenue statements. The Prime Minister declared that until the statutory bookkeeping period was over this would be almost impossible. A meeting of the State Cabinet was held yesterday, when the necessary arrange ments were made for the opening of Par liament on Wednesday, the 20th inst. The commissioners for the opening will be the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice a-Beekett. Consideration was given to the measures which are to be submitted during the ses sion. Included in these arc the Lamb Settlement Bill, charity reform, Mr. Swin burne's Water 'Supply Bill and Mr. Bent's latest proposal— the bill for the amalgama tion of the shipping bodies. . The Water Supply Bill will contain proposals which will revolutionise the . present system of trust management, on the lines indicated by the Minister during his election 'cam- The Minister of Customs signed yester day the royal commission about to bo issued by the Governor-General constitut ing the "Victorian Butter Commission a Federal body. At a later stage in the in quiry the Federal Government may en large both the scope and personnel of the commission, in : order that the question of the federalisation of the entire produce ex port trade of the continent may be in quired into, on the lines of recent South Australian experiments. The Minister of Customs points out that the mission entrusted to Mr, Lockyer, the 'New South Wales Collector of Customs, who is about to start on a departmental in spection tour round to Port Darwin, is pri marily connected with customs administra tion. Matters relating to alien immigration and the Japanese on the pearl fisheries may be inquired into by Mr. Lockycr at the re quest of other Ministers, but there will be no appointment as roynl commissioner. Speculative operations with regard to Victorian butter are not confined, it would appear, to this end. In a letter dated 20th May from the General-Agent's office in Ban dot), announcing the arrival that, week of the steamship Nineveh with 200 cases of butter in good condition, the writer says: — "The demand for Australian butter re mains very quiet, and most of the nrrivals have been put into cold store. In some in stances wholesale dealers are buying butter and storing it for a rise in the autmnn, and 'it is fully expected that there will be a large accumulation of stored butter in this market by the commencement of the au tumn." The -best prices obtained that week for Australian butter were from 82/ to 80/ for choicest; Danish realised 93/ to 05/. and New Zealand 84/ to 86/. No time is being 'lost by the Premier in putting into shape bis proposal for the amalgamation of the shipping bodies. He had an interview yesterday with Mr. M'Kie, the secretary of the Marine Bonrd, and Mr. Maclean, engineer of ports and harbors, re garding the proposed amalgamation. The Parliamentary draftsman was present dur ing the interview. Mr. Bent stated subse quently that ho had given instructions for the preparation of a draft bill for amalga mating the Marine Board, the Harbor Trust and tlic branches of the Public Works de partment that attended to dredging and jetties. His idea was that there should be a board of three commissioners, as in the case of the railways, to control the new body. The chairman should be a thorough ly competent m4n, receiving a fixed salary; the other two commissioners, to draw fees, The commissioners should have a free hand, Mr. Bent considered, but they should bo under a responsible Minister, who would have to be consulted on matters of policy. He was not ignoring the fact that the Federal Government proposed in its Naviga tion Bill to take over some of tho functions of the Marine Board, but those that re mained would be transferred to the now body. The unsatisfactory manner in which an assistant inspector at the Government cool stores, when giving evidence before the royal commission on the butter trade last week, described the method of testing but ter is the subject of an explanation by the Director of Agriculture.- Mr. Wallace at tributes the breakdown of the witness La extreme nervousness; Mr. Wilson, the officer in question, knows his business, but is not able to explain lucidly in public what he does know. Mr. Wallaco goes on to say that "the system adopted by inspec tors of forming conclusions by tests of taste and smell, touch and sight, is univer sally ad- opted at agricultural 6hows, and is applied largely to other articles of com merce, than butter. Tea is given as an in stance. A man secures his title of cx))ert from his capabilities of arriving at conclu sions as to the quality from tests of this nature. There were approximately 12,000 tons of butter exported last season, artd, as each box weighs 56 lb., there would be 480,000 boxes -in the 12,000 tons. Fifty pel cent, of this number examined woidd mean opening 24,000 cases.- To make a complete chemical analysis of 'this number, allowing an analyst twelve samples a week and dis tributing .-the export ovqr a period of 20 weeks, would require the services of 100 analysts. Mr. Wilson, the director con cludes, appeared to do what is correct in only sending those samples for chemical analysis where his tests indicated to liini that the quality was not what it ought to be." Matters in connection with the future mail service to England are still in an un certain state. The proposal which is most acceptable to members of the Ministry is that the contract, which is to begin in February next year, shall be in two parts. There is to be one contract purely confined to a fortnightly mail service to alternate with tho British contract with the Feninsu- lur and Oriental Co., and there is to l>e an other con t met, to be entered into by the Minister of Customs, which will be practic ally of a trade character. The first con tract will specify exactly how much the country is to pay the shipping companies for mail service only. The second contract will pre sumably provide for a Government subsidy to secure special conditions with regard to tho transport of frozen produce and other exports from Australia to Europe. Neither contract is likely to run longer than three years, as in 1008 it is likely that the Federal Government will unite with the Imperinl Government in the inauguration of scclion- nl mail services on the lines laid down in the departmental committee's report, a summary of which was published in yester day's issue of "The Ago." The 1'ost master- General has prepared an exhaustive memor andum on the whole subject, which will be laid before his colleagues this week, and it 1W1V lip pvnpfli>f| llm I fiol inn tliPfpnn will bo taken before the end of the month. Tn certain States some difficulties have arisen respecting the areas within which "town" and '"country" differential postal rales respectively apply. To settle the matter a regulation lias been passed defin ing the city area in the case of the metro polis of a State as the districts within a radius of J3. miles of the G.I'.O.; a town area as the district within one mile of the local post; office for every town with 3000 inhabitants, the area to extend to eight miles at the rate of one extra mile for every extra 3000 inhabitants. T'he Federal public service classification scheme, which lias been delayed owing to 'the great amount of printing which it lias involved, will, it is expected, be submitted by the Commissioner (Mr. D. C. JI'Luch- fcin) to the Minister within two or three days, and will probably lie laid on the table of the House before the close of the Parliamentary week. -Mr. M'Lachl.m slates that his annual report on the service will be available at the same time. A somewhat remarkable change of front has been exhibited by the authorities of the P. and 0. Company in London with regard to the facilities -previously allowed to the representatives of the General Agent's office for the inspection of consignments. Tltc R.M.S. Mongolia arrived in London on 14th May with 2920 cases of apples and pears. Mr. A. G. Berry, then of the Gen eral Agent's office, proceeded to the docks as usual to inspect the shipment. The repre sentative of the P. and O. Company at the docks informed him that he had received instructions from the directors to allow no one to open eases or packages of refriger ated cargo forwarded by their steamers. Mr. Berry protested against the withdrawal of the facilities which had hitherto been given, especially without any notification to that effect. A telephone message to the head office only brought confirmation of tile instructions. Mr. Berry had. therefore to content himself with a view of the cases as they were being discharged. The cases, he says, were in many instances wet with the ooze of fruit juice. He followed the fruit to Covent Garden, and noted that when the cases were opened a number of them showed .considerable wastage. The prices obtained were poor on the whole. The, Nineveh a week later brought 1946 cases of apples and 100 eases of pears. Much of the fruit was in poor condition and was condemned by the sanitary authorities. Cases marked JP over G were specially bad. J. lie lasmanian fruit was in marked contrast, and the excellent condition in which it arrived points to t'he conclusion that the Victorian fruit was over ripe when packed. Much of the Victorian consignment was sold as "boxes with contents." It seems appn.rent that if the reputation of Victoria as a fruit exporting country is to be estab lished there will havo to bo an efficient sys tem of inspection at the port of shipment. A movement is on foot to establish an athletic association in connection with the State schools of Victoria on lines similar to those which have been adopted in New South Wales, where it has proved an im portant factor in training the future mem bers of the senior cricket, football and other athletic clubs. The matter lias been brought under the notice of the Director of Educa tion by the secretary and several members of the Victorian .Football League, nnd by a number of teachers, with a view of getting the department to ussist in forming such an association among the State schools of Melbourne and suburbs. It is pointed out that an athletic association will not only provide a stimulus for physical training, but it will help to encourage an esprit de corps in the schools. It is proposed to divide the schools into groups, and to ar range a programme of competitions in cric ket and football among the groups. Mr. Tate lias arranged to call a meeting of teachers and representatives of sports as sociations at an early date to consider the matter. The returns which candidates at the re cent State general election are required to furnish under the Election Expenses Limita tion Act within 31 days of the declaration of the poll are coming in very slowly, Among those that have come to hand are some that show that it was not necessary in every case to spend a. lot of money in contesting an election. The limit for a candidate for the Assembly is £150, and for a candidate for the Council £400. The expense bill for four of the new Legisla. tive Councillors did not exceed £80, while in one case it was as low as £40. One member of the Legislative Assembly, who was returned unopposed, was in the excep tionally fortunate position of being able to return his expenses as "nil." A voluminous report on the State educa tion system in New Zealand, as observed by tile Director of Education during his re cent visit to that colony, lias been prepared by that officer. Mr. Tate has been greatly impressed with various features of the New Zealand system, notably its secondary schools, with the liberal provision for scholarships, and the method in wldeh the maintenance of buildings is carried out. The report is n scathing commentary on the de fects of tho Victorian system, and, inter glia, there is aoino very plain speaking by the director. The Minister is at present engaged in digesting the report. The alteration in the plans for the super structure of the new central railway sta tion, necessitated by the decision of the Government to provide for twb groups of shops an the building, was the subject of a conference yesterday between the Pre mier and the Chairman of the Railway Commissioners. It is proposed to construct about 20 shops, and in addition about 120 feet of the basement will be made avail able -for letting. Mr. Tait intimated that the amended plans and revised estimates would be ready in a couple of days. It is understood that the Government will set aside £70, 000. this year as a first instalment of the cost of the building. The Prime Minister fully recognises the importance of the question of defence ad ministration reorganisation, and intends to consult the Minister of Defence on the subject very shortly. Mr. Watson sees that matters must not be left to drift till Gene ral Sir Edward Ilutton leaves Australia. Senator Dawson is expected to bring be fore his. colleagues a scheme for the crea tion of a Defence Advisory Board and the establishment of the office of Inspector- General bqfore tlic end of the present month, in order that full discussion may take place amongst Ministers. , The following is the text of the Prime Minister's message to the Governor-Gene: rnl re the Wilton case, sent to Lord Norlli- cote last week: — "Referring to The Secre tary, of State for the Colonics' despatch dated Till April, No. 55, re Wilton, shall he pleased if yoiir Excellency will telegraph Colonial Office to the effect that Wilton's father, a much respected resident of this State, is seriously ill with heart disease, and' not expected to live many weeks. Viewing this fact, and also that the term when Im perial authorities promised to reconsider tlic ease expires iti February next, this Go vernment desires to represent that if the immediate release of Wilton eau be granted it would be regnrded as a gracious act by the relatives and by the general public of Australia."' A curious state of things exists in the Post Office with reference to the elfcct which deviations of mails from one route to another have upon the remuneration paid to the contractors. Mr. Malion, J he Post master-General, finds that if a deviation adds to the weight of the mails which a contractor has to curry he cannot increase tlic subsidy paid to the unfortunate con tractor until the hitler' agreement expires. In one recent ease a deviation added to the weight of mails carried in a certain New South Wales district by nearly 2 civt., necessitating the use of a two-horse instead of a single horse vehicle. No increased grant is, however, to be given to the vic timised contractor, Post mortem presents are a form of bene faction which finds favor with the treasurer of the Queen's Fund, a charitable institu tion which was founded by women and is managed by women for the benefit of women. At the annual, meeting of the supporters ot tile tund, wiiich u#s held at the Melbourne Town Hall yesterday, Mr. H. G. Turner, who fills the office men tioned, stated that Lady Ixicli, when launching tlic fund, was emphatic in her in sistence that the charity should not be al lowed to come into conflict with tlic philan thropic institutions, and that the munugers ' of the fund should not canvass for subscrip tions, desiring that the donations should he purely voluntury. He said he advocated the desirability of the friends of the fund remembering its clnims in their wills. .It was not altogether" a cheerful idea, he admitted, as a burst of laughter greeted his suggestion, but whilst making (their wills a trifle given to the Queen's Fund would help, lie thought, to tido them over a cheerless undertaking. Senator Sir William Zeal, speaking later in the meeting, went one better than the trea surer. Ho said he thought it would be mora profitable to the institution if people did what they could without waiting till they prepared their wills. Some folks who had largo means at the present time might ii) the future, through a series of adversi ties, have nothing to leave in the form of bequests. He added that he was prepared to make a donation of £10 10/ there and then if other members would do what tlicy could. 'I'll is practical illustration of the proverb his dat'qui cito dut was warmly applauded. The Philanthropic Society, which has for its object the reclamation pf habitual drunk ards, is desirous of getting a suitable 6ite on which to csloblish a retreat. A deputa tion from the society, consisting of tho Rev. Dr. Bcvan and Mr. F. J. Sincoek, solicitor, yesterday had an interview with the Minister of Lands, with the object of securing the old inebriate retreat at Nortli- cotc for the purpose. Mr. -Murray did not consider the building a suitable one, as it was too gloomy in appearance, and w.is structurally incommodious. No definite de cision was arrived at. , T'he first of the four lino new ocean car riers to be placed on the English-Australian trade by the Gulf line ilias, according to a cablegram received by Messrs. Joseph Gill and Co., of Collins-street, just been launch ed at the works of vSir Kaylton Dixon and Co., at' Middlesborough-on-Trees. Tho word "Gulf," which has in the past formed part of the names of the vessels of this line, is to be dropped, and the steamer just launched has been christened the Carpen taria. -.The others will ibe named Alio Muc- lc.iy, tho Bourke and the Fitzroy. l'licy will bo sister ships, and their cubic rapacity, as mentioned on latli inst., will be nearly 12,000 tons, with 8000 tons dead weight. Their regular speed will be 13 to 14 knots, and they will be specially fitted for the carriage of frozen produce. The legal points raised in the prosecu tion of Olive Douglas for impersonation in connection with' the last Melbourne elec tion wore hoard before the Chief Just'cc in tile Criminal Court yesterday. Mr. Eagle- son, who appeared for accused, submitted that tlic proceedings should be summarily stopped, because the Attorney- General had no power to file an information against ac cused: that the proper procedure was by bill of indictment, and that any law of the Coimnonwealtli purporting to confer such power of laying an information upon the At torney- General of the Commonwealth was ultra vires the Commonwealth Parliament. TTic Federal Attorney-General in this case bad followed the procedure always adopted in State prosecutions, 'but it was contended that "a bul of indictment" should have been filed. This means that as a preliminary to tho ordinary trial the services of a grand jury, consisting of 23 men, should have been secured to investigate the facts, and 12 of them at least have authorised tlic further prosecution of the accused. This is a cum- Dcrwome process, followed commonly enough in England, but rarely adopted in Victoria. It was established by special act of Parlia ment, and limited to special offences. The practice adopted here is for the Attorney- General to lile a presentment, if m his opinion there is sufficient evidence to war rant the case ibering submitted to the ordi- nary jury of twelve. Ihe vniei fjusucc. did not think the objections well founded, and he declined to interfere with the prose cution. He, however, consented to state a case for the opinion of the High Court. Mr. Eaglcson wanted the matter argued before the Full Court of Victoria, but, as the case involved an interpretation of tlic constitu tion, his Honor considered the hederal Court the ibe6t authority to deal with u. Mr. Bryant (instructed by Mr. MacHutcm- son from the Federal Solicitor's office) con ducted the prosecution of accused, who was alleged to have ifeed the name of ljanny Montgomery, another occupant of the house she resided in, to secure a postal vote. Ac cused, when she signed the application form for the vote, said she was just as much en titled to the name of Montgomery as the other woman, "as they all lived under noms de plume" in the house. The jury re turned a verdict in her favor, and she was acquitted. In view of this finding, nis Honor eaid he would consider the question of submitting the case to the High Court. An application was imade to Mr. Justice Hood in the Practice Court yesterday for leave to serve notice of motion for an in junction, with the writ, on Leopold 1«. Col lin, music seller, of Swanston-street, who is alleged bv Messrs. Sheard Bros., of London, to bo infringing tlieir copyright in several songs. It was stated m an affidavit that Collin had imported from places beyond the British dominions hooks which contained songs, tho copyright of which belonged to ISlieard's. His Honor incidentally looked at the songs, one or two of w.nich have rather remarkable titles, and ho suggested that there should be an injunction to re strain the publication of such verses. The application was granted. The University Council yesterday re solved, on the motion of Dr. J. H. Macfar- land, to approach the Dental College Coun cil with a view to the ultimate, affiliation or that institution with the University. The special cheap excursion train ar ranged for by Mr, J. C. Williamson to leave Bendigo at 2 p.m. to-morrow, picking up passengers at Castlemaine, Kyneton, Wood- end and Sunbury, in order to give residents of those centres an opportunity of witness ing Mr. George Edwnrdes's London Gaiety Company in their performance of tho bright musical comedy The Girl from Kay's, pro mises to he well patronised, as the sale of tickets up to date is very good. The fares tliat arc Deing charged arc very cheap, viz.: — Return fare, available for one month, and including ndmission to stalls of the Prin cess's Theatre on any night, during present season, first class 16/, children 8/1; second class 11/9, children 6/. For the convenience of those desiring to return homo after the performance the special will leave Spencer- street on the return journey at 11.40 p.m. The Rev. Chas. Hargrove will lecture at the Unitarian Church this evening at 8 o'clock. The Total Abstinence Society's weekly public temperance ' meeting will bo held this evening in tho Temperance Hall at 8 o'clock, when Mr. IV. Warrcner will deliver an addrcsa on Prevention. 