MISCELLANEOUS. .Mr Charier Greerintends to take a trip Jumbo in the Bonic, which rails on the 22nd ' 'teat. The journey is being undertaken by Ml Greer, - partly for pleasure and partly on ,bn lineal, and his many Beechworth friends will wish him a pleasant voyage and enc- . cess in his business. Sunday; last was the fiftieth anniversary . of the laying of the foundation atone of the Melbourne University, at which the 5000th student signed his name in the roll book the preceding week. Mr Toucher hBS given notice of motion in the Assembly suggesting at the termina tion of the present Government's term of Office that the Sing be asked to take into con sideration the question of the necessity of .the appointment of future State governors. It is simply a question of whether we are . prepared to relinquish the sovereign rights which this State at present possesses. . The Premier has introduced a Surplus Bevenue Disposal Bill, which among other .things provides for the expenditure of £30,000 towards the construction and re pairs of main and other roads and bridges, councils to spend 10s for every £1 ad vanced. William Marshall Fitzpatrick, an old age 'ran sinner of Now South WaIpb nnon cpIp- orating his 100th birthday at Coonamble, on Wednesday, was entertained by the mayor. There is to be a great meeting of priests . at Ballarat to recommend to the pope a successor to the late Bishop Moore. The Bev. B. McGowan, Presbyterian minister at Birchip, and formerly an officer of the Bank of Victoria at Beechworth, has been presented with a horse and buggy hy his congregation. The reverend gentle man, who is son-in-law of the late Mr Donald Fletcher, prominently identified himself with the drought relief fund in his district some months ago, and is evidently as popular in Birchip as in Beechworth. The Bev. J. A. Dowie is about to "invade England with a Restoration Host." Five housand oLhis followers have volunteered o accompany him on his mission. The Talbot Shire Council has discovered that, unlike tbe old Act the new Local -Government Act does not provide for a subsidy, aud has decided to write to tbe Municipal Association asking in what posi tion the municipalities stand under tbe new Act in regard to an annual subsidy, Mr King O'Malley's lament that be cannot exist on £7 14a a week has brought out an offer by one person to contribute one halfpenny per week to purchase fuel if the clown of the House of Bepresensatives pitches his tent, and from a diningroom proprietor an offer to board O'Malley for , .the odd 14s and provide him with hot milk . At Beechworth, Castlemaine, and Nhill this week swagmeu have been found lying . out in tbe open and almost dead from exposure. Constable W. Scott, of Perth, drew Earasati in odc of Tattersali's sweeps on tbe V.B.C. Grand National Hurdle Bace and won £6000 net. When the lifeboat of the Danish emigrant ateamer Norge, which was wrecked last week, was swung out with 27 passengers in her, a Swedish yonth of 17, missing his sister, immediately returned to the vessel, where he fonnd her praying. Picking up the girl he put her in his own place, kissed her, waved her a last farewell as the boat put off, and when the vessel sank he was till on boaid. Many hours afterwards this hero, whose name is Olsen, was picked up and taken to Liverpool, where he rejoined hiarister. Sir John Forrest, who claims to have to a large extent been associated with success and disclaims all desire to be associated with failure, stoutly supports the construc tion of the transcontinental railway of 1000 niilee to connect Port Augusta with Kal- goorlie, which latter place is in the centre of tbe Coolgardiegoldfields which are pro ducing £7,000,000 of gold a year out of the £9,000.000 produced iu West Australia. The technical department of the Imperial Institute considers that there is much promise in the Queensland cotton industry. It is believed that, provided the plant is properly cultivated, Australian cotton may yet compete successfully with the best in themarket. Seventeen mora immigrants from tbe wrecked steamer Norge have been picked np. They lived for Bix days on 34 biBcuits and six buckets of water, Turkish troops at a place called Gu- mandja burned a house In which five Bul garian's bad taken refuge. The Bulgarians and 24 women and children were roasted. When Cr Hennessy urged the City Council to purchase wooden garden seats iaatead of iron ones owing to tbe excessive heat of iron iu the summer months he was advised to wear a stouter pair of trousers. Notice of the following motion has been giYtsu Luc licoujrwij' ui luoiuuurue ouuiu for adoptiun and transmission to tbe General Assembly : — " That when a minister of onr church becomes a candidate for Par liament he Bhall cease to be a minister." Bather rough on members of Parliament 1 The Labour party bas continued to or ganise since tbe general elections, and in many divisions preparations are beiDg made for the fight that will probably be the outcome of the present situation in the House of Representatives. The London director of tbe Commercial Banking Company of Sydney has died, leaving estate worth £164,456. The French Senate has decided by a majority of 69 to adopt the proposal of the Chamber of Deputies for the aboli tion of teaching by the religiouB denomi nations. Mr Tom Roberta' historical picture of the opening of the first Parliament of tbe Australian Commonwealth by H.R.H. tbe Duke of York has been presented to the King, who expressed satisfaction at accept ing it and complimented Mr Roberts on his artistic success with the picture. Mr Gaunson wants tbe Bent Govern ment' to publish " Hansard " daily and compel everyone to publish their legal advertisements in that journal which is supposed to contain the correct report of members' speeches but does not. Hie little aoheme would, be says, yield £100,000, but is quite impracticable. A. H. Croft has been granted £2000 damages against the Western Australian Bank tor alleged neglect of the bank to remit certain money to London for plain tiff who claimed £7000 damages. A stay of proceedings was granted to allow of an appeal to the Full Court. The Jong, or great fort atJGyantae, which was held'by about 7000 Thibetans, bas been captured by the Indian troops commanded by Brigadier-General Macdonald. \- Years' ago, a Beechworth sportsman's standing reply to the question what game ha had shot was " Just the same, a bare and a bronzewing " and chroniclers of tbe doing of the Japs and Russians might follow his example and tell ns each day that the Japanese still advance and the Russians have lost another battleship. Ehnnters at the Geelon? railwnv vardn eomplain that they are compelled to work ten hours a day. Two Japanese with commissions to par ahase stallions and horses in Australia, while going round the training stables at Randwick surprised tbe trainere with their knowledge of. the stud book and blood took.. . . Messrs McGregor and Anstey, M.L.A.'s. have introduced a proposal to amend the Local Government Act 1903 by placing the names of all persons liable to be rated on the ratepayers' roll and not only, as at ' present, those who pay their rates on or before 10 th June. At a conclave of Roman Catholic clergy summoned to Ballarat to select three names in connection with tbe appointment of a snccessor to tbe late Dr. Moore, tbe Very Rev, John Francis Marshall, of Mary borough, Victoria, was placed first with 13 out of 18 valid votes. A Toothful Preacher. — A young man of 18 years named Nicholas who . . lives with his father at Keleliand, near Camborne, England, is attracting much at- tention m i/ornwau ana adjacent coun ties by bis singular gifts as a preacher. Ou a recent Sunday morning, when he preached in one of the largest churches in Cornwall, the doors were opened at half-past seven o'clock, three, hours before the time of service, and long before half-past 10 the building was packed and another large congregation was standing outside. The Presbyterians of Benalla propose to arect a new church to cost £1600. Tbey already have £824 in baud, but will not proceed with the erectioh of the building '.until that amount is increased to £1C00. . , " Public Cosibacts. — The following tenders have been accepted by the Pablio Works Department Repairs, painting, 4c., State' school, Harrietville, E. W. WUllana, £74 12s. New iron roof,.; 4o., State school, Mitta Mitta, G. Wright, ' 24413s.: - '. For Bronchial Conghs take b WoodsGreat Peppermint Cure"1 la. 64 