LOCAL AND GENERAL. Order of Sales.— The order of fat stock sales at tho Municipal Yards, Campbell's Hill, on Monday next will bo E. W. Spnrko 1, J. N. Brunker. and Son 2, O., K. Young 3. Dancing.— A grand social is to toko placo in the Military Hall on Monday evening next, the promoters being Messrs. J . Gilli gan and W. Miller. Buman's band lias been engaged to supply tlie music. St. IJaul's Church.— It will bo observed in our advertising columns that tho Rev. Canon Regg, of Muswellbrook, formerly incumbent of St. Paul's, West Maitland., will bo the preacher at the Sunday evoning service of that church. Tlie Maitland Voyagers.— Wo received a cablegram last evening from Mr. Harry .James, of West ' Maitland, announcing tho safe arival of himself and Messrs. J . En right and H. Bennett at Colombo, all well. The cablegram was sent at 10.20 in the mor ning, and reached West Maitland at 5 min utes past 5 o'clock. The Injured Man Bartscli.— Regarding the condition of the miner named August Bartscli, who was seriously injured in ' the Stanford-Merthyr Colliery on Thursday, in quiries mude at the hospital this afternoon elicited. the information that he is still in a low state, no improvement having taken place. Women's Liberal League. — A public meet ing is announced to be held in the School of Arts on Friday evening noxt under the auspices of the Women's Liberal League, when an address will bo delivered by Mrs. C. Moiyneaux Parkes, president of tho New South Wales League. The olectors are cor dially invited to attend the meeting. Congregational Church. — To-rnorrow at the Congregational- Church, tho pastor (Rev. T. E. Peirce) will conduct the morning service, ond the evoning service will bo conducted by Mr. H. Selwood Austin, of Singleton. In tlu; afternoon and evening Mr. Peirce is '.to' conduct services at the Minmi Presbyterian Church for Rev. T. Morgan, who has kindly consented to preach the anniversary ser vices at Pelaw-Main. Grand Dancing Carnival. — An advertise men t elsewhere in our columns announces that* during the four show nights next wo«k,' commencing on Tuesday, a grand dancing carnival will bo conducted in tho Military Hall under the auspices of B Company Rifle Club, tho proceeds of which are to bo de voted to the encouragement of rifle shooting, Two good orchestras havo been engaged, and dancing will commence each evening at 8 o'clock. Tho Singleton Rifle Rango.— Tho Minister of Defence has been interviewed by the Fed eral member for the Hunter (Dr. Frank Lid dell) in regard, to tho Singleton Rifle Raiyyo. uud in a communication addressed to him by the Secretary of the Department of De fence, Dr. Liddell is informed that tlio Gene ral Otllcer Commanding lias ueeu requested to expodito the proposed arrangements with Mr. Faulkner, and to obtain an early reply. Tho matter now should practically rest with the club itself. A New Motor. — Mr. L. Prince, proprietor |of the Prince Cycle Works, West Maitland, has just completed a now motor which can bo 'used as a bicyclo or as a tricycle. A fore-carriago has been adjusted, and by this means two persons can ride on tho machine, or, if desired, tho front can bo unscrewed, and tho machine turned into an ordinary , motor bicyclo. It is strongly built, but runs easily, and has been much Admired. It is driven by a 2J li. p. motor, and on good roads will maintain a high rate of speed.. The Congregational Union.— Revs. Geo. Campbell, secretary of the Congregational Union, nnd W. L. Patison, superintendent of Home Missions, aro expected to visit MaM* land on Monday in connection with the Pe law-Main anniversary. They have to return on Tuesday morning for tho half- yearly meetings of the 'union, which are being hold at Croydon on Wednesday and Thursday. Newcastle was tho appointed place, but, tho I approaching departure of Rev. L. L. Wirt to Brisbane made tho change of placo hwes sary. ? . ' .?.'? 'Uncle Tom's' Children's Cot Fund. — Hi..! is announced, by advertisement which ap pears elsewhere in this issUo. that a. concept in aid of 'Uncle Tom's' Children's .. .-iCoU' Fund. Maitland Hospital, will bo' hold ' in tho School of Arts, Pnterson, on Tuesday1 evening, the 26th instant. An elaborate programme lins been arranged by Miss HaJ gnn and Iict talented pupils, for the occasion and considering the object a large attend ance is expected. 'Buses will leave West', Maitland post-office at G p.m. ; Largs at' 6.30 p.m., and Woodvillo at 6. -15 p.m. Energetic Juvenile Collectors. — Reggie Paxton, who rocoived honourable mention at the annual mooting of tlio Children's Hospi tal for his signal service as collector tor, that deserving charity, is a scholar o'f the Sunday School of the Bourke-street Congre gational Church, Sydney (Iiov. C. Whute, M.A.), and last year headed the list for the State in collecting new year offering for the missionary ships of the London Missionary Society, with the sum of £3 2s 4d. This year, so far tho highest sum reported by an individual collector for the Ship Fund is that of £2 4s 5d, collected by Miss Bessio Bird, of East Maitland. Juvonilo Librarios. — A good idea for en couraging tho rising generation to read good' litoraturo comes from South Australia. So^ne years ugo the librarian of the Port I Adelaide Institute succecdod in gotting a, number of gentlemen to, provide funds to supply a certain number of approved scho lars of State schools with an annual mem ber's ticket. Theso Institute scholarships have grown year by year until thoir number has now readied 150. This lins wow led to tho establishment of a juvonilo library, said to be the first of its kind in tho Common wealth, though of tho 8000 libraries of tho United States quite 50. per cent, havo juven ile sections. This subject would be worthy of tho attention of tho Wost Maitland School of Arts. -i The Governor at Barraba. — Sir Hurry' Rawson, Lady Rawson, and party reached' Barraba yesterday, by coach from Manilla,, and were received by the Progress Commit tee. Tho town was decorated nnd the school children formed up and sang ' God Save the King.' Mr, John Morrow, presl-'i dent of the committeo, read an address of welcome (the address was illuminated and: mounted), to which the Governor roplied. He congratulated the townspeople upon thoir first show, nnd said ho was so pleased with the singing of the children that he would' nsk tho Minister to grant a public holiday; iu uvuiy bciiuoi in luo aisirict. - on .juonaay.' The vice-rogal pnrt.y then vlsitod tlio show grpund, and his Excellencj' opened tlio' show, A Child Drinks Carbolic Acid.— Lato yes terday afternoon a two-year-old son of. Mr. John Farroll, of Sawyer's- Gully., obtained' possession of a saucer containing carbolic acid, which had , been used for disinfecting a room., Tlio little fellow started to drink it, and was badly burned in tho mouth and on the face. - .Ho must also havo swallowed a sm'nll quantity, for his tongue swelled, nnd his face turned a purple colour, - ; as though no woro dying. A neighbour applied homo remedies to rolievo tho pain of tho outward burns, and tho child Was quickly brought in to Maitland for medical treat ment. .To-day ho had' so far recovered as to bo in a fit condition to take homo airain*.' Many people use carbolic nnd other poisons for vnrlous purposes, and caro should bo tuken to koop them out of tho wnyi of children. , Methodist Church. — On Sunday next, the i missionary anniversary will bo hold in the ' Methodist, Church nnd circuit. Tho Rev. B: Danks, for many years a successful mission ary in Now Britain, will preach in tho morn ing, and the pnstor at night. Mr. Danks will prencli at, Polaw-Main in tho afternoon, nnd. at Ktirrl Kurrl at night. Missionary meetings will, J)p hold during ,tho week. On Monday night, in. West Maitland, at 8 p.m., U1'or£'d(.»d by a half hour's prayer meeting, Mr. 0\. James will preside, and' the meetincr will be addressed by tho Bev. B, B[ri,bb».cff.vn -?(-« pastor. On Tuesday night t,l imnrovnmJmTq 1 noting at Kurrl Kurrl, and mimns be at Polaw-Main. Tho Mothodi fH 7oHt' iv nnX;0fn/L ra0rSU' ln!?f d(-od workf) of ' «lm, '('hlHJf'a ,SonH : rh 'een purchased Hlon, that, to the Solomon Is0 wh01o forms « n lnr^0i'^t',rCC(,8S' ;^(1 donees in the CO frniil' ?S'11,1 flonDHnan Bros, h firosh intfcrert Jno.tho good wory ^Von tho proi r ' ; .* , '' ; bazaan a fat I .. - y . ? - - ? r -t: The Federal Band. — It is announced by ad vertisement elsewhere in 'this issue that the federal Band, wenther permitting, will play a -series ot selections on Maitland Park to morrow afternoon. The Presents to Mr. and Mrs. Farrell and Family. — As our readers are aware, ,Mr. S. Farrell (manager of the Bonk of Australa in West Maitland for tho last nine years) and his family are leaving shortly for Launceston, Tasmania. Their friends have presented them with a number of beautiful and valuable gifts, and these are now on view in the windows of the establishment of IS. P. Capper and Sons, Limited. They comprise : solid silver tea and coffee service, presented to Mr. Farrell by his friends ; two entree dishes, from the officers of the bank, to Mr. and Mrs. Farrell'; manicure set, sil ver brushes, etc., in case, silver candlesticks, photo, frame, and jewel case, from lady friends to Mrs. Farrell ; jewel case and silver shoe horn, from lady friends to Miss Bor sum (Mrs. Farrell' s sister) ; photo, frame, from ladies to Miss Farrell ; star pendant and ?chain and card case, from parishioners of St. Paul's to Mrs. Farrell ; and trays to Miss Borsum and to Miss Farrell, also from the parishioners. Physical Culture. — There was a vory limi ted attendance in the School ol Arts last uvening, when Professor Searle, who was an nounced as of London and New York, gave a Sondow demonstration, proceded by a loc turotte which impressed tho valuo of physi cal culturo to all who desired to acquire health, strength, and symmetry. The Pro fessor forcibly pointed out to attain a con dition of physical fitness combined with sym metry and lissomness, it was not necessary to unduly develop one set of muscles — as in Sandow's case — to the practical detriment of others, but to intelligently practice so as to produce a bodily improvement TOnerally. I-Je had conducted immense classes, he said, in other places, and it was his purpose to start a class in Maitland if .sufficient in ducement offered. Tho Professor gave a highly interesting demonstration with San dow's dumb-bells and developers during which ho made it evident that lio was tho roughly convorsant with his subject as well its being the possessor of considerable strength and agility. The professor inform ed us to-day that ho has received many pro mises of support, and he intends to stay in Maitland and conduct a class. Defective Vision.— Defective vision is, as we all know, tho result of many complex conditions, but little understood except by specialists. Among these probably no name stands higher in the public estimation than that of 11. A. Barraclough, tlie Vice-Regal Consulting Optician and Eye Specialist, of 385 George-street, Sydney, and 232 Collins s trout, Melbourne. Residents of Mui'tlnnd and surrounding districts will be pleased to know that we are advised that this gentle man may bo consulted at tho Grand Central Hotel on Friday and Saturday, 22nd and 23rd April. Ali who have defective, strain ed, or failing sight should call and have their vision examined and spectacles made by this reliable and successful .firm of opti cians, who number among their clj.ents such namos'as Right Hon. Sir E. Barton, JVC., Sir George Turner, Right Hon. Sir John Forrest, Sir W. Lyne, Hon. A. Deakin, Hon. J, G. Drake, Sir S. W. Griffiths, Sir F. W. Holder, Sir Geo. Dibbs, 'Hon. R. l'hilp. In tending clients should call early to avoid any undue rush, as Mr. Barraclough is liko ly to bo kept very busy during his short visit. Consulting hours, 9 to 1 a.m., 2 to 6 p.m. 1693 Sales of Property. — At their rooms. High street, this afternoon, Messrs. J. N. BrunRer and Son (acting in conjunction with Mr. E. W. Sparke) submitted to public auction, on account of Messrs'. Eales Bros., several valu able agricultural and building properties. 'Tho Hon. J. N. Brunker conducted tlie sale, land thero was a good attendance of buyers. A block of land situated at East Maitland, fronting William, Lawes, and Day streets, and divided into live building allotments, was knocked down to the bid of Mr. P. I Scanlon, of East Maitland, for £70, and those commodious building premises at East Maitland, on tho cornor of Melbourne and Lawes streets, now in the occupation of Mr. Banfiold and Mr. Masterman as grocery und drapery stores, wero obtained by Messrs. T. L. J3anflold and Co, for the sum of £.1270. Four blocks of rich agricultural land, situ ated at Lochend, containing 11 acres each, I were also submitted for sale. Mr. Robert Hollingsworth, sop., proved tho successful I purchaser of two of the blocks at the rate of £40 per aero. An ofKr lids also boen submitted for tho remaining two portions at £25 per acre, which will be submitted to tho vendors for approval. Subsequently Mr. Brunker offerod several other properties on behalf of different owners, but no sales re sulted. Island Missions. — Among tho visitors to Sydney by the steamship Birksgato, which arrived yesterday, was the Right Rev. Dr. J. Vidal, tho Roman Catholic Bishop of Fiji, who was accompanied by two priests and 19 native missionaries. The visit is in connection with the consecration of Dr. Olier, tho Superior of the Murist Fathers in Australia, who lias been appointed to the position of Bishop of Tonga. Tho ceremony of consecration will bo held at St. Mary's Cathedral to-morrow, when Cardinal Moran will officiate. Dr. Vidal will bo the first Bishop assisting. Dr. Gallagher will assist as second Bishop. Dr. Doyle, Bishop of Lis moro, and Dr. O'Connor, Bishop of Armi dalo, will also be present at the ceremony, which will commence at 9 a.m. The ser mon will be preachod by tho Right Rov. Monsignor O'Brien, director of St. John's College. Tho Bishop of Fiji, in conversa tion with a 'Herald representative stated there was very little, of interest to relate in connection with Fijian affairs at tlio pre sent time. The poople. woro workine hard In their endeavours to recover from the ef fects of tho cyc.lono thnt caused such devas tation there recently. So far as tho mis sion with which ho was connected wns con cerned, Dr. Vidal said that evervthin- was going on smooth1- and that no difficulties wero boiii- encountered. Maitland Circuit Court.— Roferonco has al ready been mude to tho attempt to havo a uii-uuii, oouri esLaoiisnea in .Newcastle. | Many people ask— Why not? But they apponr not to know that that would nicmii tho clos ing of tho court in Maitland. For the Go yerninent would not liavo Circuit Courts at towns so closo together as Mait.laml and New castle. And, therefore, Mnitland should bo up and doing, and not allow Newcastle to take tho courts away from tho town. In past years Nowcastle peoplo havo been able to virgo the fact that thoir town was tho centre of tho largest aggregation of peoplo along the Hunter valley ; but matters nro changing, and very soon tho greatest num ber of poople will bo clustorod from Morpeth on, tlio ono sido to Cosenock on the other. About six months ago a deputation from NawenKtln wnitnrl imr\n TVTV n«.l no definite promtso was mado, thoy woro not' .^Pulsed ; and so tho pronouncement V.v tho Attorney-General .this week, that there was no intention to alter present arrangements, Mine ns a surprise to tho Newcastle people. But they nro not satisfied, and a deputation will again wait upon Mr. Wise to urge him to give Newcastle what sho asks for. In these circumstances Maitland should not re main cnreless of her interests until it is too Into. At every court people who hnvo to attend from Newcastle make an outcry about the inconvenience .to which they nro put by having to como to- the court day after rlnv imtll +linl v men to ..V 1 hoy forgot tho greater inconvenience to which othor folk who como longer distances are put, to. But much of the present trouble could bo obviated by adopting tho nrai'iico followed in Sydney, of setting down partlcu lni cusf;s for certain days, nnd notifying wit nesses and others to attend on thoso days. J his would bo welcomed by peoplo who have to attend the court, and would savo -tlio country a consldornblo sum of monoy on tlio occasion of oncli court. , Q; Vornon, DontlBfc, Downr'a Colonnade, East Mnitland. Hours, 0,80 a.m. to 8 p.m. Greaford visited monthly At tlio fin mi ul mooting of tho Unfvorslty Engineering Society tho president (Mr. MnoTnggarfc) aoplorod tha iilipenco of a code of ethics in tho pro foBBion. and'*0 W00' traffic 10 practically cloaod tlilo poivBon, uiv- 'io sliort&Bo; will amount to about 1C.OOO bales, -ing 'pnrecl with last poneon. :eH- 3 import, nt.ion of pigs from Smith Australia lina trt, prohibited in ooneoquonoo of tlio oxlstonco unci of Bwino fever. ''' 0 children nntnod Andoraon died from poisoning iivo result, it Is bi'liorod, of onlphur. no- sinalJy ndminiitored by thoir mother, ml- ? . Tbe Premier of Queensland Rays that ' Queeni land does not want any of tho submerged tenth to gwell the relief depots.' The conference of interstate railway officials was continued yesterday, when a number of technical matters were dealt with, Becently a magistrate, at tbe instance of the Minister of Justice, refused a warrant for tbe com mit -uenfc of a defendant fined for selling adulterated milk, Mr. Justice Owen has granted a rule calling upon tbe magistrate to show before the Full Court why he should not issue tbe warrant. Mr. Wise promised a deputation yeBterday that ho would communicate with tbe metropolitan hos pitals with a view of securing improved accommo dation for sick babies. A deputation from tbe Iron Trades Employers' Association urged tbe Acting Premier yesterday to have 60 locomotiveB manufactured locally. Tbe Acting Premier said that two questions bad to be settled — whether tbe locomotives should be con structed locally, and whether by tbe State or private enterprise. The u hole question is to be con sidered by the C11 '»inet when Sir John See returns frou: New Zealu Dd Thu Education Conference terminated yesterday, and tbe delegates were entertained at a harbour excursion. The conference mado a number of recommendations in reference to school hygiene, which the Minister estimated would coBt between £i 000,000 and £ 5,000,000 . The cable tram broke down in Sydney yesterday, but the authorities to minimise the public incon venience, substituted an electric service. Tbe ketch Ripple, with a crew of seven, is missing from Sandy Cape (Q.), and grave fears are enter tained for her safety. Mr. Deakin has published a letter which be ad dressed to the State Premiers urging the necessity of land settlement as an incentive to immigration. Tbe overdue barque Gnetn.no Casabona arrived in Sydney on Thursday, after a passage of 161 days from Now Tork. Tho protracted nature of her voyage wat due to heuvy seas, which damaged ber considerably. Mr. Levien, M.L.A., intends to oppose Mr. Gar. land, M.L.A., for Tamworth at the next election. Besides Mr. O'Connor, M.L.A., Mr. O'Sullivan, Minister of Works, and Mr. Sullivan, M.L.A. (Labour), will stand for Phillip. A branch of the Liberal and Reform Association wob formed at Leicbhardt on Thursday night. Tbe Outtrim coalminers on strike have issued an appeal for support, and point out that tho struggle has lasted since Janaary 17, 1903. Tho Imperial Government have informed Mr. Deakin that further information respecting the New Hebrides settlement it being despatched by mail. Tbe Prime Minister expresses a hope that the representations mnde to secure tbe release of Lieut. Wit-ton will be successful. William Vincent M'Cormick has boen committed for trial at Melbourne for an allegod criminal libel upon Sir Malcolm M'Eacbarn. A court of military inquiry tvill assemble in Syd ney to report upon matters connocted with St. George's (English Rifles) Regiment. About 2000 peoplo attonded tbe unemployed mooting at tlio Town Hall last night. The Lord Mayor presided. Mr. Carrutbers delivered* a sym pathetic address, It was reBolved tbata»conference, representative of the Government, tbe Opposition, and various other bodies shculd be held to make re commendations regarding relief. Private estimates sot down the yields of wheat ii Australasia as follows: — New South Wales, 24,000,000 bushels; Victoria, 25,000,000 bushels; South Australia, 12,000,000 bushels; Queensland, 1,800,000 bushels ; West Australia, 1,700,000 bushels ; Tasmania, 760,000 bushels. Total 65,250,000 bushels. The special train convening tho Governor and suite on tboir northern tour arrived at Wost Tamworth oarly on Friday morning and proceeded on the branch line to Manilla. After being tendered a reception at Manilla tha party wero conveyed to Bnrrabtt, where his Excellency opened the local show. On tbe subject of irrigation, n contemporary says : If the enormous body of water which issues from the mouth of tho Murray merely to discolour tho sea for many miles wero held up at various points on tho Murrumbidgee, tho Darling, and tho Murray, tbe stock-carrying capacity of tbo country could bo enormously increased. It is said that at a placo called Barren Jack, on tho first-named river, twico as muoh water as ia contained in the dams at ] Assouan and Assouat, on the Nile, could be retained at hnlf tbo expenso whioh those dams havo cost. More water, it iB said, could bo held, up there than is contained in Sydney Harbour, with all its bays and inlets. By nil means spend money on recupera tive works of this kind. Among the comparisons between Japan and Rus sia whioh nre inevitable just now thara is on# which ?is peculiarly striking. It is that although Japan has only a population of 47 millions and an area of 103,000 square miles, against Russia's (circa) 130 million inhabitants and noarly nine million square miles, Japnn has, nemthelesB, moro pupils in her schools than has Russia. In Japanese olementary schools there are, according to tho lastest available statistics, 4-,302,G12 childron, in Russia only 4,193,594, or 92 in every 1000 Japanese againBt 32 in ovory 10C0 Russians. Tbe flguros for secondary school and universities aro equally markedly in Japan's favour, Mr. Charles Barber, of Cooradigbee, Yass, wob sitting in his room, and n loaded gun was standing up near him. The gun fell, and when putting out one of his hiinUs to Bave it it wintoll shattering part of the hand. Ho was brought to YasB Hospital, whero two fingor3 and part of the palm of tho hand were amputated. I Tbo four-year- old son of Mr. F. Heinecke, manager of the Burra sluicing claim Tumborumba, swallowed II quantity of strong rum on Thursday. He was l rcu?ht into town, but in spite of the efforts of two doctors, tho child died next morning. Tuo Victoriim railway revenue for. tho pneb week sbowod an increase of £11,1(32 over the corresponding poriod of last yrinr, Mr. Bent, tho Victorian Premier, lias had prepared a return showing that of £220,000 set npirbfor publ'o works, tho sum of JJ17./,101 remains to bo Bpont. Action la being taken to placo work in hand with out delay. The portifnlio of Mines and Works in Queensland rendored vncent hj^ the death of tho late Mr. W. H. Browne, was on Friday allotted to Mr. IMer Airey, member for Flinders. It .was geneially bolioved that Mr. JaoJtson would have boen appointed, but thoro is reasbn to boliovo that Mr. Jncknon preferred to retain his present position as Chairman ot' Couiuiittios in tbo LegeBlativo AsBombly, Mr. Airey. hath up to tho present held the position of leader of ho Lnhour Part y in the ABBombly/ Dean Parkyn, or Ballnrac, who is proceeding to Bnglaud to raise funds for the Biillarat Cathedral, has not uiefc with universal enoouragement in the mission which ho has uridortnken. One guntloman went so far as to Bay, ' I think It is a ding race to go to England for auoh nn;objeot as this. We ought to build our own cathodrals.' ' May I hope you will giv9 a donation,- I think your nnuio is not on our lists,' replied tho Doan. ' But discouragement was the only donation lui received.' He aftorwarda told his friends, 'People liko that break tho heart of a wiMtVan n ' r ? - The Publio Works Committeo on -Friday olosed tbo inquiry reaarding tlio proposal I') construct a railway from Slnglet.m to . Cuasilia with a brnnoh from .Denman to Muswollbrook. A final decision will be arrived nt next Monday. Mr. Suttor, Commercial Agont for New. South Wales in the Bast, in a report to tho Minister of Agriculture (Mr. Kldd), under date Maroh 12, 1904, enys that tbo Hongkong Dairy Farm, managed by Mr. Walker, will probably bo aouatomer for luoirno hay for fowling dairy cows. Mr. Walker would require a fairly good lucerne oompresBod, and Mr. Suttor advisos thnt o.i.f, quotations and small samploB should bo forwarded to Mr, Jamos Walkor ot Hongkong, as well as quotation for bran or any fodder suitable for dairying stock. The Minister of Agrioulturo, Mr. ICidd, has ro ceivoa a caoio meBsago rrom mr. Lance, (Jommoroial Agent in London, stating that tbo buttor market in London 1b steady at lust weolc's prices, vli., 8Ga to 88a por owt. for cboicost Australian. Mr. O'Cal laghan, dairy export. statoB that last wook tho markot took a downward couroo, nnd tbo lower prlcos havo no doubt inoreauod domand iiufflolontly to oheok tho falling tondoncy. A cablo meaoago from the Bant Btatoa that Siberian producta aro dropping off tho markets owiuc to war conditions, This will affect tho buttor markot nluo, and cauan an oxtra demand for colonial makes in England. Thero will now bo a good grocer'o profit in Totalling' Australian buttor in England nt lo per lb, and this moro than anything elso will help to kWo Naw South Waloa batter a larger elico of tho trade, and will Alio bring Danish prioei usurer to Auitrolian. Briflbfino polico r^irari Wynnum on Friday aftemnnn SI « r®P°rt from before 1 o'clock tho sailing boat' FlorL^ Ehonly three young men named AUred Mftten /°ra,/ith John Bails (17), and Gerald Stott ?ani /aE0d 17)- for Brisbane. When en^rinK thVb^ b°ard' ^ the southern end of Fisher ^Bland t-ho neM struck by a squall and capsized Mittpn 5t„wa9 swam ashore after putting Stott wbn » nnd BmIb swim, on to the keel of the boat Un5ble to went for assistance, and on their ^ ftnd the boat bad been washed ashore but thP°rUpnd thRt sign of Stott, who is supposed to hare h««n .? 8 n# A search for the body ^proceeding ^ dr°Wntd' the proprietor was extremely proud when * to the tame dingo which aewmpank-d th^ ehn ^ collection of four white rats, a count .f ow * and a mongoose, which was duly advertised u' ' Menagerie.' Each niehfc whon1^ l M Tb« B to the public, the dingo waa^hiin ^ Tned **- & in a formidable-looking cage^marked ^ I to remain there until the show was over H just as tbo lights wore being turned* rJ* 5 H takings lodged safely in the proDrittL?!' 'J the fl the manager dashed with a horrLttricken f IB the private office. ' What's tbe row ,lat0 ffl caught fire?' demanded the nronri^'If ^ H ' No, no,' gasped tho maunger with at, effort^' fl tbe dmgo s got Ioobo and ate the menagerie' H The Commonwealth Bill, providing Mr h, .fl appointment of a Federal High' Comn.7 ? 6 v fl circulated on Thursday. It provides^ X TT' '*2 fl office of five years, and the ho?der i, 0L bT/°£ fl re-uppointment. The Biliary is fixed uti4™ fot fl and the appointment is for live ^ yearf ' fbe fl Commissioner must hold no position in ll , 6' 11 with any Company or syndicate. connection J|9 A very old identity ib a resident of Wombof the Young district, in tbe person of Mrs wf' a 111 native of Ireland. The only ludy does ^ t' 4 1 her age, but it cannot be less than 100 1 lady lives by herself, can bo seeu uny dnvll t 1 nbput doing her shopnint? and „ walking ®5 are both of an age to receive the old Je pemi™ 1 I' or some yoars the old ladv -mq , P ~ ? S under ber bed, and her tombstone has been ereS 1 in the lining cemetery, with the name eneraved I thereon, leaving tho placo vacant for the dated her I ? ^ ^:''C00 Paper ia reliably informed thafcan nimn.t- I incredible thing happened at Torrick during onTof 1 the thunderstorms that occurrcd there ientlv 1 Before the storm there waa n waggon londed with 1 yapunyah rails, a number of sets of harness bei™ 1 hung on the shafts and wheels. When tho S 1 was over all that remained of the waggon rails and I harness was a pile of cinders. No onelitne ed this I extraordinary trans ormntion, bnt it is stated that 1 was not due to ordinary fire, and tho only explwi. H tion is that the waggon and its contents were struck ii and consumed by lightning. M At the present timo thero is unito ?? „„:j. ? IU among babies in the Manning Eiver district of Xl is termed cerebral spinal meningitis, the little ones in some cases being completely paralysed from head 1 to foot, whilst others are unable to movo their arms nnd legs. In laree alono at tho present timo six or seven cases are reported, whilst in the district tee are a groat many more. The disease is in a m Id orm, however and only one fatal termination C to far occurred. The little -ones remain p„r.|™3 for some two or three months, 'jeea wf,JerrmUd haS* ha°a mada b7 Now South Wales Ireasury for tho payment; of .£1232, beitur arrears in the Arinidale wutor supply aceouut This ilas be?D aocu.,m,1(lting since the establish, ment of the water service Bome five yimrs ih-o. The estimated cost of tho works, as submitted by tho department when the council undertook to accept tha installation of the service, was exceeded by upwards of ^(5000, nnd tho annual payments, instead / of being £1200 as originally represented, now amount to ovor J2U00. Tho muximum rate and the revenue available from tho supply will not cover the , increased amount, and each year there has been - a deficit, which now totals .£1232, the sum demanded by the Treasury. Mr. Smithers, S.M., at tho banquet to Mr, F, S. Isaacs in Sydney, roiuarked that the guest of th» evomug had often sent people for a trip to the country ns a change, nnd now ho waB going on a trio , to the Old Country on his own. ? 