\- ; :: t^^^niW^^^^^^^^^7:r^^t ^ ~|I ' Year-Book of Australia. This old and valued friend of the busy man has made its appearance for 1904. Next to extent and variety of information on every thing Australian the chief care in the co.ii pilation of the 'Year-Hook' is that every department of its contents .shall bo up to date. 'When it is remembered to what a late moment of the past year the new constitution of the Federal .Parliament was set about, to chronicle that particular orajicn 01 imu; mo tion, might seem to have been the despair of the annual-book publisher. Yet here we h.!V2 it in complete and perfect detail. This must bo almost a record in year-book enterprise. In every essential the office or the home will find the 'Year-Book' a storehouse of well compiled and easily get-atablo information. Price Is. Moore's Almanac. This fine old publication — now in its fifty ' third year — marches well with the times. From the publishers (Messrs. Keely and Philip, , George-street, Sydney) we have the issue for the current year. The general expansion of information is exemplified in the special fact | that no fewer than 86 towns arc added to the provincial directory. As usual the publi cation—it was established by the late ivrr. 'Jerry' Moore in 1851 — leaves hardly any thing -to ; be ? desired as to compilation, print ing, and accessibility of information. .Apart from the almanac, the information ro post towns, and the exhaustive country directory which have made this publication a veritable vadc mecum.to the business man, the miscel laneous sections ('things worth knowing,' health maxims, and information re taxation, customs, patent laws, etc.) arc more than worth the modest shilling charged for it. 'The Christmas Carol' in Irish. The Roy. Father Dineen (says 'The Daily News') has translated 'A Christmas Carol' into Irish, and no greater compliment, surely, has over been paid to Charles Dickens. Tin good Father believes that if the Erse langu.i^o is to flourish it must be made the vehicle for translations from modern tongues. Perhaps ; bub the vitality of the language chiefly de pends upon the extent to which it is a me dium for its own literature. For instance, English prose could never be revived by trans lations from Dumas or Cicero. It requires a constant succession of indigenous Chester tons and Kiplings. Exotic translations re main alien immigrants, incapable of natural ization, and it this fact which renders the fate of languages like Erse or Welsh so pre carious. The Hosts of tho Books of Erin, Books abounded in Ireland when tho Danes -first made their appearance in that country about the beginning of tho ninth century. The old Irish writers often speak with pride of 'the hosts of the books of Erin.' When we consider the great reputation for learning of the ancient Irish Universities and the -need of books for those who frequented them, it is clear that in all the important Irish monas teries there must have been good general libraries, including not only copies of native Irish books, but also works in Irish, and Latin on .the various branches of learning then known as well as copies of tho Greek and Latin classics. 'The Annals of Tigernach, who was Abbot of Clonmacnoise, and died in the year 1088, show that there was. a well-furnished library in that, great monastery. We frequently find mention made of the'Teach-Screptra' — 'The House of Manuscripts'— tho old Irish namo ?for library. ?The Four Masters at date 1020 of our era -record the burning' of Armagh, with all tho forb, without; the saving of, any house in it except the library, or the 'Teach-Screntra. The-books:in ithohouses ofithc students, they add, were, consumed .by .the. flames. School libraries are ?noticed in a -passage in the' Book of Leinster, which represents Dalian Forgaill, who .lived in the sixth . century, .as saying: 'Amongst the schools- with libraries tliou hast read tho mysteries of the'Ro-Sualt'.' ' When the library was expensive, a Leaimar Coimedach, that is, a bookkeeper or librarian, was employed. The books in the ancient Irish 'ibraries were usually kept, not on shelves, as they are with us, but in satchels, and hung on pegs, or racks, round tho walls. ,Each satchel contained one or more volumes, and was labelled on the outside. When Longarad of Slieve Margy, a most eminent Irish scholar of the sixth century, died the 'Tiagu-Lebar- Erenn,' the book- satchels of Ireland, accord ing to the old legend, 'fell down from their racks. The falling down of tho books vividly 'vpified the loss that learning sustained by the death of Longarad. Longarad lived in Ossory, in the South of Treland. and lived at the same 'time as St. C'olumbkille. The latter had a passion for .Ine manuscripts, and one of his biographers lttributes to him tho laborious feat of having transcribed with his own hand three hundred jopies of the Gospel, or of the Psnlter. He ? went everywhere in search of volumes, which 'ie could borrow or copy. Amongst others iiaving gone to visit Longarad, he asked per mission to examine his books. The old man gave him a blunt refusal. Thereupon Co lumba, it is said burst forth into denuncia tion: 'May thy books,' said he, 'no longer do thee any good, neither to thee,- nor to those who come after thee, since thou takost occasion from them to show thy inhospitality.' This, curse was. heard, according to the legend. As soon as old Longarad died his books be came unintelligible. They still exist, says an . author of 'the ninth century, but no man can read them. Satchels ' wore generally employed in those davs to carry books about from place to place. Porsons' sometimes carried .their books in a large pocket in tho outer mantle above the waist-girdle. In the Tripartite .Life of Ire land's Aposble we read that St. Patrick once on a time met six young clerics and six gillies with them with their books in their girdles ; that he offered them tho Cushion-hide that lie had sat and slept on. for twenty years to make a Tiag or satchel for their books, and that they gladly accepted the saint's kind offer. Manuscripts that were greatly valued were .usually kept in elaborately-wrought and' beautifully-ornamented leathern covers. This custom of keeping books in leather cases was amongst Western countries peculiar to Ire land, but was quite common in Eastern na tions. With the Danish inroads on Ireland began the woeful destruction of libraries and the records of ancient learning. For two cen turies the destruction of precious manuscripts went on, and it ceased only .when the Danes were finally crushed at Clontarf in the yoar ]01'l. During all this disastrous time the Irish missionaries and scholars who went abroad brought away with them great num bers of manuscripts merely to save them from destruction. .In maaiy of their manuscripts are found at 'this day casual remarks which, though trifling in themselves, bring vividly be fore, us the solitary scribe as he sat working industriously in his cell twelve hundred years ago. Scores of these venerable volumes a.ro now 'found in Continental libraries. The con sequence of this long-continued exportation of Irish books is that there is at present a vastly greater quantity of Irish writings of the ninth and earlier centuries to be found on the1 Continent of Europe than in Ireland itself. The Anglo-Norman invasion that succeeded after but too short an interval was quite as destructive of art and learning as the Danish inroads had been. The destruction of manu scripts continued during the perpetual wars that distracted the country down to compara tively recent times, and many manuscripts that existed even so late as 200 years ago are now gone. Professor Kuno Meyer in his preface to the 'King and Hermit' mentions among the great mass of material that has been irretrievably lost: 'Whole legendary cycles revealed, by casual references only, tales of which nothing is left but the titles and poems of which tho initial lines alone have been preserved.' Catholic priests and others who fled from Ireland in penal times commonly brought their precious manuscripts,, and many other volumes were hidden away in remote places; for in those evil days , the mere fact of finding. an Irish book in a man's, possession put the owner in danger of his life. Kven in our- own day Irish manuscript*: have 'been brought to Ame rica by emigrants who .loved them too well to part with them. ' B. Note. We commend Murray's 'Illustrated Pocket Atlas and Guide' to 'Sydney and the .County of Cumberland as one. of the handiest things wo have come across for a long- time, and certainly the best local in'oduction in thnb line. The price is Is. 