OUR 'FOREIGN DEVILS.' When in an Australian Parliament a Tasmanian M.P. describes the Italians —the countrymen of Columbus and Ga lileo, of Leo XIII. and Pius X.— as an 'uncivilised' people, Macaulay's New Zealander should be packing up for the voyage to England, preparatory to tak ing his seat on a broken arch of Lon don Bridge to sketch the ruins of St Paul's. The fact is, however, that mucn as Chinamen are disliked here, a large and powerful section of our community in one respect uncommonly resemble them. By the inhabitants of the Flowery Land, as a whole, from the Dowager Empress down to the humblest Canton coolie, the white man, because his ways are not as their ways, is called a 'fo- reign devil,' and a barbarian. In like manner, whatever nation does not come near the Australian standard as regards wages, hours of work, and living, is by many of us looked on as 'uncivilised,' and the- further its rate of pay, hours, and living axe below that standard, the more 'uncivilised' it is. Does a Pied montese stone-cutter work eleven hours a day for three francs, and live on po lenta and fruit, he is little removed from absolute savagery. ' Let him emi grate to Britain, and earn 5s or 6s for nine hours' work, and eat meat onca a day, and he becomes a civilised man, and, supposing he be able to smuggle himself into Australia, and get 12s for 8i hours, and have beef or mutton three times a day, he stands forth_on the highest apex of civilisation. There is a story told of a visitor to a lunatic asylum, asking an inmate what had brought him there. 'The reason,' was the reply, 'is that I thought the world mad, and the world thought me mad, and the world being stronger than I, put me here. : Had I been the stronger I would have imprisoned the world.' The case of the million or two of Australians who hold that pretty nearly all the other 1,500,000,000 of the earth's population, not excepting the bulk of the white races, axe 'uneivi- i lised,' is somewhat similar, but what is going on in Eastern Asia ought to teach them that 'civilisation' depends a good deal more on the possession of superior armies and fleets and guns than on the payment of high wages. Up to the war with China, the Japa nese were considered a race gifted with a remarkable talent for imitation clever in their way, but with a monkey sort of cleverness, and not for a mo ment to be placed in the same category with the most retrograde of the white peoples. The victory over China half opened the Caucasians' eyes, and their achievements .in the present conflict have fully waked him up to the fact that Japan is a great civilised Power. What has altered the opinion of the world ? Not the payment of better wages, or a more luxurious style of liv ing among the Brown Men, nor yet the spread of knowledge and refinement Solely the possession of superior wea pons of war and proof that the owners have courage and ability to use them beyond all other Asiatics, and beyond some white nations as weJL In the debate on the offer to send out some thousands of Italians to work in the sugar plantations, the Minister' for External .Affairs said that he prefers Germans and Danes and Scandinavians as immigrants. Of course he does, but let the German or tBe Danish or the Swedish-Norwegian Government prof fer a few thousands of their people, and he will instantly develop an affection for Bulgarians or Laplanders or Kal mucks. There is a strong feeling among the working classes, not con fined to adherents of the Labor Party either, against immigration of any kind except of persons with capital, who 'will give work,' which feeling one ought not to be surprised at, in view of the armies of unemployed in every Aus tralian State. But so long as we ad here to the practice of paying the un skilled laborer who depends on the Go vernment to find him work twice as much as the; man who is employed by a private individual— as is being done at this very moment— so long the un employed difficulty will last, 'and so long immigration will be discouraged. It is a rather curious outcome of the wonderful Labor success In the West Australian elections that, from occupy ing a cross-bench position, and holding the balance of power, the greatly in creased party has become the Opposi ^tion, and is virtuaUy powesS*'***-* . ? 