VIGILANS ET AVDAX. PERTH; WEDNESDAY,;FEB. 17,.1904. ::There are few subjects upon which Mr. Deakin cainnot be eloquent; anT'liis id dress at ,fhe Treasuurers' "Coinference on the. iubjecdt if 3imiigration to Australia was:o eixception to 'theirul To thoife, no, doubt; who desire to see a poweirful, as well asa prosperous;', Australia it must seem all essential that our.numlbers should be increased- 'If the present rate of growth cannot` b: enotimouisly; aug mented'there is not much hope for the future sdestinie . 'of .the ? Conimoonwealth.' In a huindred years' timie,'witl- its few nillios perhliaps a dozen ai the ioi?.os?, asait now :goes -it willbe a speck among the greate-r nationsof'ths'globe:hfor if her rate'ndoes not increase, in a century. she; would number some eleven millions: When we coi:ar: .this with the popular tion of Chinai withi its existing 426 mii lioniis anid which woduld possibly toital half as much again in thiat time;or with Russia ;with its -130? d illions, which, ought to b?e doublted in the iext hundred yeirs, it is l aicidlt t eo lolEo- with co?m :placency on thleprobable' fate of Auls tralia unless? a chaange, funda?ienial` 'in character takes place. ,With ia decreas ing birth rate and stringently restricting measuiressastqo' ininfigratioi' i?ipopla tion is one of the:. deteimin ing factors of permanence and poweri ;;the future ais o l sereidly not brightl. ,Under these lircistances baliincing influence. 'Not one ,of fhese peoliticians has suggested iminigrition oni a general scale No other trades or industries are hinted at in their remirks except that ' of agriculture, and appar ently, of agriculture fails to attract'these increasing numbers and to 'ettle themi on` the soil, the hopes of a large ipopula tion for Australiamnust, for the present, be abandolned In no branch of industry is there an opening for any ccinsiderable reinforcement.i` The growth has been slight in all the trades, and has been almost confined to doing just as ninch as will supply the additional demands of 'a slightly increasing population, and no more.: As far 'as can be seen, the politicians are correct. It is true all would 'be,' changed. ifWthe great staple of all modern indus trial enterprise were made a product of Australia on any considerable scale. But unless o' large iron 'works) can be' discovered, putting the" agri cultural outlook aside, we, have not much at presentto' hope' for.. It is pbssible that the futiure of the Common' wealth' will ultimately' deenid, to a de gree that no one now foresees, on the simple question of whether.'we can se cure the, formation of great iron busi nesses in our midst. Round, this indus try other trades will group themselves. But cap naitural and self-supporting iron rstanufactures. be 'established for years to come? It' is different with agriculture. We have everywhere' land in abundance, and' 'the products of these lands have shown then. selves able to hold their own in the mar kete of the world.. 'For our wool, heur wheat, our wine, our timber, in addition to our miinerals, we find a pioftable and ready exchange outside. It is a some what interesting fact that the agricultur al and pastoral industries which are able to afford these results are the only ones on which trades unionism has not taken a firm hold. That they have beeni success ful, is due to the elasticity of their work ing conditions, and we may take it that the promoters of trades-unions recognise this result; but were a rigid maximum eight hours a day to be applied at all seasons of the year, even were the rates of pay to be assimilated to the rates pre vailing in the towns, it is exceedingly dubious whether an industry like butters malling would hold its own, and yield a profit when competing in the great cen tral market of the Empire with the pro duct of Danish and Irish pastures. It certainly would not in Western Austra lia. Machinery, no doubt. is being in troduced into this business on an ipreas ing scale, but the nation that leads in the invention and manufacture of machinery \--the United States-has found limita tions to progress in this respect, especi ally in the dairying industry, which we might have hoped they would be more successful in' overcoming. A very real difficulty connect ed with the agricultural develop ment and further settlement of the land has not been touched by Mr. Deakin. Mr. James. on anybody else. These and other authorities hail with approbation the proposal to apply the money of State or Commonwealth to promote immigration, provided the set tiers so brought in are placed upon the soil. The problem, however, does not end here. Indeed, it may be doub'ted if the real crux of the problem appears at this point,. It is one matter, and not a very difficultone, to settle4he intending producer on the soil it is aiother ques tion how to keep him there. This is, after all; the main irouble that will con front us in Australia. It is useless to spend large sums of money ii increasing. the agricultural population unless we can be sure that this population will continue to be agricultural. Of this there seems ino certainty. It is one of the most striking features of our Australian life that the tendencies which prevail in most parts of the'eworld to crowd into the towns become gradually more marked in the Commonwealth than anywhere else, and our political system tends immensely to the encouragement of this movement. If Melbourne' be excepted, Victoria is said to be losing population. On the other hand, that pleasant city, overgrown. as it is, is still adding to its numbers. Half a dozen 'towns in Victoria contain more, thans half 'the population. South Australia has about half its population in Adelaide, and the process there isn the same as in Victoria--Adelaide grows, the country population seems .stationary. And so even with our own State: the growth of Perth and Fremantle bids fair to become:phenomenal.' The attraction which leads the young people, .the en terprising, the ambitions; those with some means, to gravitate towards. the towns, is as strongly evidenoed in our own case, although 'only a matter, of 'a few years' growth, as it is in any of the capitals.of the East. The very spread of edudcation tends to render the child, of the farmer dissatisfied with his lot, to becomre impatient with the monotony of his life, and anxious to transfer his abi-\ lity and energy to a sphere where he may. hope to reap a large; rewaidi. The very gregariousness of the Australian, one of the most powerful of his characteristics, combines to help this overmastering cen tripetal impulse. That a country lifo has: high attractiois 'of its own is" un douiited; but these attractions arebnot the ones .that appeal most 'strongly 'to the young Australian. .With ithd retro .grade movements, therefore, of the next generation from the farmer's cottage to the town, we' may see the 'ihplo of this policy reversed. At .the esamee time,. we 'iay-, get A the explanation .of some part of ,the reluctaice' which so many Lyabour leaders exliibit to? endoiur age, an 'immigration whose avowedl oh jbective is still the cultivation 'of the soil.: Yetthere stands out before us the pros ,pective certainty that if our population does not increase at a very different pace from the present, it must fall behind' as thie waves of phrogressive and populous peoples roll theni on to their victory Once more it may be repeated that if the great: condition of .all industry, a ~pros. eirous .manuifacture of iron,'can be int~ro duceddon a large scale, there is ao liniit to which we nmay hope- ou; r population may inicreaseFailing thise orl esoita. grea a etequivalent aiot yet in. sight, then the well-meant attemipts toproniote tho set tlemizent of the soil may;resiult in a sue cess of a discouraging character . 