ECHOES FROM LONDON. [From our Special Correspondent.] ?The Regifter Office, 80 Fleet ?trcet, LONDON, April 30. —Ihe War Office and 'Society.'— 'Society' is upset about the War OfRce circular dealing with its interference* in bringing social pressure to l:eir on hieh officials to secure prefer ment and military con?i lenition fo;1 the pets of great families. It ig a severe rebuke to motherly duchesses and noble aunts. The warning extends to tin officers themselves, wlin are now forbiddf n to use or allow direct or indirect social or family influence in doling with the military authorities. That 'society' has always ex ercised its soda! influence in behalf of its gilded youth is notorious. Now it is boldly brought to public notice that har dened old Generals who attempted to dn ilieir duty in their official capacity have been so acted upon by society's unwritten laws that they have given way or rashly temporifc-d where stem duly should have governed their recommendations and pro motions. Had they done otherwise, tlieir wives and daughters would in certain cases have remained out of aocicty'tj invilatiin list. Tlie military *«t well understood how to apply the social boycott. For the navy the evjls of family influence were loti' a^o abolipbld. The Admiralty governs firm ly, and our naval discipline is the glory of its officers and the admiration of the world. —Chaos Supreme.— _ In military circles general dissatisfaction is felt with the War Oflice methods, of wliich Sir Alfred Turner is in a sense tlw victim. It is the want of definite an I systematic administration t la t is being criti cised. In making known his resignation of his post as Inspector-General of tlio Auxiliary Sir Alfred explains that, al though he was approaching lhc age limit, he was officially requested to continue to serve till the Duke of Norfolk's Commi's sum reported, liven until now the Nor folk Commisio!! has made no report: but Iiord Epher's report No. Ii lias appeared. Out of this was derived the reason for send ing for General Turner, and informing him that his successor was appointed. A re quest to clear out at once accompanied the information, and it i-! little wonder that iu the letter in which he explains his rcag. nation or retirement little care is tatem in disguise his iiiitur.il but well-restrained re sentment. Chaos seems to haunt the de partment. In March General turner was told to address Ids communications to tliy Army Council, and in less than a month tins order was countermanded, and he whs instructed to send everything to ihe Adju tant- General. What will happen if cv;r the Duke of Norfolk's Commission reports neither soldier nor civilian can guess. Mean, while chaos is supreme. —What the Colonies Owe to England — Mr. Arnold White, writing in The Sunday Sun on 'England's Unfair Burden of B:n PHV,'' tells us all (hat 'Ucticence, dismity, si!em« are the dominant note of the hnglish character.' Also that. 'For lea «ms which are creditable to Englishmen, I'.ngland has never a-scrted herself.' As all uiis and much more is said in good fiith and with mo=t excellent modesty, there can be liWle doubt that the avohK (f re buke and correction which he administers to all the nwat colonies, from Canada ti Australasia, will be received iu the like ex cellent spirit. In order that his Avoids may be read as soon as possible I give such ex. tmcts as apply to Australia:— T!u- Australian OronmnirtvealUi, with its cniptviiic cradle, protective tariff, and trades union Covorn incut, excludes frroi its shores re.t only our call-ant allies, the Ja.ian.-sc. lmt Kti!rli=liinm ot ihe I.IimkI. \Vitli our income tax id 1/ in the pound we Km;, lisli liaTP at Irast thp satisfaction of n-fWtiiir tl-at, uUIioiikIi we can never repay thp snloniliil pihantry of the. Australians at I'aanlelierK, wi! iiri; :it le.nl instrumental in maintaining a navy which protects Australians from a yellow adniii;il liein? reporte.1 at Sydm-y llcadu with orders In place a yellow viceroy at Covemmeiit llonsv and to occupy a picro of Ausralim anil until the countrymen tf Admiral Topo are freed from the liumilialini; cmlarsjo impost «n them lijj till! working men of Australia. Referring in the oWijption? recently in currrd in South Africa, the writer says:— 'The English people have paid seven-eighths of the c=st of a colonial war both in life and treasure, but are nevertheless thrcnt encil and harangued by our brave fellow countrymen in liritain' beyond the r«i be cause it is pnmosed lo advincc the j«us perity of the Transvaal by the iulioductrm of unskilled immigrant labour from (l-e Far East.' With a candour that is admoni tory and conveys the idea of a verbal com munication of futurity, lie adds:— In the OnflimonwtMlth of Australia the sudden awakening of the imlnstrial cmnmunitv to the part really played by England in their 'prosperous life would be a dramMc surprise, if the liurlMi Navy were suddenly withdrawn. The .Ia|uiiese would seia- the northern lurt of Australia, and there would lie nothinp tit prevent Admiral To«n after settling nmttf-rs with Runaa, from siE^est ira? to the Commonwealth Parliament the iulri-*i- Mencss of revising the immigration laws as applied to Asiatics. A clo?c Ja(«ni'se blockade «f the Austr.ilr.tn ports wnnld enable the statesmen of tlie ODnrfnonirealth to reflect limn the truth of the &-etrine that without sea power i» nation can k- sure of a place, in the tain. Mr. Arnold White himself concludes, io his own satisfaction and for the eobmsts's in formation, 'Xo amount of rhetoric about empire will get over facts such as these.' —Two 'Arnolds' in the Field.— TTaving read Mr. Arnold White's article I by chance turned to a work by another Arnold— Matthew. 1 remembered at ono. how (eerily oiiiabfc the latter wsis in deal ing witli the abstract; Jiow alteolirle in deal in? with the concrete' how e'harming as an apostle of sweetness and light; and in the latter charm 1 fancied a r&cmblann;' be tween the Arnold who was Matthew and the Arnold who is White, and sn honestlv transparent in liis regard for England and her heavy burdens. Uut even the great minds differ, mufliins ami liiarlciiiji (rrciit conclusions. As evidence let me quote from Matthew Arnold this passage— 'The Eng lish people have not only tn dn something different from what they have done hither to; they have also to lie something different, from what they hare been hitlurto. As a whole, as a community, (hey have to ar quire a larger and sweeter temper, a larger and more lurid mind. And tins, indeed, is no li^ht t;isk; jet it is Uie capital task now appointed us, and our safety dejicnds on cur- accomplishing it.' —A Serious Lawsuit.— The grcit opening speech of Sir Edward Clarke, K.C., in the Like George Mines v. (iibbe, Bright, & Co. case continues. It is only measured by days of time and columns of type. Tlie famous K.G com menced his address on Monday, and 'was continuing it on Thursday. In Uie City tlie utmost imiwrtance i? attached to tlie case. The high standing of the defendants, Biessre. Gibhs. ISriglit, & Co.. Anthony, (Jihhs. & Sons. Mr. Fram-is A. Kintiug. and Mr. Chariea Bdvrard Bright, h,is lithcr to stood unassailed. in Uie action now rending, the Like George Mines, Limited, claim damages for alleged fraudulent misie l»rosenfcition, whidh induceil the iilaintili's to purcha.«c a mining holding in Australia for a, hrfjs ctnrsideration, and to expend a considerable sum of money in working it. It ti further allretd by the plaintiffs that they lost the whole of their capital, amount ing to £I95,0G0, and all interest in the hold ing. The plaintiff company is now in liqui dation. Tlie defendant* deny the allegations of fraud, and set up a counter-claim for £851, and another for £900 moneys exjvend t-d by them for tQte us« of the 'plaintiffs. The case is being heard in Uie King's lfcnt-h before Mr. Jurtice LawTanoe and a special jury. On the fourth day of his spceo.U Sir Kdn-ard Clarke, K.C.. hail traced the his tory of the company through a vast mass of correspondent* down to February 1901; and, in referring to the many members of the defendant firms he told the Court that lie wished to say that, so far ns he could discover from the rorrespon+T**. (lie se nior partner, Mr. Vicary Gibbs, formerly M.P. for Hertford, and Mr. Alban (iibbs, member for the City of London, had aliKi lutely nothing tn do with the tnvn.*act.tfm-. On Friday morning, at the opening of th^ Court, Sir Edward stood up as fresh ainl ready as if his stream of forensic eloquence had not been flowinjr uninterruptedly dur ing four full days. , TA verdict was found for the defendants.— Ed.] —The Squire and the Stud Groom's Wife.— Tlie good-looking village wife has nowa days charms for the wealthy squire, as wa ; proved in the Divorce Court a few days ago, when Mr. Vernon Harcourt Freeman, a country ficntleman, of Cilwrndig l'uik, ?South Wales, wag ordered to pay £1,250 damages to th* wronged 'husband. For nine years of their married life Erne.-t Walter Hopkins, a stud Rroom, luul lived , comfortably with his wife, who !-ore him three children. Tlicy resided in onp of tiie I lodges in Olwrndiff Park, and Hopkins i wtw employed by & 'pay'.ng jruest' of Mr. I Freeman. In 1897 Mr. Freeman wa.s bus- J pitably inclined towards his servants and i tenants, and invited them to private tbea- j tricals at the 'bqr home;' and then and there that Mrs. Hopkins learned to ad mire bun as a 'haadmne man.' It was not till some time afterwards that an honett and flank-minded village carpenter remarked to Hopktni— 'Why don't you watch yoirr wife? Go to the other lodge on (he opposite aidtoftb* park one afternoon.' The hitierto fully contidini: husband took thehiat, Md-otd aa uacReswBMU writ to tho other lodge, wtiero two old pon/ sioned servants lived. KnaniKwinsed, ht» walked straight into a .parlour, whero ha found Uie squire and ins wile. RmiI uioi further enquiry, lw sis-ked Mr. (''riwnaiv —'What does thi' niranr' Tin. un«ry fquirc very nnpolHcly b:ide him '(-t onf; of this,' and, moved Ui further ili^ciur tesy, tflld him— 'Ymi l»a\'i! nn bui'iiiuM here. Tlits plate liflongs to inc.' After this defiant assertion of a great Inndloid's proprietary right-! theft was nothing for poor Hopkins to do but Iwivc t''' prcmiw?, taking his wife with him. AlU-rwmls U questioiH-d her, and she aswire.i him kIih had not been unfaithful to linn, but -«.|iii- dente was broken between Wiem, an.l Vi her supfiustion In; unit w^fe and chiLlr u to fxmiicn to May with friends until i-.e found anotlier situation. In a shnrt whin he found oue in the lAo of Wwhi, \\\\\mi iie sold off his hoino in ISlwmdig l.in:. It ivas aftenwinls rliscovrml Uwt hi- wnt» had not gone to the fru-nds i' L nd-ji; and later, when he had Im-hi al'l'* t' «11' some raoiwv, he obtained Uvai advice ainl private detectives were employed. ll!i wife did not cwiiimiimntc with Inf. lint, eventually slie was tract*! to Lowe4olt, w'heif she was fouiul otxiiiivin' apartmciitK with her tliree clulditu ami Mr. Ficcniiiii, wJio nad been already divorced, (-oiinsei claimed, and the CVn'irt ullowed, suUtati tial damages for the min umwd by tho squire's infatuation for tlui stud crooiu 3 wife. Hopkim wa.s givat tlie taisUxly or the children, —Tlie General and His Brother-in-law.— The wrongheadedness of men of baa- oC wilful nature is past iiccounting for. No more flagrant case of degeneracy and di*« lvputabilily lias been heard of in tiie Lon don Police Courts than that disclosed a few days ago at Marylcbone. A man, Minns, 40 years of age, a painter and decorator, _ waa charged with threatening liis sifter, .M ira n. da Sophie Carter, Ihe wife of Mjr.-d'en. Carter, of St. John's Wood Park. It is alleged that lie traded on hia rcliiw-nvhni to 31rs. Cartrr to extort moiicj- frmn iior. It came out in tlie st:iC:nient of tlie prose cuting counsel and in evidence that ''l'H. Carter had from time to time impJoynl Minns aB a wotlcman, lieing unaware of his rclationshiii to Mrs. Carter. For 10 or 12 yejirs the genonil's wife lwa ixt''- annoyed by her brt.thcr, and at last Uio man's conduct ljccunn so uubcamble tluit; she was advised to submit no longer to 1'ia threats or demands, but to fate whatever .scandal might be caused by bringing tho matter into Court. A U'fcU-r was ptodu'i.vl in Court, written by Minus in P.-isiinbrti last, in which threats wrc uttered in rcfe-i rence lo a gentleman, and in wuieh was es pre-Ked the writers intention of couimuni* eating wiUi hia sister's hwliand and onci of her husband's relatives. Tiie nio-eeulinS counsel comincntcd severely on ^linn's £eno« n\\\ conduct towards iiis f-ister and on ii imrticular ixissage in the letter, in wlucli h« said:— 'You will Uiink that I will not data to do such a thing. Well, if ymi don t write in two days from now to come to some arrangement, you will pee., JDnn'ti make any mistake, for I mean it. If 1 don't hear from you. ask Mr. ? whether he has had a loiter about you.' Tim man who would wriio such ft letter was, raid the counsel, 'past aD diainc. Evidence of otlirr letters written by Minna wns uiven, and it was shown that lie luul created disturbances calculated to intimi date as well as annoy Ids sister, thinkimr. no doubt, that if he gave suflii'ient annoy ance he would attain bin object and Im provided for. Only a few days lwfore hi* apnearunen in Court lie had tlircntenaj t-- take his sister's life. On being c.iHed u»ti- the witness box Mrs. Carter Raid:—' 1 ant swry to say that Uie prisoner is my bro ther. After my marriage t did not tell myi husband what ihe prisoner was to mo. My husband gave him employment for snnm years. EventimUy tho prisoner took srmn thini/, nnd when it was tound out lie lrit the nouse aud went away. Since then I have assisted him by gifts of money. r« some time past lie Imih Hubjeiiwl me to grcit; annoyancc by cominp Ui tlie house and writing letters to me. Some of these letU'irf were of such a cliaracte;- that I buniti them.' Minns was committed for trial. — £100,000 in Debt— Can a youth of 23 who has unaiwril drfiffl of £!C0.n00 be wu'd to linve lived well? Mr. E. Hobinson, son of tlie Me, Mr. Poke Ilolin?on. whow London shop is the ISlen-ti of the lady visitor, has been sued on a bill of exchange for £500, accepted by him anil made payable on March 3, llKH. TJie de fendant stated tint under tlie Will of hu father he is entitled to a large sum of money, but. lie cannot inherit until be is 21 years of age. No doubt, he thinks rt him in tho hand worth two in the hush, nnd ft enjoy the present while living as fust aa yw can towards the future is the whom duty of a fashionable London youth. &i; it came to pass, as he admitted in Court, that wlH'ii he came of ngc liw solicitor* raised £100000 to pay his debts. In tho present action, which was heard In tho Kind's lleneh Division, liefore Mr. .lustica KidJey it was argued (hat the jewellery for which (he bill was piven was purchased when liobinfon was nn infant, nnil thnfc tliero was nn corudderalion bclwocn tho holder of tlie bill anil the drawer, Mr. Charles Lindsay, jeweller, of ficorgc ntm-t Hanover squire: but tho Judge decided there was consideration, «nd said in his judgment the ciw was without defence. —A Urutal French Officer.— Tlie conscript soldier luis much to cn« durc while in the ranks. Army discipliiw is always exueting, but wlicu admin intered by olliccii! wlm have not their own tem pers well under control it is upfc to beeomo unbKirable. M. l-iagardo, it chevalier of tho liCgion of Honour, nnd voUrinnry of thn 5th Ungineere, lias lieen ttied before (he l'a- ris Council of War on :t cliarge of hruiaiitv; to a soldier, whom he struck with Jiii whip wJulo the man was assisting him to. perform an operation on a horse. 'Hip of fence wan admitted, and the ou'u«r excus ed himself i» being natunily impatient; bub the fiovcrnincnt asked the Oirt to ap|Uv the law rigoroasly, becauap 'the army ia now a nationiJ army, and tho soldiers 'm longing to it arc eomrjous of their inotul dignity, which slwuld Ik? nspected.' Tim (Jovcrnmcnl rcpruwntTtiw, in a stri.fig ap peal, insistctl that tlie soldiers' superiot* .should be shown that they niiiy nnttlu-n strike nor insult tlwm, and the Iburt oon dauncd the accused ofliccr to a month's iinpripoamcnt. — Dctectivca to lie Prosecuted.— 'Slater's men,' who 1h«iiiic notorious1 during the evidence giwi in the 1'ollaixl divorce case, liavo liocn iirrcstwl. iihUr Agency is known all owx the yaM. lo seems to have claimed to have private enqui rers cvcrywlicre, and to hv :iJ-!c to i;el t.i know everything, iimie of iU ways an I means to knowledge ;uul rviikiw wci.: made known in Hit; witness, bu:; wlmi !?--'?. tain of its private detoaives wet.- mule examination. Tlip .Imlpi1 put. tlii^ iliri-. t, que?tion to the jury ai, Uie close oi tJio trial:— 'Do you liml that , l^'ioir tlu- pre sentation of the |)ftition in Uie ,-nit. it hul been arranged, by a iiersmi nr poiH)ii.s ;u I ing on lichalf of tho pi'tjlionij*. that tlio respondent should be iiMhuitl to cnnnm; misconduct in order that tlie petit ioticc might obtain a divorce?' The- jui-y lniin I | that one liivis i-o arttil, ami with tlnj knowledge of Mr. fMioni, On: si!»itnr, and Mr. Slater. Tliat lindin;: is ?':. hi. gis of the prcscnl proceeding? by uie I'iiU lie Prosecutor. The miuiacer of tl»- ap iiey (Mr. Ilcnrj-) vim ani-1ed at. .--...tii.-i'i!. lieiiry S^ott was brought t» I low -ihii by Detcclive-serjeaiit C'arlin, to whom he aaid:, — '1 am us innocent as a cluM, I «n away at the time.' Jolin Pm-i-i. -a l-i-iy, was nrrcKicil at ltiuiini:h;i i .-ii-.-ei, City, and he remarked:—'^ didu ! think they would put me into it.'' Al1' ?:! ()-- born, solicitor, one of tin: firm of Osboni anil Oslxmi, was anisned ;tt 1 n'- !?«!. nn Saturday morning, and when toM ??! tlij warrant replied:— ''It. is very annoying, Imt 1 suppose. 1 must accnm|iany you.' iVdo rick iSt'inley Davis, wIiom: residence in .i'; Wood (ircr.ii, i- dtsrTiltcd iu- ;i iiri\'Ate de tective in the employment of 'lie ageiu-y. Tlie arrest is dtfiisalionai, altlvmgh ii't an unexpected dovekipim- nl ui 1 tie iinxij'liiitt iu the Divon-e (.'ouri. -\U Uie iiiiaiicr, are cliaipcd v.-ilJi eoiisspipn-y U- iicrvcrt Hiq due eoture of justiu*. — Ex- GuanNnian1!) Action for Divnivo.— Fifty pounds damages and a decreo nisi were awarded to Mr. l'ursplove, nil I'N (iunnl-tn:ui. in liis ;iclii-n \i-r ilivorcc. Mi.— ounduct with the soldier's wile »~i.s alli-^vl against llaymond Corldard, a culliciy cJirrl:, during 1'insglovn's altsriu^ in S.uUi Afriwi. In guppfirt of the petition counsel t.Jil iJio CViurt that two yejirs after Uv iivirria'^1, which d«k place ill l!KW, AI ts. IHirspL ve visi ted her p.nentfl. As sfc did in.i.fetiiin linmo her hushind nrroti1 U- her; Nut .nln' replieil to his letter that die did noi want to sco him any moiv. This causeil him nmeli min ::nd nntioyanee, and jls ho e'iiM not indue? her to return to him lie. - ni.-A^l in ihe (lie. nadit'i1 liuanU in tliu luim- of l''i csdi'i icb (iardncr. At tin --l(we of tlu* South Afiiciit wir he obtained his disdnria1 and iMtninu reran ciled to his *-ife, but six months after wards Min. I'ursf-'love r;i»-c birth to a rliilij, and five days ktcr »hc Trote out a statem^ut that llfiymund -ioildard was l*.c father -.£ tlio inf.mt. Sulv«wiucntl.v hIic linnde,] to Itnr husbond a letter signed 'R.' It ran:— 'My dear Kale— I mil not In able to come into town (Chesterfield) tomorrow. hn,k out for a letU-r on Saturday morning, and if I don't have to go to HuArtall 1 mil coma in by an early train and meet you ab tlio 'C. A.' (Clicsterfidd Anw).' iirs Rj». glow, \dien questioned iu Omrt ab-xit her *Tittcn confession, said. 'It is untrue;' and, while admitting that her husliand wnst ao^ihu folke c£ her, pconuUhiU, dbt-d» ilicd that slie had ever niwconductcd lier sdf vyitU Goddard. The firs.t portion nf lier named life was. she said, -«-? unluip|»y. Her husband 'did not provide even the necessaries of life, bill .-pent his money on nettiiw. ' Since leaving him she hyd sttp Portwl herself by laundry work. Tn reply to further question- h'le tlatcd that her niLsbiind slid to her lh.it 'unless she told him who Iwr lover w .1.-. he would have her certified insane;' lie also named several tradespeople to lior. and suggested tlut she should pick out the name of some one with money; but under i.iu-w-examination she proved stubborn, anil when counsel called her attention to in-r ndmis-ion that .she had misconducted limelf with some one who was not the co-tvspondent she at first do clifcd to tell tin' Court .where and , with whom the misconduct took place. The'lVo sident— 'You must say.'' Counsel then ro peiitcd the question, but 'Airs. Pursg^ove 'wjiii not to be moved. -A^iin tho Judge iti terpestd— ''It is your duty tb say.' 3frs. Fun-glove named a pla-«, and fixed the ?late .at February 4. !'\Vh;it is the name of the man who is thi! fat.lier of j-onr cliild?'' asked ionn.-(.'l and again . Jlre. l^ir.'fjovc. with a tiirfilenini; nf the lips answered', 1-I decline to siy.''''lt h your duty to say,' reppotcd tiio .ludge. 'I shall nob say.' 'Mrs. I'ursflove retorted, very slowly.' but very (irmlv. 'Vwi know the only' inference ?wlm-lt tl'i* juiy will draw from that,' com inx-n1t.il tH-i l.-onlship, adding. 'She may writr it jloi«ii if shn wishes.'' IMrs. Purs i^lnre— ''Xo, sir, I pJialt not.' The corc srtwdent. Goddanl, de'tued misconduct. When asked why he liad witten to Mrs. rim-irlovo requesting her to meet him after !io b;u1 been told she was a married -woman. Goddard declared that he only wanted to 7itakc flire whether it ni time or not. 'Hut why not :tsk her in tilie letter yon wrote?''' pressed counsel. '?'Because,' an Kweri-d thc co-respondent. 'I could 'not with any desire of sifcty, itnd I (Ed not want my wife to loiow T ivas philanderins about.'' Tho jiirj' without vraitans; for tlie ?iiunsels' addrcsrcs found that Mrs. Pnrs plove and Oixldard .luid been guilty of mis conduct. ' ; — Sliakspcare Uay. St . ( icorze, and Aeschy lus.— ~ *'; AH over England Shaks|ieare mid St. Gcot«i! -'barwl tiie henours of April H. ? The p-itfan siint wiu« honoiireil by :i ^euoral di:; pluy of roses red and white'; the. poet and ?playmaker by commemmorafcion perfor mames at'Slratford-on- Avon. and by the iin vaiiina of his memorial stahic at; Weimar. ihe little clxsncal Oermun town beloved of Goethe and Sthiiler. So, while the German Sbakspeare Suciely was meeting at Weimar, .Englishmen were honcirriiifj him in lets na tive placa. Mr. !?'. II. lienson, an excellent iiapsr-ionator of Shakspeare's ebanictcrs, ?u-us manager of t'he iicrformances ia die ^Memorial TlieatTe. Twenty years iiaro lie j niaile something of a hit as an amatenr by j iiis jiert'ormaru'c of ClyivmncstRi in the 1 'Ag:inieinrion'-ot Aejehyliis. For the Ikst i time the sivat Hrcclc tragedy was ftjven in! conjunction Avith ihe Shakspeare eclcbra 1 kms :it v^tratford. and the finely successful verformanec on the eve of Sliakspearc's ! birthday was followed by production of uie other mnsternioees which makeup the tri h-ry. 'Tlie Libation Bearers,' and 'The Furies.'' Mr. I'.cnscn played Orestes, aud lite text u-wl was the English translation ! bv .Morsttcr.d. frijfn festhiU wn» made ot | r*hal:spcare's birthday, and the quiet litt'c T«wn wnl;c up in the early niorninjj to ;-cals of bells and gay processions. Alorris dancers made merry, and Tom Fool pranced about cm liis Hobby Horse. Tlie Mayor took part in the procession to Shaksooare's grave, and ?wreath.'- of bay leaves Mid flowers in profu sion were placed ujion it. The Grammar j Meh'iiol sent a line -wTPath of arum ltfi*s. and ctber flower.-; were brougirfc from Sivj Tltomas Moore's Kirdcn :;nilfromSir Walter Scott's. !u the afternoon there was a per formance of ;TIamlct,' and in the evening of 'As Vou ]Jke It.' At the Sarage Club full honour wa.? done to the !?t;at heir of fame. Sir Edward Otirko presided at the liotise dinner, and said he never sislied over Carlylc without thinking how fort.mia.t-e Fhaksjieirre was. Tlie eminent K.C., with jiiach faiSrical humour, made it lcnown that Fhakspeare ? was. the author of tlic Prayer Uook version of the PsJnw. In Slinks peare's name properly spelled there were fuur vwHs and six consonants. If the Savajjus Ifiokeil at the Forty-sixth- P:alm, they would iirnl that llw forty-sixth wonl ?from tli? bcf.nniiH of tlie psalm was ??sliake;' and that tlic fm'ty-sixth word from tlie end was 'spear.'' No proof eoutsl b« anorc iwnciiwiw:! Queen Alex:indr.i lists con tribtrta-l .CI05 towards tie Danish Fund iu aujiuratcil by tlve -prominent ritiznia of YM lion1, whore' it is | nipo-ed to erect a statue of Shalspcare near to the 1 .imparts of 'Krmi lieiv (^i--tk-, vvlifie tiUi.liUon says Uie shtwt appan^! to Hamlet. The statue is Che work of lite great Panish sculptor, Lotus fllas-elriu. —Censorship of 'Gas' and 'Patter.'— There L- pt*^ friction between the Ijoh -lon theatrical :uid music hall managers and tlic Lord Chamberlain's Department. The plage censor kis issued a circular of in ?strnctions. Tt. las been at once accepted hy eertiiin iiuinagers as a pa]liibition of ''iji!;' and 'ptittei-.-'' It is s.-iitl that this 'document when submitted to tiie TheatricJ SLiBitSta?' Association w«s supposed to be foniidenoal. lie thtit :is it m!^, it is easy tit see how 'iii)-to-dak;'' 'gaff' and '?pat- ter' on same topic of Uie moment may lie- made offensive -tu nations with wlvom-vn; ?desite tu preserve friendly relations. All ?jniWi'J men lend llienisplves . to caricature, ?uul stage wits and comic accors ari natu wily qiiki to sxib.c tltrir opportunity. .Mil; sic 'Will )«Pts a't oiivv m:«le the most of tlie enthrall: cf the war in the Far- Easi. iTheir luisimvs i-; 10 write always on the liopukr side; but it- was tpiickly intimated ts- the management of the (iuitcrbury that the authorities -M not apprcdtite a l«dy aa'tiit sinaug:— l\nd -tlx; stimly littlpJap sis aiiluL-k}- lilUe- rffl[-; And 1« quickly sol on Ix-ani lib -little vtas'l, -*.uil tin; Er«U. lii^ Russian Icitr ven- sjon v.-ja iiwJi- a«:ire Tliat tlw jilui-ky litilp.-Tap knew lww to -wrestle. O!i! tbatpegoers remember how Glad htctie. l.-owc. and . Ayrtou were satirized in ?'The llappy Lanil' wlien it was produced ?:it the &npt; 'lin-aire. Tim iictor's 'Tnake up' was in etcli case an artistic carica ture of ihe-st.TtrsnKin. Thc prcsstaml good taste wori-.«)ffenilcd, tlrough r/.trt of London w.ts amased. 'Hie Lord Oba.mlK*rkin in tui-vomil, flie offensive nrttfer whieli jiad baeii 'guggtd1' or written in alter tlicpi&;e Ivdd lieen licensed was itanoved. and the 'inauagcmciit apolopxcd. There is no room for doubt that the authority of tlie censor 3ias tJontroUcd the nsitU'i-in wrtnin musi cal comedies, both 'gag,' '.md -lp:itt-;r,'' ?which was calctd:it«l to tcronsc ivntiKin leeiinR and interfere with the present pood imderst-.i.ni3in,'J existing between ]5ngland auil Coutimuitiil rutlioas. It has been the «:ustr,m, oven after a first night's failure, to so renTite certain piews tliat they bave become new plays iu nil but name. As a rule, what is called \1k 'ivritiug up' has i-eeu a 'writing down' to more -popular (?onunonplice. .hist now. when there is ?war betwetax Japan,- our ally. :ui-l Russia, .1 great Power Avitli wlipm we wish to pro yerve at least friendly Tclatiims, a spark ling ''gag:' thaudi innocently humorous, miuht ei-sily In? lonsrriipd into a ftnliticiiUy offensive or even unfriendly utteiance. -'Old Qla^r Fsishionable Tjomldn's latest, craze is for collecting old glass. That of the eighteenth and nineteenth ccnturitis is g:itlicrcil to ^cthtT, and catalogued with every care for its i-Jtar and -lelic.Ptc transparency, its iiejtvy tind dnep cut-ting, or its line tnicery '?ngniving. ft is tliiirk, it, is thin, it is tall, it is short, it is ugly, and it is beautiful to lcok at.iu many farms of drinking glasses. muiis, goblets, cggcujis, itnd. cream jugs. The \--otitagci! and farmliousus of the11 far-otf northern counties luive been r.msackcd. iir-t ;l« thej' were when the hobby was ''pr.inilfatbcr clocks' and old kitchen drcs. vctv. Our RrandmoLher's scent bottles arc Tiny.- prized and restored to a prominent Tiit'i: in her great uiitnddauglitcr'a bou ?loir. nia.-« bowL', 'dandies' for 'r/uneli, 'nimnifirs' inch ;is Old I'eggoty and Cfe.p lain Out tic wuld lwve 1ml, 'jctdi'a pritf,' as t!ic dwiiors say: r.ntl T hare late ly -ci'ii two specimens of ''Jacobite' gla.«s which have been brougb't to London from i!u' Kctitcii home of mie of the Frasers. V^'ill Sydney be avnloitcd for jdstss as it was i;i the onHy eiglrteon lamilrcds for tho_old v.iilf/.v pattern dinner s(;ts and old china.': ]t i- r.rolsiblc 'ihat many i\w specimens of '?!d Knyli^li jrlj^swarc are still preserved iu ihi- Anstntlias ;iml in New Zealand among the grandclaldren of the early setilers. —A it the Tallest Men Scotsmen — It .N v.x'll to bt reassured that Scotland sktthi- »4it;re it di,l for tall men.- 1'antli .?mil Cidlou-av s-jntl us the tallest men; and, ILki' YorksuirB's best, they are firm iu iiiinJc- mu! strong in Iwne. Until some -«=^ ago the '13,' or ' CasUe ' Division, of ihf l)ul»!iji police and the Hoyal Irish1 Con wulntltiry liad thc linest average, of tall men \--nU:ile 'ihc Koyal (tiiards. At one time tltfic v,-;,:- not in the 'IV Division, one sin-^'i- man wider (i ft. The present average f-/r the south- west of Kmiland nnd South WaliN h Ji ft. (i in. Tlie 1'ula.hs, of the Pronili Soudan, are a line race, and rise to an average nf (i ft.; mid the Patagonians Jwld tlinif own abmit;. evenly nnth the lest men of Callnway and I'crtJishirc. Tlierc.is good niithtuuy for believing that the Bri tish rate. is Jailer than it was., years 'ago, idion it foiiglt in annaur. To judse from the writs oi unnour to; be seen 'in' thc Tower of London, tlie average nf the fight jng men -was- considerably. . under' the Insight of our men of to-day; nor do they appear to'liavc-bcca an untacukriy, .deveJwi-l ed, for the thigh and lex peoea arc -short anil too small for our modern men. In London the average ruajrht falls to the Welsh staudaitl, and the ouestioa of tailor's clKirgcs for suits of clothes has been receiving attention. Oust- omers who are iiaill do not sec wl»y. if you am clothe a j jri.int in tweed for three guineas, thcyj she uld he compelled to pay the same. The j taili i-^ answeis are tli.it what lie makes 011 the small man averages with his loss on thc b'g nun. and that workmen are paid extra for tixnts* tin's. Sonic *'Hg''j customers willingly paj- .. . niun: for their, clothes. Thc genci-il Itritisli average is far higher than that of most of the Conti nental people.-. ;:. —J\n Indignant I'l-ic-i.— In the lioniin Catholic Church «t Kirk calily the l!ev._Rillier .Koley was contiui:!.-. ing, a ic'igioiis class ''whuff he overhcaiil William 1'Vgan iirtlie'-nd[pin'ng vcs.ay mak-i mg giave ciiarges ag-iiiisbhim lb Xlts. F11 gan and another woman.' -Father Foluy arose in wrath, and smote Pagan with sreit vigour. Ihe baillie said the priest had /received great p'ovocation, and lined him —Consumption in Canada.— Sir Wilfrid Laurier was 'informed by a deputation desiring a Government grain* for the establishment of model saiiatoriums in Canada that there were IJO.UOO consunirrivc^ in the Domnion. The deathr.ite Hietc from tuberculosis is- 8 per 1-000. The rrein er, who promised to have ;in enquiry made, was in sympathy with the deputation. —A (!ay Deceiver.— In thc Indian tcn-itory near the town of Sapulpa there has just oecuiTcil an extra oriiinary instance of clever 'deception, cf which iiit attractive young girl was the vic tim. A farmer named Harvey Auglin, a married n:an somewhat over 'middle age, fell violently in love with Hiss Jleliisa Stubbleficld, a neighbour's' pretty daughter, agwl 22. Craftily concealing liis love, writes the (liitj-io coiTfepondent of The Daily Mail, lie talked incessantly while m the young g'rl's presence of an* imaginary' friend in Kentucky, to whom he gave the name of Lee Sinison. Srt constantly did lie 'dwell on the accomplishments and ad mirable qualities of Simson that Hiss Stub blclielil cxprcsHHl a strong desire to meet: that gentleuun, and timdly started a cor n-siwndiMieft with him through Anglin. Thc rwull of this exchange of letters between the mythical .Simson — iu reality llarvcy An»lin— and .Miss StnbblerieM was that thev became engaged to be m:rricd, and a dite Avas lixed for the wedding. Ten flays pre viously Anglin visited a nctghbuuring town. wl.c:c he nail his red hair dyed black, his whiskers shaved off, and hU teeth manipu lated by a dentist. Heturning to Sapulpx in a new suit of clothes, he gave bimsel: out to be Mr. L-ce Simson. a wealthy csipi tKlist. and to add to his 'deception opened an account .it the bank in that name. Find ing that up to the day before that fixed foe t!tn wedding he remained unrecognised, he. boldly drove to tlie farm where JlissSlub bleficld lived and churned his bride, an-l tlic mar.iagc took pki-c the fo!lowini/ dy. As lie dio/c ? ff from the town be stopped at liis own house and asked his --'-n Avt- the way with-iit being ice giKxl. He t'hn as- istel his fon to repair the cirriaie of a frii'titl who was driviup- with hi'u. Scne diiys h'lcr die trick was d scovere I. ami aM wa-rant wa? i-si:ed fa' Airglin's tiircsr, but! I he had alrc.idy lied, leaving his bride tu ' retuni to her parents. ' — 'iliscellitneoiis. — A {?'rencli chauffeur is chargcil with the. 1 manslaughter of a cyclist at lielmont, near ] Sutton, Surrey. While travelling very fast i he crossed to the wrong side of the road in I order (o avoid a motor cyJe, and ecllidwl i with Ihe bicyclist, who was thrown to sucii a height that- he turned two somersaults in his fall. A traveller for a London firm of haber- i dashers has I teen telling a New York )vipc: '. of a wonderful necktie that is soon to !)« I placed on the London market. It is Io lie called a the liaromcter lie, and its great point is that it changes colour in sympathy with the weather. When it is warm and set fair the necktie is bine. In cold wei ther it I'lwingcs to purple. Thc approach . of rain js heralded by pink, ami snow makes lim tic violently green. The fab- ! lie of whieh it is made resembles a coarse ; linen, and can easily be used for almost any article of dress. Thus, thinks The Daily J Chronicle, in the (jiiod lime coming, a wo man will he able to put on a blue gown in the morning, by noon it wi'l have turncl to miitve. the afternoon will find it pink, anil the evening some other colour. \- A well-dressed young man found in the apartments of Professor Huntingdon, of King's College, declined to give any account of himself, but his: easing may he surmised from the following Yillon-ous verses disco vered in his pocket:— Under tlie spivadiii? Rnosdicrry bush The village burglar H'.s, The Imnrfcir' is a. crafty man, With whLstos mi his vym; Anil tho traiaclcs of his Imtviiiy .imw Keep oil tliv little tlic s. ' He pv? nn Siniifciy to the church : T11 lirar tlip p:irson shout, lit- puis ;i Bliillinc in tlic tag. Ami lake* :i sovercjpi oirt; Anil wlirn lie rwclKii lwmo aftain lie siniles without a doubt. All echo of JakezT'alfour's palmy days, nnd thc subsequent Lilicnitar fraud rcvcla- : tions, itonuis in a notice. Io the creditors of the Ivfmdcn and (leiic-m! Rink. 'Hie t^nlli ; and liiril dividend is' now payable, mak'ng 18/3 l7-20tli! in tbc round. Oftlie-£15I»,65?, \ nsset-' realized. thc imfortunitc ' sliarcbolders nontributcd .'-81,485, and got nothing iu re turn. ?.???.' A man went, into a church at Northainn- '' ton and found the sacra menUi! wine. He drank alwut a quart, anil then lux-nine carcle-w cf consequences, interlaced his fin- j gnrs over his wiist, and fell into a «i.lr.i sleep. When found he was pia'-e a ii';t°. of bv the police, ytho chaigcd him will sacrilege— a very ambiguous offence in lh mind of such a person. A «uw in the Mold County Court not being finished in time for the -ludge and counsel to catch Ihe train Io Chester, the arguments weie concluilcd in the railwsiy. carriage. liis Honor Sir Iloraxio l-!oy.l reserved judgment. 'Flip distance was 11 railes. and totmscl spoke for seven ajwetc. It is declared (with tongue in cheek?) tliat nothing but a dcsiie'to save expense to the litigauls would have induced such a course. The Americans tot up (heir own driiK bill for lflfl:1.. It amounted to £200.32C,67«. Illicit stills flourish in all the States. 