GENERAL ITEMS. 'Applications for rdunds (says the "Brisbane Courier"), are being made ip the Commissioner of the Income Has toy those members of the Common wealth service who had paid the tax Ibefore the reoaat decision of the High Court became known. It Is generally accepted now that the service will.con tinue to escape the lax, as the amount Involved would scarcely he held to Warrant an amendment of the Con-r Btltutlcm. , A possibility which has yet .o be considered la fchether or not the State Treasurers may. not be .aible to prevail upon, the Commonwealth salar ies by the amount .of the tax In each' case, a position which jon.;the face of ft would seem to be perteetlyconstitu tional. The salaries have to come from the State In the first place, though tb'ey are voted In the Common wealth Estimates. .. ^ Prior to his departure to Brisbane, '(says the "Townsville Star") Mr. P. Peterson, one of the delegates appoint ed by the Sugar Conference to present the resolutions to the Premier, receiv ed a letter from the Scandanavian Consular agent in Townsville, Mr. C. F. A. Sparre, embodying a communi cation from the Scandinavian Gov ernment inquiring if Queensland were suitable for the settlement of Danish emigrants. Mr. Peterson, who is a Scandanavian himself, strongly approv ed of the suggestion, being of the opin ion that Danish emigrants of the right class would find abundant opportunit ies in this country. When in Brisbane, Mr. Peterson handed the letter to the Hon. A. Morgan, who was much inter ested in the matter. Mr. Morgan spoke of the splendid pioneering and ' BRUISES, WOUNDS AND LACER ATIONS need an antiseptic dressing. Chamberlain's Pain Balm answers this impose to perfection. It Is a liniment of wonderful healing power. One ap plication gives relief. Try it agricultural work done In the Roea wood, Laldiey. KUIarney and Warwick; districts by Battlers at this race and gave It as blB opinion that they were] among the best colonlstB that havfj made their homes in the State. The] Premier took copies of the letter and the matter is now in the hands of the Agricultural Department Mr. Peter-1 son believes that If passages were pro vided any number of skilled, sturdy farmers could be Induced to Immigrate to Queensland. A mistake has been made In the past, he aays, in taking the workless people Iran the laree cities. It the back countrymen were approached In the proper manner he) Is sure we would receive » large and capable addition to our agrarian set tlers, and that lands now lying idle would be turned to uae and profit. 