TOPICS OF THE DAY. THE STATE PARLIAMENT. The notice-paper of the Legislative Council is now much more crowded than that of the House of Assembly, and the members of the Upper House will soon have to and the practice of the Assembly if they wish to catch up with their work. The third reading of the Pastoral Bill is the first order of the day in the Council for to-day, and when the measure gets back to the Assembly there will be much discussion on the amendments which have been made in the Bill. The Coupon and Railway, and Corporation Lands Bills are also down for their third readings, and they will, no doubt, find their way to the Assembly during the afternoon. Then the Council will find some heavy work before it in the Brands Bill, the Railway District Rating Bill, and the District Councils Bill. The other measures on the notice-paper can scarcely be touched to-day. The Tes- tators' Family Bill and the Workmen's Compensation Bill will supply ample scope for debate to-morrow, The Murray [Barrage Bill is fing gp. ins Assemby- paper for to-day, and it may be pushed to a division, though many; members are un- certain as to what the effect of the barrages will be. The Tramways Bill, which now stands second on the paper, must, after many postponements, be called on for further discussion and alteration in committee. It is fortunate, perhaps, that the Bill has been kept back, for. in the light of Mr. Bradford's report on electric railways, members should have little compunction in rejecting the measure. Other Bills on the notice-paper are in this order Teachers' Superannuation Fund Bill, the Police Fund Bill, the Places of Public Amusement Bill, the Sale of Furniture Bill, the Dental Bill, and the Wan- dire and Glencoe Railway Bill. To-morrow Mr. Seward will ask that Wayville be declared a polling-place for the district of Torrens, and Mr. Price will move for a return showing what lesson books are used in the schools, and which of them are produced locally, and which imported. The chief order of the day is Mr. Coombe's motion in favor of institutes being paid a subsidy of 15 instead of 12/6. The Speaker will probably rule out of order the Treasurers amendment providing for the increase being paid out of surplus revenue. There are 14 orders of the day, but Government business will be called on at half-past 7, and private members' business must stand over till Friday, when the House will meet for the purpose of giving it consideration. The first order of the day for Friday is an important one the Council Franchise Extension Bill, and the occasion is all the more important because the Premier will declare the attitude of the Government on the question, which a year or two ago found in him so ardent and able a. supporter. "THE BATTLE OF BALAKLAVA. To-day is the jubilee of the Balaklava charge, the glory of which has been im- moralised by Tennyson, and is frequently brought to the remembrance by elocu- tionists of all degrees of ability. There are a good many men in South Australia who took some part in the Crimean war, but it is not likely that any of the 200 survivors of the heroic charge of the Light Brigade are to be found in this State. The memory of the fight will, however, live-long after all the survivors have passed away. How it came about that the lives of 400 gallant men were sacrificed for no purpose whatever will, of course, never be known. At the time some people blamed Lord Card- gan, some Lord Lucan (Cardigan's brother in-law and superior officer, with whom he was at personal enmity), and some Captain Nolan, the aide-de-camp, who lost his life immediately after delivering the order for the charge. "Straight down the valley," writes Cardigan's biographer, between the Russian batteries, along one line of hills, and the captured Turkish batteries, on the other, and right at the Russian batteries in the front, Cardigan' galloped many yards in front of his men. He" was first among the Russian guns, receiving but one slight wound in the leg, and then rode slowly out of the melee. Unfortunately for his reputation, although he was the first man among the Russian guns, he was not the last to leave them. Officers and men stood about looking for their general, and waiting for orders, and then rode away, from the guns in tens and twenties, in twos and threes. Cardigan played the part of a hero, but not of a general." It is an interesting fact that to-day is also the 40th anniversary of the battle of Agincourt, in" which 14,000 English routed 50,000 French. SEARCHING- FOR TRACES OF , LEICHHARDT. The Under-Treasurer Mr. T. Gill has received a letter from the members of the Barclay-Macpherson expedition, which went out into the north-east country towards the Queensland border a few months ago to search for remains of the Leichhardt explor- ing party. The present expedition consists of "Captain Barclay, Mr. D. Macpherson, and Captain E. -T. F. Longley,' DSM.. and their letter states: "Camp on Hale River, September 24, 1904. We have succeeded in crossing the sandhills from anaconda bore to Phillipson's Creek, and thence eastward to Hale River. The country is very dry. We now proceed eastward, looking for water, and an opportunity of making south again. Few. if any, of the creeks have run this year, and nearly all the waters shown on the maps are dried up. This is only a rough note to let you know we are all right. The camels are in very good condition." THE WHITE PLAGUE. We want to know whether Kalyra is a suitable place for consumptives," said Councillor Wright at the meeting of the Hindmarsh, Board of Health on Monday evening. What induced the remark was a report from the secretary of the Adelaide Local Board of Health (Mr. Ellery), which stated that the superintendent of the Kalyra Consumptive Home had reported that the majority of the cases, at present being treated were beyond the curable stage, and must be discharged to provide room for other patients. Care should be exercised in recommending only cases in the early stages of the disease, in order that the limited provision made might be used to the greatest advantage. It was stated that the board paid £19 per annum towards the cost of the home, and that only one patient had been sent there by the board. Councillor Wright said it was questionable whether Kalyra was a suitable place. If it was?, he was prepared to vote more than the board was contributing, but a more detailed report should have been supplied. The Mayor said there was a difference of opinion among medical men a to whether Kalyra was a suitable place, li was decided to ask Mr. Ellery for a more detailed report. AMONG THE GODS." To the student of human nature there is no better field for investigation' than amongst the occupants of the gallery at the Theatre Royal. The vociferous applause, and the free and easy criticism with which the different points of a play are greeted A are both interesting and instructive, whilst they afford a welcome relaxation from the "stand-offishness'' of the more aristocratic section of the house. Be you rich or poor, well-dressed or ragged, the same bluff, "hail-fellow-well-met" reception is accorded you among the gods." With the idea of experiencing a few of the impressions which "A Sailor's Sweetheart" would make an aspiring journalist on Saturday expended a shilling. and became for the nonce a galleries. It was a first night, and the usual large crowd had assembled to witness the initial performance of the sensational nautical drama- Although he was at the theatre before 7 p.m. " a large assemblage had already gathered, and the reporter felt inclined to shrink from the ordeal of being pushed and jostled, and to pay the extra sixpence charged for the privilege of entering by the early doors. This temptation was manfully resisted, however, and he took up a position about half-way up the wooden stairs leading to the home of the gods." there to wait until the doors were opened. The crowd increased every moment, and the time which elapsed before the relic!" came seemed an eternity and ere the period of squeezing had passed the special sincerely wished he had followed his former inclination. At last the way was made clear before, and he was carried bodily in, minus a hat and certain pieces of skin from various parts of his carcase. A loquacious gentleman, who belongs to the class which delights in pestering those near by with their opinion, gave him much trouble. Immediately the performance began he strove to show his? knowledge by finding fault with the acting. "This company, he said, "are only second-raters; if you like really good acting you should see some of the English actors." The reporter ventured to express the opinion that they were a most talented company, and as regards scenery, that they had one of the best displays ever seen in Adelaide. The lCCBspi' fluidsJx silenced him, however, by" enquiring whether he had witnessed a long a string of plays and players whom he glibly named. When the scribe modestly replied in the negative, the critic patronisingly remarked, "Then a on are incapable of judg- ing the merits or demerits of a play. but no doubt hill gun experience with age ' The crushed journalist took the oppor- turns; in the first interval of moving a few years as it from his new found friend. who \--seemed too much inclined to enter into a conti overs His new neighbor was an old man ex identH bent on enjoying himself in a response to the question, "What is your opinion of the pier'" this contented man replied - Very good, indeed, if I always get as good a "bob. north as this I won't go unable * A perfect lady near by, to whom the same enquiry was made stated that she considered it a 'boshter." She meant, no doubt that she thought it good. The 1 language of the gods ' is charmingly A were gutted. and consists mainly of Australian slang Perhaps the most popular scene in the piece was that in which the villain (most detected of being--) Ins a most mo lent altercation with the old vicar, who, forgetting his clerical robes, indulges in an emphatic adjective The "damned scoundrel just expressed the feelings of the gal- len Main were the threats levelled at the villain and the vicar was frequently and lured to push his face in " "scrag him " or effectually to deal with him according to many other choice pieces of advice Stage V cattle In alw was a staunch friend and acted vice a stalwart foe in the gallery, boy. "'PATHOGENIC" SPEECH. The medical department of the British Local Government Board (says our London correspondent, writing on September 23 have just issued a report which adds yet another terror to life. Everyone has known from childhood upward that evil communications corrupt good manners, but it has remained for Dr. Mervyn Gordon to show the world that the contaminating influence of speech is not confined to the use of improper language. The noblest sentiments, is uttered in a loud, penetrating Jane, may carry it seems a multitude of infectious germs from the mouth of the speaker to the nostrils of his admiring audience. "As the outcome of varied and repeated experi- ments." says Dr. Gordon, who has been conducting an investigation on behalf of the Local Government Board, "it has been well substantiated that not only in the acts of coughing and sneezing, but also in the act of loud speaking, fine droplets of mucus are sprayed from the mouth into the air, that they float in the air, and that they may be wafted by air currents such as obtain in ordinary rooms to a distance that appears at first sight to be almost incredible." It was found that-by sneezing twelve times, giving a few short coughs, and speaking a few words the spray went a distance of 40 ft. There is, it appears, a germ which re- joices in the name of B prodigious, the jumping powers of which would put the liveliest flea to shame. A loud-voiced orator can send B prodigious to a distance of 24 ft. in front of him. and also to a considerable distance behind him. Public speakers, preachers, actors, and other people who speak forcibly send out millions of these organisms. Fortunately, they are for the most part harmless, but the danger lies in the dissemination of the tubercle bacilli the germs of consumption. Many healthy people can throw off even these, but there are thousands who may be infect- ed from various causes, and loud speak 5 or coughing appears to be one of these causes. Of course this is not a legitimate excuse for not going to church on Sunday, unless the nervous individual is prepared also to stay away from theatres, music-halls, and public gatherings of all kinds. But if an orator persists in shouting in a man's ears the latter will be justified in pointing out that his "air steep- tobacco" are not above suspicion. And he may crush him with the newest version of an old text, "A soft answer turneth away wrath, and also 'prevented- the dissemina- tion of pathogenic micro-organisms." * LORD TENNYSON'S MEMORIES. Lord Tennyson contributes a chapter from his autobiography to M.A.P. for September 24, and in the course of it writes: "After my memory of my father had been published. I was appointed Governor of South Australia, then Governor-General of the Commonwealth of Australia. The work of Lady Tennyson and myself in that vast island-continent was full of responsibility, anxiety, and deep interest, and I trust that we have helped in some degree to link the Commonwealth in closer oneness with the mother country. It will always be a pride and a pleasure to me to remember that in the name of his Majesty the King I assented to the four great Acts which are the cornerstones of the Federal Constitu- tion. Let me say, in conclusion, that I have found the Australians among the most warm-hearted the most loyal of his Majesty's subjects. I have a firm belief that Australia has a great destiny before her, and that she will always take her place worthily in the councils of the Empire." The subjoined reference to the earliest mention made of Mr. Gladstone's intention to raise the late Poet Laureate to the peer- age will also prove interesting "Glad- stone saw me reading by the bulwarks of the Pembroke Castle one day, and beckoned me to walk with him. He said that literature was one of the noblest callings he knew, that he honored my father greatly, and that for the sake of literature he would like to offer him a distinction from the Queen-a-barony. I answered that he might accept it for the sake of literature, remembering how various literary men had cried shame upon him when he did not take the baronetcy offered three successive times. The only difficulty in Gladstone's mind was that my father might insist on wearing his wide awake in the House of Lords." On one occasion when the late laureate was in Copenhagen with the King and Queen of Denmark and other distinguished personages. Lord Tennyson continues, Sir Donald Currie entertained the whole party at luncheon on board. Gladstone proposed the health of the King of Denmark, the Czar that of Queen Victoria, and the Danish King that of Mr. and Mrs. Gladstone. Then-theQueen of Denmark rose and drank to my father. The Czarina of Russia said to him, What a kind and sympathetic man Mr. Gladstone is! How he stood by, little Montenegro!' Later her Majesty paid my father some very pretty compliments; he, being short-sighted, mis- took her for a maid of honor, and, patting her on the shoulder, replied, 'Thank you, my dear.' " THINGS ARE NOT ALWAYS WHAT THEY SEEM. The inspector of markets for the Adelaide Corporation recently reported that a number of fish hawkers had disposed of young sharks, representing them to be Murray cod. The health committee of the Adelaide City Council, before whom this matter came, directed that no action be taken. Apparently they consider that anyone who could not tell shark from Murray cod deserves to be taken in." Probably sharks will have a lively time now that their flesh has become a marketable commodity. NEW DRILL HALLS. The sum of £1,000 has been set apart by the Federal military authorities for drill halls in the country. It is probable that the amount will be divided equally between Port Pirie and Wallaroo. The new drill hall, gun and waggon sheds, and corps headquarters, which will be built; on the parade-ground, Adelaide, on the site of the present drill sheds, will cost £3,200, and of this sum £1,000 will be spent during the present financial year. As soon as the final approval of the plans of the new building comes to hand the work of construction will begin. MONUMENT TO A TOWN CLERK. The Unley Council on Monday evening accepted the offer of Mr. J. Martin to erect an ornamental drinking fountain opposite the local Town Hall in memory of the late town clerk Mr John, Miller), The, cost of. the monument will be about £30, and the design submitted embraces a cast iron fountain surrounded by four pillars, upon which is placed an ornamental canopy. LINDSAY CIRCUS. When the Hindmarsh council took in hand the work of transforming Lindsay Circus into a recreation ground the cost was set down roughly at £500, and the expenditure so far has not much exceeded that amount. At the town council meeting, on Monday evening it was reported that the total cost had been £520. A 2-in. water service has been laid on and this and a few other items had still to be paid for. The ground is not yet completed, as the planting of the grass is not finished, and a picket fence has to be placed around the arena. The ground is closed to allow the grass to grow, and it is expected that the opening ceremony will take place early, next year. HOUSING THE LONDON HOMELESS. Our London correspondent writes under date of September '23: "On all hands a is agreed by those in a position to judge that if the coming winter is severe the amount of distress amongst the poor of London will be very considerable. Trades are depressed, money and employment scarce, and the inevitable result is that numbers of those who at the best are just above the border-line of actual pauperism, now sink beneath it. The Salvation Army, whose relief work makes them the best judges of the prevalence of distress, are expecting ten times more poverty this year than last. Even now, before the stress of winter conditions has been felt, there are between two and three thousand homeless men and women in the streets of London. What is to be done with them? General Booth, whose opinion was sought recently by the Daily Telegraph, replies with characteristic emphasis They are.' he says, a menace to the public health-the source of disease, filth, and abomination-and they are a dreadful expense to the community;. I say they ought to be taken away, without regard to their depravity or non-de- gravity, or whether their state is the result of misconduct or misfortune. Society would not allow a sheep to go beating about the embankment, dying gradually of starvation, covered with filth and vermin. How much better is a man than a sheep? Someone once asked that question. It was never answered, and. perhaps, never can be answered, and yet here we have these poor wretches crawling about in this condition. Take them away. Never mind what it costs. Do it.' For, those who are willing to work and the larger proportion of the homeless ask nothing more than work-the general contends that work ought to be found. Those who will not work must be made to, and the minority of hopeless efficients, imbeciles, and was trees should be put on an island from which they can't get out, and there be taught to support themselves. The first step necessary is to classify the outcasts, in order to give those whose self- respect is not yet dead a chance to rise again. Meanwhile, an urgent want is the provision of temporary shelters for the homeless. Existing fourpenny and sixpenny shelters are always filled to overflowing,' and few, indeed, of the homeless could hope to pay more. Many of them, again, could find twopence for a night's shelter, but are unable to pay sixpence for admission to a Rowton House, or county council hotel, and they have a horror of the workhouse. It is felt that the provision of twopenny shelters would go far towards solving this terrible problem. At the least, it would do much to ease the pressure, which monthly grows more pain- fully acute.-' We have received from the Dominion Department of Agriculture "The Statisti- cal Year-book of Canada for 1903, the nineteenth year of issue. The volume contains complete information regarding the progress and resources of the country. (In view of the attention recently given in the Commonwealth of Australia to the question of attracting immigration it is interesting to observe what in this re- spect has been accomplished in the sister federation'. In the fiscal year 1901 the number of declared settlers who arrived in Canada was 49,149; in 1902 it was 67,379, and last year it was 128,364. From the little but up-to-date capital of the Isle of Man, Douglas, comes the announcement that the town council, following the example set by Blackpool, has made arrangements whereby, children attending elementary schools within the borough will be allowed to travel by the corporation tramways at reduced rates. The idea in short, is that coupons shall be issued at 3d. per dozen, or 6d. each, for the benefit of youngsters who reside at a distance from their school, the coupons being available between the hours of 8 and 9 in the morning, 12 and 2 in the afternoon, and 4 and 5 in the evening. The Eastern Extension Telegraph Company reports that the latest telegram from Adelaide which arrived in London up to 10 a.m. on October 24, was timed 5.35 p.m. on the same day. The time occupied in transit was 1 hour 42 minutes. 