summary. Ten persons were killed during Presidential election riots in the United States. A lumberman in California has left his widow, „ who was pre viously his housekeeper, £7,-jKK), UUO. Officially estimated that the area under wheat in Victoria totals 2,890,400 acres. A yicid of 21,299,800 bushels is antici pated. Stated before a Select Com mittee of the House of Represen tatives that last year 184,000 persons in Victoria received -charity. Lord Lansdowne, Secretary of State for Foreign affairs, speak ing at the Guild Hall, said the disastrous incident of the Hus : sians shooting' British fishermen [in the North Sea was evidently unintentional, but a culpable blunder. Russia had expressed regret, had offered ample compensation, and had instructed the fleet to prevent a recurrence. Was it possible, he asked, to obtain more ? The third Japanese internal loan of £7,000,000 was covered three-fold. Tn the House of- Representatives Mr. Reid safd the Government' had no intention of giving the Agents-General power to issue exemption certificates under the Immigration Restriction Ajct. The Queensland Premier has received an inquiry from the Scandinavian Government; as to the suitability of this Sfate for Danish emigrants. Eli Sizer, a Brisbane publican, was convicted of keeping for sale rum ami brandy adult orated with nicotine, and fined £200, or im prisonmont not to exceed nnvr year until the fine is paid. Va! Prinsep, artist and Royal Academician, is dead. British warships are in future to be commissioned for two shears instead of three, greater effi ciency being expected thereby. Playing for the Valley v. Oxley, C. Morgan broke the Queensland electorate cricket record by scor ing 258 runs not out. H.M.H. Cadmus reports Ah'at the story about the Russian warships being seen near Thursday Island is a myth. John Draj'lon, editor of tho 'Sun' at Kalgoorlie, has been arrested on a Parliamentary war rant and committed to jail for contempt of Parliament. The Railway Department has decided to call for tenders in Queensland for 2000 tons of f»l!b steel rails and 1(58 tons of fish plates, ? At Brisbane on Tuesday John Nicholi (23) shot Dorothy Powell (16), and then attempted suicide. Both are in the hospital in a serious condition. A trial survey of the route for a railway from Dalby Jto Maida Hill has been commenced, — John O'Rorke, a — minor, — was- fa tally injured in the Golden Gate Consuls mine, . CroyddnT A meeting of delegates repre sentative of local bodies and oth ers concerned was held at Char ters Towers on Tuo&day; to urge the extension of the Bo wen rail way from its present terminus to junction with the Northern Railway. * During a revolutionary out break at Rio do Janeiro,* Brazil, the troops fired on the mob, kill ing seven and wounding 30. The Russian troops at Port Ar thur are said to bo greatly omaci atod, and that their rations con sist of 2Tb of black broad daily. A British steamer is reported to have surrossfully delivered 40, 000 projectiles at Port Arthur. General Linievitch has assumed commnnd - of the Russian first army in Manchuria. Viceroy Alcxieflf has arrived at St. Petersburg. A .lajumesp loan of £12,000,000 hus boon floated in London. Anti-Semitic riots have occur red in European Russia during the mobilisation of the army re serves.. Stated that, there are 86.000 *co\mdcd ;n the qvcrcVoVde'd Rus sian hospitals between Lalce' Baik- al and Mukden, but it is expected that half of these will return to the ranks within two months. General Sakharoft reports that the Japanese attacks on Wuchau were repulsed..' Stated that outbreaks in Rus sian Poland have assumed a re volutionary character. j Admiral Alexieff states that the ; reported serious dissensions be tween General Kuroj.atkin and himself were all lies, and denies that he ever interfered with the i General's plans. 