SUMMARY. I '71 The norlli'.uii part of Fort Ai-llitu' was Loin- - bardeil on tin- lith inst. By heavy siege ami naval guns, and a eonllagration resulted. The Russian troops a I. Port Arthur are greatly, |H ennieialed. Tlieir rations consist ot 21b. otblacK liread daily. |B No money is in eir.'ulaiiou in i.he town, ami nil wages are paid in kind. It is reported ill ToUio that I'leueral Stoessel, Commandant at Port Arthur, lias askcil for an . : armisliee, but for what imrpose is not. staled. A British steamer is said to have delivered 40.000 projectiles at Port Arthur, the owners having been ottered a. bonus of .K.lOs.OOO. General I.inievileli lias assumed connnand oC , the First Army in Manchuria. Viceroy Aloxeieff has arrived in St. Petersburg. He received a warm ollicial welcome, but wan hissed liy some of the si rent crowds. The captains of tho Russian volunteer cruisers Petersburg and Smolensk have been thanked for the "admirable manner in which llioy executed their recent commission." The Russian Minister for the Interior haft — warned the Csar that t.ho war is causing steadily i increasing and dangerous discontent. According In a telegram believed lo bo in- . spired from the Slate Department in Washing- ton. Japan is willing to entertain President: ; Roosevelt's or King Rdword's good olliccs to thu Russia, 011 lhe other band, is said lo resent' tho' Mr. Johu Ilay's despatch in reference, to the! summoniug of a Peace Conference at tho Hague has been made public. The rights-ami duties of neutrals, the inviola- bility ot private property in naval warfare, and tlie treatment, ot belligerent ships iu neutral ports are among the mailers suggested tor, ccneidcraliou. noplyiug io a depuiation of Polish nobles, the Czar I hanked thorn for their devotion, and said lie tvas convinced that the bad tjincs woulti unite tlio brotherhood of iho Empire. Eleven torpedo bonis arc bein.v built in Franco for Russia, tor delivery in September next if tlie war lias I lien ended. Ten more, are being; built in Germany. The Navy Board at. Washington recommends tlie eons! ruction of llireo battleships, five scout. ei'iiiaers. and other warships, aggregating in coat BK, OOii, in W. J.ord lansdowne's Guilil-Iinll speeeli has crea- ted an excellent impression abroad, especially his references to the peaeo movement. Radical newspapers pay tribute lo Lord Bans- downe as "the peace Minister, and tho one man in the Cabinet to whom the nation owes -a debt of gratitude." ; Consideration ot tlie Anglo-French Convent, iotS in tho French Clia.mbor o£ Deputies has again, been adjourned. M. Deleasse, in a powerful speech, declared Hint what. England had abandoned was particu- lariy precious to France, and both nations ought to lie salisQcd. Tho French Premier, Nf. Combes, lias introduc- nd a bill providing for the separation of Church from State. M. Syveton, the Nationalist, who assaulted tlie French Minister for War in the. Chamber of Deputies, and who accepted a cballcngo to a. ducli was arrested on Thursday. ' At a conference at Rrciovia, representative of all parts of the Transvaal, tlie prohibition of all - Asiatic immigration, except under tlie labor irn-. portation ordinance, was recommended. ; Ex-General Louis Botha wrote, sympathising witli "tho effort to make tho Transvaal a whito man's country." Professor Ernest Huliierrord, a New Zcalandcr, has boon awarded the Royal Society's medal for v researches in tho matter of radio activity. In tho I-Iouso of Representatives yesterday, Mr. Reid said tlie Government had no intention of giving tho Agents-General power to issue cx- cmptiou certificates under the Immigration Re- striction Act. Several members of the Opposition made fur- tiler attempts lo obstruct business. Mr. Rehl drew a sharp distinction between their conduct; and that of the wbolo Opposition. The Prime Minister said that, when tho Oppon silton as a body showed him in unmistakcabld terms that they were ilntorminod to bring about a dissolution, liis own impression was that thai; would not be far off. Mr. Crouch moved a reduction of tho Defence) Estimates os a protest against tlio form of prayers i !H adopted for the military parade at which tlio banners presented by tho King were to be con- The prayer, Mr. Croueh said, recognised tho King's supremacy ill church matters, and that- was most objectionable 1o some people. Tho | motion was defeated. The Senate further discussed tho amendment! hy Senator De Dargie. to alter clauso 55 of thd Arbitration Bill, so that it should deny prefer- cneo only to political organisations. No voto was taken. , Tho Governor yesterday received a message from the King, expressing his cordial thanks ta tho Government nnd people of New Southi AVaies for their good wishes on his birthday. Mr. Ash ton. Minister for Lands, expects to got his Closet- Settlement Bill through I'arTla- ment this session. A deputation representing tho unemployed waited on tlie Under- Secretary for Works yester- . day. with a scheme for providing additional work "without entailing additional expenditure) by tho Government." Tho deputation proposed a reduction In wages from 7s to (is per day, by which means one ad- ditional man for every six now working might; he provided with work. In reply. Mr. Davis said ho would placo thd matter beforo tho Minister, who would give his reply tho fallowing day. Tho inquiry by tho Public Servico Board into tho management of Fitzroy Dock was continued <, yesterday, when Mr. Culler, superintendent of the dock, was further examined. Tho Quocnsland Premier has received an in- quiry from tho Scandinavian Government as to the suitability of that State for Danish emi- A motion is to bo submitted tol the Victorian! Presbyterian Assembly next week directing thr) attention of tho Houso of Representatives ta the continued operation of Tattorsall's consulta- (Ions, and urging that effective steps bo taken: to stop thorn. Tho difllculty iictweeii tlio Newcastle Tug and Stovedoriug Company, and tho coal-trimmcrs rc- mains unsettled, nnd there nre no prospects of . an amicable settlement. Men are now being sought in Sydney, as well ns in Newcastle, lo lake the place of the strikers. A number of uou-uuionists wero en- gaged yesterday. In tho Arbitration Court yesteiS'.iy, leave was asked for to prosecute the president of tho Newcastle Coal-trimmers' Union and 1-t otlicu members of the union for instigating a strike. An order was made for the men to return lo work, pending the determination of the dispute. Lieutenant Wilton, who returned to Melbourne yesterday, says lie is eiideavoring to get a strict iuqclvy into his ease, and will not rest content till lie is reinstated. The quantity of sugar exported from Queens- land duriug October aras 23,920 tons, making the total exported 111 is season 7-I.G3G tons. . The ilifiiculties in regard to the observance! of Monday as a public holiday, so far as balri dressers and hrcad-cartcrs nre concerned, bavo been overcome. Hairdressers' saloons will remain open til! Lb o'clock, and there will bo Ibo usual delivery of ' Tlio trial crjoket match between the Flrsli Eleven and the Next Thirteen begins on thq ' , Sydney Cricket Ground to-day. Tho cycling carnival will bo continued to- - ' night, when the featuro v. Ill bo t.ho match be- tween Megson and Walker over distances of a half nnd olio mile. A man named Jack Green, alias Midwinter, alias Ray, has been arrested at Tatallo, neap Bourkc, in connection with tho Louth murder. Tlio annual intcr-Stato lawn tennis tourna- ment begins in Melbourne to-day. The Sydney Stock Exchange was active yester- day, silver shares being freely bought at ad- vanced prices. Tlio steam collier Maud Weston, en router 1 from Newcastle to Syducy, sprang a leak off . Norah Head on Thursday afternoon, and found- crcd whilst being run for tho boacb, All hands woro saved. Tho vessel lic3 in a critical position, and It is feared that she will bccemc a total wreck. The German mail slcumcr Barbarossn is duo' at Sydney this morning from Bremen via ports. She will berth nt tho Quay. IT. M.S. Mlldura left Brisbane yesterday, too Sydney; 