CABLEGRAMS. sow atitt« a iyi>, london, inly 3. The Mullah, with 8000 men and 2003 rifles and large supplies of ammunition, io now South of Nogal, on the borders x of Italian Somaliland. ~ LONDON, July 7. The Mullah has attacked a small band of " friendlies," near Eldrap, on the border of Hamilar, Somali 3Lai?4 killing 50 and looting camels said sheep. The Indian Pioneers are pursuing the Mullah's following, 20 of whom hare bedn killed. * _, • THE CAPE PARLIAMENT IjONBON, July-3. Two Progressive have, been elected for the Cape Assembly under the Ad ditional Representation Act, defeat ing the South African Bond party. A3ST OFEKR. . -■ LONDON,July3. General Booth hasbeen offered, on reasonable terms, an island containing a million acres and S0,090 buffaIoes, foe the, purposes of .the Army's social work. . ^ i--"5-* A UAVAIi BEPORT. \- ! JLONDONf July 3. • The Nay^l tnspfcc^^ -Board ^ • Ifflot replace 30-knot forpedoers?_«tsthe I^p&lejto; tew&k; d6wiv«md are^ s6; i^ble in aea^r weather. - • \- f SEZiSOirS BELICS. ; LONDON, July 3. William Carter, sailor, wiio recently • voyaged to Australia, hasbeeh arrested a stealing ana Yebei ving *^elsbij. relica from the ^IreenwichHos pltaL _ . " : a C4 reward was offered for the TecoV«> of these relics, which. had «ttfe intrinsic .value]. a By-election. ; V ? , LON^ON, 5uly 3 . > At the By-election for the Sowerby the. ^retirement of the Sight Hon. L* W. Mellor_(L.),-Mr. Higham (L.) was re-' \- turned, , heating the Tory candidate, Mr. Hinchcliffe, by €045 to 3877. ■ CAt the last election the figures were: —J. W. Mellor (L.), 5588 ; J. c. Bal \- ley (C,), 4067. . There , are 12.166 ; ijroterscaa thexoUl. ' " . THE JIAYBRIGK CASE. •; ; ^ : ; LONDON, July 4. Mrs. Maybrlck will be finally releas ed at the end of July. V.^" 3KB Bulgarian tbofble. LONDON, July 4. Bulgaria's attitude towards Turkey H causing uneasiness at Vienna and Constantinople. . A EBKWCH ITEM. LONDON, July 4. The Budget Committee by 14 to 10 bias suppressed the estimates of the French Embassy to the Vatican. LORD CUBZON. IiONDOl^, July 4. tiffd Ciirzon, Viceroy of Tn^ia., hrg txenlnstalled at Walmer Castle, Ke»,£, as Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports. BABTHQUAKES IN ENGLAND. LONDON, July 4. Earthquakes weit felt at Derby, Sandbag (Cheshire), Matlock (Derby* \- shire) and Sheffield yesterday aftef noon. Many buildings were seriously Bfaaken, ;and much alarm was felt. AN ARTICLE STTPPBESSED. . LONDON, July 4. a Thesale of the " Novosti" (dai1..^ liberal paper published at St. Peters bm~&) lias been forbidden in the filreets owing to it publishing a Lon don message containing laudatory con* - ments on Count Tolstoi's article in th<£ ; ** Times," denouncing the war and de fl^dingreforms. — / ^ 3EBANCE ASTD sramr r ^WNDON,; July 4. The new .French-Siamese .fronts®?* ^caches to Jemling, giving Franeei with a slice "of territory, Several Islands to the South. __ CThls arrangement has been made nt accordance with the Anglo Frtsutfk &€3*eement, and will remove 3. number t>I petty troubles which have nmrernf irritation to both nations (or many yearsj. AN 03T3FEB ACCEPTED^ „ " ' ; v ^ LONDON, July ; Bu&sla; has conditionally accepted -Great Britain's offer to protect the*. ^ Ruesian Behring Sea seal fisheries, and" ■ *rrest any marau ers upon the Islands, in the absence of "Russian cruisers The Czarhas granted all British shipi t^ius employed Scaling facilities at Petropavlovsk (on: the east coast- oi» . Kamchatka). _ _ This arrangement has bten welcomed at St. Petersburg a* « evidence of a goodv understanding Ui tfeeen XSreafc. Britain and Russia. -raBjsnEm^^ANwzAB. ' * - ~ LONDON, July 4. , whether they had proper credentials, prepared to negotiate, th<\-- " of . ■ Juad; 3ossion was adjourned. ^ ^ LATER. On resuming negotiations Colonel \oimgTiiisband insisted on the imme diate evacuation of Jong by noon to morrow. LONDON, July 4. General Younghusband lias /frankly;, warned the Thibetan delegates that the ^ British are perfectly ready to ~|iiarch on Lbassa, and. i®e second armyat Chumbi is ready to regarrison Gyantee, whilst the third frontier re giment will re-garrisii>ii Chumbi, and another column advance on l&assa.; : 6. The principal Thibetans are afraid to assume the responsibility of evacuat ing Jong/lest the Dalai Lama should decapitate, them. They appear willing to come to terms, but have practically no authority to authoritatively make any terms. ' ; " Hostilities will be resumed directl v after the expiration of the armistice. LATER. \- The " Times" states that three of General Macdonald's columns, operat ing before dawn, to-day against a great mass of houses, met with a stubborn resistance from the Thibetans wh3 had sheltered there. The houses were at the foot of the Eastern slope to wards Jong, and a 7-pounder gun was used to clear a passage from house to house. It was intended that at daylight the force,,with the guns, would be half way to Palla, and froja the <3hoorka post, clear the face'or the rocks pre paratory to an assault. 1200 troops are now engaged in attack^rg the enemy'3 position, which has been strengthened byfreshSangars. LONDON, July 7 . Colonel Younghusband has decided to closethe lime of Che armistice, which lias beenexfendedbeybnda reasonable length, h^ wara^ the Thibetan delegates to leave the fort arid remove the womea. This noticehas been ^!sgpe^surd«i.L: . • ' • 1" _ XA^ER. Atthe attack on Jong three columns advanced in the darkness, explosions announcing their progress. 7000 o? the inhabitants made a gallant de fence, even the roots of the houses be ing crowded with Thibetans who firel upon the British and impeding the-at-' tack.- ~ . Lieutenant Gordon, of the 32nd Pioneers, was killed while leading one of the storming parties. . After estab lishing a. position the British columns had a house to house fight, and were stubbornly opposed. When in possession of the South ern fringe of the houses, an ineffectual attempt was made to cany the mai'i gateof Jong. It was, however, foimd to be too "strongly guarded, despite a well directed support from a field gun. The climax of the fighting occurred after noon, when a heavy fire wss directed to a spot to the extreme Blast of Jong, 160ft. above the plain. The ramparts slowly crumbled under the terrific hail of shells and bullets. A high wind was blowing at the time of the bombardment. Many casualties -are reported from fragments of shell. The explosion of a magazine of Thibetan gunpowder at 4 o'clock, near the point of attack helped the opera tions, and must have killed many ol the defenders. The Thibetans con centrated their fire but failed to succeed, and the wall was soon crumbling to its fall. The position, was practically abandoned, but when the Ghoorkas, with reinforcements ot pioneers climbed the almost precipi tous ascent to the breach, some of tha Thibetans' were still volleying away,i and frautically easting down torrents^ of stones.- One of the stones knocked] Lieutenant Grant, who was leading the! $th Ghoorkas, nearly off his 'feet, but' he iQLuickly recovered himself, and was the first man over the breach. The scaling prior 'to that incident was accomplished under magnificent covering by the guns, which continued their work to the last possible moment, oyer the heads of the attacking forj;3 as the various companies climbed the rocks slowly, and forced their way over the breach. This task would have been a difficult one, even if they had b&n; unopposed. The "Times" correspondent says the conduct of the troops must great!? Impress the Thibetans, and that all concerned in the day's exploits deserve the fullest credit for the way they car ried through the carefully considered ard beautifully executed schema against, one of the strongest fortified places in Central Asia, when successful and rapid operations were essential tc the work jawaiting the Mission. The Thibetans developed a counter attack under the British advance, but after heavy British bombardment,' o>;cupying about 90 minutes, the enemy* ( was cleared and all the positions occu pied. ; While there is a large Thibetan] force in action, it is badly armed, and] ishardly likely to offer serious opposi-j tion to the British advance. London, July 8. The sappers attached to the British] expeditionary force have destroyed the] fortifications of Jong. The where abouts of the Thibetan delegates who "recently visited Colonel Younghu£ |' band's eampis unknown, and messen gers searching- for them have . beer authorised to announce that Colonel Younghusband''is still willing to treti! a reasonable time. _ ~ A "DISASTROUS WREC^. XiONDON, July 4/ It Is leared that 750' Scandinavian Flans," including the captain and the ' bulk of the craw, of the Danish emi grant steamer -Norge, bound from Co penhagen to New York, have been lost. The vessel on Tuesday struck a resf connected with the Rockall Bock, and fell) back into deep water. {There ?raa a heavy sea on, and the vessel gradu ally filled. Two boats were smashed in getUng' them out, but five others were success fully launched. These were loaded principally with women and children, "Who were given priority. Only two, however, got away from the ship. ' A steam trawler recovered one contain *ing 27 persons, and landed them at Gnmsby,-and possibly the second boat will be recovered. When last seen Captain Jundel,and many others, re* znained aboard. - [Rockall Rock is on asand bank in the Atlantic, 184 miles West of St. Kilda» 290 jtniles from the nearest point of the Scottish mainland, and 260 miles from the North Of Ireland. It is a granite rock of a rounded form, rising 7Cft. above the sea, and about 100 yarfls In circumference. It is situated at a . greater distance from the mainland than any other rock or islet of the same diminutive^ size in the world]. LONDON, July 4. Sixty-four additional survivors from the wreck of the emigrant steamer Norge have been rescued. The total loss cannot yet be ascertained. LONDON, July 5. The Norge*s trew numbered 68 and. v the passengers 694. Captain Gundel, who sank with , tho ship, was rescued by swimming 11 hours with the engineer. The saved include 8 of the crew and .128 of the passengers. Captain Gundel and his officers and crew acted splendidly, but the vessel was settling, and in 10 minutes was level with the waterfs edge, founder* , ilpg In another 10 minutes. |" The utmost discipline prevailed with .'but little avail, and the passengers were "aroused from sleep at a quarter to 8 o'clock In the morning. Des perate fights to reach the boats took place, and three of the boats wera dashed to pieces, adding a panic to the frantic despair. - On deck there were many indjdents of self-sacrifice. When- the life boat rescued by tho ^Grimsby trawler swung out, a Swedish - youth, aged 17, exclaimed* /'Where is my sister?" He step* iped back and found her in prayer, wkiased her, placed her in the boat, and ■waved farewell.. 1 - He perished, and the officer, finding the boat overweighted, jumped - into , the sea and vainly tried til swim to another boat. „ i There are heartrending narratives of straggles in the water between those .who were denied admittance to the over-ladened boats. Rescuers passed hundreds of corpses I witih life belts who had died from ex iposure. Two hundred children were aboard; I .the emigrants were indented laborers [ and peasants who were availing them „ selves.-" of the 160/- fares. Among \- them were some Polish Jews who were escaping from service, for the FarEaet The captain and crew disappeared with arms folded. f Captain Gundel declares that he struck thtf sunken rock 18 niilea . South of Rockall, and got seven boata tawaysafelv. Iiife zatts were cut .adrift? and 34 children. 15 women and 62 males were landed at Stornoway, where every kindness in the way of clothing and wemey to resume their journey were provided. Seventeen additional -survivors pf. the. Norse" wreck have reached Aber leen. They had lived for six da,Vf? on36 biscuits and six buckets of water / ^he Jad Olsen, aged 17, has been I saved. . When thie ship struck and the oanic started, he cried, "wnere is my ister ?M He found her ; engaged in prayer. He kissed h3r, placed her in a boat; and bade her farewell. "He will rejoin his sister in Liverpool. It ap pftarsthat young Olsen was pulled into a boat whenalmost exhausted. ; r " K? AMOTOR ACCENT, ■ . Sir William Rattigam.Member of . -1. the.House ol Commons, for the North ; ISasteni - Division, of the Lanarkshire, tms killed .'while motoring near > Kiggleswade. _.„^Tm ^ > A GRAIN EXPERIMENT. *. LONDON* July 4. ~~ ^ The United States & dispatching two 21,000 ton steamers from Paget 1 Sound to Japanese and Chinese ports to inaugurate a serious 'attempt t» Isulwtltutewheat and flower for But> niah rice and other grains ' ' £1,000,000 sterling is invited in the experiment. ' THE NELSON RiaJCS. I/>NDON, July 4, Carter, the sailor, who was arrested In connection with the theft o>f the Nelson relics, ^atee that he obtained possession of Nelson's wateh from a \-- destitute sailor hi Melbourne, who admitted being «awsemeA in the thef» thetelfcs. . . ' . THE queen memorial. <•-. r X LONDON, July 6. Lord Glanusk has handed the Lord jHayor £36,090 towards the Qieeen ^IcSotia fi[ia*«>rinl JFund. A CONGO MATTEIt. LONDON, July h. Lieutenant Rauss, a Swiss officer who was in charge of a body pf Congo ■ P^Stete soldiers $n theMbngalladistrict, was killed and eaten . by the Budjaa tribe. 200 troops have been sent to suppress the nsvolt., ' y THEFOURTH OP JULY. * ... , J LONDON, July 5. ;v At the Independence ^dinner in Lon don yesterday/the da^ was celebrated : aa an Anglo-American festival. The speakers emphasised the significance of the world-wide use of the English * , language, an d the gradual spread of British influence. THE LABOR CONGRESS. LONDON, July 5. % , President- Loubet, in receiving the delegates of the British Workmen, paid ; * hearty; and graceful tribute to King Edwardfor his share in securing the tntinte cordials, thus far exceeding even the part taken by the British people and Government* THE BALKAN TROUBLE. . LONDON, July 5. Theharvest is on, and no serious outbreaks are likely for a few months. The whole country is in a ferment, and outbreaks may occur anywhere. General Saroff- has countermanded the discharge of 15,000 recruits for the Harvest, and "delivered a speech for the necessity of an efficient array, adding that, early and serious work would be required. ' LONDON, July 6. Turkish troops at Jummendja sur rounded and burnt a house containing' a Bulgarian band. One of the band i surrendered, and lie declares that there were only five members of the band in all. Twenty-four womenand children k were jpoasted"todeath. Thie'Russiaa Gendarmerie officers have gone to in vestigate Into the circumstance 7a connection with the outrages. IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT, " - Mr. Asqutth's amendment declaring elosari&g; of the Licensing Bill being . unjustified, wa& negatived by 301 to 888 votes. Pifty-five Nationalists voted wit& 7 minority on the plea of safeguard • lag-minority rights. The -Nationalists were * severely \- handled by Mr. Balfour, who remind* . ed them of their action on Horn** Rule; and he also reminded the Oppo ; sitton of precedent* they had always consistently supported. A ROYAL VISIT. \- LONDON, July 5, King Edward, accompanied. * by Queen Alexandra and the Prince and PjAneesa M Wale^ visited the Royal / Academy to view Mr. Roberts's picture^ of the opening of the Commonwealth. , There were present the Marquis of ! /Linlithgow " (Lord Hopetoun), Earl Jersey, and Messrs. Taverner, Tozer. Dobson, and Lefroy. Illness prevented Mr. Grainger (S.A.) being preset. King Edward, in roply to an ad " ^ress, expressed great satisfaction at ' accepts as a mostim In the history of th# -j. Commonwealth and. Empire. He ?beartily complimented the artist, Mr. and the picture will likely lie hungtn St., JamWPalace. .. r, CAP3B ELECTIONS. Broj^eSSives have capturedthe SIB J. YOUL'S ESTATE. LONDON, July 6. The estate of the late S ir James AmdelJ Yokil, Director of tlie Commer dal Banking Company of Sydney, has been proved at £164,456. v ANOTHElt INVASION. LONDON, July 6. Dowie proposes to charter a fleet of Ctospel ships and Invade England with a Restoration Host tif 5000 who have volunteered to accompany hirri, ^ THE ARMY. London, July 6. A hundred thousand people ^attended the Salvationists' thanksgiving festival at the Crystal Palace. General Booth reviewed the 24,000 Salvationists who were present. Forty-nine countries were represented, THE LICENSING BOLL. LONDON, July 6. The Hon. A. J. Balfour's motion for the application of the closure to the debates on the Licensing Bill was carried by 5.1 of a majority. The closure will be applied by compart ments, and the discussion will be limited to six days. FRENCH ITEMS. • - LONDON, July 6. •pie Senate by 167 to 118 has ^opt ed the Bill providing for the abolition of " Congregational" teaching. The Chamber of Deputies has adopt ed the scheme providing for a two years* military service. The House decided against General Andre, Minister for War, who ■endea voured to exempt reservists from train ing in July, August and September. TECHNICAL EDUCATION. LONDON, July 6. The Imperial Institute's Technical Department reports favorably on Queensland resin, which has hitherto been believed to be'kauri resin, buc *s probably derived from a species of callitrfe. The Department also con siders that if cotton Is properly culti vated "in Australia it may compete successfully in the best markets, despite the difficulty in procuring labor. • FINLAND. LONDON, July 6. The Czar, in a rescript appointing Prince Obolenski Governor of Finland, mentions the Finnish autonomy and privileges for legislating which wouil be preserved. " He instructs Prince Obolenski to strengthen the mind of the nation with the belief that the destiny of Finland was bound up with Russia, and that Finland's future de pended oh the maintenance of internal peace. THE COMBES ACQUITTED. LONDON, July U. The Committee of Inquiry, appoint ed by the Chamber of Deputies, has unanimously exonerated M. Comber, the French Premier, and his son M HenriCombes, from being connect el In any way with the Garthusian privi leges. ^91aile exonerating M. Combes and his son from the charges laidagainst them, the committee isvcoirtlnul3Jg inquiry coacerning a mimberjof alleg ed intermediaries who attempted to extort money from>fcfaeCarthnsians. THE ACffiEOTESE "WTABr. . LONDON, July 6. The Dutch. Commander sent to sup press a revolt among-the Northern Achinese, telegraphs that he attacked Likoit and occupied It; 432 of th'3 enemy were killed, including 124 wo men'and 88 children. Fifty-four of the , Achinese ' wer3 wounded and 28 captured.: The Dutch Commander and 16 others were wound ed.' . ■ ' ' . . A-further attack was made on-the. Achinese position at Langatbars, 664 Achinese being killed, including. 1S3 women and 130 children ; 49 Achinese were wounded and 28 captured. The Dutch soldiers and six coolies were wounded. A CONFESSION. IjONDON, July 7. The Hon. A. J. Balfour, entertained at a dinner by the Liberal Unionists, said, in reply to numerous statements concerning Chinese labor, that the most apparent danger at the present moment was want of loyalty on the part of some of the Unionist members. . A 3STEW GOV£B3!*OB. LONDON, July 7. Sir Gerald Strickland has been ap pointed Governor of Tasmania. [Sir Gerald Strickland (Count Delia Catena, in the Island "of Malta) has been Governor of the Leeward Islands since 1992, was late Chief Secretary to the Government of Malta/and has oc cupied many other, important .posts. Ho is 45 years of age]. AMERICAN POLITICS. LONDON, Jply 7. The platform of the St. • Louis Re publican Convention favors a business like revision of the United States Tariff, mainly in the direction of tii3 seduction of duties,asLarticles that Americans could sell cheaper abroad, while trust produced articles would be reduced to a point permitting foreign competition.. The Democrats state that they de cline to use the Army and Navy for the collection of foreign debts, in Cen tral and South America. It was not the duty of the United States to in terfere in the internal affairs' of other countries, nor impose a white oivilisa - lion upon a brown or/tan people. The Democrats favor amicable in stead of retaliatory trade relations with the world, especially with Canada^ with which country there should be a genercus reciprocity. / They suggest an increase of the merchant marine, without having re course to additional taxation, and sup port the construction of the Panama Canal speedily and honestly. The-gold standard was^apheld as the only sound fiscal basis of the nation. ' President Cleveland's name was men tioned several times, during fthe pro ceedings, and eachtimelt was re ceived with cheers. ; -v AN 33LEC-it03ff. \- In the election for Chertsey, Mr. Bingham, the Conservative, polled 6525 votes, and Mr. Saddlen^^er^ ■ candidate, .4576 '••'isato^i |;-"^y----^: Scholes, the Canadian, won the Bia« mood Sculls, at Henley record time of Smins. 23secs. He beat . ■ J. Kelly, who won last year, in the semi final. \ DTTNDONALD BAITOTJETTED. Liord Dundonald has been banquettcd at Ottawa; twenty members of ths Canadian Commons,' and many other influential citizens, were present. Lord Dundonald, who was accorded & magnificent reception, emphasised th? necessity-for closer - union with ths Motherland. ' POLISH TROUBLE . The Governor of Warsaw has asked the Czar to proclaim P'.land in. a state of siege as the only means of prevent ing a- revolutionary outbreak. FHTLA2TD AFFAIRS Several of the nobir.^v of Finland, Including the father of the young man Schaumaim, who killed General Bob- - likoff, have been arrested andsent to St. Petersburg in conndction with the inquiry into Bobrikoft t- assassinatior THE ALIENS BILL DROPPED. Owing to the systematic obstruction which has met the Aliens Immigration Restriction Bill in ' Committee, "the measure has been dropped for the pre sent Session of Parliaments r'. FRENCH POLITICS. The Chamber of Deputies, against the recommendation of General Andre, . Minister for War, has reduced the re servists' period of training to a-fort night, and has ' abolished territorial training. This will have a large in fluence on the general French recruit ing. THE CZAR'S ITNANCIEB,. _ In connection with £he impending visit of M. de Witte, the Russian Min ister of Finance, the object, as offi cially announced, is the hastening to wards a conclusion of a. commercial treaty between Russia and Germany. A considerable section of the German Press, however, consider that the real object is the negotiation ofa loan. -THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION. The Democratic Convention at. St. Louis has entirely ignored Mr. Bryan's nominafeon. ft is almost certain thac Judge Parker will be the Detnocratto canwJate. Hearst had a small folio jr* iag, the Eastern section being - to? :>troag. Juiige barker anil President ; Roosevelt are fairly certain to be th« " two Presidential Candidates. .... " NEW ARMY SCHEME. The "'Standard" states that Mr. Forster's new Af-my scheme is full oS amazingly impossible proposals, and in- s stances the virtual abolition of the militia force, and the reduction bf'ttra volunteers by 60,030, reduction of th? , South African garrison by 5000, ant " the curtailment of garrisons at the " " coaling and naval stations. A CLERICAL CONVOCATION. At the first meeting of the Convoca - tion of the Dioeesses or... Canterbury; -"".v : and York, and the laymen of both pro— : vinces, they provisionally constituted a representative Church Council; : Tlie /licensing Bill was discussed from the standpoint'of the moral- and social well-being of the Kingdom. v - 