1 ^ tSie offer. PUBLISHED DAILY "I am in the place when I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and the more the truth I '-cakes impugn it using list " TO COIIKI-I'ONDr-NT« Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer net nete«_,r.l\ for publication, but as a guarantee. of good faith Rejected letters cannot be returned under any car enactment whatever I irrcpondentH un ad vised to keep copies of their letters as this rule will be adhered to truth MONDAY, if OVUM MIN 23, 190). Most AA'clconic is the' strong faith in the empire, the dominant sense of British solidarity, which animated Mr. Deakin, Mr. Watson. Mr. Atkins, and other speakers at the Town-hall on Thursday evening. They are to be congratulated on having so warmly, so on lliiishistically, upheld the doctrine that Australians, Xcav "easiness, Canadians, and South Africans are bound inseparably, though voluntarily, to the mother-country and to one another in common, hopes, presentations, and destinies. But this Inspiring sentiment is not their monopoly. On the contrary, it is because it comes as an agreeable surprise from Mr. Watson's party that Ave admire it so much in ulm. Without doubt Thursday's outburst was genuine, and we shall always count on the speakers for Imperial views in J fuliue. Tiley Ai'ere, Ave may take it under the influence of powerful emotion. There was no restraint upon them, no cold calculation of consequences. Housed by a touch of real feeling, they spoke as the spirit moved them. Their thoughts found free utterance, and they unreservedly proclaimed their belief in the empire. At the same time their speeches prove how much the unity of the empire is a question of sentiment. The sentiment is altogether admirable, but, as they express it, it is backed by very little " business." Nor can much else be expected from the party which was so largely represented at the meeting. Yet the (necessity for making concessions to Great Britain, in return for the favour of which Mr. Chamberlain holds out hopes, has been created by the/ very policy which Mr. Deakin, Mr. Watson, and Mr. Atkins are identified with. It is their federal tariff and the state farm.' which preceded it which, cause the whole difficulty. There was never any complaint by British manufacturers against the New South Wales free-trade tariff, protection Is the restriction or shutting out of trade. The Australian tariff," like the Canadian I tariff, is aimed specially at British manufactures. In' both cases the avowed purpose is to discourage trade with the mother-country purpose diametrically opposed to the commercial unity of the empire. Great Britain . makes no complaint against " open a door" countries. What it wants is easier ' access to partly closed markets. In. such a desire Mr. Chamberlain's movement, had its beginning. From it, too, springs Mr. Balfour's affection for retaliation! Protectionists haVe themselves brought about the situation. from which Mr. Chamberlain seeks to escape by means of preferential trade. ... ' "4 What do Australian restrictionist propose to yield? 'They' chu yield nothing. They are obliged to stand by their tariff".' When 'reciprocity' is asked for they have, therefore;.' little to give. Their liberality . resembles that of Horace's Calabrian host, who wanted to fill the mouths and arms of his guests with pears, because, as he told them, what they did not take away could be of no use to him and would have to lit throw a out to the pigs With equal generosity in protectionists mc lavishly offering it the shrine of the empire what class do not need or are about themselves Like most -wealthy Risen the select from their sales of gold and silver (he odd threepenny pieces to put into the offertory big It is the unvalued Items which the are so ready, to sacrifice We are anxious they say to give Great By Hain a preferences but only of course on the goods we do not mind about 1 veil If a preference were granted to day because Visit idea does not at present cultivate certain particular ImiuStiics It might have to be withdrawn to morrow Such articles said Mr Atkins might be admitted free as we were not likely to minute picture and the door could always be left open for icljiistnicnt if we desired to instinctive these articles for ourselves What amount of Imperial development cm proceed from negotiations on such a basis there is no room for a bargain which will give multi of his action If there is to be a bargain sub similar concessions can only lit won by substantial concessions Will it check the British manufacturer to be (old of Senator Trenwith put it that to himself as an Australian with a protectionist the adoption of proper preferential trade means tementing and sticiigUveutn,, the cm col- protection Does this look is a the Vusti til in protectionists, had any in position of ltlaNiug the west and tons of trade' to do them justice was do not see how they can be consistently i n pected to make any leltiN ation A ested Interests strata In the way and if Mr Irvine told a as he appeals to do that the manufacturers will loans loans make sacrifices In the interests of the producers he is credited" them with chai statistics which they have not hitherto in. 1 in ed as a practical matter of busing is not of sentiment which have our pioduAsis to hope for more NN li it An iron Inn with this pi on preferential trade Set tin., used ft i Hi moment He shares to (the level of the protection t offer to ( to it that but! let us examine the Ch m train ofield Australia It Horn is Mt "if action was in his It 11 i to the English about I consent upon Committee if only to be raised 1 26th of i Henry i pound of is Mr Chun head tin says practically not it will wherE dots the tidvintifst come In to Australia 1 unless wheat g) s up in 11 le ore producers it n dM race of 100 miles from London will be just where they went C in id t um develop much preferences is developing rapidly without It-but we shall not Even the usual happy ton a solution that the foreigner is to pay the duty ( in avail us unionist It true it will make it the more certain that we will derive no them It Our only hope is that the British people will jim He hit a nail that stiffly In LJlgland people know that a 2d duty (letting in Canadian wheat face) will not raise the price of wheat sufficiently to provide a bonus for British farmers, and they fear that in the customary protectionist progression it will go on chancing to 57 and 102. But, as it is the duty is not likely to be adopted at all. The natural fear of Its progressive increase acts as a potent deterrent. On daily produce, Mr. Chamberlain has spoken of a 5 per cent, preference; but in the case of butter there is. besides all the considera- tions applying to wheat, the important fact to he reckoned with that it is a perishable article and expensive to carry. A ." per cent, preference, even if paid by the consumer and not by the foreigner. would not so much as make up the difference between the freight on butter shipped from Victoria and the freight on butter shipped from Denmark or Russia. It costs at present £7 a ton, or 2d. a lb., to send butter from Melbourne to London, while it costs only 200 a ton from Copenhagen and 24/ a ton from Riga, say about 'sd. a lb. in on either the Danish or the Russian port. The difference Is therefore -and. a lb., while a 5 per cent, preference would not amount to more than 2-5d. on butter priced at 8d. a lb. Freight and preferential duty together would only come to 21-10d., or say "3d. a lb. on Danish and Russian butter, whereas freight alone on Victorian butter is 3d. a lb., or about half as much again. It is but a comparative trifle that is offered to our producers in any event; and if the protectionist plea that the foreigner pays the impost holds good, the offer is utterly delusive. There is nothing in it. The Australian producer will get no better price for his produce than before. The whole case bristles with contradictions and inconsistencies. In spite of its professed Imperialism, it is unreal, in- substantial, because trade-restriction lists are the preferentlalists." We know, as a matter of fact, that In England, as well as Australia, the promoters of the movement are all seeking to restrict trade, that putting on duties is what both groups have in view. It is because they will not admit this, but keep up a pretence of' high aims and warm sentiment, that their efforts siAA aken no enthusiasm, and appear not to Interest Australian producers at all. | * A popular delusion consists in the belief often held that, as production of any given article increases, the market will tend to greater steadiness than has been the case in the past, that the 1 Avotid Is progressing to a dead level of prices. But in reality we are as far away from snell a consummation as ever, for the equilibrium between production and consumption, or supply and demand, is often upset. A remarkable case in / point was the heavy advance in cotton which recently culminated. The consumption of cotton is vastly greater than formerly, and when the available supplies were affected by two indifferent crops in the United States the market was thrown into a state of profound agitation, the price reached being more than double the lowest price recorded a few years previously. But a more striking case has recently occurred. The price of sugar has advanced to such a point that at the Continental ports of shipment both raw and refined descriptions are more than double what they were a little over two years ago. On the 5th September, -1902, the quotation for raw per cent, beet sugar at Lauenburg was 5/11 per cwt., and on Thursday last. It was 1426, the adA'auco being 8/7, or say 143 per cent. Granulated has risen from 7/0 to 15/0 per gave., the advance in this case being equal to 119 per cent. It may be freely conceded that prices in the second is fit of 1002 were Ioaaoi til in the cost of production supplies being supenbounding but still a clear illustration is furnished of the usually tions to a high markets continue to be liable The revulsion in the sugar- market has been caused by the abolition of the bounty so stern and LA demand being for the current season in excess of supply The Continent is bounty sa stems existed for many j en s taking their origin in the desire of the French Government to foster the refining in dustry As far back as 1865 Mr Gladstone m aged to get Junee to enter into a LOiiAcntlon to abolish the bounties this contention it was agreed was to last ten years and Mr Gladstone eulogised it is a beneficial arrangement beneficial alike to importers sellers and consumers when it expired unsuccessful efforts were made to get it Renewed for the south sugar refiners and their backers Aieietoopoi ci ful German and His till then commenced to "ho bounties being foiloAA ed bA Russ! a The der man so stein was one calculated to promote the beet sut, u industry la mode la la s all in one for the pi sharpie was adopted that excise tints should be paid accord in-, to in extent are of gold from a given weight of roots Anything, about the estimate was to the good of the mail steamers Ba on (ful selection of roots and by the adoption of the most perfect processes great improvement in the a ii Id occupied the bounty system assumed such large proportions that soil is serious effects k stated He exportation of sugar principally to Lug] md was encouraged to so great in extent that the Continental States WOre in reality subsidising British con- guineas to the extent of several millions sterling eion A em The present of an ip sugar game eiicouingpineut to a number of British manufactures such is those of confectioners biscuit "c But is in order to find means to glAobountiis and also to use manure in an evil of duties Wine let led in the left of soda in-, (countries die local prices were oppressive but consumption was seen ill in a position became assistant to a to iii Continental still md the British Government on its part as is constantly being urged by Dr AA t t Indian sugar interest to Uno Hi n I) impose a < often allied,, diltA on lil 1) to sign the West Indies AACii iIaa was troublesome on the (location of sugar Ihopliuteis fleet of used to complain (hit unless Include did somewhat-, to help them in a would In mined And set in the best light pollution Is instant at mt compared A with the production of better ships in Europe md of cane sugar in Cuba and Java At list it their services the British (extensions a convention was held at Brussels in M)2 which resulted in the resolution of the bounty on them for a lead of the soils Hit i_iieliiilit I (enameller someone first prohibits died I bounties granted either to production or to try pots exemptions from taxation granted for a part of the manufactured output, and advantages die i veil in an hour ways-, two things mainly influence'! the confidence; that, the disturbance to public nuisances caused by the magnitude of the bounties, and, secondly, the veiled threat by England to impose countervailing duties. The agreement was arrived at on 5th March, 1902. and li came into force on 1st September. 100.1, time being allowed for the disposal of the beet sugar crop of licenses. That crop proved to be a large one, and when it began to come upon the contract juices were, as we have already stated above, excessively low. Hut The crop of I'.IO.'1-I has been disposed of under the conditions imposed by the Brussels Conference, with a result that, although foreseen by some observers, Is In some respects is markable. In consequence of the cheapening of sugar i exulting from the abolition of bounties and from the reduction of excise duties, the consump- tion on the Continent has increased at a great rate. The beet producing countries consumed only 1,700,000 tons of their own sugar in 1002-:'., but for 1003-4 the total was 2,020,000 tons, the increase being 023,000 tons. This re remarkable development has been Imme- diately followed by the announcement that the new crop falls short of the previous crop by about 730 000 tons. Hence the recent great advance in the price of sugar. The abolition of the sugar bounty has been to the disadvantage of England, and grocers and manufacturers are complaining bitterly. It was estimated recently that in the first year of the term of the convention the United Kingdom had to pay £0,000,000 more for sugar than would have been necessary under the old system. Early in October a committee of the Federation of Grocers' Associations of the United Kingdom passed a resolution to the effect that the Sugar Bounties Treaty had proved very disadvantageous both to the public and to the trade, and that the Government should make inquiry before the expiration of the treaty in order to ascertain whether the interests of the country will be best served by Its renewal or withdrawal. of French authority writes that it is practically certain that the Brussels Convention has up to the present proved to be onerous for the British consumer of sugar. The large annual present made by the Continent has been rejected. The effect of the great rise in 1106 sugar can only be felt by Australia indirectly through the market In cane sugar advancing In sympathy. Up to the present the local market has moved only slightly, and it is, an interesting fact that the Colonial Sugar Refining Company's Melbourne price of white sugar is only 10/ per' ton higher than two years ago. It may he that, with the heavy import duty 011 sugar, Australian prices were already high: on the other hand, in- crease,! production in Queensland and New South Wales (under the bonus system has made Australia less dependent than formerly on importations. The P. and 0. Co.'s Royal mail steamer Moldavia, with the English mails to October 21, passed Cape Borda at 6 am. yesterday. The Melbourne portion of the mails should be available for delivery this morning. Both Houses of the state Legislature will meet on Tuesday, "'Tlie.LegWativc Council will dear with a number of measures sent up by the Legislative Assembly, including the Water Hill and the Strathmerton-Tocumwal Railway Bill. The Legislative Assembly will consider the second reading of the Milk Supervision Bill, and bourne the debate on the Licensing' Bill. , AA li it is while Labour this question is now engaging the attention of the Custom-! authoring-. the "Sugar Bounty Act provides that no bounty shall be paid in respect of the pro deletion of sugar on hand ninth has been cultivated by other than white labour" A Quccir-fmd firmer has" applied for a bonus for the sugar cane He has grown this year, and the central officials are debating whether he comes settling the definition "white labour," because while his father this was late and his mother says it lines Asiatic The applicant himself, it is said, has a skin is as late as that of an Australian but the question of his classification has been refined to the death of his own by the Queensland Customs officers Die Conip holder General Mill probably decide the point this week The personnel of the Royal commission which is to inquire into the operation of the federal tariff his not yet been debited in Cabinet the Prime Minister in the matter in hand but (he pressure of Pirie mental business precluded his taking any definite action at present. It is understood that when he is able to prepare a list of names which will embrace failed to poll a ci ins and experienced commercial men He will consult Mr A Watson the leader of the Opposition so that the commission may be constituted -with the approval of both sides of the house The members state nee on the commission will not receive any pay ment for their services though their out of pocket duelling expenses as will of course, be paid The non-political members will however most likely he voted i mother he fee perhaps two guineas -I sitting-to Term burse them to some extent for the seat of ince from then on businesses which the inquiry mile rice stitch When the House of the presentatives meets of motion Mr Isaacs will ask the Prime Minister in his steps he has taken on with regard to the appointment of the Royal commission upon the tariff They don t beat about the bush at any rate the Prime Alli stet remarked on Saturday in reference to the evident intention of the German authorities to prevent Austrian vessels siding to the Mnslmll Made, in the South Pacific When Messrs Burns Philp and Co first informed Mr Reid of the exorbitant dues which the Cci man official-) demanded When the films steamer went to this group of islands be despatched a very strongly-worded cable message to the Colonial Office on the rib ject in order that the British Government night bring the matter under the notice of the (remains Government sepmg'tliil paper it seems not demanded from Gomm vessel which Visit British islands in the 'mills Pitilic When Mr Reid it trod on 1 mind that the German authorities had since 11 in exhibiting export are on copra to further defer Messrs Burns Philp and to form trading, to he Mr shall ask in Isaac sent a second protest to the "secretary of Sale for the Losing and no doubt his pieces t lions will be submitted to the Gemini to ferment in due course The Prime Minis- let holds very decided opinions regarding, their friendly action of the German officers and he intends to press the inn ted to a conclusion When the Labour Market formed by Mr. Wilton was in office it as is realised that the provisions of the Inquirer a lion Restriction Act should he closed as regards article puts students and tourists coming to the Commonwealth from India A despatch was therefore addressed to the Indian Government stating that the federal authorities would be selling to issue exemption (candidates to such persons who desired to sit Australia for a few in the- On *sittii(liiA the Pi ant Minister returned de speech from his I excellency the As the, Viceroy of India (said Ampthill through his Excellency the Governor General, saving - I have the honour to ask you to convey to your 17 Mungari out cordial! acknowledgments in this -nimble concession and for the capital it carries with the wishes -till feelings of the people of late We can hide covered with the Aliinxtcis in hoping that this, exemption of the educated classes of India from the restrictions imposed on or din of j immigration will result in more Cie recent intercourse -and in no improvement of trade and in one to the mainland minute I of both countries- Four Ampthill states I that publicity is being made to the relief tion of the present fe Iel al regulations in the d rettion indicated in that the new system of passports was to come into force on the other 22 In conclusion he was that Lord -.oitlieotcs recent p utKipntion m Indian' ifTnis must make it gully in to him to be the means of eomcMn. this intelligence to the Commonwealth The number of visitors to the 'National Museum and Picture (lines yesterday was much greater him on the previous sunday when they were left thrown open to the public on a Sunday There was a constant stream of people of all ages entering the building from Svv instan street and the attendants stated that there were no more visitors than even on 'treatises By 4 o'clock the museum rooms and the riflemen were crowded at some trouble was experienced in moving about in the Buvelot (alien men women and children were evidently surprised that there was so much to be seen and the afternoon passed all too quid 16 for many of them While the elder people lowered in the picture galleries, and were content to stay some of the pictures for a quarter of an hour the boys and this vvcicaiiMou» to fasten me in to the museum where they added considerable to their stock of useful knowledge am! puzzled then Fneilds of friends he then the itching que" lions about the ii bills if- they ivy The c\ Elba s of Australian weapons appealed to excite much interest mi! men of a practical turn of mind were evidently pleased to he able to study the mechanical division of the museum Uniosl every section of the community was represented by the visitors but it was patent that the great bulk of those who were present were people who from the name of their avocations cannot go to galleries on other days of the week Commenting on 'Saturday on the determination of the Butter Commission not to call him until the charges made by Mr J M Sine!m against him had been in quired into by the special commissioner (Mr Justice A Beckett) Ali 1 we have not stated that it was in the hands of a. solicitor and was not so no of the it i ingredients entered into by them with the Butter Commission bpeal mg without consultation with my solicitor- learned Ali Taverner I desire to mix the per small, I feel I should appear before the Butter Commission fast There are not lets which, in justice to myself and the public, should in my opinion it clear ed up by the commission I think, and speak ng without consultation with mv solicitor That Ah Jtistitc V Bec] felt and not the Butter Commission should have the hat word ' Broken Hill stocks have nth need in value in the slot! and Share market for some time and investors were unprepared for the check administered last week by the fall in the value of lead As however, the price of that metal has risen from about 12 to £13 per ton a reaction was to be looked for, and with the turn time a general decrease in the worth of shares of silver lead ventures lies in the case of the high priced scrip represented a fall in value of from 1/ to V per share, the sm iller stocks suffering correspondingly Mount Lyell Mining and Railway stop at one time reached 14/0, but owing to an adverse de v clopinent at the North Ly eil mint i arts receded on Saturday told his company shares moved on a slightly lower plane There was little in the course of the dealing in local gold mining stocks of interest to in a store outside of the Bendigo group, warmly lost none of its steadiness -In extension of business took pi ice in debentures at an proved prices, the hulk of the dealing being in Board of Works and 31 per cent bonds Messrs W S Keast and Co , in volume tion with T li Undi m and Cole poll flame ing sold on account of the claims late (Ald W H Robert son) in the close of the late Mr William Jones, the pi op is known as part of the ' Kenilworth Estate, at Hamilton, containing 1,023 lines, to Ali John Fenton, of Hamilton, at a satisfactory place. The following are the results of an exam an hon held by Professor Masson, on behalf of the University extension floated, at not t lease of 18 lectures on The Foundations of Clicitittal Science' -Passed with Cicd t (in order of meut)-Roa Felstead, C -A Norris. P J Shanahan Passed (in order ofmeit)-Il 1 fallible, T H Gia»,llu_h Hughes With the Christmas number of the "On pine of animals two There received an advance crop) from the publishers, is issued a reproduction in colours of Mr. John H V Hinton's printing of the coronation of land Island The accident to an inch the artist gives prominence is the agent! Auhliisliop temples requiring to he sued ft 6in falling as hen doing His Almost horn age In addition to Mr Bacon s picture, death is g men on a large store cattle are numerous page and half page illustrations in colours and stones 66 Baring Gould Robert | Billions, George Gissing Ashley long, Al V 1 lands, and Works Kobtil At 'Nunniong ' Hampden long time dale, the residence of Mrs Langtree tiger (You fete in aid of the building fund (it Hit Periosteum Church was held on Saturday afternoon July 61 like of Rupti Uw ood pel for mail the opening unions On behalf of the families, of their 1er Baker and Thomas Terry was line again! from A 1 £1 Air It LoULlman ( Trades. hall) itckiiowlrdf.es re rent of the following additional sums Mr F L Parker Carlton Brewery at 2; collected by Air Dnnatil Al (critic has Brunt wick of the cm places Andrew Kerr and Co 9 cattle or fired over Air ( (Kristensen a JS 0 Air serious Coll man Ide since! 1918 at employes Messrs AAo I rolle mel (rose less per Air Al Alorjrin ill This evenings free concert for callers at the Sentinas. Institute Port Melbourne will be given by Alia Jt<N,|p Al AlHlan (f Col dramatic turns which Warm telling a cordial invitation to all tap tins officers and men ill port The An tralian lil nature s0l,_(, but fell later and he will meet.- this milling. at rut long-, must study the work of A(n 1 n Ali has s will be read an! realised Vnllowinir near this s motion salts -Alilhain I Butcher at Al triton crescent St Kilda till. I ill furniture C H Anderson it SiDtt, Until (»llinsstnct suburban practice All ours . AAmllrikers visitation it the Killin t Hi street Wool latins A their ( hardwood rebel j St Kilda families piano c Bailee iii I Co at their rooms Collins street tmrcilieincd pi dires i ( applied ml boat Kirks Binar horses 1 It 11 Horton and I orderly at Nicholson street South Arm furniture and effects Carter just i Co it hit, street surfaces good 