FED[?] [?] HOUSE OF [?] Thurday, 23rd. June. The Spookier look the chair at 2.30. A QUESTION OF [?] AND SE[?] Mr DEAKIN drew [?] a state ment [?] [?] offer had been made [?] supp[?] [?] [?] tiou& ctf y Ho u’ou-d like to know’ whether tiu.- Miirisior or External Affairs was aw aw of Vais offer, whether there was suifieicui. *»-b-r '«ov available to replace the Eauak-s, and whether theio wts any w’unuut ior tho bbatetuenc that it bo :uui>oceU)Je to introduce the Italians. The MINISTER of EXTERNAL AF FAIRS buud ho nod no official informa tion on tuo subject, and no offer had been made to the Government. hie know of tu> reason why tae parity of i'he Govern menu* rendered the working of the sugar plaiiiatiouto impossible. or that theie wo* auv siuieiiy of labor. Air tM'DONALD (Q.) w.vslnd to.know if Ihe Ali»*=ter was aware that. ‘.lie Govern ment of Queensland imported 1000 Ita lians to work the sugar industry, and wifckiu six months ,hvy left the planta tion, and were found working in limning. The MINISTER of EXTERNAL AF FAIRS—! am no: aware of it. Air M* DONALD—It did occur all the tame. I Air OALALLEY—-Is lie aware that the Italians in Lou&ianiu; shot Feuneny, the chief of police, and everyone else ;lie:e? (Laughter.. Tho AIiNISTER of EXTERNAL AF FAIRS—I am n-cd awuro of it. Air BRAAIFORU (Q.) at>kcd that on* quiries should be made ts to the success of the Italians introduced iiiio Queens land. The MINISTER of EXTERNAL AF FAIRS euid ho would ooi:s.d.r the wholo question, SUPPLY. On the motion- for going into com mittee of supply, Air DEAICIN expressed the- hope Uia«s information would bo sought from Sir Horace T. zi?r if any r.nd whet piopesal had been inado. and whax warrant he had for the sia-ament riiuc dt wcu:d be impossible to introduce Italians. He spoke of iha gmiii value of Italians ns «gricului:a;te.s and vituuLurists. and asked iliMo st-eps would lie token to re move the im.fappieho.-si n under which Sir IT. Toz*..r w.cs labor.ug. Air BAMFOIU tQO hoped that very careful enquiries would bj made before anything v*..s done. Ho said an offer would suortlv be made -o the Common wealth in respect to Lhe introduction of Danish immigrants. (Hear.) Air AI WILLIAMS (Tos.) expressed the opinion that ltaha:i6 the wons: im migrants. Air PAGE (Q.)—He is the best colonist in Queensland. Mr O'AI ALLEY—He carried a knifo in his boa: and a mzor in his pocket in the Scu’.m'm States. Mr Af'WILLIAMS thought it would lie * dangcrvais thing to allow hordes of Italians to come in. I Air KENNEDY (V.) urged that greater I opportunities should lie given for land settlement. and he attributed the pros- : perity of New Zealand to what they nad | done in this matter. Mr AI'COLL# thought there were no more desirable colorists than the people 1 of the couth of Europe, and he hoped , that tho Grverjrmenj; would take ilie dis cussion as an indication that the House would back the Government np in any efforts to develop Aits rr-ku. The AIINISTER of CUSTOMS con sidered : ha-t the incident showed the necessity for the appointment of a High Gommissionei. The House would be pleased <:o hoar that the output of white grown sugar for 1904 was estimated at 277,900 tons, as against 105,543 tons in 1903. Mr FULLER (N.S.W.) held that tho necessity for the appoiw-mnnl- fc of a High Commisri ner had bWn demonstrated. Mr FRAZER (AV.AA hoped that before immigration wees encouraged the condi tions would he made suitable for settle ment* % Air WILKES (N.S.W.) in the course of a husnorcua speech, said his chief griev ance was that he could not find his leader. (Laughter.) Air STORHEE (Tas.) nope* that before holding out inducement to people to come here, the Go* eminent would see that employment ■was found for the people who are here In Tasmania people who wanted land had to go back in the bush. There bad been a lock of practical legislation to bring about land settlement. Mr CHAPMAN (N.S.W.) considered that something more definite woe requir ed from the Government. It was a note worthy fact thus: whilst people left free trade for projectionist places, tho op posite was rot the case. Victoria wee the most self .contained State, oud this he attributed to her protectionist policy. He complained he could not get griev ances remedied, and urged the extension of pc6lal and telephonic facilities to out lying districts. - _ Tho MINISTER of EXTERNAL AF FAIRS said that theTe was no re96on why AustmMa should not. have tho bene fit of Haliers of a suitable class, g» there were Italian* and Italians. Ho remarked, however, that people of the Northern races ossimila/cd moie readily with our own race than tho Latina* There were plenty of white men m Queensland ready’ to work in the sugar , JOHN FORREST (W.A.) pointed out that the Commonwealth controlled ; no land or railway, and oould do little i Una practical wav to provide PD'ttloment. ] It would bo bstt-or if Farkament settled , down to legislate on tho re matters pro-1 vided by tho constication, and refrained | From any action which was calculated i to bring nt into antagonism with the ] State- The matter then-dropped. ARBITRATION BILL. The Arbitration Bill wes further cou eidered in committee. On louse 4S, on which Air Johnson (N.S.W.; had novel on amendment to omit a provision giving preference to organisations when employment is sought. Air SPENCE (X S.WA, in opposing the amendment, on-ored into a lengthy dis- O?rtation ir justiti rw atfon of unions, *nd , asked the Hni c e to recojnise that unions were, under the bill giving up a grcaS power in tl*« right f o s*rike- Air YTTT.LI S (X S V’.', l contended that three who chain ed that equal opportu nity should he given to all men were true of the people. Shortly before 11 there was a request for an adjournment. but the Rrime Minister objected unless an nn-wer was given that the debate would close nex* day. Mr THOMSON said ho could give no assurance. The PRIME Aim STEP agreed to re port progress on the iinrlenstuuding th-W efforts would be made io close the debate uertd^v. The House adjourned at 11,25 till, next day. t 