LAND SETTLEMENT. I TO THE°EDÍTOR. Sir,-Much has been said and written re attracting emigrants from Europe to cultivate oin- broad acres, and as a pre- liminary to advertise our land, showing its utility. I would like to point out that Queensland has made some rather serious niistukea in the method o£ adver- tising its' lands before tliis, and in the hope that similar mistakes will not occoir again I desire to refer to the fact that some few years bock, when I bael the honour of presiding over the Consulate of Denmark, hundreds of my conntrj'inen were attracted line bj' glowing land settle- ment advertisjjiiients, and also by the announcement of remuuerative employ- ment to all free emigrant«. But ? tho majority vvere sorely disappointed! after their arrival, and but few of them are hare novv. They came here believing that tho land oliered at 2s. (Id. ]>er acre was of our best, with tsisj- access to it, and had tirai been so niost of them would ihave had oomfoitabhi hollies ere now, niiin.v would " have been employers of labour, and nominators of numerous Danish emigrants to follow. 1 trust that our present Government will devise a more workable plan, not onlj- of attracting the right people, but also ol' ghin;? them the- nght opportunity as soon a» they land here. I venture-to suggest lliat good land in Miitiible loti should be offered at 2s. Gd. per acre on deferred payment, that a good road or a tramway bo made to the loeiilitj, that each selector should ihave tho option of working half time'on the Go- ve! nment works of constructing the slid roads or tramway, for, say, tlireîe years. This would enable the right chess ot man to make ii good slant ; let him understand that a proportion of the cost of the road or tramway will be charged on his land, the maximum of which should be, say, 7s., lid. per ucro, making the price of his land, I sty. 10s.. but that he should pay nothing | for the first five years, and then have tho, payments spread over, say, fifteen years. Tliis, of course, does not compare favour- ably with the offers made io Canadian immigrants, birt it is quite within the professed policy ol' the present Govern- ment, and, -I lielieve, with the lion. Mr. Denham, that our climate and the best of our soil is preferable to what Canada can oller. The Government should not act as a private landowner, alvvaj-s trj-ing to secure the 'highest possible price for their .land from the settlers. Tito policy should be to give thousands of families niuiuully the* l>est possible opportunity of making good homesteads for themselves on our broad aeres), knowing that such people aro the real wealth-producers, and good contribu- tor!, to the general revenue. Let us give the settlers everj- oppar ¡.niiilj cii gokliug a'neir farms into a pront able condition before any payments arc demanded, thus making it possible for farm lulxiurers with their families, who have little or no, capital, to make u fuir .start by their owii industry and eoonomj*. There has been much said about attract- ing farmers with small capital. These people aro much sought after in most cbun .tries, and our general prosperity will need to improve greattlj- before we are likely 'to attract many of such ; but there arc plenty of the right class of settlers with- out capital, and these we must cater for at present. Many of such, in fact, can be found in our "own midst, wlio under these conditions would make good homes for themselves. . """ I am confident that if the Government would set aside, say, three groups of about liftj'. .selections each, say one group on the Burnett, one on the Upper Mary, one near the Downs, and then send an agent ito Denmark, he could ibring out 150 families ere long as fre*e emigrants. People who would be almost sure to succeed under these conditions. What is of oliief importance to a poor man, VVIKI takes his family on to the'virgin soil to make ii home, is that he can Dart of his time find ] employment near his homestead and carn sufficient to live while he is making his initial improvements ; and, secondly,-when his land brings forth produce, that ho has a road by which lo sond to market. The want of goexl main roads in our farm- ing districts-, is, f believe, a more serious «Irawbaek than the want of regular sea- sons. Ijat us overcome the one, and pray for God's blessing in the other. I know it woulil be impracticable to make a goocl road or tramway to each selector's door ; bul lot it come a» near to bim as practicable, and let all the land, which the road passes b.v contribute a betterment tax. I ad- vocate, to fairly distribute the necessary, taxation for public improvement« over the whole of the. beneficial area, and not to forget that any public work that will suc- cessfully -»ettie families on the land also enriches the «-¡tv. and in In el the whole -I sim, sir, eve, P. C. POULSEN. Brisbane, 27th September. 