ADVERTISING AUS TRALIA ABROAD, [By J. M. Sinclair, in The Melbourne Argus.] Tlie most effective way in which Austra lia ond its resources em be advertised in Great Britain with a view of attracting set tlers is by having tirst-clnss collections of mmuctB on exniuiuon, not oniy in ijonuou, but at all the principal agricultural shows and trade exhibitions, also by the continu ous distribution of weli'-prepared hand books. The settlers chiefly attracted to Ctmuda and the United .States are young men from the .'igricuitun! districts, small fanners, or farmers' sons. ' Nicely illustrat ed handbooks, with descriptive matter re lating to the resources of each state in re gard to grain production, nheep .and cattle raising, dairying, fruitgrowing, markets, freights, &c;, give readers a gener.il idea uf the undeveloped wealth of Australia, and when seeing the actual products, grain, wool, fruits, wines, fibres, and other pro duce at their local agricultural shows, .Uie possibilities of the Commonwealth are ac tually demonstrated and brought home to them. ? — Volnc of Handbooks.— This course lias been pursued' by Canada For many years with most successful results. Settlers in Manitoba and l;iis.tani Canada liave informed me that it was through reading handbooks distributed at agrienltu ml shows in Great Britain, and seeing the factual productions of the country side by side with their own, that the fact was made dear to them of the advantages possessed by a new emintrv with cheap and fertile and, and the opi»ortumties given for estab lishing themselves as producers in it. Young men, with a certain amount of capi ta!', desirous of becoming their own land lord', are attracted hy the descriptions, and when ample evidence is furo'shed by pro- 1 ducts exhibited of it* possibilities* they' emigrate by hundreds. Canadian hand books are beautifully illustrated, having photographic views of homesteads, farms, orclmrds, dairies, cattle ranches, &c;, and also countrj' scenes. They are readable and attractive. Canadian agon.ls in Great Britain have informed me that the best results in inducing settlers to take up land or purchase farms were obtained by tlie continuous distribution of literature and exhibition of products. They answered far better than lectures. The lectures in towns secure numbers of artisans, mechanics, and general' labourer);, but lhe books and ex hibits yield infinitely better results in ol-- taining settlers for the lands. The exhibi tion of products was always' accompanied witl^ very large photographs of farms, set tlers homesteads, dairying, and of harvest ing operations, j have seen large numbers of formers gathered round tlie Canadian stand at a large agricultural show, examin ing products, obtaining liandbooks, asking for information, and viewing the larg'e pho tographs of fanrn scenes with the great est, of interest. The agent in charge of the stand was always kept busy giv:nj information. [ frequently recommended this method of showing Victorian products and distribiitinjr literature to the Depart ment of Agriculture, recognising its great value, not only in attracting desirable set tlers, but in aiding the extension of trade in inducts also. — Lantern Slides — Another course should be to provide agri cultural colleges and dairying schools in Great Britain with lantern slides of views of Australian vineyards, orchards, farms, butter factories, and the work carried ou in connection Uurewith, also stock raising, &c.; These institutions should also be sup plied with illustrated liandbooks. They would convey to agricultural students an idea of the systems pursued in Australia; and, as the students are generally the sons of well to-do farmers or of men who are desirous of; starting them on land, they would ob tain an idea of the possib.at.es of Australia as a field for settlement. I found these col leges bad lanterns for this work, and f have been applied to for views, but could not supply them. Nearly. 'all the large schools in Great Britain have , magic lanterns, which are used in connection with lessons on geography, and views are pven of many things lclntinjr to other countries. Supplies of lantern slides showing principal cities, typical country towns, scenery, ports, rh'erf, lakes, of Australia, nnd 'views of orchards, farms, vineyards, stations, and some of our imiwrtant industries could be sent to tin; principal schools. They would convey' to youths growing up an impression of Australia and its wealth and resources which would never be forgotten, and would remain with them when they attained man howl. The Chairman of the School Manage ment Committee of School Eoardsof London informed me that they would gtadly utilize lantern slides if they were provided by the Government, and that they would lie of value in , instructing boys in the advanced classes. Ilandtiooks could also be sent to schools in Great Britain. Every public li brary, reading room, club, library, farmers' cub, nnd agricultural society should be s«p nlicd.'with copies of the Australian hand book. Under federal direction tfhere is nothing to prevent every member of these agricultural societies receiving a copy. From the available photographs on hand relating to agriculture and , viticulture, I 'was able to have a number reproduced in agricultu ral and .horticultural .papers in England, with descriptive inatter, the editors express ing their willingness to accept further illus trations, also articles relating to these in dustries in Victoria. — Passenger Fares. — Complaint was made by many that the cost of passage to Australia was so high, compared to the low rates across the At lantic to Canada or the States. Arrange ments might lie made by the Federal Go vernment with one of the companies owning the large steamers going round the Cape, £o that emigrants with a certain amount of capital desirous of settling in Australia might receive passages at moderate rates. Every inducement should be held out to small {armors from Germany . and other Continental countries to come to Australia. No one can travel through the United States or Canada without being impres«:-l with the lap^e num ber of industrious, thrifty, and law-abiding people who have gone there from Germany, Sweden, Norway, Den mark, France, and Italy. Americans say it is the admixture of nationalities wKich lias made the states so progressive and prosiwrous. People belonging to one race possess inherited traits, and arc inclined Io follow old systems and methods. In the United States the mixture of races seems t» liave brought about the development of fresh and prneresrive ideas in all industries. These transplanted races attach themselves to their new cwntry. 'nd in tlic second generation are thoroughly assimilated nn-! nationalized. Minnesota, and the two fine eities of Minneapolis and St. Paul are largely peopled with Norwegians and Swedes or their descendants. . — Continental Immigrants. — In an extensive tour I made in the west ern agricultural states, the names of a majority of the progressive thrifty farmers often led me to ask myself where were the representatives of the Anglo-Saxon stock? In our own farming districts we have Ger man.' Swiss, and Danish farmers and fruit growers, who are a credit to_ i\\\v state, and icgnrd themselves with pride as part nnd parcel of the community engaged in working out the destinies of Australia. All encouragement therefore should lie given to thrifty Continental people to come and settle on Australian land. . —Murray Settlements.— The densely fiopulated. prosperous irri gation settlements of California and Colar atio furnish conclusive proof that a ]arec population can be settled in Australia when the locking of our rivers and the conserva tion of water receives due attention. The conservation of the Murray, Murnimbid eec, and Edwards surplus waters would provide for an area of fertile country suffi cient to support lijmdrcds of thousands of settlers. Tn Canada the long, severe win ter, with the soil frozen and work suspend ed for months; is a tlrawbnck' to that conn try, and often it is not realized by settlors until after they have located themselves. —Northern Australia.— Australia, from tropic to temperate zone, furnishes a choice of ch'unte and condi tions such as no other country can {five. Ti Great Britain cannot supply settlers for parts of northern Australia, encourage ment might be offered to desirable people from southern Europe, furnishing them with land on easy terms. The thrifty peasantry from northern Italy and south of France, if successfully settled in northern Austra lia, would form : ' prosperous communities in territories not. utilized at present. I have seen colonies of French and northern Italian settlers in the Arcentiiii! Reputfie. The onen pampas country had been trans formed by them, all classes of production bein? dealt with. The Argentine Govern. incut, by granting large areas of land on cheap terms, has. by means of agents at tracted thousands of jyconle. Queensland. South Australia, and Western Australia' haw large areas of fine country in the north, with good harbours and rivers, not likely to be settled by British people, rx cept as cattle runs. Siwii country mk'ht attract people from southern Europe. The Argentine Government some years ago, in order to induce settlement, sold 20.000.0(10 acres to syndicates and others at 2/6 iw acre, on condition that, settlers wore brought in. Thn result was that agents went to Germany, Switzerland, Italy, and France, mid brought back thousands of peo&ntry;, steamers carrying them at spe cially low rates. —A Swiss Settlement.— When in South America 1 visited some of tl»e colonies, and they were all pror-jieiing. 1 remember the impression mude by a Swi-s settlement in the province of Santa Fe, and the appearance of the well-tilled f.irms, with orchards and vines. Hie town, with tree planted stieeb!, neat churches, and large sehoolhousus, was indicative of the tliriit, industry, and intelligence of its inhabitants. The large flour mill was owned by a Swiss, who showed w;!h pride his extensive build ing ;;nd plant, and referred to his small be ginnings of a few years previously. Such people, if sufficient inducement were givea, would settle in many portions of c-u-' Northern Territory, and become wealtli l»roducers, transforming the wilderness into prosperous country. — irrigation. — A tour through the far west of the Umt «1 States, oven the arid regions of Colo rado, Wyoming, and Nevada, would be a ?evelation to many Australians. The influx if population 1ms meant rapid advance ment, the reclamation of almost desert and by water conservation nnd irrigation, ind closely settled communities stretchin,.' iiit in all directions. We do not reiili/.e 'tilly the resources and capabilities of our :-wn preat country or what it would be some if it had a large population on its wide iicas of fertile lands. 