PERSONAL NOTES FROM ENGLAND. jFrom our Special CorresTMmdcnt;.] The Register Office, 80 Fleet street, LONDON. March 2a. — Rovaltv.— T^lin Ivinp, accompanied by the Queen and Princess Victoria, on Wednesday opened a ncy wing of the Law Society Hall, in Chan cery lane, in the presencn of a large num Wr of members of the legal profession, in cluding the l^nl Chancellor and the Lord Chief Justice. His Majesty, after the cere mony, srent some time in tke library ex amining the literary treasures of the Law. iSociety. So interested was he that ooca sicnally he called some one to his side U comment upon a remarkable oM volume, or to point out .'ouie peculiarity in an ancient tome. In fact, one of the onlookers reinark eJ that the King's mind 'aJemed to feast cm the pricelofH works' stored in the building.— Yesterday His Majesty went io KDowsley, in Lancashire, as tiie guest of Lord Derby, and to-day he is present it the Grand National at Aintrce.— Yesterday the Queen, with Princeaa Victoria atid others, paid a surprisj visit to the East End restaurant, known as the 'Alexandra Trust.' Queen Alexandra stepped up to the cashier's desk, and asked for eight 4Jd. tickets, and the company then went to an inner room and sat down to a tJire9-mo.il courfc. Tlic Daily News, which Is now a iit-lf penny paper, and Avrites for the mil lion, begins its description of 'the scene tint?:— ''Ivor, Sarah, look at these 'ere tcfls.' Sarah at that moment was en glossed in the pleasurcR of the table, bend ing intently over her soup. Her hat was eet at- an alarming anjle, and its nodditu 'tips' followed her every movement with an interest which -threatened to land them mio ner piatc. -fcaran, Jooi; at these 'ere toffs!' repeated her companion, with a shrill note of excitement. Sarah looked up end dropped her spoon with a noisy crash. 'Love ,1 duck, it's— no it ain't, yus it is— it's the Queen.' It u-as the Queen.'— Tlic Kin* and Queen Alexandra wiil leave for Den mark on the &ith; inst. Tnc annircrmrr of Iving Christian's birthday will t« eele brattd on April 8, and their Majesties will sliortly after return to England.— At the end of April the Prince of Wales will visit the Court of Wurtemburg, and take with him the insignia, of the Order ot the Garter for King \\\'i*:iiam.— The lung was fouie time ago phot-ogiaphal by a Danish photographer, who has told a repre sentative of a Copenhagen paper that he said to King Edward, 'Ma.v 1 beg your Maitfety lo hold your head a little higher?' ''Uravo. young man,' answered the King, '''/wi are right; Heaven knows, in these days it is advisable *o hold your head as high as you am.' —The Kaiser.— During the German Emperor's visit to Gibraltar the crowds were silent; 'rc- spcctluliy silent/' as one euqes])ondent has it. A few persons raised tlieir huts. Hie Mflijcity visited Sir George White, of 1ady smith fame, who is Governor of Gibraltar, and he ai--o went ou board Admiral' l^-rd Cfeu'lce licresford's t-liip, wearing the full Uniterm of a Uritish Ficld-Manhal and the Oi'dei- of the Garter. ltf]a.tions between the Kaiser and his son Hcem to remain strained. It is now reported thai His Jla jesly has. 'transfernxl eight young officers of tiie Crown Prince's company to other regiments, these officers li/iving lx;en in tlw son's company when he attended a certain thaitric.ii performance in disobedience to his father. Jf such far-reaching results are to follov; mere friendshi]) with the object of tJic Kaispi's wrath, it wiB not be long \xh\v the incident become!: wcdlcd into a matter of political importance. —Colonists in England.— Tlie Hon. Sirs. Alfred Lyttelton will open the new ivemidcs of the Austral Club at 44 Queen's House, St. JanuM* Court, Kucking ham Gate, S.W., on Tuesday. Mr. iiicluinl Nitfdike is lo bo one of the voeaJis's for the occasion.— An applimlion «nt by Mr. John Gordon to the committee who lire controlling the distribution of antiquities recovered during the explorations in Upi-er l£/vpt has met with a re.-*ponse that augurs well far the Adelaide Mueeum. The com munieation stated that the request .for specimens will probably be acceded to, and further suggested that, should an applica tion be made a sarcophagus might also be added to the presentation. Air. A. W. Kai!dfoi\l invited a number o? city men to the office of a friend in Den inan street, E.G., this week, to see a work in,; model illustrating the invention for im pioyecl heating of boEcre which he hoi^es to successfully introduce into the industrial world, ilr. Sandford, after a short descrip tive lecture, demonstrated that he could produce steam iu oue niintite Huhscqucnt to tli.i application of heat, and neverol of those present timed the apwarance of tlie steam 1j-' their watches. The simplicity of the invention gs-eatly impressed Uie visitors, und it wns remarked that it was, cxtraonli nary sueh a simple expedient should not ha'ij been happened ui»n l-efore. Tlie Cripple Parlour at Toulon street, Cainberwe;!, wa« the scene of a very in tercaUng gathering, when alwut 50 crippled children met to make a presentation to Mius Kate Finlayson. For a long time Miss Fin laywHi lias spent her spare liours in the ser vice! of tha'c little nfilicted ones, and it was with great regret that they heard of her approaching departure. The presentation took tlie form of a morocco ca.'e, containing every requirement for sewing purposes. The youngest cripple. 'Little Dan,' was celect ed to offer the gift, and a letter was read from the eldest girl, telling of the appre e.:ation and love in which Jliss Finlayson was held by all the sufferers. The recipient replied in sincere words, and afttr a bright hour spent in chatting with her little friends she left amid vigorously expressed wishes for her future happiness. Jliss Barbara Andrews has for several weeks been sojourning in the north. Some time next month, in company with Mrs. Mann, wife of tho Admiral, sho will cross tlic Channel for Holy. Miss G. Hay will at Easter visit relatives in Scotland, with whom she will spend a couple of weeks.— Miss Sarah Wave was among this week's callers at. The Ecgistcr Office. - Tlie Pvnv. H. Girdlcstone, .M.A., hc.id master of St. Peter's Collei;e, went to Itourncmouth directly after nrrvial in Lon don three weeks ago, hurrying to the bed side of his father, the vicar of Uathampton end rector of Langton Herring, who was very ill. Tlie death of Mr. Girdlcstonc, sen., has since been announced. Mr. and Jlrs. James Fowler aro still at Camden Hill Court, bat ivill Bhortly tnke a house in the country.— Miss iicllor arriv ed on Sunday, after a very pksuant voyage, from Adelaide.— Mrs. Grsunger arrived last weak by the Wakool. Hit Eon, Mr. Percy Grainger, is continuing a t-enrr with Miss Ada Crosslcy in South Afrkn.— Miss Elsie Jones fairly captivated her audience at the Westminster Orchestral Society's concert. She sang 'Golden hours' and a selection froni.'Der Frcisthutz' in her most charm ing manner, and was several times recalled for eacli rendition.— Mr. wid Mrs. W. Clark and Mr. and Mrs. Lionel Robinson arc also among those who are taking a change of atiiKtsphorc at Easter lime, lliey have ta ken quarters at Eastbourne. Miss Uanunfitt Dyer this week called upon the Agent-General. She has come to London for the purpose of studying elocu tion, with the intention of returning to Adelaide to pnn« that knowledge on to other students, and has already clicHen an in structor.— Capt. Adrian Jones has issued cards of invitation to a private view in his studio of the equestrian gtalue of Sir Rcd vcrs Duller. A nt«nl)cr of South Austra lians will Uike tliis opportunity oi seeing the able sculptor's latest work. Mr. Martin AUerdale Grainger, sen of the Agent-General, has written an article for The Westminster Gazette giving the colonial view of Chinese immigration. That paper says it cannct_ rise to the writer's! assumption that colonies in one part of the ' world should determine tiie poKey of ctJo. j nies in another .part, tibough Mr. Cham berlain went far to crAahliali that doctrine at the time of th« South African p«ee. M^r. Gmingor Hvrites vigorously, and oc caaoniUy with hot scorn. In his coneJa eion Mr. Grainger pours out lofty indnt nation upon 'these English EWitleinen who can put s-entiinent ara'de vriitJi ro fine an air,' and he declares that tiu-.colonien can now see the great gulf that separates them in sentiment from tlus EueKsh nation. It were easier for capital to join hands in af fection with labour than for the colonial democracies to draw nearer in bonds of unity with the plutocracy that at this mo ment dominates the motlter country. Mr. P. H. Burgoyne, Ciiairman of the board of management of the Ventncc Con sumption Hospital, presiding at the annual meeting, spoke of the irreat law that insti- 1 tution has sustained through the death of its late Patron and Governor, the Duke nf Cambridge. The report pJiowed that the hospital was doing an increasingly bene ficial work, a fact to which Lord Alver none referred in proposing the vote of thanks to the Chairman. He. said that only those on the board could know the constant attention and sacrifice of time which Mr. Uursoyno Five to the interests nf the institution, nnd few' had any idea af what he did for it year by year. The f ucceaaful novelist usually desired to conquer the better paying field of dra- ma, and it is not surnririnc to learn thai Mr. Guy Boolhby will shortly seek the suffrages of the public as a playwright. The old South Australian has for some years been working very hard, and 'his out put hafl been enormous; but his tecmins imagination stili holds an immense ftoclc of good things, and be hopes to add further leaves bo Iris laurels find dollars to his banking account. —A Liberal Boom?— Mr. Asqiiith is impressed with ihe cn« eonragine sighs from every quarter for the Liberal Party. He arys all the evidence i* in the direction that the country has inadu up its niind. and he is certain that its ver dict will not lie arrested lry apjieals to hcl-l its hand on tlic possibility of international complications. Audacious' though it might scenw, he believes there fire men in this country besides Mr. Italfmir a.nd Lord jjinsdowne who are capable of lookiiif after foreign affairs. . . — John Burns on Cliques. — Mr. V,. Hell, M.P., has been direardrd ty\ the Independent Labour Party and tins Socialise, ;ind he declares that h'n will not again sitand for Derby as a candidate of the labour representation committee. He snya he has neitlier been asked for a pledge, nor has he given one to hiu ennstitoenta, ti the Liberal Association at Derby, nor the Liberal Whips, and ho declines to Rive -;ithet promise or pledge to the Independent Li botir Party. That appears to be the FcrJet of the difficulty between him and his for mer friend?. Mr. Jolm Burns is sympa thetic with Mr. Bell, and remarks that he anticipated romething of (he same kind to wards himself from similar people in hU own lubotir society. He lelicves railway men will at the annual meeting approve of Mr. liell's action, and caustically rcmarla that all labour members have not yet reach, ed the position of being mere delegates o: , cliques. The type of man who would con sent to act in that capadty would not ba worth having, —Archbishop of Canterbury CritiriFcd.— Mr. Broadhurst, a labour member, during the Chinese debate fell foul of the Arch bishop cf Canterbury, whom he represent ed as Kiying that the 'Head of the church, eo called, came to the House of Lords to apologize for the lust of gold, for the crea tion of slavery, and for a greater profit for men who had no patriotism lxit gain.' Cor res|-»uU;ncc has since parsed between the hnn. member and the Primate, in which) Dr. Davidfon took the politician to task for saying that workmen were rigrht in siayincj am«y from diurch r.n account of such 'mockerj-,' and that the church, as repre. scnted by him, was, as it always bad been, in the inain npainst the people, who wsra left to light uicir laU-les unaided agiinst the ricli and the powerful. M.r. Jiroad'hurst retorted that the Primate admitted usini» the words 'regrettable necessity;' that waa his jtoint of complaint, for he did not sea any necessity whatever in the matter. Ho denies the accuracy of the report al/wt churclipoing. ^Vh.^.t) he did say w.is that Churchmen arc. in face of certain fact?, f ur- prised thai workmen do not go to church. JJut l»e rcpcateJ that the church has made a mock of the simple faith taught in tho New Testament. —Moral and Physical Pluck.— Mjr. Seely, Unionist M.P., is a man of both moral and physical cour.ige. He went out to South Africa as captain of the Hampshire Yeomanry; smne years a&o; he saved nine lives from a French vessel by swimming out with a line in, a heavy sra; and now he fhows the strength of his con. victionn on tlie Chinese labour question, lie Lib accepted the Chilk-rn Hundreds in order to go to his constituency in tlio ? Isle of Wight, and fight the issue in sup port of the opponents of Chinese labour. Tlio Uberal Party will not put up a can didate against him, ro the contest will call forth' a plain verdict on ths yellow atfJny question. —The Irish Leader.— Mr. John P.cdmond has 'laid down _ two broad principles for tlie government of the Irish Party. Firstly, that before any Libe ral Government can hold office by virtue of Irish voten it must, adopt home rule; and. secondly, that certain religious insti tutions affecting the Irish Catholic people of Great ]Jritain murt be protected. He thinks there ulmuld be a com!*romisc on the latter question between Nonconform ists and Churchmen .in ihe House. The chief point of importance at the moment is the otriking down of the prf-sent Go vernment. —Literary, and Theatrical.— Mrs. Oracle- (John Oliver HobbesHuS just pulilished her 'last work, ''The Vine yard. One critic says the worst fault of the book is that it is 'too literary.' Mr. S. B. Crockett has come before the rcadtT acain with a tn.le called 'Strong Mac.' J'hc scene is laid chiefly in the Scottish parish of Lowarn. A reviewer ck-ufthxa Mr. Crockett thus:—' 'Mucklo Sandy lifted up his great fist, and next moment the girl would undoubtedly h-ivo l-een lying beside the unconscious Dominie had not something happened.' We know that ?something' so well!' Mr, Wilson Barrett has written a new play «.vith an Australian (fitting, and \m allied it 'Tlie Never Never Land.' 'the central idea is the im]-ersonation by a drover of a squatter who is dead, the l^'ir |-er claiming the property of the manwho is not. A crowded Audience at King's Theatre!, Hammersmith, received the play with favour. When Madamo Patti arrived at her Welsh home, ennnons l»oomed, a brass band played a welcome, and her tenantry re ceived her with great acclaim. She told a story of an exciting adventure while tru vellinc on the train between Los Angeles and San Francisco. At 2 o'clock in the morning a man gained access lo the c-ir by smashing the class of the. window, but the cook raised tlin alarm, and the intrud er jumjrtxl off while the train wa= travel ling. Madame Patti's husband thinks the man was a ]-assen£er who had walked along the roof, and the diva has no doubt that he was after her jewels. Madame Patti netted £45.000 from her lour in the United Stales, but the strain has been very severe; and her husband, Baron Co der'strom, says she has fully made up her mind never to ievi;il America. Mr. Gcorpc Alexander has withdrawn tho play ''Love's Carnival' from St. James's Theatre, after only four night-s. Even the Flim- trass of tlus run was eclipsed by 'that of a play called 'Tlic Cousin from Austra lia,' produced in 1893, when it was taken off nfter the first jierfonnance. Mr. Max Boerbohn says it docs not pay to write plavs showing any particular ori ginality. Iliough a large proportion of managers arc very good fellows, they are dull withal, and consumed by an instinctive dread of anything clever— ''Hie sorry truth is that our Vcrio'iR mamccrs have got into 1 groove, and nothing, not cvsn poor houses, can pull tbem out. of it. Tliercfore, we all co to sih; musical comedies, and are at least ? unused.' 24r. .1. IT. Leigh hais told an intcrvitnvcr tlint tofwrds the end of the present year the Cemrt Theatre will be placed at .the ihposal of any club or company that can [irovidc sufficient dramatic ability to use iti boards. Scenery, fittings, and all the ap purtenances suitable frr phys. r.iniinj frcm Shafepearean tragedy to mo-lern melo Inuna, will be available. Thus the dream jf many an enthusiastic lover of the bourda ind many nn ambitious playwright is like* Iy to Vie accomplished at an early date. 