QUEENSLAND. The quantity of sugar exported from Queensland during October was 23,920 tons making the total exported this season 71..G36 tons. The Queensland Government intends before tho close of the present Parliamentary session, to table plans for the construction of three short lines of railway. ? . ' The Queensland Bail way Department have decided to call for tenders for 2000 tons of steel rails and 168 tons of fish plate3tor relaying purposes, xeuuuia will be called for Queensland, but not in tho other States. A number of English firms will also be asked to submit prices. A shooting affray occurred at Fortitude valley, Brisbane, on Tuesday night, when a young man named John Bowles Nicol shot a girl named Dorothy Bose Powell, a news agent's daughter, and then shot himself. Jealousy is supposed to be tho cause. Both were taken to tho hospital in a bad condition. Mr Bottomley, the representative of the British Cotton- growers' Association, is visiting Cairns (Q ), at the invitation of Dr, Thomatis, who is theorigina tor of the new variety of cotton called Caravonice. Mr. Bottomley, in an interview, states that he is inclined to believe that cotton can bo treated in North Queensland ss perennial, as thire are no frosts to check the growth of the plant. In the Supreme Court, Brisbane, Eli Sizer, a ho telkeepor, was charged with mixing nicotine with liquor, and also with having the same for sale, and was found guilty on the latter count. Sir Pope Cooper, the Chief Justice, said that taking into con sideration tho prisoner's advanced age he would not send him to goal, hut fined him £200. The eentence wa3 respited pending an appeal to the Full Court. At a conference of delegates of the/ Pastoral and Agricultural Societies of Wide Bay and Burnett district, at Maryborough the following resolution was carried:— 'This conference appreciates tho action of the State Treasurer in his endeavour to obtain a longer fixed period for the payment of the bonus for white-grown sugar, as it believes that the best interests of the industry will be studied by an extension of time.' | Mr. Peterson, one of tho delegates to Brisbane from the recent Sugar Conference, while in Brisbane had an interview with the Premier, Mr. Morgan, on the subject of a letter from the Scandinavian Gov ernment inquiring if Queensland was suitable for the settlement of Danish immigrants. The Premier evinced considerable interest in the matter, and ox pressed the opinion that the Danish people were among some of the best colonists in Queensland. Tha Premier has passed the matter on to the Agri cultural Department. 