• TTTR ' C OM MON WEALTH fpAKLIAMENT. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES SUPPLY. THE QUESTION OH IMMIGRATION. (Fro w Our Own Correspondent.) ^MELBOURNE, Thursday. The Speaker took tko chair at 2.30. ITALIAN IMMIGRANTS FOR QUEENSLAND. -Mi-. Dcakin drew attention to a state- I meat attributed to Sir Horace Xozer that an offer- had been made to supply Italian immigrants to work in the sugar plantations of Queensland. He would like to know whether the Minister for .External Affairs was aware of the offer; whether there was sufficient labor new available to repluce the Kanakas, and whether there was any warrant for the statement that it would be unfavorable to introduce the Italians. The Minister of External Affairs said he had no official information on the sub ject, and no offer had been made to the Government. He knew of no reason why the policy of the Government ren 1 tiered the working of the sugar planta : tions impossible, or that there was auy j scarcity of labor. ' Mr. -U'Honald (Q.) wished to know if the Minister was aware that the Govern ment of Queensland imported 1,000 Italians to work the sugar industry, and within six mouths they left, the planta tions and were found working in min The Minister for External Affairs.—I am not aware of it. Mr. MtDonald.—It did occur all the. same. Mr. O'Malley.—Is he aware that the Italians in Louisiana shot Henuessy, the chief of police, and everyone else there ? (Laughter.) The Minister for External Affairs.—I am "not aware of it. He would consider the whole question. . CLASSIFICATION. The Minister for Home Affairs' laid on the table the publio service classification scheme. THE AUSTRALIA'S LASCARS. Mr. Thomas enquired as to the correct ness of the statement that the Lascar crew of the Australia were guarded by police and not allowed to leave their quarters. The Minister for External Affairs said tuis was not heing done by order of the Commonwealth Government, and if these precautions were taken it would lie in the interests of the company, who were responsible for the egress of the men. SUPPLY. On the motion for going into commit tee of supply, 3ir. Deaidn expressed the hope that information would be sought- from. Sir Horace Tozer if any, and what proposal iiad been made, and what, warrant he had for the statement that it would be im possible to introduce Italians. He spoke of the great value of Italians as agricul turists and viticulturists, and asked that steps would be taken, to remove the mis apprehension under which Sir H. Tozer was laboring. sir. Bainford (Q.) hoped that very careful inquiries would tic made, before anything was done. He said an offer would be made to the Commonwealth in respect to the introduction of Danish immigrants. (.Hear, hear.) .Mr. MAVilliams (Tas.) expressed the opinion that Italiaus were tile worst im migrants. fir. Page (Q.).—He is the best colonist in Queensland. Mr. O'Malley.—He carries a lenife in his boot and a razor in his pocket in the southern states. Mr. MAVilliams thought it would be a dangerous thing to allow hordes of Italians to come in. .Mr. Kennedy (Vie.) urged that greater opportunities should be given for laud settlement and he attributed the pros perity of New Zealand to what they had done in tiiis matter. Mr. M'Coll thought there were no more desirable colonists than the people I cf the south of Europe, and he hoped ! that the Government would take the clis 1 cession as an indication that the House would hack the Government up in any efforts to develop Australia. The Minister of Customs considered that the incident showed the necessity for the appointment of a High Commis sioner. The House would be pleased to hear that the output of white grown sugar for liJOi was estimated at 277,1)00 tons, as against- 103,.3-13 tons in 1903. Mr. Fuller (A.SAY.) held that the necessity for the apxtointmenfc of a High Commissioner had been demonstrated. Mr. Frazer (W.A.) hoped that before in)migratioH was encouraged the condi | tiens would be made suitable for settle- , mont. _ I , Mr. Yvilks (X.S.W.). in the course of a j | humorous speech, said his chief grievance j was that lie could not- find his leader. | j (Laughter.) • Mr. Storrer <Tas.) hoped that before holding out inducement to people here the Government, would see that employ ment was found for the people who are here, fn Tasmania people who wanted land had (o go back m the bush. There had been a. lack of practical legislation to bring about land settlement. Mr. Chapman (X.SAV.) considered that something more definite was required from the Government. It was a note worthy fact that whilst people left free trade for protectionist- places, the oppo site was not the ease. Victoria, was the mod self-contained state, and this he attributed to her protectionist policy. He complained he could not get griev ances remedied, and urged the extension of postal aud telephonic facilities to out lying districts. (By Telephone.) The -Minister for External Affairs .saw no reason why Australia should not have the benefit ofltalians of suitable class, as liiere were Italians and Italians. The people of the northern races, however, had assimilated more readily with our own races than the Latin. The Govern ment would not place any embargo on i the introduction of immigrants of suit aide character. There were plenty of wiiite men in Queensland ready to work in the sugar fields. Sir John Forrest pointed out that the Commonwealth controlled little or railway, and could do little in the way of promoting settlement. It would be bet ter to eoniine their attention to matters within the Constitution, and refrain from action that would bring them into antagonism with the states. The matter then dropped. TH'IC Alt-MTU-ATION BILL. Tlio Arbitration Bill was further con sidered in committee. On Clause -IS, on which Mr. Johnson (X.SAV.) had moved an amendment (cm;• ilie the provision giving i»refcronce to memhn-. of organisations when em ployment is sought, Mr. Spencc (X.SAV.) in opposing the amendment dealt at length with Union ism. and remarked that unions under the Bill wore giving up their great rights to strike. Mr. Willis (X.S.W.) contended that those who claimed that equal oppor tunity should he given to all men were the true representatives of the people. Those on the other side were class legis lators. Mr. Page: First-class legislators. (Laughter.) Mr. Willis said a large body of people were non-unionists. Mr. MeCay considered it was an objec tion to the clause that it compelled men to ally themselves with an organisation which had political objects, though he admitted they had a right to those ob jects. He proposed an amendment tluit those who apply for preference shall re prcsent a majority of those who will be brought under the. operation of the award. Mr. Kennedy (Vic.) generally support ed the amendment-. Air. Isaacs (Vic.) denied any- mandate was laid on the Court to give preference to unionists. He did not believe men ifould be compelled by the' clause' to give preference; to unionists. He regarded the clause as necessary " and advisable. What was-the objection'to the unions? They were the absolute outcome of ne cessity. Mr. Johnson: Objection is not to unionism, but to compulsory member ship. - . : ' Mr. Isaacs could see no provision for compulsory membership. He believed no union .which-forced men to submit unreasonably to rule would have chance. The clause simply proposed to give the Court power to strike down in dustrial strikes. ? Shortly before 11 o'clock there was a request for adjournment, but the Prime Minister objected unless the assurance was'given that the debate would . close nest day. Mr. Thomson promised to try, but could give no assurance. , Sir Wm. Lyne hoped there was no in tention to spin out the debate to wait- for a certain gentleman who was on the train. ' Mr. Sydney Smith: Is that, why you are so anxious for a division? Sir Win. .Lyno denied he wanted a division to-night. Ho hoped there was no lurking intention not to close the de bate to-night. The Prime Minister agreed, on the un derstanding that efforts would be mado to close the debate nest- day, to report I progress. The Honse rose at 11.40 till nest day. 