MISCELLANEOUS GABLES. London, January 2. . A meeting of sympathisers with the sufferers by the KishinefF outrages has been held in London. It was decided to present a petition to the Foreign Secre tary asking him to remonstrate with KusBia in view of the sinister rumors current as to further projected outrages on the Jews. Mr. Reeves. Agent-General for New Zealand, is inviting tenders for a steam ship service from New Zealand to London, calling at varions British outports. News from the West Coast of Africa states that the British Resident at Bassa and the superintendent of pnlioe have been killed by the natives of Nigeria. A punitive expedition against the natives is now being organised. | No honors in connection with the New Year have been announced. It is in tended that the honors hitherto conferred at N«r Year shall in future be given on Coronation Day (9th August). The revenue of Great Britain lor the quarter ended December 31 amounted to £33,540.834. Customs receipts amounted to £8.772.916; excise, £10,^47,«» ; >nd stamp duties, £2,080.000. During the year 1903,: 62,000- British immigrants arrived in Cabada. , The German Government iBaaid to be endeavoring to secure^a whaling station on the Danish .island of St. Thomas, in the West Indies. The United States. Government hold that Denmark is bound either to sell the West Indian islands to America, or to retain them in her own possession. j Owing to the heavy losses; of transport i animals, caused by the severity of the | weather, the British mission to Thibet.is now halting in the Cbumbi Valley. The health of the troopB forming the escort to the mission is, however, excellent. Owing to the action of Colombia in placing troops within striking distance of. the Isthmus of Panama, the American troops stationed on the coast have been ordered to prepare for service. Three transports are now in readiness to convey American troops to Panama. It is reported that the Hottentots at th6 Hartebeest river, South Africa, re cently wounded a German lieutenant named Beklin. He was removed under fire from the natives, when a British corporal dashed but and covered-the bearer ; party with-the Union Jack. The Hotten tote immediately ceased firing, and Beklin and other wounded Germans received j every assistance in British territory. 