COMMENTS. VICTORIAN BUTTER QUALITY. (Probably two of the most difficult things to explain in connection with the quality of butter are those comprised under the heading of "aroma" and "flavor." What are the peculiar elements which go to wards the creation of these subtle essences in butter production, and exactly liow their presence may be secured, are mat ters that so far have eluded alike the scien tist and the practical dairy farmer. A dis cussion upon this subject has been opened by a correspondent of "The Age" under iihe signature of "A British Immigrant," who expresses the opinion that in butter sold in Australia . as "prime" the aroma and flavor are seriously deteriorating from what they were ten years ago; also that Australia's prime butter could not fail to give dissatisfaction to the majority of Great Britain's -butter experts, and he suggests that a bulk sample of English prime butter might -be obtained, so that. Australia's experts might have a concrete illustration of the aroma and flavor ex pected in Great Britain. This opinion is combatted from several quarters, including the Department of Agriculture, whose representative at the Melbourne Export Depot contends that the beat .Victorian brands are as good as ever they were, and, further, that some of the secondary brands 'this season have improved considerably. Those dealing with milk supplies straight from the farms, and treating the milk on the co- ; operative modern factory system, it is sub mitted, are still turning out good butter, while those dealing with home separator cream, which formerly produced a butter that varied in quality, ax-e in some cases doing much better than before. Fux'ther, it is denied that there is deterioi'ation in the export butter. It is explained that at the present time Victorian butter is handicap- bed by the presence in the London market of stoi-ed butter tliat pieceded the new sea son's output, and has been kept in cold stores. Over £100,000 was put into butter by .speculators in Victoria last year in the anticipation 'that butter would go up in value in March, April or May. They were doomed to disappointment, and had to rea lise on it somehow. It was sold to an Eng lish firm and put in cold storage, and now it is on the market, to the disadvantage, of the new leason's -butter of the same brands. With regai'd to the statement about the quality of butter marked "prime," it is pointed out tliat that might have been cox-x-ect as far as the writer's ex perience in a particular district goes. There is a section that is not as good as it ought to be, but Victoria's best butter is as good as over. The English butter is put 011 the market with its fresh flavor, and Denmark is able to send her butter in regularly and within a short period from the time it lias been made; but butter from Australia lias the disadvantage of a lengthened voy age, which, while not interfering with the primeness of quality, un- questionally alters somewhat the de licacy of the aroma and flavoi. Then, in addition to the drawback of the old season's butter being placed 011 the market, ntlemion is drawn to an alleged attempt to "bear" prices at the other end on the strength of a London market report of 4th December, which says that "Prices for the week remain unehrtnged, unless for Austra lian, which receded 2/ per cwt. The offers at low prices of Australian which arc be ing made by some houses look as if a 'beax' movement were being attempted." Among the contributors of outside opin ion 011 this subject one local correspondent says, as a man of experience in the trade, and making of butter in the North of Eng land and Australia, he quite agrees with "A British Immigrant" re the lack of aroma and flavor ill our prime buttci', but the fault, in liis opinion, is not to be found in our Australian method of making but- ter, 'but in the method of ' feeding the' cattle. "How,"; he asks, "can we expect -to get that sweet nutty flavor which;is iff/the 'English butter, seeing the cattle iiereyget' nothing hut grass, and tliat not of the best or sweetest, whereas the British farmer pastures cattle on a much richer pasture than any in Australia, and at each milking the cows have a good feed of chaffed meadow hay along with bran, bean and maize meals, and a little linseed oil cake I will guarantee if the Australian dairy man will go on these lines he will have more milk, a much better test at the fac tory,.a better bodied butter, with a liighe melting point, and full of aroma and flavor This treatment; would put .flavor into the milk, and if-. that is not there, it is impos sible for the butter maker, to produce 'the aroma desired in the butter."; This corre spondent takes up a position that many con sider quite.. untenable, because if there is one thing more tlian another that lias been regarded as conti'ibuting most materially to the superior quality of Australian butter, it has been the. fact' that the butter here is so largely fed on natural pasture, together with a smaller proportion of stall feeding than is practised either in Great Britain or on the Continent of Europe. This view is supported by another contributor to the discussion, who submits "that nothing pro duces better and more, uniform butter than grass, and if the cow here requires hand feeding it should be with the object of keep ing it in condition and increasing its yield when there is not.. sufficient grass. If our butter on the whole is not what' it used to be, various" reasons may account for it, such as the improper use of the home sepa rator,' and the gradual contamination of water supplies, of. which many examples could be given. Parcels of butter which reach the cool stores- in a good condition arrive .on the London market seriously de preciated. Does this not distinctly prove the above contention? Bacteria introduced- by unclean water is the invisible enemy that has to be fought against." _ The completely opposite opinions here submitted upon the natural grass and stall feeding questions fairly well represent the absence of any definite data so far estab lished in connection with these conflicting points; while the departmental assumption that t-lie British merchants are "bearing" the prices cannot be accepted as the true explanation. If there is anything of this sort going on, it is our own blame for not, as "The Leader" has already pointed out, establishing a receiving depot in London for the purpose of controlling the source of sup ply. In the fact that Danish butter always brings from 15/' to 20/ per cwt. more in the London market than Australian is to be found a very suggestive consideration. The l'elative prices for the -past. four years may he taken in illustration. For the year 1900, Australian, per cwt., 108/ to 110/; Danish, 12S/. For the year 1901, Australian, 104/ to 106/; Danish, 118/ to 120/. For the year 1902 (drought year and small supply). Australian, 110/ to 112./; Danish, 115/. For the year 1903 (now in the middle of the season), Australian, 96/ to 100/; Danish 115/. These differences in prices, it lias to be further noted, cannot he argued as meal ing superiority in quality, because tin prices quoted in the foregoing are for "choicest Australian"; and choicest Austra lian, no matter how much the point may be disputed, is equal to the very best Dan ish. The difference is entirely attributable to the fact that Denmark controls its sourci of supply. Denmark has long ago found it imperative to regulate its butter export trade with Great Britain by the establish ment of wliat is known under the designa tion of the "weekly quotation." This i- managed by feeding the London market ac cording to its weekly requirements from the Danish combined refrigeration deiiot in Copenhagen. We, however, ignore tne ex ample of Denmark, and instead of adopting the advantages of modern refrigeration, continue to tumble our shipments on top of each other weekly during our short sea son, and thereby actually compel a class ol agents to buy our produce at depressed prices <wing to the glut. That is the simple reason of the depressed prices, and iut any inferiority in the quality. 