PERSONAL. t His Excellency tlio Governor and Lady Raw- . son entertained tho following guests at dlnnci , nt tho State Government Mouse last evening:— Captain P. C. Tudor, H.N. ; Commander 11. Da Costa, R.N. ; Mr. Morshead, R.N. Referring to Llr. Grosswoll, clinlrmnn of thr Victorian Bonrd of Health, who died on Satur day, llie Melbourne "Argus" says: — "To keo|; Vietorin freo from Hie outbreaks of those scourges which sweep from timo Lo lime ovet other portions of the globe, and, at tho same lime, to improve the conditions of endemic dis- | eases, were Hie principal alms of Dr. Gresswell. Throughout his fourteen years of omen here lie worked pertinaciously and relentlessly towards these ends. Ills courage in resisting demands, refusing to relax the protective provisions laid down by law, and at nil ! lilies enoosing to do what was the safest for the community rather thnn tnlco the slightest, risk, have all contri- j buted without, question to the high standard of public hcallli to-day. Tito adulteration -of food was a subject on which he fell most strong- ( ly, and at ail times he urged the necessity of j legislative interference to protect tho public from being swindled, if not Injured, by the sale of Improper foodstuffs and liquors. He was instrumental in bringing info operation the I existing laws in this matter, and 'his last work in his department was In connection with the Milk Bill, which was abandoned in the last days of the. Parliamentary session." Dr.' si. Clair Donaldson, the new Anglican Bishop of Queensland, arrived in Melbourne from Adelaide yesferday. lie will ho tlio guest, of Dr. Clarkn during his slay. He. called on Hie Governor-General 'and tho Slate Governor, and wiil probably resume his journey to-day. Mr. and Mrs. B. It. Wise are among the pas sengers for South Africa by tho steamer Dorset. .They join the vessel at cither Melbourne or Adelaide, and proceed by her to Capetown. Af- j tcr a stay rif several weeks at the Cape, Mr. and Mrs, Wise will go oil to London, where they are expeeled to arrive about the middle of February. | Mr. D. Kirkcuidle, one of tho Railway Com-" 1 missioucrs for this State, and Mrs. Kirkcaldin, arc returning to Sydney by the it. M.S. Himalaya, : which culled at FremaiiHe yesterday. Mr. G. H. Greene, M.L.C. (N.S.W.), was a passenger by t lie Himalaya, which arrived at \- Prenni nle yesterday, lie is returning from a nine months' trip lo Canada and England. IIo iw«f ntuc\ si ruck by the immense advance of Canada, and the tine methods adopted lo indiieo immigration. Very little was licurd of Austra- lla in England, owing lo its not being adver tised like other countries. Mr. I,. W. Marekcr, who lias recently been ' appointed Consul for Denmark in Sydney, was lust night entertained at tlio Strand Cafo at dinner by a large number of his immediate friends. Mr. J. F. Horn was in llie chair. In | proposing flic health of Mr. Marcher, Air. F. J. Ballerum said that the appointment gave every satisfaction to the Danish residents of the city. Since Mr. Marcher had landed in Australia seventeen years ago, lie lmd taken a great in terest in all tilings connected with Denmark. Ho had taken a prominent part In the Danish Club, and during the first throe, years of its establishment he acted as sccrbtary, and since then he had been president of t.lie institution. Mr. Marekcr made a suitable response. Other toasts honored included "The Land We Live In," and "Denmark." During the evening the Scau- . dinavian Quartette supplied vocal selections. ' Dr. J. B. M'Lenti, who lias been acting as medical superintendent of the Brisbane Hospi tal during the absence of 1)1. Mayne. was yester day appointed medical superintendent. Mr. H. W. Apperiy, resident secretary ot the A.M.!'. Society in Brisbane, has been appointed to tako charge of the head oilice of the Indus trial branch of tlio society in Sydney. His pineo ill Brisbane will be ailed by Mr, T. F. Bridges, formerly resident secretary in Ade laide. Mr. Charles E, Wailen, of Turramurra, who until quite recently was commercial teacher at the Sydney Seitooi of Arts, died at hts residence last Friday evening. Mr.' Wailen arrived in Australia with his parents ill 1852. They settled in Victoria, and subsequently Air. Wailen went to Queensland. Somo llftccn years ago lie settled in Sydney, whero he hus since followed the profession of accountant. The funeral took place at Gordon Cemetery oil Saturday. Mr. J. II. Maiden, Director of tho Botanical Gardens, writes:— In your obituary notices of .Monday occurred an announcement of tho death of Air. Augustus Rudder, late Forester. May I offer the briefest tribute to his memory? 1-Ic was in bis 77th year, and retired from the Public Service a few years ago under the age clause. He was, however, physically and intellectually a much younger mull, and was sLeeped In a knowledge of our trees and timbers. You often published his letters on forestry sub jects. For years past, ho visited me. at inter vals of a month or two to talk Australian forestry, and I learned much from him. He was a member of an old North CoasL family, aud I suppose few men had a wider knowledge of tho North Coast forests than he. Only a month ago, I described the North Coast red box eueylaptus Rudderl in Ills honor, but did not inform liim of it, hoping to give him a. pleasant surprise. In this age of empiricism, j concerning Australian forestry, a man who was a close observer of the richest timber belts ot this State for 60 years, although a little pessimistic withal, is worthy of a tri bute of appreciation. The death occurred at Albury yesterday of Mr. William Pattou, owner of Tullandon sta tion, and one of the pioneers of llie Upper Mur- i ray. Deceased was 50 years of age. and a na tive of Wollongong. I AL tho conclusion ot the Marrickvillo Council meeting on Alonday night, t lie Mayor (Alderman T. H. England) entertained the aldermen and officers of tho council at dinner. Several toasts woro honored. Including "Tile Mayor and Mavoress," 'i Alderman Ilenson, Hie new city councillor," "The four retiring aldermen. Messrs. Gould, Josephsou, Brewer, and Holmes," and "The past and present officers." 