SUMMARY. The annual meeting' of tlic Brisbane Musi cal Union was held last night, (Page 7.) Tho Kennedy terrace Sunday school prize .distribution took place last night, (Pase 4,) A woodcarter fell from bis vehicle on Given terrace, Faddiugton, yesterday, (Page S.) Tho twenty-second annual meeting of tho Brisbane Gymnasium was held last evening, (Pugo a.) Ac ihe oriminal sittings of the Supremo Court yesterday . James Crowo was found guiit-v of tho manslaughter of John Cole, at tho Oriental Hotel, Albert street, and was strongly rocomiuoudod for mercy on account of tho great provocation bo received. Tito passing of sontenco was deterred until to day. (Pago 3.) The Stclling esse was before the Full Court in Sydney yesterday. (Page 4.) Tho police court case yesterday against two of Dr. Howie's followers was udjourned until to-day. (Paged.) Seventy officers of llto Public Works De partment in Sydney have received notice of retrenchment. (Page 6.) Japan has agreed to Mr. Hay s proposals, (Pugo 5.) Wur between Turkey and Bulgaria now is inevitable. (Pago 7.1 Two Japanese torpedo boats arc reported to bo missing. ' (Pago 4.) Eight transports conveying Japanese troops havo gone to Korea. (Page 4.) Details of tho engagement at Port Arthur on the 14th iiavo been received. (Pago 4.) Denmark lias refused to allow Russia to coal li'er warships at Danish ports. (Page ft,) \- Tho Russian cruiser Bayariu has been soverolv damaged at Port Arthur (Pago 5.) Some Cossacks at Niuchwang have in sulted two Americans and an Englishman. (Pago 5.) . . Many .lapanese scouts arc inspecting, the oouuirv «t the head of tho Gulf of Liao- tung. (Page 5.) Vice- admiral Marakofi has been appointed to command the Russiau fleet on the Pacific coast. (Pago 4.) Tho Russian gunboat Mandjour remains at Shanghai, though sho has been ordered to leuvo. (Pago 4.) Tho spuco abandoned by Russia at tho St. 'Louis Exhibition was immediately secured by Japan. (Pugo 5.) Japan extiects to fight a decisivo battlo against Russia near Kir ill, to tho south of 'Harbin. (Pago 4.) Tho stoauier Kazan, of tho Russian volun teer fleet, baa been but slightly injured .by thu Japanese. .(Page 4,) The statemonf, thut Japaneso warships fired on the Gormau steamer HanHa has been contradicted at Berlin. (Pago 4.) Tho Czar and Czarina witnessed tho de parture of the Russiau regiments now pro ceeding to tho fur east. (Pago 5.) The Jaoancso torpedo boat dostroyers disposed of two Russian warships on tho 14th instant, during a blinding snowstorm. (Pago 4.) Russia, though acquiescing m the principle of Mr. Hay's note,' makes reservations con- corning tho Ohineflo territory leased by Russia.; (Pago 4.). The report that bands of Hunghuses, under Japanese .leaders, are preparing to attack the , Trans-Siberian Railway has been confirmed. - (Paged.) ' Tho death is announced of Lord Alington. (Pago 4.) British Gniana has granted trado pre ference to Great Britain and Canada. (Page 7<) The Australian Agricultural Company has £57,272 to distribute among tho shareholders. (Page 7.) The Austrian aruiser Kaiserin Elizabeth has been, ordered to the Gulf of Po-chi-li. (Pago 5.) The freight dispute between compunies engaged in the Australian trade is nearing a Battlement. (Page 7.) / \- An American warship has landed- marines to quell the disturbanoo at Psjarito, iu Sau Domingo. (Paged.) Mr. Seddon bus been requested to include Manchester in tho Federal Shipping Com pany's ports. (Page 4.) New South Wales 4 pur cent Treasury hills amounting to £500,000 have been placed privateiv at slightly under £99. (Page 7.) Major-general tho Hon. Sir It. Tulbot, the new Governor of Victoria, had an audience with King Edward on Wednesday. (Page 7.) The "Times" urges tho Australian Prima Minister to try to prove that immigrants would bo welcome to Australia equally as in Canuda. (Page 7.) An amendment moved in the House of Commons, affirming thnt it wus inexpedient to introduce Chineso labour into tho Truus- voal until tlic approval of tho colonists lilts been expressed, has been negatived. (Pago 4.) 