Latest Telegrams. KELLY ON TOUR. BobakGate. Tuesdav. Splendid meeting at Condobolin, also at Budjeribong, Mr Hugh Noakes, President of the Farmers' and Settlers' Association, was chairman. Unanimous vote of confi dence. Good meeting at Bogan Gate last night. Mr. Thos. Lee, chairman. Unani mous rote of confidence. '(Mr Kelly will address meetings at Trundle, to-ni»ht, Fifisld, on Wednesday, and Bena, on Friday. Stdnet, Tuesday. Federal Ministers are anxious that Mr Reid should submit his no-confidence mo tion without further deUy, in order to end the present uncertainty. It is reported, however, the opposition leader has resolved not to take action until the Arbitration Bill is disposed of. The Annual Convention of the Pastures Boards opened last night, under the Presi dency of the Minister for Lands, Mr E. W. O'Sullivan, who said he desired to do jus tice to all, and was as willing to give fair play to little as well as big men. Resolu tions were carried to the effect that boards should be (tnpowered to appoint their own Chairman and officers, including inspectors, ft also resolved to urge the amendment of the Brands Act ami Public Watering Places' Act. ' : Good salvage work has been done on the st«amer Australia. The first batch of Sydney cargo arrived yesterday. A coalition Ministry has been formed in South Australia as follows: — 0. G. JenkinB. Premier. Other members of tbe Cabinet are— K. Cutler, R. Hatnberg, and J. Var don. London, Monday. Mr Bennett Bnrleigh, war correspondent, reports that the beseigers of Port Arthur bold Changeiingtse, the mountain key of of the position. A leading journal at Okio hints that if the Port Arthur squadron are allowed to '.take refuge at Kiachau, the Mikado of Japan will consider Germany to be Russia's ally, and will make an appeal in terms of the Anglo-Japanese alliance. Prior to encountering, Admiral Eatni mura at Ikashima, the Russian Admiral seal his totvedo fleet to VladivoBtock. Ad miral Bezabrazof replied to the Japanese fire, and then retired to the norrh-east. The vessels were pursued, but the lights having been extinguished, they disappeared in the darkness. Two Japanese divisions comprising 4000 min were successfully en gaged tor three days assailing Russian positions on the land side of Port Arthur. A iunk. enconnterin? a mine at Mi* month of the Liao Biver, was blown up. Twenty Chinese were killed and twelve wounded. Scandinavians and Finns to the number of 750, including Captain Buck and crew of the Danish immigrant steamer Norge, from Copenhagen to New York, wen lost. 