GENERAL NEWS. Victorian ftlotQS. ? -v ? TBy Onr Special Correspondent.] The refusal of the Federal High Court to grant leave to appeal in the income tax has aroused a good deal of adverse criti cism, and not a little unfavourable com ment. The five tailors of Tooley-street, who issued their historic manifesto, com mencing 'We, the people of England,' were never more roundly ridiculeu than were the five States' Premiers who ventur ed to hazard that they represented the public ouinion of the states. And yet, in spite of the ridicule of the Chief Justice and his colleagues, the Premiers do, in fact, express the public opinion, while that opin ion is unanimously in favour of carrying this matter to the highest legal tribunal in the Empire. Under a strict interpre tation of the Constitution, the High Court was, of course, at liberty to refuse leave to appeal ; but there is nothing in the Con stitution which prevents the states from making a substantive application to the Privy Council itself for permission to ap peal. And this course will be adopted — even though it may, like the journalist com ments on the judgment 'come perilously near high contempt,' as Sir Samuel Grif fith expressed it. It would have been in better taste, too , quite apart from any other urgent considerations, if the Hio-h Court had granted leave. No one ever questioned the unimpeachable integrity and high honour of our Commonwealth judges ; but it cannot be forgotten that, as nublic servants, themselves, they were placed in a position which called for adjudication tipon a ca6e in which they were personally inter ested ; while, from the judicial comments during Mr. Isaacs' application for leave, it was on more than one occasion manifest, that, all unconsciously the judges could not help bearing in mind the political wrangles which accompained the discussion of clause 74 of the Constitution. And why, it is asked, should the High Court elect to be bound by American decisions, when those decisions had been rejected by a Victorian Full Court the members of which are en titled to not one whit less respeot for their learning and authority than the High Court judges? No doubt there is a per fectly honest difference of opinion between the two tribunals; and in all fairness, the Privy Council ought to be made the final arbiter in the case. In any event, it is not likely that the States will sit patiently un der a new principle which cuts at the very foundations of taxation. There is now no . 'equality of burden and benefit' so for as Federal public servants are concerned ; and if the alleged principle is pushed to its lo gical conclusion they will be exempt from municipal and all other rates and taxes. The object of taxation is to raise money for the proper government and control of the community ; and all those who share in' the benefits of government must contribute to the burden according to the extent of their means. That object has been set at nau ght. And if the Privy ouncil takes the same view as the Federal High Court, it will be necessary to devise some other me thod for reaching the Federal, 'ourled dar lings,' whether by alteration of the Con stitution or otherwise. In such complex and extremely important circumstances, the irritation which the High Court jud ges could scarcely conceal during Mr. Is aacs' application was out of place. Either the law, or the practice of its administra tion is defective, and needs prompt amend ment. ? * * # * The Federal Defence 'Scheme which Mr. MfCay has unfolded before Parliament is, on the whole well received. The Minister has-one evident advantage in that he pos sesses an expert knowledge of his subject ? as well as being an enthusiast. And. be yond that, he has all the buoyant confiden ce of youth. Indeed, his 'persuasive cock suredness,' as one member expressed it. convinced, or at least partially convinced many members, almost against their will. It is said that the whole scheme is ex perimental and therefore provokes mis giving. There is no doubt it is experimen tal; but seeing that it follows the princi ple adopted in every other progressive na tion at the present day, and is moulded by analogy on the scheme of the British War Office Committee after a long and critical investigation, Mr. M'Cay'o proposals ou'-ht to be received with considerable favor. Decentralisation is the key-note of the British system, and it is made the key-note of the Federal scheme. The office of G.O.C. is abolished, and in place of it we are to have a Council of Defence, military and naval boards, and an Inspector-General of Forces, who in time of war, will become commander-in-chief. Each member of the Council will have his specially allotted du ties for the performance of which he will be personally responsible. As many of the high positions as possible will be filled by Australians ; while, until such time as a Federal Military College can be advantage ously established, specially chosen officers will continue to be sent to Great Britain for the highest expert training. The Mi nister expressed himself as being only a recent convert to the decentralisation opin ion, but it is much to his credit that he is willing and anxious to profit by, and ap ply, the experiences and advice of the hi ghest military authorities in the Empire And, incidentally, the War Office_ Com \- mittee's observation upon decentralisation is worthy of note. 'It has been said of the first Napoleon,' the report says, 'tlv by the overwhelming force of his person ality he destroyed the initiative and respon sibility of his generals, discovering too late the irreparable loss which was due to his methods. The system under which the British army has been trained hitherto has produced the same result; but the genius of a Napoleon has been absent. We have therefore endeavoured to devise a scheme so carefully decentralised that the sense of responsibility must in time be brought home to individuals, and that incompetence must be realised. There can be no doubt that the lack of initiative which can 'be traced directly to the defects in our mili tary administration was a source of weak ness to our armies in South Africa.' Much the same reasoning applies to Federal def fenee, and Mr. M'Cay has had the fore sight to perceive how essential this inde pendent initiative must be in providing for the ready defence of a huge continent; sparsely populated, and with only indiffer ent facilities for speedy transport. The new scheme is sure to be keenly criticised by soldiers and civilians alike ; and we may depend upon it that any doubtful portions of the system will be be modified during the discussion in Parliament, while the good ones will be carried out in clear and full detail, on which its success or failure will entirely depend. * * * * * A little done, and well done, should be the aim of the Federal and States' Pre miers at the Tasmanian Conference in Feb ruary. Those who recollect the phenome nally long list of subjects with which the last Conference proposed to deal ,and who remember the microscopic proportions of the actual results, wil not find much room for gratification at Mr. Reid's present sug gestions. Apparently he intends to traver se the whole of the debatable ground be tween the Commonwealth and tne States ; and, if so, no one will be surprised if he ef fects an agreement upon none of them. It 'would be well to start with the view that each one of the States looks with in creasing suspicion upon the National Le gislature, and is determined at all hazards to curtail rather than extend the Federal powers. We have little or no sympathy with the States' claim to 'Sovereign rights,' nor have we any material respect for that 'State dignity' of which so much has been made. Those are paltry matters which would right themselves if the Com monwealth was to be trusted, as it oughl to be. But when we see an utterly incom petent Federal Legislature, which in admi nistrative and general ability is a scorn and a reproach even amongst the meanest of the States' Parliaments, endeavouring to embarrass the States on any and every oc casion possible, the Premiers may certainly be pardoned when they accept all Federal assurances with eaution and even suspicion* It was assumed, when Federation was ac complished, that the financial credit of Australia as a whole would be enhanced : but that assumption has been thus far en tirely falsified. It depended chiefly upon the federalisation of the States' debts — which are, in reality, the national debt of the Commonwealth and it was part of the arrangement for federation that those debts should be taken over as soon as pos sible. Instead of that, all sorts of quibbles and legal and financial subtleties have been raised, until at length consolidation seems further off than ever. If the Conference would settle this matter alone it would achieve really patriotic ends; though, as appearances go, it will register a few pious opinions upon the iniquity of debt in gene ral, and upon the borrowing proclivities and extravagance of the mother state in particular; after which it will disperse to consider new perplexities and hindrances to a future consolidation. Then there is the High Commissionership ; the inaugau ration in conjunction with the States of an immigration policy ; and the promotion of Australian interests at home and abroad by a policy based on Federal and State co operation. Will these vital matters fizzle out in idle talkP Or will the Premiers, for once in a while, check the temptation to unreasonable prolixity, and get down to hard, solid work? Past performances un fortunately hold out no future promise : though if the Prime Minister would restrict his notice paper to, say, half a dozen sub jects — instead of half a hundred — a cer tain amount of work might be done. » * * * * Deputations sometimes accomplish use ful ends, but not often. Disraeli defined a deputation as 'a noun of multitude meaning many, but not signifying much,' vand the definition seems to have oeen per petuated in the customary attitude of Ministers towards them. When the depu tation which concerned fEself with the 'subsidary inductries' waited upon Mr. Watson, as Prime Minister, it met with the customary courtesy and idle promises ; a little interchange of opinion respecting fiscal possibilities, and the desirability of 'fostering industry,' was the sum total, which certainly did not 'signify much.' But when the same deputation recently waited upon Mr. M'Lean, the Minister of Customs, a much more satisfactory and reassuring result was achieved. The Mi nister, who is a staunch protectionist and who is subject to no caucus ties like his Labour predecessor, expressed the hearti est approval of the suggestion to establish such minor industries as flax, hemp, and cotton growing, olive cultivation and the like. He is prepared, with the sanction of Parliament, to assist each of these with bonuses — and a possible alteration of the tariff ; while he lias undertaken to bring the matter before the Federal House at the earliest opportunity. Meanwhile, he has called for further particulars ; statistics, and general information which shall enablo him to grapple with the question in a tho roughly prnoticiil manner. As is usual in such cases, he is confronted with r-]\ (.ho old platitudes concerning the impossibility of 'the Commonwealth competing against foreign countries, and it is urged that, un der the Australian conditions of labour, no bonus could ever hope to make any of the 'subsidiary industries' pay. But that is, perhaps, a matter for consideration in re viewing the tariff. America and Germany have found no exceptional difficulty in so adjusting their particular duties, and in offering their bounties, as to enable them to give the minor industries a thoroughly good start. And neither of those coun tries could compare with ths Common wealth in climatic and material advantages The experiments which have been made by the most competent experts, and which were brought to the ajfehtion of the Mi nister, show that ?e^e'al highly profitable and exceedingly prosperous minor irdus tries could be established at very little initial cost to the nation. And seeing that the national future depends so largely upon the number and nature and variety of the Kroducts which it raises from the soil, the [inister's expressed intention to consider the question as of vital and immediate im portance is in every sense gratifying. Q he over- courteous Labor leader premised a great deal, and did nothing ; th » Minister of Customs proposes nothing definite, but appearances justify the anticipation that he will accomplish muoh. a # * » ? The interim report of the Butter Com mision is well received, and it will appa rently be promptly acted upon. Victorian butter producers are now considering a scheme whereby the recommendations of the Commissioners may receive the fullest effect; and when the draft of it has been knocked into shape by means of sugges tions by the various leading asociations, factories, and producers in the State, a meeting is to be held in Melbourne to fin ally approve and act upon it. The meet ing, which was held last week, under the chairmanship of the Minister of Agricul ture was, perhaps, a little premature. It was scarcely representative of the whole of the butter producers and farmers; nor had those present had time to digest the sixteen carefully considered suggestions made by the Commission. The main part of the report is devoted to a detailed ex planation of the methods whereby the un fortunate producers may be freed from the rascally greed of the fraudulent middle man. The first necessity is for the esta blishment of an 'open exchange,' conduct ed on nearly the same lines as the wool market. Printed tests of the quantities and grades to be sold should be made avai1 able, and the sellers should draw for pri ority of position. Then there is the momen tous question of grading and Government, certificates, to which the representative of an English importing firm''made such significant allusion; the reduction of tem perature, and the reduction of freight. The exorbitant freight rate of £7 per ton gives a handsome pront to the steam ship companies, but seriously hampers Aus tralian producers in competing against Danish, Siberian, Canadian, and Argentine products. But this rate can readily be ad justed now that the plunder of the butter shippers and agents has been exposed and checked. And, beyond that again, the dirty and disgusting methods of carrying butter to the ship's side in uncleaned fish and meat trucks — which may, as someone remarks , accounts for the constant com plaints of 'fishiness' of Australian butter — will be discontinued. It is due to Mr. Tait and his colleagues to say that tney had already determined — before the re port was issued— that this practice must cease. The question of punishing tne ro gues who have so systematically robbed the confiding farmer stands over until the final report is issued. « « » e o Reform in penal administration will en gage the attention of the State Premier during the recess. He has called for, and been supplied with} the chief expert sug gestions of the Criminology Society, and it is his intention to study them closely with a view to embodying some or all of them in statutory form when Parliament re- assembles. The leading suggestions are those of the much-discussed indeterminate sentence ; and the regeneration of criminals during their incarceration. It will, of course, be necesary for Mr. Bent to avoid extremes. Experiments in penal adminis tration have been carried to rather start1 - ing limits in America which have provok ed indignation. The criminals educated and trained there are provided with luxu ries by which the wicked man is to be turn ed from his evil ways. 'But,' says a caus tic critic, 'these luxuries did not grow spon taneously, nor did they fall like manna heaven. They were provided for the use and delight of the criminal by the thrift, the labor, the self-denial of the law-abiding men. Granting all that the fanatics cf criminal pampering claim for their results — even granting that a certain small pro portion of scoundrels might by a course of Turkish baths and lectures on English li terature, and the study of Plato, as carried out at Elmira, be weaned for a time at least from a career of crime — is the game worth the candle? Andjs it worth spend ing thousands of pounds in turning a few criminals into indifferent citizens r ' In some of the American reformatories, eccen tricity is pushed altogether beyond rhyme and reason, and we are told that the 'in- mates are supplied with table napkins, and are permitted to play cards l There is 'an absence of any martinet spirit, and the relations between officers and prisoners are free and easy.' Mr. Bent and his ool leaguos are not likely to be guilty of any such follies as these. What we dosiro, and what we must insist upon, is that habi tual offenders, who have deliberately chos en a life of crime after counting the cost, shall be permanently shut up, though with a possibility of regaining their freedom when the authorities are fully satisfied that their criminal instincts have been finally overcome. That is a remote pos sibility, no doubt; but is the community to be a constant prey to these human tigers who, under bur pres&nt; barbarous system, - are from time to time deliberately set loose after a more or less extended incar ceration? The treatment of first offenders might with advantage be modelled on that of some of the United States. The parole system of conditional liberation has pro duced excellent results in the Northern States. No prisoner is released until he has obtained promise of employment, and he is carefully examined and watched^ not by the police, but by a specially appointed board. And if he misconducts himself dur ing the period for which, as a first offen- ? der, he was sentenced,, he may be rear rested and made to serve his term in a gaol specially set apart for such offenders. There is no herding with old and hardened criminals, and the first offender in a large percentage of cases has been found to re deem his character and take his place as a law-abiding member of the community. There is no more pressing problem in Vic toria to-day than that of criminal treat ment ; it is in fact, far more urgent than many of those purely political matters over which so much precious time is wasted ; and hence Mr. Bent is acting for the highest good of the community in giving the mat ter immediate attention. ? A very different attitude from that adopted by his phleg matic and utterly incapable predecessor, Mr. Murray. * » ???.?#?'? To foster rural- industry, and to encour age people out on to the land ander the most advantageous conditions, ought to be one of the principal aims of every State Legislature. Moreover, to thoroughly and completely equip our young farmers and producers with the latest scientific pro cesses and general agricultural education, is manifestly in the direct line of our in dustrial and national evolution. The Urn versity Commission realised this when it recommended the prompt establishment of a Chair of Agriculture at our Victorian seat of learning ; and it must be placed to Mr. Bent's credit that he is determin ed to carry that suggestion into effect. It was said that the fundamental mistake in our attitude towards the producing indus tries is that we have, too little imagina tion to realise the scope they afford for the exercise of mental capaoity. And the com plaint is well founded. Tha insistent man ual labor of each day is patent to everybody but the farmer, as a rule, gets very little allowance for the amount of thought and character he puts into a year's operations. He may not perhaps have as much time as the shabby genteel and miserably paid city clerk to devote to the study of the comic press, or to attendance at pony races and theatres, and he may even at times offend the acute susceptibilities of 'smart society' by draping his shanks in pants that shock the aesthetic taste of the city dude. And he may even grow a great brown manly fist by grasping the plough, instead of keeping his fingers white Dy quill-driving and manicure1. But why sho uld trifles such as these create the popular misconception that the farmer's life can offer no career for a young man of ambi tion P That they have done so hitherto is beyond question. We witness the de plorable sight of the free selector's stal wart-sons tumbling over one another in a wild .rush to enter the civil service, the railways, or one of the learned professions. And it has become common knowledge that at many a country station on our non paying lines a fairly capable young farmer is kicking his heels in idleness half the day as a porter ; while thousands of others are enticed from their natural and profitable calling on the land to swell the ranks of briefless barristers, and blundering physi cians in the cities and large towns. The proposed University course in Agriculture should operate as an antidote to this; and when our young farmers begin to realise its immense importance and exceptional utility, that course is likely to be very much patronised. The details of the scheme and the framing of a comprehensive curri culum is to be left to the University au thorities ; but they will be directed to fol low as closely as possible the excellent sys tems in use in the United States and Great Britain. And as far as is deemed essen tial, the course prescribed by the Director of Agriculture in his farmers' sons' classes will be adopted* o » ? « ? Factories legislation is no doubt an ex cellent means whereby the average worker may obtain a fair day's wage for a fair clay's work. But in those trades in which Chinese labor is enabled to oompete with white labor, the difficulty has already been to detect and prevent the treachery of the Oriental, who is an adept at evading the law and undercutting his white competi tor. The chow lives on the smell of an oil rag, and will work early and late for the paltriest wage; and he sells his shoddy wares to the white retailer at a price which enables the latter to do without the pro ducts of the white worker. Of course, all this is very wrong, and very unlawful withal ; but the factories' inspectors have experienced the utmost difficulty in over coming the cunning and ingenuity of the Chinese employers and workers. Hence, a bill to amend the Victorian Factories and Shops Act has been circulated with a view to dealing effectively with unfair Chines© competiton, especially in the furni ture and laundry trades. Chinese em ployers and employes will henceforth be li censed, the licences to have a ourrency of twelve months and be renewed before the 31st December each year. Chinese fac tories and workrooms must be absolutely closed and locked between 6.15 p.m. and 7 a.m. on ordinary days, and from 2.16 p.m. on Saturdays to 7.30 a.m. on the following Mondays. This pill '' put '':» Slo$ i8 (lie practice 6* ' 'liyifffe on the premises'— aid working in the small hours of the 'morning while the inspectors are abed. -Moreover, Chinese ?faorltaen will need in future to he employed in rooms that are visible from a public place or right of way — sO that there will be no future 'building in' of windows to prevent the ubiquitous inspectors f rom. detecting the of fenders; It remains to be seen whether John Chinaman will be equal to the ooea y sion, and circumvent the new provisions. The general opinion Seems to.be that he will find sonie way of maintaining his repu tation fdr ingenious trickery The Labor garty is said tb' favor the closing of all Ohiriese factories', .and placing the yellow workers iih'der white employer j- or task masters; but perhaps their objections might be met by offering the unsavory duties of 'task-master' to Labor members themselves, at a salary slightly in ad vance of that which they now receive from the State for making silly pug^'i'ons in Parliament. Certainly such Labor ' 'repre- sentative's'' as Messrs.- Solly and Ba'nnah, to name no others? could pe tetter em ployed than in wasting time in Parliament. 