AMERICAN AFFAIRS. THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION. A QUIET CAMPAIGN. (From our Special Correspondent.) New York. September 2, 1904. Day by day the election comes nearer; and as the hope grows stronger that there will be no trouble and that one candidate or the other-it does not matter greatly which-will, with the consent of all men, peacefully take his place in the lengthening line of Presidents, the stock market gets buoyant, factories and mills and foundries patch up plants and machiuery ,and. mus- tering all the good men they can find, put them back on short time just to keep things in good shape for a coming great boon, and in thousands of offices, lawyers, and pro- motors, busily organise new industries, soinc good, many doubtful or bad, but all ready to ficat fortli like beautiful silken bal- loons into the unclouded post-election em- pyrean. No one in this election is paying attention to the politicians; and the comic poets and prose wits of the newspapers, print numberless gibes at pirtisan endea- vors to drive a wedge into "General Apathy" and his supporting battalions. The drums beat noisily in front of the rival circus-halls, but few wayfarers can be lured within. Of course, the reason is that in this canvass there seems so far to be nothing to get excited about. Kight years ago the country was wild over the quotion of two kinds of currency or one: four years ago there was the same fierce enthusiasm either to stamp out "Bryanism" or to defend it; but now, what is there? As Senator Bailey, for years the democratic leader in the House, has just said, no sane Democrat believes in suddenly or violently changing the tariff. Indeed, it might be said further there are perhaps as many Democrats who want to keep the tariff as it is as there are .Repub- licans who want to see it changed. Trusts and corporations?-for every Republican in- terested in them there is also a Democrat;, and in this city upon the direction boards of every great enterprise the parries seem certainly to be evenly represented, and these men, when they separate after a bad meeting, often go to the several political headquarters and take places as counsel- lors "and leaders in formal meetings of their parties. The two men who organised the obnoxious merger of the transcontinental railroada were Mr. Pierpont Morgan, the Republican, and Mr. Hill (by birth a Canadian), an ingrained, dyed-in-the-wool Democrat. Mr. August Belmont and Mr. Cord Meyer, who next to ex-Senator Hill, did most to bring about the nomination of Judge Parker are respectively the American agent of the Rothschilds and an active vice-president of the sugar trust. Next to Mr. Morgan in the affairs of the coal trust are Mr. Baer and Mr. Cassatt, the presi- dents of the Reading and Pennsylvania railroads (representing jointly nearly £200,000,000 capital), who are by inheri- tance and conviction ardent Democrats. Behind everyone of diese men, and of the scores of other leaders of the same rank, lhere stands a great following of inves- tors in, and of employes of, their enterprises who hold a relation to them like that of clients to a Roman patron; and, again, be- hind each one of these, an ever broaden- ing group of kinsmen, friends and depen- dents. If there were any sharp line be- tween rich and poor, such as speculative socialists postulate, the rich would, of course, soon be outnumbered and over- powered and unmercifully plundered. But anyone who will take the trouble to follow out the connections of a wealthy American family (clan, or gens, in most cases would be the better word), will soon see why manifest evils and abuses show such stub "born strength. Of course, -"then conditions are very bad there is usually a movement for reform even among some of those wlio benefit by tfierii, and that is the way in which many, if not most, reforms are ac- complished. But the point of all this is that the conception apparently current in many quarters abroad that the rich and well-to-do are the Republican party and the' poor and needy the Democratic party is an utter misconception of the truth. If Judge Parker should by good fortune, and against odds, be elected bia receptions and dinners and other social functions will be just as rigidly fixed by established proprie- ties as are those of Mr. Roosevelt. ' Foreign Policy. ' So, too, in that which most interests th outside world-the foreign policy of th: country-the difference between Parkt and Roosevelt will be one of degree and ne of kind. Parker attempted ten days ag to make an issue by declaring in a ver positive manner that the Filippinos wet entitled as an inalienable right' to sel government; and when some friend-a cynics say, inspired by the Parker advanc agent-said, "and that means?" repliei "absolute independence."- But that, ac -cording to Judge Taft, a member of th Cabinet', is exactly what Mr. Roosevelt als desires-that is, when the people of th Philippines have been educated up to th point of knowing how to get what the want, or think they want, in a proper wa; Mr. Beecher 40 years ago ridiculed thos who doubted the wisdom of giving the ei franchised negroes votes by saying ths every man learned to do better by doirj badly first; nor could any man lear to' swim unless he ventured into th water and spluttered and thrashed his wa into a knowledge of what to do and how t do it; and Mr. Beecher's reasoning woul« certainly apply os well to the Filippino a to the negro. " Still, the sad -experience o 40 years has shown that the franchise ha been not a blessing, but a curse to th negro-not because Mr. Beecher was en tirely mistaken, for so far as his rensoninj applied to immigrants, who, he said, firs voted wrong, then squinted at a right vote and the next year voted it and shillaloe« one or more others into voting it also, it i not very distant from the truth; but bs causo the racial, difficulty in the case of clx negro is practically unconquerable. Thi European immigrant is bone of the Canea sian bone and'flesh of his flesh, and easilj conforms to the prevailing type or brings others to conform to his; in the case of ibu negro and the Filippino, the relationship though perhaps equally real, is certainlj farther removed. ' Germany and America. Tlie net result of this abstract- discussion has made it clear that Judge Parker isin favor of immédiate liberation-throwing the Filippino« out into the street.' as old man Weller did Sam-while the President would keep them as wards in chancery un- til they had gone through college and taken a post- graduate course. Perhaps the mid- dle course would be the wisest. But. in fact, it is the Senate Foreign (iimmitteo that really decides these things; and while to the Filippinos will be conceded each year a larger liberty, they will certainly be re- quired, before receiving fidl independence to sh'»w what prudent men would regard as plain prcof of having arrived at years of discretion. And in other matters-^ Panama. San Domingo. Venezuela, the Hudson's Bay controversy-it is the con- tinuous council of the Senate Committee (some of whom have served for nearly 30 years, and all of whom have been at least six years in tlie Senate before nppoint mentl, tliat must make the final décision, although a very' strenuous' President may "sometimes do things that the committee wish should never have been done and that they could undo if they would, but whieïi they deem it best to acquiesce in. The gravest present danger is friction with Ger- many, over Venezuela or San Domingo, or some other one of the many ever-occurring new occasions of diplomatic protest to that Power. This country lias herself a very ugly dilute _ with Venezuela, but none the less has yielded her rights for the sake of ridding that coun- try of the claims winch, by a judgment of" the Hague tribunal, were-against American expert opinion-held to be pre- ferred. Two-thirds of the Anglo-German debt have been already paid, and although 10 years remain in which to discharge the rest,'it will be wiped out in" about two years more. That, as is hoped, will end for ever all connection between Venezuela and European bankers; probably, if the truth were known, a compact to that effect exists between Washington and Caraccas. There are, however, other acute controver- sies, in one of which both Americans and englishmen figure as joint claimants against a rival body of, so far as is known, a solid mass of American stock- holders. A Venezuelan court, of notoriously corrupt construction, has given judgment against one of these sets of parties; and now what can be done about it? If an American court, even if open to suspicion, gave judg- ment against European claimants, Ameri- cans would undoubtedly, as they often .haïe dune. _. jj» pasfc'as a, majtei; of ^ naüonal honor, uphold the court at all hazards. How can the United States, either: alone or in concert jwith Great Britain, a»sume the role-that is, consistently-of a director of the conscience« of other peoples? If re-elected, no doubt, Mr, Roosevelt will cut the knot, but what would the trained lawyer, Parker, do about it? European Claims on San Dqmingo. In San Domingo the situation is worse* The authorities have fooled everybody, and; there are now outstanding 26,000,1X10 dollars in bonds held by Europeans, while Germany claims also a large further amount for damages and insult. If Germany should' occupy a San Domingo port without first; obt-iiiiiiig the consent of the United States there will certainly be trouble: but, as a. precautionary, measure, every Germa» I eiuUer in American waters is shadowed, constantly and without concealment, hy] American vessels of distinctly -upertor scrcugth. Bankrupt as she is, San Doming» is a fairly good customer; «and this com rry sells more to her than any I body else does, probably because j American merchants take their pay. i la-gely in what is practically 'bar i ter. The interest of Germany is mainly an 1 selling to the San Domingans rice>-5,000 tons al about 80 dollars a ton. Petty as ia the trade is now, San Domingo is live times i larger than Porto Rico, and half as large 39 Cuba, and as fertile as either, and with -table government would become wealthy, " "Tieyond the dreams of avarice." Still, this country has already once refused, formally, ; to annex it, although General Grant niadq the necessary treaty and sent it to the Senate with a strong commendatory mes- sage; for there seemed to be no way to an- nex the island without granting full Ameri- can citizenship to its inhabitants, and thafr «eemed extremely unwise and inexpedient. As to St. Tliomas, the American Senate was willing to annex it, but the Danish Parlia- ment said.no; and rumor savs that having; indirectly prevented the cession of the . island to thi« country", when the Kaiser sought to be allowed to estab- lish there ,a German naval station, this was at once even more strenuously 'vetoed by Mi-. Hay, who declared both to Den- mark and to Germany that it would be taken as an unfriendly act. That ended the matter, but, as is believed, it was also followed by a breaking off of the negotia- tions for the marriage between the, German Crown Piince and the daughter of ¡ the Crown Prince of Denmark. And at 'last, after years of delay, the statue of Frederick the Great, which, unsolicited, was pre- sented by the Kaiser to the Washington authorities, and to avoid the' receipt o£ which all sorts of shifts have been resort- ed to. is now on its way to the new world, not in a war vessel, as was expected, but "as freight in one of the Hamburg-American steamers, consigned to Ambassador von Sternburg, and therefore at the cost of the, German Government. It is not to be placed in any public square or street, for - that . would probably mean that within 24 hours it would be destroyed, but in the War Col- lege at Washington, where statues' o£ Cassar, Alexander the Great, and Napoleon will be found in the same group, i '- - Naval Activity^ Two great ships have just been launched from .American yards. One of" them-the Louisiana-is a- battleship, ranking almost highest in tonnage and the very highest in armament, carrying 4 12-ineh guns in the fofe and aft turrets, and 8 8-inch guns to complete the main battery, and besides, 20 3-inch rapid-fire rifles, throwing ' 14-lb. ex- plosive shells, 12 3-pounder ¡-emi-autömatic guns 2 3-inch field guns, and 8 machine guns for the fighting tops. A sister shin> the Connecticut, will be launched at tha end of the month. Also, the monster freight \ vessel of Mr. Hill's Great Northern rail- way, the Minnesota-the queen of the Paci- fic-has at last taken the water. She ia shorter than the four White Star cham- pion-freighters; and the Kaiser Wilhelm li. and the Deutschland are deeper than either she or they, but she takes the palra in tonnage capacity-22,000 tons. She was built at the Groton yard, at Newhaven, Connecticut, and after stopping at Phila- delphia to be inspected by all the freight people of the Atlantic coast-700 invitations have been sent out. and the viands and, the wines and the music will be of the best-< she will sail forth for en unbroken voyage aronnd the Horn to Seattle-15.000 rmlei-¡ trying her best to ,beat the wonderful re* ' cord of the Oregon in the Spanish war. Wien the canal is ready to be opened-say six years hence-the Pacific 'roads have- . planned to be in readiness to keep out com- petitors for the1 Isthmian route, and to unite that traine to the swifter traffic across the continent. The only rival would - be the Canadian line, and as that is a stock company, control of it is simply a matter of price. Upon the Atlantic the ( buying of too many lines at too high a price ended in loss-at any rate, for th« , time being-bat upon the Pacific thereA is . practically a virgin field. The main busi' ness of the new lines will be in selling U > Japan and China grain, cotton, and maize¿ and in taking from there matting, porcelain, fans, fire-crackers, sandals, and other gooda of that sort, which this country is unable herself to produce, and which may there- fore properly be admitted free. , / American Sunday-Schools. Australians, of course, know thafc the World's Fourth Sunday-school Convention was held last April in Jerusalem. But ,t,he statistics as to American Sunday- schools prepared for that memorable assembly have onlv just been published. Out of tha world's total of 23,442,000 Protestant Sun« day-«chool scholars America has 11,500,000^ with 140,000 schools and 1.150,000 teacher» -one teacher to every 10 scholars-this last fact being, no doubt. the one most impor- tant factor of all in what everybody recog- nises as the wonderfully far-reaching and in-reaching influence of American Sunday, schools. What the scholars are taught by word of mouth is fruitful, but far more so« is the close mutual relation between the teacher and the taught-the little parties at the homes of one or the' other on days of birth or days of thanksgiving, and all manner of like functions and ministries.. The smaller the class the better should be the teaching and the closer the tie. It waa a Gloucester Englishman. Robert Raikes. who m 1780 started the first Sunday-school, but as early as 1790 Bishop White and1 Matthew Carey founded like schools at Philadelphia, and before the war of 1812 b'rokf. out the great union was established which has had so potent an agency in spreading Sunday-schools and Sunday-school work in the United States. 