CREAM OF THE CABLE. General Trotha, commander of the forces operating against the insurgent natives in German South-west Africa, has asked for a further 1000 troops. Messrs. Alphonse, Giwtave, and Esmond Rothschild propose to devote 10,0^0,000 francs to the erection of che.ip flats for the accommodation of Parks workmen.. Revelations made by Major-General Lord Dundonald as to 'the condition of pre paredness in the United States far an in vasion of Canada has caused considerable excitement in military circles. Kermode, the New South Wales crick eter, who has recently qualified to play for i^ancashire, made hu* debut in English country cricket last week. Playing for Jjancashire against Somerset, he took live wickets for 63 runs. The estate of the late Sir Henry Stan ley, the fan.o.is txplorer, is valued at £143,451. A bill introduced by Eafl Beauchamp, to enable women to become members of County and Borough Councils, was re jetted in the House of Lords by 57 votes to 38. Ten thousand workmen have been dis charged from the Baldwin locomotive works at Philadelphia, owing to shortness of oiders. Twenty girls were killed by an explosion of fireworks at the Diamond Light Sup ply Company's factory at Philadelphia. While workmen were rercoving sand from a conduit supplying water to the electric works at Kingston, Jamaica, the water was carelessly turned on, and thirty three were drowned. General Macdonald has arrived with re inforcements at Gyantse, in Thibet, and after a stiff fight/ the Thibetan village was captured. General Macdonald expelled the Thi betans from all their other positions in the valley, though the British force was opposed by rifle Are and heavy volleys of stone. News is to. hand that the Thibetan dele gates from Lhassa, whose names are Tongsa and Penlop, have now arrived in Colonel Younghusband's camp at Gyantse, and they declare that they are in earnest in soliciting terms. A mouument erected in memory of the French oflicers and itoldiers who fell in the battle of Waterloo was unveiled on the battlefield, in the presence of 50,000 spec tators. The French Chamber of Deputies, ignor ing the protests of the Minister tor War, has abolished the six days' annual train ing of the troops of the territorial army. Colonel Blooinfield Gough, who fought in the Boer war, has been killed in a car riage accident at Kelso. in Scotland. King Edward has been welcomed with great enthusiasm at Hamburg, where he visited the Bourse, and took luncheon with the Burgomaster. King Edward, accompanied by the Em peror William, inspected the entire German fleet at Kiel. Speaking at a subsequent banquet, the . King expressed a hope that the British and German fleets would always stand in friendly relationship. ". King Edward's* embarkation at Kiel on Wednesday night was made the occasion of a highly picturesque scene. Owing to the obstructive amendments on the Licensing Bill in the House of Com mons, Mr. Ballour intends to move the closure by compartments. A number of members opposed to Mr. Chamberlain's policy have seceded from the Liberal Unionist Club, and formed a new organisation called the Unionist Free trade Club. The De Forest Company have entered into a contract with the United Suite* Go vernment to establish a number of ether gram stations. In accordance with the finding of the coroner's jury in connection with the dis aster on the excursion steamer General Slocum, at New York, eleven persons, in chitting directors of the company and the captain and mate of the steamer, have been arrested, charged with manslaughter in the second degree. Mr. Kent Loomis, who was the bearer of a treaty between the United States and Abyssinia, left New York for England, but on -the arrival of the steamer at Plymouth he had disappeared, and is supposed to have been drowned. While the Delfin, Russia's best submarine boat, was preparing to undergo her trials on the Neva, she sank prematurely, owing to being excessively manned by an inex perienced crew, and a lieutenant and twenty jnen were drowned- Twelve of the crew were saved through the rush of es caping air blowing them through the man hole. . The honorary degree of LL.D. has been formally conferred on Mr.' W. H. Irvine, late Premier of Victoria, by the Univer sity of DubVn. A number of Japanese immigrants who had arrived at Victoria, in British Columbia, made an attempt to swim ashore from the steamer Shawmut in order to erade the Exclusion Act lately passed by the British Columbia Legis lature, and four were drowned. Mr. Arnold-Forster, Secretary of State for War, stated in the House of Commons that the War Office intended to spend £1,300,000 in providing new pattern guns for the horse and field batteries during 1005. While Lord and Lady Dudley and party were motoring in Donegal, the car upset, and Lady Dudley was Badly cut, but the others escaped. • Mr. Reeves,-*Cew Zealand Agent-General, has interviewed Mr. Lyttelton, Secretary of State for the Colonies, with regard to the expulsion of Mr. Kenneth Harper from San Francisco, and his imprisonment at Hawaii, and was informed that communi cations were being exchanged with the United States Government respecting New Zealand's claim for recompense. Prophet Dowie has been elaborately wel comed on hie return to Zion City. Three French officers have been arrested, charged with the falsification of docu ment* in connection with the Dreyfus cue. A heavy hailstorm and hurricane at Mos cow did considerable damage in the city, and also destroyed several village* in the vicinity, 153 people being killed, and eighty five "injured. " France has undertaken to reorganise the Moroccan police at Tangier, and maintain onicr. ; The Moors are exasperated at the im pending advent of French authority, and the British residents are petitioning Lord Lansdowne for protection. Mr. Arthur Rooke, a London solicitor, while mountaineering in Switzerland, was killed through falling into n crevasse. Eight torpedoes exploded in the Russian arsenal at Cronstadt. but no damage was done. The German Emperor will pny a return visit to King Edward in August, and will be accompanied by.the Grennan fleet. A rocket exploded on the cruiser Juno, which was escorting the King's yacht from Kiel., and two men were lulled. The British Exchequer receipts for th* first quarter of the present financial year show a falling off of £2,696,231. During the past year 21,871 summonses were issued in Great Britain against "pas sive resisters" jn connection with the col lection of the rates under the Education Act. . Mr. G. F. Watts, the distinguished Eng- V«h artist, has died in his 85th year. Violent scenes occurred in the House of Commons on Mr. Balfour moving his reso lution to closure the Licensing Bill by compartments. Three hundred workmen's delegates from various parts of the United King dom are about to visit Paris. The German Chambers of Commerce have requested the London International Commercial Association to arrange for a visit to Germany by delegates from the British Chambers. Herr Schultz end Herr Romerich, direc tors of a German bank, have been sen tenced for breach of trust and manipu lation of balance sheets. A French civilian official is going to Tangier as financial adviser to the Sultan of Morocco. A Bulgarian band at Djigorovo Serres murdered a Greek notable, burned tb* members of his family alive, and disem bowelled two neighbours. Police sergeant Charteris has been sen tenced at Capetown to two years herd labour, and to receive fifteen lashes, for receiving money from houses of ill fume. General Booth has been offered on rea sonable terms an island containing 1,000,060 acres, with 30,000 buffaloes, for the pur poses of the Salvation Army social work. A sailor named Carter, who recently returned to England from a voyage to Australia, has been arrested in connec tion with the stealing of the Nelson rctica from the Royal Naval College at Green wich, in December, 1900. Earthshqcks have been fek at Derby. Sheffield, and other towns in England, and building* were shaken. 'Mrs. Maybrick will be finally released from prison at the end of the present month. ' " • • - Russia has cordially accepted an offer made by Great Britain to protect tb« Behrinz Sea fisheries, and arrest any marauding vessels, in the absence of Rus sian cruisers. This arrangement has been welcomed at St. Petersburg as an evideab* of the good understanding between the two Powers. Two Parliamentary elections have tak«n place in Cape Colony under the Additional Representation Act, and resulted in ths return of Progressive candidates. The Somali Mullah has now a force of 8000 men, with 2000 nflea and large sup plies of ammunition.' - The American Naval Inspection Board recommend the adoption of torpedo boats with heavier machinery and less speed, to replace the present MMcnot boats, which are considered to be liable to break down. The Danish emigrant steamer Norge, bound from Copenhagen to" New York, has been wrecked, and it is feared that upwards of 750 Scandinavians and Finns, including the captain of the vessel and th« bulk of the crew, have been drowned. The Budget Committee of the French Chamber of Deputies has suppressed the Estimates for the French Embassy at the Vatican. French newspapers state that the Rus sian battleship Navarin was rammed by the old ironclad Netron Menla at Cron stad't and seriously damaged. 