TUBE' ?:? HORGE. - OISASTER FEARFUL LOSS OF LIFE, HEART-RB*NI-1KU SCENES, NOBLE ACTS OF SELF-SACRH?1ICE. 700 LIVES LOST. LONDON, Tuesday. 'Later particulars of tho wreck of t'ho Danish immigrant steamer r'Niorgo and hor sinking show that tho crow num ibored 68 and tho passengers 694. Captain Gundoll sank with lids ship, but was rescued after swimming an hour UiiU U- lliUl VVJI/U UJ1V VUgJWAa. The saved includo eight members of the crew and 128 passengers. Captain Gundoll and tho officers and crow 'behaved splendidly, tout tho vessel settling down to tho water's odgo in 10 minutes and sinking in aoiother 10 min utes rendered kail discipline useless and unavailing. . Tho passengers wore aroused from sloop a't 8.30 a.m., and on .their reaching tho decK a desperate nglit . took place lor, seats in tho boats, thTcet of which woro dashed to pieces, adding ta tho panic that existed on tho deck, where many instances of self-sacrifice took place. When fcho lifeboat, which was later rescued by . tho Grimsby trawler, was swung.ou't from th© /Norgo, a Swedish youth of 17 years, who had a seat in. tho ?boat,1 'ex'oladmed 'Wliero ie my sister?' and stepped 'back to find hor. ' Ho found her engaged in prayer, and took hor and placed her dm hie place in 'tlio boat, wav iin'g hor farewell. Another officer, fin-!ing tho 'boat in which ho was overweighted, jumped into the eea and tried to swim to another ?boat, but sank. HeaTt- ronding scenes took place oni tho deck 'before the ship finally sank. that had lifebelts around them', but who had died from exposure in tho water. There were 200 children aboard tho vessel. The immigrants consisted, of Taibourors who were laviafling themselves o'f thol60/ faro, also some (Polish Jows who. wore escaping from service in 'tho (Far East. Tho captain and orew wont down with the ship with folded arms. Captain Gundoll declares that tlio ship stTUCK a sunKcn tock lo muos irom ?Rockale. Tlio seven (boate wore speedily lowered and tho lifebelts served out. Thirty-four children, 15 women, and 52 males were landod at Stornaway, and received overy attention and clothes and money to re sumo their journey. 