GENERAL CABLE NEWS. LONDON, March 31. Their Majesties the King and Queen have arrived at Copenhagen where they have been accorded an ovation from the Danish populace The training ship Black Prince has been renamed Emerald as a compliment to the Irish people V bad day for the bank is recorded from Monte Carlo In one day play the tables lot one million francs I £10 0001 The majority of the Combe- Almi tor in r range which has shown s for at dwindling of late was only SO on a motion expressing confidence in AI Pdletan s administration of the navy The British Central African protectorate and after April 1 go over from the Foreign Office to the control of the Colonial Office The French Chamber of Deputies has vod 1,000,000 francs ( 50 000 for the relief of the buffer" from the cyclone at Reunion An appalling accident is recorded from Granton Pennsylvania A squib thrown into a stove at the D c' on squib factory caused a terrible explosion which resulted in the death of Io girls The Rugby football team for Australia and New Zealand will sail by the Revs S Ormuz on May 6 It will consist of 10 members several of whom have been international play of The delay which has occurred in settling the Anglo- French Colonial Convention re leith drawn up is stated to be due to the demand made by trance for a port at Mars cat on the entrance to the Per- an Gulf In moving the first reading in the House of Commons yesterday of the bill dealing with the retraction of alien immigration Mr Akers Douglas the Home Secretary said that the alien in Great Britain had increased during the past 20 years by l-oOOO Tin. P A \AI A C \N Al V suit was recently entered in France by the Republic of Colombia to prevent the transfer of the nigh s pof c -ed by the Panama Canal Company to the United States. The Cn ii Tribunal of the same before which the eve was heard he non suited the Colombian Republic c THFLDLC TION -ACT The compromise" si nee- ted over the education question bill embodying popular control of the school but give i e those. who support denomination-! teaching a right of entry for the purpose of red gious His action has been con dere 1 by the council of the I need Free Churches- of Great Britain The council has, decided to reject all overtures s for a compromise \riArOL~\DI AND AND C W D V The desire of Canada that Newfoundland should join the Dominion non that the fisheries difficulty with r range has been settled by the Anglo-French Colonial Convention is not warmly taken up in the island colony. The Almi ter of Finance and Customs (Mr F Al Jackman) is one of the strongest opt ments. of union and he points to Newfoundland s splendid finan his! position as compared with dada as a ground for the colony retaining its at home A GHASTLY. STORY. V. Mrs. Ashmead and her son have been arrested in Philadelphia on a charge of being accessories to the death of two young women who died in the house under sus- p cious circumstancai^At the inquest the coroner (Mr. Dugan I referred to the alleged existence of a syndicate for conducting a legal operations He said that he had evidence that the syndicate had a crematorium for the banning one bodies of infants dead or alive with a view of destroying evi , dence in regard to the evil practices 