SUMMARY. . The annual meeting of the Brisbane Musi cal Union was held last night. (Page 7.) „ The Kennedy terrace Sunday school prizo distribution took piuce last night. (Puge 4.) A woodcarter fell from his vehiclo on Given tcrraco, Faddington, yesterday. (Page S.) . .... The twenty-second annual meotiug ot ttio Brisbane Gymnasium was held Inst evening. ' At the criminal sittings of tho Supreme Court yoBterday Junres Crowe wuh found rtuiity of tho mansiuusrhter of John Colo, at the Oriental Hotel, Albert atteet, and wns strongly recommended for meroy on account nf tho great provocation ho received. Tho passing of sontonco was deferred until to day. (Pngo'3.) The Steiling ease was before the Fall Court in Sydney yesterday. (Page 4.) The notice courc easo yesterday against two of Dr. Dowio's followers was adjourned until to-auy. (Page 5.) . Seventy officers of tho Public Works De partment in Sydney huvc received notice of retrenchment. (Pago 5.) JuDtiii has agreed to Mr; Hoy 8 proposals (Puge 5.) War botweon Turkey and Bulgaria now is innvitable. (Pago7J Two Japanese torpedo boats are reported to bo miBsing. (Puge 4.) Eight transports convoying Japanese troops havo gono to Korea. (Puge 4.) Details of tho engagement, at Port Arthur oil the 14th havo boon received. (Pago 4.) Denmark has ' refused to allow Russia to coal her warships at Danish ports. (Puge 5.) Tho Russian cruisor Bayariu has beeu severely damaged at Port Arthur. (Pago 5.) Some Cossacks at Niuchwung have in-, suited two Americans and an Englishman. (Piuro 5.) ' . Many Japaneso scouts aro inspecting tho country at tlin head oi tho Gulf of Liao- tumr. (Page 5.) Vice-admiral Mnrakoff has been appointed to command tho Russian fleet on the Pacific coast. (Page -1.) Tho Russian gunboat Mandjour remains nt Shanghai, though sho has been ordered to leave. (Pago 4.) The space abandoned by Russia at tho St. Louis Exhibition was immediately secured by Japan. (Pago 5.) Japan exbeets to fight, a decisive battlo againat, Russia near Kiriu, to the south of Harbin. (Pago 4.) The steamer Kazan, of tho Russian volun teer fleet, has been but slightly injured by the Jupnnese. (Pago 4,) Tho statement that Japaneso warships fired on the German steamer Hatisa bus been contradicted at Berlin. (Pago 4.) Tho t'zar and Czarina witucsecd the de parture of the Russian regiments now pro ceeding to the.fav east. (Page 5.) The Jananoso torpedo boat destroyors disposed of two Ruesian warships on the 14th instant, during a blinding snowstorm. (Page 4.) Russia, though ucquiescing in tbo principle of Mr. Hay's note, makes reservations con cerning tbo Chinese territory loased by Russia. (Page 4.) Tho report that bunds of Hunghuses, under Japaneso leaders, are preparing to attuok tho Trans-Siberian Railway has-been confirmed- (Pago 0.) The death is announced of Lord Alington. (Pago 4.) British Guiana haa granted trade pre ference to Great Britain and Canuaa. (Page 7-) The Australian Agricultural Company has £57,272 to distribute among the shareholders, (Puce 7.) „The Austrian oruiser Knisorin Elizabeth has been ordered to the Gulf of Po.ohi-li. (Page 5.) Tho freight dispute between companies engaged in the Australian trade is nearing-a settlement. (Page 7.) ''Avl American warship has lauded marines fo- quell the disturbance at Pajarito,' in San 'Domingo. (Pago 6.) i Mr. Seadou has been requested to mcludo Manchester in the Federal Shinning Com pany's ports. (Pago 4.) \- Now South Wales 4 per cent Treasury bills amounting to £500,000 have been placed privately at slightly under £99. (Page 7.) Major-general tbo Hon. Sir R. Tuloot, tho new Governor of . Victoria,, had an audience with King Edward on Wednesday. (Page 7.) Tho "Times" urges tho Australian Prime Minister tu try to prove that immigrants would be wulcomu to Australia equally as m Canada!" (Page 7.) An amendment moved in the Houso of Commons, affirming' that it was inexpedient to introduce Chinese labour into the iraus- vaal untii the approval of tho colonists lias been expressed, has been negatived. (Page 4.) 