THE RUSSIAN POSITION IN MANCHURIA. (By 'Taloon.") 0.) Dahiy. a c'iy erected by tho Russian Goreromcnt. and as yet »iiboot inhabitant?. (2.) Port Arthur from a recent photograph from trie land side. the Manchurian railway. (4.) Sketch showing cut-away, of which ib< rc «re many through bard rocs, aiong the Manchurian railway. The belief is widely hold that Russh has no right in Manchuria, lt is pos sible to hold that it would bc better ü she n'en» not there, sdkout denying bei any restive ol lille. China-and Japar went to war, and Japan winning mißhl have occupied Manchuria had the Towen allowed her.- Her tiUe in that cast would have been exactly what the Kas- sian title is uow. Jt is forgotten that China went to war with Russia, vet if thi trouble is taken to turn up a file, it will bo found that when thc Powers decided to restare order al Pekin, war was de- clared by China against.Russia only, tbt result being that a Russian army invad- ed Manchuria, independently of what- ever action was iakea by the Allies írcin the side of thc Yellow Bea. Since then Russia has strengthened her position in the Province as England has in Egypt; has acknowledged an "obligation" to at some time evacuate it in the same way; and bas steadily improved her position with a view to permanent occupation on lines which are nearly identical. It docs not suit us to accept Russia willingly in ibis new jwâtiou, but it is idle to deny what is FO clearly apparent to any even mind---that Russia has ac eotupiisbed something which,- had ii been the work of England initeud, would be hailed throughout thc- Empire in its true light, as the most masterful act of diplo- macy of the bsí quarter of a century. Nor is it at all clear while we ob ject to Russia in Manchuria, that we would be any bet- ter pleased had tho occupier hoon Japan, nor yet if Japan were allowed io take Corea that ihe peace of thc world would be any better sf cured than if Ruj-sia fol- lowed her line of conquest to its geo- graphical end. Japan is an Asiatic Pow- ter, and so is in affinity with China ; the has risen from com parai i rely nothing to the position of a Power in thirty years, showing what China, with infinitely more facilities, could do under the same en- courage-menu; she would, by taking Corea, create there another nation the equal of hoi own, and might, and in all likelihood would, pnwe the incentive to a Chinese awakening, resulting in an Asiatic alliance which would terrorise the world. For. unlike Russia, which may dominate but cannot 'lifi" Chiua, due to racial distiuciiorií;, Japan, if given the opportunity, eau take her right out of her historic conservai ism hy a process of in- centive and assimilation, thc ¿xnpTicily of Yk bilk should be apparent. , If 40.0(30,000 Asiatics have been able to rise from a position of far greater ob- scurity than now distinguishes China in the arts and seiener* in a hrief généra- tion, wliat aie the possibdiiies in front of the latter counijy's 400.000,000 when onee they are emancipa tied îrjv Japan's îu fluenoo, and inspired hy im* incentive of her progress *r The whitcraec makes many blunders, out the crowning error of its inter-irivalries will be realised when it provides the stop for the coloured race to ts'cad on and bruise its neck. ?'"We back- ed ihr wrong hor«,'J declared thc late LiTd Salisbury, in a reference made by him, a short 1 imo heíore his death, to the supnort which England gare Pagan Tur- key in the seventies. Beware hst a gear oration later thc same apology has not to bo uttered in reeard td any undue sup- port now to un^Gbristian Japan. ¡ .? The Work of Occupation. Mr. Alfred Stsead, in: an admirable ar-! tide in '"The'World's Work." writes as fol- ; lows :?-^Manchuria'; the garden of China, j á territory as ltfrg* as the Austrian Em- j pire and Italy combined, has been absorb- i rd iu the 'relenth'ss Russian advance to the unfrozen waters ' of the Ytíiiow Sea-J To the seventeen millions or so oT its in- habit iintK.-chiafiy immigrants fromShant- ung, the Russian occupation has been bé- néficiai. The old 'brutal oppression and grinding taxation ci the Chinese regime I have passed awaV, and besides a decrease ] of the latter, the settlers benefit largely ' froin the' increased influx pf money, ¡j Wages are .very high for JTorth China, j and there is a sense of security which was not known befirê. This advantageous J *idc of the Russian 'occupation must- be frankly admitted,'whatever the inter-, national or moral aspect may he. From the point of v*ow cf international iaw,; Russian ¿an claim considerable rights in; ifarchuria-^ricäits. that isi "jtha'fc »re rc-; cognised in puhliîhed tacajtios." ' ; . The presenl coranjotiiííiosís^óf thc- Bins-; ..«ia O; occupai ton çf-.Mipchuria is ^hariäljri reahsed hy the eesei-aj publie., {Practical-'' ly Russia is "everywhere!-.there, juv'iuajy be gathered when il is said that her cns toms and manners are displacing thc j Chinese, her money becoming thc curren- j cy, and her Church establishing itself ¡ without so muchas a murmur of disappro- j val. And, sweeping se has been her di- plomatic policy, it has not been more as- tonishing than her industrial . The rail- i way is an extraordinary affair, far super- j ior io the Siberian line, which is a toy ! section in comparison, and designed with- i ont regard to case of. completion. Thus splendid embankments are common, deep j Thc Government of Manchuria is admin isterod hy Courts composed of RUF siao and Chinese officials in equal proportion. eui tings frequent, and thc bridges, of which there are quite a dozen, aro of the finest older of architecture possible. Then the stations, built at distances of every twenty or thirty miles, are substantial stoiK» edifices of good design, and com- mand, as a nile, townships which have been laid out by the Government. 'Hie centre of the line is at Harbin, which, six years ago a raw Chinese settlement, is now a large town, with public gardens, ¡ hospitals, and slops- j Stupendous ns isithe work, which is re- ! presented by thc creation of a string of sueli settlements, it is paled by Dalny, tho free pori of Talicuwan Bay. Here, j where swift steamers for China, for Jap- j an, and even for Australia, will await the ; arrival of thc traus- contiueutal trains lo j transport the passengers to Uieir destiu- j The only part nf tbe Manchurian Rail- way (near Port Arthur) that can he destroyed from the «ea. I ation, t»lo JRusyiatts have eroded M spJen tiid city, capable of providing for a popu- lation of l(W,O00 people. Roads Lave been made, publie buddings constructed and barbour wurks begun, -while there arc complete tramway, electric light, and sewerage systems, and even parks and theatres, although as yet there isn't a single inhabitant of any character what- ever., During -1902 no fewer than 1717 cargo steamers and 1,418 junks ar- rived afc Daley, mostly in connection vith the ímüding oír the city, thc trade from which was distributed, as per Ves- sel, es follows : -324 Russian. 241 Japan- ese, 83 Knglish, 49 Chinese, 12 Norweg- ian , 2 Danish, 2 Austrian, 2 German, and 2 American vessels. On February .24, 1903, the first express train arrived at j Daluy, and on the. same day two fast «teamers of the Chinese, Eastern Rail "wayOompabv left -for (Nagasaki and i&äjtigh«i. It is iahende«! to invite the j 'i»im(>dia£«. occupation-oï the city, all na-, tonalities .tahigjinvitçd, eseept the Jap- ¡ an ese. . ° * ' Thc Race Frobhtn the World'.-; Securiiy. \ When one considers what Rvssia lias j done in Manchuria a regret is felt that Í England did cot in time realise her des- tiny, starting ii cm the work oí Chinese : Gordon, and once so easy of aocornplish i meat, of ".saving China from herself." j Jivcn now, is it too extravagant to sug- gest that what Russia has done in Man curia, langland, in conjunction with thc United States, could do in Corea, if only this fetish of Japanese aggrandisement j were ciropned out of our diplomacy en- tirely? For Russia will not go (artier than she has gone in the direction of con- quest because of "race." which makes an ab-oîute change undesirable, if not actu- ally imponible. The same thing would apply to England and America, hut it does not, and cannot, apply to Japan, whose oceupauoy must 'become absorp- tion, leading eventually to Japanese and One of tie many Chinese guards employ- ed by Russia ta protect the Man- churian railway. Chinóse assimilation, with all its couse- ! quent dangers. The policy of Russia in i Manchuria is really the adoption of that : which distinguishes England in Egypt ! with, perhaps, a little less of our Iradi- i tiona] benevolence- Certainly thc war : warty is for absolute annexation, but tho j desire of the Court is that the present po- ' i si lion shall continue, which is that while ; Russia is the dominant Power, her work i shall be done with a gloved hand. Thus the Chinese flag has not hceu torn down, but tbe Russian has been hoisted with it ; trade bas not been taken from its old monopolists, but only diverted to Russian direction ; and the administration of i government has not been removed to a Russian Court, but divided between Rus- sian andtÏÏiiucscoiScials.wbo act together and maintain the semblance of local au- thority. That Russia will «ot go much farther in this "way îs considered certain hv those who stu$y such questions, and because, as said, of the racial difficulty. If there were auv greater fusion of Rus- sia and Cliina, it might work in a way to Russia's injury, to the Mongol dominat- ing the Slav, I _ Mr. Alfred Stead jays :-"If the fron- tier of thc Empire is moved south of the ! Amur River, and is stretched to include I the millions of Chinese in Manchuria, and «n toan undefined frontier with China, j koV.arc the Chinese to be prevented from j permeating the whole bf Asiatic Russia ? ; Already there arc- numbers'of Chinese ia «ewcbwang, tue one open po»t, hy ¿atei: nàtionaL treaty, in Manchuria. The. sketch £hbfrs ihe Customs House. . , , anpjç- »hieb, fly tbe^jRussian- and '-** Ctonesc flags^Wéonjflíkííon. Irkutsk, where three yeareago there were 1 scarcely any,while in 'heTransl)-ikal and Amur provinces the Russia;! settlers aro unable to hold their own against the in- ; rush of thrifty, sober Chinese. Inter-mar- j ringo gives only fur tb er cause for-alarm, | bremse" the offspring >>f null marriages ; are mcreChinese rh-ie Ru sii>n. Th s que^- ; tien of race is the greatest of Raisin's i Asiatic probier», and it is this dangerous s'('c to ' Ii,o acquisition of Manchuria whi«h m av succeed in settling the question which hen baffled the Chancelleries of ii.:, y pt rat Powere.' ' ! To .reovat, Japan has no such question 1 to cers-iilcr, ard !:V;c,c tho danger ol' help- ing 1: r to ic rm ;i Creator Asiatic Empira on wi?:,T mci hods. \---. _ ?? -. ,_-» ? "_3> 