THE EAST INDIES. ,.' MR J. J. WILKINSON'S TRAVELS. JAVA, BORNEO AND THE MALAY STATES. - ,. / , The comonerce, people, and general | characteristics of Java, Borneo^ and ' tbe Federated Malay States formed ', the subject of a pleasant half-hour's j chat whilch a 'HeraldJJ interviewer had j on Monday with Mr. J. J. Wilkinson, ; who recently returned to this State j after an1 extensive trip , through those i portions of the tropics. The inler- j view was not without humor, inasmuch | as this wstll-known colonist was speak- | in.? as one who had practically been rejected from an Asiatic colony, on ac count of being an alien. c'It was rather an interesting experience of the operations of 'alien restriction laws, for learning what it is like to be looking at the muzzle end of the gun, so to speak.' However, this episode will be explained anon. ' ' 'I left here in April,' said Mt. j Wilkinson, 'with ' the idea of having] a. look at the Federated Malay States j in order to get some concessions for J tin-mining. I proceeded straight lo I Singapore, and from there went on to Qu-allalumper, one of the most charm ing towns in. the Federated States. In this country I found l The Chinese Absolute Kings , ' of the place. ' They are rich beyond the dreams - of ava'rice, and they have j all manner of wealth from , yachts oa the water to palaces on land. I gave a very close study to the mining laws j there, and I was forced to the oonelu« sion that they were too difficult for me 'to tackle, and also that I could not compete with the Chinaman. Where the Celestial can complebely bcat the European mine-owner is be cause, he can '.get from the Govern ment the right to establish gambling and spirit farms. In 'addition to the rents he gets 10 per cent, of the pro fits, which rcal'ly means that even' if (he be emploj^mg, 50,000 cooLies,ihe ge'ts Back nearly the' whole of the wages he pays them, and therefore gets his' labor ? almost for nothing. I decided t-o look elsewhere than in the' Fede rated States, and, returning to Singa pore, I made' for 'Tringanu, one of the southern Siamese States to the north' of the Federated , Malay States, and likdy to 'be taken over by the British later on.1 .With a view of ? es caping ? some of tbe restrictions, I sought to get a concession direct from the SultJan. , I found ? there only one white man amongst , about 26,000 na-'- tives and other Asiatics,1 and he left the -morning after I ' redched .there. After a' good deal of ? difficulty I ob tained . . v ?An Audience With the'; Sultan', ?/,-'j- and' I_ did 'not realise till . , then. '.what ian-- alien; restriction , act. 'really ' meant.,-1 I was' an 'alien,!/' The Sultan, 'thougfa; dignified,' received me -very courteous-', , ly, but ? through' the; interpreter' told me that he wanted, no transactions, witlv any white man , at all. I pointed out to 'him that if he pursued, that .coxurse' l-e would n'o.t fyaye 'the white man's 'ships .cabling', to,1 take away] £he pro duce'' of the / island,' *and he replied that he did not want ' them, be cause his ? people could , '. build/ it'heir own bo?ts, and run t'hein pro duce over to Singapore. He further ?added that the, Sultan of Katentan had given itoaif his estate away in a conces 'sicai to the Duff Development -Com-' pany, ,ari English concern, which' has beer, floated in London ; witQi 400,000 Ehares-^that^ was footlishj' and he in ter ded to make no such mistake. That answer was1 decisive. I tih'en went, ?north -to Kalantan. ?' Go-i^ig as fax as Qrialla Lebir, I saw tihe b&adquarters; of the -Duff Development Company, and I fciund that they are mining oca a very; large scale, but whether with, suc cess or not 1 could not say. On ,. ac count of their having got dn' ahead of me-; I found that there was ng, chjanes of getting concessions there, so -I came do'.'.n to Kotobarhu and saw tiher Re~si di&nrt; 'from Siam (Mn\ Graha-m). From him I 'Jearnt that trie Siamese authori ties- intended making so'me aliterations In the mining laws, and until that was dfane no applications for concessions would be emtertained. I therefore caught Vhc Danish steamer to Bangkok,, theS amsse port, but from the director of mining t'iiiere I received the same rcp.!y as had been- given me by Mr. Gra'haan. Mining -at Ipfhor. , , . Returning to Singapore -again news I received dedded me upon guing to^ Iphor, another of tr-e Federated States. Same fine tin- mdnir.g is beinig done there, .and I had a look at the Tronoh mine, owned by an English ooanpany, and probably one of the finest Mn the world. I realised here ? again the Chinese had the .biggest hold on the country, so I wer.it on 'to Gcepeng, and to the towns of La Hat, Apin, and ; Puesing, and everywhere ths Chinaman j was supreme, from tho;e workirg small i Qilltvial' cipyns to those employing j thousands ofcooQies ai.d running spirit and gaoabling farms. Very few Eng iishxen, except tJbose in pairtn-ership wi'tb Chinese, have muc'li of a hold upon itSxe country. Even the news pvipers are mostly owned by the Ccles tialls. . The mining regulations there are sitartlinjg. There a;ie sonne absurd restriot'i'on's, and I found that w.i 'e seme people miigtot commit a .-rsicn of tVem ar.d get fined 500 dioiHars, anoiber, nuan 'mdgliL sionilarly offend and cs--&pe; scot free,. I thought that was no place for me. I also ascertained that most of the concessions offered were those nAihidh were beyond the Chinese, for vbe latter does not like ito tise maclhiinie-ry. He prefers the coolie Labor, and. o'f course, 'he gets his wages back from them through the gambling farms. . I decided to give the Federated States best, so. turned my a-L'tentiion to Borneo, . 'and there I did manage to get two or three good concessions in the Dutch area. Borneo is a wonderfe! island. It is the biggest in the world, apart j fiom Australia, aJd is 800 miles across. I Tibs land is overrun by magnificenit rivers, t'he veget~tion is luxuriant, and the forests are full of all kinds of ani mals and- insects. In Sarawak the BorneD Coumpany h-ave alii the mineral rights of Rajah Brooke's company. They are ? doino- splendidly with gold mimes there, and are cyanidine in a large scale. In British North Bor neo there is not much doing. T'he Dutch have seven-eig-hshs of tihe island, j ai'id have indeed a magnificent posses-'! sio.n. Smallpox/ was raging' while I j was at Sarawak, and 500 persons died from the disease in two weeks.' ( ; Borneo Timber Resources. ' . ' ; There has been some- ' discussion here regarding the competition hi Bor neo timbers witlh those rrom this State. ' , ~]s there 'any danger to 'be appi*^-,-1 !h ended? ''No, I think not. The general ex perience is t'hat you cannot do much with the timber resources of Borneo. Whereas to the inexperienced eye the juu'gie seams ito h:^'c a lot of good, inarkifcable timber in ft, it is not so when you investigate it closely. Tbere is iar too mxc'h umdiergrowth, and, more over, what timber theTC is is very - difficult of access. I could have, got any number of timber concessions, btst ' - 1 would not take them] People seem ed anxious to get thorn off their '? hands.' Java, the Beauty Spot of the Earth. ? '' / , 'After leaving Borneo,' said Mr. rWilkin.son, continuing his narrative, 'I went through Java, and found k the beauty spot of the eart'h, so far as my experience goes. In that is- ; lapd over 30,000,000 of pecple are working quietly and peacefully, and' * are governed very easily by the Dutch ? '? on the Crown colony system.. T'he »- Dutch manage to keep the Chinese', in ' ; ?their * places, and' do not allow them /? -lo, flaunt their v/ealth as they do -'at' Singapore, for instance, where they ,' ' quite overshadlow the Europeans 'by M ' their ostentatious magnificence. - If - * Australians vrant a charming- trip they (^nnot do better than make a round ?'. ' trip to Java. There they will see- .', ' niounxains 12,000ft. high, active 'vol- canoes^ Budd'hist teraple's 2000 years ? '? old, and evidences of the old barbaric splendor which 'must have been gor geous in the time when Java was di vided into three kingdoms, each fight-' ing the other. Ba-cavia the present caipital, is on-e of the most ^harming i places that a person can visit. T'he Weltcvreden, the best suburb of Ba- ? ' tavia, is a bea-uitoful ? place. Its shops ars like palaces, and the^ hotels, huge ~' and comfortable establishments, are , ' almost hidden in luxuriant gardens. The Museum is, filled with native' weapons of war and torture from 'the' ' East Indies, and they are most bar- .. ?? ' baric in their terrible ingenuity. They cou'ld1 trot have been surpassed in th«b', . - dark days of 'the Spanish Inquisition. The King's-square in Batavia is the ' ' largest in the world, and is surround ed by palatial' offices and buildings. '- 'At the place where, the Governor General's residence is, about 20 mile's- .'' ? from Batavia, there are botanical gar- ' ' dens which are' claimed tp be the best\ , '?'. in the wofld. ' Truly I have never ?? ,' seen anything .to approach them. It V; , is~ a place one would ,l&ve; to live in ,. : „? and' regret to eveir leaye:N The Dutch, people are most courteous- and kind _ _; *' ,tq 'strangers in, every w^y; 'As re-V- 'v ''' gard's the commercial side df .the' coua^ - \ ?',-? try, ;it.is , , , . ,' '??',.,???? ,. , , , Rich and Pr ospero'iis.' ' .' ^ ; V ')' ,,*?! I was amazed ^to'. see the vast' quantity/.' '''?' ' ,of machinery, femployed- in ? oonnectioni ?' ''?'.'. ' ' :\ wjitlh. the sugar .industry. 'At I, one place I -visited they'crush 500 tons'^of t 'cane a ,da.y, ^and they intend- doubling ; '? „?, their ' crushing , powier'. ' Java, last year 'J ' '. produced- .eight million pounds' worth/'- 'l of sugarj 'and'1 in 'addition to^piroviding' ' ' ' herself - with ? almost everything . ' the '' ?' /..-, people v/ant, 'has an enormous export J -\ trade. 'It is indeed a fine island. _ rich ?,,.'' I and well goverried. The, whole secret / '', ? .o'f the latter is, I believe, to be found / ; in the abstemdotisaiiess of t!b.e popuila-- ' ; '? tion. -The Javanese ? being |Mabom-./ -? rnedan's are ' afbsftaindrs,' and the - ' , D,utch drirrk very little. The hotels there ..are 'hotels; 'and1 not drinking, 'shops ;' in fact I aeve-f saw a d-Tunfcea'' ' - . ' man while I was in, the colony .' I left Java with much regret, and came- ' straight home via Singapore. I may add that the way the Dutch handle the natives , seems to one to '? realise everything that coicld- be desired' , in that. connection. There is no tyranny, the native is free to do as he 'likes, '- the people fortunately do not con gregate in big towns, but prefer- their \ small villages,' and everybody , seems ?happy and contented,. The railways ? are tuh cheaply and' economically, and, as they.aTe ail paid for, travel ling is comparatively cheap. Othes* colonising nations might well take aa- - example from such places as Jayai' The Chinese, in Africa. ' -, In conclusion, Mr. Wilkinson ex- . pressed the conviction, based on ex- '' periehce in the East Indies, that tbe Randlords in the Transvaal are very iiiie'ly to have trouble with the Chinese immigrants there. 'The . Chinaman,*', ' he said, ''is too ambitious to submit v ' to working in a compound, and he is '^ the greatest skutlker in the world when working for wages, although fee ? ' 'has endless energy when working for , himself or on contract. I fear that as soon as the Chinese laborers in the - Transvaal begin to find that 'they have little chance of improving their poss-, ' , ticn they will become dji'scomtented , alad cause trouble.' 