STATE PAESL1AMENT. THE GOVERNMENT'S POLICY. PREMIER AT SUBIACO. PE-RTH. iAmo-' -z±. The Pr-cmier.- Mr. D--glish. delivered his policy spseoh at the King's HaM, Subiaco. to-night. AW the members of the Mini-try and a number of other' Labor m-etm'bers occupied seats on the p-lalform. Mr.' Danish was ,?iven a splendid- reception on taking his seat, and -when rising t-o speak was aj--ain greeted with B'jorms of annlausc. Rofcrrin,?- to the finances of the State Mr. Daiglish ?a,id that the late Colon;al Trca-surer_;b-:d emphasised in his biulsrct srecc'h -losl year' the sCeces sity of k-f-cpinpr dawn the loan expen diture to /750.000 as a maximum for the year, but ckspi^p this /i.cSt.-^oi 25\. 3d. was spent, and 'he had rijcp'r tained since taking- office that the country was this year committed to a^i expe-nditure befc-vc the completion of the existing works of ^162, ^S for the Railway Department, and ^384,620 for ,puiblic works, making a total of /547.158 foritwo^ departments. To that must be added a certain stum for thc encouragement of agriculture and development of the goklrj-elds and mineral resources, of which he 'had not been able to obtain details, but these would require at /least ^72,842, making-, a total amount of /62o,ooo, -which must 'be provided damn? the present financial year. He»had made an analysis of these demands, and as the result he could sec no hope of reducing the amount below the fieures quoted. This was without allowing for a number of works which already had Parliamentary samcticm. The state of 'Che London money market was a3 unfavorable to new loan issues- as it had been at any time in the past, and so far as could be judiged there was no likelihood of successfully plac ing a loan there in- the immediate future 'by ordinarv methods. Mr. Gardiner, after full enquiry, hiad re ported that it wou'.d always .be pos sible to obtain ^500,000 during the course of a year in Australia, but the demands of the other States must con si deraibly modify any general state ment. His term at the Treasury had been too brief ,to qualify him to ex-i press an independent, opinion. He' sincerely trusted that it would be. prac ticable to raise at least ^00,000 dur incr .fhe present financial vear, ^but he was not convinced that this wish would be realised. The raising of loan ^?omey in Erag^and was fair' mor^e con venient to the State if it could he ac complished on' equallv advantageous terms. The 'buf.k of the sinking fund and initerest charg-ps required to (be m-et in London. They were continu allv sending- tihither indents for the purchase of stores. When a loan was rais-ed in England a sufHcie-n't ?por- tion cnuld 'be ea-r-marked and retained for clisburs-e-ment there, and the amionnt .chariPieaWe to -tiric revenue could be 'rep-laced v bv the tran-sfer of credits fromi the con'siO'lidated fund to th-e loan accounts. Undpr existiivp' conditions, since the EniqiHcih raised loan funds w-eire exhausted, tbev 'run d been forced +0 make rcoirrent remit tances from the State to London, each of which costs about i}{ ncr cent, on tine amount remitted. Tlhe Sitaite -a^ p-resent h?6 authority to overdraw its account to the 'extent of /250,00c On June 30 last th-e overdraft am'o-unted ?to /60 000.' Assnmin.s' that they used the full overdraft there rcma'n-cd /iqo.oco available for use. in London fo-r this purposes of the 'oresent finan cial year. By the end of this year'j 'th'S overdraft!: wo-u-ld have -reached V-t 10.000. v One o-f tibp first duties of the new Ministry womld be to discuss ! the question of a su-kalble succp-ssot to tlie present .A Q-p.uit- General. Th«v, recognised th-at -wilint nvas wanted there i was not necessarilv a g^entl-ema-n who had rendered vaKraibl-e political ser vices 'here, or, or*e who was qua-lified to appear at socia'1 functions, 'but a ! truorouehily' -oomt-pt,p'nt Ibusin-eas m'an wi'tih a good ksowvledige of fi&ance-; un- i Hmiited enengv. and intimate acquaint- j ance alike with, thie reqtiirenTewts arid resources of the State. His func ?tions mi«ht be more api- ly clescribed by cTyam'sring 'the tit'« of the office fa-am Aigient-Gencra.1 'to tiha-t of commercial | and advertising- ag-ent.' The orentle- i man selected ^rould be the one avail-'! able wiho appeared to be possesspd in the highest degree of those qua;lifica tions r-ecmixed. , I-t \yas his '(the speak er's1) duty a-s TreasiM-er to maintain a very conservative attiitude in view of the- stringency of the money market, and to assume that it miefht be im p-ossiiyle to r-ais-e a loan either locailly or in London durimg the next ro 1 months. In that case they were ! faced with this' position : — The State i ! must find ^620,006^ which ordinarily ! would come from - the proceeds of j loans, either toy teaniporary finnncial 1 eixpedients (which should be avoided if i possible, and we're to he deplored ! when unavoidable) or from its ordinary j I revenue. _ Last year there was a fall j 1 of ^So'.ooo in -tb'. conso'lidated revenue, j ar-d this vear there was ir-cason to an- 1 ticipaitc a ^further /decrease. ( The j funds'1 last year .were supplemented by ; a 'surplus -of /23i',65Q, ? less ^83. -363 'brought 'forward at tbe ,emd of the ; year'. He had ascertained 'tfhat a ! number nf Inree trndertakinp-s were being pushed fonvard iust recently. amcl ?he had already issued instructions that j ? th-esie s^-oulM 'be in abeyance until thev had better 'opportunities, know ing how far fihe 'revenue wouldi :oa.rrv j them. T't must not he .thouighjt that the '\nn-istn- n-ad an- dark f-ears for ; the future of the Statf ;. thev looked with vti.n-abaited hone and undiminisliocl \ ^r^-nfidence to a bright future a-s in d11 strips expantli^d and _ the de v'lop-m-r)t of ? the resources of tbe ' ' State p-roce'eded. However, thev recoprniised thait th'ere had 'been a strong tendency in the imme- ] dirvt-e past to launch into new .expen diitur-? wi*lTM!t too careful CQn.sidepa tion of T-'OAV it would - be met. If Mr. Gardiner's policy of last ve'ar had been adhered to ' thev should have had suf ficient funds in 'hand to carry out their own loan works with case for the next few months. Regarding legi'sla-tion, 14 e first measure in the progra.mjm-e was the i question, of the Legislative Council. ! Their position rega-rding this was un changed. The' matter*1 sihooild be re ferred! to a referendum of the electors. As a 'Labpo- party -tihey had never ad- ? vocrr.ed the abcliition of that chamber, ! but had 'held that the matter oug'hit to be decided by the people. A bill would be introd'uerd providing: for a referendum on tlbe following ques tions: — -rA'-e you in favor of a single! chamber constitution ? Are you in j f-avor of household1 suffrage?' The j referendum. wo-u-!d not ''be taken until the next general elections, in order itha.t tihe matter wotild !bc judged a f-ter | mature .consideration. The whole] matter would be imcludipd in a bi'll. an'difthi's were rejected' by the Coun/ cil the Goveirnment would consider what further action should be taken, ?probably by introducing a bill to pro vide for -tihe liberalisation of the f.ran- i chise of the Upper -House. A new Electoral Act would be introduced, chiefly .regarding -the machinery i clause, the aim being to place ev*i*y i elector on the roll. The compilation J of rolls' should be made by Govern- j ment officials, and tth-e object would j 'be the pu(riifica\tion of -the rolls. Postal j voting would also foe dealt with. | i An Qld Age Pensions Bill wo-uld 'be ] introduced. In any steps taken by itih'is State in this connection, regard would 'be paid to -any subsequent ac tion taken by the Federal Govern ment. They -thouciht tihe age of 60 years and ten yca-rs' residence in the State would be the qualifications. (Cheers.) It would take some time ? to collect data, and possibly the bill i would not be introduced this session. Funds would be obtainable from the pirofi-ts of total isators and State hot- els. The taxation ctf the _ unimproved TELEGRAPHIC. value of land would' receive attention, due caTe being taken: tiiat the mea sure did noit press heavily on- small holders. Lands valued up to £1000 would be exempt. The absentee owner would pay a sligihitly added impost. The bill would also provide for the State right of resumption at 10 per cent,, over value, The matter of focrest conservation would receive attention, and a new conservator of forests would be ap pointed and ' the airlmi nis.tr ation of forests 'be removed from the Lands Department. An effort would be made ?to ensure the working of timber leases joist as mininig leases were worked. If tinVber leases were not ?worked properly they would be for feited. The Companies Act1- would be amended so as to provide for the ap pointment of two local directors ; also iiliey- would be held -liable for any frauds committed by their company. Tihe mining industry would be fmr 'tliered by the Government to al liberal extent. They would aim -at equipping with, practical and theoretical know ledge tibai.r new engineers. The School of Mines at Kadgoorlie was equal to any similar institution in the world. There was a grave tendency towards monopoly, which was a men ?a»:e to the gen'er-al welil-bcing. Legis lation to deal wifh this would be intro duced as necessity arose. The ad^ vantage of the State lay in placing *he mini'Eq- industry on vs-uch a footing that our own ?comnm'nity -could1 snare in the profits' distributed, A royal com mission was -already dealing with the question, and would indicate in its re port the direction ?whrioh Paiiia-mcnt should take to save the -reputation oi' West Australia from feeing ibesmirch ed by a repetition of swindles Mike those already exhibited. The Minis ter for Mines would deal with the re port as soon as it was received, ato-cl wcuid froniv time to time do his hest in administration to -manage the in durstr-'in the interests of -the State. The mining- industry would also be kept as much a rcwriite Australia' one as [possible. State assistance to pros pectors, would be continued, and where practicable .increased. The Truck Act was ineffective. 'Evasions occurred in timfber dis tricts, on the goldfieJds, and - in the -southern districts-. ' The ' Government ?recognised' the necessity for Civil ser vice classification, and a measure would be introduced to constitute a commis ' si oner to control the public service. The 'power1 of the commissioner would .be to.' make ?recommendations to Min isters, who, owed -direct resporisibility to Parliament and the country. The Labor party were not 'opposed to immigration, because it recognised the desirability of increasing -the popu lation 'by additions of a proper type, ibut they would, resist any proposal to bring here the failures -of any other country, and -resist durinig by false promises others to compete with - those who now experienced difficulty in finding work. Those who- were de sirous of -settling on the iland, if they were of the right sort, would be en couraged and assisted. Regarding public works, the present state of the finances 'rendered an extensive policy impossible. ? There were no fund's to undertake such works* as the Magnet Lawler-s railway, the Fremantle clock, and therjandakot railways.' These 'works, although .aanthonised, would be deferred. The route for the nor thern railway to Pilbarra ' was being surveyed, 'the abject being to ascer tain the exact cost. Any offers ? it might .receive to construct the line the Government was prepared' to con sider. It would be the policy of the Government to. encourage efforts to discover coal in any^part of the State. .Iii the event of a discovery being made care would be taken to protect the State ag-ain-st, concessionaires. The Collie coa'l industry was .unsatis factory, and inquiry would, be made with the (object of discovering ,the causes. Un-worked leases wciuikl be rigorously forfeited. The Col'lic coal contract last year was made at 10s. 6df. per ton. This year a much enhanced price wa$ asked) by the tenderers, but the Government were determined to protect the pockets of the taxpayers. The Railway Com missioner had been instructed to pur chase coal at last year's prices. As sistance would be given far the manu facture Nof briquettes if it was thought that tihe present experiments were' sufficiently encouraging. A Lands Act Consolidation) Bill would! receive con: deration, and would .be dealt with this session if ^possible. The Health Act would receive con sideration. The construction of the central board was not likely to lead to satisfactory results, and. would bo altered. Regarding the liquor laws there was ^reat need for amendment and consolidation. They proposed' -to prep- are a measure as' earlv as pos sible introducing the principle of lo cal ootion, dealing with the question of Sunday tradjng, and 'empowering the Government to establish a Stale hotel without seeking a license in any locality where the people had by poll expressed their demand for such. An attempt wou'kl be made to improve the licensing benches by amending their constitution. Concerning the Metropolitan Board of Works Act passed an amendment would be submitted' with the object of appointing a satisfactory board and proceeding with the work of drainage and water supply for the whole of the metropolitan area. An Amending Municipal Institutions Act would . be submitted, in which provision would be made for the adoption of an al ternative system to the present sys tem of taxation on improvements. An endeavor would be made to widen the sphere of the agricultural bank in its usefulness in rendering aid to settlers, and 'so save the latter from the grip of the money lenders. The 'bank had lent £327,452, and had work ed at a profit. The Minister for Lands would lose AJ^l^J^ljrJiJLtxlJLI./. ? no opportunity of open-ing' n,p stocS' routes, and would also grapple with1', tlie dingo pest. The- new station bui'ldin-gs -at the Perth front central ' station would be stopped on account of the want of funds. He (the speaker) assumed that the anoneyhad been legally sanctioned. ?»Ir. Rason' '- had said that he never knew the plans had been prepared, where the 'bui'lti- . 'inig was to be erected, or 'that Mr. Geongc was going to rush' the' ana*v tor. He read' a letter showing that ' the plans had been submitted' to Mr, Rason months ago, also that Mr George was desirous' of [proceeding with the work then, also that new of fices were -to be erected. ' The office' file showed that Mr. Rason had ap»' proved of the work. He (Mr. Danish,) had Ibeen accus-ed - of delaying the policy, speech. Go-n-' ' sidering that his time had. 'been fully occupied it was indecent /.to- alle£3 that the speech could have jbeem mads before last Frida'y. It had -been said ' - that he was afraid' of opposition. He had no Reason to fear facing his elec tors. The issue had -faeen s-ettled, when the country decided ''that the, country was to -bc -governed 'iby the Lalbor party. Regarding the coirsti- , rution of the 'Ministry, he had becinj'- actuated only by the considcretition of , selecting- men who could best render ' service to the State. He had, appoin ted an honorary Minister because of - the great amount of work :and thd fact that they were -a:! new Mindsteirs^ - and that it was necessary to have as sistance. The Govemmeret had ai - majority, and did not worry whetheif* that majority was maintaincad J-r not.;, ? ,It was not anxious to retain office, oil at anv rate was it anxious- ito the ex-v tent of stooping to do so. ? If t&eyi-;^ lost their majority he wouM feel it I113 ; duty to ask'the Governor to send- tha P-a-rliament to the coomtry. It. was , always possible that a'^Government with ' a small majority; oJtho-ugh v it might not (be darectl}'' challenged, ,would foe harassed so that the busi« ness of the country could not he caa-; ried on. , If .so. they would ask for ai', dissolution. - '' Attention ,wouiM he pari'd! to the cfe1 veioipmient of . all existing- ] kadustriea and the promotion of others which' offered facilities for thei utilisation of energy and enterprise. The. policy of 'land settlement -.would 'be esttenxled to all available methods. The La-bor party, was not less anxious' than any other section of the community, to see \ our lands covered with -a thriving; agri cultural population, ??axtasams, -miners, and workers of every description.-; Tt was desirous of openiiag up euitab'te avenues for employment fo-r men and their families. The Australian ten dency to seek city life was one to ba ? discouraged by every just measure. They were justly proud of .the metro- . politan cities of the' co,ast and 'gploV fields, bait recognised that #the p-rcs-- perity of the State depended mosfi x largely upon the'- energy' and success of the hardy settler, who comibin-ed his laibonr 'iwitih Hibe frukfulness of tlje ? soil, 'and used the iblessings^ithat Na ture -bestowed and the knowledge that science hadi igiven ;Mm to turn the wild iboisli into fruitful fields and smil- - , ing .orardens. ? . ' _ Immediately trpon /being- entruisted, - with tbe duty of ifcxnming a Ministry - ' hie a-rrainiged to establish a Depa-rtnteo* ' of Lalbor for the purpose of seouri^ '. t the efficient administration. ' of those , kwvs wihich related, to the conditioms directly igovern-Lng the relations- 'be-, tween employer -arid r einnployed. This wiould secure 'uniformity -and ecomqin'y ?_? in administration, which could- hardly ', be obtained otherwise. - He ventured ( , to thinjk, too, .that it would con-'dasce ' ' to the a'dviamtage of the eanrplbyer b»V well as the enrp-Ioyed. No fitter per son than Mr. Holm-an could be tfioKtBif - Of h-is other colleagues he mdgnt say|^ that eacli in his respective spates* wouild amiply justify his selection. Tsfeeyi,. we.re all fully seized of the respoinsS-^ 'bilities of their position. They hzS. assumed office at a time when lite! pro'sperity of the ammediiate p'ast fosA' ' slightly faded, and the condition, o-f : , the momcy anarlcet rendered rigid ec(V no-my an essential of adrrninistratkHi;' ' and their first ai-m^ wouild be to avoid all , needless expense. They reco^- ?! ? nised th-at th«)r wore trurstees, not 'ibs ' one section of the p-eoplc,t|itbut for all*'' that the interests of everv class vrexp ' , committed to their' custody; and that the rights of inon-c -must ,bc ^isrcgtai^-' ' ed. Whether their tenure of office 'b-e 'Ionia- or jilioirt, they would aim at leav-iag -'behind a record of service equal to their opportunities, aaid strf--' ficient to iustify the confidence of th« people wIjioso represenitatives they ? were. ' ( \ THe speedh was enthusiastically afU''- -r-la'uded, and at the. conclusion Mtv' ? ?Dag-lish was -loudly cheered. Tbert followed cheers far the Labor Min-is* \\- 