Queensland Parliament. -.WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. nmh ,»Wliire Council met at fl.SO P.m., and the 1 resident read prayers.: , LEAVE OF ABSENCE. reported thai ho had tier in ifiu, !1? ? Excellency the- Governor "II, 'intllllftxintl fn 1 hn Alfftnl fkaf liMifn 'nf absence had been granted tor 12 months to too Hon. .J". Ferguson. MISCELLANEOUS . REPORTS, &p;, Tho President ' iiitiniatdd . that lie had received the following letters and re- P?r,f ' Letter from the Agent-General; stating that tho accounts relating to Government debentures (scries- SI and: XI) amounting to £1,000,000, held in trust rot- the Government Savings Bank, had been found, correct. Letter from the Auditor-General, with refercnco to 'the public debt reduction fund. Letter, covering Auditor-General's. Ifilli annual report on the q.n, Bn-ivk, and 14-th an nual report of the Auditor- General upon the public account!) for the year 1903-4; together with .statement shuwiug the condition of the public finahCes at June 30, 1904. . On the motion of Mr. Barlow,' 11 wak , agreed that the Auditor-General's report on the public finances, also the immigra tion agent's report for 1903, should, lie printed. NOTICES 01-' MOTION. Mr. Macpherson gave notice oi motion that 011 Tuesday next lie would movo tiiat the Hon. II. 1). Morehcnri be ap pointed chairman of committees. Mr. Barlow gave notice that, 011 Tues day next, the House should meet at 3 p. in., and that it sit 1111 Tuesday, Wed nesday, and Thursday, Government busi ness to take precedence. 011 Tuesday and Thursday. Mr. Barlow also gave notice, of motion respecting H10 reappointment of the. various committees. Mr. Barlow further gave notice that, on Tuesday next, he would move that (he standing orders lie suspended for the pur pose of passing through all its stages in one day an appropriation bill. He asked for tho attendance 01 at least 22 mem bers on that duy, Mr. O'Sullivan gave notice that he would, on Tuesday next, introduce a bill to amend the Licencing Act with regard to the registration of clubs. Mr. Murphy moved that the following message he transmitted to the Governor : "To his Excellency Major-general Sir Herbert Charles Chcrmsidc, Knight Grand Cross ' of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael ami St. George, Compan ion of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, Governor of (lie State of Queens land and its Dependencies, in the Com monwealth of Australia. May it please your Excellency : 1. We, His Majesty's loyal and dutiful subjects, the members of the Legislative Council of Queensland, in Parliament assembled, desire to assure your Excellency of oiir continued loyalty anil affection to the throne and person of our Most Gracious Sovereign, and to thank your Excellency for tho speech with which you have been pleased io open the present session. 2. We will give our most careful attention and con sideration to the several measures spcci- : ally mentioned by your Excellency, ami 1 to all oilier matters brought before us ; and wo earnestly trust that our delibera tions will lie instrumental in promoting the good government und the welfare of the Stuff!." He took it us nil honour lo lie calkil on to move, tlie adoption «i Hie address-in- rcply. lie was fully iu accord with the policy outlined iu his Excellency's ad dress, und supported it because he be lieved it would tend to the furtherance of Hie industries and resources of llie 'Stale, and to the' promotion »f the hap piness of the people generally. Ho hail unbounded confidence in the resources of the Slate, and was pleased to notice that ail effort was being made to find suitable markets for the products of the State. He favoured the introduction to the State of desirable people. Millions of acres of first-class land at. present wore lying idle. What, was needed was an apostle who would preach the gospel of work. (Hear, hear.) He believed that in the settlement of people on the laud lay the solution of the problem of suc cessful government. I-le suggested that the Government should set apart an area of land— say, in the Burnett district— and cut it up intu, say, 1,(199 farms of 2(10 acres each. Lithographs of the farms, carefully numbered, should he prepared, ami issued to intending imycrs, so as to facilitate the inspection of the lands. By following a careful land settlement policy within ten years lie considered it would he possible to double the present, popula tion of the Static, thereby decreasing its indebtedness hy half, nnd also enormous ly increasing the value of all classes of its lands, lie also favoured a property tax, the proceeds of which should lie car- marked fur tho purpose 'of putting 011 the land a large number of agricultural lab ourers. Thoughtful men and experienced politicians in other Australian Stales now were turning their attention to the iunil settlement question. He was in fa vour of the passing of a measure, rimilnr to that of Lord Asiiburn in regard to Irish lands, a measure which provided for the Government's assisting the tenant to secure his landlord's farm, where, each party was willing to buy and to sell 're spectively. Tho proposal to make re ceipts cover expenditure, as contained in the speech, lie considered to lie a good one. An improved franchise measure also seemed to lie greatly desired at the present time. It also was high time that the licensing laws should be altered in thu manner indicated in the speech. The proposal to alter the incidence of the income tax, so as to relieve the man who was in receipt of n small income was a good one. He was glad to note that the sugar and other industries showed signs of revival, and the discovery of the. new mineral, wolfram, he hupod would be followed by the discovery of other equally important minerals. In conclusion, lie again wished to say that ho regarded the land settlement question as tho most im portant. Hon members : Hear, hear. Mr. T. A. Johnson, in seconding tho motion, said he considered the State should feel proud of having a Governor such as it at present possessed ; a Gov ernor who had endeavoured in every pos sible way to make himself acquainted wilh the social and industrial conditions of the State. Some cheap prophets had predicted that the coalition could not last, hut lie could not agree with that prediction. The present Government had a record majority. Ho therefore trusted that a record amount of 'useful legisla tion would result. lie approved of the exempting from taxation of nil salaries under £100. Unfortunately, however, tax ation of some kind or other could hot lie avoided. He hoped that fedoral politics soon would adupl a more definito and permanent shape. The .proposal to intro duce a dairy bill he regarded as a good one. Government supervision of the dairy industry in Denmark had resulted iu placing Danish butter foremost- in the English niaii'ket. The policy of strict economy outlined in the report/ would, he felt sure, commend itself to every hon. member in. that Chamber. It was most regrettable to find that the State at pre sent was paying £1,000,000 a year as in (crest 011 borrowed money. As a colonist of 40 years' standing lie hid seen Queens land pass through many varied experi ences, and had the utmost confidence in its resources. He 'believed in land settle ment, but considered it was of no use putting lintru'incd men on the lead. (Hear, hoar.) He was glad to see a largo number of farmers' sons ' settling down in the Warwick district. Ho should Very/ much like to sco a bonus system established for the encouragement of the 'manufacture of agricultural machinery, also for the building of the first vessel of a: (ferthln'tonn-vge at the port of Bris bane. Jto noted with pleasure the opti mistic tone of the speech. He hoped every, possible encouragement would lie given to; the further development of the sugar industry, Good coal lia'd been dis covered , in the 'Warwick district,' and he hoped this Industry would also lie pro perly encouraged. What was wanted at the present time 'was not only ' coalition, but also. unity. ;They. should give a long: pull, a strong pull, and pull together 1111- til .tho State ship was- pulled to a pros perous anchorage. H011. members : Hear, .hear. . ' Sir A. C. Gregory moved the adjourn ment of the debate. . The House roso at 4.40 p.m. until 3 pvm. on Tuesday next, . 