The Election Campaign. THE COLLIE ELECTORATE. MR. E. HENSHAW AT DONNY DRuGii. Mr. E. Hensliaw, the Labour Can didate for the Collie District, addres sed a well attended ineecingat the Agricultural Hall, Donnybrook Saturday evening last. Mr. J. S. Pai^ie occupied the chair. The candidate in his opening re marks said that the party with which he had the honor to be associated- and which had chosen him to contest the Collie district,*- were sincere in. their desire to improve the administration cf affairs, and that they were send ing forward men. who jwere unencum bered by personal interests, and com mercial associations which they might he tempted to forward at the expense of the country. Their can didates could give their whole time and energies to the social and in dustrial improvement of the State, and as the Labour Candidates were mostly men of practical experience, he considered beeter results would be at tained than would be the case of candidates returned whose energies were actuated by ambition, and "the desire to forward their own particu lar interests. Mr. i 'c*v li . v >vadc re ference to the unfriendly treatment meted to the Labour Party by not onJy sections of the Press, but by men holding positions of honour, who used' their position to endeavour to poison the minds of the people against the Labour Party. Mr. Henshaw made particular reference to the Pre mier, Mr. Walter James, who, lie said had challenged the Labour Patty to name one person, not a unionist whom the Labour Party had sup ported a direct labour cand'date. In answer to that challenge Mr. Hen shaw named Messrs Danish, Fowler, Mahon, Thomson, O'Brien, Speed, Jones Ellis, Nelson, Stewart, .<\l> bott, and P. Wedd, and if 1ha< was not sufficient to support Mr. James' contention that the Labour Party re- ( presented only unionists he would ; gladly furnish the names of a. d07.cn a.thers. He pointed out that* branches I of the Political Labour Partty had i been folmed an all parts of the State to enable the people who were in sym pathy with the Labour movement to co-operate with the unionists, and t^e gentlemen above named had been chos en from their ranks. He further re ferred to the large majorities 4 ob tained by all the candidates in the recent Federal Elections, in particul ar referring to the fact that in the Senate election the labour candidates had secured a large majority over the com brined vote of the two opposing parties. These facts, he contended, clearly showed that their party had the confidence of the people, and fur ther claimed ihat the Labour Party were the truly National Party. HiV party, he said desired a purification of politics, and a better administra tion of public affairs, and in particu lar of the Public Works Department. He referred to the administration of the Coolgardic Water Scheme and the construction of public buildings. He said that lor too long had men been allowed to go forward as repre sentatives, who were involved in com mercial and other interests, and who could not see beyond their own well being, this being particularly so in many who had been chosen for the Legislative Council. Mr. Henshaw said if the so-called National; Associ ation were in earnest in their av owed desire to make our institution;* representative they had an excellent opportunity of showing their sincer ity by setting names of all persons on the Legislative Council roll. He re ferred to the disparity^ on the rolls, pointing out that one-fifth of the electors had greater power on the Council than the whole of the ' el ectors on the Assembly roll. The at titude his party favoured was to submit the question as to whether the Legislative Council was any long er necessary to the electors in the form of a referendum. His party wanted measures and administration and it mattered not to them who in troduced their principles. They were not eager for office and emoluments, but at the same time they were prepared tb take the responsibility, and he would guarantee tliev would put the same earnestness and energy into the work as they now did in their organisation The policy of his party was industr ial peace with proper consideration to those who built up the wealth of the St'ate. They desired industrial organisation, and discipline - that/ would give a fair return to those as sisting production with their capital and a fair wage and working condi tions to those creating the wealth. This, he said, had been attained,to a considerable degree in New Zealand, where strikes, and their consequent dislocation of tirade and suffering: to the people were unknown, and where the workers had voluntarily agreed to hand over their only weapon of de fence, namely the strii-f <~on^i<icn-.i.'.ly on receiving the Arbitration Act, and in that country the public had benefitted perhaps to a greater ex tent than either -workers or employ ers. Such legislat'ion had been styled socialistic, and of a class nature, and legislation that wou,d bring ruin on the country. Those unreasonable critics were more likely to bring dis aster bv their cry of wolf than the earnest efforts of reform by the La bour Part}' ... j He favoured a policy that would en courage and foster the mining, "timber i and agricultural industries. He favoured the construciion of ] the '.inc. and was | strongly opposed to the Esperance I line. The candidate referred at lengllh ! to the efforts of his party to obtain i the use of Donnybrook stone on the public buildings. They had proved its excellent <j»alitv, arid Ihat it could be worked cheaply, and if the Govern- 1 ment had any desire to fosfler the in- j dustry they would have constructed j either a road or tramway to *be dis trict where the stone was obtained I He felt' convinced there was sufficient stone there to re-build Perth if ne cessary. They had met wilh a. coed deal "f o'<l)os:( ien from thr> Public I Works Department. Donnybrook stone had been specified in several public I bni'dinnrs. pnd after the contracts had 1 been accepted, the Government h tinkered with the contracts .and sub- J stituted brick and cement for the , stone. He was informed that the Oo vernment even charged 2s. 6d. ner ] hour for the use of the crane in the troods shed, although it was manned ? by the parlv forwarding the stone. These disabilities all tended to in crease 1 jie cost of 1he stone, "^d' con- ' Ke«urn',lv to restrict its use. He con sidered ' every facility within reason f-hotild be provided for shipping in Mir T?i-nl>i!rv harbour. ?ml would snn '".ort anv legitimate? scheme for 'its 1 improvement. He favoured the furtb j er establishment, of technical schools, agricultural colleees and schools of mines, the establishment of a Univer sity, and desired that an extended sys tem of iseholarships should prevail to enable the children of ail sections equal access to the benefits of educa tion. It would he by this ttaiuing that we would gue the greatest ef ficiency to oar workers, j-e desired to see a State Insurance Office, as had been established in New Zealand, and an extension of the principle of our Savings and Agricultural Br.nks. He was strongly "in favour of the taxa tion of the unimproved values of land contending that a direct tax of this nature would give a better return to the State, relieve the taxpayer of ' a large portion of his present burden, and above all throw open for use not only Agricultural but City and Sub urfan Lands. He pointed out that this system did not mean an increase of taxation, as they desired a remis sion of a corresponding amount of in direct taxation, and the removal of taxation on improvements, which was really a penalty on industry. He eon tended morfc just treatment should be given to the sleeper hewers, who were being discouraged by the Govern ment, while at the same t'imc large companies held immense concessions and were grabbing more, and the con ditions under which these lands were held were not being observed, and in addition to this special rates were being granted to a certain company On the public railways. He strongly advocated the national isation of the Coal Mining Industry, and contended that the Government mine should never have been parted with. He favoured local control, and state management of the liqv.or traffic ; the departmental construction of pub lic works the principle of old age pensions, and a restriction on public borrowing ; the use of loan monies on reproductive works, and Hie establish nient of a sinking fund for the re-1 demption of all such loans. He strongly condemned the expendi ture of the £16,000 on the Cardiff raihvaj\ monies which would have gi ven some return had they been spent on the roads of the district. He favoured the principle of co-op ceative associations, and undertook to assist the agricultural people in the formation of such. In regard to the immigration question he believed if the conditions of employment were made attractive, the lands made avail able, and accessible the population <}uesiion would settle itself. In con clusion Mr. Henshaw invited '.he ej ectors to consider the comparison be tween New Zealani, wh?re practical ly a Labour Government existed, and then the State of afiairs in South Af rica where the country was controlled' by a capitalistic Government, and whose actions had called forth pro tests from ever}' corner of the British Km pi re. A hearty vote of thanks was ac corded the candidate. A similar vote to the Chairman brought an interesting evening to a close. Mr, Henshaw during the week held meetings at Upper Preston, Thom son's Brook and Kirupp, all of which were well attended. A vote of thank's was accorded the candidate at each place. 