LATIiST CABLES. LONDON, Moiidav. ' Beiinett-Burleigh'reporty that the liesiegcrs of Port Arthur hold Cliang ting^tse Mountain, .the. key. of. the position. V' : A leading journal nt Tofeio says thnt if the. Port Arthur squadron is allowed to take refuge at Kioclian, tlie Mikado- will consider Germany Russia's alLy-l and make an appeal in the terms of the Anglo- Japanese alliance. Prior to encountering Admiral Kammjra at Ikshma, Uie Russian Admiral sent his torpedo -fi^eWto Yladivostock! Admiral Beziiln'azoff' replied to the Japanese fire, aiid theiv retired . to the north-east. 'The vessels were pursued, but the lights l-eing extinguished they disappeared in the darkness. . ?-! - - Part ol the Japanese blocka'ding fleet is reported to lie between ' Eort Arthur and Chefoo. . /TUe . other part is outside Port Artliur,' waiting' to intercept the Russian squadron. ?'.?.''Two.. Japanese divisions; ccttnpris ing 40,000 men, were successfully 'engaged for three days 'assailing Russian positions ou the laiid 'Side of l'ort Arthur. . A junk, encountering a niiu'e. at the mouth of the I.iao River, -was blown up, and 20 Chinese killed and 12 wounded. Russia lias cordially accepted Great Britain's oiler to protect the Behring fisheries, and arrest 'ma rauders 111 the absence of Russian cruisers. Tlie Czar has .'granted. British ships thus engaged- coaling facilities at Petropavlovsk. These arrangements are welcomed as evi dence of tlie good understanding be t.ween Great Britain and Russia. The ThibiUui delegates stated that the treaty will be observed at once, and the Dalai I.ama's seal affixed. Tho !;adcr of the British mission insisted on the evacuation by the Thibetans of the Jong at Gyangstc by noon to-day. It is feared that upwards of 750 Scandinavians and Ifinns, including Captain Bulk and the crew of the Danish immigrant steamer Vorrre. from Copenhagen to New York, have liecn lost. The ship struck a reef near Griuiby, and gradually filled. Three boats were smashed ill launching. l'ivc others were launched, containing mostly women and children, but only two got away. The 'Times' reports Hiat the Russians are threatened with an un paralleled disaster in the shape of a w.tshaway 011 the Maiicliuriau rail way. Later: The Russians 1iave abandoned three strong lines 01 entrenchments 011 tlie ? hills commanding the en trance to Notienling. Three days' continuous downpour of rain lias converted tlie whole country into a bog, and stopped war o|)erations. Kuropatkiti lias returned to ITai clicng. . The two opposing armies bivouacked 011 each sitle of Tailing Pass. ' - ? The Russian (lciiiat-of the losses at Port - Arthirf lias amazed the Japanese officials. ..Sixty-four additional survivors from the Danish emigrant ship have been rescued. ... 