THE FEDERAL PARLIAMENT, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. Tho Speaker look tho chair yesterday at 2.30 p.m. Mr DouJkin drew attention to a state ment attributed to Sir H'oraco Tozor that an offer had boon 111 ado to supply Italian immigrants to work in tho sugar plan tations of Queensland. Ho would like to know whether tho Minister of Ex ternal Afftirs was awaro of tho offer, whether there was sufficient labor now available to replace the Kanakas, and whether there was any warrant for the statement that it would be impossible to introduco Italians. Mr. Hughes said he had 110 official in formation on the subject, and 110 offer had been made to tlie Government. He know of no reason why tho policy of tho Government rendered the worlripg of the sugjar plantations impossible, or that thero was any scarcity of labor. Mr. McDonald (Q.) wished to know if tho Minister was awaro that the Gov- taninionit ctf Queensland imported 1000 Italians to work the sugar industry, und within six montlis they left tho planta tions and woro found working in mines. Mr. Hughes: I am1 not aware of it. Mr. McDonald: It did occur all tho same, Mr. GMalloy: Is I10 awaro that tho Italians in Louisiana shot Honnessy, the Chief of Police, and everyono else there. (Laughter.) Mr. Hughes : I tun not aware of it. Air. Bamford (Q.) asked that inquiries should bo made as to the success of the Italians introduced into Queensland. Mr, Hughes said he would consider the whole question. Mr. Batcholor laid on the table the Publiu Service classification scheme. Mr. Thomas inquired as to tlie correct ness of tho statement that the Lascar crow of the Australian were guarded by police and not allowed to leave their quarters. Mr. Hughes said this was nob being dono by order of tho Commonwealth Gov ernment, and if those precautions were taken it would bo in tho interests of the Company, who wore responsible for tho egress of the men. On tho motion for going into com mittee of supply. Mr. Deukiu expressed the hope that information would ho sought from' Sir H'oraco To/.or, if any," and what proposal had been made, aud what warrant lie had for tho statement that it Would he im possible to introduce Italians. Ho spoke of the great value of Italians as agricul turists and vi'ticulturists, and asked that stops would lie takon to remove the mis apprehension under which Sir HI Tozor was laboring. Mr- Bamford (Q-) ?haped (that very careful inquiries would bo made before anything was done. He said an offer would shortly be made to the Common wealth in respect to the introduction of Danish immigrants. (Hear, hear.) Mr. McWilliams (Tas.), expressed the opinion that Italians were the worst im migrants. Mr. Page (Q.) : He is the best colonist in Queensland. Mr. O'Mallcy : He carries a knife in his boot and a razor in his pocket in the Southern States. Mr. McWilliams thought it would be a dangerous tiling to allow hordes of Italian to come in. Dir. Kennedy (V.), urged that greater opportunities should be given for land settlement, and he attributed the pros perity of New Zealand to wliat they had done in this matter. Mr. McColl thought there were 110 more desirable colonists than the people of the South of Europe, and lie hoped that the Government would take the discussion as an indication that the House would back the Government up in any efforts to de velop Australia. The Minister of Customs considered f ll U F f MA t « A1 /I AVI 4- OL/VWA/1 wiv iiivtucuu DHUHCU W1V 1UL the appointment of a High Cpmmissioner. Tho House would be pleased to learn that tho output of white grown sugar for 1904 was estimated at 277,900 tons as against 105,543 tons in 1903. Dir. Fuller (N.S.W.), held that the necessity for tho appointment of a. High Commissioner had been demonstrated. Mr. Frazer (W-A) hoped that before immigrants were encouraged the oondi-, tions would be made suitable for settle ment Dir. Wilks (N-S-W-) in a humorous 6ieet/h (incidentally remarked that his chief grievance was that lie could not find his leader. (Ministerial voices: "He must have emigrated." Laughter.) Dir. Storrex (Tas ) hoped that before holding out inducements to other people to come herer tho Government would see that employment was found for the people who aro here. I11 Tasmania tlie people who wanted land liad to go back onto the bush. There had been a lack of practical legislation to bring about land settlement. Dir. Chapman (N.S-W-) considered that something more definite w:as required from the Government- It was a noteworthy fact that whilst tho people left free trade for protectionist places, tlie opposition was in this case- Victoria was a most self-contained State and this he attributed to the Protection policy. He urged the extension of the telegraph to outlying places. The Minister of External Affairs saw no reason why Australia should not have tho benefit of Italians of a suitable class. The people of the northern races assimi- i &ted; more readily than our own race than the Latins. Sir John Forrest (W.A) pointed out that the Commonwealth controlled no land or railways, and could do little in a practical way to promote settlement. It would be better if Parliament settled down to legislate on these matters pro vided by the constitution, and refrain from action which was calculated to bring it into antagonism with the States. The matter then dropped. Conciliation and Arbitration Bill. The Conciliation and Arbitration Bill was further considered in- committee. On clause 48, on which Mr. Johnson (N.S.W.) moved .an amendment to omit the provision giving preference to members of organisations as regards employment, Dir. Spenco (N.S.W.), in opposing the amendment, asked the House to recog nise that unions were, under the Bill, giving up to the court their "powers in the right of striking. Mr. WilliB said that those on the other side wero class legislators. Dir. Page: YesT;"" first-class legislators. (Laughter.) Mr. DloCay (Vic.) said it was not in tended in the clause to compel men ( to ally themselves with organisations which had political obiects, "Enough he admitted they had a right Do have those objects. He proposed an amendment that those who apply for preference shall represent a majority of those who will be brought under tho : operation of the award. DIr Kennedy (Vic.) generally supported the amendment. , DIr- Isaacs denied that any mandate was laid on the court to give preference to unionists. He did not believe that many would be compelled by the clause to give preference to unionists. He re garded the clause as necessary and de sirable- (Ho could see no pror vision for compulsory membership. The clause simply gave power to the court to strike out industrial disputes. Shortly before 11 o'clock there was a . request for tlie adjournment of the de- I bate, but the Prime Minister would not consent unless the assurance was given that the debate would close next day. Dir. Thomson promised to try, but would give no assurance. Sir W. Lyne hoped that it was not intended to string out the debateTn order to wait for a certain gentleman who was on tho train. Dir. E. E. Smith: Is that why you are anxious for a division? Sir \V. Lyne denied that lie wanted a division. The Primo Dlinistor consented to the adjournment on tho understanding that efforts would bo made to . close the de bate on tho following day. The House rdse at 11-40 p.m. until to-day (Friday). 