" Fiat justitia runtal clum." THE I1orwoell .tstriesthr. FRIDAY, JUNE 17th, 1904. PREFERENTIAL TRADE IN CANADA. No country is so fast growing in wealth or is so fast accumulating population as the British dominions of North America. The Canadian Government has recogotsed that two things are necessary for industrial progress. It has encouraged the inflow of immigra tion ; and has offered every induce ment to the influx of capital and to the application of private enterprise. Poli ticians have there recognised that given wealth and given population, the natu ral resources will automatically open up without legislative interference. The results have already reflected them selves into the public finances, and in his budget speech last week tile Cana dian Treasurer was able to declare a surplus to the end of June of no less than £3.300,000. How very different is this condition of stability, to thelow ebb of Australian finances; and how very signifi.ent is it that the two countries have tr.versed widely Jivergent politi cal paths. The Canadian treasurer touched in his speech on one point in particular which shows considerable diversity.of views between the voters of the two countries. He declared that both parties in his Parliament are at one in advocating tne adoption of Mr Chamberlain's scheme of Imperial fiscal integrity. In this Commonwealth, on the other hand, an active opposition has arisen to the proposal of commercially uniting the Empire and of presenting an even front to forelign fiscal aggres sion. The strangest feature about the hostility shown towards preferential trade is that the arguments brought to bear are professedly bssed on the free trade hypothesis, and it is on the free trade hypothesis that Mr Chamberlain himself and his followers reason. A protectionist, to be consistent, should oppose preferential trade as being derogatory to the creed which, in spite. of all its inconsistencles, he holds so dear to his heart. In the first pIace preferen tialism has for its essence the abolition of all inter-imperial barriers which is clearly an ideal of adherents to the Cobden policy. In the second place the ultimate object of Mr Chamberlain's scheme is by adopting the powerful weapon of united retaliation to accelerate the freedom of trade throughout the world. Both the trade and the manu facturing industry of Great Britain are suffering from the fiscal barriers which surround the markets of others countries including those of her own colonies. Mr Chamberlain purposes lowering the colonial duties on English goods by offering reciprocal advantages to these outlying portions of the Empire and to modify the hostile charges levied by foreigners on imports by retaliating to whateye? extent proves necessary. The t question which people of the mother j country have to ask themselves is whether or not the benefits of Imperial fiscal unity and the commercial fighting strength thus gained, are of sufficient magnitude to warrant the imposition of small duties on the products of foreign countries. The problem is not one which can be decided by a sweep of tlhe arm or by the rhetoric of eloquent oratory; but the rets and figures with which the public of the United Kingdom has recently been deluged, have served c to turn the weight of popular opinion in I favor of the innovation. Many months of controversy have now revealed the strength of both sides of the argument to electors, and every issue bearing on the discussion has been ex asatively dealt with. Under such circumstances it is reasonable to announce the body oa voters to have arrived at a carefully weighed out and approximately correct decision. In the colonies, however, no such depth of enquiry was I necessary before the pros and const are measured. This fast has been recognised in Canada and Canadian political parties divided on most other' subjects have ceased discusa'lno it. The question of whether A shall boy goods from B in consideration of a certain bonus is, when A makes a profit whether Ihe gets the bonus or not, almost too plainly soluble to warrant discussion. It pays the colonies to purchase the manufactures of the 1 United Kingdom because the natural resources of the former favor energy being applied with greater profit to theI production of the raw material titan. to anything else. Therefore, when Mr Chamberlain comes alono with an offer that Australia, Canada, etc., shdondl continue and extend this profiLble arrangement; and that over and above the ordinary economical benefits accru ing from the transaction, the Unsted Kingdom should offer a monoply of hbr markets, the wonder is that there should be any hesitation ashout clinching a bargain offering so much in return for so little. No economist free from the superstition and not steeped in the error of a fiscal policy can arrive at a concis sion derogatory to that reached by the advocates of Imperial fiscal unity. AT the usual meeting of the C.E. Society on Monday night, a very interesting and enjoyable paper' on "'Characier" was given by Mr Smith. Subject for next Monday night, "Ques tion Box." All welcome. Tun estimated population of Victoria on January 1st last was 1,208,tt54 605,361 nmtales, 603.493 females; Accor ding to official returns the. sotal on March 31St was 1.206.867 -603,247 males, 603,020 females-a reduction of 1,987 persons. The natural incresee was 3.669, and the excess of emigration was 5,656 The immigration as recorded was 21,849. and toe emigration 25,644. New South Wales gained from thi. state 1,282 persons; Western Australia, 1.857; New Zealand, 908. A STAnT has been made with th. earthworks on the Moe-Walalla 'line. About thirty men are engaged on the enmbankment where the Ine will cross the main drain about two miles fmun Mone, and others wilt shortly be put on A number of men who have been em ployed clearing the route, twelve miles out of Moe, have returned to Melbourne, and others are leaving daily to re join the ranks of :th unemployed in the metropolis. Some of tle mren, we are informed, ldid not earn their tucker simply because they ouslln't work, and the cheif reason of their Ihasty return to Melbourne was because they could get no more arorisions on "tick." ArraNTION is drawn in our advt. column to a lecture, in aid of St. Mary's Vicarage Building Fund, by the Rev. Frank Lynch, M.A., on Wednesday next, June 22nd,entitlel "Irish Wit andt Humour." Several musical items have been promised so the public may look forward to an enjoyable entertain ment. Tua Agr'cultural classes are now successfully estab'ished in the Warragul centre and the attendance maintain s,a very satisfactory average. Over 80 names are now on the membership roll. The lecturers are all yonng men, but it is plainly manifest that each has made h particular sttudy of his subject. The urilisarion of manures by Mr. Lee, and the lectures on veterinary science are ierhaps the most popular so far, the excellent slides used by Mlr Rudduek in describing the physiological formation of the horse and cow being highly appreciated. Mir lart's demonstrations in poultry dressing were also much ad tired, while his sensible remarks, punctuated by such .,perations as rees sing a chicken or turning a turkey in side out, were higllyappreciated. Dur ing the coming week most interesting lectures will be given, and we would again imFress upon all young men who desire to improve themselves, to allow nothing to stand in the way of taking advantage of this exceptional oppor tunity. Each student may acquire knowledge for nothing, which in after years will be worth hundreds of pounds to him. Man Solly. M.L.A. has reported to the Trades-hall Council that the Tom Mann committee .ad recognised the good work done by Mr Mann. unanl riously decided that it was desirable to retain his services- permanently in Vic toria. That wish was expressed also by public meetings. The committee felt that as only the fringe of politicrl organisation had been touched, it would be a great mistake to drop it, and that the greatest effort shoold be made to retain their organiser's services. They a so suggested that Mr hMann should be made the controller of all political machinery in Victoria, in the expectation that under him even greater success than at the last election woulj be achied. The comnmittee asked that an auditor be appointed. to consider tihe accounts, to allow a full report to be prepared for the next meeting. The report was adopted, and Mr CU. iHarris was elected auditor. Mr Solly mentioned that tie state Lahbour party had agreel to contributle ?18 a month to the organismg fund. The adjourned charge against Charles and Jessie E. Dove, which was post- toned from last week, came on for hearing on Monday afternoon before Mr Cresswell, and Messers Pettit, Duncan. and West. Senior- constable Noble prosecuted, and Mr Serjeant appeared for the defence, the case being heard with closed doors. Both prisoners were committed for trial at the next sitting of the Sale Supreme Court in July. Accused were let out on the same bail as previously fixed. A. MILEAI and Co. will conduct a special sale, at their Morwell yards, to-day, whlen they will have a good yarding of mixed cattle and asheep. MEssns Serjeant and Bruce, solicitors, of Traralgon, announce that they will h visit Aloe, every Wednesday and may be consulted at Mra Price's Coffee Palace between 9.30 and 11.30 n.m. Mn W. Edney's farm and residence at Morwell Dridge is advertised for sale. Full particulars can be had fromnt Mr II. M'lntosht, Morwell. IT is proposed to hold a bazaar to a clear the debt off the Yinnar Mechanics' hall. All interested are inritoi to attend a meeting in the hall on Wed- F nesday afternoon next. IMn O1t. . Wise, of Sale, one of the s defeated candidates for Gipppsland North has instituted law proceedings against Mr H. A. Luke for remarks whichb appeared in "The Mercury" on the political situation prior to the election. A TERnntllLe burning accident befel a girl named Scott. aged 18 years, last 1 week. She was in the employ of Mr t Trimble, produce dealer of Sale, and was engaged in cleaning a stove when t her garments caught fire, and in a 1 moment she was enveloped in flames. No one was present at the moment, but, I fortunately ter screams attracted atten- i tion. and-the flames were'extinguished, but not before the poor girl had had t most of her garments. including her I stays, burned off. Medical remedies having been supplied, site was removed to the hospital, where her condition has been most serious, but we are glad to learn that site may be considered now out of danger. On Tuesday afternoon last Mr A. Lawdorn and Miss Eva Varney. of Tanjil South, were united in the bonds of wedlock in the Sacred Heart Church, Morwell, by the Revd. E. J. Colman. The bridesmaid was Miss Lawdorn, whilst Mr D. Shepherd acted as best man. The happy couple left by the evening train. IT will be learned with sincere regret that Sir-George Turner is seriously ill. Dr R S. Stirling, whoi is in attendance. stated in the course of a conversation on Tuesday evening that Sir George's health has been impaired for some time by too elose attention to his public duties. About a month ago an inflam mation of the glands occurred, which required an operation, which was per formed early this month. Since then his condition has not materially changed, and, ilthoueh the symptoms are painfunl and debilitating. Dr, Stirling confidently expects that there will be an early im provemelnt in his patients nosndition. Convalescence will be tedious, and, un der any circumstances, the resumption sf political work by Sir George will he ou of the questist for a considerable period. On the motion of Mr Deakin, in the house of r.ptesentaires on Tues day, one month's leave of absence was granted to Sir. George Turner. . Mn. Livingston, M.L.A., is to be entertained at a dinner in the Victoria hall, Alberton, on June 24, in honor tsf his return as representative of South Gippsland. A'wtrwxss before the Butter Com mission on Tuesday told an interesting story related to him while on a voyage to Denmark. The narrator was in the butter business, and stated that in one season he huaght Australian butter in Lond m, shipped it over -to Denmark, hari it repacked in casks, and sold it in London at a profit of £1 per cwt. The witness said that some makes of Aus tralian butter were very like Danish. and, if similarly packed, it could be sold as such. He was of opinion that Aus tralian butter, if properly handled, was as good as, if ant better than, the Danish article. Throughout Denmark, he said, there was Government supervision, and not so much as a pint of milk could be sold unless it had been pasteurised. R. PEiAOIAL.?NoTI .-O.' . Maxwell i* clearing all his Waterproof coats at cost price.0 C. G. MAzxw rLL has just opened upa splendid assort.ent of Men's Tailor made suits and intends offering them at very low prices to clear.a Tna mission of the Rev. J. A. Dowie in London has closed abruptly. Mr Dowie, on reading in the newspapers on Monday of Mrs Dowie's exclusion from the Hotel Russell, and of the fact that no hall could be secured for his own services, exclaimed dramatically, "Hea then England has refused me." lie suddenly crossed tihe channel into France, and will start forthwith by a French steamer for New York. Many cripples and other invalids awaited him at the Zionite Tabernacle, in order that the faith-healing cure might re employed on them. They were greatly disappointed when informed of Mr Dowie's flight, and the meeting broke ou in confusion. 