SUMMARY. A little boy was killed at. Ipswich yester day. (Pago S.) b'oniD lumiHii remains have been found in the Boar. Passage. (Pago 6.) Mr. John Rcid lately visited Tasmania and Victoria. (Page 3.) Tho - tiout.h Brisbane Benevolent Society met yesterday. (Pago 15.) The criminal sittings of tlio Supreme Court were continued yesterday. (Pago 13.) A youth wan thrown from a horse at titono's Corner yesterday. (Pago S.) Tho matter of Danish immigration baa been brought before Mr. Morgan. (Pago 7.) Tho Hill End Presbyterian Mission anni- yoisiv celebration took niaoa this week, (i'ugo 7.) Several persons were injured in a vehicular collision nt Rosalie yostorday evening. (Page 8.) A capital idea for cleaning water tanks has been introduced by Mr. F. H. Curloss, of Indooroopilly. (Pago 3.) At a meeting of tho Sandgato llogatta Committee last evening it was decided that tho usual regatta bo hold on Now Year's Dav. (Pago 3.) tin- George 'J urner is suffering from a severe attack of lumbago. (Page 7.) Tho coal trimmers on strike at Newcastio were given another opportunity of resuming work yesterday, but ilioy refused. (Pago 7.) tiir Genrgc Turner was so incensed at the treatment of the estimates that it wus with difficulty that ho was prevented from tender ing his resignation. (Page 7.) There are 75,000 Rtreot beggars iu London. (Pngo 7.) General Botha favours tho agitation to make the Transvaal a white mnti's countrv. (Page 7.) . Tho French Premier has introduced a bill for tho separation of churuli and Stato in Franco. (Page 7.) At Oxford University seven out of nine "vents were won by Rhodes soholars from America, (Page 7.) 'l'iio Parliament of Great Britain has been asked to puss a bill for tho compulsory vaccination of tramps, (Pago 7.) Tlio discussion on tlio Anglo-French Con vention has again been adjourned in tho Chamber of Deputies. (Pago '7.) The nude between Great Britain and India for the year ended 31st March lust showed un increase of £20,000,000. (Pago 7.) Lord Lunsdowno's Guildhall speech has created an excellent, impression abroad, especially in regard to tho nonce movements. (Pnge G.) It is rumoured in London that tho Right Hon. Andrew Graham Murray has been offered the High Commissionership in South Africa. (Page 7.) A labour conference at Pretoria lias recom mended tho prohibition of nil Asiastic immi gration unless under the labour importation ordinance. (Page 7.) Sir Henry Cninp'ooll Biumermun declares thut Mr. Chamberlain lias raised a fiscal agitation to cover up tho failure of his South African policy.' (Pngo 7.) Frnuco is buildiiig ten submarine?. (1'uge 7.) Many Poles are rejoicing openly nt Russia's dofcats. (Pago G.) A -number of deserters at Wnrshaw have been shoe without trial. (Pugo G.) No money is in circulation at Port Arthur. Wages lire paid in kind. (Page G.) Russia has protested against the mobilise- 'tiou of Pwedish warships" (Page G.) >, The Port Arthur garrison are emaciated itifough lack of sufficient, food. (Page 6.) 'phe railway lino in Korea from Seoul hus hat) been completed by tho Jananese. (Pa)go 7.) _ TJtia city of Port Arthur has been ren dered uninhabitable owing to the Jananese siege gutis. (Pago 6.) 'lire remainder of the Russian fleet, whioh is at .Libun, will sail at un eurly date for the far casti (Pago, 6.) " ' The' section -of the Baltic fleet proceeding eastward from Tangier, has arrived at Suda Uny, CfOte. (Page 6.) Danish torpedo boats aro on tho watch to protect Danish shipping from uttaek by tie Bnltite fleet. (Pago 6.) Mnny ov tho peasant reservists in southern Russia have pillaged and burnt tho mansions of the landlords. (Page G.) Tho bodies of tho dead at Port Arthur are boitig thrown into a dock containing only a fow inches c|f water. (Pago 0.) Tlio Japslnese act an army warehouse on fire at Port (Arthur with tho eiego guns and exploded a bpttery.Pugo 6.) , 