Most %t%M. PUBLISHED DAILY. of any in the place where I apt demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. . Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Rejected letters cannot be returned under any circumstances whatever. Correspondents are advised to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will he adhered to strictly. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 3, 1904. X description, such as we published yesterday, of Mr. Chamberlain's policy and aspirations, derived directly from his own statements, cannot but command attention. It helps to explain at once the strength and the weakness of his position. Our contributor brings a out ' clearly the youthful enthusiasm, the persistent energy, and the personal force which Mr. Chamberlain has brought to the propagation of his now gospel. That his original idea AIMS to bind the empire into an organic whole to make of it it structure of solid masonry which would defy the storms and dilapidations of future years, is plainly apparent. As an ideal such a conception is, no doubt, attractive, especially Yvheu put forward by a persuasive orator who has fallen in love with it himself. But it is a far cry from; a charming ideal seen through a mist of suffused light to a practical policy to be worked out here and now in the dry light of actual facts. Another, ideal, one founded on facts and derived from ex perforce, was put forward by an English statesman, to whom Mr. Chamberlain himself would readily do homage as to a greater man-Edmund Burke. Almost alone in his day he saw the fatal error which led to the loss of the American colonies. "My hold of the " colonies," he said, "Is it the close " affection which grows from common " names, , from kindred blood, from " similar privileges, and equal protect " tion. These are facts which, though " light as air, are as strong as links of " iron." Burke warned his countrymen against the very mistake into which Mr. Chamberlain HOW seems to be lending them. "Do not entertain so were], an imagination as that your " registers and your bonds, your affl " davits and ''your sufferances, your " cockets and your clearances, are " what form the great securities of " your commerce. ,', It is the spirit of " the English Constitution, which, in " fused through the mighty mass, per " vades, feeds, unites, invigorates, " vivifies every part of the empire, " even down to the minutest ment be." Preferential trade or an Imperial Customs Union can, as Mr. Chamberlain admits, rest only upon mutual concessions; but a mutual concessions mainly mutual, obligations. Every article of a Customs compact would be a limitation on the UAV free relations of the motherland and the daughter states. The chances of fric- tion, the opportunities of breeding Ill will, would be multiplied a thousandfold. There are always meddlesome, mischievous people who rejoice In making the most of any little difference that may occur; and the field for their civil practices would be extended if fiscal shackles replaced the present voluntary association of the British states-. Imperial loyalty Is the product; of Imperial freedom, yet by a peculiar perversion of reasoning Mr. Chamberlain has arrived at the conclusion that it will destroy itself unless It is caught and encased in a strait waistcoat. \ Not only does Sir. Chamberlain's policy suggest danger to the unity of an empire YAiiich has found itself through the development of the parts, each free to cultivate its own individuality, but it has already produced discord in his party and an unparalleled condition of chaos and hesitation in the public life of the motherland. Preferential trade, when it had to be discussed calmly as an economic doctrine, led him step by step to accept the views of free-traders, whom he had in former years unsparingly condemned, until at last he reached a mental attitude indistinguishable to ordinary eyes from that of an avowed protectionist. Mr. Chamberlain does not profess to have the majority of the people with him at the present time, he does not even expect to convert them to his VICAVS at the next general election. The present Ministry is to go; a new Ministry is to arise; It is to go too, and the country is to be again appealed to before it will be ready to accept and enforce the new faith. Is this not looking a long way ahead, and neglecting altogether the issues which 'they spring up to wholly change the course of events and of national thought to Sir. Chamberlain':, out- look as printed yesterday there seem to be many preparations for navigating a car which has not yet been so much as discovered. In the meantime this only is certain, that a once strong Ministry is surely approaching its end, and a once united party is already breaking up. About the destructive effects of Sir. Chamberlain's great policy there can be no question. About what is to 'follow Avlien new combinations have been formed hostile to his proposals the prospect is not so certain. It is a new thing in Imperial politics for British statesmen to look so far ahead as Mr. Chamberlain is doing, and ordinary people, who make no pretence to understanding seers, have the right to wonder whether one who underwent so many developments of' view between May and September last year even understands himself. In the meantime, no one can tell whether Mr. Balfour thinks he sees as far as Mr. Chamberlain, or regards looking into the future as hopeless business for any. but inspired prophets, and is philosophically awaiting the arrival of Nvlint over late the of til sure may have in store for himself in like (Government. The only signs of the times is the loss by the party of one year after the other, till HOW- it seems as. easy for the Liberals to win Conservative seats as it little while ago it was to win beats which had always been classed as doubtful. Whenever my criticism of Australian legislation or administration is made in England it is the fashion here to say that the facts have been misrepresented by biassed and unscrupulous, correspondents. If only the people of England knew the truth, they would be highly pleased with Australian acts and aspirations. Quite a different attitude to this is taken by Mr. C. Kinloch Cooke, the editor of the "Umpire ." Review," published in London. He complains that Australians try to minimise and glaze over Australian legislation and Australian tendencies, placing them in the most favourable light before the British public. For instance, he resents the statement made by air. Irvine In England that a great deal of misapprehension exists there as to the attitude of the Australian Governments with regard to Immigration. " I can assure him," says the writer, " that there is no such misapprehend " sion, We are quite as capable of " judging the effect of Australian eggs lation on ourselves as Australians are " as to the effect on themselves of any legislation passed in this country." The Review proceeds to say that the object of the labour contract clauses is patent to anyone who has read the clauses and the debates, and what the people are concerned about at home Is the effect given to the clauses by administration. He agrees with Mr. Irvine that the clauses were passed to pre " vent employers in Australia during a strike from swamping a particular " trade;" but he asks Mr. Irvine to say whether British workmen who go out I under contract when there is no strike in progress will be admitted? If a contractor wishes to put down some special mining machinery with his own workmen accustomed to that particular duty, would they be admitted? Would a farmer who is begged to go to Altered tralia and settle be allowed to bring his farm and domestic servants with him under contract? Sir. Irvine was I amiably desirous of speaking as favour 1 ably of our laws as he could, but it is probable that he has deemed it wise to leave these questions unanswered. In dealing with what he terms "the " Australian peril," socialism, the writer makes it clear that an exceedingly keen watch is being kept upon Australian doings and tendencies. He goes behind what the telegraphic correspondents say about Mr. Watson and his party; he goes behind what Mr. "Watson says himself officially, and examines the aims of the Labour party as expressed in the organ of that party, the "Worker," published in Brisbane "extend the functions of colleen effort state and municipal; narrow the domain of private enterprise and individual greed. By leaps and bounds if possible; little by little if it must be so; but somehow all the time. Seizing every opportunity to place upon the statute-book measures making for the public ownership and control of public utilities. Taking all we can get for the people, and giving as little as we can-that is how the Co-operative Commonwealth will finally be brought to pass. Unless, indeed, the' robbers, made desperate by threatened dis- possession, should provoke to sterner courses." In the same issue there is a message from the Prime Minister, conveying, on behalf of the Labour party, heartiest congratulations to the "Worker'' on attaining its fourteenth anniversary, and trusting that Its invaluable educa- tive labours may prove increasingly effective each succeeding year. This is the kind of thing that is now published by the Review all over the empire, stamped with the approval of the Prime Minister of the Commonwealth. Do away with private enterprise; take all for the people and give as little compensation as possible; great pro- perty-owners as robbers, describe them as such, and take stern measures with them if they are rendered desperate by threatened dispossession. And Mr. Watson hopes that this sort of teach- ing may be continued and become increasingly effective. This is no garbled statement of the aspirations of the Labour party disseminated by an opponent. It is the programme of the organ of the party, published along with all good wishes from its lender. The " Empire Review," standing at a distance, Is mistaken in one thing; it over- estimates the influence and success of the Labour party in Australia. It does not appreciate the division of the oppos- ing parties through which its temporary prominence has been gained. It will be the duty of the electors and their representatives to demonstrate to the empire that the Labour party does not represent, the Commonwealth, and that the vast majority of the people abhor the teaching which Mr. Watson hopes will be continued and become increasingly effective. There is a grave danger in looking at large public questions from one point, of view alone. By regarding them only in the bearings upon a single class or group, even men of knowledge and experience may have their vision clouded and their horizon narrowed. By limiting the field of sight a distorted' appearance may be given to the object under examination. Home such process seems to have been at work in the production of the report drawn up by state marine officers upon the proposed federal navigation laws. Whether the order of reference was at fault or the methods of Inquiry were restricted, it is difficult to escape the conclusion that the framers of the report had but one chief object, namely, to consider how the legislation could best help the men employed in the shipping trade. Such an object is laudable enough, but it should always be subsidiary to the interest of the general public. Our principal aim as a people should be to see that the public get the freest and best use out of the shipping that trades to and from our ports. The local shipping trade does not seem to stand in any special need of extraordinary legislative support. Wages are high on the Australian coast probably higher than in any other part of the world-the profits are known to be considerable, and freights are unusually heavy. If we may accept the statements of business men, who complain that it costs more to send produce from, say, Tasmania to Fremantle, or Brisbane to Adelaide, than from Australia to London. Should the public Interests be sacrificed to the privileges of those engaged in the coastal trade? To understand the public interest a wide survey from a high plane is HLcessaiA Almost no) conclusion can be drawn from a sec cloud ON mills then in a hill light The Pre cent of the Legislative Council (Sir Henry Wrixon) has given notice that he will em Attain to issue a writ for the election of a inquiries at the Bendigo pro vin of to take the place of the late Mr ti IV In the Icg lillie A ably As IcitliA Mt s0Hv (gave notice of his indenture to move that all in his in connect in with the lemon! is firm office of KO from in ( Itronn he had upon the table of the lion t ml that a return shun HIt, the mind el of officers of the 1! lilly iv ill titillent who since 1892 and he had el Voluntarily or compal only the length of tiles tel vice and the amount of their pensions be also prepaid Mr Bent intimated that he would not let either of the notices be pi ned upon the unopposed hut and so far is it Brown's etc xv is concerned he would not live in) uniform lion as already legal proceedings had been commenced The Premier (Mr. Bent) anticipating the passing of the Surplus Revenue bill t steel mast fictions y ester IJ to the officers of the Public Works d payment to proceed with the prep tration of the plans of sent in w his mentioned in the relief rule The S un improvements. the Elwood. MI imp the Moe swamp are certain of the ivitetivoil» ml stone culture. work on the new central station are to be dealt with it once an important article on the agricultural outlook appeals on page 7 H embraces a detailed mount of the line and ill during June and July at the chief recording stations of the Melbourne Olivetv mot v through out the table and HIMI Reports from our correspondents in the principal ngrieiiltin i] centres on the condition of the young twin crops the pastures the dim) rag outlook and the result of the recent lambing The reports present a highly ftiAomiblc view of the outlook in the agricultural districts The Minister of Water Supply (Sir Svun burne) speaks in terms of the highest admiration of the work done by the Bilhnt Water Trust under the guidance of the tie Alt J Noble Wilson During his visit to Ballarat, a few days ago he CNimmcil the water ICSCIAO« and Aims Mitptiscd to (use them so excellently managed In forestry work especially the trust has made great progress The julius insignis is being planted. extensively at a cost of J/2 pet tree, and those which were plotted 30 years ago are now being sold for about 24/3 ich A three years contract has been entered into with a local saw miller to clear 100 acre and about 50 to 175 an acre is realised Despite the recent dictum of the Premier (Sir Bent), that nobody) but a lunatic would plant a pinus insignis these trees are found especially useful in catchment areas, as they kill the grass and prevent the fund possessing an) attractions to those who might indulge an surreptitious gracing Out side the catchment areas the Ballarat Trust own 2,000 acres of land which is rented at ttttsfictoi) prices Sir Swinburne is making inquiries to ascertain if the Balhral system cannot be applied to other water areas throughout the state On JULY 20 the determination of the Aitiftcnl Slamues Bonidxvas announced, the minimum wage for employes being fixed at f 2/0/0 The employers have now petitioned the Chief Secretary), asking for the determination to he suspended, as the) claim, the whole trade will be impounded if such a wage as adopted They had to face the competition of phosphate manures, imported from Japan, India, Germany, and other countries where labour is cheap The Chief Secretary is considering the petition The facts that there exists in Boulder City ' no reasonable facilities for ascertaining the correct time, and that this town is not mitted by its inhabitants to be of importance ' and to have great future prospects ' were not called in a question which Mr lin?ei (W V) who represents Kal gooiho'Viit to the Postmaster General (Ali Sealion) who represents Coolgardie Assn evidence that he was not actuated by any feelings of petty civil), Sir Station read a memorandum which had been prepared in the neutral corner) of Spring street, Melbourne From this memorandum it NABS made clear that however, great the future prospects of the town are in a general way, there is no prospect of it getting a clock at the expense of the Postmaster General a department Sir AInhon did not even express regret that the residents had no reasonable facilities for telling the time He API) coldly) remarked that it was a matter for which the Postmaster General's department it is not responsible fortunately), IIOVVCACI the determination of the department is not likely to come as a si ock to Boulder Ot) Sti Station in respectfully) inv getting the rest dents to follow the example of other cities, and purchase a clock for themselves, made an allusion to a previous decision This seemed to indicate that some negotiations in another sphere had preceded the precise and formal language of the question and answer in the House of Representatives the Oneness Onrahttool on board les lands) 100 boxes of the new season's butter for London lines is practically) the first direct shipment of the new seasons butter to Great Britain It was stated in a memo random furnished by Mr Crowe to the director of Agriculture that the Medic left on 'saturday with the first shipment but the Senate was then on her way to Sydney) for the discharge of cargo She will return to Melbourne, and will not leave till the 19th inst, homeward bound The Medic took on board 1009 boxes of butter, put New South Wales and part Victorian Y portion of this butter Aiassont to Melbourne for local sale but the market being dull it was shipped to Great Britain in the Medic The Oiiznbis butter AAIII hear London Alecks ahead of the Siecle, s It is india paled but there will be in full) uni poor this season, and that before the end of the month Regular consignments will be made to London -yesterday) s sitting of the Butter Commission was occupied by the evidence of Mr. J. Dougall a member of the him of Messrs Wood, Dunn and Co and of Mr W Herbert upon the auditor to the line Mr Dou- til Al is ex unmeet at considerable long It, b) Ali Duffy counsel for Wood Dunn and Co and denied the allegations made by Ald A ult At that the him had else the 1 the sup pliers of their money AUtcli of All Robert iron s evidence was technical is one of the details not being in fairly coinptelicntlcl by Mr Croker vi hose Lil 111 per site nee wis ncces Ma) to mile it but 11 The CN munition was in mill on the debate commissioned count in I the wife s undertook to pro duct cent in varieties which caused him to pass items of payment MUCC J in), 1903 it which (late Alt Donvill And killed the pay meet of tiiniinisnious cc race at the con club son of the sitting the eli ninian fold Ali a lot of that there was no occasion to pin MID the matter of commissions further as the commission were satisfied that Wood Dunn in i Co had paid (them but the commission would like to trace £10 which up pers in the books as having been paid to Ahs A it is the common sion will sit again this morning when Mr Robertson will be further examined At the meeting of the council of the Chamber of Commerce held yesterday in a calm report from the committee appointed to inquire into the Navigation Bill DAVIS submitted together with one from the Legisla The committee of the Chamber recommends in certain alter unions in leg and to the hide Alma s Bill Both reports were adopted by the council and the president and vice a resident of the chamber were up pointed to watch the people of the bride Mails Bill through the federal Parliament An invitation was received from the Com- monwealth Treasurer for an expression of the chamber s opinions is to the expediency of other IA is of immediate) decimalising Hie i outage of the Commonwealth on the basis suggested by the select committee which was appointed by the House of He me&cntutiics; in June, 1901. It was deposed to comply with the request, and as for. w up the ties of the chamber on the subject to the le James J lie Poctm 1 test (series ii I t. decided to TJ, in test the thrills of light motor ed to schemes to be used for killing unit writing from city pull it boxes Last unit en HIS employed in Melbourne for a month but the ii in Mipinntcntlcnt reported that is that not one in fiction and the old mill in regions where it ought met a . is, in it he is part of a (sum intern led in a former. Alt Mahon In honour agreed to another -- in which will be begun at once Send night the Pie late of Melbourne "Not the se team against the project to in upon the shoulders of the "militants who might he appointed as pi ice soil o! I let it i nil Did he tumut study it the Theo! grain li di, Ut mond College the 1 dition 1 burden of te telling the subjects of pi til theology and the manner and the age of the picture tin Itn III union and that the thing could be more it is to the pulpit education of young men than to a ton down upon them the modes and method, of some one man who might line elf be a dry as dust c in effective preacher but who e methods were lifted only to him self He also their attention to the fact that when the Argus. recently waters lew ed the Rev. 1! 11 1 relief and some other preachers as to their modes of preparing a sermon no two of the timber- agreed amongst them he-' then methodical pi an. idea which had made the different Dr Hen ton in goal that when a hie lectureship on preaching in 1 its matter and manner in wanted in the old hands now some in tin crushed and since saul are then engaged in the arduous work of the ministry a is the on the i lecturers were changes are quietly so that there in. a met) and effectiveness and no one for field mode was fastened down upon the students An thing could be more of deal lied to Kill the include the. mile scenes. of young men and desire, state of mind and of effect fineness than the appointment of a profes set of lights, is the exponent to the student of the is both different matter of how to pie man and to do singly and with power the of one of the ministry in a tram ous age like ours In the General Sessions before Judge Chomley yesterday, a woman named Cecilia Mason pleaded not guilty on a charge of 1 ir cent and receiving and was defended by Mr Sonnenberg the use for the Oona has sent a young man named John Joseph Ryan who is in town horn Koroit went for a drive to Brighton with the accused and another woman n lined Al it hickson who had already pleaded guilty of the same of fence On the it If luck Utan discovered that he had been robbed of two sovereigns and turned the cabman to drive to the police station but the latter refused and Ria n t mt on foot The woman drove off and stopping at an hotel early change 1 a sovereign, and paid the cabman V The accused said she was so drunk that she did not know anything that occurs nil them. found guilty of receiving, and reminded for sentence t y not of feature was introduced in The hearing of a claim for compensation before the Licensing Compensation Court yesterday, when the Oona t dilatory having re turned that an hotel was being conducted at a loss, the Crown offered no suggestion is to the payment of compensation they claim under consideration it is that of Tcon ore Pudney, licensee of the . Victoria Had Parade Hotel, who asked for £l78/]o/U In compensate her for the loss of business and depreciation in furniture. The Crown lands tion teas that the monthly returns tickets 8/7 and expenses chargeable again t Hi. £10/0/2 life arbitrators after inspected; the hotel agreed to in and the licensee. 2/0 Mr Kilpatrick appeared for the Conn uni Jil O unison for the licensee 1 audience was taken on the claim of Charles Henry who licensee of the Non 1 Empire Hotel the month') receipts were a. Linn ted it will 13/4, and the expenditure £27/14/9 shown, a profit of £3/18/, or £47/1 per annum siding to this 181 for depreciation of fur Irvine made the total claim 1131/1/ the case for the licensee was not concluded it when the Court adjourned complete change of scene has occurred in the Banco Court where Mr. Justice Holroyd has for the last fortnight been patiently listening to the landing of length, evidently (taken on commission in the A unfasten corset case Nott the Court has been trans- Xoimid into something the like the living, room of a large of every establishment Models and busts of the feminine figure adorned with corsets of many colours have been brought into light of day from one of the anterooms of here they have been stored since the trial commenced in order that their properties of usefulness and he exhibited to the Court and explained by a lady demonstrator., who whilst giving her c\ dance admitted that she had emulated the example of one of our Supreme Court judges be doing pathetic her lunch on many occasions through her anxiety to demonstrate the vii loss of her name to the leading Melbourne establishments the expert in question, Afadimc Minim Hulm who has had considerable experience in Messrs Weingai ten's wholesale each h ment in New York. in other lilting quite bewildered the Court and learned counsel with the technicality of her Let me One article is as described as a straight contest bias cut gored corset Whilst mother and expressively described as a deep h li cor set Altogether the entries explained there were 25 different shapes mile In this AVeingirten there being entirely different shapes for stout and thin people or according to Air Patten violation of the en dence for elongated ladies for ladies and the allies' Madame Lilian iii- in the box for the best part of the time it action has been instituted in the High Court by Allan. Hall and Co are housemen, of riindcislnne again at the collector of Customs, in a high tree plaintiff seek to ascertain what duty that is all that on oil bone, and (line a refund of Um sitting ___72/7 ind 0/10 respectively to by them on the shipments of that article the market committee of the City Council reported at yesterday s meeting that consideration had been given to the (jue tion of the erection of sheds and the holding of a man 1 it on the N. of the Carlton market MR. but that the tin etc unable to reinterment the establishment of a market at the fire sent time Councillor Iel lies moved the adoption of the report of hut was SL S though Councillor Inches aside It strom, molest against the centralisation of bu inc. 't tie- A Kton i Al as a tiller, fies!, pom, could be broken by the c-lnbh-lmient of a nest match A return compiled EVA the Metropolitan Board of Works shows that up to July 7 last 05 278 houses were connected with the sex or age system-23 471 h) the board in 3bS07bv ounces During the week end lull 28 therewith 202 houses connected I nil 1 203 connections were in progress The first connection with the 'evvene;e=i cm was made on August 17, ISO"' nest H even years ago so that on an muse over GNR houses are connected eye) veil Her Melbourne and Alttiopohlin Bin I of Works yesterday) considered in committee the yet in it- of the lad mee committee lion in the estate In) recent Is mid types limit for the ACiu ending June 30 and the c li mate of money) available in 1 required for the week ending June 12 Won -easily di each ton vi is one signed by the re the li which were, however, accepted prictic au i the) stood and no dates lions 11 even pot dance were made in the estimates He will again be brought form but before the board it next leads; s "feeling allied .; expected that the) wil had me. I in r present form with little if no .',tr.1'»,1 no antagonism having been nihilists in regard to my of the items -"Amadintes union has lately been for mel inAlelbou.nt amongst University '";- the purpose of stadium FOCI il ¡l'ic=l"»n» seen is offer in 1 been a, meets T '?,''[, ' Aloud is) the song of each month at 3 2 in he James; Are a tree, Little Col. sheet On August 1 the class begin I work will, the study of the Got renew? them or dark finish muuccitient J if story it is led by) Canon Stephen Alley i mc discussion of the system "assist Aclopments i general opinion was OPEN that the adoption of the modification of an oyster sUKRCsleel In Now three and stir well s bookS The temperance 1 robber. < most"elcsnabletluotighotit tresses of U term the class it present cons -is ing dances and is open to an office., and may wish to join A deputation will wait on USES Acted to attend Yesterday the half year, means? a * A'lctom auxiliaries of the >"'"]" .,_, reign Bible sets Estates IN Society's rooms, Little Co India's" UNO Rev T B Cmns occupied the the rain S of the society) The Rev W S Rolland, the home society), was availed) congratulated on his nomination as mode, item of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria it was reported that in recognition of the Rev J L Gison'o valued services to the society he had been appointed a life governed by the central London committee and on the motion of Sir W Webb seconded by) the Rev. Hume Robertson a minute was recorded ex 1 Lessing pleasure at the honour conferred on Ali GasonandtheAittoiiaiux.har.es The usual routine business was transacted, and the annual public meeting was fixed to take place at the Atheneum hill on October 19, at which the Rev. Dr. Ridley formerly Bishop of Caledonia, British Columbia!, will preside The monthly meeting of the l'lCsbitei) of Melbourne North III held yesterday afternoon at the Assembly) Hall Collins-street the moderator (Rev V \Ar Butler) presiding The report of the coming Jones who visited the congregation at W h street and district was submitted by the Rev J Matthew, and in part adopted, a question of licences being referred back to the cost the sion The Rev J A. 1 test reported that the south dillon congregation had nominated Messrs A. B Hogan li Mahon, and J A Alvie to be trustees of the church property and Nit his request they were appointed by the presbytery Irene AVIS granted to the Kilmore church to moderate in a call to the ministerial charge in succession to the late Rev John "Steele on August 18 It was reported that the Rev R ill III it) of A\ dhanistovin, who recently) submitted himself to a surgical operation, xi is convalescent and would be sure his ministry) at the beginning of next month An animated discussion took place on a remit from the Roman sion of the Presbytery Assembly relative to meeting of the subjects of headaches and pieces of theology in conjunction with the Jlehitiv time it Ormond College Professor Alec Pound moved, and the Rev A Hardie seconded, that the subjects he include 1 1 lit motion, which was strenuously opposed by Dr Rentoul and the Rev A. Stew lit AVIS eventually carried by 18 votes to 17 V in reference to the vacancy in the Hebrew little, notice was given by seven ii members of their intention to Thomas tie for the position at the next meeting the following gin ! letter i effective el v -the Revs A Skene 11 At Bums li Slum) . lolly Smith and J Slattery. The meeting was then adjourned The Bishop of Melbourne has issued his mandate summoning the eye. veil and la be present dues of the Church Assembly to meet it Melbourne for the main in sessions on Monday IA, "September 25 The diocesan festival will like place on the following 'I heard a). the annual meeting of the Bushman Sheepbreeders' Association will meet this evening at "scotts Hotel when the pi IM dent and A the president will be elected The annual meeting of the contributors to the Women's Hospital will be held in the Melbourne Town hall on Thursday the 11th nisi at I pin subscribers and governors who have not yet received a di left copy of the report can obtain one on application to the secretary-), Sir Walter 1 Wyatt 1 the annual meeting of the Trinity College Dialectic Society has been fixed for the evening of Wednesday, the 24th last The meeting will be held in the Uhenxum The the section of the University was the the line, and the proceedings will begin at 8 p.m. Air Clive **>lnclfli> BA the police test for the Air xxiii deliver in address on Australian character which will form the theme of the discusion which will follow At the close of the meeting the chin line will present the orators medals and prizes to the successful competitor for the year of 1 c tenth annual meeting of the Victorian "Neglected Children a Aid Society (Miss Sutherland a Home will be held at the town hall to morrow, at 3 o clock The Scandinavian mask bill, to be held on September 2, in the Melbourne Town- hall, in aid of the Melbourne Hospital promises to be very entertaining ss John and I nil Mr. Iden have signified their intention of be- ing present The dancing will be of a very co repairman character, sets being formed if Swedish Norwegian, Danish, English Scotch Irish, Girl German li each mail and. other nationalities, in characteristic (country chesses Quaint and stilling I iii kind will depict scenes from "scandinavian home and was life He Orpheus Ladies' Quartet will give dancer is in the Pianola hall to night and to morrow night of to-night s concert CACIA seat in the nail is taken and the booking for tomorrow is very satisfactory The pro U mine includes, besides quantities li) Schumann and Brahms, t nth canon, the words and music by Sir 1 Chits im, ion! solos by) Schubert and Saint-Saens and instrumental items by) German, Grieg, and Ander on the Palais announce that in consequence of all the seals for their inaugural performance having been booked, a second production of the brain' has been an i ranged for Thursday) evening, the 11th inst All 11 ink M Clark's Toll) Company will give their usual matinee at the G not) sent to all) Next Saturday evening four new at Lists Will make then disappear lilac To do at the Opera house matinee child died will be admitted at half price to all parts of the house He Greed of Gold ' will be replaced, in the Theatre Royal on Saturday week, b) A Sailor s Swectheuil," August AMII be staged for the first time in Australia. The list matinee of the Light line 1 nie 1 will be given in Her fairest s Theatre both) -Next Saturday) night the comedy) drama SuittluA will be staged lot in that line in Australia and the voting Vinci train actress, Miss Tittell Bruce, Night in the 12 i debut The list performances of The Rose of Ettrick at the Princess s Theatre ne in Council and the last matinee but one will be given this afternoon Next Saturday night new songs and dances will be in the dates for the kensington corner accident we have received > 0 from Mr Jacobs Mr J Young Horsham acknowledges the following is nearly done on behalf of Mrs Turnbull (nee Ball) -A Al A 57 For the same fund vic I give received 3 from three 1 him Bill) The hon treasurer of the Lot Does Shelter i desires to acknowledge, the recent of 17 from 3 Darkie Mr H A Smith MCI is to read a a paper on the education of 1 engineers at the meeting of the Victorian Institute of I dinners it is even h g Henri ers of kindred institutes and others lit retted are invited Mr A Spence Mr D gives a Iertllic this afternoon on Heredity and Education 1 fore the little Heading Club, in the Autralian Church facts re hall The second of a series of four whites within re club will be given in Scots 61 men Collins-street this evening by Mr Al I C Steele (organist and choirmaster) assisted by Miss Palmer Miss third. Miss Neill Mr C comes I! said Mr Walter 'ones and the choir Admission is free I concert and bioscope c entertain men it will be given at the St Kilda town hall to ill-lit in li 'i lie st Mid i Football C Fri The anniversary tea meeting of the Church Mission to the Chinese will be held in the rear erin c told Russell street this evening I public meeting xxiii subsequently he held Cabiccrams addressed Irf be in 1 1 leaving g I 1 Post old e place await deliver it the end r el tic fasten 1 Extension Telegram h Co I lull due Ure 1 lodges melton sales it is folio i -times I "i e - At In. rooms Collins street H Bischof 1 far more in years Beauchamp Broth r -in their rooms Collins street House! old ( return tickets ! nor directs it Ryan to siding and it -H their rooms Collins the scum as- it II I FirM his rooms Collins street-Hmldii goal patients at 1 man H C Miller It 11 1 Hooke-At A durn road Auburn-re her Milne, and Roads and library At 11 Alli At Han thorn mad he termed ck Surplus household furniture phaeton pony) Ct Baylee and Co - At thur to s. Collins street Clothing jewellery and nails i mines is good Duncan and Al river - At London Fire ' coburg Household furniture Austria but it is use and Agency Co -At their stores Collins ire t um New Zealand Loan and Alert mille I c i Co - u H eir rooms Collins street Cram I H H Morton an I toohill It Box Hill!!-! to ""Ziggel implements furniture c Haynes Hope - It their rooms Collins street run land dogs Campbell and! Sons - It City II II 7 ar-Horses IA' ! Butcher-At Jervois r el East St Kilda Household furniture Stott " listing -At Speight street LI per Northcote "-I!; el oil furniture on effects the property It Beaconsfield parade Allotments 