FEDERAL AFFAIRS. THE TREASURERS' CONFERENCE. At the conference of Treasurers, which opens in Melbourne to-morrow, a number of important, matters of interest to the various States will be discussed. The proposed transfer of State debts to the Commonwealth is the main question, and the whole matter will be discussed with the Federal Treasurer (Sir George Turner), with a view of arriving at a definite solu- tion of the problem. The South Australian Treasurer ' (Mr-. ? Buder) will bring forward for discussion certain matters, and it is understood that Mr. Deakin will have some proposals to-place before the conference regarding immigration. There is also the question of payment for properties taken over by the Commonwealth, and it is thought that it will enable something like an approximate balance-sheet to be drawn up showing the indebtedness of the. Commonwealth to States for their properties. Up to the present Queensland and Tasmania are the only two States which have sent in their bills for the properties. South Australia has not yet forwarded her account, although it is understood that it is practically ready. The question of the control of the Murray waters may also be brought forward. AN UNDESIRABLE IMMIGRANT. CAPTURED IN HINDLEY-STREET. As the steamer Chingtu, of the China Steam Navigation Company, was passing down the Port Adelaide River on Monday evening on her way to Japan it was discovered that a Cingalese seaman, named Cussen, was missing. A thorough search was at once made through the vessel, but without success." As this seaman, according to the Alien Immigration Restriction Act. would be an undesirable immigrant, the master, owner, and charterer of the vessel would be lomtly or severally liable to a penalty not exceeding £100, if he escaped. When the Customs, officials boarded the Chingtu at the Semaphore they were informed by the captain that the man was missing. As they did not wish to detain the steamer they allowed her to proceed on her voyage after accepting a guarantee from the captain that his agents in Adelaide (Messrs. Lorimer, Rome. & Co.) would act for him. On coming ashore the Customs officer informed the Acting Collector of Customs -(Mr. B. Magraith) of the escape, and he at once took steps to enforce the provisions of the Act. Mr. Maegraith communicated with the agents, and they signed the bond, agreeing to accept service on behalf of the master of the vessel of any writ which might be issued against him for permitting the seaman to land in the Commonwealth. The sum of £100 was lodged with the Acting Collector of Customs, to be held as security for the payment of the penalty that may be inflicted under I section 9 of the Act. In the meantime the police had been informed, and they were making enquiries. On Tuesday morning Constables Mullins and Harriett traced the man to the Reedbeds, and thence through Hindmarsh to Adelaide. He was found asleep on a lounge in the bar of an hotel in Hindley-street, having imbibed too freely. He was conveyed to the Adelaide Police-station cells, where he was lodged, . the night, and on Wednesday afternoon he left in charge of a detective by the Melbourne express, to join the Chingtu at Newcastle. t L , -, "i". ', - ' WESTERN''AUSTRALIAlsr' VISITORS / , ' TO MELBOURNE. ' '? Melbourne., February 3. The Minister for Home Affairs entertained the Premier of Western Australia (Mr. James) and a number of other Western Australians at luncheon at Parliament House to-day.'' " _ ' ' , , , ' MINISTERS ON TOUR. v Melbourne, February 3. Sir William Lyne left Melbourne for Sydney to-day by the afternoon express. His colleague, Mr. Chapman, Minister for Defence, sailed by the Victoria for Hobart this afternoon. FEDERAL QUARANTINE. y Melbourne, February. 3. 6 Though it is doubtful if quarantine can receive the attention of the Federal Government during the first session ,qf,^h,e new Parliament, it is practically certain that next year the Federation will relieve the States of this function of Government. The need for quarantine uniformity has not escaped the notice of Ministers, but other work of a more pressing character has had to receive priority. NEW AUSTRALIAN CITIZENS. Melbourne, February 3. The Prime Minister has been supplied by his officers with some interesting particulars concerning 46 persons who have qualified during the first month's operation of the Naturalisation Act. Thirty of the new citizens of the Commonwealth are married and 16 are single. Twenty-four of the applications came from New South Wales, 16 from Victoria, 2 from South Australia, 2 from Tasmania, and none from either Queensland or Western Australia. The nationali- ties of the applicants are Germany, 20; Sweden, Italy, and Denmark, 5 each; France, 3; North America, 2; South America, Greece, Finland, Spain, Austria, and Russia, 1 each. One of the newly naturalis- ed, an American lady, was 80 years of age; the youngest, a Danish- fterman, was 21 years old. Swede was first to be naturalised under the new legislation. FEDERAL QUARANTINE AURANGB 7 MENTS. Melbourne, February 3. Dr. Gresswell reported to the Board of Health this afternoon that he had received a copy of the Tasmanian Health Act, with a suggestion from the authorities of that State that the quarantine regulations of the States should be made uniform, as at present they were not similar. Councillor Wood moved That a conference of chairmen of boards of health in the Commonwealth be held on the subject." This view was opposed, on the ground that the present time was inopportune, and that such conference would disorganise the work of the several boards. It was eventually decided that a reply should be sent, express- ing the board's opinion that the time had arrived when joint quarantine regulations for the whole of Australia should be framed. THE COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS. Melbourne, February 3. The Minister for Customs has arranged to meet the new Commonwealth Commissioner of Patents (Mr. Townsend in Sydney to-morrow. Sir William Lyne will have a conversation with the Commissioner about the dimensions of the staff necessary to carry on the work of the Federal Patents Office. Mr. Townsend will then come on to Melbourne to arrange about temporary accommodation, and _ generally to make preparation for starting work in his new , sphere. . , INTER-STATE TRADE. Melbourne, February 3. The Minister for Customs had a lengthy talk with the Comptroller-General (Dr. Wollaston) to-day in reference to the question of abolishing inter-State certificates. Sir William Lyne subsequently stated that he was hopeful of an arrangement being made in regard to New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia, by which merchants transferring goods between the States named would be relieved of the trouble of furnishing these vouchers as to the value, quantity, and contents of consignments. The Minister said that the in- terchange of goods between New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia had settled down to a volume that could be estimated with sufficient accuracy to comply with the bookkeeping clauses, of the constitution. He thought, therefore, that there would be little difficulty in fixing a lump sum for the adjustment of duties. As regarded Queensland and Tasmania, however, the old order of things would probably continue. PICTORIAL POSTCARDS. Melbourne, February 3. The proposal of the Postmaster-General to issue official pictorial postcards has taken definite shape. An advertisement will shortly be published calling for competitive designs, and premiums probably of £12, £5, and £3 will be offered for the three best selections of 12 views from each State. The views must be Australian in character, and it is likely that preference will be given to pictures that are typical of the products, scenery, industries, or other special features of the particular States. Y EMIGRANTS TO FRENCH TERRITORY. Melbourne, February 3. The Prime Minister has received from the French Government a communication stating that "Every foreigner not admitted to domicile, who proposes to fix his resi- dence off the territory of French establishments in Oceana, should within 48 hours of his disembarkation in the colony make a declaration of residence showing his name in full, and those of his father and mother, his nationality, the place and date of his birth, the place where he was last domiciled, his profession, or means of existence, the name and age and nationality of his wife and minor children, if he is accompanied by them, the island or community or district where he desires to fix his reaL dence." The regulation does not apply to visitors or tourists, who are only making a brief stay. BRITISH NEW GUINEA. Melbourne, February 3. Mr. Deakin expects in a few days to be able to announce a number of important administrative changes in connection with British New Guinea. No statement as to the future Lieutenant-Governor ' is. however, to be looked for until later in the year. Mr. Robinson, the chief judicial officer, who is now acting administrator, is stated to be doing excellent work. CLAIM AGAINST THE CUSTOMS * - DEPARTMENT. Melbourne, February 3. The Don Trading Company has commenced proceedings in the High Court for a re- fund of ' differential charges levied by the Tasmanian authorities against all flour imported at Devonport from the mainland since the imposition of the uniform tariff. A writ has been served on the Collector of Customs at Devonport. As that officer has been collecting dues for the Tasmanian Government, the Minister of Customs has directed it to be sent On to the Premier of Tasmania. The Commonwealth cannot defend any action of this kind. I A FRUGAL GOVERNMENT. There are several interesting items (says the Melbourne Argus) in the latest published statement of the amounts paid out of the Federal Treasurer's advance for the quarter ending December 31. Ministers most conscientiously debit the Parliament with £2 5/ for expenses funeral of the late Hon. D. Gillies," and £2 2/ for wreath for funeral of late Mr. Critchett Walker." When the French residents of New Caledonia recently celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of their settlement in that island, the Federal Government forwarded an elaborately decorated address to the Governor. The cost of this now appears to have been £9 16/6. ', ?- ( . AN ELECTION PETITION. The first petition under the new rules disputing the validity of the election of a member of the House of Representatives was lodged in Melbourne on Saturday pp behalf of Mr. J. -M-, Chanter, who represented Riverina in the last Parliamentary. who was defeated in December by Mr. R., 0\. Blackwood by seven votes. Many reap sons for upsetting the election vare urged, among others being the following:- 1st "That at the Darlington Point polling place the presiding officer refused to allow 20 electors to vote, because, it is stated, they were Australian aboriginal natives residing on a mission station. That such electors,, petitioner was informed and believed, wished to vote in his favor, and this fact was known to the presiding officer, who was before the day of the election an active and open supporter of Mr. Blackwood That the presiding officer was repeatedly urged to allow the aboriginals to vote. That, notwithstanding his refusal to allow these men to vote, he received the vote of another Australian aboriginal native named Shaw, who was introduced by a person known to be favorable to Mr. Blackwood. "That petitioner was informed and believed that over 50 qualified electors, being absent from their divisions, presented themselves at the Corowa polling- place, intending to vote for him, and that the presiding, officer unlawfully refused to allow them to record their votes as absentee voters. * , , T "That petitioner was informed and believed a number of votes polled in his favor had not been credited to him by the divisional returning-officer, and that he should have been credited. with about 92 more votes » by a mistake in the counting or totalling. "That petitioner had been informed and believed that at Deniliquin progress returns were improperly, credited and declared whereby he received 139 votes less than he was entitled to, and Blackwood 21 votes less than he was entitled to, and he believed these mistakes were repeated in all subsequent counting and totalling. "That petitioner was informed and believed the" said R. O. Blackwood, his agents and supporters, with his knowledge and sanction, supplied meat, drink, and entertainment to certain electors with a view to influencing their votes, and that Blackwood was thereby guilty of bribery within the meaning of section 176 of the Electoral Act. . ' "That petitioner was informed and believed, that R.O. Blackwood employed and. paid certain persons to canvass for votes on his behalf, contrary to section 170 of the Electoral Act. "That petitioner was informed and believed that R. O Blackwood dismissed from his service one Edward Healy, a cook, employed on his station, because he was' supporting petitioner's candidature, whereby he (Blackwood) was guilty of undue influence within the meaning of section 177 of the Electoral Act. On these and other grounds petitioner prayed - (a) that the rejected ballot papers referred to be examined by the court; (b) that the votes in his favor rejected as informal be credited to him; (c) that votes in his favor tendered by the electors referred to be declared to have been improperly rejected, and that they may be credited to him; (d) that the votes in favor of R. O. Blackwood, as well as those in petitioner's favor polled at Moama be declared to have been improperly admitted; (e) that the postal vote in favor of R. O Blackwood be declared to have been improperly admitted; (f) that the ballot-papers arranged under the names of the respective candidates be recounted under the direction of the court; is) that the said R. 0 Blackwood be declared to have been not duly elected; (h) that peti- tioner be declared to have been duly elected; (i) and, in the alternative, that the election be declared absolutely void." A deposit of £50, which has to be made under the Act, accompanied the petition. 