News and Notes. ? ^ The salary of the Commonwealth High Commissioner has been fixed at £3500. The death occurred on Saturday morning of the Rev. J. T. Main, M.A., Moderator of the Presbyterian Assembly, at Richmond. The Bonus Bill is again before tho House of Representatives. It is intended under this, to encourage tbe establishment of iron works. The March number of tbe ' Review ot Reviews for Australasia' is a good one., if This popular magazine well maintains tn©' improvement initiated by the new manage- ,| ment, 'J Charles Smith, a hawker, residing at Picton. was brutally murdered by an Assyrian tramp named Harribean, Douglas Park, on Thursday last. The murderer was promptly arrested. The Labor party are allocating to different , members the seats which they will contest under the redistribution scheme. They expect to win 22 or 23 seats. If so, the ] party will be stronger in the reduced Parlia ment than ever. ' Life,' Dr. Fitchett's new magazine, has again come to hand. The March number is % even better than those for J anuary and Feb ruary. The contents are as interesting as varied, and the publication is a marvel of cheapness at 6d. A Maitland paper recently quoted a typical * case of alleged excessive vaiuation. This was on an allotment of land at Bolwarra containing 3 acres and which was purchased lately for £15 at auction. Mr Maclean's valuation was £175, but it appears that in 1897 it was valued at £195 by another assessor — or £20 higher than Mr Maclean's valuation. The Liberal and Reform Association are inviting the electors in each State constitu ency to forward to tbem the nominations of locally-favored candidates. Nominations are to be in by April 14th. It is announced that no attempt will be made to foist any candidate on the people. Country electors would do well to ignore the city clique who j are arrogating to themselves the ruling of the political roost. In order to induce immigration the New j Zealand Government has issued in Irish papers an advertisement, with agricultural views, setting forth that 2.000,000 acres of farm land are available in New Zealand on lease on easy terms for 999 years, while in other cases land may be purchased right out. The climate and other conditions are ex tolled, and it is also intimated that passages to New Zealand may be booked at a reduced rate. Arrangements are now being made to enable the new members of the Common wealth Parliament to visit the Tumut and Bombala sites. Sir John Forrest, as Minister for Home Affairs, states that members will be reimbursedjjjthe expenses which they incur when making their inspection, but he is not mapping out any special itinerary, nor does he propose to lead the party round the two ' sites. Sir William Lyne and Mr Austin Chap man purpose acting as advance couriers in their respective districts. Sir William is getting together a party to go to Tumut. Mr Chapman is fixing up a time-table for Bombala. Both. Ministers are doing their best to capture the new members. A paper contributed to the Monthly Bevieiu by Mr R, A. Westenholz, _ who is president of the Farmers' League in Den- . mark, dwells upon the serious handicaps which the Danish farmer has to face in poor soil and rigorous climate. Harvests are not rich, and cattle have to be housed for eight months in the year. And yet the Danish farmer is meeting with a great success. I His exports of agricultural products have risen to £16,000,000 per annum, or £7 per head of the population, or double the export rate of which America boasts. The deposits in the savings banks have grown from £4,000,000 in 18G3 to £37,000,000 in 1901, and other tell-tale statistics of wealth and progress are equally cheerful and significant. These results, the president declares, are due to two causes — a wise fiscal policy and patient industry. The practice which now prevails _ among . the more important Societies conducting Art Unions in Victoria is a very commendable one. The law requires that tbe proceeds from such Art Unions will be distributed among the charitable institutions. This - mandate is cheerfully complied with, and as 1 a consequence many deserving institutions receive substantial donations. During the past two years, however, there has been a noticeable falling off in the profits, which the managers explain was largely due to the bad times caused by the seveio drought. It is expected that much better results will be obtained this year. The Eight Hours' Forty - Eighth Annual Art Union, to be held in Melbourne on 11th May, is now in course of progress, and the Society advertises the first prize in their raffle at £1000 net, or as an alternative, 12 months' trip round the world, first class, all expenses paid, and £600 in cash; they also give 189 additional prizes, ranging in value from £1 to £150. Residents in this State may obtain tickets from looal agents at one shilling each, or application for tbem may be made direct to Mr Theo. W. Heide, Flinders Buildings, 312 Flinders street, Melbourne, who has acted as tho ^ representative of the Eight Hours for several years. Doubtless many will be tempted to buy, more especially because the object is a good one, l ? ' ' - ' ' ' ; ? ? ? 