NEWS IN BRIEF. I ! The Peace Conference at Boston urges upon I khe Powers the Danish Peace Society's plan. I An official at Krupp's shipbuilding yards I fras been arrested for selling plans of battle- I '.(ships smier to v»i c«.i, jdhuuu vi iw .«» I KJerman firm. i Th'e 'socialist' 'organ at Kiel affirms -that I Krupp's yards are building submarines for I Russia, and denounces such action as a I 'breach of neutrality. I - The municipalities of Russia are delighted I (it the hint given by -the new Minister of the I anterior to. the Tsar, to strengthen represen- I 'native institutions. - I 1 Great distress exists In London and sub- I (urbs, where there are .many thousands of un- I employed. I Pierre Rlera, it blacksmith at Paris, recent- I iy brought' astonishing charges against the I (Marquis ' Casa de Rlera, and made claim to I "vast estates. I ' The great -motor car- race -for the Vanderbllt I jCup was" won at New .York by Heath, an I (American, i .i i ' The British Admiralty have placed an order I for two battleships, which will cost £1,500,000 I each. .... u I -' The. maximum 'temperature registered. . y.es- ('''kerdaYtvbSJthe'blghest.forvOctober"£ar' three: I (years. I . l i 4 I ' A huge shark, recently caugh't In Noumea. I Harbour, was found to contain portion of the | . bead of a European woman. I ' It Is not now likely that Sir George Turner L iWl-ll deliver his Budget Speech on Thursday P next. I The F.M.S. Caledonien left Sydney to-day tor. Marseilles, via ports. ' The barquentlne Pendle Hill arrived In port this -morning from Kalpara, after a passage pf 21 days. The death -Is announced of Mr. H; C. Tay lor, until recently secretary to the Advances Ito Settlers Board. . Bishop Lenlhan, of Auckland (N.Z.), at pre sent In Sydney, will attend the R.C. Congress In Melbourne. | ' Mr. W. H. Irvine, ex-Premier ot Victoria,, (Stilt by the express -last evening for Mel- | bourne. I Mr. C. C. Kingston, M.H.R., Is at present I in Sydney. ' Sir Herbert c-hermslde left Sydney to-day (by the Sierra, en route to London. . The delegates to the congress of the Na tional Council of Women, which assembles In Sydney this .week, wl» be entertained by (Lady Rawson. Messrs. Owen and Beckett's store and land ftt West Maitland .have been sold for £2500.. i A record number of entries were receiveu ; (for. the Crookwell Show. , The Manilla Farmers and Settlers' Asso ciation will urge the Government to. lend every facility to the Pasteur Institute me thod of rabbit extermination. A Chinese a-t West Berthong, Cootamundra, fe alleged to have stabbed a girl wl- t-h a but cher's- knife. The proposed Imposition of wharfage dues at Brushgrove is agitating -the farmers there, The site of a new colliery will be surveyed Ion Wednesday on the land of the Newcast-Ie- ICessnoek Coal Co., near the Cessnock Rail way Station. Mr. D. Jeffrey has been elected to Cooma fcouncll In .place of Alderman Amess, resigned. Mrs Drum, of Harden, has died, after hav ing resided In the district for over 41 years. A "hnlfrsquadron of the Australian Light (Horse fiiis been fornied at Manilla. The coal seam that underlies the property bf the NewcaBtle-Cessnock Coal Co. runs from. 23ft. to 34ft. lOVjtn. In thickness. A 'Parkes Friendly Societies' ball in aid of llhe local hospital realised £13. A profit of £131 was netted by the Ruther- itord races In aid of the Maitland Hospital. The Moruya butter factory treated 11,698 gallons ot milk last month. As a sample shipment l'oO tons of lime will &e; sent from Taree to Newcastle. : Over 2000 sheep and about 80 bullocks are being slaughtered daily at the -Rllverstone Meat' Works. Mr; Deakln will probably speak on the no- conifldence motion In the House of Represen tatives: on Wednesday. ; Mr. Isaacs -intends to- speak on .the no-con- tfi'lcnco motion in .the House of Representa- t.|' to-morrow. 'The Tasmanlan .ketch De Witt has been (Wrecked on an Island In Bass Straits; The Captain and crew .were saved. A survey Is being made -to-day of the ship Mount Stewart, -whleh was refloated on Sa turday after having been on fire. The R.M.S. Oceana arrived at Adelaide yes- |erday en route from London to Sydney. Mr.- Francis KIrk-patrick; Under- Secretary jfor- Finance and Trade, retires on November UO after 46 years' public service. It is ! doubtful whether -the, division on the- tno-eohfldence motion In .the House of Re presentatives will be taken before Thursday. Cufoona and. Copeton have been proclaimed In. tile division of New England. , H.M.S. Ml-ldura, which h'ad been recruiting bt Brl.-.bane under the new naval agreement, teturited to Sydney yesterday. The.R..M..S. Sierra sailed to-day for San Kranolscc, via ports. The cable steamer I-rls Is now engaged re pairing the . break In the New Caledonia ' Cable. After completing the .work she re turns -to Suva. The . Queensland Government has received Information that 55 Immigrants left London .'lor Queensland by the steamer Mlltiades. Paderew-ski gave the first of Ills second tare, we'd recitals in the Melbourne Town Hall . Ion ,0atu.rday evening. It has been reported that wolfram buy ers in Queensland have received instructions tfrom home agents not to give more than £85 per ton for wolfram. / The' steamer Corio, which -went ashore at Catherine Hill Bay, was floated off on Satur day afternoon. The Ntw Zealand House of Representatives r.oseVm Saturday after 36 hours' continuous sitting, devoted to. the estimates. The season Is proving very late In Vic toria, and crop prospeots are still very, un certain. J(tf Redfern saleyards this morning 43 con signments were submitted. There was a good attendance of buyers at the Redfern saleyards this morning. The' Installation of the new Grand Prlmo tR.A/O.B,),. Mr. J. A. E. Pick, will take place Bt the. Cambridge Hotel, Market-street and pastlereagh-street, on October 18. On' 'the opening day of the week at the fletjfern saleyards this morning there was a lalr.supply of produce. Mr,.' Wallace Brow.nlow, the baritone, who lasti-anpeared in Sydney under Mr. Harry ftl chords' management. Is at present In New, (JTork doing well. The Knlght-Jeffrles combination will open \- B-t Chflstchurch (N;Z.) with "Monsieur Beau- fcalre" on the 17th Instant. Reginald Roberts has terminated his. en- Baflerrient '' with -Williamson's Royal Comic OperaCompany. - 