'Mmmmm ? McA^JP*'* ?tt»-«»oia loohteft, l^ oonnsottcn Silh*e«ri«»oo«i»*bort«ibjeot »hi«h 1» '% doU»wnng far tin dawier ImtituM*Ote-*T Sortie.' tTDiok ?£?:?;?? ? / ??^??--' the piriodt of uAj fcrttisb hirtory, Tie eaid, in marked off by no fewer thanfour uranqtuwfe, tjho fiomin, the English, the Bumh,' and the Roman, xne vn « laen, in xpxaaar eamesiBibaolctpS6.3.c., so that the gnnind to be coveted in these leetuns extends over a thousand yean, or one-half .of the Christian En. In 65 B-c Britain was honored with the attention of Julius Cmar. the greatest military genius of bU age, and some .say the most notable figara of all antiquity. His fame re«t-, however, on firmer basis than 'his '4wo 'brief oampARM in Britain, doiia&whioh; he aoeoa plisbed pcaotaoallT nothing^ - ^3e eiffliWt aay. in the words of hi* famous despatch, 'I ouae, I saw,' bat be left it for another to ear. ' I con quered.' Tor nearly * century Britain was eft in peace, but in 43 tin. the Romans came again* This time half their number was made up of Teuton auxiliaries, who were as much better fitted than they to cope with the guerilla warfare of the British as were the colonial volunteers than the English regulars with the taotua of the Boer. Yet it was only after 43 Tears of hard fighting that the' imperial power was established as far north as the Firths of Clyde and T«y, beyond whioh it sever obtained a permanent footing. The palm of British valour as displayed 'n ?his unequal straggle belongs to a woman, first of British heroines, Boadicea. Betrayed and defrauded by Roman treachery, herself aeourged as a ?lave and her daughter taken into captivity, this queen aongfat her vereBga ay inciting her people to one more desperate attempt for liberty and independence. 'It wag at first anoeaasfuL . Golohestar, one of the Gist of Roman fortified towns,; was stormed, taken, and redposd to aahea. A Roman foros pf about 6,000 men whioh marched to its relief was trodden under foot - London -was burnt, a vast tract of ^country devastated, and all Remans found therein and all British who aided with Rome, men, women, and children to the 'number of 70.000. ware killed withont mercy. But revenge is apt to follow revenge, and the Romsns].realised theirs in a victory whioh Tacitus calls one of the most glorious triumphs of ancient Rome. As a result there were slain of the British again, without respect to sex or age, 80,000. Boadioea, who led 'her army in person, sought at -the dose of the day death by her own hand. She was. says one writer, of lofty stature and severe countenance. Her yellow hair reached almost to the 'ground. ' She wore a plaited tunio of -vairious oelorsi a belt of gold, and over all* a long ''mantle.7 ' Of late years a magnificent statue has been erected to her memory on die Thames Krnhank mentneartheseeneiofsume'of her achievements. The Roman conquest was* completed about 86 A.D. by ▲gricola, whose fame has been deservedly immortalised in the writings of Taoitut, his son-in-law, aba one of the greatest of Roman historians add styUsiS,~bai'*the despair and abomination of thB*schS&f; boy. ' Agrioola, not onlr by martial watchfulness and activity, but also by wise and conciliatory legislation brought to Britain the blessings, not unmixed of tht Pax Romans, the Roman peace. From his time on to 411 a. D., when the Roman troops withdrew from Britain to protect their own capital against the ' Teutonic invaders, tranquillity was broken only by the marauding inroads of the Picte and Soots. We oomenowtotbesecondolthefou'rgreatihvaaioni of Britain, and to the point jat which people and land being united the history of England properly begins. Hanoeforto South Britain is England or England an3 Wales, for the conqueror* came to call their new country England or Angle-land and themselves English ; but to the conquered Britons they were the Saxons, and to this day are spoken of Sax^ ;;a^:rJnW haS^Se -,a^o^ pirafcoalettwks.mBriUiii.Twt-haa^eafept atbayby&dmanvigilknoe.; In 4*9,' tow»v«r, the :&-mans having left, aid' ithe .Britons innting their asHstanoe against die Picte and Soots «hese Teuton tribes proceeded to posisss thtoomnnforthemselns: ? , *' Deep-tAmming, .strong, .- . . ? ? ,-.,... ?-*-'. And yellow-hair^ th-.blue-eyed Saxon came. They came, implored, but came with other aim Than to protect'. ' :- ???? ? ; -?-.': 'Never,' a&ya; Professor' Freeman, 'did ?' more fearful How descend on. any people-' This conquest was an extermination; (ibis invasion ax£immigration. The. old England on 'the Danish peninsula was emptied of its inhabitants and left a desert. The Britons, ill-prepared for warfare by centuries pf Roman subjugation and by the vrMkeniaK u&ueDca; of Roman luxury and V^ wWeeitW: slain or -driven to thfawmn tains of the west*nd BOCtfc. -They- were iexpeUed bag and baggage— the people, their language, their customs, and their religion. Yet we are not to think that the iiiiii— w&* Mtlwv ahv ra- i«rai1. ' iwtinfe fawjr Reme about 60 years to aeoomplish took our forefathers ISO years. They had not the advantage of Roman discipline and unity, bus suffered, like their, opponents from internal discord and division. The success of those German auxiliaries by whom Rome conquered Britain » prophetic of much. ' They lepresent the Teuton who has bent his will to learn and obey; they combined Teuton vigour with Roman order ; they excelled bcth their master and their untutored brethren. The Jutes under Heogist and Horsa were the first to c ime. They at once begaa in a manner which characterised the whole oonquest. A great battle at Aylesford was followed by a merciless Massacre. ., Of the survivors some fled to the forest, eventually to be driven from that refuge into the hands of their foes by hunger. Others -sought sanctuary -in the churches,- but the English seem to have been especially enraged against the clergy, who were ruthlessly shun at their altars, .thfeir churches, fired/ond 'die refugees' forced to fly from death by burning to find it on English swords. Besides Sent the Jutes seem only to have occupied die isle of Wight. . They had not come evidently in large numbers, but the greater were behind. About 30 vears after came the Saxons. The localities of. which they possessed themselves are bow marked by the affix sex. Essex was the country of the East Saxons 'and Middlesex its appendage. Sussex of the South Saxons, and, Wessex of the West Saxons. Wessex included at. the beginning of its distinguished history .onlr a, -.part -of Hampshire, -but was eventually, to extend over the whole of Southern .and, Western England;- The con qu'eror and first king of Wessex was Ordio, a* name to be remembered, *f or every prince who reJeJ England before' or since the eleventh century.ha* had in his veins the blood of. Cerdio, the WeatSaxon, and Wessex. Cerdio's dominion, has grown into England, England into the United Kingdom., and the. United Kingdom into the British Empire. . The greater .part of. Britain was conquered and colonised by/that tribe from whom it received its new name -of England.. .The' Angles. founded three great kingdoms— East. Anglia, Meroia, -asd (North-' umbria. East Anglia, their first conquest, is: now Norfolk and Suffolk ; Meroia was, ioughly ? speaking, what we call the Midlands'; North umbria extended from the Humber on the South to the Forth in the North.1 °4%e com pletion of the English oonquest ef Britain is marked, by the Battle of Chester is* && when the Northumbrians under their 'Kiwc Etta»P! ritb achieved a great victory over the Britons and forced them back aoroes the borders of Wales. A while before this EtheUrith biti conducted a war with the Scots and the Britons of the North and had forced them back beyond the Forth. Again in 577 the men of Wessex at the battle of Deorham, near Bath, had possessed themselves of the lower Severn valley and had thus cut off the Britons of Wales from those of the great soath-weatern peninsula. It is easily seen that by these three defeats the three main bodies of the Britons were completely cut oS from each other and could with comparative ease be either driven still further back as in Somerset and Devon or kept within their aountaiu ramparts as in Wales and Scotland. The English 'conquest thus oofiggiedieO years. It was so prolonged for .they .following reasons :— L. The invaders came by aea in (be small ships of that age and were at first therefore few. 3. Few as they were they did not come all at. onoe or combine with each other. The attack was neither . ays- teAatio-nor simultaneous. 3. The. task .to whioh they set themselves on these poor. ?nalKndii mi ttimndwu. Thav uMa aot merely to conquer and to acquire dominion, as did the Romans, partly- by force and partly by conciliator jr- means. Toey came to clear a country of1 its whole population and to make their possession of it so thoroughly sore and Secure that they eonld settle thereon with their wivae and children. 4. The foes against wham they were pitted in this war to the death were a people of the most obstinate courage fighting on their own ground, and favoured by the possession ef great natural bulwarks in the forests and. fens and rivers whioh guarded the interior of the country. The chief results of *be English, conquest were:— 1. A British Celtic population was replaced in England b7 so. English Teutonic population. The exterm ination of the former is considered by some of .the leading authorities to have been almost complete. 2. A Romanized ? British oiviliza tio'n was quite awept away to make room for that .of the English conquerors. The oonquest had also a two-fold effect on the English them selves— (U From being seamen they became landsmen. They ceased to be pirates, fisher men, vikings, and became farmers, soldiers, craftsmen. We see the effeot of this in after centuries, when th»y themselves are invaded by the Danes; (2) From being dnmocratio their government became a limited monarchy. Rule by all was gradually changed for rule by Kingaad Parliament. The period after the conquest is marked by .the rise of the King and with him of the aristocracy. 