, news of the da y, There, is n very strong movement amongst Federal members. in the House' of- (Representatives , that 'the Victorian Royal) Butter Commission should be "converted, with, the consent of tlie State Government,, into a Federal body, in order that its use fulness may be extended so as to cover every Australian Stote. No set of men nave followed with keener interest the action of "Tlie Age" in forcing into . the open light of day tlie nefarious practices of the butter "middlemen" than the members of the House of Representatives. " 'The Age' never did a better day's work amongst all the good things it has done for tho public' welfare than when it revealed the corruption in the butter trade," remarked a Federal member. from one of the distant States, and this expression of opinion is but an example of dozens of similar re-' marks. -The federalising movement is to be brought to a head to-day in the House of Representatives, when Mr. Isaacs, M.F., will ask the Prime Minister "whether, in view of tlie Australian importance of the questions now being inquired into by the Victorian Royal Butter Commission and cognate questions, he will take steps — (1) Lo constitute that commission, or some othcLt body, a royal commission under Fede- nil law; (2) to provide that its scope and if necessary, its composition shall bo suffi- eiently extensive to deal witli all Austra- ban produce exported through the instru- mentality of agents; (3) to gunrd and pro tect the interests of Australian producers who have to export and dispose of their produce by means of agents either in other States of Austraiia or abroad." It is under- stood that there is a strong probability that a favorable . answer will be given to Isaacs's question this afternoon What are the powers of .aropl commis sion. The question lias been raised in a variety of phases during the still brief but very enlightening existence of tlie but ter commission, first by shivering, wit nesses, who, under the stimulating in fluences of a legal opinion, lliave dared to ''do all that may become a man," 'though some of them have been obviously uneasy as to what was going to happen 'to them next, and then by honest gentlemen who ure dragged before tlie commission through no fault of their own, and who simply, for tlie time being, don't know where they are. At yesterday's sitting the legal position of the banks with regard to the commission's demand for the disclosure of particulars concerning the banking accounts of clients was raised. Mr. J. C. Stewart, one of the counsel engaged, asked the commission to obtain tlie opinion of 'the Attorney-General as to whether it could enforce -the produc tion of the pay in slips of Mr. P. Coglilan, a highly interesting witness, from whom the commission was anxious to extract some information tlhat he was very unwilling to give. Mr. Stewart said in fact that Mr. Coghlan had threatened to take action against the bank if it disclosed his business. Tlie commission reserved its decision on the matter. But at a later stage Mr. Roderick Murehison, the Victorian manager of tlie Bank of New South Wales, at a branch of which institution Mr. Coghlan keeps his account, deposed that 'the bank had not -been threatened by Mr. Coghlan. This witness's stay in court was marked by a most unusual incident, Mr. Alurchison seizing and carrying off in triumph pay in slips of Mr. Coghlan, which had previously been'handed over to the commission.by the bank. Mr. Croker asked a question about these documents, and the witness said, "Let me see them." They were handed to him, and lie refused to return them, explaining that they had been left with the commis sion by mistake. "They are in the custody of the court," said Mr. Croker. "1 think not," was tlie reply of the man in posses sion, and he continued to hold I'hem. Mr, Murchison explained that the bank had no feeling in the matter, and only desired to do what was righ t, but must be first satisfied as to what was legally right. The members of the commission nnd Mr. Croker agreed that this was a perfectly fair stand to take, and the witness was allowed to retain the papers pending the settlement of the ques tion whether the commission has power to compel ,£he. production of such documentary evidence. , r "A very, loose way of conducting busi- ness" was . tho description applied by a witness 'before tlie butter commission yes terday to the methods employed by the agents who are entrusted with the disposal of Victorian butter in London. The wit ness, Mr. George M'Kcnzie, the present manager of the Framlingham factory, has had experience of the butter industry not only in Australia but in Great Britain and Denmark. He gave an interesting account of the way in which the butter /is sold. "A tout," lie said, "stands nt tlie ;\loor of tlie agents' room, and brings in tlie prospective buyer wlion he happens to come along." "Another instance of the spider nnd the fly," suggested Mr. W. H. Croker, who is conducting tlie inquiry. The simile, how ever, was not particularly apt, for in this instance tout, ngent and buyer all appear to act tlie part of tlie malignant spider, while tlie role of fly is filled by the unfor tunate, far distant and trusting Victorinn producer. "The Victorian factories," Mr." M'Kcnzie added, "have no check whatever upon tlie ngent in London. The agent may return account sales stating that tlie butter was sold at, say. 100/, when it realised 105/ or 110/ per owt." Sir. M'Kenzic empha sised this statement, which the commis sion regarded as very serious indeed, by stating that lie was satisfied in his own mind that a consignment which was en tered by the agents as having been sold for 91/ had realised at least 100/. Other wit nesses endorsed this evidence to some ex tent by stating that they were of opinion that the agents deducted a certain amount from tlie price returned in the account sales in order .to cover some unspecified charges. A story illustrative of tlie ingenuity of tho dealer in butter was told to the Butter Commission yesterday by the present mali nger of the 'Framlingham factory.' This witi.ess had recently taken an extended tour- through .Great Britain, Denmark and other parts of the world with a view to gaining knowledge of tlie most up to date methods of butter production. He found the best methods to obtain in Denmark, where the system of Government super vision was very much superior to the sys tem of inspection adopted in Victoria. For a.1 that, however, he did not consider the Danish butter to be very much superior to the. Victorian. article. "For tlie information of tlie commission," he remarked, "I might Kty that I met a man who told me that during one season he purchased Victorinn butter at a certain price and shipped it over to Denmark, where it was transferred from tlie. boxes into casks. All Danish butter, by the way, is shipped in casks. This Vic torian butter was then sent hack to London and sold as Danish butter, my informant explained, nnd, he added, "I netted £1 per cwt. on tlie transaction." Daring attempts have been made by in terested parties to discredit the work of the butter commission. The latest move in this direction is a canard circulated amongst tlie dairying districts that the members of the commission are being paid a guinea a day each for their services, and that they are prolonging the inquiry in order to "scoop" their fees as greedily as if they had graduated in the butter busi ness themselves. There is, of course, not the slightest truth in this statement. The members of the commission do not draw a penny in fees, and so far from expand ing tlie inquiry they are endeavoring to compress it within tlie most reasonable limits compatible witli tlie importance of the investigation. These rumors arc being sedulously disseminated with the sinister object of bringing the proceedings to a close before startling revelations yet to lie made have been disclosed. Ill accordance with the recent suggestion of Mr. Taverner, Sir George Sydenham ttrlvG, ex-Governor of Victoria, was yes- tin-day appointed by the Cabinet to be a member of the General Agent's Board of Advice in London. .J1'® ustraI!il> witli passengers and English mails to 20th May, arrived at l'rcmantle at 3.15 p.m. yesterday, and was expected to resume her voyage during .the , night. She should reach Largs Bay on Sat- .iirday night .pr Sunday morning, rand ' a special train -should (bring on tlie mails for the eastern "States, enabling tlie Melbourne portion to be delivered on Monday fore noon. The demand originally made by Mr. G. H. Reid and other members of the free-trade Opposition for the appointment of a select committee to inquire into the conduct of the recent Federal elections was resisted by the Deakin Government on the ground that no specific charges had been brought forward to justify an inquiry. Tho commit tee appointed since the Watson Govern ment took office is already proposing to close its labors, owing tp the absence of special charges. The only witness examined up to the present has been Mr. D. Miller, Secretary of. the Department for Home Affairs, and his evidence has satisfied tlie committee that no serious blame can be at tached to the central electoral office for the mistakes that wore made. Certain re commendations have been put forward by the department to meet tlie deficiencies in tlie act that experience of an election has revealed. The committee at its meet ing yesterday discussed tho advisability of closing the inquiry, as there seemed to be nothing specific to inquire into. Mr. Fowler (W.A.) pointed out that to obtain specific charges the committee would have to visit other States or bring witnesses from them, and Mr. Kelly (N.SAV.) suggested that tlie returning officer of eacli State should be examined. Other members of tlie commit tee seemed to think that there was nothing to ibe gained by prolonging the inquiry, but it was decided to take the evidence of Mr. G. Lewis, Chief Electoral Officer; Mr. Bamford (Q.), M.P., and Senator Givens. Before the lastnamed can give evidence the committee, according to the standing or ders, must obtain the permission of tlie Senate to allow him to appear. The chair man (Mr. A. M'Lean) expressed the hope that 'any member of the public who had specific charges to bring forward would communicate with tile secretary. Tlie question of proceeding at once witli tlie new central station buildings was dis cussed by the Cabinet yesterday. Tlie Chief Commissioner of Railways agreed to the provision of shops in the basement, and agreed to supply some detailed estimates of the cost. With these available, tlie Cabinet will come to an immediate decision. The Order in Council authorising the con struction of the Essendon electric tramway was passed at tlie meeting of the Executive yesterday. A special provision lias been in serted which protects the interests of the Metropolitan Gas Company and tlie Metro politan Board of Works in the event of damage to their pipes through electro lysis. In the course of tlie discussion by tho University Council of the resignation by Professor Gregory of his post at the Univer sity, the Chancellor mentioned that the Minister of Education had recently indi cated to him that "tlie Government pro posed to stand to tlie University in a very satisfactory way indeed." When ques tioned on the matter yesterday. Mr. Saclise stated that he had not indicated the lines on which the Government intended to as sist the University, and, in fact, did no more than repeat the general statement which had been made by the Premier in reply to a deputation which recently inter viewed him. So far as the Government is eoqeerned, nothing has been definitely de cided beyond -an ' intention to treat the University as liberally as circumstances will permit. A sub-committee of the Cabi net lias been appointed to go into details, and the work of those Ministers has not yet been completed. Plague restrictions in the case of vessels arriving in Melbourne from New Zealand ports have been removed by the Board of Health. An agreeable and, unfortunately, an un usual exchange of courtesies has taken place between the Victorian Civil Service and the Commonwealth service. The Postal department, having departed from the old official ruts and obliged the Victorian Go vernment in many ways at the time of the Victorian general election, Mr. S.'G. Morn son, the returning officer for the latter hai written a cordial letter to Mr. R. T Scott Secretary of the Central Postal Administt'. tion, thanking him and his Victorian staff for the excellent arrangements made on 1st June and during the weeks prior to pollin2 uay. Mr. Scott, in his reply, expressed appreciation of tlie friendly nature of Mr Morrison's epistle. Tlie example set bv Mr. Bent's action over the Model sriioo'l has not led to reprisals as far as the Fed- eral Government is concerned. A concession has been made by the Postal department in the interests of the sick in relation to tlie use of telephones bv doctors who arc connected with country exchanges which are open only during the day between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. An instruc tion has been issued that whenever a doctor indicates that a patient who is on the tele- phone may want him urgently nt any hour on a given night, the telephone attendant before leaving the exchange at G p.m. ,mist leave tlie doctor connected ; witli the patient's house. No charge is to be made for this concession, but it is to be dis" tinctly understood, says the secretary of the department, that it cannot be availed of to 1 connect a doctor's town surgery with his ' private house in the country. When tiie Post Office came over to the i Commonwealth at the time of federation ' a concession was made to travellers, com- ! -mcrcinl and otherwise, by which telegrams i reaching an hotel or some other place after they had gone could be readdrcssed by the : hotel proprietor and sent on to a nevr des- ; tination, tlie traveller paying the extra cost 1 ing majority of cases the recipients "oTihe ! telegrams have gratefully availed them- 1 selves of the arrangement, and caused no - trouble by disputing the payment for tlie ; forwarded messages. In a few cases re- ' eently, however, tlie recipients, though i they authorised persons nt their last stop: S ping plnee to send on telegrams, have re- ; fused both mcssnges and payment. The ; result lias been loss of revenue and con- - fusion of post office accounts, for each re- i addressed message lodged at nn office is charged against tlie delivering office. The ' Postmaster-General, to meet the difficulty ; has intimated that he will i„ fut„re be obliged to sue ail persons who refuse to pay for messages readdresscd by their re- quest if the practice of evading obligations i snows any tendency to increase. In the final resort lie will withdraw tlie concession altogether. : Replying to a question in the House of ; Representatives yesterday, tlie Minister for External Affairs said lie understood the natives, particularly from tlie western ilivi- sion ot British New Guinea, were employed I" as members of the crews of pearling ves- sols. lie was not aware of any Japanese having landed at Goode Island under agree- inent to the Clark combination in violation of the Immigration Restriction Act. A certain number of Japanese were, however, - landed under the supervision of officers ad- : ministering the act at Thursday Island for ; the purpose of signing articles as members ; of tlie crews of pearling vessels, under ?j bonds that they should be returned to fj their homes at the expiration of their H agreements. 'A In tho way of hospital finance, .1 some- i\ what questionable expedient, or one, at anyt rate, that will require very careful con- £ sidcratiou before being adopted, was dis- M cussed at yesterday's meeting of the Mel- ' bourne Hospital committee. This was a M proposal to alter by-law 04 in such a way I? as would allow of the endowment fund being made available as security for any ! loan or overdraft— practically that these ; moneys might be used for general purposes. It was urged by Mr. B. Sniders that legally the committee had a right, according to : counsel's opinion, lo do this, and virtually I had been doing it, for the bank was hand ling the endowment fund as security for 1 the overdraft. The chairman 'said that i though Mr. Isaacs, K.C., had told them : j that the whole of the institution's funds might be utilised for the liquidation of just ; I debts, .the: committee had always con- ; fiidered the endowment fiind- 'as available for building purposes only, and npart from I maintenance. He did not think it wise to ' 1 discuss the -matter in. open meeting, and . I this view being generally held, the subject \ was dropped. 1 An excellent suggestion was made at yea I terday's meeting of the Melbourne Hos- pital committee by Mr. Sniders, who asked I whether it would not be possible to make I some arrangements whereby casualty and J out-patients, wlio under present arrange 1 ments have to wait about the institution J all day to obtain medical treatment, may I procure necessary refreshment at a small I price. Patients have frequently to wait :| from early morning till far into tlie niter- 1 noon for tlieir turn to be examined by (be - J physician or surgeon. During that long \ interval many of the sufferers, weak and I ill as they are, feel severely distressed, and J often they arc faint from hunger and wcari- ; I ness. Mr. Sniders said he hud observed -J while in England recently that the great ,1 London Hospital meets such an emergency : | by providing soup and other wholesome A food at a cost of Id. Something like that 1 might be done lierc, either by the hospital il or by private enterprise authorised by the : I committee. The matter was referred to the 1 house committee for consideration ;1 The quality of the sheep yarded at , I market yesterday was above the average, : fl there being a number of very prime lots, but the pride of place was claimed by a 1 1 draft "of 241 crossbred wethers from Mr. C. .- I L. Forrest, of Warrowie, Irrewarra, which / 1 were sold by Messrs. Pearson, Rowe, Smith I and Co. at. from 25/10 to 28/11, the draft 1 1 making tlie high average of £1 7/9 per head. .-I Among other sheep sold by the snme firm :-l were 300 first cross and comeback wethers 1 from Mr. T. B. Guest's Bona Vista Estate, ;:1 near Warragul, late shorn, at an average of vl ;01 3/3; 313 merino wethers from Mrs. vl Hughes's Challicum Estate, Buangor, at an average of £1 2/3, and 103. merino wethers |l from Mr. II. P. Mucdonald, Seven Creeka :.l Estate, Euron, at an average of £1 1/11. 'I A Freethinker's Religion was the topic on ;1 which tlie Rev. Chas, Hargrove spoke h>t 1 night at the Unitarian Church, and the title ' rather quandaricd his audience until the jfl subject was developed. Mr. Hargrove— he owns to a personal preference for "mister" :;l — sees a religion which is independent of all \u cliurchc3 and denominations, even of Free- thinkers. The pastor of Mill llill, who luu jjfl come to Melbourne to propound Unitarian- ism, corrects the impression that the Free- fl thinker is a man who is independent of |l X'cligion and morality. Such a one,, accord- |;l ing to tlie preacher, may not be a thinker || and may not be free. The latter contin- |l gency, he might have added, depends very |l much on the viailancc of the police, h hat |l Mr. Hargrove 'bemoans is that people do pi not, and will not, think at all— freely or under constraint. He is no rigorbt, in fi'C |l doctrinal sense, and wants people to le v--| their thoughts, go, uudisciplined by religion or tradition. The individual, lie sa>> |l but "a 'bubble on the stream of time, and ';l if one discovered "the source ot the stream 1 and the ocean in which it was lost he woulu still want to know the origin of the 1 foun- : tain and of tlie ocean. But us the bub 0 logically demands the ocean, tlie alwajs changing phases of existence logically mand an unchangeable Being, 'ihere mus |l .be a God. That is Mr. Hargrove's concln- M sion, and he deduces it from the universality m of the -belief in an unseen power. 1 ' The Executive Council yesterday W « pointed Mr. George Bennett, 0 a member of the Aborigines Board, mcc. r. , C. M. Officer, deceased. (I The purchase of a small eight hone power petrol launch, with two 5 feet uec cutters attached, has been decided oa J |H the Albert Park committee for use on tne lake. This appeals to the committee m the only practicable way of dealing vn || the weeds in the lake with any hope 0 their permanent eradication. One man m |l be able to work both boat and machines. J The cost of the launch and the detaclia fl A weed cutters will be £262. The apppra us to be purchased is similar to those in us B hy the Egyptian Government and on a number of lug English estates. A communication has been .received by the Director of Agriculture from tlio Agent-General in London, saying that if nny farmers from Victoria visiting Great Britain desire to meet agriculturists in dif ferent parts of Great Britain lie lias made arrangements in co-operation with the Eng lish agricultural societies for introducing farming' visitors to leading agriculturists tliioiigbout Great Britain. Mr. Taverner says lie is anxious to bring as many visi ters as possible in touch with agriculturists, this will have a tendency to promote tho interests of the State. Judging from yesterday's proceedings of (be Arbitration Court, which has to delcr- jnine the amount of compensation to bo paid in respect of eacli of the 37 hotels irliich arc to be closed in accordance with (be North Melbourne option poll, it is net likely to complete its work for at least three months. Giving un average of two Jays cacli case, the business will take 74 Jays, and with a court sitting five days a week, the sittings would occupy liftccn weeks, in order to expedite the proceed ings as much as possible, the court has agreed to admit as a general princi ple that the ordinary gross profits on the sale of hotel stock is to be 100 per cent. It would appear from yesterday's case' that even in a neighborhood where popular opin ion declares that there is a large surplusage of hotels, the business of a publican is a fjirly remunerative oiic. An hotelkceper pay ing £300 to go into an hotel, laying out A 480 jn stock and £300 in furniture, wus en- jhlcd, en ''!« nwn figures, tn make a net profit of £513 a year. 'Unit at least was the representation, kid. '.before 'the court yesterday by the license© of . Kennedy's family Hotel, ill Elizabeth-street, which is one ot the houses tiiut are to be abolished; Jurors summoned to attend the Criminal Court to-day at 10 a.m. will not be required until 2 p.m. ; ' The second meeting of the' municipal con ference convened by the Malvern council to consider the Milk Supervision Bill , bus been called for Friday, next, at 2.30 p.m., at the chambers of the Municipal Associa tion. The recommendations of the com mittee appointed at the last meeting will he discussed, and the draft of the bill,' it is expected, will be accepted with amend ments. ft will then be forwarded to the Board of Health, the original trainers of the measure. . ' The annual bail in connection with St. Vincent's Hospital, which takes place ' in the Town Hall this evening, promises' to be a brilliant sochl I success. Sir Reginald and lady Talbot and suite will he. present.. The east and south galleries will be re-: terved for spectators. , V Under the auspices of the' University Extension Board, the educational I centre lias during the last six years held highly successful courses of lectures on subjects B of educational interest. In order to comply with the increasing demands for practical ' ljork in nature 'study and elementary M science the committee has Tor; this year thosen a course of eight lectures. Txvo.lec- tines each will lie given by Mr. T. S. Hall, M.A., on The Mammuls of Australia, Past and Present; by Mr. 'Robert Hid I, F.L.S., on The Bird Life of Victoria; by Mr. 'J. A. leach on Insect Life, and by Mr. M. S.Shar- man, M.A., on Typical Lessons in Science, 'As in former years, the lectures xvill be dc- iivcred on Fridays, fortnightly, in the As- rembly Hall, 1C7 Collins-street, beginning on 1st July. Tickets for the eoai-se—4/ aiid 2/-can he obtained from Air. Otto Krome, frostcrloy-Dnmiinond-strcet; or Air. F. H. Kennick, S.S. 2005, Hathdown-strect.'Cari- ten. The lectures will be illustrated by: limelight views, and 'supplementary demon-' (ration lessons Will be given, at the Uni- versify High ' School, Victoria-street, city, on Saturday mornings. ' I In connection with the erection of the new midwifery operating theatre lit the ilVomon's Hospital, it was pointed out. at' the last meeting of the committee that out' of some £550 raised for tho purpose exact- Jy £300 eame from tho Essendori district,' where the mayoress and a band of leading ladies did yeoman service by means of rates and entertainments in aid of tile move-. ment. The monthly meeting of the council of thc Victorian Artists' Society was held last Thursday evening; Mr. F. M'Cubbin in the chair. The business dealt with was chiefly relating to the annual exhibition, which opens on 9th July. Miss May Vale and Messrs. W. Withers, J. Mather, H. Ram-- say and G. Dancey were elected members of the selecting and hanging committee. Ar- rangements were also made to hold nume- rouss smoke nights and other entertainments during the currency of the exhibition. Fif- teen new members were nominated for elec- tion. I , As the Full Court was unable. to conclude its business yesterday, their Honors will not commence the civil and criminal lists I ""''I - P.m. to-dijy, Jurors summoned to the Criminal Court for tO this morning need not attend until 2 o'eloctc. Messrs. Graham and Styles will offer for hy auction to-day, at their- rooms, in I hluahetli-street, u number of pictures by J. I I , ,'T"01' depicting typical Australian bush life and scenery. 