NEWS AND NOTES I IN A' NUTSHELL THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN. The war.- 1 .''1 HuksI.1I! losses. Some details cabled (o-ilny. The Czar litis lost a great many I olliccrs. I Naturally the administration Is feeling I Hie slmiu severely. Olliccrs on Hie reserve In tin Warsaw district are being miminouml to the colors. Answers., (o .medical questions are Kiveu by. Our Doctor this evening. The list Is n short one. A witness who had been employed as n (lovernthent butter exanilner Is highly critical of Mr Wilson, lute Government dairy oxper). Mc'lhouino almromarUot still strong for Hcndlgo and Barrier stocks, bin easier for I,ong Tunnels. IbiUarat market quiet; Bemllgo lirni. - In a few days King Edward Is to go «n a visit to the Kmperor of Germany. The Kaiser will receive hint at Kiel, on the Baltic, and great uaval manoeuvres have been ordered in his houor. Morn remarkable? statements made lie- fore the Butter Commission lo-duy. Mr Jul in Wmicli. formerly an exiierMn the Department of Agriculture, told the I Butter Commission to-day thai In Vlc- toria Imttnr rmilil lie manufactured quilt; as good as tiro best Danish or Irish. j To-day in t li<» Practice Court, on the1 motion of Mr I'lggott. Mr Justice Hood made an order for the compulsory se questration of the estate of Walter Hey. nolds. of Victoria Bridge. Hawthorn, ex- railway clerk. "Sanelm," in one of his musical notices this evening, tells us iilxmt "an nrcadiuu tempest, that with us would go by the name of a gentle breeze." Yes. every thing Is relative. What kind of a tent- post was that of Tuesday evening? A meeting of those iu sympathy with the proposal, to tender a "sund-ofT to Sir Malcolm M'Kueliuru prior to his de parture for Europe on a holiday trip, will he held nt the Pianola rooms,, Col lins street, at 4 o'clock ou Monday, next. Messrs Dalgety and Co. Ltd. 'have re ceived a- cable from Messrs Ismny, Im- lie and Co., owners of the White Star Line. Htutlug that the fruit shipped by. the 8.8. A file front Holiart on April 2fird has arrived at Liverpool in a satisfac tory condition. ' The Cmnlterwell nud Carlton repre sentatives Iu the recent A.X.A. prize de bate are portrayed iu tlic Illustrated supplement of the "Weekly Times." The portraits of principals in the opera "Olteron," performed by the Lyric Or chestra, are also reproduced. "Economy" urges that the mil way passes held by gentlemen who are no longer members of the State Parliament should be at once called In. We should hu surprised to hear that any of such passes are in actual use, and cannot un- dcrstnud any man of honor relaiuing one In his possession. Of course, some of the non-elected arc Executive Council lors. They hold passes for life. It was announced some time ago that the Loongathu Labor Colony area, of about S00 acres, was to lie reduced by about one-half. Formal effect has now l>cen given to this decision of the -Go vernment by notification iu the "Govern ment Gazette." The colony territory will consist of -1(10 acres, and the balance will he mado available for settlement— in fact, some of it has already been uti lised for that purpose. The Chief Justice stilted iu the Crim inal Court to-day that he ltnd decided not to state a special case for the con sideration of the High Court In respect to certain points of law raised during the hearing of the charge of impersona tion preferred against a young woman ou Tuesday last. IBs Honor said tliut eases were not stated except cm behalf of a prisoucr who had been convicted, and In the case under notice the person charged had been acquitted. The statement hi the morning press that the provisious of the Immigration Ite- stricilon Act were being "rigidly, en forced" against the Lascar crew of the Australia, who had "committed the crime of being shipwrecked" on the Alts- tmiinu coast, was commented on by the Minister for External Affairs to-day. Mr Ilughes characterised the latter re- niark as puerile, and as to. the .other. as sertion. he made It clear that the de partment had absolutely nothing to do with the employment of police to. guard the men. The Minister- for- External Affairs commented to-day on the cubic message Ktutlng that tho Queensland Agent-Gene ral had publicly remarked that "In the face of the policy adopted by the Com monwealth Government" It was hn|>os slide to take advantage of au offer to .supply unlimited Italian immigrants, under contract, to work the Queensland sugar plantations, Mr Hughes said there was no scarcity of white labor hi Queensland, and it was not lutcmlcd to consider the question of Indenting Ita lians under contract. lit giving evidence lieforc the commis sion Inquiring Into the butter hitsiucss to-day,'. Mr John Watigh s-tiil th.it the Fresh Food and Frozen Storage Co. "collared" the bulk of the Government Itoiius for cheese, lie said that company knew six mouths Itofore the 1 tonus was granted tluit .such was to Itc given, and made up a lot of cheese. Tliey had speelnl facilities far beyond any other house for getting the information. Inas much as the then Minister for Agrlcul- .ture was managing director of the com pany, ttnd Mr Wilson, the Government dairy expert, was also a shareholder and director. The City Coroner, Mr Candler, this morning announced his verdict In con nection with the death of an lufaut named William Brown, which took place while in the care of n registered nurse named Ann Elizabeth Uobcrts. Ho found that death had resulted from fractures of the skull, but that there was not snllleicnt evidence to show how the injuries were caused. He added that it was unfortunate that the rider of the Jury' in n former enquiry, recommend ing that Nurse Roberts should not lie allowed charge of children while her sister remained In the house, had not bcou carried Into effect. 