Crumbs and Scraps. Up to the middle of June 10,758,428lbs of butter were exported from this State. For Children's Hacking Cough at Night, Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is 6d.* Great concern is felt about the condition of Sir George Turner, who is again seriously ill. It is a hardship on the electors to have the elections on in the winter, when eggs are so scarce. The death occurred in London, on Thurs day, of Mr Henry Copeland, Agent- General, and a one-time prominent public man in this State. The Manning River Dairy Company's turnover for May was £3878 — showing how the dairying industry is expanding in that district. Miss Marie Narelle will, at the end of her engagement at the St, Louis exhibition, come to Australia to tour for five months with Mr John Lemmone. Old Henry Clarke, M.L.A., last week cele brated his 82nd birthd„y. Notwithstanding his great age, he is taking up the political campaign for the Bega seat as confidently as ever. Ten blocks of land on the Bannockburn Estate, Inverell, were sold recently to South Australian farmers. The area comprised 1600 acres, the average price being about £4 per acre. Mr Wilfred A. Barton, son of Sir Edmund Barton, has been choaen as the first Rhodes scholar of New South Wales at Oxford Uni versity. The value of the scholarship is £300 a year, tenable for three years. Sir Thomas Barlow, at the annual meeting I of the Coal-smoke Abatement Society, said I that there could be no doubt that smoke polluted air was responsible for the marked deterioration among London- born people. The Japanese seem to be ' going through' the Russians just as they like. The Japs smashed up about eight thousand of the enemy last week, in a series of engagements and Bre now musters of Manchuria. A private bill to provide pensions for de serving poor persons of 65 years or more was read a second time in the House of Commons last month. The Government, however, held put no hope that the necessary funds would be provided. Of the £103,000 spent by the Victorian Government in butter bonuses, £2^,030 went to dairymen and £77,000 to agents. The moderation of the agents in refraining from grabbing the lut is surely deserving of the highest praise. One of the proposals of the Farmers and Settlers' Association conference, recently held, was the establishment of loan banks, on the lines of those now in existence in various parts of Europe, to provide cheap money on easy terms of repayment to farm ers and settlers. The success of the svstem where adopted has been phenomenal. According to the monthly report of the North Coast Co operative Dairy Company, Byron Bay, though the cream supply has decreased considerably, the output is still 50 tons per week. The quantity of butter made for the month of May was '210 tons, 7d per lb. being paid for Al, and 6£d for No. 1. Pork was paid for at the rate of 4§d per lb. It is freely stated in the Federal Parlia ment that had tbe Deakin Government been in power instead of the Labor party, the pro posal to include farm laborers within the soope of the Arbitration Bill would have been carried in the House of Representatives. The balance of power, exercised by the Labor party when irresponsible is now gone, and questions are being decided on what the members regard as their merits. A sensational gold discovery has been made by a party of diggers at Wattle Flat. The men struck a vein — only a few inches in width— carrying pure gold. From two buc kets of quartz they recovered about 221bs (not ounces) weight of gold. Large nuggets have been found in the neighborhood from time to time, and it is estimated that twc tons weight of gold have been taken from the spot since the first discovery of the old Tuion field. At the annual dinner given in. London by the Queensland Agent- General, it was stated that a representative of Italy had offered to procure an unlimited number of immigrants suitable for sugar plantations in Australia, provided that contracts were permitted for a year. -When the scheme was established contracts would probably be unnecessary, but in face of the policy of the Common wealth it was impossible 'to proceed with the negotiations. — Any laws that stop immigra tion of a desirable character should be re pealed. A witness before the Victorian Butter Com mission told an interesting story related to fcim while on a voyage to Denmarkr The Barrator was in the butter business, and stated that in cne season he bought Austra liaa butter in London, shipped it over to Denmark, had it repacked in oasks, and sold it in London at a profit of £1 a cwt. The witness said that some makes of Australian putter were very like Danish, and, if simi larly paoked, it could be pold as such. He was of opinion that Australian butter, if properly handled^ was as good, it not better than, the Danish article. 