SHIPPING ITEMS. MAIL STEAMERS. Tlie R.M.S. Orizaba was despatched from Sydney last Saturday, for London, via ports. The F .M.S. Armand Behic arrived at Sydney last Saturday, from Noumea, en route to Marseilles. The R.M.S. Moldavia, en route from London to Sydney, arrived at Adelaide yesterday. Her mails will be delivered here to-morrow. j.ne u.ivi.to. jLtermstadt arrived at Adelaide yesterday, from Bremen, en route to Sydney. The G.M.S. Karlsruhe, from Svdnev, bound to Bremen, left Adelaide last Saturday for Fremantle. REMOVALS AND DOCKINGS. The barque Largo Bay will be taken from her anchorage in Johnston's Bay to a berth in Woolloomooloo Bay early to-morrow morn ing: .This morning the A. and A. Company's steamer Sierra will be removed from the com pany's wharf, East Circular Quay, and moored to the Oceanic Buoy, in Neutral Bay. The American four-masted schooner Alnena wliinh n.rrivArl nf. Rvrrlnntr Inef ' D; ; nt i i — ? rr v , J i irom Port Blakely via Hobart, was removed from the back of Garden Island on Saturday to an anchorage in Johnston's Bay, to discharge her cargo of lumber. The O.P. Company's steamer Orontes will be removed from the company's buoy, in Neutral Bay, to a berth at East Circular Quay early to-morrow morning. LATEST CHARTERS. Rotuma, bq, 196 tons, Hobart and Port Esper ance to Dunedin— hardwood. Hudson, bo. 771 tons. Mfilhmimo TT T7' ? Continent, option South Africa— wheat, j SHIPMENTS TO WEST AUSTRALIA. The Acting Collector of Customs on Satur day received the following telegram from the Collector of Customs, West Australia : — 'Owing to operations special tariff, absolutely necessary later-State certificates should accompany all shipments this State. Please instruct shippers accordingly. Comptroller- approves.' A SMART PASSAGE. The barque Margarita arrived at Sydney late last night from Kaipara after a remarkablv smart passage of 6 days 19 hours. Sho is to the agency of the Kauri Timber Company, .Limited, and has a full cargo of kauri. On arri val an anchorage was taken up in Johns ton s Bay. NEWCASTLE. The barquo Inverclyde arrived at Newcastle Inst Saturday from Table Bay to load coal for a YVest Coast port through the agency of Mr. K. B. Wallace. Messrs. J. and A. Brown despatched the four masted barque Celticburn from Newcastle last Saturday with 41.20 tons of their coal for Junin. The four-masted barque Bidston Hill left Newcastle Inst Saturday for Iquique with 3422 Su.° w Caledonian Coal Company's coal. The Norwegian ship Nordstjernen arrived at Newcastle last Saturday from Adelaide under charter to load coal for Honolulu through Messrs. Earp Bros and Company's agency. THE STEAMER PYRMONT. rlJ w SRa™vr pymont left Sydney last Satur day for Brisbane via the Clarence River to take up her running in the BrisbaneClarenceand Ei' 3 at, track-; S'10 ^s been secured t£S' ,Colllns Sons, of Brisbane, to replace ths steamer Lady Musgrave which was 07th 5 AT °'l ?n. T,m0nd River B«r on the j £ 6 Pl'rninnt was originally owned by Messrs. Allen Taylor and Co., of Sydney, and was employed by them in the Manning and Hastings Rivers trades. The ves sel was subsequently sold to the North Coast b.fci. Company, for their service .between Syd ney and Port Macquarie. FOR DOCKING. f ^eNTS^''i A,ncn!os an'iyed here yesterday from Natal, after a passage of 43 days, and took l'P a' anchorage at the back of Garden Island. She has come here for docking, and is to the agency of Mersrs. J. and A. Brown. ARRIVAL OF AN OVERDUE COOLIES VESSEL. {mm?abl0frtC-eiv£d yes'0rday, states that the R ?ms' which was considerably overdue from Calcutta, bound to Suva, arrived at her destination yesterday, after a protracted boarTnnH +£ -ayS'- ^ h°S 686 C0°lies on board, and the immigrants and crew are all RE THE ALERT MISHAP. +J1?0 Queensland Insurance Co., write to say that the Sydney Underwriters' Associ ation have nothing to do in the matter of re floating the tug Alert, as stated -in a previous 3' Ala.mntter °{ fact this Company always conduct their own salvage work, and their sur veyor and Mr. Graham will be sent away to the scene of the accident by the steamer Burra wong on to-day. ARRIVAL OF TIMBER VESSELS. The American four-masted schooner William Nottingham arrived at Sydney early last Saturday morning from Puget Sound, after a passage of 85 days with 1,336,380 feet of lum ber consigned to [essrs. Davies and Fehon, Ltd% She proceeded to an anchorage in John ston s Bay during the morning and will com ™ * g g operations to-day. ihe four-masted barquentine Omega arrived at Sydney yesterday after a passage of 66 days . rn°®. Co°s. with 697,000 feet of lumber consigned to Messrs. J. I. Falk and Co., Ltd. On ai rival an anchorage was taken up at the back of Garden Island. THE COMMONWEALTH LINE. The steamer Simonside, en roBte from'Timaru via Newcastle, Geelong and Melbourne to Durban and Reunion left Adelaide yesterday in continuation ot her voyage. The steamer Ailsa Craig ' left Bowen on Saturday in continuation of her voyage from Melbourne via Sydney, Newcastle, and Glad stone to Mauritius. CAPE SHIPPING. The Danish barque Esmeralda sailed from Table Bay on the 30th June for Newcastle to load coal for Guayaquil. The Norwegian barque Hudson is now en route to Melbourne from Table Bay to load wheat. J The large four-masted barque Lawhill. 2709 tons register ; 106 days out fyom New York to Japan was towed into Mossel Bav on the 3rd ult. by the trawler Undine. The third mast of the vessel was gone, and she sustained other damage. THE WHAKATANE, 'The steamer Whakatane arrived at Sydney early last Saturday night from Liverpool, via Manchester aud ports, and berthod at Wool loomooloo May. She is to the agency of Messrs. Birt and Co., Ltd., and will probably week' 6 voyase t0 Zealand ports this THE AMERICAN AND AUSTRALIAN LINE Messrs. Birt and Co., Ltd., are advised tha1 the steamer Sussex arrived at Fremantle las11 Saturday from IS ew York, enrouto to Adelaide' Melbourne and Sydney. J. W. HARRISON'S COAL CIRCULAR. San Francisco, July 7, 1904. Since the s.s. Ventura left, the following vessels have arrived here with coal from Newcastle, N.S.W., viz : St. David. 2.180 tons ? Woollahra, 1,450 tons ; Kohala, 1,3111 tons ; iiolliswood, 1,576 tons ; and Lyman D. Foster. 1,181 tons ; total 7,698 tons. The quantity of coal delivered here from the colonies during the past month, amounts to 6,778 tons, the amount received here from the same sources in June, 1903, amounted to 27,827 tons. 'This shows a, marked shrinkage in the quantity of Australian coal now being consumed in this market. There are now on the chartered list of coal carriers from Newcastle, 35 vessels with a carrying capacity of about 95.000 tons the larger portion of this list will riot arrive here before the end of this year'. The' falling off this year of the consumption of Australian coal is mainly attributabte to the increased demand for oil as a steam fuel. As a matter of fact the only grades of Australian coal which will find ready sale here locally are those nrinmnnllv ndnnt/arl ? ? ^ ^ — j xvi uvjLuebuiu pur poses as the competition winch colonial coal have in this market for household uses comes from British Columbia, and their products can be delivered here if necessary at a lower figure than the Newcastle out-put. The proprietors do not think it prudent to make any market reduction to increase their sales by reducing values, hence prices remain steady at present The managers of the Western^ Fuel Company and the Pacific Coast Company are enlarciric their bunkers to facilitate their handling their importations more economically. 