TELEGRAMS. HOME AND EOKEIGN. General Gables. London, October 5. An attempt, which failed, was made yesterday to rob the Commission-street branch of the South African Banking Corporation of Johannesburg. The in tention of the robbers having become known, several detectives were in hid ing, and one of the fourarined men who attempted to hold up the officials was shot, while the two who escaped in a cab were captured euVraequently after one of them had bedfewounded. A *»«®e man, supposed to bef^e fourth, has since been arrested. The episode' oc curred in the afternoon during banking -hours. * The death is announced of CHarenoe D^lly, formerly assistant tp T. A. Edi son, the famous Aumwimi inventor. Dally, who was a martyr to science, had been a sufferer since 1896 from results of exjjeriments with the X rays, which caused.. cancer of the wrist, hands, and arms, ^oth of the arms were ampu tated, ' Lady Ourzon, wife of th$ Viceroy of Lpdi^ ig rather seriously ill. *j3jie' "tyadrid correspondent of the Paris ^jeuPS states that a new treaty has been arranged, between Fran eg and Spain, the object of which is to bar* morusd Spain's sphere of influence with France. There ia i policy of peaceful penetration' in Morocco under, the new oonv^ntion, which is hot to be operative until 1909,." IJhe towns of Tetnan and Tangier are to be ultimately included in the Spanish sphere of influence. The presence of mind of a fireman named Harris, on the occasion of the accident which, occurred on Monday to the express train from New Milford to Faddington, averted a still r graver dis aster, though at the cost of hi|5 own life. Sticking to his post after tfie driver haM been hurled from the fengine ancEcut in two, Harris turned thp stean^ offi,"and prevented an explosion, but was himself fatally injured. Eight Boer prisoners, who escaped from Bermuda recently, arrived. hy a German steamer at Capetown yesterday. They were excluded,however, undgr the Immigration Restriction Act," as «eiug without visible means of snpport. They refused to sign allegiance to the King, and declared themselves subjects of no country. October 6. The death of Count, Ernest, Regpnt of Lippe-Detmold, a German principal-! ity, and the assumption of the Regency by Count Leopold,.of Lippe-Biesterfeld, has created a strange complication. The Kaiser declines to recognise while the State supports Count Leopold^ claims. The State Governor of Lippe is confi dent that the Federal Council will not allow it to be coerced. It wil\\. is stated, ask for the appointment an impartial tribunal to settle the succes sion question. The Kaiser has caused' a sensation throughout Germany, by, sending a telegram to Detmold, the capital of Lippe, forbidding the army to swear allegiance to Count Leopold- as Regent. The Bkblinkb Tageb^att, commenting on the incident, states that the Kaiser's decrees require the signa* ture of Count von Bulow, the. Imperial Chancellor. It adds that' Count voh Billow either disapproves of the Kaiser's telegram or was not consulted, and that in either case he ought to resign. The Greek steamer Clementine, 2608 tone, bound for Antwerp in wheat,.baa foundered off.lJshant, on the French coast, Seventeen members of JBer com pany, including all the officers, were drowned. The Kaiser, who, it unstated, is a large shareholder in the Hamburg American Steamship.Gomp&ny;, has al lowed his ai^e-de-camp to become "a director of the company, whose policy is largely directed-by.Ifi® Kaiser.. ' October 7. C^srmanyt is sending eight thousand, additional troops 1o suppress a. revdltof Hereto* in German South-West Africa. A wHous outbreak of cholera is re ported from Daku. One hupdned and twenty-one cases have occurred, 64 of which proved ^atai. The Austrian Government, in conse quence. of , public demands, hps con sented to an inqnii-y being held regard ing the mental condition of the Princess Louise Ease Goburg, who recently es caped frpm an asylum. Eight, recalcitrant Boers have re turned to the Transvaal, having taken the oath of allegiance. Twenty, thousand Gerpians.. marched in prooessiQHa ah Louis in commem oration of the landing ofMinnopites in 16.73. The Gerrnan Ambassador, in addressing the processionists, conveyed them the Kaiser's greetings and assur ance of his warm interest in their wel fare, The Metal Market.—Tin is quptedat £129 5s. Mr. Arnold Foster, Secretary for War, speaking at a dinner of the Cut ler's Company,"' warned the nation that they were unable to prepare for war without previous sacrifices. Tuou can not trifle with war, he said, and added —eveiy farthing spent in training troops wto were up fit to face and de feat a foreign enemy was money wasted, and the artny was ready to accept the enforcement of this test. ' The Kaiser, iri opening a technical 'college at the German seaport town of Dantzig, said that he intended to de velop local industries, especially .ship building. . He emphasised the faet that Germany was in advance of other na tipnstot^s matter ofs tes^nioftJ. Bciena^f due to systematic training, and not to obance discoveries of qayants. Admiral Sterling, of the United States navy, recommends some import-^ ant additions to the strength of the United States navy, op the Asiatic station. The British Government has sum moned a conference of the Poor Law guardians to attempt to cope with the distress amongst the poor. Equinoctial gales have been raging on the British ooast, causing numerous shipwrecks and several fatalities. Out of 160,000 artisans at Moscow and Vala fimir, the chief centres of the textile industry, fifty thousand are un employed. October 9. The Russian volunteer cFuiser Smol ensk has arrived at Havre, on the French coast, iwhere she is coaling. A declaration confirming the repent Franco-Spanish agreement in respeot to Morocco, has been signed at Paris. The agreement upholds the integrity of Morrocco under the present Sultan's sovereignty. Spain has also given hpr adherence ro the Anglo-French declara tion regqrdipg Egypt and,Morocco. Professor W-tlhehn Kah! has warned Kaiser William that his conception of the legal aspects of fhe Lippe succession Bre utterly wrong, and that much in dignation has been excited- hy the Kaiser's arbitrary telegram directing the army to refuse to subscribe allegi ance to the new regent, especially since I the tpessage was not endorsed with the signature of Count Von Bulow, the German Chancellor. j The Mount Pelee vojcanp on the j French Island of Martinique, in the' West Indies, which destroyed the town j of St, Pierre and killed thirty-thousand, people in May, 1902, is again in erup- i tion, steam, 'ashes, and halls of fire being thrown through a dense cloud of smoke to a height of 8000 feet. Fire is also being emitted frpm the foot of the cone. The trial of. the beautiful Countess Linda Bontartini and. her lover Pro fessor Secchi, who are charged .with the murder of the Countess' husband, is exciting intense interest in Rome. The evidence has been characterised by as tonishing revelations. Renter's correspondent at Shanghai states that serious uneasiness is being created ; in consequence of the ominous reports from the widely separated dis tripi.^ of - the interior regarding the in ientigna cf; the secret societies. The Chinese^officials are everywhere striving to secure the most modern arms andLj ammunition. There have been 9984 railway fatali ties in the United States since 1903, and 78,152 since 1894. A shell explosion, which destroyed the magazine, occurred yesterday in a fort near Antwerp (Belgium.) Eleven soldiers were killed and many injured. Andrew Carnegie, the. American millionaire, has given £40,000 to the central library and four branch libra ries at Islington, a suburb of London. Arnold Foster, Secretary of State for War, in the course of a_speech at the Cutlers' - Feast on Thursday, said his one year's experience at the W^ar Office [bad filled inip wj^h graye concern. He^ sympathised with the idea of iConscrip-| tion, though he doubted if that system would yield.the benefits commensurate with the burdens it would impose. He also added that they did not want an army for sport, social opportunities, or recreation, but an army that would be able, to win when it fought an enemy. October 1Q. The Japanese recently stopped the British steamer Victoria near W'-i-hai wei. They explained that they were watching for three British steamers sus pected of attempting to convey tinned meats, and- vegetables to Port Arthur. ■ The owners of.t the British steamer Calchas, seized by the Russians and afterwards released, have announced their intention to decline in future to carry Ujiifced States mails to Japan.] since the Russians allege that they found American mail matter in the' Calchas which was intended to give the Japanese information. . The Socialist organ at Kiel, Prussia, affirms that the Germunia shipbuilding yards are building su lunar in e§ for Rus sia,'and., denounces such contracts as a ~breach of German neutrality. The Peace Congress now: sitting at Boston, U.S. A„ has decided to_ccall the Powers' attention to the Danish So ciety's platform—the organisation of the nations, into a positive peace-making j union, with, the, Hague Arbitration Gourt as its tribunal. The uext con gress of- the peace, delegates will be held at Lucerne, Switzerland, in 1905. The Witbois. a warlike tribe in Ger mjui South-West- Africa, who have hitherto aided-.the Germans, have now joined the rebel Hereros. The British Admiralty have placed an order, for a^uew battleship with Ygrrow and On., Ltd., London, and another with William Beardman and Cp., Limited, Glasgow. Bpth vessels are to be of ,the Lord Nelson type, and are to cost £1,500,000 each. A . daring attempt to pprpetrate a gigantic, fraud has just come to light in Paris. A man named Pierre Liera, aj blacksmith, brought a. series, of serious charges against, the Marquis Cm de Liera, ajid laid claim to the letter's vast estates. It appears that a^powerful Paris syndicate had backed Pierre Liera, and the memhersof the syndicate now admit that the Abbe Gouvera and SenorSou leqe, ex-Spanish Consul, were authors of the gigantic fraud. Warrants have accordingly been issued for the, arrest of,, the principals. The intervention of the Russian Con sul secured the release of two Russians who were detained at Eydtkuhner, in East Prussia because they declined to travel to the United by ppp of1 the German Atlantic liners. The Bee-, Liver Tageblatt, commenting on the incident, says it is most disgracefnl that, foreign intervention should be necessary to secure ordinary justice. Great distress is prevailing in the east end of Liondon, consequent upon the persistent industrial depression. There are, it is stated, 6000 unemployed in the parish of Poplar, 10,000 in West Sam, and an. unprecedented number in Stepney. The municipal authorities of Poplar have convened a meeting of the Past Pud Parishes, with the object of petitioning the King to summon Par liament to provide relief. The Russian municipalities and Zem stvos county councils are delighted with the hint given them by M. Miraki, Minister for the Interior, of the Czar's intention to strengthen the representa tive institutions of the country. Prince G&litzina;, tnfeyor of Moscow, replyiug to M. Mirski, remarked that the distrust exhibited towards all public institutions during the past two years had discon certed everyone. Herr Barkmeyer, secretary to the secret department of Krupp's Germ an ia j shipbuilding yards, has been arrested on ; a charge of selling plans of German battleships either to Great Britain or to a rival firm. The Portuguese disaster.at Trumene, in Portuguese West Africa, proves to have, been mpro serious thap was at first reported The rebel Cuanhamas broke the Portuguese square, and a combat ensued, in which assegais and bayonets were used. October 11. Count Von Bulow has explained that the Kaiser is willing that the succession to Lippe-Detuiold shall bg, settled by legal process. The sucoessor to the late Prince has angrily protested against any interference by the Kaiser. The attempt of the ffew Zealand Government to, start^ fire insurance is causing uguch interest amongst English companies. Lloyd's underwriters have agreed to accept lines of insurance at premiums not lower than ten per cept. under the New ^Zealand Company's rates. The Times wajos the under writers that they are possibly commit ting themselves to hazards of which they have no conception when they undertake a war of ratps with the New Zealand Government, and if it con tinues it will have to deal with the combined institutions which are many times more powerful—financially and otherwise—rthan itself. A very stormy meeting of share- [ holders iii the Chartered Company oil South Africa pas been held in London. The meeting ultimately sanctioned the issue of shares to replenish the capital by a million, but declined to affirm the motion by underwriting the arrange ment. October 12. The Messageries Maritimes. and most of the other Marseilles lines of steamers have resumed their services, although the coal lumpers still remain on Btrike. As a result of the revelations in Lieutenant Bilsi's book "In a Garri son Town," for the future all garrisons will be transferred every five years, so as to prevent intimacies arising be tween civilians and tin; miljt^ry Thp, . Pqst states that Lord | Milner will resign the High Commis sionersbip of South Africa before Xrn&s;, owing to ill health. Lady Curzon has again suffered a re lapse, her condition being very critical. The steamer S. Wauley, carrying Chinese Coolies to South Africa, be came stranded on the Seraia Island, but reached Singapore after landing J 2260 Coolies on Seraia Island with ten days" provisions. The United States has asked the Russian Governments to explain the, opening of mails aboard the steamer Calchas, which was lately stopped. 