ON THE LAND, FARM AND STATION. THE GLAMOUR OF THE CITY. There was a very much worried man In Melbourne last week. He is secretary of a public Institution, and had been instructed j to advertise for a ground caretaker at 36s 1 per week. The applications for this splendid position numbered 1476, and the secretary and his staff had to go back to the office at night and work overtime In preparing the mass of matter for consideration by the rul- ing body, which was to make the appointment. The incident painfully illustrates the deplorable condition of the light labour mar . ket In Australian cities, and reveals a most anomalous position of affairs. We have a half-developed and, to a large extent, un- occupied territory clamouring for live stock and the plough-share, and all who have stu- died the case are urging that Australia requires immigrants to go to the country, and give the land a chance to do its duty to the State. At the same time 1476 men in one city are anxious to secure a billet at 35s per week. We may be sure that a world of pathetic misery lies behind many of those applications; that the 35s a week would mean to a large proportion rescue from respectable poverty and to others relief from semi- starvation. Can it be possible that while the cities are crowded with workless people men must be brought to Australia to work the land, and produce its fulness? The question , Is growing bigger every day, but no man has so far hit upon a satisfactory way of shifting the shiftless from the city to the land, and making them useful to themselves and their country. Apparently a large proportion of the population will drift into the cities, and once there they become the merest tools of circumstances. When the city prospers and there is work for a fair proportion, those who have no constitutional objection to earning a living get on fairly well. But when the country falls the city and business becomes bad, the surplus city population drops out and lives nobody knows how. Their very absence from the country, where they should be at work, is one cause of the lack of billets in the city, for while the country is undeveloped the great centres can- not make sound growth. This condition is not, as some people imagine, peculiar to Australia. During many years there has been a steady exodus from the rural districts of England to the cities, and the number of people engaged on the land is steadily decreasing. The accepted explanation is that the city life is most attractive, and we are told that young men and young women would rather exist amid the excitements of a metropolis at half wages than work in the country and make homes for themselves. This, however, is probably only a half truth. Though the average city dweller is totally unfitted to go on land or work for others on land, there must be a large proportion of country-reared people among the workless who apply in hundreds for work at a bare living wage. In England it is recognised that one of the chief reasons for the exodus is the absolute impossibility of obtaining small holdings. The land is held by a few rich men who for the most part make ? the hardest possible terms with tenants. The tenants and tenants' sons have no prospect of making their own homes on the land, and so there is always a tendency to seek employment in some of the many factories of the towns and cities. A large proportion of the landowners can afford to keep the acres that should carry families doing little else -I. have providing sport for wealthy idlers, and SusVceupatlon of land and labour In agricul tural\tLurBUlt8 are both reBtHctea- under less favourable conditions Denmark has carried out a strained resumption and occupation by small freezers, which has hold the people in the country? with this scheme goes hand in hand an educational system which renders the peasant farmers capable agriculturist and. what is better, inspires him with a high-minded pride in his profession and his work. Peasant farmers in Renmark sit in the halls of the mighty and but a to rule the destinies of the country. It story necessary that Australia should choose and choose tauickly. between the British Bid Danish examples. The time is ripe, and largo Propor- tion of large landholders are AnxiouS to dispose of lands which, under our system, do not pay interest on capltabVralue, but which would be profitable to small holders. There are also" in several States last areas of Crown lands locked up under various forms of tenure which could, under honest administration be resumed and cut up from time to time' Possibly Immigration may be neces nary but so far there's not enough farm land available for our own people. Probably it is too late to draw the surplus population from the cities, but it is possible to check the constant influx by holding land under reasonable conditions' The development of new markets for produce would need to go hand in hand with any proper settlement movement and here DenWk, New Zealand, the United States of' America. and Canada all offer examples to Australia. 