Queensland arliaient. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 21 XlGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tito Legislative Council met at 3.30 p.m., and tho President read prayefs. LEAVE OF ABSENCE. The Hresldenk reported that he had rer ccived from his Excellency the Governor an 'intimation to the effect that leave of absence had been' granted for 12 months, to the Hon. J. Ferguson. . , IVllHUbiLLANEOUS KUfUUTS, <£C. The President intimated that he had received the following letters and re-; ports : Letter from the Agent-General, stating that tho accounts relating to Government debentures (scries , SI amt XI) amounting to £1,000,000, held in trust for the Government Savings Bank, had been found correct. Letter irom tho Audi'tor-Uenernl,. with reference to the public debt, ''reduction fund. Letter, covering Auditor-General's 15lh annual report on tho: Q.N. Bank, and 14th an nual report; of tho Auditor- General upon tho public accounts for the year .1903-4, together with, statement showing the condition ot .tho public finances nt June 30,1994. On the motioii of - Mr. Barlow, it ' was agreed that the Auditor-General's repdrt on the public finances, also tho immigra tion agent's Tcport for 1003, should -be printed. ' ' NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr. Macplicrson gave notico of motion .that on Tuesday next ho would movo that tho Hon.1 B. D. Morohcnd ho ap pointed chairman of committees. Mr. Barlow gave notice that, on Tues day next, the TIottst>. should meet at 8 p.m., and that it sit on Tuesday, Wed nesday, and Thursday, Government busi ness to take precedence on Tuesday and Thursday. Mr. Barlow also gave notice of motion respecting hhn reappointment of tbe various committees. Mr. Barlow further gave nolioe that, on Tuesday next, ho would move that, the standing orders ho suspended for tho phr- poso of passing through nil its stages in ono day an' appropriation bill, Ho asked for the attendance of at least 22 mem bers on that day. Mr. O'SuUivan gave notico that ho would, on Tuesday next, introduco a bill to amend the hiccir-ing Act with , regard to tile registration of clubs. Mr. Murphy moved that the following tncssago be transmitted to the Governor: "To his Excellency Major-general Sir Herbert Charles Cliermsido, Knight Grand Cross of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George, Compan ion of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, Governor of the Stato of Queens land and its Dependencies, in the Com monwealth of Australia. May it please your Excellency : 1. We, His Majesty's loyal and dutiful subjects, the members of the Legislative Council of Queensland, in Parliament asscnibJcd; "desire to assure vour Excellency ot our continued loyalty and affectum to the throne and person' of our Most Gracious Sovereign, and to thank your Excellency for tho speech with which you have been pleased, to open the present session. 2. We will give our most careful attention aud con sideration to the several measures speci ally mentioned by your Excellency, and to ail other matters brought before '' us ; and we earnestly trust Hint our delibera tions will lie instrumental in promoting the good government and tho welfare of Uie State." Ho took it as att honour to lie called on to move the adoption of the address-in- reply. He was. fully in accord with the policy outlined in his Excellency's ad dress, and supported it because lie be lieved 'it would tend to tho furtheraaice of the industries and resources of the State, and to the promotion of the hap piness of the people generally. He had unbounded confidence in the resources of the State, and-was pleased to notice that an effort was being made to find suitable markets for the products of the State. He favoured the introduction to the Stato of desirable people. Millions of acres of first-class land at present, were lying idle. What was needed was an apostle who would preach the gospel of work. fl- Icar, hear.) Mo believed that in the settlement of people on the land lay the solution of the problem of suc cessful government. I-Ic suggested that the Government should set apart an area of land— say, in the Burnett district— and cut it up into, say, 1,009 farms of 200 acres each. Lithographs of the farms, carefully numbered, should ho prepared, and issued to intending buyers, so as to facilitate the inspection or tho lands. By following a careful land settlement policy within ten years lie considered it would lie possible to double the present popula tion .of the State, thereby decreasing its indebtedness by half, and . also enormous ly increasing the value of all classes of its lands, lie also favoured a property tax, the proceeds of which should bo ear marked for tho purpose of putting on the land it large number of agricultural lab ourers. Thoughtful men ami experienced politicians in other Australian States now were turning their attention to the fund settlement question. Ho was in fa vour of tho passing of a measure ttimilur to that of Lord Aslibtirn in regard to Irish lands, a measure which provided for the Government's assisting tho tenant to sceuro his landlord's farm, where each party was willing to buy and to sell re spectively. Tho proposal to make re ceipts cover expenditure, as containod in the speech, ho considered to be a good one. An improved franchise measure also seemed to bo greatly desired at the present time. It also wa9 high time that the licensing laws should bo altered in the manner indicated in the speech. The proposal to alter the incidence of the income tax, so as to relieve tlio man who was in receipt of a small income was a good one. He was glad to note that the sugar and other industries showotl signs of revival, and the discovery ot the new mineral, wolfram, ho hopod would he followed by the discovery of other equally important minerals. In conclusion, he again wished to say that he regarded the land settlement question as the most im portant. I-lon' members ; Hear, hear. Mr. T.. A. Johnson, in seconding tho motion, said ho considered the State should feel proud of having a Governor such as it at present possessed ; a Gov ernor who haid ondeavoured iu every .pos sible way to make himself acquainted with the social and industrial conditions of the State. Some cheap prophets had predicted that the coalition could not last, but ' ho could not agree with that predletion. Tl(o present . Government had a record majority. He therefore trusted that a record amount of useful legisla tion would result. He approved of the exempting from taxation of all salaries under £100. Unfortunately, however, tax ation of some kind or. other could not be avoided. He hoped that federal politics soon would adopt a more definite and permanent shape. Tho proposal to intro duco a dairy hill lie regarded as a good ono. Government supervision of the dairy industry in Denmark had resulted in placing Danish butter foremost in the English market. The policy of strict economy outlined in the report would, lie felt sure, commend itself to every lion, member in that Chamber. It was most regrettable to find that tho State at pre- sent Was paying £1,500,000 a year as in terest on borrowed money. As a colonist of 40 years' standing he had seen Queens land pass through many varied experi ences, and had tlio utmost confidence in its resources. He holievcd in land settle ment, but considered it 'was of no uso putting untrained men on the land. (Hear, hear.) He was glad to sec a largo number of , farmers! sons settling down in the Warwick distuict. Ho should very ' much like to sco a bonus system established fot tho encouragement of the manufacture ' of agricultural machinery, also .for the building of tho first vessel of a: certain tounaigo at tho port of Bris bane. He .noted with pleasure the .opti mistic' 'tone of the speech. Ho hoped every, possible encouragement would be given to the. further development .of tho ' sugar -Industry, Good coal had been dis covered- in tlio Warwick district, and he hoped . this Industry would also bo pro perly encouraged. What was wanted at the present time was not only coalition, "hut also unity. They should give a long pull, a- strong pull, and pull together un til the State ship was pulled to a pros perous anchorage. Hon. members ; Hear, hear. v Sir A. C. Gregory moved the - adjourn ment ol the debate. . Tito Houso rose at 4.40 p.m., until 3 p.m. on .Tuesday next. 