Wat f\tpkt ADELAIDR: FRIDAY, FEPTHMBER 2. Ifsll. WESTERN AUSTRALIAN TOLlTIpS. Mr. Daglish, the now Premier of Western Australia, in doctoring the Ministerial policy recently, frankly ad mitted that Ms party had not a ma jority in Parliament The James Jlinistry, which claimed 23 votes, were defeu ted by the Socialists, who number ed only 22, hut were assisted by four 'Independents.' Mr. DagHsh announc etl that if Parliament should reverse the! verdict which placed him in power. o[ if the Opposition should indulge in harassing tactics, the GoMenimcnt would ask for a ilissclution. A Govern ment existing on the sufferance of one or two unattached votes is usually on its be.st behaviour, and remarkable for its suavity, moderation, and adapta bility. In the circumstances of the Perth Socialist regime it is not surpris ing to lind tb-- programme prevsental with a label exactly opposite to the re volutionary, but it is amazing to Irani that some members of the caucus have not the wit lo appreciate the Minis terial tactics. To do Mr. Daglisii jus tice, one must say that that gentleman realizes that the financial condition of the State demands tlie exercise of patience- and prudence. An old proverb nays— ''Tis money makes the mare to go,' and the lack of funds brings even a Socialistic Treasurer from the vapo rous skies of Utopia to the solid earth of prosaic facts. 1-It is ray duty as Treasurer,' remarked Mr. Daglisb, 'to maintain a very conservative attitude in view of the stringency of the money market.' He not only proceeded to ox plain the harsh necessity for the dis cipline of economy, but in-vited the Legislature simply to mark time; aad he added, in the precise Avords employ ed by Mr. Fosuer in relation to this State, 'a period of rest and recupera tion is required.' The financial problem is certainly not more pressing in 'The Golden West' than in the Central State; and, if a Socialist Ministry in th« former perceive the urgency for 'rest and recuperation,' what becomes of the fierce criticism of the Socialists in the latter because the need of a similar' policy is recognised here? Mr. Danish estimates he will want this year £50,000 more revenue than was received in the | previous 12 months, and that he is lik:1 I ly to obtain £150,000 less- He also as ' sumes that it will be impossible to raise a loan either locally or in ]-oih1oi) during the next 10 months, and that meanwhile the State must lind from other sources £020.000 which Avouid ordinarily come from tlw proceeds of loan. That amount will have to be secured, either by temporary financial expedients, which should be avoided if possible, and are deplorable even when unavoidable, or from ordinary revenue. j . Economy is essential, but that will not meet all the exigencies of Western Australian finance. Not only are new worlds prohibited by these conditions, but undertakings already authorized must be delayed— among them the con struction of the Fremantle Dock and tiie proposed Collie to Narrogin and the .Tstmlakot Railways. ? 'The Govern ment's satisfaction would lx^ in the re flection that they were in power to serve the public, not to gratify them.' Poverty truly makes jilulosbphers of us all! 'If Mr. Gardiner's policy of iiisi year,'' ndded the Premier, 'had been adhered to, they would Ime bud funds in hand to carry on the loan ivorks with ease for the next few mouths.' Mr. Lefroy will soon retire from the Agent-Generalship, and the promise is given that his successor shall be chosen irrespective of party politics, and ou his merits as a good and energetic busi ucss man and a capable financier. However the Socialists may temporise, they clinuot completely disguise their inward attitude and their ultimate aims. 'The cub may bo docile, but the development of the tiger is only a mat ter of time and ?opportunity.' One should roaerve congratulations to the Daglisii Ministry concerning their con ciliatory policy until one has heard the whole of it— especially the parts omitted from a speech designed to placate English financiers— and until one has learnt lie effect of the protest by extremists against the moderation displayed by the Government. Consis tency compelled the Premier to brim; forward the proposal for the abolition of the Legislative Council, but lie did so in almost an apologetic tone. The matter would be made the subject, of a Bill to provide for a referendum at; the next general elections, and it w;is sug gested that the electors should then answer two questions: — 1. Are you in favour of a single-chamber constitu tion? 2. Are you in favour of house hold suffrage? If the Legislative Coun. cil refused to pass that measure, it would be requested to agree to house hold suffrage; but a hint was given to the effect that under certain conditions a referendum might be ordered on an executive decision alone. The Govern ment intended to count the referendum by tbo votes recorded according to constituencies, and not in the ordinary way by votes in the mass. The Premier intimated further that information was being collect ed with a view of establishing— failing action by the Federal authorities— old-aeio pen sions on the basis of 00 yoans of aga and 10 years' residence; and funds for the purpose would be obtained from a tax on totalizator receipts and from profits on State public bouses! The Ministry intended to tax the unimprov ed value of lands, with an exemption of £1,000, an additional impost on ab sentee owners, and a. State right of re sumption at 10 per cent on valuation, which must be made by the owner. The registration of mining companies would be amended on Hie lines of Transvaal legislation, and the Govern ment would insist on Uie appointment of two load directors to each company, who would be held liable for :my frauds committed by it. The Ministry would discourage non- British labour in mines, continue Slate aid to prospec tors, and add to the number of Statn smelters. A commission would bo formed to co-ordinate and administer the public service, but Ministers would luive the right to veto appointments. The Government claimed to be as much in favour of immigration as any otter section of Uie community, but the. im migrant must possess energy, capital,, and the courage io face a settler's life. This proviso leaves room for such sus picions as were created by certain Federal administration of immigration laws. Dr. Ellis ctdled attention in the no-eonfidence debate to the unprofit ableness of tlie Collie coal at the price paid for State purposes, aud tlie Go vernment will enquire into the matter, with a view of acquiring direct State management of tho mine. Dr. .Tack, the well-known geologist, has since been selected to report upon the coal prospects of the west Tlie full pound of fiesh will be exacted from the Mid bud Railway Company, and steps will be taken to m:ike it aad other large landholders open their properties. The Ministry .-ipprove of local option, and aiso to the establishment of Stale hotels without the intervention of tho Licensing Bench. An tilteration is con templated in the form of municipal taxation, so as to base the charge upon allotment frontages. A vigorous rural policy will lie counter-balanced through tiie institution of n Department of Lahour. Many of the 'reforms' indi cated will not bo authorized, but it will be interesting to watch the develop ments in Ilic new Assembly, half of whose members are new to Parliamen tary life, and under tlie leadership of Ministers possessing no administrative experience. Hard times and a sense of dependence are evidently capable of producing some practical proposals from, even a Socialist Ministry; but virtue, under adversity, is always a ni-cii easier accomplishment than it is under prosperity, as was exemplified in the case of the See Government when it wats driven by tlie New South Wales Socialists into a course of unparalleled, political prodigality. 