SUMMARY. A littin boy was killed at Ipswich yester ' day. (Page .S.) Some human remains have been found in the Boat Passage. (Page 6.) . Mr. John Roid lately visited Tasmania and Viotoria. (Poge 3.) Tbe South Brisbane Benevolent Soclply met yesterday. (Page 15.) " y ' . 1 Tne criminal sittings of tho Supremo Couti were continued yesterday.' (Pago 13.) A youth was thrown fvnm ,1' hnrfl'n nt Stone's Corner yesterday. (Puge 8.) Tho mutter of Danish immigration lias .been brought before Mr. Morgan. (Page 7.) Tho Hill End Presbyterian Mission uimi- versny celebration took place this week. (Pago 7.) Several persona were injured in u vehicular collision at Rosalie yesterday evening. .(Pago 8.) A capital idea for cleaning water tanks has been introduced by Mr. F. H. Carloss, of Indooroopilly. (Pago 3.) At a meeting of tho Sandgato Regatta Committee last evening it wus decided that tho usual regatta bo held on New Year's Dav. (Page 3.) Sir George Turner is suffering from a severe attack of lumbago. (Page 7.) Tbe ooal trimmers on -strike at Newcastle were given another opportunity of resuming work yesterday, but thoy refused. (Pago 7.) Sir George Turner was so incensed at ths treatment of the estimates that it was with - difficulty that he was prevented from tender- ' ing bis resignatiau. (Page 7.) ' There aro 75,600 streot beggars ill London. (Page 7.) 'b. General Botha favours the agitation to roako tbo Transvaal a white man's country. (Pago 7.) ' V Tbe Frenoh Premier has introduced a bjll for the separation of chnrch and State -in France. (Page 7.) At Oxford University seven out of nine events wore won by Rhodes scholars from America. (Pago 7.) The Parliament of Great Britain has been , asked to puss a bill for the compulsory ' vaccination of tramps. (Page 7.) Tho discussion 011 the Anglo-French Con vention has. again, been adjourned in the Chamber of Deputies. (Page 7.) The trade between- Great Britain and India for the year ended 3 1st March last- showed an inorease of £20.000,000. (Page 7.) Lord Lansdowne's Guildhall speech has oreated an excellent' impression abroad, especially iu regard to the peaoe movements. (Pago 6.) It is rumoured in London that tlioaRight Hon. Andrew Graham Murray has. been offered tho High Commissionerahip iu South Afriou. (Pago 7.) A labour conference at Pretoria has recom mended tbo prohibition of. all Asiastic imnii- . gration unloss under the labour imoortation orainanoe. (Pago 7.) Sir Heurv Campbell Bannerman deomres . that Mr. Chamborlain has raised u fiscal agitation to cover up the failure of his South African polioy. (Pago 7.) Franco is building ten submarines. (Page 7.) Many Poles aro rejoicing openlv at Russia's defeats. (Pngofl.) A number of deserters at Warsbaw have been shot without trial. (Poge 0.) No money is in circulation at Port Arthur. Wages are paid in kind. (Page 6.) _ Russia has protested against tlio mobilisa tion of Swedish warships" (Puge 0.) 1 Tho Port Arthur garrison aro emaciated through laok of sufficient food. (Pago 6.) Tho railway lino in Korea from Seoul has has been completed by tho JuDancse. (Page 7.) Tho oity of Port Arthur hus'.been ten-' dered uninhabitable owing to tho xJapanoao siege guns. (Pago 6.) s. The remainder of the Russian fleet,, whioh is at Libun, will sail at 1111 early date for tho far east. ' (Pago 6.) ' ' Tho seotion of tho Baltic fleet proceeding - eastward from Tangier, has arrived at S'u'da bay, Crete. (Pago 6.) ' Danish torpedo boats are on the' watch to protect Danish shipping from attack bv t'10 Baltic fleet. (Pago 6.)" - ' Many of tho peasant reservists in southern Russia have pillaged und- burnt the mansions of- tho lundloras. (Page 6.) ! The bodies of tho dend at Port Arthur" are being thrown into a dock containing only a ? : few mohes of water; (Page 6.)- f . . ' : The Japanese sot an army warehouse on - fire ut Port Arthur with the siege guns and exploded a battery.fi) (Pago 6.) , 