General News, A fine Murray cod was landed from the Yarra immediately above Dight's Falls ou Saturday by two lads, Geo. Collister and Win, Home. It weighed 251b. The upper reaches of the river have been stocked from timo to time by the Anglers' Society, and this specimen may toe accepted as a proof that their labour has not been in vain. Occasionally, some good baskets arc obtained along the river between Collingwood and Heidelberg, but the boys named appear to have put up a record f&r; a single fish. Mr. John T. Kinahan, the young tenor, who is leaving for Europe, has received a letter from J anet Lady Clarke, in which she grants her patronage to his benefit concert, and states . that, fche will alssist him in every Way possible.' The estimated population of Victoria on January 1 last -was 1,208,854—605,3fel males, 608,493 females'.. According to official returns, the total on March 31 was 1,206,867—603,247 t males. 603,620 females—a reduction of l987 persons. The natural increase was 3669, and the excess of emigration' was ; 6656. Tho immigration as recorded "was 21,849, and the emigration' 25,64.4. Now South Wales gained from this State 1282' persons; AVefetorn Australia, 1857; New k Zealahd,'9(J8. At tho conclusion of the meeting of the City Council im Monday , the Lord Mayor (Sir Malcolm it'Eechurn) stated his intention of leaving for a six months' trip to iSngiaud if his colleagues vicre willing 'tp. spare him. For some, time past Mb health had not been very gbod, and bis inedical advisers had suggested Jthat ho should leave • Mclbournes f&r; si long rest. At times he felt in the best-of spirits, but at ottoer timofe ho suftered vory much. given, and at the conblwsion ^ the meeting cheers We^e ^V^itor -Qlr Malcolm aafr r ; Professor ^im^^WfSo^-found Chair bt Geol^^Hi^^^.HM ' tho Melbourne University, having accepted a chair at the Glasgow University. Tho reason lor Professor Gregory leaving is that tho geological laboratory, at tho Melbourne University is not properly equipped. A further stage towards closing 37 hotels in the licensing district of jNorih Melbourne, as a result of tho decision of the voters at the last local option poll, was entered upon at the Third Civil Court On Monday morning, when the arbitration court,' appointed to determine tho amount of compensation to be paid in each individual case, held-its first sitting. Kach ense will have to be dealt with in detail on its merits, and it will bo some time before the court will complete its labours. This is tho first occasion on which such a wholesale closing of licensed premises has been decreed. A concession has bean made by tho Postal department in the interests of the sick in relation to the use of telephones by doctors who nre connected with country, exchanges which are open only during the day, between 9 a.m. and 0 p.m. An instruction has been issued that whenever a doctor indicates that a patient who is on tho telephone may wont him urgently at any hour on a given night, the- telephone attendant beforo leaving the exchange at 0 p.m. must leave the doctor connected with the patient's house. A witness before tho Butter Commission on Tuesday told an interesting- story related to him while on a, voyage to Denmark. The narrator was in the butter business, ojid stated that in one season ho bought Australian butter in London, shipped it over to Denmark, hud it repacked in casks, and sold it in London at a profit of £1 per cwt. The witness said that so 1119 makes of- Australian butter were very like Danish, and, if similarly packed, it coul^i be sold as such. He was of opinion, that Australian butter, if properly handled, was as good as, if not bettor than, the Dainish article. Throughout Denmark, he said, there was Government supervision, and not so much as a pint of milk could be sold unless it had' been pasteurised. Mr. George Bennett, M.L.A., has been appointed a member of the Aborigines Board of Victoria, vice Mr. C. M. Officer, deceased. The Oxford local examinations, introduced now for the first time in Australia, commenced on Monday at the Independent Hall, Russell street., under the superintendence of Mr. A. 51\. Nesbitt and Mr. Joshua Lake. There are 59 entries (all girls), of whom four arc senior candidates for the title of associate in arts, 20 junior candidates, and 34 preliminary. The examination' will conclude 011 Friday afternoon, and the candidates' papers will be forwarded to Oxford by next week's mail. 