TOWN TALK. i- Our Melbourne letter, containing tho latest metropolitan hews, will bo found on the (irsi. pace. The Immigration Restriction Act has given the Customs officials a great deal of work during the present grain season in seeing that no prohibited aliens are left behind by outgoing vessels. They are required to make last-minute visits to departing vessels before granting the ship a clean-sheet, and up to the present no breaches of the Act have been detect ed. In the case of one vessel, whose crew of Filipinos refused to go to sea with her, the captain was, as the sailors put it. between the devil and the deep sea. They were what he considered an undesirable crew, and might have been replaced with advantage, yet a penalty of £100 per head would be the cost of their remaining in Geelong; and the cap tain chose the only course open to him \- had them imprisoned until the day of sailing and then put on board in irons, at the last moment. The barque Nellie Troop has one "colored gentleman" on board, and a special inspection of this individual will be made by a Customs officer this morning. Tho pleasures of hope in regard to a share of the amount sot apart by the Go vernment to assist municipalities are be ing largely indulged in by various sliire councils, and at- its meeting yesterday the Meredith council proved to be no ex ception to the general rule in this re spect. At the request of the council, the secretary had a list prepared of bridges that the money could be expended on, ( and tho council just stopped short- of tho principle of counting their chickcns be fore they were batched in apportioning the amount expected to be received over various works before there is any cer tainty of getting any money at all. There was a humorous prodigality ill the pro posed disposal of the grant, and one coun cillor sagely remarked, "I don't think we'll get anything, but the more we ask for the more we are likely to got, if we got anything at all." "Eventually it was decided to urge the claims of the council for help in the construction and repair of some bridges and the maintenance of the main road to Ballarat, and that a depu tation wait on the Minister of Public "Works in reference to tlie matter. In connection with the envelope col- lection taken up at the various schools in aid of the Queen's Statue and Im- provement Fund, the largest amount from any private school in the district was sent in by Mr. Greenfield's school, which won one of the presentation pic- tures of the unveiling ceremony. The picture was formally presented to the school yesterday by Cr. H. B. Brown, the mayor of Newtown and Cliilwell, who was accompanied by Mr. G. M. Hitch- cock, and Lieut.-Col. Rashleigh. In making the presentation Cr. Brown stat- ed that the statue had been erected in honor of the greatest woman who had ever lived. He hoped whenever they looked at the statue that it would tend to stimulate their loyalty and patriotism. Mr. Hitchcock also addressed the boys, and his remarks were well received. In accepting the picture, Mr. Greenfield expressed thanks to the gentlemen who had attended to carry out the function, and trusted that the erection of the statue would encourage a patriotic feel- ing amongst all in the community. Three cheers were given by the boys for Cr. Brown, and at the instance of Mr. Hitchcock cheers were also given for the master. Mr. Greenfield promised to give the boys a half-holiday during the present week, and the boys received the announcement with hearty applause. A requisition was recently presented to the mayor, asking him to c&nvene; a pub lic mooting for the purpose of arranging for a carnival in aid of the unemployed and their families. The mayor lias ac ceded to the request, and lias fixed the meeting for Tuesday evening next in the town hall. All interested iu art arc invited to at tend tho meeting to be held in the Gor don Technical College this evening to consider tho best means of perpetuating the -memory of tho late Mr. Edmund Sasse, who did so much for tho advance ment of art during his lifetime. The con veners are Messrs. J. AV. Sayer and T. Peters, and tho meeting commences at 8 o'clock. - Lieut.-Col. Henry, tho officer in charge of the Commonwealth cadet forces, visit ed Geelong on Tuesday, and yesterday inspected the Asllby, Flinders and Swan ston-street corps individually. On "Wed nesday a parade of the three corps took place on Flinders' school ground, and the lads, were put through a course of bat talion drill-by tho Colonel, who expressed himself very pleased with the work shown. Lieutenants Sewell and Calder were in charge of their respectivo com panies. The prospects of mining in tho Mere dith district.appear to ho on the upward grade, and much satisfaction was-felt iu mining circles there at the news that the Duke of Wellington mine had' on Tuesday struck payable gold at tho bottom level. Efforts are being made locally to induce the Government to prospect the different leads in the district by boring, and a, petition to advanco this idea is being largely signed, and was backcd up yes terday by-tho sliiro council. . The usual felicitations expressed- at tho last- meeting of tho year were spoken at the luncheon, of the Meredith Sliiro Council yesterday, when-it was hoped that- the three retiring members, Crs. Elliott, Browne and Synot, '.would re appear at the next- meeting. Each of tho retiring members thanked his brother councillors and the secretary-for the'con sideration', etc., that had always been ox tended, and the mutual compliments.that prevailed quite blotted out tho .memory of tho uproarious times of tho recent past, and made it seoni that thoy had always been one of the happiest families possible to imagine. The barque Nellie Troop cleared at the Customs yesterday, for Capetown, and will probably be towed to sea this after noon. She has on board 19,260 bags of wheat shipped by Messrs. J. Darling and Son, and valued at £12,037/5/6. The Danish barque Ingeborg will bb ready for loading at the end of the week. A' light cause list was sot down for hearing before Messrs.; "W. I? Anderson and . G. M. Hibcheook, J's.P., at-the police court yesterday morning. A lium beriof debt cases recoivedattention. In most instances orders were made for tho amounts Qtaimod-with costs, and the re maining cases were struck out,- as settle ments-had boon effected since: the" issue of -tho summonses. 1 A male bibulant, who was not known to the police, was discharged. : . - A heavy fog came up shortly after day light yesterday morning, and enveloped the town and harbor until noon. The steamer Heathford fortunately got out of the bay before the fog settled down, but the bay steamers and smaller craft had to proceed with the utmost caution. The sun only emerged from behind the clouds at intervals during the day, which was one of the coldest of the season. The barque Glenfarg, whlch sailed from Geelong on Maroh 25th for the English Channel with a cargo of 12,406 bags of wheat, shipped by Messrs. F. W. Prell and Co., arrived at her destination on the 30th ult. The passage occupied the fairly long period of 127 days. Five of the season's fleet have arrived at the Channel within the last week. Tho intake of water to tho reservoirs last week from the Ballan channel and tlie surrounding swamps has swelled the total supply to thoextent. of 11,000,000 gallons for the week, the storage at- pro sent amounting to 521,000,000 gallons. The upper reservoir is still full, and the lower basin, which is fast rising, contains only a lew million gallons shorbof its full capacity. The consumption of water dur ing the month of July amounted -to 18,325,000 gallons. The German ship Lika, 1516 tons, which arrived in Melbourne on July 6th from Port Gamble, with a cargo of tim ber, is expected to leave for Geelong in a few days to load grain on behalf of Messrs. J. Darling and Son. The ship Taranaki, now 18 days out from Welling ton to Geelong, has not yet been sighted off the Victorian coast. . _ A conversazione to raise funds for .the Y.W.C.A. was held in the new Masonic Hall, Little Ryrie-street, last evening. There was a good attendance, and an enjoyable programme was provided by tho High Church Choir. Ail address on: the aims of the Association was delivered by Rev. F. AVheen. Tho following an thems and part songs were contributed by the. choir:-"The Radiant,". "Tile Resurrection Morn," "King of Kings, "Excelsior," and ''Three Doughtie Men." Songs were rendered as follow:-"Tho Great Eternal Home," Mr. H. Gibson; "A Dream of Paradise," Miss E. Young; "Tlio Refuge of My Soul," Mr. R. "Wil liams ;. "Sunshino and Rain,". Miss E. Begley; "Dream Faces," Sir. Fawcett; "When tho Quiet Moon is« Beaming,". Mrs. McGillivray. Mr. J. F. MilTar. also sang, and a trio was given by the Misses Begley. During the evening re freshments were partaken of. ? A charge of assaulting Sergeant Cox was preferred against a nian< named Daniel O'Brien at the Geelong }Vest police court yesterday, before Messrs. E. J. F. Sayers and A. P. M'Mi 11 an, J's.P. From the evidence, it appeared that Ser geant Cox, when driving to Geelong with the dead body of tho man found at North Shore, was intercepted by the defendant and two others, who had been out shoot ing. The sergeant spoke a few words to them, and tho defendant, who was ap parently the worse of liquor, rushed: at him without- tho slightest provocation, .and hit l.iim a severe blow on tho side of the face. Sergeant Cox, who fell to the. ground, promptly picked himself up, and closed with his assailant, whom he ar rested after a struggle. Tho .defendant expressed sorrow for tho offence, and in formed the bench that it would not have occurred wero it not for the fact that- ho had imbibed too freely. A fine of 40/- was imposed, with the alternative of 14 days' imprisonment. Ho was allowed 14 days to pay the fine. The ladies' committee in connection with the Queen's statue and Improvement Fund will meet at the Town Hall to-morrow after- noon at 4 o'clock, to receive tenders for the ladies' kiosk. Tlie July output from the Barrnbool- But ler Factory (A. B. M'Dowall, proprietor) was 13 tons. Ton. tons were distributed in half-pound pats between Geelong-, Ballarat and Tasmanian grocers. AH claims aguinst^the estate of the late Marion Sutherland, of Ryrie-street, must' be rendered to A. H. Jones and Co. and M'Phil liniy Bros. Al! claims against the cslate of (lie late Joseph Slone must be rendered to J. L. Price. Cr. D. O'Halloran announces liis intention of seeking ro-electiou for tlie Jloolap Riding of tho Shire of Bellarinc. Nominations for the vacancies in the council closo on Tuesday, the 9tli just. Tenders are invited for the purchase of the judges' box used in connection with tho re cent fire brigades' demonstration. 