Notes ¡foy "Falcon." The Wonk of Conquest. Mr. Alfred Stead, In an admirable ai'ticlo in "The Worlds Work," writes as follows : '''Manchuria, tho garden of China, a ter- ritory as largo as tho Austrian Empire and italy combined, has been absorbed in tho 'relentless Russian' advance to tho un- frozen waters of the Yellow Sea/ To tho seventeen millions or so of itis inhabitants, chiefly immigrants from Shantung, the How tho Laws arc administered in Man- churia-by an equal (Jourt of Russians and Chinese. Russian occupation lins been beneficial. Thu old, brutal oppression and grinding taxution of the Chinese regime have pass- ed away, and besides a decrease of tho latter, the settlers benefit largely from tho increased influx ot money. Wages are very high for North China, and there ls a sense of security which was not known before. This advantageous side of tho Russian oc cupation must be frankly admitted, what- ever thc international or moral aspect muy bo. 1'Yom the point of view of inter- national law, Russia can claim consider- able rights in Munehuriu-rights, that is, that aro recognised in published treaties." The prusen't completeness of tho Russian conquest of Manchuria is hardly realised by the general public. Practically, Russia is "everywhere" there, as may bu gather- ed when it ls said that her customs und i manners uro rivalling tho Chinese, her money becoming part of tho currency, and lier Church establishing herself without so I much us a murmur of disapproval. And swooping as hus been her diplomatic pol- icy, it has not boen more astonishing titan lier industrial. Tho railway is an extra- ordinary alfair, far superior to the Siber- ian linc, which is a toy section in com- parison, and dosigneti without regard to case of completion. Thus, splendid em- bankments aro common, deep cuttings fré- quent, and tho bridges-of which there, aro quito a dozen-aro of tho finest order of urchUocturo possible. Thou tho stations, built at distances of every twenty or Tho Manchurian Railway whoro it swoops down to Port Arthur-tho only part which is open to nu attack from a fleot at sea. thirty miles, are substantiell stone edifices of good design, and command, ns a rule, townships which have been laid out by the Government. The centre of tho lino is at Harbin, which, six years ago, was a raw .Chinese, settlement, but is now a largo town with public gardens, hospitals, and shops. Stupendous as is tho work which is represented by tho crcntioif of a string of such settlements, lt is paled by .Dalny, tho free port of Tnlionwan Hay. Here, whoro swift steamers for Ubina, for Jap- an, and even for Australia, will await thc arrival of the trans-cou'tinental trains to transport tho passengers to their destina- tion, tho Kusslnns havo.erected a splendid city, capable of providing for a population of 100,00(1 people. Hoads havo been mndo, public buildings constructed, and harbour works begun, while there aro complete tramway, electric light anti sewerage sys- tems, . and even parks and theatres, al- though, ns yot, there isn't a single inhab- itant of any character whntover;. During 101)2 no tower than 717 cargo steamers und 1418 Junks arrived nt Dalny, mostly ! In connection with tho building of tho Ono of tlio Ohtnuso "Ouai'ri»" alone; Ibo Manchurian .Hallway, fhero uro thous niiflH of such, all armed ns shown in thu sketch. city, tho trade from which waa distribut- ed, as per vessel, aa follows ¡-1124 Kas- sians, S'il .japanese, 8Í1 Engl Isl). «It) Ohln esu, .113 Norwegian, and 2 .Danish, Aus trlnn, Oormnn, and American vessels. On February 2-1 th. lOOfl, tho first express train arrived nt Dalny, and on tho samo day two fasti steamers of tho Ohlneso Ens tern Hallway Company left for Nognsakl and Shanghai. Shortly the city Is to bo thrown open, or perhaps lt ls opened now, tho Japanese alone being debarred from settlement. 