SUMMONS DIVISION. Witldrawn. William Street, charged with dls obedience of an order for wife mainten ance, appeared, and upon undertaking to pay the arreors, £4 5s, and costs Os, the charge was withdrawn. In the case of F. C. Nickisson, charged with disobeying an order of the Court for child maintenance, defendant appeared, and undertook to pay the arrears, £1 16s, together with costs 9s, and the charge was withdrawn. Prohibited Immigrants. Customs Officer Sydney Frank Rush, ap peared, on behallf of the Minister for Cus toms, against F. R. Ross for permitting a Chinese, one of the crew of the steainmer Reigate, to land. .Mr. J. Windeyer appear ed on behalf of the defendant, andti pleaded guilty. Mr. Itush asked the magistrate to takte into consideration the fact that the man who escaped from he ship had about £20 or £25 coming to him in wages, and to make the fine such that captiulns of vessels would take more stringent pre cautions to prevent the recurrence of this sort of thing. The magistrato inflicted' a fine of f10, together with is costs, in de fodult one month's imprisonment. A. Walker, master of the steamer African Monarch, was proceeded against on a similar charge, and was lined £10, with 6s costs, In default one month's im prisonment. To Vary an -Order. William Street proceeded against his wife Emily Street, for reduction of on' order of maintenance of 170 a weekc. Ir. T. D. O'Sullivan appeared for appellant, and Mr. W. A. Reld for respondent. Ap pellant alleged that the order was too much for him to pay, that respondent could support herself. He also alleged improper conduct against her. Witness stated that he was at present getting 6a Sd a day, and working nine days a fort night. As against this, respondent denied all allegations of impropriety, and stated that she was unable to support herselt. Witness had a refreshment room, but this scarcely paid in thle winter..Tlhe magis trate dismissed the appeal, with 21s pro fesalonal costs a'gainst appellant. Wife Desertion. Mr. W. A. Reold appeared for Margaret M'Dougall, who proceeded against her husband, William M'Dougall, for desertion. Ali order was made for payment of1l0s a Week. Alleged Assault. Soren Anker Thing, master of the Dan ish barque Gladstone, proceeded against Thorwald Lophmann .Olsen for assault. Mr. T. D. O'Sullivan appeared for com plainant, and Slr. A. If. James for defen dant. The assault took place near tile port of Newcastle, but before the ship had entered thile batbour. 5lr. James took tlio oint tliat EnliUsh courts had no Jurisdliction in coinmon nla. for offencces committed on the high seaS on foreign shipd com'anded by foreig ners, even should they be within the three-mite territorial limit. He furthcr quoted RIoscoe's criminal evidence, to the effect that '"time Legislature might, per haps, with the consent of the' other coun-d tries, assert a crimnial jurisdiction oven the three-miles' limit, but at present the crimina llaw caiuot reach a foreigner 'upon a foreign vessel on the high seas.'" Mr. O'Sulliyan at this stage asked for an; adjournment, in order to enable him ta look up authorltles in reply, and the mag Istrate granted an adjournment until Monday. Inm the Small Debts Court yesterday, it the case. Tomkins v. Maddison, defendant't name was erroneously givLen as lattersonU 