The strength and earnestness of yester day's deputation from the strangled trades greatly surprised Sir William Lyne. The ease made out for tariff amendment was simply overwhelming. The details of the shattered industries were, figuratively, thrown ut the feet of the Minister of Cus toms, and he was asked, on surveying the wreck around him, to say that Parliament owes it as a duty to the country to! sit on and work until it can give relief to the people -whom it has so nearly ruined. No request could possibly be more reasonable. Per what doe3 Parliament exist if it be not for the care and interest of its people? Does anyone doubt the facts? If so, he had better answer the'' figures laid by Mr. Chnrles Atkins, the president of the Vic torian Chamber of Manufactures, before the Minister. The foreign trade advo cate in tlie Press has frequently tried to _ show that the complaints of strangled trades are purely imaginary. Yes terday the Minister had the sufferers before him, and he had to listen to the details of their several complaints. The first speaker told a story which should enlist the full attention of the Prime Minister. Mr. Atkins says that since the Federal Tariff has been at work, this Slate of Victoria alone has lost 52,493 people by emigration more than it has gained by immigration. That is so striking a fact in the population movement that Mr. Deakiu, the author of the new Federal immigration policy, cannot ignore it. The totals ot which Mr. Atkins gave the details are as follow: — . Victorian emigrants from MOT to 190.",. . .. 490,253 Victorian immigrants from 1901 to 11)03 .. 3S3,VS5 Excess of emigraiit3 S2.49S That record is nothing short of a shocking one. It proves beyond all doubt that as things are the State is not one in which working men can get a living. Those 52,000 people who have left Victoria were no doubt former producers amongst us. Most of them were taxpayers, and the State is much poorer for the loss of the thousands who have permanently shaken off our dust from their shoes. When we come to inquire who these men were and what they were doing, a rational answer is forthcoming that accounts for very much. It may he really summed up in a sentence of one of tlie speakers. "The " Yarra-bauk, which was formerly a hive "of industry, is now little more than a "storage place for old machinery." What a picture does that terse expression give of industrial desolation. And all that, as the figures of swollen imports show, is due to the Federal Tariff of 1901. Is it any wonder that thousands of men in this State to-day, and other thousands whose homes have been shattered, have lived to unathematise the Federation which brought these evils upon them? The statesman may be awnre of . compensations and benefits brought in the Federal train which have more than offset the ruin of these trades. But no compensations to the State in the abolition of border duties and the expansion of inter- State trade can ever solace those manu facturers and workmen whose thriving business places have been ruined, . What has been done in the iron foundries of the Yarra-bnnk is now being continued with increased vigor against the agricultural implement makers of the Commonwealth. The great American Harvester Trust first threatened the use of its millions of money to destroy the Australian producers, and is now carrying out its threat, it offers in bold and undisguised terms to make tlie' Australian farmers a present of £50,000 in the first year if they will leave the local producers and take the Trust machines. A little time ago the Trust gave figures to show that it was making a profit of only 5/9 per machine when it sold that machine at £81. Now it is offering the machine at £70. Beyond all denial, it was either making a false statement in the first place, or it is now losing money on every machine it sells at £70. Yet this interloping Trust — bent on getting, by fair means or foul, its grip on all the agricultural implement produc tion of the world, and so becoming a universal monopoly in that business — has the temerity, to appeal to the Australian farmer on the ground of "British fair "play." It is tame, as one of the speakers said, to ring the bell when the house la ou fire. .This is a ease in which the incendiary is- actually caught red-handed in the very net of putting a torch to a great Australian industry, and boasting of his determination to destroy it at any cost. In the Victorian candle industry the tale is almost as disheartening. A great por tion of the candles which Victorian con sumers now burn are made by black men, who work 14 hours a day for a pittance. The figures quoted yesterday, were invin cible: — ' J,b. 1S99. — Victorian imports .. .. 273,000 11)01. — Victorian imports 323,000 11)05. — Victorian imports, 8 months .. .. 1,338,000 When we read figures like these, there are no grounds for surprise that our workers are leaving Victoria. We refuse them work, while we employ tlie black labor of Rangoon. In the trade in springs and axles, nails, saws, bottles, linen collars and children's hoots and shoes, the same story of foreign invasion was told. In the distillery trade it is, of course, an absolute destruction. And what had Sir William Lyne . to say to these representations? Nothing more than expressions of sym pathy, and the cold comfort that Parlia ment will do nothing this session. The people are entitled to turn to their Protec tionist representatives and demand an explanation of why they are apparently in a conspiracy to get Parliament up with all despatch, and do nothing upAi the fiscal question, It is said that the Labor party refuses to touch the work of industrial relief this session. The Labor members in tlie Federal House of Representatives num ber 24.. At least 14, if not 15, are Protec tionists. Why are these men paralysed at the very moment when their services are most required in the cause of depressed industry? If the stories which are current he true, Mr. Watson himself refuses to raise a hand or utter a word that would induce his Protectionist followers to help stricken workmen in this sore crisis. What a commentary is this on the "triumphs of Labor" ! It is generally reported that the 15 Labor Protectionists in tlie House of Representatives have been ordered by their party conference to abstain from giving any further assistance to the Protectionist cause. The statement seems to be incredible. If it he true it reduces the Protectionist members of that party to a position of helpless humiliation. It has been a favorite theme with Labor Protectionists to point out the incon gruity of Labor .members being Free traders. But tlie Labor Free-trader is alto gether an admirable political specimen as compared with the Labor Protectionist who lias submitted to be muzzled by his party on the fiscul question. It might be worth tlie while of tlie unemployed arti sans of Melbourne, who have been deprived of -their living by the tariff, to organise a deputation to the Protectionist Labor leader, Mr. Watson, to learn what he can suggest for their relief. His answer might reveal what a triumph it is for workmen to have in Parliament a Labor party which has no fiscal creed. Tlie promise of- settling working men upon the land according to what is known as the Danish system will not be redeemed by the passing of the Improved Small Hold ings Bill in the form in which its main features have already been indicated to the public. The whole essence of the Danish plan will be missed unless facilities are afforded for allowing men to settle down in the particular places where tliey know .they can obtain casual employment at rural work without competing unduly with other workers. Now, this is exactly the feature of the system for which the Government Bill does not provide. As an experiment on the Danish plan, the Bill, in fact, is like the play of Hamlet with the part of the Prince of Denmark left out. It lias been intimated that tlie method which the Minister of Lands intends to follow is to acquire an estate near Melbourne, and cut it up into blocks. The excuse offered for preferring this plan of going to work is that by keeping tlie settlers all close together it will be possible to study the convenience of the instructoro who are to he einjiloyed in teaching them how to earn a living from tlie soil. Tlie foreman of the settlement will be invested by Clause 17 with somewhat dictatorial powers of directing what is to be cultivated and how, and of keeping the men fully employed. On Hie report of the foreman tlint a proba tionary tenant has wilfully neglected his work, or neglected to take care of stock or implements, the Minister lias summary power to deal with the delinquent. An experiment conducted on these lines will probably resolve itself into a labor colony or something not unlike the Leongatha settlement, which proved such a disastrous failure. , The effect of tlie Danish system is .to scatter the small holdings of working men all over the country. Each intend ing settler is : as far as possible encouraged to find his block, and on his arranging terms with the owner, and obtaining the sanction and co- operation of the local magistrate or assessor, he can secure the assistance of the State in acquir ing it and in obtaining a small advance. In this way the Danish Government reckons to spend about £160,000 each year in placing rural workers in positions where their labor may, be of great value to the farmers, and where tliey will always he able to fill in their slack time on their own holdings to advantage. Each man in selecting the locality of his holding is natu rally guided largely by the result of: his inquiries as to whether the local labor mar ket is already overstocked or not. He aims at being a well settled agricultural worker on the plan advocated . by Mr. Jesse Col- lings in England: when he made his pro posal for giving every rural worker " three " acres and a cow." The Improved Small Holdings Bill. pro ceeds in exactly | the contrary direction. Instead of scattering labor throughout the country, in those places where it may. be most useful to farmers and others, the scheme— unless the present details are largely- modified— will only concentrate it in some locality near toMclbourne, where there will he plenty of facilities for going idto the city and competing, on unfair terms, in the labor market. The small holdings move ments which were initiated nearly a score of years ago in New Zealand and South Australia have been successful only .in so far as they have promoted the scattering of rural labor intothe localities where it was needed. Those blocks or holdings which have been carved out of purchased estates or Crown lands close to the" prin cipal' cities have almost entirely failed "of their objects. Either they hove been taken up as mere suburban land speculations, or else they, have been utilised by artisans as a means of securing houses almost rent free, together with subsidies from the State, which have placed tbem on an enviable footing in the competition with other city workers. The new proposal is actually further away from the principles of the Danish system then the Cloner Settlement Act itself, which makes some sort of pro vision for enabling rural workers to con clude arrangements. -with. land, owners for the acquisition of small portions of land on easy terms. It would be hast for the Government to content itself at present with the clauses of the Bill which have the effect of grafting on to the Closer' Settle ment Act the principle of advances to working men. .This will be much better than to pass a Bill the effect of which will be to encourage further competition in the labor market in particular localities and to render, labor, if anything, still scarcer in the rural localities where it is . urgently needed during special seasons. The term "closer settlement" should not be inter preted to mean settlement closer to the city. On .the contrary, it should imply the encouragement of a cen trifugal tendency, whereby people will leave the neighborhood of the metro polis and . fill up some of the blank spaces left in, the rural districts. The average holding in Victoria is at present 540 acres, wlierea3 in Germany it is about 15 acres, and in Denmark about 50 acres, but steadily becoming smaller from year to year. The Danes adopted compulsory purchase in 1800, and it has trnpsformed them from a race of serfs into a prosperous nation. Yet, while each holding in Vic toria is on the average not far from a mile iu extent, the proportion of the land actually in cultivation is only about one acre in every fifteen. Many farmers say they, would cultivate more extensively if they knew they could secure, at the busy seasons of the year, a fairly constant supply of labor. One of the main objects of the Improved Small Holdings Bill should be to give them, an opportunity, of putting this promise into effect, and at the same time to settle rural laborers on small holdings of their own, where they and their families might lead busy, useful and independent lives. 