MELBOURNE LETTER. (From Our Special Correspondent.) The tangle of politics, and the injury to t(he body politic which is resulting from the evil of superabundant legislative interfer ence are viewed with concern by thought ful citizens. It is possible, however, that during the period of comparative inactivi ty which will shortly follow the proroga tion of Parliament, both Federal and State, the community may seriously set about solv ing this perplexing problem of overgovern ment. It seems abundantly clear, from past experience, that legislators themselves will do nothing to curtail the cost and su perabundance of our governing institutions. But tihere must, sooner or later, be a popu lar upheaval which will shake the system of government as we know it to its very foundations. We hear constant complaint by business men that politics have become nauseous, and that little time is left for the consideration of anything else. More over, the strain is beginning to tell its own tale, .barely half the electors of Australia can be induced to take any active and in telligent interest in the vital problems of the day ; so that, like tlhe Egyptian task masters of old, Federal and State legisla tors contemplate preparing a rod for their backs in the shape of compulsory voting ' schemes. Nor is that all ; for a communi ty whose time and attention are contin uously absorbed in these- directions, and which is more or less kept :n a state of constant poliltical unrest, cannot hope to enjoy those settled conditions which are the chief essentials of national advance ment. Instead of tihe harmony which should obtain between the sovere'gn people and their Parliamentary representatives, the people are actually compelled to form themselves into defensive organisat'ons in order to defeat the mischievous legislative designs of t-Keir servants, the legislators. Had Gull'ver narrated of the LiHputians that their representative popular govern ment was reduced to a farce and mockery such a,s this, he would have more than paralleled any of the other absurdities he ascribed to them. In spite of all our ex ceptional advantages for national expan sion;- complaints of dull times grow more frequent and more intense ; and thought ful men have little hesitation in attributing 'the misfortune to the intolerable evil of , over-government and maladministration. ? But the positron will have to be faced, and every man with a stake in the country must meanwhile bear his share of the irksome burden. If he does not, he may eventually find that his 'stake' is non- existent. Sen ator Trenwith at Ballarat recently offered some sound advice when he urged the people to devote serious attention at once to the great national issues which will have to be decided at the Federal elections next year. The cultivation of a strong and heal thy public opinion is a matter of time and study, and it can never be ensured by mere perfunctory consideration. Nor can . any substantial aid be expected from the host of political mediocrities who at present oc cupy seats in Parliament, and whose aim seems to be rather to retain their seats by specious promises than to guide the forma tion of a sound public opinion. The dis ease of the. body politic is apparent to the people; but they nave mistaken their phy sicians, the legislators. What we most re quire is to rid Parliament of its ineapables, and to substitute men of high principle and recognised intelligence—statesmen rather than politicians— who will rescue the Com monwealth from the deplorable position into which it has sunk. .?*?»?? Most of the arguments for and against Cabinet Government have been discussed in Parliament and tho press, and it rests now with the people themselves to take a more active part in reform. Necessarily, the people will still look to legslators to evolve some method of administration more con sonant with the aspirations of Democracy, and suited to the complex requirements oi ?t'ho present day. The suggestion of a Se lect Committee of Inquiry as to the best method of amendment finds acceptance on all hands; and hence the Federal Primo Minister has wisely determined to give early effect to it. For one thing, such an inquiry will need to embrace, as an import ant and sal:ent feature, the training of the statesman himself. Men enter Parliament too often, nowadays, 'not by reason of any special and pronounced fitness to under take the grave . responsibilities of states P manship. but rather as the advocates of class interests and intent on serving those interests by all kinds of political intrigue which react dangerously upon the well be^ng and advancement of the community as a whole. The 'professional politician,' the garrulous nonentity who holds up our legislative institutions to r'dicule and con tempt, can never be regarded as the real representative of enlightened democracy ; and, beyond question, its ideals will never be realised so long as h's presence in Par liament is tolerated. He sits in Parlia ment to draw h:s salary and gain tempor ary notoriety by obstructing the . conduct of public business in a manner as disgrace ful to himself as it is subversive of the popular will. And in tho result, represen tative government — government, tliat is, of tho people, by and for the people — becomes an expensive failure. It is said, with much truth, that nowadiiyi the race-leaders and pol'tical empire-builders rarely find their ,-. -way into representative assemblif^. The men who could organise a o;rcat national department, or oven organise the nation itself, devote tlioir energies to the building up of world-wide commercial enterprises of their own ; and they decline altogether cto accept a public career wlr'ch would bring them into constant association with the 'professional politician,' whose chief claiin to notice appears to be the indulgence iii. coarse personal invective and a desire to reduce the Legislature to the level of a vulgar political bear-garden. It is hoc a little singular that in an age of specialisa tion such as this, little if any, specialised training has hitherto been provided for le- : gislators beyond the educative influence of men and manner — which may legitimately ' be considered a trifle narrow — to be gauml in a Parliamentary career and t'le earliv stages of executive life. And one of ihe most difficult problems which the democra cy will have to face and solve in the hear future is that of making State service in its highest branches a career for such men in their youth, thus allowing the nation Ho exploit at once and directly then* power of initiation and organisation. In short, it the best trained and most intelligent com : munity is destined to be the surviving type of the present century, then the demand , must be, not only that of. educating the democracy, but also of carefully selecting and training its statesmen in the broad ? principles of statecraft. ? « « « ? The Victorian Chamber of ^Manufactures is under no misapprehension as to the real meaning and extent of the Union Label clauses in the Trade Marks Bill. It points out to the Federal Attorney-General that . the measure is calculated to raise the whole ! issue of union versus non-union labor, with j results which must eventually prove as dis- j astrous in the Commonwealth as they have ? already proved in America. Mr. Isaacs has all along sought to silence hostile criticism i by declaring that, if the Union Label pro visions are ultra vires the Commonwealth Constitution, the Federal High Court will in due time say so. That is a plea which is worthy of Ministers whose perfunctory | consideration of vital national problems has | latterly reflected nothing but d sgrace upon | them. It is, as the manufacturers very i properly point out, 'no part of the duty of j representatives in. Parliament to shrink from meeting a direct issue on the excuse that another tribunal will decide it for them.' It seems, indeed, as though subser vient Ministers will go to any lengths in shirking responsibility, at the dictates of the Labor party and the 'caucus' who do minate the situation. It is urged that, be fore sanctioning the clauses, Parliament should refer them to a select committee for inquiry and report; and the Chamber of Manufacturers has certainly made out a strong case in favor of such a suggestion. Moreover, if that course should be adopted, it undertakes to prove (1) That the pro posal to legalise the label is contrary, to sound policy, and opposed to the interests of the workers and the community; (2) That the principles underlying the union label have been condemned by the highest legal authorities, and are, in fact, unlaw ful and actionable at the instance of the parties aggrieved thereby ; (3) That the Go- ! vernment proposals are absurd in them- ' selves; and (4) That the 'Commonwealth, Trade Mark' is of no value to anybody. Ministers profess to be deaf to the possi bilities of serious injury to trade and in dustry which would result from the at tempted legislation of the union label. But suppose we take a single illustration of its possible operation, recently instanced by the Employers' Federation; Take our j great export in wool. The shearers com- : posing the wealthy and domineering Austra- i lian Workers' Union (have for years striven \ to bring the pastpralists to their knees—! and failed. But once the union label is ; law, the squatters must fall an easy victim, j All the shearers need to do is to pass the ; word to the seaside workers- — an exception- j ally well organised body — and not a bale of wool which does not bear the Un:on Label will leave Australia. The same treatment will be extended to our perishable products trade should the attempt to unionise the ; farm laborers succeed. In short, the Union 1 Label has been designed by the Labor-So- ! cial:s't minority as the most powerful poll- ! t'cal weapon yet devised for dominating tho ; entire community. Ministers are not un- ! aware of that fact. Mr. Deakin at Bal- ; larat, in August last year, vigorously de- ; nounced this unscrupulous attempt to ' tyrann:se the majority throughout tho Commonwealth. But the whirligig of poli tics brings strange changes; and to-day he tamely acquiesces in the perpetuation of this identical tyranny. -t ? ? ? e Labor members are heard declaring — wo imagine with tongue in cheek — that the attempt to block the Union Label clau.sos are a direct blow at the principle cf trades unionism. But that is not so. Trades un ionism has no doubt much to recommit :1 it so long as it is kept strictly within lopjti mate and reasonable limits. In every pro gressive country, in Australia no lesis than elsewhere, where it has gained a footing it has been developed into a political wachino its results have been highly undesirable, in the interestsof tho community as a whole. There are many workers who, from con.-, scientious motives, refuse to j- in a rnion, and in Australia at tho present moment barely one-seventh of the workers aro un ionists. Why,' then, should a man be driv en to join a union against his will, and t'O penalised for not do:ng so by losing lvs em ployment ? And why should a small mi nority of those employed in a particular in dustry be empowered to absolutely dictate terms to everybody engaged in tho same kind of industry? These aro questions whir-h the Fcdoral Labor-Socialists and the Daakin Ministry have not stopped to an sv/er, or oven cons:der ; and the fact that the -endeavor to dominate the industry of t !jg Commonwealth is an outrage on the in telligence of the community, only seems to lnlve' increased tho determination of the Watson following to effect their mischie vous and unconstitutional designs regard less of consequences. All history and ex perience are diametrically opposed to the pretensions of militant trades unionism which seeks to subvert the general good in order to further its own particular ends. 'One feature of the Wages Boards in Vic toria.' says the Chamber of Manufacturers, 'with which all manufacturers aro in ac cord, is the fact that, in the regulation of industries under special boards, 'no distinc tion is made between union and non-union workers. Both classes have equal rights and equal conditions before the law.' But the Government proposals, if they were permitted, would provoke endless quarrels between manufacturers and employers on the one hand, and Trades Unions on the other. Capital and Labor would be driven into two contending camps, in a condition of perpetual hostility. If, by this means, the misguided Labor-Socialists resolve to precipitate and perpetuate industrial strife, it is manifest that capital will continue to be withdrawn from our industries, while the workers must either go elsewhere, or remain to starve and thank their Labor 'friends' for the 'benefkral legislation'' which has a-obbed them of the means of earnmg their daily bread. Australians are justly indignant with those who persistently villify their native land by baseless slanders in the London gutter press. But here, in our Federal Parliament, we have legislators attempting to injure our character and cre dit much more seriously and flagrantly by extreme legislative absurdities which hold up our country to the ridicule and contempt of the outside world. o « * o a Whatever be the result of General Booth's immigration proposals — and they seem to have fizzled out for the present at least — they have had the effect of rivett ing public attention upon the land ques tion. We have for some time past been coming to the op'nion that a well thought out scheme of land settlement and intense cultivation, such as the Bent Ministry is seeking1 to effect, will rid us of most of our economic troubles. And, as a necessary corollary, it will check the rash and mis chievous designs of the Socialist extrem ists. Mr Tom Mann, who now claims thab he is '/no longer on his own,' but has 'an organising committee behind him,' has started a fresh campaign in Victoria for securing the land and nationalising it on purely communistic lines. AH the old fami liar, thread-bare doctrines of 'compensa tion' — or, in plain parlance, 'confisca- tion' — are dished up anew ; and the people are invited to secure possession of every acre of ground in the State. Thereafter, we gather, a communistic settlement would be tried, with results as pitiable as those which overtook the fifty communis tic experiments made during the last cen tury. But if the Bent Ministerial inten tions are- carried out, the idle clamour of the Socialists and' Communists Will be ef fectively srlenoed. 'We shall see a kind of Danish ox French peasantry distributed throughout Victoria ; and every prosperous settler will represent another mail in the coffin of the land-taxer. He would doubt less be told that he would be exempt, but he would never know when his time might come to share with the rest of the land owners the intolerable burden of a land tax. All his interests, in short, would operate to make him a- vigorous opponent of the land tax ; and incidentally they would arouse in him a patriotic desire to exercise his political judgment at the polls. Hitherto his political indifferent 'sm has been a disgrace to himself and a menace to the community, s^nce it has enabled the well organised Labor class minority in the cities and towns to dominate the political situa tion. We begin now to realise the truth of Dr. Victor Clark's statement that 'so soon as the rural producers and landown ers awake to the necessity of political or ganisation, the Labor-Socialist cause in the Commonwealth will be a spent cause.' Looked at broadly, it seems as if Victoria, after years of patient waiting, is on a fair way to inaugurate a new era of produc tive expans'on and industrial wealth. And that will be the death-blow to the 'land grabb;ng' policy of the fanciful Socialist extremists. ? * * - » The attempt of the extreme Sabbatari ans in Victor :a to stop the Sunday morn ing trains seems to have finally ended with the' discussion in the Legislative Council. The principle of running trams on Sunday appears hardly to have been seriously ques tioned. Hundreds of churchgoers are car ried by train each Sabbath without any ob ject:on being heard. Thus it seems that the real element of Sabbath desecration is not the need for calling upon some ra'lway men to work on Sundays, but simply the extension of travelling facilities to those who would enjoy the day of rest by the culm enjoyment of rural scenery. But what harm, it may bo asked, does a workingman do, either to himself or to the community, by endeavoring to secure for Irmself, and perhaps also for his wife and family, a breath of fresh air and healthful recrea, t:on on some- mountain side far from the dust and biustle of the city? Certainly, he will not be bulPed into attending divine service; by the deprivation of his Sabbath excursions into the green fields and lanes ; nor will the attempt of tho narrow Sab- j batarians to so deprive lr-m increase the ' very limited -respect wh'ch the working class a': present hold towards them. In a p:ace like Melbourne as ia rule the desire- to live a more natural existence, and occasionally to get -closer to Nature in its grandest as pect, is strongest ' among those who livo the busiest lives. But to tho Pharisaism of the narrow Sabbatarian spirit all such enjoyments aro anathema. Doan Ramsay tells of a Scotch drover of ' the 'un-Jo* guid' type, who boasted that he and his friends had nearly killed a man for ven turing to 'whistle on the Sabbath as if it ' were the middle of the week.' And a si milar illogical motive .seems1 to have prompted the recent meetings of the Coun cil of the Churches in their protests against the Sunday morning trains. At best those protests were an unhappy survival of the gloom which characterised the 17th and 18th century Sabbath, but they find no fa vor with an enlightened democracy which, claims, above all things, the exercise of li berty of conscience. The man who on Sunday feels that he would derive more real spiritual benefit from, communing with Nature in the everlasting hills than by seating himself in a placa of worship in the city, is ent'tled to have' his feelngs rsepected. And he has insisted upon his rights in a prompt and vigorous manner wh;ch should convince even the most un compromising Sabbatarians. l o « * ' e ».,...-? . ' '. Betting, said Mr. Dwyer, P.M., in fin ing the proprietors of. an alleged bogus club in Melbourne last week, is not of it self an offence known to the law ; but when it is carried on in a 'place'' set apart for' the purpose, it is a misdemeanor punishable by fine or imprisonment/ The offenders are dissatisfied with the 'ruling, and have given notice of appeal ; ? hence, for the time being, further comment must remain in abeyance. But, apart ..from that, the old question is once more raised— What is a bet? Can anyone frame a simple defi nition which will fit the word and all that is conveyed by it ? Obviously, . no answer to the conundrum would be complete un less it included such business, transactions as share dealing, insurance or peculative farming in the Mallee. When a. icompany insures a man's premises against fire it, to all intents and purposes, 'makes a bet with him that they will not be burnt down.- If a conflagration occurs and the premises are destroyed it loses. Or again, a man may 'hedge' on the risks of his own life by as suring a sum payable to his wife and bairns after his death. Indeed, the speculative element exists everywhere throughout the whole realm of business. Trade, industry, and commerce are based largely upon chance ; and every merchant who necessar ily and unavoidably takes, the risks' of spe culation is a commercial ' gambler in the strictest and most technical sense. It seems imposible, logically, to draw any hard and fast line between business bets and betting on games. To some men games are the most serious business of life, while to others the most important issues of life and death assume the aspect and incidence of a game. The social philosopher tells us,, of course, that the true essence of: what ever is odious in the practices of the inve terate gambler is the satisfaction he ex periences in making gains through the losses of others. This ia the anti-social element in the gaming instinct; but is it not equally seen every day, in every com munity, in. more glaring form among the keen bargain drivers of the Stock Exchange and the marketplace, and wherever 'mer- chants most do congregate? Of course, / there are those who seek to exercise the . . speculative — and not always honest — trans- actions of the business world as 'trade usages;' while they at the same time em phatically denounce the fraud and dishones ty of the racecourse and the gambling in ferno or bogus club. Legislative interfer ence of a restrictive and punitive nature may be equally needed in both cases; but it is not as yet clear what effective form that legislation should take. The'advo cates of a legalised 'tote' insist that Par liament can never hope to suppress the betting evil by statute. It should rather seek to iregulate it by reasonable methods, in which event they claim that the glaring evils associated with public betting would soon be reduced to a minimum. That is a view which Paarliament may, or may not. - accept ; but it is quire possible that a fur ther effort will shortly be made to pass the Totalisator Bill through the Victorian As sembly. . . * * a « « The State Budget which Mr. Bent deli vered on Tuesday proceeds practically alone; the lines anticipated when the shortage in Federal returns was announced a'wh'le ago. The Treasurer had laid h's plans for a 'substantial reduction of taxation;' but - the best laid schemes of men and mice 'gang aft agley.' The State surplus for the financial year is about £530,000, of which £25.000 remains yet to be attribut ed. Mr. Bent is characteristically optimis tic in [reference to the ensuing year ; and with the prospect of another bumper har vest, his optimism may not be disappoint ed. In one respect, the Budget utterance makes an important departure. Ministers are by no means satisfied witli the Closer' Settlement Act, diorn as it is of its compul sory purchase clauses. It is true, the statute contains a linv'ted power of enforc ing sale by landholders; but it is claimed that the power is so hedged with restric tions as to be practically unworkable. If an amending Bill should be proposed, however, it is scarcely likely to be passed during the present session; though, dur ing the recess, legislators w.'ll probab'y find it des'rabl-a to more attentively study the precedent offered by tho New Zealand Closer Settlement legislation. It is en couraging to observe, too, that Victoria's loan conversion of £2.078.000 will be effect ed without serious difficulty. The fear was ' at one time entertained that 'the bondhol ders in London would require redemption, in which -event a new loan would have beon. necessary. But Victorian credit is evident*, ly not so bad as was 'hinted. Bondholders, who are usually advised by their broker or solicitor as to how they should invest their capital, are: content to accepfc Vic ' toria's surplus as a convincing evidence of wise administration and of improving pros pects. For the rest, Mr. Bent has deter mine to allot. a few thpusanda to the muni-! cipalities1 for roads- and bridges; while a sum of £6000 will ' be set aside to_ encour age the breeding of horses. That is an in-i dustry which promises great success if, carefully managed, and judiciously aided! by the State; so that in setting apart ta- comparatively large sum the Treasurer j ' , will secure the entire approval of those who ' favor the expansion, of every form of in dustry. '. -i-_ '' ? 