Mm & fumfcus imti ' rot the tun Ihu lioki Miintcoe, fot Ibt wrong thai nooSn nitauoe, Fat Ihi talon In the (Urtinoo, Ana ho roo* IhM wo «n «o.' TUESDAY. AUGU8T 1. 1906. CLOSING THE BALTIC. The latest move attributed to the Emperor William if, if he can suc ceed ip carrying it into effect, a splendid tbicg for Germany, but it is exceedingly doubtful if Hie MajeBty, with all hie bluster and, at times, genius, will be able to get Denmark, Sweden, and RusBia to join with him in the closing of the Baltic Sea to foreign warships. If this is to be allowed the next will be a combination of France and England that the English Channel shall not be free to other war vessels than their own; of England, Den mark, and Germany that the North Sea is not available except for themselves; a third alliance of France, Spain, Morocco, Italy, Austria, Greece, Turkey, and Egypt would shut up the Mediter ranean; the question is, where would this end ? It is hardly likely that assuming Sweden, Denmark, and RuBsia consent to join the venturesome William that they would be prepared to face the re mainder of the world in order to secure the closing of the Baltic. Germany, in such a case, would have to depend practically on her own navy, as neither the Danish nor the Swedish are of mnch ac count, while RusBia is for the time being helpless. Germany, to force matters to a crisis, would only be laying herself open to a disaster similar to that which has over taken the Russian naval loroe. But what good will the closing of the Baltic Sea be? In time of peace it is of little concern, and in the event of hostilities Germany, Denmark and Sweden will be in no better position than they are to- day. They must still keep up their forti fications. So far as it at present can be seen, the desire to make the Baltic another Dardenelles is due to the overweening vanity of the German Emperor, who is anxious to be able to say, ' This is my sea, and none may come on Hb waters without my sanction.' It would be a good thing for the peace of Europe if the Emperor William joined his fathers, or entered one of the most austere monaetries. While he iB alive and free there can be nothing but unrest, and some day Europe will be an immeoEe battle field through hia arrogance and in discretions. Apparently, he im agines that the remainder of Europe is like a civilian in Germany who is to be out down if he dares oome between the wind and the military. But the other nations are not so abject as the German army in the paBt — it is becoming more spirited, and officers cannot do as they please, as witness the recent punish . ments of officers for illtreatment o f men — and it may arise that the German Confederation will dis sever as quickly as it united, and the fault will be that of the present Emperor. He must put his thumb print on every pie, and the enraged cook will yet give him a clout which will set Europe on fire. Jus^ now the Emperor is busy. He haa the Morocco affair with France, the endeavor to place a HoheDzollern prince on the Norwegian throne, and the ultimate partition of that kingdom with Russia, and now he has the closing of the Baltic Sea. All these are causes of irritation, which may break out into an armed conflict. It was the succes sion to the Spanish Throne which brought about the last war with France, and one of the three gameB the German Emperor is playing may lead to another in which the map of Europe may again be altered. ^^^^^^^^^ The weather yesterday was beautiful at Strahan, but the dredge Agnew was laying at the wharf all day. A led named A. flntton bud two bones of his right hand broken jester day through getting it jammed in bo me machinery. Hntton, who it an employee at this office, had his injuries drested by Dr. Manners, after which he left fcr hii home. In the latest list of police transfers are several conoerniog West Coast officers. Constable Biogham ia trans ferred to Qaeenstown, his place at Zeehan being taken by Constable Matthews from Lannceston. Constable Eyles is to leave Qaeenstown and take up his duties at Lannceston, It may be of interest to intending im migrants to Bonth Africa that no one is allowed to land in Cape Colony unless he has secured employment or passeesos £20 on arrival. Without a permit it is Impossible to enter the Transvaal or Orange River Colony. From the lateat reports all the South African colonies are overinpplitd with tabor. Apparently race suicide has no place in Qnebec, where there is a law in force entitling a parent of twelve living legiti mate children to one hundred ncree of Crown lands. Up to Jnne, 1904, the claims of 3,400 parents to the area named bad been recognised, and in the succeeding few months another one thousand had applied, every month bringing in one or two hundred appli cants. Policemen in Tasmania have cast upon them many duties foreign to their original employment, but we have never heard of them being sent ont to cat tracks. In Canada fluch a duty is im posed on them, a detachment of the Dominion police having, a month or two ago, started cutting a ' trail ' 1,010 milcB long to Dtwson City (the head quarters of the Klondyke gold mining district), starting from the Psaoa River. A journal, ' The Oaloniger,' is pub lished monthly in London, which aims at tbe spread of B-itisb Imperialism, and the affording of informaiion as to the fieldB for colonisation within the Empire. It is admitted that the colo uielng instinct of the Briton will not be restricted to purely British colonies, bat 'Tin Coloniser' holds that it is better that Britons should settle in the Empire, and its aim is to promote that. In the issue forwarded to ns the object is amply fulfilled, and reports from various conn triee are Riven, showing the advantages of tach. The Taimnnian Agent-Qeneral contribntes a short bat excellent article on Tasmania, on advice to a young man jast leaving a pnb'io school, haviog uealtb, strength, and a capital of £600. As Acting Agent-General for Victoria at the time Mr Dobson also dealt with that Btate. Oar former Solicitor-General is pnngent in his remarks as to the neces sity l-ir eettliog to work, and said, 'Loaf- irg about on horseback most of the day, with a pipe in hia mouth, find paying others to do all the work, will very soon spell rain.' Id the 'Red Funnel' the Union Steamehip Company of New Zealand have made a bold bid to produce some thing Anstralaeian which shall equal the highest class of the many English magazines which monthly are dis tributed in the Commonwealth and New Zealand. In the first number (which is jast to hand from Mrs Reid, Hood's Book Arcade), success has been achieved, virwed from wba'.evar aspect— literary, artistic, printing, and bulk. There is nothing to distinguish it from a pnbllca tion lsioed by any firm of publishers, ami i« is not in the smallest way a hand book for the Union Sieamshlp Company, that body haviog its advertisements in the asaal way. In the Editorial notes, which are modestly placed at the end of the number, it is stated 'that it ia pub lished by the Union Steamship Company of New Zealand (Limited) is merely an incident. The company, recognising the necessity of an up-to date popular maga zine in Australasia, undertook the work that others with less enterprise failed to see the necessity for.' There are twenty-five artioles, mostly fiction, but these are all above the aveiage, and will while away An hour or fo pleasantly; but there are serious enacts dealt with, encb as ' Australasian Defence,' by Ad miral Fansbawe; 'Educa'bn in Scot land and New Zealand,' ' The Cradle of the Commonwealth,' with illustrations of some Sydney streets; 'Fiji in 1810,' by the Eev Joseph King: 'Womeu'g Suffrage in New Sooth Wales,' and several poetical pieces. Taking the initial effort as a foretdBte of what Is to come, the ' Bed Funnel' should be come the most Bought after monthly in AnBtralasia, and the Company and Editor are to be congratulated npon thtir venture. [ Tbis evfntng there will be dancing at [ the Academy of Music. 1 Notification as to art distribution ap pears in another oolnmn. Mr W. Crockett, near Zeehan mine, list some good birds and settings of eggs for sale. Mr BtreBder, agent for the Citizen's Life Association, is to be at Mr Pithie'e, Wilson street, up till Monday next. Tenders invited by tbe Tasmanlan Pmeltlng Company for the ereotlon of coal bins close on Satorday next. Dr. Manners will be absent from Z;ehan till noon on Thursday; any nrper.t rapes will be attended to by Dr. Borhwick. Tenders are invited up till Tuesday ncit for tbe enclosing of verandahs with bIbbc end woodwork. The Secretary will be at the Hospital to- morrow morning to point out the work. Announcement iB made that certain firms will from this date close at six o'c'nrk each evcnirg. And at one o'clock on Wednesday. All eight-hour men are r- quested to meke a note of this and shop beiore six. MeBsre. Ellis and Vincent, ' The Den ver Oity,' have jiBt received from the leading nursery of the Commonwealth (W. J. Porvee, Melbourne) supplies of seeds— all the b?Bt varieties in potatoes, peas, and other vegetables, also fhwers 