THE BURRUM ELECTION. LIBUT-OOLONEL RANKIN AT HOWARD. Lieut-Colonel Rrjjkin, who f& contest ing the seat in tJie. Morgan iutoreat, opened hk) campaign at Howard on rriday night last. The Federal HaU was well filled, about two hundred people be in^r piiesent, indud ng a . n-uiiiber-of hj-es. Mr. D- Rfderick, J.P., Cha rinan o: the Howard Shiie Couiic.l, occupied the chair «od briefly ^introduced ihe cand - flute, who hod an excellent reception. Uol-*n-*l JtaiV.i'^1, «-Cio on risaug was gieeted ivith applause, said : — 'Mr. Chfl.niian, Ladie.5 anJ Gcutleinen, ? Befi-in entering upon tbe business fcbat has called us together to-night I feel it iiicwiibanV U/pon me to expiess to you my ckep and siuoere feel ngs of regret at the reason that has led t;- the neoejsity cf entering upon another campaign bo soon. A though differing with _v»ur late mem ber in matters po.it cai 1 can. assure ycu that I fully recognised h's many admir able qualities as a husband, a father, and a man, and I take this opportunity of expre s ng to you and througb you to tlie bereaved members of li o liou.ieliold. my deepest synnpathy in their hour of bitter sorrow. It seems pas, ing strange that after the contest of August Ja t, when foe appeared the veiy embodiment of health and vigour, that within ten c/hort monuis we should be mourning his ltss. Tliere is an old Pereian poet who 6a:d tainie cen turies ago: ' The m:r:ng fing?r writes, and having vr'.t moves on.'1 ond the loss of Mr. Martin is but another illustrat'on of the inscrutable ivays rtf Piovidence. (App!»use.) I am p'oa^ed to see sucli a large gathering of e'.eqtom here to-nii. .., and trust that the resu't cf cur efforts will bo the advanoem:nit of tlie Coininoii Wealth. I make nr- apology for aga n iiwking your tuffiages, not only on ac count of the large and ir.fltentially signei jequsition that has been presented to me, but because I feel that the occasion demands the retuj-n of a local man whose a'ms are your aims, and wlioi.e interests ars ideatical with year o«n. I intend . that uiy remarks Khali be as free from ppisoim lties as ipost b e, but the occasion : honiet:iiies aJ-ises when it is uece-sary that wi- ?l;ould espr.Tss ciur«oVfe-' with no un cM-ta.li s.lund, and I .;: hn't I :i~ rhn p-e ( M'lit occasion is one wnen He shou U ..j.i and weigli in the ba'anoe the poiv-onal ' value to your district of the two men who '? now .veek j'our sutfjases. On t he cue hand ' you have an oibiio!iifc~ strange ':t foreign ii- i j-our diNtrict, unasocated in any nay with j'our industries, and ignorant of y.ar i niwlf, white on flic otlier Jiand you iiavc | one wlio has spent nearly the whole )f ? li - life in your midst, who is close!y iden tified with your vaiious industr*-. and ] who limy fainly c'.aiun to be conrei sant j with your requirements. This, I tliHii,. ] i» a matter which . deserves your ] most serious consideration. (Ar- plause.) Si 'jt.t.l© time hns elapsed hiico I last expressed to you my pol tical viiws. and these' riew.- be ng sti:l una! ten'd I fee! that i( is (iairiJy necessary to . go ovi-r all Uie name gro*. nd a-^ain. ' Eront-, however, hare been in -ving ' rapidly in other cuection^, particularly f in the pol cyi of the section to wlnou my ' opp.nent, Mr. Reid, belctngs, and it is ini- - pi'iative that liic passible remit of these J clixngiv. sliou'd be .seiiouBly considered, anil on til's I w'sh more particularly to i icddiv « you. P«i-j-onal y. my idra cf good i ^ovprnmrnt is that which does the prrat- i p't niiod to the greatest number, and i which while protecting the rigiits of la- ( hour, safeguards the interests of tlio j State n* a whale, gives to everyone an ] equal vo:ce in tlie Government iif the , ciuutry and develops to .the r fullest ex- s tent the national i«souieos of this vast ] cont'nfnt. WJi Je up nions may differ in s mattw-s of detail there are sonic funda- , rwfiital princples wiiicli must be recog- ^ ir'«i';l if such a state of things is to l« hrouglif about. In the recently pu'oli(ih«l , p atfomii -lf the party of which Mr. Reid ! i- a ini'inber, and in w-hich he hall some \ liand n flaming, I submit that tho e ? priuc'plra have been sacrificed. The ? who'e tpnoi- of tliat patform, to which I ' shall refur briefly, i.-! calculated to pull - down rather than build up, to sei o!ass * nga nst cla1*-, to p'ace a banior between ambtiaii and fuifilinont, and to keep all 1 liitii down to a .low level. Tliis, lames ( and gentlemen, re not CJieful y wordrd f rhetoric, it is fhf only so id deduct.cn - that can be made f om the polcy winch i Mr. Reid's party advocates. 1 kuow that , a- a 'matter of pol cy Mr. Reid in his re- j marks to you has wrapped up the effect --i \ the legislation which his paity advocn- j ted — but do not to earned hy any suave ] talking— let us look the matter fair in { the face and nludy its fffect in the Iglit j irf common settle, .i.ud 1 have no doul-t about the result of yrur jjdg- , mint. (Applause.) Standing in t\\\a forefront of Mr. Reid':- policy is Mic'a'.ism. No di^ubt mort cf you have ^ ri'ad tlioFiglitinj ajul O'ene -a' prograuunc nut forth a. the policy of the'so-CTll'd Ln- ' botir party at ttie. CjnyeiitrtTn held 'a«t i month. It sppls socialism pure aurt ' nimple. I -lo not intend to deal with a 1 ' th*' ron'ous Measures therein leferred to, but I do wish to speak of tho?e measures i wli ell more c!o e!y .affect tlie pro-vper ty : of tlie ele-jto ?# in tli s electorate. Tnc ! fir t quwtTon which confronts us is a tax on land values, .'ibis, I confess, is of the greatest iinpQrt-ajice.. I a.sk you gentle-' , mon arc you in a position to stand any further taxation ; the D vis on»l Board tax. which most increase with the abo lit on of the Governinent endowment, '*, I Hiink, a sufficient land tax in it elf. Bit looking at the— iuc'.dehce of such a tax from a ptirey economic point of v'ew 1 think you wjl r.dniit that tt would not be ca'eu'a^ed ti enhanca the va-ua of yaur land, but rather to reduce it, and teeing that the Siate are theme-eves the larg est land o»n-vs I cannct see the wisdom of it. If the fiamers of tna.^ plaifc.rui hid only be n acquainted wi h the diffi cu ties tlsat the faniier Ires to contend with. in the shape of drought-, beetles. locuEts, and other trou ble;, I think they would have lnl'td before propotin»' it. (Atplai3.se) As vou are aware S have myse f besn a fanner for the fast fourteen years, t-o i may fatr.'y oVm to know the disab lities under wlrch you labsu-. Intend c.( im rng any frelh d:fficWties i-n the fanner em in Javoui- of making oi'r laud laws ah liberal as .possib'e, giviog every facility ti tlio^e desious cf acquiring land, a'E Et tlie struggliug selector hy pr;5-iding l.im, if Hecei «ry. with im;iipy at a ]ov rate cf inti'iwbt, --rid adopt a line of policy that would build np a sound and prosperous ipoinaury in our midst. (Applause). In speaking of the ' land laws, ihprp is another c'auso in Mr. Raid's programme, to which I ni li to ca'l at^ent -ji, that is what ap |ii-iiis in the iffical pmgraiuine as cJan.e N'o. n. whioli reads tluK : 'Immediate -t -ppage of forMie-r sales of Crown lands, fixture of tenure — teaiehold on'y Tl.is I regard perhaps as one cf the most da.nninpr c'an^es in tlieir policy. I ask . yon. ladies and gentlemen, whet is tbe great incentive to iiitpiove our proper 'im? Is ft not that we may be ab'.e to liuild up a hugrxpv home *or osr&elres; and make some provision for our wives aud fan-.ilies after ire are go'f — feat wj:o is Koing to do this if the property is to revert to the State. 'Wlio is going to strive co improve oor ho'diug if after tbn labour of years we hav= to walk put and ;ome one else take it over without ^ak in? us any compensation, aid yet fbjs is 'he avowed polir-y of Mr. Reid's parly. 'A.oplause). What I would ? asjc yon hos' attracted to these shores some of ? «w. 'beist «ettJ«B, Eng lish, Irish, Ssotcli, Danish, German, and other nationalities if it was not the desire to secure for themselves a place of tftcir own that they coujd call home. The ii;ea is a laudable one, and should be encouraged, but this the Labour party nays muse not be-1— the Bt.^c must own oh the land, and the man who has tilled, reaped, and sown must pass cut in favour of some strangers. And tins is o:ie fha--e of Socialism. (Applause.) Under the heading of Industrial Reform the Labour Party lay down an eight-hour day, where practicable. Just think for a moment at the effect of such legislation on the farming community. Can you carry on your fai-nis and work your labour only eight hours a day. You know you can not. You yourselves have to wo;k much more than 8 hours a day to make a liviag cut of the soil. Mr. Reid may argue that this clause was not intended to app:y to farm labourers, but you must all re cognise the fact that it is unfair to make such a distinction. It is unfair to__ask a man employed carting cane for 25s. a week to work 10 hours a day while th-3 nian driving a dray at other works, per haps less laborious, is to receive 36s. a week for working 8 hours a day. In the taxation reform ' proposed by tie Labour party, the following occurs: — 'Progres- sive Income Tax, with exemption u,p to' two hundred pounds.' This I think if. . .nost unfair. -Qirestion). Ac cording to this the man receiving £200 would be free from income tax, while th«3 man say with an income of £201 would be taxed on that sum. That is to say, on account of having an income of £1 more than £200 he would have to ,pay a tax ou £201, whereas the man -with an in come of two hundred pounds would go free. (Question and distant.) My own idea of an equitable income tax is this, Make a minimum of £100, which is a fair living wage, and tax those over that sum not ou the total amount of their iueome, but on the amount they receive ovur £100, tli ire a man with a total income of £200 would be taxed on the £100 over the minimum. The who'e trend of their pulicy is, of course, Social ism, the State to own and control every thing, reducing ewsry one to the same level. This I submit you do not want. I ask you miners would you be satisfied if a uniform rate of wages of say 7s. a c'ay wrs nxed as a standard. 1 do not tli. iik you would. You know tliat tins capabilities cf no two men are a ike, and if a man by i:is temperance, by tho in dus'crious naturo rf liis character, is able and willing to do m '-? than another man why should lie not be allowed to get on in tli.. world. The whole st?jret of pro gress lies in individual ambition, and if you put all men on the -same footing you sound tlie death knell to all true progresn. I have not CDine here merely to criticise, but also to show, if possible, how tlie industries of the State may be built up. It is as most of you will admit, an easy matter for any orte to ,puJ down, but it requites au architect to build. In chis connection I would like to point out that one of our most important industries is the sugar industiy, not onjy in the in :pnlive it gives to land settlisiiwit, i-ut ilso on account of the amount of labour it employs in otlier dilutions. Look at Dur ooal mines, our foundries, our saw inii's, our railways, and our shipping. Die sugar industry is one of the mctvt raluable we have in this electorate. What is rhe attitude of the Labour party to n-ards itf Purely antagonistic. Person ally, I think h good deal of this nj-ises From ignorance, but ignorance may bo persisted in until it becomes criminal. Here I iiiay tell you frank!y that I am lot iu favour of black labour, but I con sider that an industry of such great, and [ might say vital importance to the State, should reoeive the greatest consideration, m'J I feel sure that some modification of :he Immigration Restriction Bill will be necessary, and the eoiitinuan'.-e of the bonus for another ten years imperative if the industry is to carry on. fhe sudden change must of necessity take so.ne time to adjust itself, and I think the time mentioned none too long to ?nablc the sugar grower to meet the al tered conditions. Our dairying industry is assuming largo proportion*, and is likely to expand. I think this sliou'rl lie r.icouiageil by more reasonable railway freights and greater facilities in t.he slia,pe Df cold storage to enable the dairy far mer to p'ace his produce on the inm-kpts rf the world. (Applause.) Closely allied to the welfare of the community is the min ing industry, and I would again ur*e the importance of the extension of the Pialba line to 1'iangan, which wou'd serve the two-fold purpose of converting that line into a paying eonoern, besides enabling ns to place our coal in markets oversea. Enormous possibilities lip in tins direc tion, and now that the Government hnvc se--n fit to appoint a noinmercinl agent in *)i» KoHt, I feel, quite oonfident that such nn undertaking would prove pay able from the start, and greatly assist in the expansion of this trade, and advance the value of land ill the Bunum and Pia'iba districts. At present, owing to the limitrd local demand, competition in the ooal trade is very ke?n, and Ipswioh has been making strenuous efforts to cut ns out of uie northern, trade of Queens land. It is only nares^ai-y for me to point out to you that a deputation of Ipswich colliery proprietors. heaJed by Mr. Ryott Mauehan, and other Labour nievnbers, waited on tlin Raflway Commissioner in April last, and asked him to cancel a Toniisrille contract that had be?n let to a Howard coltery to show the danger of | returning another Brisbane man who e I sympathies will no doubt He in tlie Fame . direction. It seems disgraceful that po'i- 1 tical corruption should extend to such | matters as this, and I may tell you that | that is one of, the i-aasons that lias led me to take up this campaign. (Applause.) We have in our midst collieries larger than any in the State, built up by British capita1, giving einp'aympjit to liundrede of men. «nd yet we find Labour m*;n; Apostles of Socialism trying to rob us of our leg't'inate ri'btR. VnnWe to fight i s in open combat they endeavour to obta. n bv intrigue (I enn call it r.othinz else), what cIipv are unable to secure hy fair '.-mum, and this I may fairly offer to you as a pattern of the S^ia'Uts' sense of .honesty and justice. I have em'y one morz word I want to say to you. and that is this. If the finaoc-s of the State are at soeh ft low ebb. if we arc compelled to resort to fresh taxation, lee us try to look at it from a business point of view. ?Int ns begin by cutting down expendi ture. I am satNfiei that we have too mmy members of Parliament, and the cost of bovenuneiit is out of nil propor tion to onr population, espec'af'y in view of Fsderation. I am prepared to sup port any measure to reduee tbe number of members from 72 to 50, and the. salar ies to £900 a year, whfoh I think is qnite adequate for the work they have to do. Any businsss firm run on the lines of this State won!d very shortly go under, and I see no reason why th? affairs of a coun ? rry.sbonld not be run on busraess'ike Upes. We waat better administration, and less* teztsliition, aad tlien I fee! sure fie Sof^ajdstlc cry will dbtap pe*r, and we ttU~ be a. -Jj-p.V and prrreroos country. (ADplatt'e.) In condneibo I have hut to &id; that if returned I shall be a strong supporter of Mr. Morgan, . whose policy I henrtify «eree with, and who I think has 'shown that te Ws the best interests of the State et heart. J nrpe-^n-6lr you ihe importance of electing a local man aeajnst a. Bris- bane man, one «f yourselves against a Btra»ser, and I look witli confidence to the result of your judgment on the 17th. Colouel Bankm resumed his seat Mniist npplau.se. Tile Chairman aiked if any one had any aue.itions to ask, but none were forthcom ing. A vote of thanks to the candidate for his address, and the Chairman for presid ing terminated the proceedings. 