LATEST CABLEGRAMS. BY BBOTEB'S AGENCY.! - ivonaon. oaturdsy. I M. Delafassb, a member of tho French Chamber of | Deputies, advocates an alliance with England, which I would assure absolute victory against Germany. I Germany, he says, is trying to destroy the entente I cordiak betwoen Great Britain and France, so as to I prevent France joining the former in the confliot I which he foresees between Germany and Britain. I The Indian army administration changes made by j the British Government are regarded as a com- j promise, leaning to General Kitohener's views. I General Kitchener declared that unless divided I authority, divided counsels, and divided respond j bilities were abolished, the military administration I would foil to ensure victory in a land war with I Russia. 1 Lord Curzon has asserted that General Kitchener's I proposals would subvert the military control of the I Indian Govcmmont, and make the Commander I in-chief an autocrat. I Canada is embarking on an extensive scheme of I immigration from Europe. I Lieut. -General Sir Neville G. Lytteltcn, Chief of I the General Staff, has sent in his resignation in view | of Ms nominal responsibility for the irregularities I which have caused what is known as the stores j ecandal." London, Sunday afternoon. 1 Zopplin's airaltip has made a successful voyage, I crossing Lake Constance, Switzerland. I Moutero Rioa has formed a Liberal Cabinet in I Spain . I Great Britain aud China have settled the Tibet question. London, Monday. A Royal Commission, with Justice Farewell as Chairman, has been appointed to inquire into the South African contract soandal. Six revolver shots were fired at M. Bulyguine's Secretary, who was mistaken for Bulyguines. The man was unhurt, and the criminals escaped. London, Monday afternoon. The British steamer Ad oon a rammed the Danish j training ship George Stage, off Kaxstriep. The J Goorgo Stago sank in two minutes, drowuing 22 I oadute. 57 wore rcsouod. Two squadrons of dragoons and cuirassiors, who Wiere mauouvring at Valboune Camp, noar Lyons, collided. Two dragoon officers were killed, and 20 j dragoons injured. 20 horses were killed. I Mr. T. A. Coghlan, in a letter to the Economist, deprecates its Molbourno correspondent's pessimism 1 respecting Australian agricultural progress. He states that Agriculture now oooupies first place in tho Commonwealth's rural industries. 