In deter[?]ning to approach the Govern ment with a new to requesting the re sumption of locomotive construction at the Phoenix Foundry, Cr Shoppec is entitled to claim that he is acting m the interests of the general tax- paying public ns well as iii those of Ballarat. The question of State or private con struction of rolling stock has been •.horouglily threshed out in the New South Wales Parliament during tlie past fortnight, and tho fact that! after ex haustive debate the Legislative Assem bly of that State decided by a majority of IP votes to entrust the work of build ing 60 engines to private, enterprise rather than, to State. workshops may be accepted as sufficieilt evidenoe as to the preponderance of. * argument ,-heing against the oppesit e. course which tho Viotonian Government has pursued. The Premier, Mr Camilhers, gave the House tlie benefit of very full investigations which he had ' made, and dwelt- very strongly upon tho - disadvantages of State 'workmanship, pointing out that one of tile greatest of these is the fact “that people never know and never can know what the actual cost is.” He aej knowlodgod that the very manner -in which the State accounts are kept pre cludes the possibility of discovering what the cost will be. “Some people,” ho added, “seem to imagine 'that .in the case of State works tho Government its not under any obligation (o take into consideration those charges which any we|l-oonducited private firm includes m its finana'al statements.” Then; again,, in connection' with every State institu tion, there is the danger of political in terference in one form or another, and that means disorganisation and [inter ference with discipline, and with rates of wages and hours of labor: Things seem to have come.t-o a pretty pass in this respect under the Soe-O’Sullivan- Labor regime in New South .Wales, as illustrated ,by a case mentioned by. Mr Canruthers, in which in the veryG-overn menfc at to which it was proposed by the Labor- party to giye the looomotivo contracts 80 men ceased work -at midday on Empire Hay -without asking the pennission of superior offi cers or Commissioners or r Minister •pr anyone else. ,/. Little wonder that ;the Premier declares that before State work shops nan hope to manufacture in competition with private' firms they must be 'reformed to' an extent) that. '■ would mean revolution., . -Another Important argument adduced by Mt CatTutfacn In favor of assistance to private enter prise rather than State competition with it was one perculiarly applicable to our local circumstances. Mr Oarruthers observed that “there'was the question of agricultural and mining machinery. Wore the State workshops to manufac ture agricultural machinery ?” Mr M'Gowau “No.”- The Premier “Would the State workshops manufac ture mining machinery ?” Mr M'Gowan —“No.” The Premier—“ The manufac ture of railway material should bo the backbone of works producing mining and agricultural machinery. Hear, hear.) That would moan constant operations, steady employment, and cheaper production. In.-other parts of the world great manufacturing concerns rested on the making of railway jno teiial.” As to the question of cost, the New South Wales Premier treated the Newport estimates as worthy only of ridicule, and. in that light tlioy must j he regarded when contrasted with those of the Government workshops near Syd ney. The latter establishment does nob j pay a penny in municipal* or other rates; the cost of the coal used is charged at the price paid for it at the pit's mouth, and nothing is charged for ! hauiling the coal from Newcastlo; no land or income tax is paid by the State" establishment; the workmen employed at it are conveyed at halffaros to and from their work; the workshops are practically exempt from duty on ma terial used; and they are not charged one penny on the capital cost of the land or. buildings. .Yet with all sic§e advantages tlio Evoleigli estimate, of ;the ccst of locomotive construction is nearly £64 per ton, a6 compared with the Newport one of £5O 3s per ton; while the Government and the great | majority of the Assembly in New South. Wales considered that it would he to the distinct advantage of the State in the end to let the work at £7l 13s per ton to a, private firm which will pay rates and taxes and duties and freights and fares, and thus rnako substantial re turns to the State indirectly, as against tho slight difference in the actual cost of tho locomotives, supposing that to ba accurately shown in the Government workshops’ figures adduced for purposes of comparison. But on this point Mr Carruthors is very incredulous. “If the Newport work is done at the price stated,” ha observed, "it is turned out in Victoria more cheaply than any where else in the world”—more cheaply t-lian in G’ennany and America, with coalfields and iron mines at hand, and with lower wages ruling. To show that there must do something ingenious, but not ingenuous, in methods of book keeping to account for this apparent phenomenally cheap production in Vic toria Mr Carruthors referred to the man ner in which the ohargos are made up at Newport, as disclosed by tho report of the Royal Commission, instancing the estimate of only 5 per cent, to cover in terest and depreciation in buildings and plants. “It was a nice revelation,” be added. “No wonder they oould keep tho prices down to zero if they were going to have the work done and use tho material, but charge it on to some one else. There was the open confes sion of the Victorian Railway Commis sioners. which the Victorian political commission stated. That passage from the Victorian report- condemned it from beginning to end. They had only to obliterate from the charges in the manu facture cf locomotives any cost of the machinery, buildings, rolling stock, and charge it against the cost of the rail ways, making tho farmer, tho miner, and trader pay for it by increased freights, and they could get down to Newport estimates. Was there over a more monstrous proposition ?” Mr Thow, the Chief Mechanical En gineer, remains absolutely unaltered in his opinion by the report of the Vic torian Royal Commission, and points out that all sorts of grotesque contrasts can be picked out of estimates and subject ed to the treatment adopted by the Victorian railway officers. The gist of the whole question, as he put it, is this:—“The estimates of tho cost, of engines which were furnished by the New South Wales locomotive officers remain justified by our own past ex perience, »and by the experience of every other Australian manufacturer who lias had anything to do with similar work outside tho Newport workshops; and if we adopt the figures of tho Newport officer's instead of our own it will li.-i.vc. to be done in the face of onr experience' and wliat wo believe to- be common sense.” By 51 votes to 33 the New- South Wales Legislative Assembly en dorsed the view that taking everything into consideration it would be most ad vantageous to the State to entrust the work in question bo private enterprise, that if it word given to a Government 'institution no one could tell where tho cost would end, nor where concessions to employes would cease; that the pri vate calculation of cost was likely to. prove the more reliable, and that the olaims of private enterprise which has invested money..to create employment , in the State are entitled to considera tion, not only in the light of the im mediate return for the money that may he spent,. -hut in regard to, the effect which the outlay may havo upon the upkeep of important industry. And on the same grounds a strong appeal can he made to Mr Bent to redeem his promise to provide work for establish ments y-luck have been for the time (mffetted out of the field of opeu -com petition by. centralising influence, ■ arid on the strength ~0l estimates and reports •which have been simply scouted in New- South Wales, and which, under the circumstances, challenge and demand review in Victoria. The forecast of the weather until 3 p.m. to-day- is as follows—“ Squally, passing showers, chiefly near coast, fine at inter vals, and fine far inland generally; wes terly winds,' strong in Straits;- rather rough sea.” The following were the local records yesterday—Barometer, rising, 23.313 inches; barometer (reduced to sea level and 32 degrees Fahr.), 29.907 inches; maximum day temperature (shade)., 53.9 degrees;, minimum.previous night (shade). 43.0 degrees; -thermometer—maximum sun, 112.7 degrees,- rainfall during pre vious 24 hours, 17. points. - Tho news which tuns made known locally yesterday morning that Constable Stsani ir.el, stationed at Sandringham, had. kill ei has wife and. three!children, and: then (.committed) suicide, created a profound sensation in -Baillarat. Scamniel- was some twelve to fifteen yeans ago stationed at Ballarat - Bast, living in barracks, be ing then, a single man. He afterwards married a lia'llartit young woman, and wss transferred to various country sta tions in the district, his last-charge in this -vicinity r being- -at Celementsfcon, whence he ivaa transferred to Melbourne a couple of yeans ago. ■ Nb reason can at' preee-nt be assigned for the awful deed except that : it was thbught-that Scsmmel may have hrooded over a- reproof lately administered- to him by tho Melbourne city coroner. . Full partioiilars of the. tragedy appear in another column; .Theaftermathof the snow storm‘whs introduced at the City Connoil (meeting yesterday, when-Constable Carey reported that a large crown oi uoys invaded tlie garden blocka in search of Snow, and had done some damage. 1 He asked them to 'desist, but some of them did not do so, and one or two of them were very im pudent. Several-of the councillors were inclined- to look on the matter as a boyish freak, but there were others who con sidered'that the thing haid been' overdone, and he considered that the boys who had given impudence to the constable should be taught a lesson. Ci- Brokenshire moved that the boys whose names had been token should be brought before the finance committee and lectured by the mayor, and told plainly that no impud ence will be tolerated. They should be made to apologise to the constable. There was too little respect for authority, in Ballarat. Cr Shoppee seconded the mo tion. He thought that' the boyß should be shown that they were not to knock the street gardens about, and must try and behave as gentlemen. Cr Hill “We can not compel the lads to come here.’’ - Cr Shoppee, "If they don’t we have our remedy.’’ Cr iPearse thought that see ing that it was 82 years since such a thing uad occurred before and by the time it came again they would be all in the happy hunting grounds. The mayor said that not much damage had been done. He would favor a very strong letter be ing sent to the boys. Cr Brokenshire, “I will read the report.’’ Cr Pearse rose to a point of order. The report had been read before. Cr Brokenshire. “Well, I’m going to read it again, and if you ! don’t want to hear it you can go outside.” j Mayor Wliykes, “I will not have it read again.” Cr Brokenshire, “The report says that damage mats done to the gardens and the mayor says there was no damage. | Which is right?” The'jnayor. "There! was little or no damage.” Cr -Broken- I shire, “Where is your consistency. You' authorise the police to prosecute men who loiter on the streets, and yet you let these 1 boys off.” The matter was put to (ho vote and the voting was equal. Tho mayor, “Well if I could see that there was any means of bringing the boys hero I would vote for it, but-I am afraid the matter would bo turned into a farce.and there is nothing to be gained from it. -I will vote against tlie motion.” It was re solved to thank Constable Carey for his action. . The Prime Minister considers that the handbooks issued by the Canadian Gov ernment to induce immigration to Canada are notable for one- particular omission. Commenting on them, he remarked that none of the pictures shoaaxl any snow, or gave any indication of tho severe winter climate of Canada. He had also seen English' school books glorifying Canada, but while ho was full of admiration for tho enterprise of the Canadians, he did not believe the country was more worthy { of admiration than Australia. The Prime (Minister yesterday received a visit from Mr Arthur. M.L.A., of Now South Wales, who explained the constitution of tlie Immigration (League founded in New South Wales, and expressed the hope that branches would bo established in all the other state*. Cr Shoppee asked at the City Council yesterday that some steps be taken to cele brate the 50th anniversary of the creation of tho City of Ballarat as a municipality. It was an event that should not be al lowed to go unrecognised. The event would fall on the 18th December, which was the day fixed for the unveiling of the Soldiers Statue. There were two of the original members of the City Council still alive—Messrs .T. Oddie and Wm. Tulloch— and they would, no doubt, join lieartiiy in celebrating such an event. Ho moved that the event be celebrated. Cr Barker seconded the motion, which was carried.: and it was further resolved that the ! mayor and Crs Barker. Brokenshire, Poarse and Shoppee, be a committee to report on the most suitable manner -n which to celebrate the jubilee. The com- : mittee will report to the finance commit-' tee meeting to be held in a monh. I The monthly meeting of the Ballarat J Fire Brigade was held last evening. There was a good muster of members, presided over by Captain Traliur. A letter was received from the secretary of the Coun try Fire Brigades’ Board, regarding the unsatisfactory attendances at fires of two members of tho brigade. Captain Trahai stated that the members at fault had mado explanations, and it was resolved that tho explanations be forwarded to tho board. Mr B. J. Cochrane, engineer to the Elec- i trie Supply Company of Victoria, for warded a list of instructions on how to, act in the event of any “live” wire fall- I ing to the ground. It was decided to in- j vite Mr Cochrane to attend tho brigade on an evening to be decided on by him. for the purpose of explaining the risks fire men are likely to run in coming in con tact with electric wires while combating a fire. One proposition for membership was received. The meeting then adjourn ed. In accordance with the ' arrangement made by the Minister of Lands for the use of portions of the Ballarat Common by the Ballarat Golf Club during certain months oi the year, Mr Murray has de cided to charge the club a rental of A2O per annum. Joseph Glauiuore, laborer, of-Huniffray street south, Ballarat East, ycsterilay re ported to Senior Constable M/Phorson that his infant daughter, .Violet, ugod two I weeks und four days, was found dead in bed beside its mother that morning. Senior-Constable M’Pherson at once made enquiries into the matter. Mrs Gladmore i stated that she retired to bed at 8.45 on Sunday night, and the baby was then in good health. Her husband returned home from work shortly after midnight, and when he went to bed she placed t.iia infant between her and her husband to keep it warm. -When she woke up at 6 o’clock she found the baby dead beside \ j}, ol '- >t apparently having been siuothered. Ihe coroner (Mr .AY. Hickson) on being advised, asked Dr Sloes to make a post moriem examination of the bodv, and Mr A t J. Pittard, J.P., has consented to hold a h m ?,P isteria . 1 en< l u iry at tho Town Court ait 10.30 this morning. Recently the Premier received n com munication dram, the Attorney-General, iaimurding a copy of a letter lie'had re ceived from the Tunbridge Wells Coknica lion Society.- This society had asked the Government -what facilities it u*ou.!d give to capable peitons to immigrate to this bKwe far Uho t>ufl*p: fund. Ilie Government was also asked U it was piepared to guarantee that un miffr.uito would secure land if sent out. .‘’ho. matter was considered at the State Uabinet -last night, and it was decided, to forward a reply, stating that the Govern ment wu» prepared to offer ©very facility in choir power to encourage formers, etc!, to immigrate from Great Britain and settle here. It is probable that if the set riel's are eont out by tlie soedetv ar luiiffomenls will be made to temporarily totblo them on small areas until the-v can obtain blocks of land under the Closer settlement Act. _ Authority > was last night given by tho State Cabinet to the Chief Secrotniy to appoint tw© additional inspectors, ‘ one* male and one female, under tlie Neglected Children's Act. Those inspectors will bo apijqmtwL for the purpose of inspecting ufuldraa under the care of private institu tions^licensed by tho Government, and in specting children boarded out by these institutions. ■■ stu t® pab'net has derided to draft a bill embodying the proposal to settle people without capital! oil land under' \vhafc has been termed as the Danish sy&~ tom. The bill will be introduced in Par liament at an eirJy *date. State' Cabinet, at its meeting last | n 'glu, gave further consideration to tlui reccenmendation of the Public Service Commissioner, that Mr Paul A. M’Anulty o>e Into taxing master at the Supremo tourt, be dismissed for insubordination, it has been suggested that, on account of his ill-health, he should be retired in stead of dismissed. The matter was fur ther postponed. The Court of General Sessions will open to-dav, before His Honor Judge Eaglo son. Tlie fol-lowimr cases are listed *for hearing:—William-Henrv Sells, eniliezr.le nient; Arthur Elliott, William Smith, John Cameron, housebreaking; Isabella'- Buchanan forgery and uttering; James Lnnyon, embezzlement; Albert-Gastere tndt. enttle stealing; William Gordon. Edward Hill, aud Henry Baker, assault and robbery. Civil list—Hogere yßogers, an apnea! against a- maintenance order made by the City Court magistrates. TTie County Court will sit at the conclusion of General Sessions, and deal with the fol lowing cases Simpson and another v Bnchniinn: Hai-rison v the Shire of Leigh; Dodds v Thomain and others. At the City Police Court yesterday, the ciise of Margaret M'lntyre, who; proceed ed against her husband for a threatened breach of the peace, was opened, and adjourned. The complainant stated that ( her husband drank heavily, and treated her cruelly. Mr M. Lazarus, who appeared for the defence, applied for on adjournment until -to-day, as he had: an engagement at the .Town Court. The complainant . objected' to the .post ponement, but she was -overruled by the bench, and the adjournment till to-day was. granted. The only other business brought before the presiding magistrates, Messrs Acheson and Falla, J.'sP., consist ed of a couple of undefended debt cases, orders being made in both instances. The general, debate on the budget har ing teen ooacluded in the House of Re presentatives, Ministers are hopeful that good progress will be made this week with some of the measures on the notice i paper. The House will meet at 2.80 p.m. to-uay, and the remaining items on the Works and Buildings BiU may bo dealt ! with before the sitting closes. It is in ! tended! to take the Representation Bill i next, and if Air Reid come* over from Sydney he wilt probably resume the sec ond reading debate. Later in tlio week tlie Commerce Bill will come on. Other measures in different stages on the notice paper relate to Census and Statistics, Wiieles Telegraphy, Manufacturers' En couragement (iron bonus), Papua. (New Guinea), Trade Marks, and Secret Com missions, whilst Ministers have given no tices of motion in regard to the High Commissionenslrip, Mail Contracts* and Queen's Alemorial. The Senate will meet to-moiTaa*. Xf the other Chamber dees not furnish it with some business to go on with, it will probably adjourn for an other week, for the cnly _ Government order of the day on its business slieet ia the Copyright Bill. Both House© of the Stato Parliament will meet this afternoon.' In the Legis lative Assembly Mr Bailee will call tii© attention of the Premier to Jibe fact that | tlie Commissioner of Income Tax i© as sessing twice the dividends otf mining companies, and ask if it is proposed to Like any action to give relief. Af.t’or pre liminary .business lias been disposed of. the debate on the oecoiifi reading of the Alilk Supervision Bill will be resumed by ACr Preaulergast. In the Legislative Council the Water Bill wiLl fco further discussed in committee. The A.J.C. spriug mculdng was con j tinued at Randwick yeetordajr, when the | principal event, the Metropolitan, way t won by the New Zealand ‘'back," Manio j pato, 4 yis, by SbuLt—Lady Fisher, with iVWrroo e-econd, and Famous third. Mauiopoto is the second horse that had been iloiug sensational gallops on ‘the training track, and on the strength of which he was so heavily backed for the Epsom Handicap, run on Saturday, for which he started a hot favorite, but* failed to secure a place; while for yes. terday’s race he was at an outside price. He runs in the name of Mr B. E. Good, and is very* stoutly bred on his dam’s «-ido, as he claims strains of Musket, ’Jhaducer, and Fishonnan, ami a few luonfclis ago was ‘purchased by his present owners for .tl 150. He >s in the Melbourne end New Zealand Cups, and has been heavily backed for each event,-but which ho will try fer remains to bo seen. His weight iu the Melbourne Cup is now in ero. sed to 8.10, or lOib more than lie car ried to victory in the Mebropolifcan. A most remarkable feature of yesteixlay’s r.oJng was the prominent part play «L by New Zealand horses. Competitors from . that colony have always been treated with lespecfc by Victorian and New-Souih Wales racing men, as t.'hey have always proved tlhoinselyes to bo top Hoteliers, but never in blip annals of tike sport have the ALuoi ilanders put up such a record as they did yesterday. Every juce oil the pro gramme was secured by a Now Zealand hop?©, the following being the historic ha:if dozen;—Machine Gun, Iscs.t. ALtnio poto, Sultana, Sun God, and Nightfall. Cr Brokeiiahiro brought undor the no tice of the City Council yesterday the (question of sectional fates on the train t ways, and asked if the company intended to bring the system into farce. 'l’he mayor j stated that there was no agreement with j tho company as to such fares, and Or ! Brokcnahire oansidered that tlie company be asked to inaugurate a system ! of sectional fares, .and moved uc:or j lv. Cr Barker seconded tho motion but ; on its being urged that time should bo j given the company to see on what footing I they were, the ‘matter was adjourned, tho J mayor promising to make enquiries as to j the company's intenticous. The Speaker of the Victorian Legis lative Assembly says that ho agrees with, i Air Reid that it would be "clearly illegal" ; for tho House of Representatives to pass j a standing order enabling business to be j proceeded with in tho alisenco of a ! quorum so long as the Speaker is satis- I iicil that twenty-five members are witli in the precincts. | In tho City Council yesterday Cr Bro ! koushire remarked that he liad boon glad i fco see in "Tho Star" recently an article j m which the practice of "©pec" soiling lon tho Exchange was condemned. it was a practice that should be strongly put down. He would like Cr Brawn, as a'prominent member of the Stock Ex change, to try and get a clause in tho Exchange rules preventing: such a prac tice. Those councillors who know’ the Stuck Exchange smiled broadly at: the suggestion, and Cr Pearse enquired inno cently, “What is spec selling?" Tlie mayor quite as innocently replied. "Sell ing shares that you have not got." which Cl* Pearce enquired. "How could you sell a thing that you haven got?" and tho answer exune back plump, "Go on tho Stock Exchange and see." But Cr Pairs© did not seam anxious to obtain practical experience. Tne Federal Old Age Pensions Com mission will sit at Parliament House to morrow moruing to take further evidence. The hoarding at the National Mutual insurance Company’s now building, at the comer of Sturt and Lydiard streets, h’ss blocked tho way- right for so long teat pedestrians now .look upon it as al most a permanent institution. Some of tho property owners in the vicinity, how ever, regard it as an unmixed evil, ami 'h.iyo from lime to ti-mo complained of its existence. It has been jxuittod out that i owing to the contractor being kept wait ing ior stone for the building much iong -01 ‘ ho expected, lie had been com polled, to keep the hoarding up till a later date than he had intended. The contrac tor 9DIU6 time ago obtained an extension of time aud has now until the 14th Oc tober to remove the hoarding. At tho Federal Parliament House to ; morrow moruing the soloct committee ap pointed to report on the carriage orEng i lish mails, passengers, and cargo, will I liolti its first meeting. i The re-opening celebrations iu connec tion with the Eyre street Methodist Ciuirch woie concluded last night, in tiie presence of a good attendance. The pro ceedings loot, the form of a concert by tho Go’dcn Point Choir, given under the chairmanship of Afayor Whykes. The programme. was prefaced by an address lrom the Rev. F. J. Jennings, who. in a very eulogistic speech, introduced Atayor Whykes to tiie audience, and congratulat ed that gentleman on his elevation to the chief magistracy of the City. Tlie choir rendered tlie choral anthems, God is a Spiiit, Oil, How Amiable, The Gloiw of the Lord, Praise tlie Lord Oh Jerusalem, Litt tip Your Heads; and two part songs, Evening, and Row, Boatman, Row. All ot tkc>'o items wore given in tuneful man ner. and: evoked laud applause from the audience. Air H. Cummings was heard 10\. goal effect in the solo. Heaven’s Mcs i finger, and also, with Ain* Smvtho, Miss Reece, arid Mr T. Watkins, took part in (ho quartette. Ora Pro Nobis. The voices of Mrs Smytho and Mr Watkins blended nicely in the duet, Eventide) the item be- I ing mo-t favorably received. Miss C. Sto -1 v ? a SL artistic manner Tlie Jloui I of''Peace,, while Aliss E. Stevens urns equally successful in Tlie Gift. Two sa vred.songs tb it wore mo-t adiruirnblv .ron dnred , were Nazareth bv Mr M‘Fnrla.nc niul The Holy City, by Mr C. Kv:!d: while Wie soo, Ail-els Guard Thee, by'Miss A!. Punshon. was enthusiastically applauded, an equally favorablo reception greeting Mr IT. Harris, ivbo’so contribution was bet ate Ire on the Deep. Tho musical eee- j tmn of the nrcr.T.\mme ww interspersed ' with a. number of exceedingly well recited elocution' items, rendered bv Hiss E. Peters. A vole of thanks !o the perform ers concluded the proceedings. The draft report of the chairman of the Federal Navigation Commission will be considered by tho Commission on Thursday, at 11 a.m.- An extraordinary piece of luck on tho Tart of .a modes! Ixicker of 110111103 is re ported. in connection with yesterday's Australian Jockey Club races., hold-'at Sydnev. The snort referred to walked into the establishment of a well-known City hoiel-koener and club manager, a.nd staked ss. which he said ws the last he rc6scs?ed until pay-day oame round.' again. The money was put on Mnnfceotn fo- the Metropolitan Handicap, and! bonifa.ee. wili/o isms acting ns commission agent on the races,-booked tho bot. Mnniopofco won, nnd the fortunate hackc- rlnvod a his winnings to saefh good effect on the remaining' events that at the end of tho day ho was <£so better off than when he had started. Cr Slionpee was able to eet the Citv Council right yesterday on a geographical point. The minutes of the Drevious meet ing set forth that it was desired to con nect Hopetoun with "GoyTirn,” the ob ject being to establish a connection be tween Mildura nnd the Western distinct. ■Seeing that "Goynm” is about hventv miles on. the south side of Hnnetoun on the maih lino'the proposed' agitation was somewhat superfluous. What was-really wanted was a connection with "Gorya/'! known also as the 101 Mile Camp, which is ai point on the existing 1 Milduraline. to which it is to extend tne Hopotoun i line. The oonncil corrected its minutes on the point and thanked Cr Shoppee for his geographical hint. Ma* George Farmer, the well-known ham and. bacon carer, of Ballarat Bast, was at the Royal Agricnlfcaral Society's show, held in-Melbourne last week, awarded first and champion prizes few bacon, also fiisfc and champion prizes for hams —a distinction Mir Farmer may well feel proud! of and which speaks well indeed for Ballarat products. AIL the principal bacon curers of the State exhibited at the show, and itihe exhibits of both hams and bacon were more numerous this year than at any previous show. Mr Farmer’s ex hibits wore pronounced ,by all the bacon, curors-'nnd others competent to judge to be the best ever shown there. A short organ i*ecital was given at St. Peter's Cbui'ch an. Sunday evening, after evensong, by Mr Laurence Richardson. The programme consisted of three pieces —‘‘Allegro Assai,” from 4th. Sonata; "Guilmant Andante and! variations.” Allred Plumpton; “Ma.rolie TriompinUe,” Lemmons. Notwithstanding the uncer tain wea thor, there was a large congrega tion, wha seemed to thoroughly enjoy the music. v There will be another recital in October. | The City Council credit balance io, ac -1 cording to the monthly statement pre sented yesterday, now £934 13s 2d, and it lis anticipated that when the financial year closes, at the end of the present month, this will be reduced, to about £2OO. The receipts for the year have bpen increased, by .£2140 4s Gel ‘during the month, being the difference between .£20,937 3s 7d, on the Ist August, and £32,077 Ss Id on the Ist iust. This in crea*? is accounted for by £lOOO eross-en tried on fixed deposits, and .£ll4O receiv ed from various sources. 'Phe creditbal ! ante has been reduced by £ll4O 14s lid • duriug the month. j The miner Evan Howell, who was badly I injured at the Federal Mint mine last j week, is making good progress towards ; recovery, as is Thomas Watson, who fell i down a-shaft at Pennyweight on Sa- tur j day. - i Harry Davies and Cos. notify that J Madame Treadwell will attend at their ■ warehouse on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. - This lady is representing the I American W.B. erect form corset makers. I It is claimed for this make that its lines j are founded on the natural physique. They will improve a bad figure, and accon j tuate the graces of a beautiful form. It j removes the strain of the lacing from the sensitive parts of the and throws I all pressure .upon the-strong hip and back j muscle©, allowing full freedom of the lungs and digestive organs. | The usual meeting of the Ballarat East branch of the A.N.A. will bo held to night. A meeting of the Lord Roberts L.O.L. will be hold at the Federal Hall at 7.30 to-night. The annual social of the Ballarat Rifle Club will be held at tho A.-N.A. Hall to night. On Thursday evening. 2Stli inst., the annua! mooting of the Old Colonists' As sociation will bo held. Nominations for i offices of council to be lodged by Wcd ! nesday, 20th inst. i The trotting pony stallion. The Pouter. | will this season stand at Ballarat, and i travel the surrounding districts. Terms -as advertised elsewhere. The Lcarmonth A.N.A. competitions ! will ’be hold on Thursday and Friday ‘ next. On Thursday evening tho musical ! items will bo adjudicated, and an at i tractive programme is promised. On ! Friday, after the elocutionary items have been decided, a concert and ball will be i hold. j These about to purchase an up-to-date ; phonograph are invited to visit. \\\ ood ; ward’s, 9S Bridge street, where some ex , cellent machines and records run he ol>- i tained at exceptionally low prices, j Mr S. Fisher Johnson. J.ho well-known ; photographer, of Sturt street, who was : fortunate in obtaining a number *o? ex client views of tho recent snow storm. !Is now offering a collection of seven j hoauiOtful scenes, at 2s th© set. As most. . of the pictures were obtained tho • enow had time to melt, those desiring ! some really artistic pictures should ! make earlv application. The sale of gift© in connection with i Pool street Methodist Church opens this 1 evening at 7.30, by Mayor Ritchie. A ; sp’endid assortment of goods at reason* ; able prices. AU articles for cooking com -1 petition to be in by four. Musical pro ; gramme. I The 400th anniversary of the birth of ; John Knox will be celebrated at St. An ; drow's Kirk'’this evening, when a lecture ; dealing with tho prominent features of the life and work of the great Scottish re* : former will bo given by Professor Ren j fioul, M.A., D.D. The musical part or ! the service, consisting of four Psalms. I which will bo sung unaccompanied, to th ft ! old Scottish tunes, will be rendered by | t.ho choir, under the leadership of Mr i Boustead. Admission, free, bv ticket. I Collection for Home Mission Fund of [ General Assembly. j For weak lungs, miners* complaint, coughs, colds, bronchitis, and anv di-ens ' i attended with loss pt flesh. Phnsnhol Emulsion is highly recommended. Sold at all chemists. The Ballarat Scientific and Liter-uv Society meet at the School of Minos this evening. Visitors invited. 