MELBOURNE LETTER. (From Our Special Correspondent.) The wholesale abandonment of vital le- I gislative measures is a striking commentary ' upon the sincerity and efficiency of the Deakin Ministry. 'Thou shalt be king, and \ I shall be viceroy over thee,' says Trinculo j to Stephano; and the expression embodies only* too accurately the relative positions of j 'the Federal Ministry and its masters, the \ Labor party. Less than three weeks ago] the Prime Minister declared the intention of the Government to mitigate the extraor dinary barrenness of the session, bv passing i a number of measures, which he specifical- j ly enumerated ; but apparently he spoke without consulting the wishes of the Labor caucus, and he is now in the humiliating position of having to withdraw and to con tent himself by including most of those j measures in the inevitable 'slaughter of the innocents' which marks the close of each suceeding session. Is it surprising, in the circumstances, that Mr. Deakin's conduct is regarded by resolute thinking men with scarcely veiled contempt, and that Parliament itself has ceased to be an object of respect?. Of course, the old ex cuse of 'three elevens' in the political field is again advanced as a. reason for this deliberate flouting of the people's wish es and the disgraceful neglect of urgent legislation. But that excuse has lost, its fore© ; it is stale with constant repetition, and it has come to be regarded as the mask of downright political dishonesty. Perhaps those are hard terms in which to charac terise the extraordinary conduct of Min isters and members ; but they only express the opinions which are being even- more forcefully; and freely ventilated in influen tial political quarters in Melbourne. On the one hand we find the people of .Aus tralia expressly and unequivocally giving their mandate and specifically pledging their chosen representatives to carry that mandate into effect; and, on the other hand, we are becoming accustomed to the studied and deliberate flouting of the peo ple's wishes by members so soon as they take their seats in Parliament. All this, we are assured, is due to the system of Party Government which 'degrades public life and renders political progress impos sible in the never-ending intrigue for office.' And if any doubt existed as to the truth' of this statement, it would be re moved by the conduct of Ministers and members which marks the close of the pre sent session. It is nothing short of dis graceful ; and when Ministers are charged with 'hypocrisy' and ''make-believe,' the taunt can scarcely be considered unfound ed. - t» « « » a Tariff amendment is manifestly a mat .ter of extreme urgency if many of our crippled industries are to be saved, from ??'--.''? extinction. At Ballarat this week another 120 men, representing a weekly wage sheet of £200, have been thrown out of employ ment owing to the importation of cheap labor foreign products ; while the same tale of failing employment is told in other parts of the State. Foundries which were for merly hives of industry have been closed; the capital lies idle, and the workmen eith er swell the ranks of the workless, or are leaving the country in search of openings for their energy and industry. The facts are on the surface, and they have been re ? peatedly brought to the attention, of Par liament during the sittings of the Tariff Commission. Ministers have promised 'early consideration,' and the Prime Min ister has urged the Commission to furnish an interim or progress report, in order that some urgent amendments might be made before Parliament is prorogued. But no thing has been done. Indeed, no sooner is the chairman of the Tariff Commission made aware that Parliament may find itself un able for 'want of time' to deal with a pro gress report, than he takes upon himself to suspend the further inquiries of that shamefully slow-moving Commission until the beginning of the year. And when pop ular indignation is expressed, a correspon dence ensues between Mr. Deakin and Sir John Quick which exposes fully and finally the startling insincerity of the whole busi ness. The Labor party blocks the 'way ; it has resolved 'not to touch the tariff ?;' and it will neither be led nor driven by the Government. An earnest Parliament, bent on serving the unfortunate workers who have lost their employment, might very well give relief to half a score of the most pressing industries tTus session. Mr. Wat eon negatives any such attempt, and there the matter ends. A contemporary urges that the workless^ workmen should wait upon the Labor leader and demand his im mediate co-operation iff amending the ta riff. Perhaps it would be as well for the workers to indulge in a little serious in trospection during the forthcoming recess, in which event we may depend upon it they will realise the necessity of doing, in due time, with Federal Labor members what they have already done with the State La bor, members in Victoria and Westralia. » ?:;- # * « 'We have at least the qualified promise of tlio Federal Premier that 'if time per mits,' he will unfold to Parliament the Ministry's defence policy. And wo take it,' from one or two hints that have recently fallen from Mr. Deakin, that the question of naval defence will in future receive much greater prominence than hitherto. Experts assure us that in seeking to perfect one military system at the expense of neglect ing a naval defence scheme we have been proceeding 'on altogether wrong lines; and that view is now being borne in upon le gislators as well as upon the people them selves. It is pointed out, too, that while on the one 'hand, we have a Council of Defence which is supposed to advise Minis ters in preparing a general policy, we have not, as yet, any recognised and competent body capable of advising the Government respecting, the naval aspect of the defence problem. It is true, Captain Cresswell, some three or four years ago_, furnished, to Parliament an autlioratiye opinion upon tlie need of naval preparation and the best I means of securing it ; but, for some reason, I the admirable scheme outlined by him has ! never even been seriously considered. Twenty years ago, several eminent naval experts, who were despatched from Eng land to the various dependencies to report and advise, assured us emphatically that Australia's real danger in time of war would arise from the raids of small flying squad rons, and they urged a scheme of coastal and harbor defence which should minimise the risks in this respect. But there the matter began and ended, except for the customary jingoist nonsense which is oc casionally uttered by members on the hust ings, or by speakers at a Nelson centenary. Mr. Deakin declares that he is not alto gether satisfied; and, if any reliance can be placed upon ~!him, it is just possible he may accede to the demand for a. naval poli cy, before the session closes. It is not ne cessary to recapitulate the arguments in favor of an Australian navy— small though .its beginning must necessarily be. They 'have been reiterated ad nauseam, and are familiar to everybody. What Parliament should now find out is whether the most capable naval experts have been deceiving the people of Australia ; and, if not, whe ther the Government is prepared to give prompt and. patriotic attention to their re commendations. * * « * * It is not easy to understand Mr Deakin's position in relation to the proposed amend ments of our Immigration Restriction Act. They are said to have been, designed to pla cate the Opposition, though they are en tirely opposed, to the w:shes of the Labor party and a substantial number of the Ministerialists. They open up afresh the whole controversy respecting a 'White Australia' and the admission of 'contract labour ;' while, if they were accepted in the form now presented to Parliament, they would, it is claimed, merely tend to make confusion worse confounded. Mr. Deakin explains that the amended legis lation will make no change in the principle of the existing statute, but merely a change in verbiage destined to render the statute less offensive to some of the more highly-cultured Eastern races. In other words, the end and aim of the amending measures is to make the verbal structure of the law a little more euphemistic. There is to be a manipulation of phrases in order to disguise without- removing, xne objec tionable clauses of the statute — an apo theosis of make-belie ve_, openly proclaim ed as a means of deception. The least that can be said of this attempt .is that it is in competent hands. As one critic puts it, such a task will always appeal to Mr. Deakin, who is a euphemist in natur© and training. The whole thing seems to savor too strongly of (legislative hypocrisy to find even limited favour either with Parlia ment or the people of Australia ; and it will afford yet another reason for villifiea tion on the part of Australia's unscrupu lous detractors in the mother country. The amended 'contract clauses' are framed, says the Prime Minister, 'to prevent any irruption -of contract labour in connection with an industrial dispute ; beyond that all that is looked for in the contract ia that the same remuneration and terms of em ployment as prevail in the place in which the contract labour is intended to labour are stipulated in the contract.' But these contracts are subject to the approval of the Minister, and in case of bis dissatis faction the unfortunate employer will be mulcted in a penalty of £50, which is to be used 'either to send the immigrant back to his own country or to keep him while risk of rejection will not be accepted by the employer, and still less likely will it be undertaken by the skilled workmen of the mother country in profitable home em ployment ; so that, in the result, the Commonwealth becomes a closer preserve than ever for the Labour party's proteges and the trades unions. That apparently is the Deakin Ministry's interpretation of entire 'freedom of contract.' * « * ?* *- The Bent Government can scarcely be congratulated upon its Improved Small Holdings Bill. It is described as an at tempt to mitigate the evils of the perplex ing unemployed problem by introducing into Victoria tho Danish system of small holdings for agricultural workers. But when its provisions are attentively studied, and compared with the Danish scheme, it is manifest that it has absolutely notning in common with that thoroughly practical and successful European plan. Under the latter the small rural workers are encou raged to leave the neighbourhood of the towns and to fill up the blank spaces in the rural districts ; and while owning their holdings and .receiving Government aid in turning them to the best account, they are enabled to find additional employment dur ing the busy seasons in their immediate neighbourhood. But apparently, tho Vic torian measure will be little better than a labour colony, in close proximity to the metropolis, and will tend to draw from the rural districts the labour which is at pre sent so scarce ? and so badly needed. We have constant complaint from our farmers that they cannot cultivate their large hold ings more oxtensively than at present, ow ing to the exasperating failure of the la bour supply when it is most needed, and could be most remuneratively employed. What we need primarily is to encourage the thrifty and industrious agricultural labourer out oh to the land in the remoter country districts , under such advantageous conditions as shall enable him to make a living for himself, while assisting the larger holders and farmers in extending their agricultural operations. The Minis ter of Lands claims that his measure is only a beginning at a movement which will eventually embrace the question of rural employment. But the community wants no half-measures; while, in any event, the Government seems to have be gun at the wrong end of the movement. The measure will scarcely settle the un employed problem, ^nd it will certainly not satisfy either the agricultural labourers or the farmers in its present misconceived form. i- y- ?» -if B Probably no question not absolutely doctrinal has been the subject of more anxious controversy among the churches than the use of Bazaars for religious or charitable purposes. The mixture of cha rity and commerce will always be an ano maly to the average visitor, ? who cannot reconcile it to the principles of barter that he should be importuned to buy an article which he does not want, and be made, to pay three or four times its actual- value. It is bringing the shop too near to the throne of grace to make the transaction an acceptable one, and coming too perilous ly close to the practice that Polonius re probates, when 'With devotion's visage and pious action we do sugar o'er the devil himself.' The sugar in this in stance is administered on the admission ticket, M'hich gives a chance in a raffle for a gold nugget, or a 'work of art,' or some such prize. But the complaint now made is that these bazaars and art unions are deliberately converted to mere gamb ling ; and the complaint is being voiced, and as strongly refuted, by eminent clerics in the metropolitan press. It is claimed that to wager with strict moderation for mere sport is a totally different thing from that active gambling of greed ; that the participators in art unions and bazaar raffles -are not to be compared with those who bet under the dishonest and diseased craving to win money. Hence it is neces sary to draw a broad and well-defined distinction between the vioious forms and the comparatively innocuous forms of gam bling. The Anglican Pastoral Letter, with out discussing the question of the essential immorality of betting and gambling in all or any of its Hydra-headed forms, takes a wise course wheji it expresses the 'earn- est hope that all who are concerned with bazaars and sales of work will dissociate themselves from the use of raffles, lotter ies, and games of chance, as ministering, however undesirably, to the evil which we seek to abate.' Those who try to arouse the gambling proclivity over art unions and church bazaars should be made to un derstand that modern sentiment, does not approve of the continued use of bad me thods for even the best of ends. a * # * » Christendom has during the past ten days -been stirred to its depths by uie awful series of massacres of peaceable and unoffending Jews in Russia, and active sympathy is being manife^ed m AustralU so elsewhere throughout the civilised world towards the unhappy victims of official atrocity. There is more than an element of suspicion that these fiendish atrocities have been covertly encouraged by the Czar's officials to serve their own ends and save their own persons from revolutionary violence. Nero, after burning Rome, stirred up a persecution of harmless Chris tians in order to divert the fury of the people from his own sacred person. And if the cable reports can be credited the Russian bureaucrats are bettering the in struction of the brutal Roman. The Jews, says M. Menschikoff, writing last year in the 'Monthly Review,' are 'the here ditary curse of Russia,' and 'the victims of their own history;' and he adds 'Rus- sian policy at the present hour seems to have one object in view, that of starting a free emigration of Jews from Russia. Meanwhile, the'two recent massacres of the Jews demonstrate clearly tnat, in face of 'the slackness betrayed by the central pow ers, the people take upon themselves tne solution of the problem. These massacres are but another form of tne 'Lynch' sys tem, which is just as bad with us as it is in America.' It is safe to assume that nobody _ outside Russia will accept M. Menschikoff's views; and when they find such shocking exemplification in wholesale butchery and barbarities such as those in' Southern Russia, the nations of the world are under a direct obligation to in terfere in the interests of civilisation and in. the name of humanity. Russia should be excluded from the family of nations, just as Servia is at the- present moment ; an abomination to be shunned and detested by every nation which pro fesses and calls itself Christian. Moan while, something is gained to Humanity by the informal resolutions of condemna tion against the most corrupt and barbar ous government in the whole world. It is difficult to apportion the blame for these latest fiendish atrocities between the bru tal and bloodthirsty Cossacks on the one hand, and the half crazy Czar and his detestable bureaucratic minions on the other, 'I never argue with silly people.' 'Why not?' 'Because whon they don't agree with me I feel sorry for them, and when they do agree I feel sorry for myself.' 'Tom, did you peel the apple that I gave you before you ate it, as I told you to?' 'Yes, ma.' 'That's a good boy. What did you do with the peelP' 'Ate it I' ' 