NEWS OF THE DAY. To-day being celebrated as King's Birth day holiday, "The Age" office will be closed from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., during which orders or advertisements may be left with the caretaker in attendance. All post offices will be closed at noon. Only the first deli very by letter carrier will be effected. Money order business will be transacted from 9.30 a.m. to noon. Mails (except Melbourne suburban) will be received and despatched as usual. Only the first mails in the morning will be sent from the Gene ral Post Office to the suburban offices, and from the suburban offices to tlie General Post Office. Receiving pillars in the suburbs will be cleared in time for tlie first mails from the suburbs, and the night clearance will be made as usual. Telegraph offices will be open from 9 a.m. to noon, and from C to 8 p.m. Offices which usually close at 0 p.m.- will not reopen for the latter hours. To-morrow lwlh Houses of tlie Federal Legislature will meet, and will sit every day until Friday— probably sitting late every night, including Friday. The first business in tlie House of Representatives will be the Trade Marks Bill. There is every prospect of u bitter and acrimonious discussion. The Sugar Bills and the Immigration Bills fol low. The, Senate will have the Commerce Bill before it, and will then take up tlie Appropriation Bill. Senators intend to keep u grip over the Appropriation Bill until the House of Representatives has made fair progress with the bills which originated in the Senate.; Tt is probable the Federal Capital Bill wQl be submitted to Parlia ment this week, and the Prime Minister is likely to take charge of it. It is the intention of the Premier to pro ceed with the second reading or the Im proved Small Holdings Bill in the Legisla tive Assembly to- morrow, instead of with the budget debate, as he previously an nounced. He will ask tlie House to sus pend for tlie remainder of the session the sessional order fixing Wednesday evenings for private members' business. This will give tiie whole of the sitting time to Go vernment business, und will prevent the debate on Mr. Hannah's hill for the repeal of separate representation coming on again. Mr. Bent states that the divisions taken last Wednesday night show that tlie bill cannot be carried.. The' Legislative Council will also meet to-morrow, when Mr. Embliag will call attention to the de fenceless state of Victoria, and ask if the Premier will communicate with the Com monwealth Government on the subject. The second reading oi' the Registratiou of Teachers Bill will be moved by Mr. Sachse, the Opium Prohibition Bill will be further considered in committee, and seve ral bills will be received from tlie As sembly. The motion to be submitted by tlie Pre mier to the Legislative Assembly to take for Government business during tlie re mainder of the session the time set apart for private members' business will, if car ried, kill over 20 bills which are upon tlie notice paper in tlie names of private mem bers. The first of these, which is set down for Wednesday night, is Mr. Maekiimou's Separate Representation Repeal Bill, the second reading of which bus been moved. Tlie other measures and their authors are: — Employment of Women in Wine Shops Bill (Mr. Carlisle), Royalty on Gold from Crown Lands Abolition Bill (Mr. M'Gratli), Conciliation and Arbitration Bill (Mr. Lemmou), Pensioners' Residence Bill (Mr. Watt), Compulsory Weekly Half Holiday Bill (Mr. Scott Bennett), Munici pal Katiug Unimproved Value Bill (.Mr. Holden), Legal Practitioners Reciprocity Act 1903 Amendment Bill (Mr. M'Cut- elieon, from Legislative Council), Agent- General's Office Abolition Bill (Mr. Toutclier), Boilers and Machinery Inspec tion Bill (Mr. Sungster), Trusts and Mono polies Suppression Bill (Mr. Maekinnon), Police Force Law Amendment Bill (Mr. Gaunson), Eight Hours Legalisation Bill (Mr. Solly), Stock and Share Brokers Licensing Bill (Mr. M'Grath), Municipal Elections Adult Suffrage Bill (Mr. Cole- chin), Income Tax Act Amendment Bill (Mr. M'Gregor), Usury Prevention Bill (Mr. Colccliin), Workers' Accidents Com pensation Bill (Mr. Bailes), Credit Foncier System Extension Bill (Mr. Hannah), Fur riers Bill (Mr. Fairhairn), Ancient Lights Declaration Bill (Mr. Fairbairn), Wages Attachment Bill (Mr. Elmsiie), Scaffolding Inspection Bill (Mr. Hannah), Juvenile Smokers Restriction Bill (Mr. Outtrim), Title to Land (Adverse Possession) Bill (Mr. Beazley), Widows and Young Chil dren's Maintenance Bill (Mr. Maekinnon), Unclaimed Funds Bill (Mr. Beazley), Sepa rate Representation Repeal Bill (Mr. Hannah). There is, after all, some prospect that the Tariff Commission may submit progress re ports before Christmas! In "Tlie 'Age" of Saturday the telegraphic correspondence between the Prime Minister and Sir John Quick, chairman of the commission, with reference to the misconstruction put by the latter on a passage in a leading article of "The Age," was carried down to the despatch by Mr. Deakin, on Friday, of the following message to Sir John Quick: — "Regret that I overlooked the sentenoe which you quote when telegraphing you last night. 'Hansard,' page 4228,- giving my statement in full, warranted no such news paper inference -as that upon which, unfor tunately, you. relied. Unless your progress reports are presented in time for considera- tion before Christmas the prospect of any of them being dealt with promptly is of the slenderest." In answer to a question yesterday, the Prime Minister said that on Saturday he received a reply from Sir John Quick. He had not1 the text by him, but the effect Was that Sir John Quick ex pressed regret thut lie had misunderstood the position, and declared thut lie would make every effort to induce the coiumiteion to present progress reports before Christ- uiue. Victoria has apparently been -badly beaten in the contest for the contracts for tlia supply of harness for the Commonwealth forces in four of the States. The Adelaide Advertiser," of 8th November, announces that a number of Adelaide firms has by combined action, through a tender submit ted by Holden and Frost, secured the whole of the contracts for the supply of military harness for Queensland, West ern Australia, South Australia and Tas- mania. One stipulation in the tender was that the whole of the material to be used in the manufacture of the harness must be of Australian production — metal work, ac cessories, attachments, &c.;, &c.; . The "Ad vertiser'' states that "every urticle used in connection with this work is not only of Australian manufacture and production, but is purely South Australian." The present position of the "pooling" negotiations between the directors of tlie Eastern Extension Telegraph Company and the Pacific Cable Board may have to be partially revealed in the Senate to-morrow, when Senator Higgs will ask two questions on the subject, one of which runs: — "Will the Government, withhold its consent from any agreement until Parliament has had an opportunity of considering such agree ment?" Tlie Commonwealth Government does not despair yet of bringing the States into line with respect to a central immigration bureau' in London, in which a Federal staff shall do for the Commonwealth what the Canadian immigration agencies do for tlie Dominion. Though the High Commis sioner Bill has had to be abandoned for this session, the recess will be used to pave the way for the measure by some under standing with the States. Mr. Deakin read the article written by Mr. J. H. M'Ccll, M.P., on the comparisons made be tween Canada and Australia, published in "The Ago" of Saturday, with much inter est, and endorses Mr. M'Coll's regrets that Australia has "no organised provision to place them immigrants if they came." The offering of a clerkship in the British New Guinea service for competition affords an opportunity of drawing attention to tiie extreme danger of insisting, as the Govern ment does, that all white officials in tlie service of Papua shall he unmarried. If travellers' tales are tine, this peculiar re striction is as much responsible for trouble amongst officials and others as anything else. Certain districts are bad for the health of all whites,, but if a married man be competent for a position and his wife be prepared to share his lot no barrier should be set up by the, Government. The criticism passed by Mr. R. Crouch, M.P., on Thursday, in the House of Repre sentatives with regard to the revised scheme of R.A.A. commissions, examinations, re cently gazetted, is regarded by the De partment of Defence as ungenerous and in accurate. While admitting that the secret personal inquisition on candidates had been abolished, Mr. Crouch contended that the rest of the revision, including tlie division of examination subjects into two classes, compulsory and optional, was a sham, be cause such subjects as French, German and logarithms were still embraced in the optional class. The officials point out, however, that Mr. Crouch lias overlooked the fact that whereas very high marks— up to 150 in one case — are possible in the practical military themes, such as the "ranker" candidate would have at his fingers' ends, very low marks— down to a 50 maximum in one subject — are given for the purely literary subjects. Indeed, a "ranker" candidate who would have had no chance at all under the old scheme ad mits that the revised tests are so fair that if he does not pass it will be because he does not deserve it. At u meeting of tlie cadet officers' con ference on Saturday, presided over by Lieutenant-Colonel Henry, it was decided tlmt, in consequence of matriculation exam inations aud school prize distributions, the dates of the cadets' rifle matches at Wil- liamstown must be altered. The new dnles fixed were: — 1. Friday, 8th December, for tlie juniors, using the Erancotte rifle. 2. Saturday, 9th December, for tlie seniors, using Martini-Enfields. At the matches Lieutenunt-C'olonel Henry will be in charge, and Captain T. S. Marshall and Major Whitehead will be the senior range officers. A startling illustration of the rapid growth of tli c Victorian butter export trade is to he found in the fact that the shipments for last -moii'tli were nearly as numerous us those for the whole season a few years back. During October 12 shipments were made to tlie United King dom, carrying a total of 72,236 boxes; while there were 51 shipments, totalling 13,832 boxes, to South Africa, Eastern and inter-State ports. This made n total of 73 shipments for the month. The total arri vals of butter iii Melbourne last month were 29774 tons, as compared with 2954 tons for October, 1904, and 2122 tons for Octo ber, 1903. The records of the various dis tricts for the .month of October for tlie past three years are as follow: — North eastern: October, 1905, 751 tons; October, 1904, 732 tons; October, 1903, 439. tons. Northern: October, 1905, -177 tons; Octo ber, 1904, 392 tons; October, 1903, 174 tons. Gippsland: October, 1905, 778J tons; Octo ber, 1904, 807 tons; October, 1903, 607 tons. West and south-western: October, 1905, SOS tons; October, 1904, 1023 tons; Oclober, 1903, 8f"2 tons. With the object of improving the breed of the poultvy at Dookie College the Coun cil of Agricultural Education lias imported three White Wyandotte fowls, three Silver Wyandottes, three White Leghorns, three Black Minorcus, three Black and three Buff Orpingtons. Tiiey arrived in excellent con dition by the Suevic, und were forwarded by train to the college on Saturday. The council has also imported two Berkshire sows and one Berkshire boar from the stud of the Duchess of Devonshire. During the voyage one of tlie sows littered, and of seven little ones four survived, and arrived in a healthy condition. The pigs are now in Government quarantine, and will be for- wurded to the college during the present week. The members of the Closer Settlement Board returned on Saturday from un in spection of two estates -in the Western dis trict. Owing to the high values placed upon tlie lund it is not likely thut any business will result. The Arundel Estate will be made availuble next month, Strathkcllur and Wyuna will be allotted in January, and Rcstdown in 'February. A statement showing the probable re ceipts and expenditure of the new harbor trust to be formed to carry out the Gee- long improvement scheme has been pre pared for . the Premier by Mr. C. W. Maclean, Engineer of Porta and Harbors. The receipts are estimated at £11,0G6, the following being the principal items: — Wharfage, £6180; quayage (Geelong and Portarlington), £4820; and rents for leases and foreshore licences, at present collected by Lands department, £500. This will leave a balance to he inude up from shipping of £4096. The expenditure is set down as fol lows: — Administration: Commissioners' sal aries, £1000; secretary and clerk, £000; en gineer, £500; harbor master, £300; boat men, £210; extra assistance as required, £250. Improvements: Repairs and addi tions to wharfs, sheds, foreshore and ap proaches, £2000; lighting and cleaning wharfs and approaches, £200; mainten ance of gas and other buoys, £250; main tenance and repairs of seven gas beacons to Hopctoun channel, £250 (to be increased about 20 per cent, each year during the ex tension of the channel for a 27 feet depth) ; dredging Hopctoun chnnncl and approaches to wharfs in connection with the proposed scheme, £10,000; interest on £20,000, bor rowed for tile construction of lmrlior works on tlie scheme for a depth of 27 feet, £800; total, £10,350. Tlie Premier hopes to circu late the Geelong Improvement Hill on Wed nesday. Deputation aTter deputation of unem ployed, headed by Labor leaders, has waited on the Premier from time to time, and Sir- Bent has made it his business to see that authorised works were pushed on us rapidly as possible. The Government also has introduced into Parliament a bill which, if curried, will tend to thin the un employed ranks by placing many of them on the land under tlie Danish system of set tlement. Nearly two months ago the vari ous metropolitan, trades unions und affilia ted branches of the Political Labor League were invited to send delegates to a con ference to devise n practical scheme to pro vide tlie workless with a means of liveli hood. Six sittings of the conference have been held, and still no finality lias been reached. Labor politicians on "grievance day" incessantly condemn the inaction of the Government, but when in conference themselves nothing but wild and illusive schemes are evolved. Saturday's sitting was devoted to a debate on an abstract question. All that was done was to ntfirni that the control of the Legislature by the representatives of labor was necessary to effectively cope with the unemployed pro blem. Instead of easting aside all but practical proposals, the conference spent its time in arguing sucli questions as whe ther Napoleon I. was an aristocrat or whe ther BaUsnce and Higinbct!::'.!" wore democrats from conviction or from fcur of a revolution. One Hociety 1ms already withdrawn from the conference as a pro test against the manner in which tlie un employed question is beinq considered. Al though 100 delegates have been appointed to attend the conference, seldom has more than 30 been present, and on Saturday there was at no time a quorum, although "business" proceeded. Delegates to tlie unemployed conference have evinced a far greater desire to debate all manner, of absurdly impracticable pro posals rather than such a simple and effec tive solution as tlie raising of the tariff, with the consequent extension of employ ment locally. Mr. H. Campbell, who lias taken a prominent part lately in laying be fore the public the decayed condition of the iron trade, on Saturday took a delegate to task for opposing a protectionist motion at a previous sitting. The delegate in ques tion, Mr. II. E. Langridge, who recently de clared that if ho had had more moral cour age he would have long ago thrown up his billet and "cadged" rather than work under existing conditions, had proposed a motion which declared that it was an in sane thing to look to an employer Govern ment for any genuine attempt to cope with the unemployed problem. Another dele gate, fltr. F. C. Woods, asked Mr. Camp- hell whether he would vote for a free trader supported by the Label- party or a protectionist put up ' by the employers. "For the protectionist every time," was the determined reply. Denounced as a traitor by Mr. Woods, Mr. Campbell ad vised the delegate to open liis eyes and perhaps he would see properly. And then, by way of emphasising tlie point, inr. Campbell averred that unless a man was able to get work all the Labor legislation in tlie world would not be worth a snap of the fingers. Mr. Langridge, whose fantastic proposals are not always taken seriously liy the conference generally, declared that he had thrice refrained from being an em ployer, so that lie might remain "a whole- souled, barrackcr to the extent of his 'tin- pot' enpaeity in the Labor and industrial political arena." Other delegates candidly admitted that if they had tlie chance they would become employees. Parliament having come to an end, writes our New Zealund correspondent, the election campaign lius begun in earnest. The Government continues to bid high for votes. In a speech during the past week Mr. Scddon promised a "free breakfast table," by reduction of duties, and also to reduce the duty on tobacco. These pro mises are intended to meet tlie views of the workers, who complain that increase in tlie cost of living has deprived them of the benefit in advances in wages. On Fri day nighrMi'. Seddon and Sir Joseph Ward addressed a crowded meeting at Welling ton, and were given an enthusiastic recep tion. There wus nothing very new in their speeches. Mr. Seddon announced that lie intended to increase the graduated land tax to make up for reductions in food duties. Votes of thanks and confidence , were passed, but hitherto Wellington lias be longed to the Opposition. The Opposi tion leader (Mr. Massey) opened his cam paign ut Pukekohe on Thursday. The drift oE his speech — as ' it is of most of the Opposition speeches —is that New Zealand needs clean und honest government, and relief from the "politieul boss" anil "from incipient Tam- manyisiu." Mr. Massey made a great point of the fact that the Government borrows money for a great variety of purposes, notably commercial experiments, such as the State coal mines, while at the same time the country is in great need of rail ways and roads. lie stated the Oppo sition's policy as— Civil service reform; re form of tlie legislative Council, making that body elective; and reform of lnnd laws, to give every man the right of the, freehold. Every Oppositionist criticises severely the system under which the roads and bridges vote is used for political purposes; but that argument sometimes hits back. The objec tion to the Oppositionists, sometimes yelled out at meetings, is that thc.v get little for their constituents. Both Ministerialists und Oppositionists pander to tiie civil ser vice. Tlie wages list of the State was increased during the closing days of the session to the extent of £100,090 by. in creases to teachers and to railway men. A civil service pensions act is promised. Some time ago tlie council of legal edu cation made rules whereby barristers or solicitors of the United Kingdom could be admitted to practise in Victoria. Tlie rules so made were transmitted to tlie At torney-General, with a request that lie would forward same to the Imperial au thorities and ask that tlie provisions ' of the Colonial Solicitors Act of 1900 (Eng land) be extended to Victorian solicitors. The council lias now received copies of an Imperial Order in Council, made in pur suance of that act, enabling Victorian solicitors to be admitted in the United Kingdom. This privilege will also' enable Victorian solicitors, after being admitted in England, to obtain admission to the legal profession in parts ot tlie Empire from which they have hitherto been ex cluded. The last of the sittings of the High Court for this year will be commenced to-inor- iow. Two matters left over from the pre vious sittiugs appear on the business paper, and eight fresh appeals have been listed for hearing. Existing arrangements provide for their Honors constituting a Full Court in Sydney on 27th inst., so thut there ure only nine days in which to deal with the Melbourne business. At tlie monthly meeting of the council of the Law Institute on Friday evening it was reported thut arrangements had been completed for tiie annual dinner, qn 20th November, at the Vienna Cafe, and that the Premier (Mr. Bent), Mr. Justice a'Beekett, Judge Molesworth, Judge Chom- ley. Judge Johnstone, Judge Eagleson, the Lord Mayor and other leading citizens had accepted tlie council's invitation. The draft report of the proceedings of the council lor the past year was discussed, and ordered to be printed, and oirculated prior to the annual meeting, on 27th inst. At a meeting of the Metropolitan Board to he held to-morrow, the legislative and finance committees will advise the board to join with the City Council in defending an appeal which the authorities of the Work- ingmcn's College propose to make to tlie County Court against the rating of the col lege properties. The board's power of rat ing would be affected if the appeal were up held. The finance committee will rccom-' mend in connection with the conversion of debentures of loan "D," £500,000, at 41 per cent., for those of loan "R," i£500,000,"at 4 . - per cent., that brokerage of ,| per cent, be allowed nil applications made through re cognised slock exclinnges of Australasia. . The live stock brunch 'of the'Metrtmolitan Board commenced business in 1899. I1 or the first year the profit, 'derived solely from sheep) amounted to £1049. The results con tinued to improve, and for tlie year 1902- 1903 tlie total net return was £12,470. Cattle then figured on the balance sheet for the first time, and showed a profit of £090. For the year 1903-1904 sheep returned a prolit of £9008 and cattle a loss of £33. The figures of the financial year ended 30th June last have just been issued, und show that from sheep there was a profit of £8511, und from cuttle a profit of £848. The privilege of obtaining a duty draw- bark is exl ended to manufacturers ill re spect to. coffee when used in articles for the Australian export trade. Formal notice has been gazetted. The following Melbourne entries appear in the latest list of orders made by the Minister of Customs in connection with minor customs offences: — Richard Allen. Son arid Co. and Debenliitm. Debcnlinm and Co., misdescription of goods, penalty £2 10/ each; John Council and Co. Fropnetary Limited, incorrect statement of weight in inter-State entry, pennlty £2 10/. The de partment did not allege intention to de fraud in these eases. The ceremony of laying tlie foundation stone of a new. church now in course of erection at Mcntone wus performed by Archbishop Carl' yesterday afternoon, after the principal service, at which the Rev. M. Carey officiated as celebrant. The build ing is to lie in the Italian Renaissance style, and will cost about £1200.- The oc casional sermon wus preached by the Rev. M. Malicr, O.M. Tlie Archbishop subse quently administered confirmation to about SO children of the pariah. Miss Gussie Junior is providing to-night's froe concert at the Seamen's Institute, l'ort Mel- The annual reunion and stnoke night of the Old Colonists' .Association takes place on Thursduy, 2Jrd inst. The meeting will he held In the Town Hall at noon, and the smoke night in the Athc- mcuni Unper Hall at 7.30 p.m. To.da.v s auction snles comprise the following: — Melbourne Wool nrokcra' Association, at the Wool Exciiange Collins-street, at 3, wool. Small and Edwards, at Mordialloc, at 2.30, building allot ments. 