gastottd jljriaittural. i -: mutt-ox pkouuctiox. It lias frequently been pointed out in these columns that the conditions under vLidi the producing industries are -carried Of: in Kansas are -in uisny respects simi lar ta iiutse prevailing over a Eonsider dble area of Queensland. Because of this the methods of farming which have been found successful in the western btate arc «f nartieular interest in onr settlers. Beef. pork, and poultry production in these countries are pursued on similar lines, and runs: we are not astonished to Icaru that in mutton production similar courses are being followed. In this as in other bran ches of the producing industry, the Ame rican farmer lias rather the start -rf the Australian, but net by much. Farmers in the great republic arc -ae slow to adopt new method-; as they are in our Common jrealth, snd require convincing evidence of the advantages to be gained bv making new departures. Farmers in South Aus tralia have found out Uie benefits to be derived in mixed fanning by keeping a few sheep. In Kevr South Wales, Victoria, and New Zealand, the production of ii:ntton and lamb on smaller areas of land than hitherto is expanding. So it is in Kansas tinder similar conditions. Thirty yeare ago that state was sparsely settled, and large flocks of sheep were kept on the western ranges for their wool alone. \- In rscsnt times the conditions have ??hanged. The ranges have been cut up into smaller farms, the soil is cultivated to grow crops, and sheep are being fat tened for the market. This has been Sound to be a fair, remunerative business, if carried on properly and conservatively. r So the sheep ir.dnstry on limited areas \- is increasing, and the tendency in Ame rica is to do away with largo holdings —or what ire are accustomed to call runs. \- In discussing the subject clear-headed men \- point out the advantages of keeping sheep, and one puts the points in this fashion — 'Sheep properly handled require far ' less outlay. less expense, and less labour, : **and return many per cent more profit 'than any other. class of stock kept on -the farm, and they build up its fcr \- tatty faster than any other system of ' husbandry.' let our farmers ponder on these things. On most of our farms the prodnctioi; of forage crops is increasing. They are necessary to keep up the .milk eunnlies. and for the eonsumntion of sur plus field produce the value of sheep must be realised from experience. Jt is con tended that the man who has lueern and maize on his farm has no occasion to seek feed away from home. Together these form for sheep what is good for all ani mals— a balanced ration. 'One hundred 'days upon s feed of 2tt of alfalfa per ? ' da; per head, and two bushels of corn ' per bandied bead, daily for ninety day?, \- will put 1500 ft to 2«M0 S- gain upon ' 100 good Uirilty wethers, or 3000 Hi to '2500 Ib upon 100 hunks. Yon cannot ** begin to produce the same results with *' the same feed in the same time, and ? - with as little risk with any other dase 'of -stock.' To appreciate the force of these remarks let our farmers compare the price of lucern and maize in Queensland at present with the value of mutton and lamb. They cannot fail to be struck by the small co-4 of mutton production. In last month's i-sue of the 'Queensland 'Agricultural Journal ' lueera hay was re purtua to be filing al iiom il 10s. to ii'2 per -Dn, and cui/i! at from 1«. lid. to 2s. 7d. per bushel : while merino wethers tr-wi-uinl were 21s. !-d, ewes. «.-rossl-.r»d.' lfe. 3d., and lambs IBs. 3d. -Junv --i-ip and think a minute.' says a speaker :ii a farmers/ meeting in Kansas. ?? !f von buy your steer and your lamb *- -it the same cost per pound and sell ' them for the same price per p*juml. your \- inventory is ^omclhiig like (Iiis : 100 SO Mi lanil)^ at 4 cents.. .. £200 „ a lUOOlu it«?l- at 4 ccni- .. -?2U0 Sold ?- 100 7.'iil. lamli- at « cent--.. .. ?4.--0 I(KI fli-vees it if I cdi ? -S10u Total ? **» 5 1230 It. steers jl 0 .-cuts .. $37.-. ' You do not run any mwc risk of los ?? ing a lamb tliau. -,[ lo^U.g a steer, and '? :n one ea-e you io-o oue-lmiidreiHh of 'your invorliiiont in one an-1 iu the after another i- found lo ti-tily dial in JidJisa' no L-eltty- way ol' rcali-rinjr upon crops is to be found than pulling them . into livestock and especially sheep. The last arc, alleged, to have advantages that cattle 'Jand jugs do sot possess. 'Sheep are prolific and raise their young on the most inexpensive feed, Trith the least care. Their Besh costs the least lo -produce, jrad brings more on the market than any other ; be sides it is most healthful food, and the consumption of it is increasing. They t return more and better fertility to en rich the Mil and distribute the -same more evenly tlian any other animal ; and they grow annuallv from six to ten per cent of their normal live weight in wool, whi-h sells, for more than three times as much as the flesh of any animal. Ample evi de»L-e is fortfieoxuing -as to -iSMr *raeee---s which attends the feeding of small nocks of sheep on arable farms. Xo particular hrced of .-sheep -is' memiunral ;- and one authority advises the firmer to take the ba-t of iftc breed for which he has a fancv. When feed is. abundant on mo--t of our arable farms as it is at present, would seem lo be a good time for buying and fattening or for breeding a fen- sheep. Excellent lambs can be produced from Shropshire rams and merino ^ewes. The value of *nis cross has been demonstrated in South Australia, and the increasing demand fcr the Shropshire may be taken as evidence of the utility and popularity of the breed. Small flocks of sheep do net need extr-nsivc grazing areas. They do best in paddocks where sjiecially cultivated crops like rape or unwelcome weeds re quire to l-e consumed. Dingoes and dogs and eagle- hawks arc enemies that might for a time prove troublesome, but means of dealing with them could no doubt be devised. One of the principal obstacles to the kecpirg of sheep on coast country in Queensland lias been the abundance of spear grass. In the -system of keeping sheep in paddocks danger from spear grass will be excluded by cultivation, and keep ing the flocks on clean fields. To immi grants from England such a method of keeping sheep tvould be familiar, and the flocks would, be immediate aids to pros perity, comfort, and independence. Perhaps to some people the fact that Uockhsunr-ton sent away on -Monday four tons of butter for export to London may seem an absurdly small matter to call attention to in this column, tmt the evi dence that small parcel supplies of the rapid growth of the dairy industix in this district and the possibilities it reveals for the immediate future make it by no means an insignificant matter. En 1901 Roek bampton' imported 346 -tons of butter; in 1902, -283 Ions ; in J903, 233 toss ; and in 1904, 147 toss. Kow the current is turned, and instead oX importing we are exporting butter. On Sunday 1$ tons were sent south to Sydney and l{ tons north to Towns\iIIc Yesterday four tons were despatched to Iyondon. All three butter factories were interested in these ship ments. Hessrs. Archer tent to London, Messrs. Conachan to Liondon and Towns viUe, and th? Dairy Company to Sydney. Toe total export was 6J tons, and if the price be taken ftt 9d. per pound, which is a moderate fierce, it runs up to £52o. But it is not in what it is but in what it may grow to that this export means so much not enly to the fanners of the district but to everyone. J*ast year Queensland ex ported 30C0 tans of butter, and this year she is expo-Hed lo export over double that quantity. At ninepmcv a jwund. 3000 t(.ns of 'batter wines to £252.000, so that i this vcar it is rxpeeteU tlic ^Jueraslond. ] butter ex|iortcd wiil run to over lialf a million of inonev. Yet it i- onlr a very few years s-ince the first box of butter was despatched from Queensland. The! proceeds from the butter indu-trv re- 1 main almost entirely ill the slate. The daiiymen art? all resident in tlic districts 1 where tlicir farms sit. aud to them the' great, liuik oi tl« money poe* cUr«.tly. TAie portion (hat passes into (lie luind? of tiie Ituttei* niantilaeturer is small, and as for (he freight to London, at present tliat is £rf. a pound, and U said to be too high, the farmer^ in the south agitating for a late of a lialfj^enny. Butter, too. is ca.-i^r cairied. Tiic four tons sent to Ijondd were desr.au-lici from here 1n Brisbane b* ' rail, but '.lie panel t-cm to Town^illc an-l ! the other parcel sent to Sydney were I f!espau-li?d by steamer, going down by tcu- J -:er to the Ifav. Only !s!.*t week 250 tons : of butter were sent i-y lie s.s. Ara^-itti from Urkbane to Sydney for shipment to l-iondon. There is* ia) obstacle to the «ro«tli of the trade, and tl:ete it cveiy in ducement in thi^ district- For liere we have very cheap land. Ijnd whirh in the »outlleru staler wonlJ lirinpr 12*0 an acre -au be got Tiere for ten shillings. nockiu:niplon i~ well tupplii-d with rail mji im tlii-? industry. We l:avc four lines of railway radiating out from tlic tomi — t':e njutlioni. western. Mount Mor p;.n. .\nA Mil-n Park railwais— o there arc c-xivllent facilities for miiuling in «Mm inr iroin twenty Id thirty niiles arotuij tiie towu. It is an injis-lry thul uica:is «iuiek retams. The farmer sends in bis cream ; uidtUecJuHjue^oesontat-theendoftliE week or the month as mav be agreed npon.1 IjobL month, the shortest in the year, j MessrR. Conaghan distributed £1663 for cream, and, unlike the old -system, not one of the recipients had to leave his farm either to sell his produce, or collect the niuney. It was a frequent remark in tfie drought that Rockhamptcn must try and escape in. some way from earning all its. eggs in one basket. The dairying indus try is one \T!ry lucrative means of -escape. Queensland, it has been pointed out, is the enly state Uiat can export butter all th-; year round, and Mr. Archer has shown that large expmdiUne, it is possible not'on3v Lo keep the dairy cows in milk through tlie ninlcr, but to save them through ihc scveicst dixnjglit ever known. Among the results of the modern methods of manufacturing dairy produce has been the education of the farmer in scientific methods and principles. Agri cultural experts have been instructing as to the character of mOk and cream, and the conditions of these articles which are essential to the production of commer cial butter and clieese. IVhen farmers commenced to take their milk to the dairv factories they thought that all should be paid the same price for milk by measure. They were soon taught, however, that all milk was not of equal value, because there were differences in the amount of butter fat yielded by individual rows. They could sec for tlicmselves thai one cow ga'vc rich thick milk, while another gave a iarger quantity of paor thin milk. The amount of difference could not lie -discovered till the Babcock tester hid been invented. Tbcy-thea learned that one animal might give milk containing live or six per cent of butter-fat, and another milk yielding ouly two aad a-ualf or three per 'cent of butter-fat. They soon learned that not the quantity but the quality constituted its value at the factory. All arc familiar now with the reasons which have caused Uk authorities to coBdemn the sale of milk which does not contain at least three per cent of butxer-iat. The practice of sending milk to the factories has been to a. great extent superseded by the use of tiie home separator. Oeam is noa- sent, and paid for at so much per quart. In some co-operative institutions murmurs arc being heird where this is being done: differences iu the character of cream as well as cf mOk. Accurate observations and -experiments show Uiat cream may contain cr.ly twenty per cent, and as much as sixty pel' cent of butter-fat. There is of cours? a marked 'tiiJTerencc in the value of cream, and it i« impossible to determine this by measure. In order to obtain the same quantity ih bulk cf creams containing twenty, .forty, or sixty per cent of butter-fat various measures would be required. That is out of the question for practical purposes, and so weighing has been combined vith testing for the butter-fat value. Our local fac soncs, we xnuierszana. pay lor tne cream by weight, and then make an allowance for the percentage of tatter-fat in it. Tlic allowance to be made has lieen dearly worked oat and set forth in thp com prehensive table prepared by Mr. M. A. O'GallagUan. {Jorermnent Dairv Expert, Kew South Wales, which is in almost universal use in the southern state. From it we Icaru Uiat where the Babcork test shows twenty per cent of fat. the cor rected percentage should be 20.35 ; and of commercial butier 33.3 per cent. TOiere the Babcock test shows sixty per cent of fat the corrected percentage should be C3.70, and commercial butter 74.3- 'Where large quantities arc supplied to the fac torv the percentjep of fat in the creaan, it will be seen, forms a subject for eon sidcration hy the |iartirs concerned. From Mr. Thomson's report on the egg la jing .?ompeiilion at the Hawkesbury follew \V\v South Wale^. in Februarv. we learn that the weather during the month was very dry. only 0.70 in. of rain luviu; fallen. Many liens were nioultin*:, and the fcliort. month affected liie rcsiilts. The leading iicns were Silver Wyandottes 111 for the month, 1151 for eleven months : V hite Ijeghorns 9.' and 1133: White U-giioms CG and II 16 : ¥.*\\\V. tegborns. 10+ and 1092 -. Black Oi-])inp1on-. 62 and W7S : Hiiitc Orping tons. 74 and 1047. At the clo-c of the tenth month of fhe competition at Dookie College the leading pens were While Tjeg lioms. fl7 .i«d 1177 : Langsban-. 51 audj 1110: White lj»r!iorr.s. so and 1104.1 Minorus. «2 and 110) : -linor«is. !12 and j l-Wr- : Tile Leglioiil-. «7 and 10SP. j Air. - hilly Baker, v ho for the ia-t four] years acted as editor of the 'Journal of the Department -of Agriculture of Wes tern Au-tralia.' i» piling up hi* |«-hii-n in order that he may -o ii)hmi the land iinj endeavour to s-l;lo thrre. it i- to l» Imped l:e v.iU not wholly piv-- up rontriiiiiting to the .lour i:al.~* .\inong llic note- tlii^ iiionili is ore relating to turkey rais ing in the Western state. Sonic excellent Mm! b'nd- lune V:-n Jiroeure.! from Ame ii.il. ::ixl'«ne fanner in lie Ri-raMfon dMricl is re|wi-ti-d t.i have rai-ed 1(ID:I vouni; one-* this M'.i^on. The liirds are allowed to v.v.™ all o^.-. '.-.,- ouimrt. -attA n.-i anywlii'n-. Mr. A. n-~]K-i-is 'wi-ii,.- i-jrc;ullv an-l j.raahalli- ;!U-ut v.iue fcr- ' mentation ; £Ir. Weir, JUCCVJ&, about ~- «0f rearing ; Mr. F. H. Robertson about 'i poultry, Hlustrating drinking fountabu :i' that majr.Ae easily made out of kerosene .K tins ; -phospuatic rtanurej and the mode --, of applying are descrihed by Mr. P. 1_ Faulkner; and notes are fumisbed of the result of operations at the Karroghi Ex perimental Farms.' itlr. Baini writes about . ' the Chapman Farm. Sdeetod articles make - ' up an interestiBg part. '; The extensive works which tiic Mniint -- ^ I-ycll Mining and ltaihvay Company, J-imi- '? *-d. are ercctiiig at Yarraville. Victoria, ^ ' for Hip liunafacture of superphosplutte^ ' .' and other cheqiical manures, are now ap- - ' proavhinc; completion. *nd that company ?* has secured the services of Dr F. J Jlowirtl, viio Mill undertake the work cf distrilHiticn upon the tcnuiiutioc of his engagement as (iot'cmwcnt AgricuIUaal Chemist. r The London butter market i*. iirmer. the adiancc in Victorian and New South Wales choicest being about 2s. per rat. says ihf? ** AlietrsLlviali ^ V«-n- 7«^l4ni1 {.. .,lm*i,t Is. delrer. Danish is unaltered. The quotatioBs compare with those of a year ago as follows : — Maroh .5, Man* 2. 1904\. 1905. Danish .. .. 117/ 110/ Australian. .'. 98/ to 102/ JO0/ to 104/ N. Zealand .- 100/ to 102/ J03/ to lot/. Tor Orotava Las arrived in London during the past week \vitli a toUd of 217J tons, including I-KJ3 txsaa from Melbourne. 5!1J tons from i?yanev. and IJ tons from Ade laide. Next week the India is dne with 734 tons, including 5511 tons from Mel boKme. 1801 tons fron: Sydney, two tons from Adelaide. Dr. Cberry, Dircrfor of .Agriculture. Vic toria, intends to devote a week to a lour - tttrough the ro&iz;&growuig; areas of l^a-s. tern Cippsland. A show to be held at Orltost during tiie week wiil give him no opportunity of meeting manv .farmers in the district. The possibilities' of the uiaizn crop are. in Dr. Cherry's opinion, nuuh greater than even larger growers ha\\-e yet appreciated, and one of the principal ob jects of his visit irill be to induce the farmers to use duukc more extensively us a fodder for cattle and pigs. At present the maize, like other cereal crops, is put vu uie Dunto, wm uic lnrector tn Agn cuUure feds confident tbat this is Bot the way in which the best financial re sults can be attained. The annual report of Ok United Stales Buieau of Aninial. 'ledustrv gives parti culars as to' the number of cai-h Jireed registered in the Herd and Stud Books of that country. Of the American trotU-r. ike nmnber legisterei is 164,000 ; Tci - ciieroKE. 37AUD; -1vdcsdal«-. 113000: Siiires. 7MK ? Hackneys, 3000 ; Shetland poni--s, 5200. - As regards cattle, there ate 557J000 Shorthcrns taitend -- Hereford-. 1T«^2.') : Abcrjera-Anges. 05,955 ; -JaUo- ways. 23.700 : and Ayrshircs. 2S,1U. of [lie uauy orecas, jerse3*s oversnauow all the others combined, Holstein- Friesun being next in order- Of -the sheep, Shrop snbes kuo the list, iolioncd by the Hamp shire Down. 