! AGRIGULTURAL. ! CAPTLitlXC Tl IK 111 TÏKII TUAIii:. Tl IK APVAXl'K OK SIHKISIA. HOW AISTKA1.1A IS AFKKfTKn. Uv 11 EMI Y STEAD. I i'iiiv^s i hi* ti't'tiiiutî millions of Chi nu and il».* Kui* Kast develop a taste for butter .brie seems litt?»* dotilit that the Austral asian ila ¡ry i ni; industry, so far a.s export is concerned, wi;! IK* threaten«'«!. Thu Chi naman hus recently figured .so largely in the world's history that IH> new develop ment would ht* surprising. To tay, how ever, that the future of th» dairying in dustry in Vuslrulasia depends to some ex ' tent up.m tin* retest tul palate developing a rravrng for hatter seems au alisurd as to he incredible. That t his is the case is now becoming pretty uppurent to those who lui ve inquired into the causes of tile great increase of butter imported into (ireat Mntain from Siberia. Cnh-ss the hat ter which will !>.: produced lhere in enor mous quuntUícs during the next few years finds a huge market outside Ku ruf iv und (.rent Itritain, there does not seem lo be any other possible conclusion to arrive at thu ri that, the price of butter will fall very much. Vor will it only be Australasian butter that will bi; affected. Canadian and, what is more astonishing still, Jhinish but ter muy be unable any longer to compete with t tie cheap and good product of thu vast, little known domains of the (írent Whit«* C/nr in Asia. Already-when thu dairying industry there is quite in its In fancy- Denmark imports quant it ¡es of the best Siberian butter, part of which is con sumed lhere, en«] ¡tart stint to Germany and firent Hritain. Ju fart, the Uanes live on Siberian butter, exporting their own to the rest of Kurope. Hut this is anticipating. Tin» fact remains t hat unless this other market is found the Australasian industry is in tia tiger. The only market large enough to divert the production of Siberia is China. The Australian dairyman and exporter ought therefore to bu hoping that the heathen Chineo should acquire a taste foi* butters The actual state of n fin i rs in the Siberian dairying industry is nbly set forth in a hook -Mr. S. Turner has written, giving a record of travel, climbing, and exploration in Siberia. Th«* ligures are remarkable. The Siberian railway uns opened in I HUH. At that t ¡me t hen* wer»* MO dairies in Hiburin, and IS.'Uii'cwt. of butter wie exported. In 10O 1-despite the fact that the war was then raging-the number of i|uiri«\s had limped up to 'JiVAO, and the ex port to tirtl ,H."i7cwi. I Miring the two years which ended with winter of I'JOU Siberia exported more than nil t he ditïerent States which form the Hrh ¡sh Kmpire put toge ther. And *1 uriiivr tin* war this export in creased. N'ow that the war is over it would not be surprising if the export nt least doubled in the next, Ihr«*«' years, as ir has in th«» last three. In lima Iii.H." per cent. or' the hut ter imported into (ireat I ti'i tiiïn ('Mini- from UM,mark. 7. lt» per cent, front ('.tua.Lt. '.l.'JH from New Xcutuiid. 'J.i'U from AHM raba, and no less than llï.'t'J from I i lissi n. of which I he largest propor tion raine from Siberia. The best exporl irvg yeal" from Australia was in 11M.M», when its proportion ros«» to IO.-15 per cent.. New Xenia uni <1.H5 per cent., Denmark l't.í'í) per cent., and Uussia (i.'Jl per cent. The import from Uussia doubled in two years. As large quantities of Siberian bul ler came through ot her channels lli.'ÎU per reid, is certainly an under estimate. These figures ar«» significant enough. Hut tl is fmly when we come lo inquire into the cause of the increase that tin», extraordin ary possibilities of the industry become apparent. Most people think of Siberia as nu ice-bound desert, and of Uussia the most unenlightened country under heaven. I Vet we hud that the Kassian Government, ; at whoso methods we ari' so apt lo scoff and smile, is acting in" a most paternal wily towards the peasants of Sl'lnn'lu. lt is foslering the dairying imiusiry by every m Mirhteiied mennr¡, and most surprising of nil is encouraging co-operation to such an extent amongst the eomuiunily that tin; big niiTChants, who formerly had the in dus! ry in their hands, have largely gone, out of business. Imagine autocratic Uussia fining more for Siberia than the Hritish (iovernnnmt. has ever done for Ireland with its splendid agricultural possibilit ¡es. K\ en to-day had il not been for the Uoman Ca tholic priests who 1*2 years ago introduced the art of producing bul ter of uniform quality on the Danish principle, and their elforts to induce the Irish farmer to recog nise Hie value of co-opera lion, Ireland I would practically have fallen out of the j rn uk's of butter-producing countries. The priest is doing for Ireland what the Hrit [ ¡sh Government should hu ve done long-ago. As tot he "irc-hound desert," Siberia, j all that, is of course a pure fallacy. Catt le re«, rmg ís general throughout Siberia, be cause of the abundance of rich pasture land, and cheap Mnd plentiful fodder for* thc winter months. The cost of transporta l ion1 pivvents the export of fodder, ami it. will cont HUI** to he cheap t her«'. In Australia at thu outside one and a half million of the stock are used for dalry purposes. In Siberia ii I most nil the cattle uro kept for milking. Tin* meat of tin* Siberian benst is poor, and floes not bring a good price. Kach peasant averages five horses, three cows, and some lt; sheep. The price of cows varies from £2 to JC1. One of the great advantages Australia has hitherto enjoyed is that no cattle are required to be stall fed in winter, anti that antipodean butter cached JAMJIIOU when other butter-owing to the winter season -was scarce. J.nst wanter Siberian butter, from .stall-fed cows, was sold in the Hritish market at the sam«; price as the liest colon ial, anti was equal in quality. One of the causes which has largely contributed to the success of the Siberian butter is the in st r*"t ion given lo pensants at the (ío ver ri ta.-nL dairy school hi rms in preserving fod der and feeding cattle scient ideally thereon. j Siberian butter is produced tin* whole year round without a break. Th.» Australian J butter exporting season lasts about nine < months. These an* s«iuie of th«* natural advant ages of the Siberian dairy farmer. The Government provides him with others. A Professor of Agriculture is appointed, whose stile duty it is to keep himself in formed of all the latest discoveries ami im provements in butter-making the world over. This information is used by the trained teachers-Cniversity men-at the Oovcrntnent tia ¡ry. schools throughout Si beria. After three months' tuition in a practical dalry school, which is in charge of a-n expert professor of dairy fanning, a peasant of average intelligence is qualified to manage a dairy, and is then hired by an "Artel." whii'h ts a co-operative group of pensants, to convert their milk into but ter. The training is supplemented by the visits of Herman or Danish butter experts, all of whom must have a Government di ploma. Kach «if these experts has ten creameries* under Iiis supervision. The r:ov errun cn t assists er.ch village to establish co operative dairies, advancing loans up to il.'.OO at 4. per cent, for five years. As the village councils ure coin posed of owners of cows they can guarantee the amount, and each peasant becomes his own butter-pro ducer, and shares the profits of the datry in proportion lo thc quantity of inllk ho supplies. Another great advantage Siberian butter bas in coaiix.-ting in thu war W's markets is thu ridiculously low cost ot" labour und its abundance. A good Siberian workman earns £7 8s t>d a year ; inferior lubour is jiaid at the rute of from JLI! to Jt I a year ! As the dairying industry increases wages will mount up somewhat, but Ts a wi-eL will even then secure an r.v|«*t labourer, working at least ia hours a day. \otiiing but hand-s.-parul ors aro us-il in Sillería. lt is curious that the Siberian peasant can make better butter in his dai ry t hun a Dane settled in Siberia. Thi-. is line to the latter ticing used lo muchiiic driven separators only. Another di-->ud vnntugv »he Siberian I» usant lias to con tend witli is the dilfirult.y of trunsport. This will » re long be overcome. Tho great railway hus hi-en open only a few yeui's. ami yet large towns have already sprung int«» being on its route, lt will üontiuut. to be the main artery-, but veins, in lin: shape of sh«»ri lines and light railways, will soon ta|» the wonderfully rich dairying lands on either si«le. Tl i-. interesting to note that, during the'war butter in refrig erated waggons was tIn- only freight which was allowed on the railwuy, otherwise m«» nopola-cd for military purposes, lei- costs practically nothing. During many months of tint year il is not required at all. and in winter huge supplies ure cul from tho rivers and stored convenn-nt ly. Summing up. Siberian butter has several advantages its competitors have not, lt is producitl in a country whose soil is said lo be unrivalled for growing grass and herbs for callie. In consequence fuilil.r is very very- cheap, and so good timi les milk is ri-i|uirc.l foran equal quantity of butter Iban elsewhere. Labour is exces sively cheap. The Covi i niin ni is doing ev ery I liing in its power to foster tin; indus try, ami n sane system of co-operation ii, being everywhere introduced. No wonder Siberian but ter is I he cheapest in the world, lu the near future the English working mau may be able to buy best eat ing butter, which is now out of bis reach, for Md |ier lb. There appears to h.- a ereat deal of Eng lish capital invested in t he development of the Siberian butter trude, and oven now two regular lines of three steamers, eui h lilted with the Inlett refrigerator plant, ply regularly bel ween Loudon und the Bul lie. Tie- freight on the lulu) miles voyage is only hali that charged on lintier brought, from Ireland lo London. The lotnl cost of ronceylng ti cwt. of buller from Siberia io London N from ,~»s .'ld ti» tis Til. Lust year over H(l,nO(l,(l(»iilb. of butter were exponed. Inn I he cows ulrcinl.v owned liv the Siberian peasants run produce 1,", times ns much, roughly, 1 ,liiHi.OiKt,("»i|l». The Russian (iovermnelit is encouraging emigrut ion lo Siberia besides its other work of development. The annual number of immigrants during the las! few years has been about 'JOH,Olin. Some £7--!,11(10 has already been spent by the (îovernnn-nt. for aiding emigrants, in £rnnting cheap rail way fares, cheap food, and medical assist ance, and distributing Hiern on Ile- I.nal from the thirty emigrant, slut inns seat terell about. Siberia. ! I».uni),non acres of land have lyeeu apport ¡oneil out in this way ill tho last Hu years. Il seems imevituble that, lilis steady Inking up of land for du-irving purposes ¡a far Siberia will ultimately re Mi!t in keen compel it ion willi Ihe export trade in butter from Australasia- but them aro always the Chinese.-"S M. Herald." 