THE DAIRYING INDUSTRY IN VARIOUS LA^nS. TASMANIAN PB-OSPlXi'S. AN EXPERT'S VIEWS. Mr Carl A. Andersson, a Swedish ex- pert who has been closely identified with the dairying industry in various countries, gave a good deal of interest- ing information in the course of an in- terview with a 'Daily Telegraph' rep- resentative on Saturday. Mr Andersson is the representative of the Crown Cream Separator Company, of Stock- holm, Sweden, and his duties as head expert necessitate his visiting all the principal dairying countries in the world, and brings him into close con- tact with people engaged in the indus- try. The company he represents has works situated at Sadertilge, about 25 miles from Stockholm. It employs over 350 men, and last year turned out over 35,000 separators, including hand, turbine, and belt driven machines. Since starting operations in 1890 the company has sold over 110,000 ma- chines, and has established branches all over the world, including one at Me-l bourne, where a staff of experienced mechanics is maintained. The Tas- manian agency is held by Messrs. A. G. Webster and Son. After thus explaining his position Mr Andersson went on to say that the pre- sent is his second visit to Australasia. He was here before, and left for his native conntry about 18 months ago, when he visited Argentina and several of the dairying countries in Europe. He came back to Australia about a year ago, and has since been mostly engaged in Victoria, New South Wales, Queens- land and New Zealand. He recently arrived in Tasmania, having come ex- pressly for the purpose of attending the spring shows. Touching on the dairying industry in his own country he said that the Swed- ish butter is probably not so much heard of as the Danish, but it is fully its equal in quality and realises top prices. The cattle kept there are mostly Holsteine, Shorthorns, aud Ayshires. The climate being rather cold the cat- tle are housed for about eight months of the year, and are fed mostly on hay, straw, crushed oats, and different kinds of oil cakes. The refuse from the sugar factories is also used to a large extent, together with chaff, in feeding cattle. In summer time the cows are as a rule kept tethered in the fields and are milked there. They are changed to different places in the fields two or three times a day, and water is sup- plied to them in big trouglts. All the milking is done by girls. The size of dairy farms is 125 acres, on which from 20 to 40 cows are kept. The value of the land is from £50 to £60 per acre., The Scandinavian factories are mostly run on the co-operative sys- tem and both milk and cream are re- ceived. The Government has offered substantial encouragement to the in- dustry. Prizes are offered to those turning out the best product during the year, both by the Government and pri- vate associations. Grading is done by Government experts, and if any fault is found with the product of any fac- tory an expert is immediately told off to investigate the matter and find out the cause of the deterioration. Cleanliness, Mr Andersson added, was in his opinion one of the principal factors in success- ful butter making. Passing on to Argentina, Mr Anders- son said that while he was there the annual exhibition was being held at Buenos Ayras, and there he saw some of the finest stock he had ever seen any- where. This applied not only to the im- ported stock but also to their pro- geny. Lately the dairy farmers there have gone in for Holsteins. Previously they had mostly Ayrshires and Short- horns. The country he found to be very fine, level, and well supplied with water, while one could travel from day to day and always find good country and plenty of grass. Lucerne is grown to a very large extent. Dairying is done mostly on the share system, the big landowners cutting up their estates and letting the blocks to men with families owners and tenants dividing the milk and cattle. This system works well, and tends greatly towards the im- provement of the stock. The Govern- ] ment encourages immigration, not only by providing cheap passages to Argen- tina, but also by assisting people on the land. Spanish is the language mostly spoken, but anyone possessing a little education has no difficulty in picking it up. Revolutions are of common oc- currence but they excite little com- ment; people get used to them. In other South America Republics dairy- ing has not gone ahead at all, the cli- mate and other natural conditions be- ing unfavorable. Coming to Australasia, Mr Anders- son said that New Zealand is without doubt a fine dairying coun- try, having a good climate, good feed, and any amount of fresh water, while the Government materially assists the industry by having a large staff of experts. He found that since his pre- vious visit to New Zealand a good many improvements had been made. Farm- ers, for instance, had erected new milk- ing sheds with concrete floors, and had gone in for rugging and hand-feeding their cows in winter time, which paid them handsomely. Most of the fac- tories in New Zealand are on the co- operative principle. In Victoria the industry had gone ahead very much, and without dairying some parts of that State would not be settled at all such as parts of South Gippsland. Some fine, up-to-date fac- tories had lately been built. In New South Wales, which he tra- velled through two or three months ago, Mr Andersson was surprised to find the splendid, up-to-date factories they had on the rivers, at some of which only cream was taken in. One factory had an output of 3500 tons of butter a year. Queensland, too, had gone ahead wonderfully in the dairying industry within the last two or three years. The country faced disadvantages in the hot climate, but these could be easily over- come by recourse to refrigeration. South and West Australia had made little progress in dairying so far, but in Mr Andersson's opinion the last named state is bound to become one of the most prominent in the Common- wealth from an agricultural point of view. Referring to Tasmania, Mr Anders- son said he had been through some of the principal dairying districts, particu- larly on the North-West Coast, and found them equally as good as any dairying country he had ever seen. "I have no hesitation in declaring," he said, 'that whatever has been done in the older dairying countries could also be done here in Tasmania, and the de- velopment of the industry would be beneficial not only to individual farm- ers but also to the State as a whole." He spoke at some length of the par- ticular advantages of the Tasmanian climate, but thought that the farmers might be advised to look after the cows better in winter than they usually do. It would certainly pay them handsome- ly, he said, to protect them from the cold winds and to hand-feed them a lit- tle. Even if farmers did not care to go to the expense of providing sheds or rugs for their cattle they should have some kind of break-winds to shelter them. A cow perished with the cold could not be expected to give a profit- able yield of milk. He quoted from a useful little booklet, 'Directions and counsels on home dairying,' to show how, when proper methods are followed, a cow's yield may be considerably in- creased. He added that the book would be posted free bjv his company's agents to anyone inquiring for it. In reply to a question as to how it is that Australian and New Zealand butter does not fetch such high prices in London as Danish butter, Mr An- dersson said it was only a matter of time when the Australasian product would have as high a reputation and bring as high a price as the other. It was principally a matter of reputation, for the quality of the best brands of both was equal, but the Danish was bet- ter known. Asked whether there was any danger sending too much to the London mar- et, Mr Andersson said he had no fear on that point. For one thing the supply is pretty well regulated by nat- ural causes, and as a rule if one coun- try has a surplus another has a defi- ciency. Besides, there is a greater de- mand for butter than there used to be. People who formerly were content with lard or margarine now use butter, con- sequently the consumption of the latter is on the increase. The question of home separators was touched upon. Mr Andersson sees no reason why whatever objections may be raised against their use should not be overcome. It has been proved beyond doubt, he pointed out, that by using a hand separator a dairyman does away with a lot of unnecessary work and ex- pense, such as carting the milk a long way to a factory and bringing the skim milk home again. If home separators were used the factory would send a wagon for the cream. And a farmer would have sweet skim milk from his own herd for his own use if he did the separating himself. It had been estimated that the average cost to far- mers of delivering the milk to the fac- tories was about 1 1/2d per lb of butter fat. It was pointed out that the quality of the cream which the farmers would deliver to the factories under the home separating system would have to be considered, and Mr Andersson replied that so far as keeping cream was con- cerned dairymen should be very care- ful not to mix warm and cool cream together as the separating was done. To cool the cream the can should be put into cold water, and when it was ready to be delivered to the factory all the cream should be put into one can. As soon as separating was done the machine should be taken apart, and the parts washed thoroughly first with cold water and afterwards with hot, being finally well rinsed. The separa- tor should not he put together again until it was wanted for use. As a proof that first-class butter can be made from hand separated cream he mention- ed that the Alstonville factory (N.S.W.) which buys only cream, was awarded the second prize for butter against many competitors at the recent show in London. Touching upon the financial aspect of the industry Mr Andersson said that when the Tasmanian farmers get into it properly and understand more about it they will find it payable and very profitable. He would advise them to take up dairying in conjunction with the growing of potatoes, grain, or fruit, and follow mixed farming so as not to have 'all their eggs in one basket.' Asked his opinion ataut the dairy stock in this state Mr Andersson had not much to say beyond stating that he had seen some good cattle here. He, however, referred to complaints he had heard on the North-West Coast about cows not being in calf, and while not expressing a definite opinion on the subject suggested that the trouble might possibly be due to overworking young bulls and to inbreeding too much. The quarantine regulations were re- ferred to, and the visitor explained that in his country the period of quarantine in the case of imported cattle is only three weeks except where there is an infectious disease in the herds of another country, when im- portation from that countiy is absolu- tely prohibited until it is declared free from disease. He considered that the lengthy period insisted upon in Tas- mania would seriously hamper the im- provement of the herds here by pre- venting the introduction of fresh blood. Speaking of possible means of im- proving the industry in Tasmania Mr Andersson indicated that however able the Government dairy expert may be he cannot possibly accomplish single- handed ail the work that may be neces- sary. In Scandinavia there are a good many experts and instructors who travel round to different places holding meetings and advising the farmers, and there was no doubt that this had materially helped in building up the industry in that country to what it is to-day. There, too, a system of as- sociations of factory suppliers employ- ing an expert on their own account has lately been adopted. The sup- pliers' expert goes round testing the milk, and keeps a record of all the cows. In this way first-class herds are worked up. Mr Andessson advises the farmers here to adopt something of a similar kind, though it might be on a smaller scale. At any rate some means should be taken whereby far- mers may see what animals are worth keeping and breeding from. In conclusion Mr Andersson expres- sed his appreciation of the progress he noticed in the dairying industry on the North- West Coast since he first visit- ed it twelve months ago, and which be regards as a good sign of future ex- pansion to the extent which the par- ticular advantages of this country renders possible. 