THE WEEK'S CABLES. I (Router's Measures.) A boat capBirofi on Ixiko Como, ItJaly, drowning 30 children. ? M. Kalli has succxwleid tho -ate Jf. 'Oelyan nie ail I'remier of Greoco. The Australian Agricultural Coti)j»any has declared a 'dividond of 30a per share. King Edward is visiting Sandhurst. His Majesty has expressed oonfidoncc in tho army's future. Senor Montero Uios, a .Liberal, has formed a Cabinet 'in Spain in sucassaion to tho Cabi-; net of General Azcarrajja , Mr. W. C, Gully, lata Spcakot- of 'tho House o£ Commons, has boon created a Vis count in recognition of his eminent services. The Ministers of tho Government of Crote have resigned. They threaten to join tho ?revolutionists and leavo the towns to Euro peans. The Departmental Commitlee on Olio In come Tax urges the drastic punishment of evader^, including tho publication of thei r names and addresses. B. B1. Kieran, the Australian swimmer, who has coma to England to comp'Jto in some of the championship events, is practis ing at Highgato Ponds. The Bov. O. T. L. Cro.s/slej', who bus been appointed to take charge of the parish of All Saints, St, Kilda, Melbourne, will leave England by tho steamer Medic. The BriOish steamer Ancona rammed tho Danish training ship Georgestago off Kast rup. The latter sank in two minutes, drow ning 22 cadets, 57 beii^g rescued. Zepplin's airship, which cost £50,000, has made a successful voyage, crossing Lake Constanco. The vessel, which is driven by a motor of 80 horse-power, steered easily. M. Pokotiloff, tho Russian Minister at Po king1, has handed to tho Dalai Lama of Thi bet, now at Urga, on tho Chineso frontier, two packages 'of presents from tho C.'-ar. ?Playing for Lancashire against Worcester shire, Pbidevin, of Sydney, scored 7(5 and 168 no't out. In tho first innings of Worces tershire he took eight wickots for OG runs. The Pilgrims Club on Friday gave a ban quet to welcome Mr. Whitelaw IMid, the United States Ambassador to Great Bri tain, « i , i i ! t&i; M My A. J. Balfour, the Prime Minister, in tho course of a speech, declared that Presi dent Roosevelt was the only potentate abla usefully to intervene between Ituaeia and J a- pan for ttio promotion of poaco. Tho battleship Commonwealth, 16,350 tons, is conducting a gunnory experiment at Ban try Bay. Wonderful l-osulls havs been at tained at ti range of 10,000 yards (Si miles). The island' of Nu-shima, wh'ich began to appear off tho coaat of Japan in November, and which rose to a height of 450ft., is now only lOffc. above the sea, and is graduallj' disappearing. The Hongkong correspondent of the 'Daily Mail' reports that the battleship Glory and the armoured cruisers Sutlej and Hcgue. of the China squadron, havo been urgently sum moned home. Router's correspondent at/ Rome telegraphs that the Italian Chamber of Deputies, by 190 votes to 4S, has approved of the bill providing for an increase in tho expenditure on the navy. The 'Daily Nows' rejoices in Australia'? invitation to Mr. W. II. Taft and Miss Alico Roosevc- lt, daughter of President Roosevelt, to extend their Far Eastern tour to the Commonwealth. Advices fram Tokio stato that a message has been received from Peking announcing that Great Britain and China have settled the Tibet question. The indemnity is only 4150,000 dollars. There is much political excitement in the Transvaal, miany holding, that Het Volka agitating is designed to drive a wedge in tlia constitution through the disfranchisement of tho military and constabulary. Wreckage has been sighted in the Atlantic Ocean, lit is apparently from t'he missing Hamburg-American liner Casitilia, tho loss of which is attributed to an explosion. Tho vessel carried a crew of 27. The Marongos defeated a German forcfo un der Captain Siobert at Amos, Karas Moun tains, South-west Africa, with heavy loss. Ail the supplies and ammunition of the Ger man forces wore captured. A committee of the Board of Agriculture describes fruit culture as England's only pro-, grossive rural industry. The committee re commends tho instituting of a bureau of in formation, and tho establishment of an ex perimental fruit farm and various methods of State encouragement. It is officially announced at Berlin that after fourteen hours' fighting at Amos ICa ras, South-West Africa, German troops de feated and routed tho Chief Marengo. Fif teen Germans wcro killed, and 25 others ivero wounded, including Major Kamptz. The re port that Warmbad has fallen is declared to be untrue, ?The wreck of the steamship Ashmount is reported to be tho biggest loss of the year, j The Court of Inquiry at Poiit Elizabeth liao suspended the captain's certificate for throe months for negligent navigation. Thomas Fisher and Herbert Porcival Sic vior, betting agents, were charged at tho Clorkonwell Court with defrauding their cli ents. Fisher was sentenced ,to 12 months' hard labour. Sievier has absconded. Wright, of America, beat Brookes, of Vic toria, in the semi-final of the lawn tennis championship at London. Ward and Wright, of America, defeated Brookes nnd JHmlop in the semi-finals of the doubles championship. Tho Riksdag of Sweden has decided to re for the proposals of the Government for the settlement of the relations botwaen Sweden and Norway to a special committee comjios ed of Members of both chambers of the House. Jlr. Coffhlnn, in a letter to the 'Econo- | mist,' dfcprocatos Hk Melbourne correspond- . ent's pessimism respecting Australian agri- i cultural progress, and states that agriculture ] now occupies a first place in tho Common- i wealth's rural industries. , The Aliens .Ti/xclusion Bill was iliscusscd. - in Committee ol the House of Commons last f night. The Home Secretary, Mr. Akers 1 nmin-lnc ? , , . taut tuiuna couici onJv be excluded in bulk, and that under this' bill single immigrants wore not barred. ? II. M.S. Dreadnought, which will shortly bo begun at Portsmouth, and which will be the largwit warship in the world, a combintv t.ion of battleship and cruiser, witlf a dis placement of 18,000 tons, will bo fitted with' tin-bine engines, and will have a Bpeed of 20 knots. The Tokio correspondent of tho 'Daily uimuui™ xiiai unina has deci ded to follow the advice of Japan in the formation at Peking of a constitutional Go vernment, which will be established in 12 years. Preliminary reforms will be realised i by China in ths interval. Tho troubles at Erivan, Trtmscau'iasin, I wore due to the appointment of M. Alikha- I noft as Governor. He, being a Mohamme dan. did not interfere, it is said, with the I massacre of Armenians. He has now been j transferred to Baku, where the Tartirs aro likely to imitate the deeds of tlioir brethren at Erivan. Renter's Agency is informed that the rd vices from Chifu to the effect that European anc. American merchants had been ordered ta leave Port Arthur are based c.n a misunder standing, regarding the conveyance, of good ..eloncnng to foivigners who voluntarily are leaving Port Arthur. Tt is added1 that 'there ;s no compulsion on the foreigners. Rocco Cornn'.bas, a Spaniard, described as a chauffeur, was charged at tho Hertford ?v«s--9rtJay with causing tho death of Willie Clifton, aged years, at Markvate, on April1 16. The- doconsad, boy was knocked down by-, a. iwotop onr wliich eccuuod .was dri. ving. Gornalbas was tound guilty, and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment/ A bill has been introduced in tho House of Commons providing for a reduction in tho salary of tho Lord Chancellor of Ireland from £.8000 to £.0000 per annum to take effect when tho next vacancy occurs, and a reduction of the number oJ judges from ten to eight-. The saving thus effected is proposed to be deroted to Irish develop ment. The arrivals of wool number 183,000 bnlea. Of these 80,000 have been forwarded direct to tho manufacturers, and thero aro avail able for the fourth series of sales 119,000 bales. English wool has been steadily ad vancing. Lincoln hogs have oold at 13d per, lb. There is a shortage of colonial wools, owing to heavy American purchases, and lar ger purchases on behalf of Japan for army clothing. Mr. Justice Grantham, at tho Old Bailey, yesterday sentenced Florence Doughty to seven ve.ars' peiwil servitude for shooting, in Oxford-street, Malcolm Swan, son cf a solicitor, with intent to do grievous b.ulily harm. In giving evidonce Malcoim admit ted that he had had intimate relations with tho prisoner, whom he had renounced. The jury, in returning a verdict of guilty, added a strong recommendation to mercy. General Yuan-shi-kai, Commander-in- Chief of the Chinese Army, has prohibited meet ings to boycott American goods. To prevent trade boycotting. President Roosevelt has ordered that Chineso mer chants, travellers, and others entitled bo ox- ; emption under tho exclusion, laws, be treated with the same courtesy as those* belonging to other cities of tho world. Officials who do not obey thesb orders will be dismissed, i 