NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, Sunday. Thte State Ministers, with a number of their Parliamentary supporters, spent yes torday afternoon ott the harbmtr. Trhe ne tasion celeourted was the first anniversary of the Goverament's e .t.stence, the Minis try having been formed on August i9, The new motor fire engine, which is to arrive in Sydney on ,istonlday by thi s'tea tier Star of New Zealand, is said to be the first of its kiln to i usesd tby any firo brigade In tho worhi. The new engine dilf ftee from tthe ote already in tite posoes sion of the M.,.I., luasmuch as it will ]lump water instead of tire- extinguishing G'as. It cost £1000, and will be worked by petrolt. Fallsowing the up-to-date me thuds of the Sydney Fire Brigade, It is understood that tto Melbourne authorities have ordered an cngine of a similar type. A Danish sea captain, named Peter An ton Peterson, was found dead yesterday at Camperdown. About one o'clock in the afterrnoon two little girls visited the house, where the man had been living alone for several weeks, and found him lying dead on his bed. On a box alongside the best was found a glass containing a quantity of water and some crystals, while on the mantelpiece in the same room was a small jar containing bromide of potas sium. The police were communicated with, and the body removed to the morgue. As the result of a raid made by tte Cus toens autttoriltes on two fruit shops in the city, 35,600 cigarettes are at present in the King's warehoune, Circular Quay. The duty involved amounts to upwards of £20. It is thought that the cigarettes were landed itn Sydney from a forsign vessel recently la Port Jacksai. rho general committee of tte United Licensed Vietsallcrs' Associtiaon of New Souttl Wales has had under discussion tto new Liquer Bill. Mr. J. B. Suttor, presid ent of the assoctttaon, stated that, while there were many wise provisions it tte meastre, there were several unfair clau ses, and the tssociatton wsold conittat them one by uet. Mr. John Asliton, the general secretary, trenchantly criticised tte Bill, dwelling especially upon "the Ini quity of ni compensation beong provided.'" It was suggested that a deputation wait. upon the Attorney-General, but It was eventually decided that a. sub-committee should furtttr discuss the measure on Monday next. The mail steamer Sononta, whIch arriv ed at Sydney yesterday from" San Fran ucsco via ports, encountered rough weather after leaving Aucklahd. There was a very heavy sea, svlth rain and fierce squalls. An outbreak of fire early yesterday morning severely damaged the premises, in Buckland-street, city, of Mr. W. E. Woods, of Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. The over-heating of a toller Is said to hive been tto cause of the fire. The build Ing was insured for £500. and the gin tents for £1350, both in the Colonial Mu tual Oflie. In the course of an isterview yesterday, Mr. R. J. Jeffray, Commissioner of the Board of Trade, said:-"The question of preferential trade is bound to be debatcd to the end, and settled one way or thu other. I may say, however, that every one I have spoken ta wants to deal with Great Britain. On that there is grea: unnimlty. I have ntet with ni sugges tlon of any otlier opinion. But. oa course, the condition inherent in all trade applies. Your merchant will buy in the cheapest market, and it is part of my mission to inquire what disadvantages economic oe otherwles Great Britain is at in competi tion with any article. In Mr. Coghtla's latest statistical work (1903-4). page 250, he publishes same figures which show a remarkable diversion of trade. especially of recent years, from the United Kingdom to foreign countries. Inqtiry intu the reason for this is. briefly, what I at omit missioned to make. Tie United States has the greatest domestic market in tno world. They have 80,000.000 of people. They wholly rottrol theh" own murkete. They can manufacture on a scale exceed lug greatly their requirements, and thus they arc enabled to dispose of their sar plus at less' than cost price. It is com mon knowledge that you can huy gooano here, Imported from America, in many lines cheaper thtan you could buy them in the United States. . Save .for Internal competition, they can, with their protec tive tuiriff. make the prices of their gooda what they like." Questioned on the mat ter of immigration Mr. Jeffray said lie tiad not gone carefully into that all-importan, problem to Australia. Canada, Ii. re marked, was nearer tte old land. nod, of conree, benefited in the way of immigrants on-that account. "But," he added, "you are getting closer and closer to the olo land by quick locomotion and cheap pas sages. When I first came out here the trip took over 100 days. That is tht great revolutionising factor li modern tlmes-quick locomotion, telegraphis, tele phones, and all the quickening facilIties of these days. I remember when I weno up to the University I had to go by coach; now you can go by motor car, and In a variety of expeditious ways.' . The P. and O. Company's R.M.S. Vic toria, whilch left Sydney yesterday for London. via ports, took ttoe follawing bult lion shfpments: 10 boxes of gold, for Bom bay, valued at £50,000, and 2 boxes of gold, for Calcutta, valued at £10,003, sltipped by the Bank of New South Wales; and a quantity of gold, in boxes, from Townst ville (Queensland), valued at £27,327. • The 23 Chinese stowaways who were dis covered on the German steamer Prinz Waldenmr at Sydney some tIme ago and deported to German New Guinea are, or what remains of them, to be sent' back to Hsngkong. It appears that the death rate amongst them is very great, six of their number already having uiccumbed to the effects of hard work on the roads in a fever-stricken climate. Leaditg Chi nose in Sydney have been neggtiating to have them "rodeemed," even at any cost. Captain Woltemas, of the Print Walde mar, while at Hongkong lust voyage, told the stowaways' relatives that the cost of bringing the men from Hongkong to Syd hey back to German New Guinea, anti thence on to Hongkong, and other ex penses, was £420. As soon as the Prino Waldemar arrived at Sydney this voyage she was met by several prominent Chinese, who finally arranged with Mr. G. H. Boner, of Lohmann and Co., agents for the N.D.L., and ttoe captaln of the steamer that the expenses be reduced to £350. This amount was subscribed in Sydney amongst the Chinese. The total Customs revenue collected In Sydney last week was £61,870, ' being £6241 less than ttoe collections" for the previous wueek. icheltc Cane, sn ohl-age pensolner, of 87 years, was being conveyed to, the hos pital admission depot yesterday afternoon in a cab, wlen 1ti expired. The body wan titketn to the morgue after It hud beent aocertatincd tht death was duo tnatural causes. The deceased latterly resided at Bathurst-strget, city, and was unmarried. Mrs. Henry Miller, of Balmaln.. whilst out driving in a sulky to-day, was thrown from the vehicle through the horse bolt ing, and sustained fatal injuries. A tablet has recently been inserted in the wall of the Geoege and Dragon Hotel at Yarm-en-Tees to commemorate the holding there of the first meeting In con netiuon swith thu firot ptublie railway, It: beams the iasscrlptlon:--0,Darllngton anod Sto.kton Railway. In the commercial-room of this hotel, on the 12th dhey of February. 1820, was held Sihe promoters' meeting of the Darlinghtoun and Stockton Railway. the first public railway in the world.". 