LOCAL AND GENERAL The Chief Justice (Sir John Dodds) j returned to Hobart by the express on j Saturday afternoon. j Some excitement was created in ) Cameron-street last night by a man, who, it is alleged, was acting in a strange manner at a dwelling in the winft* of the Post Office. The police were apprised of the incident at a . quarter-past 8 o'clock, but when five , members of the force put in an i pearance, the 'game' was under cover. A large crowd of persons collected, but 1 the police did not leave - the soen« j emjpt/-handed; ffrr a y&uiig; fliah. Who' was among the sightseers; was arrest^ I ed, and at the watchhouse a charge 1 of disturbing the peace was entered against him. He was liberated on bail to' appear at the Police Court this ; doming. ' j Saturday, and also yesterday niter- 1 noon, jras bright and sunny, affording a welcome change from the weather re cently experienced. The nights have, however, been cold and frosty, and ~ on Friday morning the thermometer regis tered seven degrees below freezing point-. Yesterday motning a ireiy thick fag hubg 6ver the city, but Reared at midday. Saturday was. the fifth, day iii secession bn which rain fell at Zee han, hut it .was not so heavy as bn other days. 'After copious and continu ous rain .there are now indications of fine weather at Qaoenstown. At Frank tod there has been a surfeit of wet weather lately, and a dry sunny spell . would be appreciated. Owing to the thick fog prevailing in the river yesterday morning the Waka tipu was unable to sail at her appoint ed time, but had to wait until 4 o'clock in the afternoon. -Many of the 'passen gers went aboard overnight, an? there was no little surprise on their ' getting up in the morning to find that, instead of being outside Tamar Heads on their way to Sydney, they were still along side the wharf. The majority of them, therefore, went ashore, and said good tby again to their friends. It was dead low water when the Loongana came up the river yesterday afternoon, and it was thought that some difficulty . might be experienced between the Ti-Ttee and Town Point, but there was none whatever, at the vessel steamed slowly up, and did not get fast ajiywhere. The fog detained her for about three hours, as she enter ed the Heads at 7 o'clock -iii the -morning, and did not reach the wharf until 2 o'clock. The Loongana leaves on the return trip to Melbourne at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning. The sheep which were despatched fiy the steamers . Westralia and Wakatipu to the Sydney sheep sales were all shipped in first-class order, no accidents of any kind taking place. The work reflects credit on the Railway 'Depart- ment, and ' on the Tasmanian Wool growers' Association, by whom the ship ping arrangements were carried out. The loose ones were placed in the hold, and were all comfortably fixed, while the cages were arranged on deck, and in case of rough weather the cages would be covered over by tarpaulins. The Westralia is expected to arrive in Sydney this morning, and the Waka tipu to-morrow morning. The majority of the breeders left by both vessels to attend the sales. Some excitement was caused in Charles-street on Saturday, evening about 8 o'clock by a horse attached to a phaeton shying, the driver seemed to lose control of the animal for the time, with the result that the horse and vehicle landed on the footpath, and barely missed going through several windows. After some trouble the fright ened animal was led on to the roadway and cantered off apparently uninjured. At St. John's Church yesterday the usual quarterly collections were taken up in aid of the church extension fund, and resulted in the Sum of £43 being obtained. 'A Trip to Queensland with the Federal Party' is to form the subject of an address whieh Senator Keating has kindly consented to deliver before the Launceston branch of the Australian Natives' Association this evening after the conclusion of the business. The public are cordially invited to be pre sent, and are notified that the address will commence at 8.30. Members are reminded that the business will be taken at 7.45, and the half-yearly elec tion of officers will also take place. The president hopes to see a large muster of members, and also a good attendance of the public for the sjllabus item. 'First Aid' was the subject of the address given by Dr. Maffey to the members oi the Northern Tasmanian Vharmaeeutical and Cental Association on .Friday night, and being a useful subject. ;vas much appreciated. The le-turer went through a long list of ac c dL-:iis that man is heir to, and which the chemist, in his line of business, may i':c particularly -unfortunate, or iortun ate, enough to meet with. Mr F. Sty ant-£ronn-s occupied the chair, and j there was a good attendance of mem bers, several of whom at the end of I the lecture had a number of questions which they wanted answered, and which the lecturer gave attention to. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded Dr. Maffey and Messrs. F. T. Holmes, R. R. Evans,' F. W. Brockett, H. Lithgow, and the secretary were appointed as a commit tee to make arrangements for a. social in connection with the association. The next lecture will be given by Dr. G. H. Skinner. The manager of the Stanley River mine had rather a unique experience on Wednesday on his way out (says the 'Zeehan Herald'). The cage across the Pieman River, wluch is there 100 yards wide, travels on a cable at least 25ft above the water at ordinary seasons, but on reaching the shelter hut Mr Davis found it impossible to reach the staging from which the cable starts owing to the height of the flood, and had to wait till the water subsided a little yesterday. The river then was a passable imitation of the Cataract Gorge in Launceston, except that it was a trifle more picturesque to the eyes of any one but an ultra-patriotic Laxin cestonian. At the Police Court on Saturday morning, a further adjournment till July 1 was granted in the case of Ed ward John Tressider, who was .arrest ed in Wellington on warrant charging him with having, at Beaconsfield, on and since February 16, 1903, left his male child by Mabel Blanche Curran Smith without means of support. The various systems of wireless tele; graphy now in use are to be tested in the annual manoeuvres of the U.S. squadron in the Caribbean Sea. Plans are being made for elaborate tests, and a majority of the vessels partcipating will he equipped with the wireless ap paratus. Two or three different sys tems will h% used and every effort will be made to intercept wireless messages and to break the lines of transmission. The vessels of the squadron trill, as far as possible, be controlled by wireless telegraphy from the beginning of the manoeuvres. Every effort wnl be made to test the efficiency of the instruments now used by the Government. The fine weather yesterday afternoon permitted a large number of people to attend the band concert in the City Park. A delightful programme was given by St. Joseph's Band, under Mr Alex. Lithgow. A man who was fined at the Fitzroy court on ' Satur for brutally beat ing his wife, had the impudence to tefl the bench that the poor woman had met with her pitiable injuries by 'rush- ing on to his nands.' The booths in connection with the forthcoming winter race meeting at Mowbray by the Newuham club Were sold on Saturday by W. T. Bell and Co. . The committee booth realised £7 10s, i the purchaser being Mr C. Davis, -while the outside booth went to Mr P. Mur phy for £6, and the halcbny fetched i 5s. A pleasing ceremony took . place a£ the Gasworks on Saturday . last, when I Mr J. C. Ayers, on the occasion of his | marriage, was presented by the officials j and his fellow employees with ,a hand some clock, which was suitably ett [ graved. Mr Arthur Green, in making the presentation, referred with pleas \ ure to the kindly feeling' always ex ihibited at the works on such , occasions. He said it seemed quite,, a natural thine for employees to enter the com pany's service as lads, grow up and merit honorable positions, then get married, and, he hoped, live happily ever after. Mr Ayers suitably respond ed, and the gathering dispersed. There has just died at St. Vincent's Hospitalj Sydney, one of the best-known personalities in the streets of Sydney.' From his general appearance he was known as 'Kruger,' and every day, wet or dry, he wended his way from the city to the vicinity of Lady Mac quarie's chair, in the Domain, and there spent several hours engrossed in a book or paper, paying no apparent heed to what went on around him. He took the name of. Lind, an .abbrevia tion of Ei6 natitj£ tOwii; Lindby. Lind was very reticent as fd his antecedents, but it appears that he Was. a Lutheran preacher in the United States. On coming to Australia, he for a time worked in the bush, but for many years had, it is said, lived on the interest of £800, wluch was deposited in 'one of the city banks, -his daily expenditure amounting to sevenpence. | There was a great rush for the 6000 : acres of land in Westland, New Zea : land, opened under lease in perpetuity : for 696 years. The total number of ' applications was 2146. All the sections were taken up. According to the tale told by a trav eller from St. Helen's, there was a 'Slippery Jack', oh the road -On Friday. When the coach arrived at St; Mary's and the driver went to collect his fares, he found that one of his ipside passengers was missing, and it waSascertained-that he had jumped out a little way bade on the road. The driver expressed his view of the matter in the emphatic manner common to coachdrivers on such occasions, and, saddling up a horse, started off to search for his quondam passenger along some -of the bush tracks which he was likely to have taken. The search was in vain, however. During the half-hour which elapsed between the arrival of the coach at St. Mary's and the departure of the train the man managed to get to the next station where he was seen to board the train. The guard was in formed of what had occurred, and fur ther on began to make enquiries as to who had come from St. Helen's by coach. When the train arrived at Conr ara Junction, the slippery one was again missing. An occupant of the carriage in which he had travelled stat ed that's couple of miles from Conara the missing passenger opened the door, and stood there looking out. The at tention of the other was diverted for a moment, and when he looked again the man at the open door had disap peared. .Thus it would seem that he was equally clever in dodging both the coachdriver and the railway guard, and adopted the same methods in each in stance. The exact reason why he left the train, which presumably was trav elling slowly at the time, is not quite clear, but probably he was afraid of being apprehended at Conara. Some hard nuts have been given to the 'Little Englanders' to crack, and by a Liberal, too (says a London corre spondent). This is Mr Samuel Storey, an ex-M.P., who has so far got out of touch with his party that he may almost be described as an ex-Liberal, at least as far as tariff reform is con cerned. Because the proposed reform comes from the Conservative side of the House, from an ex-member of a Go vernment responsible for the war and a shilling in the pound income tax, and from a party that has been in power so long that no matter what its policy may be. its fate is a foregone conclu sion at the elections — because, I say, of these things, the Liberals and their Labor allies will have none of the Bir mingham policy. But that does not mean that the last word has been said on the subject, or that the masses of the community are indifferent to such facts as the following, which I have extracted from Mr Storey's column long indictment: The new German tariff imposes prohibitive duties on most of our highly-finished productions. British factories are transferred abroad to get inside the foreign tariff walls. Our manufactured exports to the chief protected countries have decreased from £41i000,000 in 1881-5 to £375,000,000 in 1896-1900. Our total exports of manufactured goods only rose from £1,031.000,000 in 1881-1885 to £1,047,000,000 in 1898-1900, thoush our population increased in the interval 20 per cent. * ? While it is often impossible to prevent an accident, it is never impossible to be prepared — it is not beyond anyone's pui-e. Invest Is Gd in a bottle of Chamberlain's Pain Balm, and you are prepare for anything.* il 1 1 . 1 1 mm i nwrp ? 1 I1 ' ' *' tM.' 'W The following tenders have been ac cepted by the Public Works Depart ment: Public Works Execution Act, 1901 : Bqad, Hunting ' Greuiid devia tion, contract 1, W. J. Tiifher,- £297 12s 9d. Public Works Eexcution Art, 1903: Road Woolley's-road, contract 1, C. A. Stubbings, £99 12s, subject to a reduction of ..work at schedule jirices to extent of £3 Is. 2d. Public Works Execution Act, 1904 ; Road, Glen-road, contract 1, Fred. Gall, £52 12s Hd, subject to a reduction of work at seh«l ule prices to extent of ,£20 12s lid ,' road, Tongataboo-road, contract 1, Henry. Clark, £52 19s 4d, subject to a reduction of work at schedule prices to extent of £5 '5s 8d; road, Proctor's road to Mount Nelson Signal Station, wire fencing through Mr R. Ij. Mar ray's property (now owned by Messrs. Dillon and Hawson), Thomas Dillon, £70. Crown Lsiids Act, 1903: Road, district of Kay, to selections of Beeves, ? Bennett, and others, contract 86. Frail- : cis Franklin, £71 18s 9d ; roia, m£ trict of Little Forester River, to selec 'tions of Millwood, Waldron, and others, contract 8, H. Millwood, £155 4s 6d; road, district of Upper Piper, to. selections, of Mary Seeee_and others, contract 167. Brooke and HaaS; £GG 10s 6d ; road, district of Upper Piper, to selections of R,. H. Green and 'others, contract 152a, Brooke and Haas, £24 10s ; road, district of Mountain River j (Ranelagh), to selections of O. Wallis, ] contract 61, George Wallis, £20;_ road,: district- of JBruni Island, to selections of j E:'D. Murray, Adventure Bay, contract ] 27, C. Dwyer, £46 10s; purchase and: removal of old school buildings, St, Mary's, A. O. Doyle, £17 15s. The ! notification of acceptance of Ernest.: Tringrove's tender for road, Proctor's-^ road to Mount Nelson Signal Station, wire fencing through Mr JR. L. Mur ray's property (now owned hy Messrs. v Dillon and .Hawson),' in 'Gazette -Jfn April 25, 1905, is hereby cancelled. A Southern paper states thsit further evidences - are daily given . that the spread of the potato -disease ill . New Zealandjlid not cause anything UkelBie mischief^nticipated. . The Might In the: majority of cases appears to have died off,, and the tuber has dried instead of rot-tjngj with 'tie- result that many of tie potatoes looked upon as hopelebly infected are now mafk&table.; . It was at one time thought-it would *be neces sary to go abroad for sera potatoes, but there will be plenty of these in iNorih Otago. Naturally, the prices have re ceived a rade shoct ana are being, de creased by material amounts weekly. One authority stated , to a .representa tive of the Oamaru 'Mail' ' Giat he would not be at all surprised if - next year nothing at all is heard of the disease, the presenee of whieh was dis tinctly attributable to the preceding, wet season. , r 'Among the: passengers for jFremantle in the R.M.S. Ortona, which arrived there on 8th inst., were one Swedish : and six. Danish immigrants, who were entered on the list as laborers, and were sent to Fremantle by the' Agent General's Office. The men are all i young, seemingly about 21 years of age, and are agricultural laborers. They are under the leadership d! a Swede named Knndson, who is a skill ed dairyman. . ^ Government officer from the statistical office, .introducing himself to. the meil, took them to Perth. '- He said that work had been secured by the Government for them- should they care to accept it. ?' The^men (the Perth 'Morning Post' states)' came to Western Australia on very favorable conditions. They paid only £6 10s, or half the - farer the other half being . defrayed by the Government.- The: leader, Knudson, had a letter from the Agent-General's Office stating that ar rangements had been made with the' Orient-Pacific line for . them 'to secure tickets at balf fare.' The tickete, bow ever, showed that 'the full fare had been ijaid. The federal- immigration authorities appeared to he somewhat suspicious, but as the men stated they had no written contract, they could hot take any steps in regard to tiem. It is understood that more Danish and Swedish laborers of the same class are to be sent out to Fremantle shortly.' j Mr Hornej. who. left the Dpnorlan ' district some time -back for New Zea- - land, returned by the Flora, from Mel bourne. on Wednesday. Mr Hbrne . (says the 'N.W. Post') states he is per fectly satisfied that New Zealand does not offer muph encouragement to those in search of situations, nor are the land laws satisfactory, for, practi cally, 'dummying' is rampant.' Betrothal Rings. — One could not wish to see a finer assortment of' engage-' -ment rings than we are now showing. In our assortment we show .the dia'-1 monds by themselves in gipsies and ball - hoops, and also in combination with rubies, emeralds, sapphires, opal, pearls, etc. 'We can post an assortment on ap proval, on hearing from you. Just say kind of stones preferred, and the price you require to go to. — F. and W. Stewart, jewellers, Charles-street, Launceston.* NOTICES. TO-PAT. 10\. — Court of Bequests. , . 7,45 — A.N.A., at -Mechanics' Institute. 8\. — Thcosophieal Sooieiy, Albert Hall. 