OUR PRODUCTS IN LONDON. VIEWS OF A PRACTICAL FARMER. Mr. P. C. Basche, a well-known dai ry farmer from the Macleay River returned last week from a trip t< London and the Continent.' Mr Basche inquired into many matten of the greatest interest to producers and the public of this State, and lu has contributed some of his impres si cms in the following :-With 12,00( miles of sea between us, it woulc .seem that we are in another world and it is no easy matter to make ai: 'impression on the millions of peoplt in Great Britain. Tho first way thal would suggest itself is in the news ?papers.' I bis in England, and par- ticularly London, is extremely diffi cult, and unless the Government is prepared to adopt the Canadian me- thods, and spend heaps of money ad- vertising, it is practically impossible The Canadian policy has been "keep pegging away." Canadian land-set- tlement literature ol thc most allur- ing typo is to be seen everywhere. The Dominion has offices in most central positions, with large show windows lilied with exhibits; tho shipping companies interested in the trade adopt the same lines. Thc Govern- ment does not give monetary assist- ance to the immigrants, but subsidi- ses the shipping companies on the number carried. ' A fine exhibit ol the products of Canada is carried all over thc Kingdom on a huge motor waggon. There is a Canadian boom, and people aro nocking there in thousands. I think there will bc a sad awakening for many. For years we have been sleeping, and have been'completely overshadowed. First- ly, ? by the mining boom in South Africa ; and then by. the activity of Canada. If Canada can do all these things, surely we can also. The N.S. Wales timber trade with the mother country has practically ceased. All the business is done by one Sydney firm, which has agents in London. The same, firm is represented, in Leip sic, and is working, up a trade, with Germany;' During my visit''"tb' tho latter country I had most interest- ing interviews with shipping compan- ies engaged in. Australian trade, and timber merchants, who I met throu- gh Dr. A. G. Jürgens, secretary of the ''Hamburg Exchange. Germany imported ia 1902 timber to the value of £9,000,000. Included in the im- ports were large quantities of beech, from Norway, Sweden, and Denmark, for street paving purposes. It would seem that there is an opening for our hardwood here. The initial cost with New South Wales timber would be greater than with beech, but when the question of durability is considered the latter is completely out of court. There is inquiry, also, for . teak and rosewood, for ship building and cabinet work, and .much might -be'done'with our hardwoods suitable for harbour works. The im- portance of'increasing'--the ?'forest re- serves of the State and conserving our timbers generally becomes at once apparent when one sees thc ex- tent of the replanting operations, and considers the enormous outlay annually incurred for the production pf timber in Europe. In uddition ta this heavy charge, Germany, as sta- ted' above, has paid out as much as £9,000,000 in one year for foreign timber. About 12 years ago the pro- spects1 pf a big New South Wales hardwood trade with 'England were very bright. At that time the Lon- don agents say it was much easier to sell than to * receive supplies. Now 'there seem to be difficulties. The practice of millers and agents of this State of forwarding timber cut con- trary to order caused much incon- venience to English buyers, and _ has left a bad impression. If 40 pieces 110ft. long, Gin. by 4in., were ordered, the buyer does not want 20 pieces 20ft. long. It is also advisable to ship not less than say 30,000 super- ficial feet at a time. The buyers will not bother with small lots, as the cost of lightering would bc as much for a barge load as for half a load. The high price of ironbark, the best of our timbers for piles and harbour works, makes it prohibitive.. Green heart-a very fine timber from Brit- ish Guiana-replaces it, at £6 10s per load of 50 cubic feet. For rail- way sleepers tho English companies prefer, particularly for fast travel- ling, the Baltic fir (on account of thc spring) to our hardwood. The fir sleepers, impregnated with creosote a preservative-can bo procured at little more than half tho cost of our timbers., The preservative is used notwithstanding it is admitted that our mahogany, tallow-wood, or blackbutt would last as long again as. the fir. It is impossible to com- peto just now with tho West Austral- ian jarrah, which ÍH practically a drug on thc market, at £4 5s per "load" c.i.f. A largo amount of English capital is invested in West Australian mills, and now ono huge combino has the controlling influence, There aro good prospects for tho thc< blackbutt and tallowwood, which is in'domand for car scantling. Much might bo done, too, with spot- ted crum for eoaehbuilders' work. In- quiries wera also mndo about our teuk, which is found in considerable quantities of tho Tweed and Rich- mond Rivcrsf> and tho hope was ox pressed that trial shipment« would bc made. In spite of tho existing diffi- culties, with a little push on business linea our hardwood trade should quickly assuma considerable dimen- sions. Tho N.S. Wales exhibit in London includes a fino »collection of our »oft timbera. T see no prospect outside for these. Wc should try and popularise thom locally, and so do oroaHO our. imports of soft timber. I rofor now pnrticulnrly to butter produced and handled within tho Stat«. '. During'-;'my'.' visit ;to ' the oldj country I endeavoured to approach} the question of Government grading without prejudice, arid to ascertain! the feeling and .true .state of affairs in London. As a result I have re- ceived overwhelming evidence in fa- vour of a thorough (1 would empha- sise that word)- system of Govern- ment supervision" and grading. I had ample opportunities, of inspect- ing all -thc , butter coming into Lon- don, including.Danish, Dutch, Siber- ian, French, ;Irish, Argentine, New Zealand arid Australian. I also had opportunities'of. studying thc system of distribution,: and of ascertaining the opinión : of. the principal dealers, wholesale and retail, and found them practically unanimous in fav- our of. the: grading system. I found no direct opposition. Two replies were non-committal, the agents who gave them tactfully saying their opinions were - the opinions of thc Australian firms they represented. Of the imported butters tho Danish secures top price. There is uniformi- ty in craahty, one grade only, and that the best. Compulsory grading by the Government is not carried out in Denmark, but there is a system of supervision equally effective. Tho conditions, are ^altogether different from those existing in' our State. In Denmark butter'is. thc pillar of com- merce. The cc/iintry, essentially an agricultural one, depends on it. Tho Government is by farmers' Parlia- ment. Seventy-five per cent, of tho members are farmers, and the dairy- man's interests arc never lost sight of. .The co- opprative feeling is very strong, and the interests of the indi- vidual give way to the interests of the community. In New South Wales we have just the reverse. It is a question of f'grab" ; each for him- self. It was not considered wrong (and .there is no law. to prevent it) to ship curt grease to England lab- elled "best Australian butter." Tho good name of the country was not considered by the shippers who were making their profit. Surely this will recoil. Of the Colonial butters, New Zealand, with-the thorough system of compulsory grading, holds premier position. Of the Australian States, Victoria, who was first in the field, leads, her system being grading when required. Regarding tho mo thur State, bf free and easy .methods there is an clement of uncertainty. Some few of our factories consistent- ly ship butter of tho highest quality -butter which requires no "push- ing/' but it is sought for at top Australian rates. The majority of brands vary to an enormous extent, whilst others are consistently bad. Queensland has only recently entered thc lists. Queensland is profiting by the dearly-bouglit experience of thc southern States, who pioneered tho trade. The .most'.popular argument advanced in the State against grad- ing is "that it is'absurd to certify to condition of butter which hus to tra- vel 12,000 miles and wuit'for, say, seven weeks before reaching market." In answer, I would direct attention to the experience of New Zealand. London buyers place implicit confid- ence in the Government certificate, and, in fact, some factories sell tho. whole season's output months before tho butter reaches England, on tho strength of the certificate. We anight reasonably expect,, under existing conditions, where mixed lots aro shipped, to see much deterioration, but it is quite safe to say that of the best butters-such as would bear first-grade certificate-over 95 per cent, would arrive in perfect condi- tion. Another common argument lo- cally advanced is "that the Gov- ernment certificate would bc value- less, because the buyer will insist on personal inspection, and bc his own grader."- To an, extent this must bo expected. Others will say that fac- tories who take special precautions and turn out butter of line flavour and exceptionally high quality will, with thc grading system, lose their identity. This is not so. There is al- ways a market' for "special lines," and a good agent will place them iu such a manner as to ensure tho brands being always sought after. The method of trading in England, where there is much forward buying for thc provinces and for contract purposes, makes- tho grading system, with the issue of Government certifi- cates, peculiarly useful. I have no hesitation in saying that thc certifi-1 cato would bc accepted und trade generally facilitated by the adoption | of the. tr'radincr, system. I cannot leave this question without reference to tho North Coast Company (By- ron Bay), which is strongly opposed to inspection. This factory, with tho "Unaid" brand, has attained a proud position on the homo markets, largely on account , of tho manage- ment . employing a system, which others, who are ruining or certainly retarding the trade, should bc com- pelled to adopt. Thc factory named secures top Australian rates, but, al- though superior to some und equal to much New Zealand butter, has to bo content with Homo shillings,per cwt. below Now Zealand, because of tho company it kcops, as "Austral- ian." 