SUMMARY. The Czar has directed M. Wltte, the Hussion peace plenipotentiary, after visiting President Louhot, to see the German Emperor. St. Petersburg telegrams assert that the Rus sian evacuation of Manchuria will only be par tial. Army corps will bo left on tho chineso frontier. Admiral Nlobogatoff, Admiral Smirnoff, and other high officers of tho Baltic Fleet, prisoners in Japan, have beeu permitted to go homo on jmrolo. Captain Boismnn, the captain of the Russian cruiser Porosvict, has died in Japan. Admiral Ilozhjcstvenski is nearly convalescent. Of 40 memorials td tho Mikado from indi viduals and associations, urging him not to ratify tho peace agreement, thero is one rrow six professors. They absolutely condemn the treaty on tho ground that it annuls the purpose of the war, as stated in tho declaration of hostilities. There is intense indignation among influential men who consider the treaty tho most intolcr-< able' indignity ever inflicted on a country noveC yet defeated. 1 Captain lwtehi, of the ill-fated Japnnesff battleship Mlknea. tried to commit suicide by. jumping from a window. Ho was seriously In jured. Ml'. TV. T. Stead, who is iu Russia, desires td arouse enthusiasm regarding the Duma by em phasising the advantages conceded. Fifteen thousand Persian workmen have hceff expelled from Baku, and many more expulsions, will follow. The West. Australian Agent-General, In a let ter to "The Times." protests against tho "Feonomlst's" Melbourne correspondent's im putation against tho honesty of the Labor Party. He states that when the Commonwealth's 95 per cent, ot British population ceases to bo honest, there should he misgivings as to tho honesty of the British rn.ee. Mr. Eeakin's immigration cable hns delighted General Booth, who is awaiting Mr. „eddon a reply before completing plans. Owing to tlio dcarncss of meat and otliefi necessaries, the employees of the Berlin elec trical engineering companies asked for an aa- vancc of 35 pflr cent, iu wages. The employers offered 5 per cent. Owing to al refusal to resume work, two companies nayo locked out 8000 men. Other trades threaten, ta strike. The deadlock in ilie Moroccan negotiations continues. It is expected that tho French Foreign Minister will suggest referenco to Tno Hague Arbitration Tribunal. A submersible vessel launched at Kiel is said to be an exact copy of a French submarine. It is alleged that plans were treasonably sold, to Germany. Lord Dudley, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, was capsized while sailing in a yacht on Loch Erne. Ho and Lwo friends were rescued just when about to sinlc. The Danish Minister for Agriculture has visi ted London to nrrahgc for the more rapid transit and better handling of Danish products. The Now Zealand rootDau team ueiwicu Bristol team on Saturday by seven goals two tries to nil. As a result of tho conference between Nor wegian and Swedish representatives at Karls- tadt, an agreement as to separation has been arrived at. On Saturday two brothers, George Nelson1 Kirkland (14) nnd Richmond Augustus Kirkland (12) were drowned in a clay-pit at Marrick- ville. The latter was trying to save his.youngen brother. ' Search parties on Snturday and Sunday failed to find any trace of Mrs. Kronke, who has been missing from Woodford since Saturday weelc. . Brigadier-General Gordon inspected the met ropolitan school cadets, now under canvas ab Sans Souci, on Saturday. He .was highly; pleased. Sir William Lyne, referring to tho fact that the cadets had to pay for their food, expresses the belief that the Federal Government will recoup them. Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan, M.L.A., on Saturday re. fcrred to Cardinal Moran, firstly as a churchy man, and secondly as a statesman and a loves of humanity and labor reform. Sir William Lyne is pleased that iron and steel arc to bo manufactured in tbe State. Tho arrangement, he says, resembles one he had In hand when Frontier. The Minister for Customs states that there is a feeling amongst Federal members that a duty, should take the placo of the proposed ironi bonus. The Federal Treasurer is inclined to favor Mr. Carruthers' proposal regarding payment to the States ot a fixed sum annually after tho expiration ot the Draddon clause. According to a report presented to the General Assembly of the Fresbyicrian Church of Aus tralia, sitting in Melbourne, there are 446,019 Presbyterians in the Commonwealth. ' As the outcome ot tho action for alleged wrongful imprisonment. Leigh v. Lynch, James Leigh (23), laborer, and his wife, have been charged with perfury. The four- year-old daughter of Mr. P. Howard, ' of Bigga, near Goulburn, was burned to death while playing before a kitchen lire. We publish to-day the classification of indus tries under the bill to amend the Industrial Arbitration Act, Introduced hy Mr. Wade (At torney-General). The hoards to be created by tho hill will con sist of a chairman, and not less than six nor more than IS members, to be determined by the Minister. While rushing to catch his hat James Sullt- vnn, hairdresser, fell over tho cliffs to the south' of tho Gap, Watson's Bay, yesterday. His akull was very badly fractured. . The Interesting ceremony of consecrating the Church of St. John the Evangelist, Darlinghurst, was performed by the Archbishop on Saturday. The Victorian Government dairy expert has circularised tho managers of the various butter factories, warning them against using borio acid or other preservatives in butter for export. A Temporary Supply Bill to-morrow In tho House of Representatives will afford an oppor tunity for some general criticism. Parliament has been sitting long enough to have enabled a fair proportion of business tq be done. So far tho record is almost a blank. No inkling has yet been afforded whethe? the Federal Government proposes to give effect to its declaration to bring forward a tangible scheme ot preferential trade. " Mrs. Eliabolh Ann Lancaster died at Fitzroy (Vic.) yesterday, at the age of 103 years and 11 months. The continued dry weather is causing muclf alarm among the canegrowers in the Bundaborg (Q.) district. Tiic 25 miles road cycling championship ot Australasia was won in Victoria on Saturday hy, W. E. Hawley. The sports held on Saturday in aid of thS Roynl Naval House were successful from all points except the main one — the attendance was poor. ' To-morrow will be tho 50th anniversary of tlio construction of the flrst public railway lino in this State. Wc publish an historio review of tho perio-1 to-day. In tho inter-Slate bowling competitions. Neu South Wales defeated Queensland at Mary borough on Saturday by 89 points to 87. The a'imun! match for the State schools foot ball championship of Australia (Australian rules) was won in Melbourne by Petersham (Sydney premiers) on Saturday. At the City Tatlorsall's races on Saturday, Paragon won the Hurdle Race. Other winners were Royal Arthur, Bienvcnue, Talofa, Tatter demalion, and Hadrian. In connection with the Hurdle Race tho liorsa Ronchy, the jockey E. J. O'Brien, and tho owner, D. U. Scaton, were disqualified for two years fop suspicious practices. The R.M.S. Ormuz, of the Orient-Pacific line, which sailed on Saturday, loaded 3E06 boxes of butter at Sydney, nnd 2449 boxes at Brlsbano. Tho first snlllng race of tho season took plac on Saturday, when Mr. T. M. Banks' Owoenee won tho Tort Jackson Skiff Club handicap. The llngslilp Euryalua. with Admiral Sir A. D, Funsbawe on hoard, left tho harbor yesterday, en route to Melbourne and Adolaido. During her slay in South Australian water the flagship will convey tho Governor to Port Lincoln. Tho R.M.S. Ventura, of the A. and A. lino, is duo hero to-day from San Francisco via ports. Tho P. and O. R.M.S. Britannia roachcd Adet laide yesterday afternoon, en routo from Lout don. Her mails nro duo hero to-morrow. Strong westerly, gqlea wero raging along tU< coast yesterday, 'j . HinpnHBsssBssii 