THE COMMONWEALTH. CHESS TELEGRAMS. use op special wire refused. MELBOURNE, Sunday. — The Postmaster-Gen eral has at last decided to refuse the applica tion of the Chess Associations of Now South Wales and Victoria for tho use of a special wiro for the liitcr-Stnto match, which was to take place to-morrow. Chess matches of an international character aro held between Eng- I land and the United States, and between tho j members of tho Parliaments of tho two na- i tions, and the cable companies have always ' afforded the most ample facilities. The match i between Victoria and New South Wales has i been a fixture for many years. No trouble was ' experienced before. Senator Drake and Mr. ; Mahon both allowed the use of the wire, on 1 condition that the messages were paid for at j press rates, and were transmitted for publica tion. The same course was proposed to be i followed in the present instance. Mr. Sydney Smith had two consultations with the Crown Solicitor, and then got a written opinion from him. The opinion showed that there was no obstacle in the way, as long as the messages | were transmitted for publication, wlrch, of | course, they were to be. Some further difficulty appears to have arisen, and Mr. Smith, who was still dubious about his powers, finally closed the matter by refusing his permission. excise officials. Regulations have been adopted prescribing uniform working hours for excise officials throughout the States. The ordinary working days arc to be "all days excepting Sunduys and public holidays." The .hours for officers "super vising tho delivery or manufacture of goods in nnv fn i» m»v nr fl Is t i 1 lnrv. or KiinorvlslllCT any i operations carried on unilor tho Excise Acts | and regulations," will be S a.m. to 5 p.m., ex cepting Saturdays, when work is to cc-aso at . noon. Tho Collector in each State is given authority to sanction in special casos any eight hours in 24 as the official working time. For overtime work anil work on Sundays and holidays the rate is to bo 2s per hour, except ' between JO p.m. and G a.m.. when the rate Is to be 3s rcr hour. If the practice is to carry work , on continuously nlgliL and day, however, ovcr- j timo rates will not be allowod to excise offl- cers, unless thoy are- engaged between noon on Saturday and G a.m. on Monday, or on public holidays. arbitration act. A number of railway organisations have taken alarm at tho objection yaf the Fcdorated Amal gamated Government Hallway and Tramway j Services Associations of Australasia to regis tration under the Arbitration Act of the Ser vices Association of New South Wales. It has i been contended by the larger body that it is an association to which tho members of tho other unions may conveniently -belong. Other associations are apprehensive that the federated amalgamated body mny attempt to secure sole registration. Tho question Is to como boforo tho Registrar. prohibited immigrants. In an appeal caso in AVest Australia, Mr. Justice Burnstde reversed a decision of a petty session court at Fremantlo confirming the Cus toms officials in having prohibited the admission of a number of Chlnnmon. When tho Chinamen arrived the Customs officer tested them In a language which they did not understand. Mr. Justlco Burnsido said that he failed to see that it was an intelligent thing to a6k a China man to wrlto a statement in a language that tho officer knew that he wns not conversant with. Mr. M'Lean will probably have tho caso carried to tho High Court. He expressed sur prise at tho reasons given by the judge. Tho object of the law was to keep out undesirable immigrants, ho points out, and to use any language as tho test. Tho education test was merely a form — in the Houso of Representatives it was called by Its opponents a subtorfuge — to suit the views of tho Imperial Government. This was the famous section In which tho Bar ton Government was accused of having answer ed "Yea" to Mr. Chamberlain. alleged defrauding of the customs. In the report of the Butter Commission the attention of the Minister for Customs was directed to a statement by an ex- employco of J. Bartram and Son, that the revonue had been defrauded. It was asserted that the storeman had possession of the key of the bond, and the butter was manipulated so as to secure draw backs for less weight than was declared in the entry. .Two officers who were in charge of the bond at the time declare that there was no foundation for tho statement. The bond keyB wore never out of their possession except when thoy were given to the storeman to open the door, Tho officers were present all the time. Ten officers were subpoenaed by the Commis sioner, and were in attendance for soveral daj's, but were never called upon to give evidence. Some astonishment is expressed by the De partment at tills. The charges were absolutely denied by the storeman. Mr. M'Lean is satis fied from the papers in the case that there is no truth In the allegation that the Customs De partment has been defrauded. new appointments. 1 The exequator empowering Mr. Ludlow W". Maroker to act as Danish Consul in Sydney has received the King's signature. The appointment of Mr. W. Bingle, Chief Clerk in the Home Department, to that as Fed eral Chief Electoral Officer has been gazetted. James Borrie has been appointed divisional returning officer for the Richmond, vice B. J. Martin, resigned. The following Registrars have been appointed: Patrick Edward Sleard, Nangunnia; Thomas Ross, Homebush; Arthur John Crossley, Mer- rowie Creek; William J. E. Moore, Cranbroolc James I-Illl Morrow, Bimbi; Leslie J. Schod- trumpf, Collengullie; Annette Lillian Kelle, Rcd- lilll; Win. James Robison, Yfcoralo; Walter Scott M'Niven, Harporary; Barbara Robinson, Apple Tree Flat; Frank George Plttock, Thal- garrah; Cecilia May Rbeba Wells, Gol Gol; Chas. Chrlchton, Wecdallion; John Wyse, Goorimpa; Dora Parkor, Uley; Chas. Brown, Rocky Glen; Richard! Grccnbank, Joadja; Edward Robert Eamcs, Burwood; Geo. Jas. Finlayson, Gough- town; Ohas. Edward Archer, Blaclcgate; James Smith, Ganoo station. The appointment of John W. Daniel as divi sional returning officer for Werrlwa during tho absenco of the pormanent offlcor Is to take effect from May 1. In accordance with the Treasurer's new ar rangement for administering the working of the audit branch of the Federation, the positions required to be filled are being formally adver tised. miscellaneous. Tho Home Affairs Department Is endeavoring to secure a suitablo site for a post office at Kaloomba. Tho tender of A. R. Coleman, of Smlthfleld, has been accepted for tho erection of 33 miles of now wooden polo telephone lino between Moree and Garah, via Ashley and Wallon, at £19 a mile, with £2 a mile for additional wire, if required. Other tenders have been accepted as follows: Eight miles of wooden telephone line botwoen Cataract dam and Wonsons, at £14 a mile, A. R. Coleman, Smlthfleld; various repairs, telegraph line, between Young and Grcnfell, C. Childs and H. Callow, Forbes; repairs to telegraph line between Bourko and Louth. James Maxwell, Bourko. An explanation has been demanded by i the Postmaster-General of the reasons for dispen sing with the services of a number of temporary employees In the Melbourne Post-office. The volumo of Federal statutes for last ses sion has just been issued. It has been edited, by Mr. R. R. Garran, secretary to the Attorney- General's Department. 