NEWS AND NOTES. Unions are invited to financially assist the U.L.P. Brass Band. The Englishman's house is his castle, but his stomach is his "own funeral." United Labor Party Band will assist at the mass meeting at the Botanic Park on Sunday afternoon. Over 10,000 people were killed on the private-owned American railways last year, and 84,000 wouded. Man's sensibility to small things and his insensibility to great things indicate a strange derangement.—Pascal. The public may be permitted to understand the Tramway case in the course of a few months, or years, or . Goodwood Democratic Association has secured the help of the U.L.P. Band for the concert in aid of the association funds on Friday next. Don't live a single hour of your life without doing exactly what is to be done in it, and going straight through it, from beginning to end. In connection with the slander of Australia, which appeared in an American paper, will Mr. Solomon, M.P., refer to the " New York Herald" as an " obscure rag"? The Hon. Alfred Catt, M.P., is proving true the statements of his friends, that if not given the Chairmanship of Committees he would be an implacable and wily foe. Mr. W. D. Johnson, member for Kalgoorlie, has been elected leader of the Westralian Labor Party in succession to Mr. Daglish, who, for private reasons, seceded. The " Summary" of what is done in Parliament, under the heading of "Essence of Parliament" in the "Register," is at times cruelly unfair to Labor members. Mr. Cohen, M.P., continues to champion Mr.Sowden, editor of the "Register," anent that awful slander of Australia, in which Islington workshop employees are cruelly vilified. General Booth's recommendation to all who could earn a comfortable living to stay in the old country, gives some indication of the class of immigrants he proposed to send out here. The wicked attempt of politican Cohen to misrepresent a Labor member, proved to be a dismal failure. His own followers (1) in politics were disgusted with the shocking exhibition. Owing to a fire on premises where members of the Grand Junction Local Committee were wont to hold their meetings, the next gathering will not take place until Monday, 30th inst. Representatives Mauger and Johnson have introduced a Bill of two clauses. The second and operative clause prohibits the sale of intoxicants on military premises, in camps, or canteens: Penalty, £25. There was no garish report in the ** Register" about that matter of slandering Australia. How discreet some journalists can be when their own friends are involved. The great Conservative suppress ! Labor-member Goode and his brothers scooped the pool at a couple of Northern agricultural shows for prize sheep. Some of the old squatters who oppose Labor have not yet regained their normal condition. The landowner sits idle while the Edisons, the Stephensons, the Jacquards, Maudsleys, Bessemers, and the thousands of skilled workers expand a sleepy village into a thriving town ; but when the town is built and trade is flourishing he steps in to reap the harvest. He raises the rent.— Robt. Blatchford. We fine a man for getting drunk and misbehaving himself; but if he keeps sober and adds a couple of rooms to his cottage we fine him so much a year for the rest of his life. We're a great people. —"Taxation." Sunlight is a splendid cosmetic. Seek the sunlight is the advice of all present\x=req-\ day hygienists. Patients on the sunny side of the hospital ward recover soonest. Sleep in rooms where the sun has shed its rays all day. Ex-Premier Butler and ex-member Shannon have entered into partnership in the horse, cattle, and sheep auctioneer business. They are also prepared to " knock down" other sundry articles on payable commission. The men who challenged the social maxims of 300 years ago were burned at the stake. Two hundred years ago they were excommunicated, 100 years ago execrated, to-day they are called Socialists. —Rev. A. H. Collins. Judge Heydon, of New South Wales, appears to have been appointed to the Arbitration Court for the purpose of crushing the Act and making glad the hearts of sweaters and capital; at any rate, that will be the result of his work. In addition to making repeated and unwarrantable personal attacks upon Labor- member Roberts, Mr. Cohen, M.P., evinces a spiteful and quite uncalled for attitude towards the Hon. L. O'Loughlin, Commissioner of Crown Lands. The Conservative member for Adelaide deliberately attempted to misrepresent Labor-member Vaughan over adjournments of the Land Values Assessment Bill. A direct and ready denial from the Torrens member resulted in a speedy climb down by the would-be detractor. Admiral Fanshawe's itinerancy of the States has been chiefly marked by a distinct desire to secure an increased Naval Subsidy. Vice-Admiral Fawkes, who is soon to succeed the former, has no doubt strict orders in the same direction. The question to be asked in connection with that slander of Australia is: did Mr. Sowden, after seeing the "New York Herald," write a categorical or indeed any denial of what he privately referred to as a " ghastly misrepresentation of a casual chat." Mr. Alf Sexton, well known in musical circles as an able conductor, has been appointed bandmaster of the IJ.L. P. Brass Band. Mr. Sexton at one time led the Loco. Band, and was in charge of that splendid band when it carried off the second prize at the Ballarat competition. Mr. Sexton invites applications for membership. The band must be forty-five strong. It is comical to watch the struggle for supremacy among certain members of the Opposition, namely, Messrs. Butler, Foster, Solomon, and Cohen. The two latter run a neck-and-neck race for notoriety. Mr. Catt hangs on to the quartet, with an eye to future possibilities. One of the quiet members, yet most effective from the true Opposition point of view, is Mr. Tucker. A respectable, but Conservative, voter of Sturt took his three little ones to see the fete at Government House. Returning home the gay little party passed the statue of Stuart in King William Street. Said the little six-year old lady, gazing up at the great explorer cut in stone, " Papa, is that the King?" "No," said papa; "that's not the King." '*18 it Mr. Price?" then asked the little one. Papa hurried the children on. Some 49 American and Canadian white girls have been trapped and sent to China, where they were sold to wealthy Chinese for the purpose- of recruiting harems. This should please the Conservatives of Australia who are ever howling for the introduction of coloured aliens and the mixing of races. Chinese slaves will come here and do the work, as in South Africa, our men will be thrown out of work, and thus be unable to provide homes; while girls will be sold to wealthyj^Chinese harem keepers. n'-rpAxn/C! AniT' The Hon. E. Lucas thus :—" It was an evil day, not only for the State but for the Commonwealth, when any Government were dominated by an outside and irresponsible body."—Mr. Lucas must have been thinking of the past few years when the Government was dominated by the irresponsible Defence League. In rich, happy, and prosperous Britain 10 per cent, are paupers, 10 per cent, are rich beyond all precedent, and beyond all reason, while 60 per cent., whose toil supports all the rest, receive on an average 5s. per week below the minimum of decency and comfort.—Rev. A. H. Collins. Probably Booth's primary object in offering to export 5,000 families to Australia (says the 14 Bulletin") was to secure for the Salvation Army a heavy payment of head money as commission. That, at any rate, was the basis of an arrangement he proposed to make with the Westralian Government in 1903. The bonus in that case was to be £3 for married men and £5 for families of five, and was to become payable after the immigrants had remained for six months on the land kindly provided by a paternal Government. What Australia really does need, according to Sydney "Bulletin," in the way of agricultural immigrant, is & sprinkling of well-trained men; it is already handicapped with too many who don't know the business, and haven't any fixed idea that there is any business to know. It would pay Australia to import and scatter model farmers, British, German, or Danish, who would make model farms ; it would be a positive curse to import cockney unemployed to lower the already low level of Australian farming. 