gtifoitt ft jumias fjimtri. ' For Ilia man Itwt Uoke Hitnenm. for the wroni tbtl need! cnltlum, C\n the ruan Is the OMuiM, A»« he root thit mam 4.0.' SATURDAY. JUNE 24, 1905. POLITICAL. It is difficult to gather from the speeches of Ministers the exact position of affairs, but it seems assured that under the most favorable conditions there will be a slight addition to the floating deficit, and for which Ministers are not to blame. No one could foresee the falling off in the Bailway Department's returns nor provide against the destruction of bridges by the recent storms, and which will of necessity have to be repaired out of the State funds. But neither the Treasurer nor the Premier can say with any degree of certainty what will be the revenue requirements of the next finan cial year, and the avowed intention of the Government not to make the Finan cial Statement until late next month, or early in August, cannot be cavilled at, except for party purposes. What is re quired is that the affairs of the State shall be placed on sound commercial lines, and that the expenditure shall be kept within the bounds of the probable Income. It will be far bettor to have a email surplus year after year than to go the other way, steadily piling up the {bating debt. It is to be regretted that the report of the Civil Service Commis sion will not be ready until after the meetingof Parliament, because it is not to be expected that Ministers can give that attention to this BUbject which is of vast importance during the sitting of the House. It would, therefore, appear certain that the Treasurer will not be able to propose retrenchment measures to any extent to take effect during the next financial year. The only one that is at all apparent is the reduction of the membership of the Legislative Council to fifteen, and that of the Assembly to twenty-five. That wight to be acceptable to the Legis lative Council if there is any sincerity iu the oft-repeated statement that it is ready to aid in reducing the expendi ture. With the reduced number of members and the adoption of the Federal electoral districts, it will follow as a necessary corollary that the Hare Clark system of voting will be adopted. It is on that ground that the strongest opposition wlU be encountered, because there is a fear that this will give all power to any organised body. There are opponents to the preferential system of voting to be found among all partieB, while in the Oouncil, unless a change has come over members, it will re ceive a short shrift. The coming ses sion is one that is particularly adapted for dealing with the elec toral question, as in a few months the Assembly muet by law be dissolved and expense would be saved by not leaving it to the new Parliament. From the Premier's remarks there will be nothing of a startling character pro posed. The Mining Bill will be the first to be taken in hand, also an amend ment of the Crown Lands Act. These, together with the reduction in the! number of members, will fully occupy attention until the delivery of the Budget Statement if the measures are to receive the consideration their im portance deawves. While opposed to undue haste, it is sincerely to be hoped that every effirt will be put forth in order that the Oouncil may have the Bills before it at au early date, and be deprived of the excuse that the session is too far advanced for sach Bill* to be considered. Members are, no doubt, preparing for their legislative duties, and it is to be trusted that when Parliament assembles there will be an immediate settling down to work, and let one session of the Parliament be of a satis factory and h-npfinial rhamc'er. Au undelivered telegram for Winifred Uver awaits a claimant at the Telegraph Office. The following nominations were re ceived by tbe Strabau Town Board for two vacant seats :— MeBsra. L. Dehle, G. Martin, W Purden, A. Abbott. The election is to take place on Wednesday. MrG. H. Beid, speaking at Qeelong on Wednesday night, predicted he would have a considerable leaee of power, as tbe men opposed to him had not had sufficient experience yet to govern the Commonwealth. The Victorian Premier (Mr Bent), in a policy speech before his constituents on Wednesday night, aaid that the rail way revenue this year would, after pay ing all interest and other charges, give a profit oi £30,000. He estimated he would have a surplus on the consoli dated revenue of £439,000 During tbe year £164 000 in loans had been raised, but £220,000 loan moneys had been re deemed. For tbe first t'tne In the his tory of the S'ate the redemptions had exceeded the borrowings. The gold won last year was valued at three millions and a quarter, an amount which had only been exceed three times in 22 years. Mr Bent illustrated his speech with dU lolvlng views. ' Cold bleak we.ther, with showers at Intervals of hail and rain, prevailed yes terday The mountains were (now capped, and at Dundaa snow remained on the road. According to the meteoro logists unsettled north-westerly weather may be expected for the next day or two. There 1b a right and a wrong way of performing even eo simple an operation as washing the face. To ecrub vigorously with -a loofah, polish it with soap, and use hot water will probably have the effect of causing the ekin to burn, orank. become inflamnd, and, very shioy. Che beBt medium for applying soap to the face is, according to a celebrated skin specialist, the hands, which should be lathed with mild soap and rubbed over the face, the water used bsiog lukewarm or warm. Then, it iB urged, the face should be dipped in a basin of fresh water and rinsed with tbe hands. Moat women, however, will prefer to use a sponge. It is the failure to use freeh water when rinsing the face that com plexion specialists complain of chiefly, in regard to the mode of bathing gene rally adopted. The work of delivering tbe Ability Tax judgments is occupying the attention of the police just now, and when com pleted it will be found that in numerous instances the parties required have re moved to one of the other States, or to parts unknown. Speaking of the Ability Tax, it ia not the purpose of the Trea surer to propose any amendments to the Act, considering that it should be given another year's trial, as so far it nas not had a fair test. At the eame time it is admitted that there are some defects which could with advantage be amended. However, the Treasurer would prefer to suffer these for another year than have tbe financial question brought op agafa Turning to the Premier's utterances, it would appear that there must be addi tional taxation imposed. When the Budget Speech is delivered we shall all know what is proposed Men who have seen much fightio(t are always diffident about talking of them selves. Incidents of the frontier fighting in India during 1697 were only with difficulty obtained from the wounded men who were sent Home to Netley Hospital. Private Lever, of the Bluffs, told a story of the fight In which he was hit, when General Jeffreys, with the mountain battery and escort, were hemmed in a village all night, by thou sands of Mobmnnds. The wounded were lying under a wall, exposed to torrents of rain and showers of stones, which the enemy hurled down at them from houses near. It seemed impossible that any relieving force could come to their aid before daybreak, or that the handful of Bluffs conld hold out much longer— the ammunition was running short. Then Private Lever heard one officer ask another, ' How many ehote have you got in your revolver?'1 'Only two,' was the reply. ' Then don't waste them, old chap; keep one fur me, the other for yourself.' The steamer Guthrie, from Singapore, vu Java and British New Guinea, Captain Todd, states that after the Guthrie cleared Banca Straits a Dutch warship came in sight and shadowed the Guthrie to Batavia, ke spine astern 200 yards. The following day tbe Guthrie cast off at Batavia for Aus tralia, and the warship again followed, until Samarang was reached. Here the Guthrie anchored with the war vessel oloae alongside. In the evening the voyage was continued, and again the Dutch vessel followed 200 raids away. Che vigilance of tbe man-of-war was not relaxed until the vessel reached Soura hAVA. thn firlnnln*! t.nnrn in Tan nntl then the Dutch warship swung round and disappeared. The Sultan of Gau, one of the Celebes Islands, has declared war against the Netherlands, and the Guthrie was suspected of carrying arms to the insurgents. The Sultan has been collecting arms and ammunition for the past twenty yean, and the Dutch are mobilising troops, and preparing to send an expedition to the island. Among the passengers for Fremantle in the R.M.8. Ortona, which arrived there on the 8th inet , Were one Swedish and six Danish immigrants, who were entered on the list as laborers, and were aent to Fremantle by the Agent-General'a Office. The men are 'all young, seemingly about 21 years of age, and are agricul tural laborers.- They are under the leadership of a Swede named Knudsen. who ie a skilled dairyman. A Govern ment officer from the statistical office, introducing himself to the men, took them to Perth. He said that work had been Becnrei by the Government for them should they care to accept it. The men, the Perth ' ' Morning Herald ' states, came to Western Australia on very favorable conditions. They paid only £6 10s, or half the fare, the other hall being defrayed by the Government. The leader, Knudsen, bad a letter from the Agent G«neral's Offloe stating that arrangements had been made with the Orlent- Paoific line for them to secure tickets at half fare. The tickets, how ever, showed that the full fare had been paid. The Federal immigration authori ties appeared to be somewhat suspicions, but as the men stated they had no written contract, they could not take any steps in regard to them. It is understood thit more DaniBh and Swedish laborers of the eame class are to be sent out to Frem -ntle shortly. An interesting narrative was related by the Rev. Fred. PrieBr, York, England, at the Independent Hall, Melbourne. In tbe course of his lecture entitled, ' Work Among the Workers in York,' Mr Priest told of the establishment and wonderful expansion of tbe adult sohool movement initiated some 60 years ago in the cathedral town by the Society of Friends, and which to-day claims 60,000 scholars, chiefly men. vho meet In lofts, oottegea, erstwhile public houses, and in tbe houses of the well-to-do. The echoo's, he eaid, are thoroughly unaeo tarian and 'absolutely democratic,' being supported also by voluntary subscriptions. The men are helped spiritually, intellectually, and physically by means of Bible classes, libraries, literary and debating societies and clubs, where they may enjoy billiards, chess, draughts, and even cards. Technical schools were about to be established in connection with the movement when Mr Priest left England. A vote of thanks to the lecturer was oarried, on tbe motion cf Mr R. A. Crouch. M.P . who declared that the churches of Aus tralia would soon have to take up tbe kind of work that had been described, and to recognise tbe workers, who were, iu thie Btate at any rate, the moat earnest political students. If the chu-cb did not lead io this work, he eaid, it would have to follow. The Rev Pro fessor Gosman, who presided, urgad the audience to give consideration to tbe possibility of the establishment and maintenance of adult school* for the workers of Melbourne. . If b young man without capital wishes to get on in commercial life he should make a polut of knowing as much as possible of big own particular line of business, and of everything conneoted with it. Wbeo be thinks of the m iay labor and Uma-savlng device) which science has introduced into the world of oommerce, and of tbe nomerouB and varied operations incidental to the buy ing and selling, importing and exporting of goods, a youth will at once perceive the necessity of a wide knowledge of modern business methods, should he nsplre to become a captain in tbe field of commerce, and assist in developing and extending trade at home and abroad. Yonng men desiring assistance in this llrectlon should join the class in com mercial subjeoti at tbe School of Minn. 