QUBLOmOIlEllEE f Emigration Question. imperial Labour Conference. Co-operative Farming, "(From Our Own Correspondent.) ..'LONDON, September 1,- EMIGRATION QUESTION. Several articles arid letters halve ap peared in the London Press this week on film emigration question. 1 quote an ex- itracl or two from the, letter of. an cmi- nciit. mtLir, who is regarded as an author ity on tlm mat ter. Dealing with the pro- \- Worn of tho poor,, the writer goes on to Y «uy : "As Groat Britain lias such exten sive countries us Australia, New Zealand, Canada; and others wanting population, a i 'national effort should he made to assist itlie -emigrant. The existing conditions o' living in the niotlmi' country (1 have had ilarge experience of'thc Australian colonics) do -not' give the poor a fair chance. J. .would suggest that' His Majesty's Govern-, mcnt should invite the .ITcmicrs of the .various colonics to meet the British Par liament in conference. There is no doubt (that each colony would gladly welcome a number of their English cousins. But tlm 4iifflcuity is to get them there, and in this ithe colonics could well assist., for any money judiciously applied to thai purpose, iwp.uld speedily repay itself. CHANCE AND A PROSPECT. ''In a new country," continues Mm (Writer, "and under far better conditions, ttlie poor people who are now iu want at home would have a real chunccj and a 1 chance Willi- an encouraging prospect. The new settlers should receive assistance for ithe first yeitr, till their crops grow. / I-. v In most of tile colonies tlm climatc Ss good, the air being very pure, with little variation in the temperature of many of them. Both New Zealand . and Australia have thousands of miles of const- dine uninhabited, with water and fuel in abundance. What with lisli, fruit, vege tables, grain, Ac., to lie. had for the labour of ii, lie would indeed Im a hope less man who could not keep. -himself and family. . . . Tho British make good colonists, and seem to be able to adapt themselves to any temperature. 1 have known English miners to work 1,000 fact below the surface, in a temperature that natives horn in the country could./ not stand, and during a sea voyage in tlm j tropics, firemen (Loiulonders) endured tlie i intense heat in the stokehole while coloured firemen had to lie carried on deck to revive. I think with men of that stamp— and there are thousands of them who would he only too glad to get to the colonies— there need be no fear about their succeeding, if assisted to emigrate, and given a fair start; on the land. Let the Australian. colonics look lo it in their own best interests!" IMPERIAL LABOUR CONFERENCE. A scheme is on foot to bring about an Imperial Eahoiir Conference. '"Mr. J. R. Macdunald, secretary of the Labour Re presentation Committee for England, has brought' it forward, ' ii rid Mm proposal is attracting considerable - altcntiun. it 'is liow. under the consideration of tlm Labour .Representation Committee, hut. nothing definite will, he decided upon until the other labour organised inns in the country have replied 1o an invitation to co-oper ate in the scheme. Tim. idea has met .with simli warm and general approval, however, that it is .confidently expected all the labour . unions will join in the effort; to bring it td'-a successful /M. Sir. Macdonalil's proposal is to ithrcc representative labour leaders, 7io imK»xuaaM.,ii.aa»gasic»giraBn3gBawgag«a.Mi ismi.i ui mi. should make a tour of the. colonies. Tiiey would visit Canada and New Zealand, and tliun go on to Australia ; and if it was found that; labour was sufficiently well or ganised in tsouth Africa., a visit might also be paid to the. colonies there. Steps would lie taken to have the conference or ganised with all due formality, and it would he in every way of a .responsible character. The. Socialists of the Labour party— and 1 think the majority of them are Socialists— take to themselves', much of tlm credit tor tlie present good under standing that prevails between Franco and England, and assort that it was only after the groundwork had been laid by them that the aristocratic and governing classes took up the matter. Tlie Labour party are- anxious that the entente col-- diale should not lie merely between Great Britain and continental countries, but be tween the British Empire and European nations. One of tlie objects of the confer- .euce would- lie lo tiring the LABOUR FORCES OF THE EMPIRE INTO LINE with cacli other. In an interview, Mr. Macdonald remarked that it was prac tically certain the Colonial Conference next year would discuss Mr.' Chamber lain's ' fiscal proposals, and he did not want, the Labour parly in the colonies to lie captured bv' the protectionists, if in dividual colonics chose lo adopt protec tion, that; was their affair, 'and jio at- Vempt would lie made (o interfere with their domestic policy ; hut tlicy wanted to organise tlm, , Labour party 'throughout Mm colonies, with reference to any lm-. pei'ial protectionist policy. "Kiscalitis " (adopting Mm new term) "would not," said Mr. Macdonald, "he the only ques tion thai would engage the attention ot tliu coming conference. Labour legisla tion, factory laws, and land laws in Mm colonies could lie pvofilalilt inquired iniYi, and the report, of Mm deputation on those mallei's would he a valuable guide to tlie | Labour parly in England in their future \- work for reform. In this way, an Im perial Labour party might be evolved. I Tlie Labour Conference would lie on simi- 1 Jar lines to the Colonial Conference to he held in England, except that, instead of | a fixed meeting-place, the delegates from this country would visit the colonies in j turn. At present, \liowevor, nothing de finite had been fixed; although it might; he said that the propositi had been approved.''- CO-OPERATIVE FARMING. A large party of Yorkshire farmers is about to pay a visit to Denmark, with the object of witnessing and investigating . the unproved .methods' of co-operation which have proved so profitable lo the Danish farmers. Our farmers may well I do so, and get a lesson if they can, for the quantity of dairy produce Denmark I sends to the United Kingdom is enor- mous. The party will leave next week, and will travel via Harwich for Esbjerg, which tlmy will reach on Friilny night. On 1 tlm following Monday thc.imilk farms and depots in the district, of Copenhagen will he visited. During tlm week, the dele gates will visit 1-iasley, when one of the largest eo-operativ,e dairies in Denmark, dealing with the milk iroui 4,500 coivs, or considerably over 3,000,000 gallons a year, will lie inspected. Tlie membership of this co-opcrat.ivc dairy is made up or large estate owners, each having from 150 to 250 cows. Butter and cheese making are important departments, especi ally cheese-making at Ti'ifoliam, where the buildings and equipment cost nearly , £60,00(1. 'SUCCESS OF THE PEACE I CONFERENCE. All that part of tlie civilised world which believes iu tlie progress of mankind, will rejoice that peace has, after all, been made, and under circumstances which convey a great lesson to the nations. Japan's action, will, of course, he mis understood and' misconstrued, hut I feel confident that presently . the more her action is calmly considered, the more it will he seen lo have been dictated by a profoundly wise and prudent statesman ship. it. ,will be" said, no doubt, that Japan lias given herself away, and that Russia has bluffed her out of her rights. Tim. Russians will boast ami iiuiince that tlicy have won a great diplomatic victory, anil Mint the Japanese have wisely with drawn, while they were ublo to do so. Bui with tho real facts before the world, Japan can well afford to treat, all such misrepresentation as this with contempt. JAPANESE STATESMANSHIP. At. the same time, t do not believe for a moment llial. .Japan has made the con cessions which assured peace entirely from motives of magnanimity. While giving her all credit for licr moderation, it is uhvious that her statesmen considered tile situa tion, and the interests of their country, from a broad couimonsuiisu point of view. Willi a record of unbroken victory by sea and land, ever .since thu war began ; Willi her armies and ileuts occupying advanta geous positions and above all, with tlie dominant fact that site had already se cured all she demanded or Russia, and all slio drew Uie sword to obtain, her rulers probably thought— and if so, - justly thought— that Japan could afford to make peace, retiring from the struggle with a brilliant reputation for all that goes to make a nation great. THE FUTURE, i Gn tlie other hand,.. Japan had to con sider that if tlie conference failed, Uie war might go on for several years, seriously draining her of men ami money ; that ou her pni;t lhe war would be continued for no adequate purpose, since she liad got all she wauled; and that it was not im possible that tlie fortune of war might tiiru. But now Japan's leading position in tlie far east liad been assured ; Russia hud threatened her interests and security, hut had been driven hack, and . her en croachments in Korea and Manchuria effectually stopped. From this point of view further bloodshed -would lie culpable. It is said that Japan, by. her conces sions, has left herself open to the danger of . a war of retaliation a few, years hence. As 1 to that, it may he observed that. Russia will lutvc learnt to change her views of Japan; that before many years have passed, Russia may possess a freer and more enlightened form of Government ; . and that in the meantime Japan will not rail, with her newly-acquired advantages, and her rapid national development, to fortify herself against; any such future emergency. Happily, there; is at least one common ground of satisfaction at the ic- sull of the conference, i he saving of life, and the prevention of unutterable suffer ing and misery on both sides, j CANADIAN CREAMERY. The -largest ''-creamery' yet formed ill Canada, says a British agricultural 'jour nal of- high repute, is being organised at Montreal, under the name of the Cana dian Produce Company, Limited! capita lised at 250,000 dollars. Toronto, Mont real, London, uud Hamilton capitalists arc interested, and a Dominion charter lias been' applied for. Tbe company wilt operate a creamery' in tlie vicinity of Montreal, having a daily capacity of 20,000 lbs. of butter. It Will' export butter largely to Great Britain, and will ship also eggs and poultry. The company will introduce the system ot collecting cream at a centralised creamery, and cream will lie expressed by farmers within a radius of 100 miles, Most of t!ie< capital stock lias been . subscribed, and thi\ company' will probably commence opera tions soon after receiving a 'charter,' It I is added that when litis ernamecy is fully established, others will lm started on ; similar lines.in other parts of Canada. | BEANS VERSUS BEEF, j Now is the vegetarians' chance. While lithe and sinewy Japanesn wrestlers have been staggering big and hl'nwny English men, while stecl-muselcd Japanese sol- I diers have been fighting against gigantic | Russians in' Manchuria, we have had ob ject lessons that can never lie surpassed of tlie value, of tho' earth's products as a means of building up tlie physique. The European must he led to understand Hint the Japanese can give hint beans, simply because Mio .Japanese' live oil beans. It appears from u fuller that litis been printed in tho "Times," and is' dotted all over with figures and analyses, that tlie Japanese body is mainly developed on soya, and its products'.' Soya is bean grown in Japan and Manchuria, but not obtainable in England. It cau be tnudo into many kinds of soups and dishes, and contains, so wo are told, an astonishing amount of everything good and wholo- Boinu— sufliojlcat,. At adjt rttiOj ;ts j>uji Acel and mutton entirely in the shade Yl am afraid this- is an exaggeration. As a correspondent/Writing on tho. subject says; "We may . grant that tho. results, as ; demonstrated, arc admirable— for tho : Japanese. But it will take many vfcge- i tariars to convinco Uie Englishman that they would bo equally admirable if ' he- forsook the diet of his father, for the marvellous soya bean. What is meat to tlie Japanese might lie mere beans to us.'i ; EMIGRATION RETURNS. -By a Board of Trade return, issued yes-! tcrilay, it appears that between 21st December, 1004, and 31st July, 1005, 67,240 persons of British-.. origin;; cmi-. grated to Canada, an increase of >10,000 over the number of British emigrants during the corresponding period last year.; Australasia took 6,325, an ' increase of nearly 500 on tho seven months in. the. previous year.- The emigration. to.. India showed a . decrease dfi 278";' the; number- being 1,421. Other British- colonics re ceived 2,078 British immigrants. Tho total numbor of Britons who left tho mother :, country for tho colonics , was 80,0'4G, an increase of about '10,000.: over tho same" period last year..- Those- who- went , to foreign countries numbered 70,864, of whom the United States rc- ceivdil 67,728. The total number- or emi grants for. the seven morilhs-iinder teview wits 150,009, inn- increase ; of ,-13,447,'. com pared 7witiil',.'the: ffcorresponding ' , .seven' inontiis!Jas.t year.'.' t'j ' \ A- STEP IN fTHEVRIGHT jqiRECTION. A wise and prudent clrculirtwas' issued the other day by the Ceutrhl? Education -Board, directing that the children in all the public schools shall in Hhturc _ be regularly (taught in matters ,ofj,yhygiene and . : tqmpcran'ce. But when ;F , read the document-l could not help '.Wishing- 'it had goac a step furthyr and adopted the prac tice observed, nay, not merely observed, but N enforced liy law— i'n every public school in the United. States, wliero the injurious cffects 'of alcohol on the human system are demonstrated by chemical ex periments, in the regular course: of in struction.. You must .'clearly' understand that this instruction is' not optional or voluntary, it is absolutely compulsory in every State in the union. . " "'! Some week or two ago ; Sjr : Wilfrid Lawson, M.P., president of- tlie, -United Kingdom Alliance, and other gentlemen, held a reception at the Caxton Hall, Westminster, to welcome seveyalV. dis tinguished temperance reformers, who hail come over from America on a visit to Great Britain; I was present on the oc casion, and I have more than once re gretted that the grciut pressure ..of, public events about the time prevented fuller re ports of -the reception in the newspapers. For, apart from the temperance question, the speeches ot tlie Americans, ladies anil gentlemen alike, were or a very important character from a purely educational and moral point- of view. Professor Dickie, principal of. one. of the finest college. in the United States, 'Dr. and Mrs. Alison, of New York, anil others declared em phatically thai in all' the rounfl ot moral leaching -and persuasion iu America, no greater preventive of intemperance among Hie people was to he found than in the one school . lesson to which I have re ferred. I (lo not know whether the in struction -is given . in Jho schools of Queensland, if- so you arc ahead of us, and if not the hint may lie of service. SUICIDE OF AN .AUSTRALIAN BROKER. An inquest was held in London yester day on " the body of Mr. Thomas 1-1. Baxter, aged 45, 'who Was described as an Australian, broker,-'' ami' .who lived in Fortune Green road, West Hampslcad. Mrs. Baxter identified the body ot her husband, who, she said, carried on busi ness in the city and. had' large business' transactions with different 'parts of Aus tralia. She had known him since Easier, and had been married to him four weeks. In the "spring lie suficrciMrom dysentery, and had since then .been very nervous. Their honeymoon was spent iu Devon and Cornwall. 'During the first ten days he seemed lo he all light, but during the latlcr part' of tlie lime, he was very rest less and suffered . from insomnia. For four days before, l-hcy .came home, he was in bed, hut lie bore thp journey home very well on Thursday, and . on Friday he went out to see his mother. Dr. Monk saw him in the morning .and prescribed for hiin. In the evening he had dinner and went to bed early. At 10 o'clock she gave him some hot milk and whisky. I-lc did not say much, nnd she thought lie was despondent. He had suffered from fits of despondency., but, he had never threatened to take liis life. ' He slept alone, and when she looked in at 10.30 he was asfltop. .- At 6.30 on Saturday morning she went to his room and saw him hanging by a cord near the window. He was qu'ilc dead. On the mantelshelf she found r small piece of paper, on which was- written: "In deepest sorrow ami abject misery. Sleep and myself have long been strangers." In reply to the coroner, Mrs. Baxter said that oil his lionevmoon, about a fortnight ago, he. said lie fell, so despondent that he could drown himself, hut; next day lie lolil her not to lake any notice' of the remark. Tlie coroner asked whether deceased was in anv monetary difficulty, and she re plied, '"Not that I know of." The coroner : J' Was lie not. missed at one time during the honeymoon ?" Mrs. Baxter : "Yes, lie was missed for a day and a night, und when lie returned lie said/that his inind was a blank, and that, he had been walking all the time." Evidence was then. . given that deceased had recently told a friend that sleepless ness was driving him off his head. Suicide whilst ot unsound, mind, .was the verdict returned. THE MAILS. The following appeared in the Lon don papers this week : "A Reuler's tele gram from Ottawa slates that the Allan line have had their Atlantic mail contract with the Canadian Government renewed for a period of five veurs." The Canadian-Pacific Company lias given notice to the Government that it proposes competing wiili the Allan line next season. 