CURPRENT TOPICS. e Police Court.--Yesterday morning at t} this court. John-. lnean, aged 75, who I had imbibed .too freely the day befolc, ti pleaded guilty to a charge of drunken- zi ness. The Police 'Magistrate imposed a tl fine of 5s, in default. 24 hours. w Incepacitated.-At the monthly meeting fc of tie. hospital boarxl last night, the t' chairman apologised for the absence of al Mr. Henry Edgell, who has been seriously ' indisposed. Mr. Stanfield said he was pleased to informl members that Mr.. w Edgell was making good progress to- d wards recovery. t The Brown Fund.-The following do- I' natiols to the fund for the assistance d of the widow and family of the late t Peter Brown, who was crushed to death -d at. the Tasmania mine on April 8, have a been received: - Already acknowledged, o £7 ifs 6d; Messrs. Russen and Co., £1 P Is. Total, £8 13s Od. d •Stre9t Football.-A lad named Arthur t Hall was charged at the Police Court yesterday afternoon before Mr.' J. J. t Madden, J.P., with having on Jdane 160 in Clmrles and Balfour streets played T football. He pleaded guilty, and was d fined is, with 4s 3d costs. Mr. Madden d told Hall that the streets were not in tended for football, andl advised'him 'to be smore careful in future. Ministerial.-The three. Ministers who were in town for Wednesday night's caucus left yesterday. The Premier (Captain Evans) went to Devonport by the first train, and addressed a meeting there in the evening. T'he Treasurer (Hon. C. L. Stewart) received some de- tl putalions,.and returned to. Hobart by t the express. The ..Attorney-General tl (Hon. G. C. Gilmore) completed his work It at the Supreme Court, and went south t L'Y5 last night's mail train. It The Freyeinet. Peninhsula.--air. W. II. ii Bennett. M.H.A., is endeavouring to It- i duce Ministers to mnake Freycinet's ]'e-" d ninsula a national reserve. It is.on the e East Coast, and, according *to the mem- j ter for Cambria, no part of Tasminaia offers such splendid sport. Mr. Beni e nett states that a couple of hundred h pounds would buy out all the landed in- p terests there are. Hlie is hopeful that t Ministers will take 'up the scheme and ask lParliament to vote the necessary f money. ) A Scenic Number.-The illustrated a "Courier" was issued yesterday after- a noon. This week's number constitutes a a notable souvenir' of Tasmania to de- ' spltch to friends in other lands, for the illustrated contents include some very fine scenic pictures. Full page illustrations show a section of the River Derwent, two views of the 3 plotty town of New Norfolk, a scene in 1 the celebrated Derwent Valley, and some I dine pictures which give an idea iof the countey through which the WestI Coast-Burnie railway runs. Personal.-The passengers to Mel bourne by the Loongana yesterday in- f eluded the Rev. Loclkhart 'Morton, who ihas been conduetbhg a mission at i Chalmars Church, and Rev. Benedict Abel, of the Congregation of the Pas sion. Facther Abel is a native of Fingal, and has been on a visit to his parents, s after an absence of 13 years. He was r ordained about seven years ago, and is stationed at the House of the Passion- I ist Fathers, 3Iarrickville, Sydney. He preached at the Ohurch of the Apostles on Sunday week, and again on Sunday last. . ' Launceston Presbytery.--The presby- tery of Launceston held a special meet- ing in St. Andrew's schoolroom on Wed- nesday at 2 p.m. In tile absence of the Moderator, the Rev. J. Scott, of Hagley, took the chair. After some discussion. I on the motion of Rev. D. Beckl, seconded a by Mr. F. Williams, the Rev. J. Russell was appointed to preach at Winkleigh 1 on Wednesday, 28th inst., and thereafter 5 moderate in a call to a minister. Wink leigh was selected as being central, but Glengarry an:l Beaconsfield cougregations will be invited to attend 'The presby tery adjourned to hold its next quarterly i niecting on Tuesday, July 4. Australian Defence.-The following ex t tract is taken from a letter written to Colonel Bayly by General Sir Edwart Hutton, dated London, 1MaJ 10:-"You will be glad to know that our efforts in SAustralia are very highly appreciated at a home, and the scheme of defence consid p ered very complete. The King, the e Prince of Wales, and MIr. Lyttelton have all been most complimentary as to the result of our three years' hard work. This is some satisfaction to you ana my other trusty comrades . ... I ams to command the Third Division Aldershot Army Corps (during the autumn manoeul a res) July 1 to Sepltember 30, and then d on October 1 to have an appointment in London." Socialism, - -Mr. Lonsdale, 3f.H.R. (N.S.W.), in tihe course of a spirited speech at Quirindi, denounced the La ' 'bour party as the real Tory party, It wr as not fighting for equal rights, but for l the privileges of a special class in the community, caring not who suffered out side the unions. 3Ir. Hughes, M1.l.R., d said that the Labour party had stooa 5 for the nationalisation of monopolies. o Sir. Hughes knew that that statement Swas absolitely untrue, for the Labour party wanted the nationalisation of the means of production and exchange. Mr. ' Watson said it should be gradual, and he S(Mr. Lonsdale) believed that it would be r so gradual that tmhe people would never : see it. He was not a capitalists' advo. cate, but was for a capitalism which reo e' moved them romn barbarism. e What Would He Do?-"W~han t are you going to do?" asked tile Ohief Justice La yesterday of a man aho was brought up e. for dentence, and lwhom lis Honor. was of anxious to treat leniently if he could be d- trusted to keep away from drink. What re was~ he going to do? The prisoner heali e tated. He was possibly of opinion that S there was only one tlhing for hlim to do. ae In tihe silence two barristers permps ae divined his thoughts, when together, is seotto voce, Ithey suggested--tle one "a' ag stretch," the otler "time." But al Sthough their thoughlts ran in the same groove and were thereforo grent, they al were wrlg, for ils Honor expressed thae ta opinion that there wvas no economic ad c- vantage to the state in making criminanas, be and suspended thle sentence whiclh hlie im posed. 3lilitary Instruction Classes.--Jn accor dance with existing Commonweaalth mnili cb tary regulations, schools of instruction or are to be Imld at intervals in various m- military centres. The instruction em it braces work in various branches of tihe t service, such as light hlorO, artillery, en gineeriog, infantry, and nmedical corps duties. A class is at present held in Hobart. knownl as "Class C for Infan try." an:l extends over ten workilng days, embracing the following subljects:--Squan comlpany battalion drill, skirmishing in attack and defence, outpost, advance, and s. rear-guard action, lectures in miodern In fantry tactics, elemncntaryo fortifications, military lsketching. anal miilitary law. There are aibout 38 ollirers and mle:n in attendance, having come from all parts of Tasmania. The classes were started on Saturday last, astl end on the 2.1th inst. is, Re- Arrested.-ames DI). Younge, aged -II, whi, was ehlargel at the crimlinal 1s. aittings of the Ull-reame Court with ola taiingi credit by f.alse pretenocs, was ' liberatled yesterday miorning iunder tlhe Fsirst JOff1iclcrs Act liJ entering into this 0own recogrisances to, be of good be Shaviour for 12 months. Ife was, however, 9.n leavium thq 8ourf, Afr-.'tt. .ia4 charged "that he did on December 12, at Mathinna, fraudulently convert to his own use one bicycle, of which he was the bailee, the property of the Equitabie Life Assurance Society, to wit, by selling the said bicj'cle to one John E. M'Ken zie for the sum of £8, -nd converting the said amount to his own use." Younne was brought up at the Police Court b! fore Mr.J. J. Madden, P.3M.,and remnnded to gaol for conveyance to Fingal, to appear at the Police Court there on June 29 at 10 n.m. Bail was refused. St. John's Mission House.-A meeting was held at St. John's rectory on Tues day afternoon to make arrangoluents for the forthcoming fair in aid of St. John's new mission house. There was a splen. did attendance, and the keenest interesl was taken in the proceedings. / It was -decided to hold the fair on August 30 and 31. but owing to Mr. Watkin Mills occupyiog the hall on the Tuesday night previous this date will have to be aban doned, and as Nellie Stewart's company appear the week prior to the 30th it was thought wiser to fix upon September 0 and 7, which has been done. The fair this year will take the character of. a floral fair, with a grand floral parade. This will be an eminent feature, and no doubt will prove a charming. sight, as no effort will be spared to make it a su. ceas. General Hospital.-The fees collected lb the board of management of the General Hospital for the 11 months enlided May 30 totalled £1479 12s 2d, and the finance committee expect that by the end of this month the aunount will reach £1000, whidl will establish a record for the institution. Correspondence between the Chief Secretary and the chairman of the board in reference to financial mat ter's was read 'at the monthly meeting last night. The former, on behalf of tle Government, took exception to the large amount in fees that was outstand ing, and considered that it pointed to weakness in the system of receiving such dues. 'Mr. Stanfleld, in replying, point ed out that the financial year coding on June 30 would show a surplus of about £ 122, a result nwilch should be consid ered very satisfactory, seeing that the hospital had been.continuously full of patients, and that its resources were taxed to the utmost. St. Andrew's Ohurch Guild.-The usual fortnightly .meetihg of St. Andrew's Young People's Guild'was held in the sclhoolroom-on Thursday evening. There was a crowded attendance. The presi dent (Rev. W. Beck) occupied the chair. The syllabus- for the evening was "Musical Items," and ii. splendid pro gramme was gone tlhrough, and thorough. ly enjoyed. The following was the pro gramme:-Piano- duet, "Bonnie Dundee," Misses Crooks; phonograph selections, Mr. H. J. Paton; recitation, "The Arab's Farewell to His Steed," Miss M. Hep bunn; song, "Alas, Those 3himes," Miss Kitty Longsmitli (encored); recitation, Mr. W. Clark (encored); song, "Down in the Valley, Where the Blue Birds Sing," Mr. Chris. Woode; song, "In the Cathedral," 'Mr. S. Jackson. Various games were also indulged in in addi tion, and the isheeting closed with prayer shortly after 9 o'clock. The syllabus item for next nmeeting will be "Manu script Journal Evening," and members arte reminded that contributions for the above must reach the editor by the 25th inst. Oountry Tourists' Association.-The Tourists' Associations in the country will not iii future .receive any direct financial assistance from the Govern ment. Whatever subsidy be voted for this purpose will, the Treasurer states, be split up .between the nort?iern and southern associations; but a specifled sum will in each instance be earmarkea for the junior bodies in the country. A request has been~ made on behalf of the assoeiatidns in Hobart and Launceston for £250 each, of whioh £50 will be reserved for the country societies. The Treasurer has not definitely promised thiese sums, but has undertaken to get as near themn as he ean. He stated yes terday that lie bhought the two chief associations should have £200 apiece, and if he can manage to vote that suns he will. The'earrmarking of a particu Inr snts for the country societies will prevent trouble such as arose in connec tion with last year's subsidy. The Devon port association has made a claim upon it, and until the legal aspect can be do termined the local association has -to stand out of money which it is in ur gent need. Inspection of Fruit.-Hon. Peter M3'Crackai, M~.L.C., took advantage or the presence of the Treasurer yesterday to bring under his notice the intense dissatisfaction that is felt by importers at the niethods of fruit inspection -in vogue at this port. He complained :-.at importers whose fruit was condemned to destruction had been refused the satile faction of ocular evidence that it was so badlyi infected as to be impossible oh admission into consumption. The Minia ter was surprised that this was so, and expressed the opinion that It was a rea sonable enough . desire. Mr. M'Orac kan also objected to whole consignments being condemned on account of the faults of a few cases.. Importers, he said, ae sired that the condemnation should be limited to the infected cases, and were quite prepared. to meet the expense in Svolved in separating the good fruit from 0 the bad. Ie also asked that condemnes consignments should be shipped back. SThey were inspected before despatch, and that being so, could be sold on the mainland. Mr. Stewart gave Mr. M'Crac. ken the assurance that he would bring the whole matter under thle notice at his colleagues, who were prepared to give 1 reshipment a trial. Immigrants for West Australlia. Amonlg the passengers for Fremantle in the R.M.S. Ortona, which arrived there on,8th inst., were one Swedish and six Danish immigrants, whlo were entered on the list as labourers, and were sent to Fremantle by the Agent-General's Office. The men are all young, seemingly about eat years of age, and are agricultural la bourers. They are under the leadership a of a Swede named Knudsen, who is a slkilled dairyman. A Government officer Sfrom the statistical office, introducing h' timself to thie mien, took thels to Perth. lie said that work had beeo secured by. the Government for them slhould they care to accept it. The men, the Perth "Morning Hlerald" states, came to West Australia on ver}s favourable conditions,. r- They paid onsly £6 10s, or half the fare, i- the other half being defrayed by tihe n Government. The leader, KEudsen, had is a letter fromi the Agent-General's Ollics stating that arrianigeniits had been made ie witlh the Orient-l'Pacific line for themu to '- secure tickets at half-fare. The tickets, is however, showed tha.t the full fare hld n been paid. The federal immigration cau 1 thorities appeared to be somewhat sse s, picious, but as the men stated tlhey had 0 no written contract, -they could not tako Sany steps in regard to themn. It is uln d icderstood that more Danish and Swedisl \- labourers of tihe same class are to be sent out to Frenmantle shortly. T'ise Mystery of £50.-Th'e mystery of n the £50 wlich the Nortihern Touristh' Asoociation is claiming fromi the Govern ii irent oil account of a short paid aub sidy has been cleared up. 'PIle £50 is in existence, iand the association will ' get-some day--the greater portion or ci it. The tre:asurer of the assooiaticn 5\. (.Mr. E. \Vhitfeld) brought the lnntter t5 inder tile notice of the Treasuirr at I' y?-terdas's ldeputation on tourist busi Sine-,. lie said 'they had received only e- half of last year's subsidy, £50, whidit, r, with a bank balance of only 19a 4d, ani1 4 debts .ta~tips £.1Q Pr .12. wyas a seals ious matter. The subscriptions collectea were sufllicient to warrant a suibs:sy as '£100, and the association had relied up ct receiving it. 'lThat sumn was en the estimates. "The Government will keep their agreement," interjected AMr. W. 11. Bennett, M.H.A.. \\\ho accompanied tihe deputation. The Treasurer, in his re plo'. put a sonmewhot different aspece oel the subject. The £100, he said, was voted, not for the Launceston associa tion, but "for the north,' and the De vonport society had put it a claim in December for a share. Mr. Whitfeld Ours was in its May.. The Treasurer That might be, .but the point was that Devonport had made a claitn, and that involved a legal question, which he hoped to have decided very shortly. He could assure thient that they .would get more m?oney. They. might not receive the whole of the £50, but they would get the greater part of it. The distribution, ihe expected, would be made at the end of the meoth. A New Operating T'heatre.--A few Iveeks ago five residents qf Lattuneeston, ,whose names have not been disclosed, pffered to donate £500 towards the erec tion of an up-to-date operating theatre, at the General Hospital. T he board of management approached the Govern. ment for '£1000, the approximate cost of the theatre being put down at £1500, but the 'application was not entertained. The board then dkecided to ask the din nors to allow their offers to hold good on condition that £500 be obtained by public subscription, and that a contribu tion of a similar sumn be made from the iprivate funds of, the board. A motion to this effect was placed before tie monthly meeting of the hospital boars last night. There was almost a full at tendance, the only absentees being Mr. 1t. Edgell and Dr. Pike, who- were boet excused, the former oan account of il! ness, and the latter because he was out of the city. ' A letter was received from the donors agreeing to allow their offer to hold good in the nanear set out above, and to remain open for 12 miontl. After discussion the motion was carried, there being only two dissentients. D)r. BRamsay, the surgeon- superintcndent, again emphasised the need that existed for an up-to-date operating thea tre. The present place was quite unsuitable, and the staff . work od under great difficulties. Thare were plenty of properly equipped operat. lng theatres in hospitals in the other states, an4 therefore there was no need to refer to distant parts of the Em2pire. Tolstoi and Japan.--A fairly g d au dience assembled inl the Tabernacle schoolroom on Tuesday evening, wlhen Rev. A. W. Bean gave his lecture ,o Count Tolstoi. A visitor from lMel bourne (Mir. Pearson, of Kew) took the chair, and after a few introductory re marntlks invited Mr. Bean to the desk. The lecture was a lengthy one, but the inte rest both in the subject and manner of treatment ensured the attention of the audience throughout. While by no metn?s endorsing in their entirety the ideas and conclusions of the celebrated moralist and social reformer of Yasnain Polyana, the lecturer dealt 'sympathetically and faithfully with the growth of Tolstoi's philosophy of life. Several of the Rus sian's great works were skilfully ana lysed, and his teaching traced through his entire literary. activity. So many questions were raised by, the paper that it was felt advisable to postpone the .discussion to the next meeting (Tuesday, .7th inst.). A cordial vote of thanks avas tendered to the lecturer for the ef eective way in which lie had dealt with his subject. On Wednesday evening, un der the auspices of the Christian Enden vour Society, a limelight lecture was given in the Tabernacle, and.proved both edifying and entertaining. With an.ac complished lanternist, and.a. splendidieo appointed apparatus, the slides, 00 in number, were shown to best advantage. M?r. Bean gave connective explanations of Japanese customs, institutions, natural ccfliguratiou, and industrial progress, pleasures, and religious attitude.. The proceeds were devoted to the missionary furlough fund. The Mole Creek Caves.-When address ing the Treasurer yesterday in support pf the request ot the Northern Tourists Association for an increased subsidy, Se Snator Keating was very emphatic in the demand that something should be done for the protection of tle Mole Creek Caves. Some years ago, he explainea, If had been agreed that these beautiful caves should be vested in a trust, in Which the Northern. Tourists' Assoc:a tion, Deloraine Improvement Associa tion, and Government should have repre sentatives. Nothing had . been done, and the caves were in serious jeopardy. Buthless destruction was going on. In the opinion of competent judges the ;n inous Jenolan Caves, as regards their na itural features, did not excel those of Mole Creek, which could be mnade a big atnraction. Mr. E. HA. Law spoke In a similar strain. The caves were being a'c uuded of their beauties, and it was high time they were properlg vested lit !trustees, and looked after. :Their na tural attractions only wanted .to be sup plemested by a:comparatively small ex penditure to ,at least equal those of .Jenolan, and there would be a direct return to the railwa.y revelinue. It was umentioned that with the poor facilities existing 200 people visited Mole Creek . rail during, tine year to inspect the caves. Mr. Stewart expressea. surpr:se nt the sitatement-that there had been anl arrangement made by a previous Govern menit to vest these caves in truStees. It was the first he had heard of it,'but on his return to Hobart he would make enquiries and see . whebbher something could not be done for the protection ot Ithese natural beauties fromt the destrue tios tlht was going ol. Salvation Armuy.-Brigadier Vince, who Is chief of the Salvation Army staff in l'asmania,. returned from Melbourne by tho Looagamn. ont Wednesday. l\'hilot in the Victorian capital he attended the conference of Salvation Army represen tatives, at which GeneraI Booth wans al.o present. Speaking yeste'day to an "Ex muniner" representative,. Brigadier Vince said:-"What transpired at the confer ince is of a purely private nature for Ithe presenlt. The meetinags tnrouglhouc Were of a spiritual character. The re organisation and future developments of the Artmy wrere of course fully discussed; but the result of our deliberations will not be made public for some time yet. The General was much pleased wit'h his visit to Australasia, and considers at to be the most successful he hlas yet had from every standpoint. A number of promotions were decided uponi, mine be i nug thie only one so far as Tastutmia is concerned. I was promoted from .\Major to tlh rakt of Brigadier. Coloiel Peart, 111o has been the chief secretary of the Army in Australasia for about 10 yearls, sails during the early part of ntext ironih for New York to take up the position of chief secretary for America. At .the present time the Colonel is on a visit to Tasmiania, iand was at IBeaconsfield ot Wednesday night. Col. Kyle, our ed! tor in chief, has also Ibeen pronmoted, andl takes the pIosition of chief seciretary In Carnda. Col. Gilimore, of Newr Zea land, has received orders to pIroceed to London, but his appllointitent has not oFt beu miade kInowuln. Col. Hloskin, t' .tho has noteld as lield .ecrrtary. hasI rilsen to the position of shief secretary, and is now second ill Polrllltlld of tile Atustraliatl wist.' of the Salvation Army The result of what did trantlire atn tlhe confereneuo will mean a sosl tdeal of work fo usi, but I don't tlinlik I .?t thelre will be any clahnes rieally alF;cLing Australia until the end of the .rar." Motor'Bus Services.--In a recent num h-c g6 as Cthe epJ;J B c & MII5 a Anhla. tion,' ,'Ir. J. W. Roebuck makes out' a good ease for motor 'bus services. "Take a town of about 40,000 inhabitants,'" lhs says. "Given a subscribec capital uf £6000, the t-at thing to consider is hlow to use it. For a start,.five motor 'buses should he obtained. They' can be either steam or petrol double-decker type. Either of these, to seat 34 or 30. pas sengers, should be obtained for about £850 each, with single solid rubber fro:ln tires and twin rear tires. - The total cost of the vehicles will thus be £425?t. An- exceedingly; modest ' statement for the takings per vehicle mile is Is 3d, this being a reliable figure to go on, as provc.ie in a number of cases. These vehicles can each be run at as low a cost as 104i per mile; but, taking an outside figtire or is per mile, then 3d per mile is the smal lest. possible prolit that is likely to be made. The Is per mile includes every •poss.ue charge, both standing charges and running charges, and allows 20 per cent. depreciation of the .vehicles, anna practically three complete sets of tires per vehicle per .year. The average run ning time can be taken as 14 hours per day, 90 miles being covered in that time, or, in otlher words, an average of six anl three-seventh miles per hour, including all stops, would be done during the day. If the vehicles were not run? on Sundays,. there would therefore only be,313 Work ing days in the year, and-one vehicle would thus cover 313 by 00 miles, equal to 28,17l) miles. The total profit, after all possible expenses were paid, would, as stated, be 3d per mild. Therefore profit per day-3 by 90 penlce, equal £1 2s Od; per week of six dayls, equal £Li 15s; per year of 52 weeks, equal £351. Now, assume that one vehicle is kept as a spare, so that repairs can be doeC wiuaout disorganising the service, or extra work can be done when they a:e all in good running order; therefore four vehicles in full work bring in a total profit of £1404 per annum.'' Mall order shopping here is satisfactory shopping; we get piles of letters from country custonmers expressing satisfaction with our goods. Should you require jewellery, silverware, or watches, write us. F. and W. Stewart, jewellers, 100 Charles-street, Launceston.* 