CAPTURING THE BUTTER TRADE. THE ADVANCE OF SIBERIA. HOW AUSTRALIA IS AFFECTED. By HENRY STEAD. Unless the teeming millions of China and the Far East develop a taste for butter there seems little doubt that the Australasian dairy- ing industry, so far as export is concerned, will be threatened. The Chinaman has recently figured so largely in the world's history that no new development would be surprising. To say, however, that the future of the dairying industry in Australasia depends to some extent upon the celestial palate developing a craving for butter seems so absurd as to be incredible. That this is the case is now becoming pretty apparent to those who have inquired into the causes of the great increase of butter imported into Great Britain from Siberia. Unless the butter which will be produced there In enormous quantities during the next few years finds a huge market outside Europe and Great Britain, there does not seem to be any other possible conclusion to arrive at than that the price of butter will fall very much. Nor was! it only be Australasian butter that will be affected. Canadian and, what is more astonishing still, Danish butter may be unable any longer to compete with the cheap and good product of the vast, little known domains of the Great White Czar in Asia. Already-when the dairying industry there is quite In Its in- fancy-Denmark Imports quantities of the best Siberian butter, part of which is consumed there, and part sent to Germany and Great Britain. In fact, the Danes live on Siberian butter, exporting their own to the rest of Europe. But this is anticipating. The fact remains that unless this other market is found the Australasian Industry is in danger ger. The only market large enough to divert the production of Siberia in China. The Australian dairyman and exporter ought therefore to be hoping that the heathen Chinee should acquire a taste for butter. The actual state of affairs in the Siberian dairying industry is ably set forth in a book Mr. S. Turner has just written, giving a record of travel, climbing, and exploration in Siberia. The figures are remarkable. The Siberian railway was opened in 1898. At that time there were 140 dairies in Siberia, and 4S 30cwt of butter were exported. In 1904 despite the fact that the war was then rag- in the number of dairies had leaped up to 2630, and the export to 681,857 cwt. During the two years which ended with the winter of 1906 Siberia exported more than all the different States which form the British Empire put together. And during the war this export increased. Now that the war is over It would not be surprising if the export at least doubled in the next, three years, as it has in the last three. In 1902 42.85 per cent, of the butter imported into Great Britain came from Denmark, 7.19 per cent, from Canada, 3.98 from New Zealand, 2.02 from Australia, and no less than 12.32 from Russia, of which the largest proportion came from Siberia. The best exporting year from Australia was in 1900, when Its proportion rose to 10.45 per cent., New Zealand 4.85 per cent., Denmark 43.99 per cent., and Russia 624 per cent. The import from Russia doubled in two years. As large quantities of Siberian butter came through other channels 12. percent, is certainly an under estimate. These figures are significant enough. But It is only when we come to inquire into the cause of the increase that the extraordinary possibilities of the industry became apparent. Most people think of Siberia as an ice-bound desert, and of Russia as the most enlightened country under heaven. Yet we find that the Russian Government, at whose methods we are so apt to scoff and smile, Is acting in a most paternal way towards the peasants of Siberia. It is fostering the dairying industry by every enlightened means, and most surprising of all is encouraging co-operation to' such an extent amongst the community that the big merchants, who formerly had the Industry In their hands, have largely gone out of business. Imagine autocratic Russia doing more for Siberia than the British Government has ever done for Ireland with its splendid agricultural possibilities. Even to-day had it not been for the Roman Catholic priests who 12 years ago introduced the art of producing butter of uniform quality on the Danish principle, and their efforts to induce the Irish farmer to recognise the value of co-operation, Ireland would practically have fallen out of the ranks of butter-producing countries. The priest is doing for Ireland what the British Government should have done long ago. As to the ice-bound desert," Siberia, all that is of course a pure fallacy. Cattle roaring is general throughout Siberia, because of the abundance of rich pasture land, and cheap and plentiful fodder for the winter months. The cost of transportation prevents the export of fodder, and it will continue to be cheap there. In Australia at the outside one and a half million of the stock is used for dairy purposes. In Siberia almost all the cattle are kept for milking. The meat of the Siberian beast is poor, and does not bring a good price. Each peasant averages five horses, three cows, and some 12 sheep. The price of cows varies from £2 to £4. One of the great advantages Australia has I hitherto enjoyed is that no cattle are required to be stall fed in winter, and that antipodean butter reached London when other butter owing to the winter season-was scarce. Last winter Siberian butter, from stall-fed cows, was sold in the British market at the same price as the best colonial, and was equal in quality. One of the causes which has largely contributed to the success of the Siberian butter is the instruction given to peasants at the Government dairy school farms In preserving fodder and feeding cattle scientifically thereon. Siberian butter is produced the whole year round without a break. The Australian butter exporting season lasts about nine months. These are some of the natural advantages of the Siberian dairy farmer. The Government provides him with others. A Professor of Agriculture is appointed, whose sole duty It is to keep himself informed of all the latest discoveries and improvements In butter-making the world over. This information is used by the trained teachers University men-at the Government dairy schools throughout Siberia. After three months' tuition in a practical dairy school, which is in charge of an expert professor of dairy farming, a peasant of average intelligence Is qualified to manage a dairy, and Is then hired by an "Ariel," which is a co-operative group of peasants, to convert their milk into butter. The training is supplemented by the visits of German or Danish butter experts, all of whom must have a Government diploma. Each of these experts has ten creameries under his supervision. The Government assists each village to establish co-operative dairies, advancing loans up to £300 at 4 per cent, for five years. As the Village councils are composed of owners of cows they can guarantee the amount, and each peasant becomes his own butter producer, and shares the profits of the dairy in proportion to the quantity of milk he supplies. Another great advantage Siberian butter has in competing in the world's markets is the ridiculously low cost of labour and has abundance. A good Siberian workman earns £7 8s 9d a year; inferior labour is paid at the rate of from £3 to £4 a year! As the dairy- ing industry increases wages will mount up somewhat, but 7s a week will even then secure an expert labourer, working at least 12 hours a day. Nothing but hand separators are used in Siberia. It is curious that the Siberian peasant can make better butter in his dairy than a Dane settled In Siberia. This is due to the latter being used to machine-driven separa- tors only. Another disadvantage the Siberian peasant has to contend with is the difficulty of transport. This will ere long be overcome. The great railway has been open only a few years, and yet large towns have already sprung into being on its route. It will continue to be the main artery, but veins, in the shape of short lines and light railways, will soon tap the wonderfully rich dairying lands on either side. It is interesting to note that during the war butter In refrigerated waggons was the only freight which was allowed on the railway, otherwise monopolised for military purposes. Ice costs practically nothing. During many months of the year it is not required at all, and In winter huge supplies are cut from the rivers and stored conveniently. Summing up, Siberian butter has several advantages its competitors have not. It is produced in a country whose soil is said to be unrivalled for growing grass and herbs for cattle. In consequence of fodder is very, very cheap, and so good that less milk is required for an equal quantity of butter than elsewhere. Labour is excessively cheap. The Government is doing everything in its power to foster the industry, and a safe system of co-operation is being everywhere introduced. No wonder Siberian butter is the cheapest in the world. In the near future the English working man may be able to buy best eating butter, which is now out of his reach, for 8d per lb. There appears to be a great deal of English capital invested in the development of the Siberian butter trade, and even now two regular lines of three steamers each fitted with the latest refrigerator plant, ply regularly between London and the Baltic. The freight on the 1000 miles voyage is only half that charged on butter brought from Ireland to London. The total cost of conveying a cwt of butter from Siberia to London is from 5s 3d to 6s 7d. Last year over 80,000,0001b of butter was exported, but the cows already owned by the Siberian peasants can produce 15 times as much, roughly, 1,200,000,0001b. The Russian Government is encouraging emigration to Siberia besides its other work of development. The annual number of immigrants during the last few years has been about 200,000. Some £72,000 has already been spent by the Government for aiding emigrants. In granting cheap railway fares, cheap food, and medical assistance, and distributing them on the land from the 30 emigrant stations scattered about Siberia. 19,000,000 acres of land have been apportioned out in this way in the last 20 years. It seems inevitable that this steady taking up of land for dairying purposes in far Siberia will ultimately result in keen competition with the export trade in butter from Australasia but there are always the Chinese) 