LOCAL AND GENEKAL. Th9 Wsathor. — Yestorduy a boisterous west erly wind pravuilod, filling tbo nir with dnet Towards evening it pored toward« tho south, with indioatiouB of a chango. Tho forocKf, yestorday indioatnd further rains over tho inland districts within tho next few days, Sugar Bounties. — Dr. Maxwoli's report on tho auif!»r bountlm auflstion was broucht bofore the Cabinet on Priduy, The Primn Kiniater indloatsd that the recommendations iu it will probubly bo embndiad In the Govorr.moot policy, with rtfcrtinco to thU question, bnt at present they will not bo mado public. Mt. T. Lobban— Mr. Lobban aftondod the Couit at Macleun on Pridoy for tho first time since hia recent lllneaF. The P.M. wolconvdMr. Lobban and oKpres»od pler.uurH r,t his rcatoration to health, Mr. MoGuron and Sorgoant Thompson also con gratulated Mr. Labban on hia recovery. Mr. Lob ban responded in appropriate tetmt-. Woolls-Rutledge Charges. -Mr. E. A. Brouaon, inspector Iu the Lumls JDfp^rtmont. and brot.hor-in-law of Mr. \V. H. Hal:, cave evidenoH beforo tho committou on BcotariBnisri) on Wednea day. He s^id ho haO tievtr ma'Jo n htnt- jinect that Mr. Hali had obtained hia uppoinlmnut to the Tublto Service »a tho reault of chanqiui* IiIh rolii;ion. Pho Riv. Woolln Rutlodgo had said that Mr. Brou Hon w*s- his authority for liiu Town Hall fetatemont. Methodist Mission.— Dm ing last week a mission wna cunduotuH iu connection with the Methodist Church, Moclenn. Opining services wcro hold on several 6V«nincs 'f th« week, follownn by serviceB in tho church T'.n Ilev. K. £-pmb(ick and Kev. J. Ward Hnrrlunn, of fJraffnr, took p'-rt, nud on Friday ihe Minittor fror;i Woodburo insisted. The mlesion closed on iSuuday evening, when thore ivfia o Inrge aUendanc-. Tha Rev, S. Bambrick preached an impressive tennon. Tweed Tremors ? Syducy Observntriry auth oritiuB report: — 'iMr. Cules, of Cudgc.n, Tweed Kiver, reporta thut a slight fhock of earthquako waa f-.ilt thero a littl« after 3 p.m. ou Friduy, wi'.h a load explosion. Buiidinijo were shakcu, «ud horsos frightened. The Bbook cama from tho seo. Aa this diatriot hna hitherto been oor.siiH.red immune from earthquaben it haa boon suggested that tiio ofiectB experlouted may have reau.tcd from SI13 erpiuuion of a ino'oor.' Presbytery of the Clarence.— A speoia' rr eeiing of tho Presbytery wim held mi Wednesday, at Graf ton. Present— Reva R. Cordiuer (Morleia tor). Soott Nei!, A. Fraair nnd Mr. D. Nioholson, elder. Tbe rehlgnation of Kev. J. Gray, from the Ballina cbargo, waa laid oa tho tablo and inslruc tloua given to Issue the usuul edict. Tha call will be dealt with at the Prenbyr.ery meeting on De cember 6th. The Omuiieiiou appointed at latt meeting of Presbytery to carry out Preabjterial visitatioa on the Uollingor will meet tit Belliogtui on November 8th. 3?atal Quarrel. — At the adjourned inquest touchiun tlm iitu'.h of ii inarned woman numed Mary Ann Knox, who died at the Prinoe Alfred Hospitn on lieptcmbei 29, it vtas elicited that the deceased waa admitted to the hoepital tbe previous night, oufferlng from sevora burna ab.iut the. hea'l and body. Her husband was nlso admttted in n similar condition. It was shown that sbe had a qu:.rrol with her hueband, during which aho picked up a lighted lamp and threw it at him An exploaion followed, whioh reeulted in the man and woman be ing Bivcrciy burnt. A voidicb (.f ncoideDtal death wan roturDed. Massacre of Missionaries,— A c»blo Iob' week reports that member.! of tho Britioli Ur.i versitiaj' mieaion to the Me.»ai, in Kaet Africa, be' ing warned by two German BoneiHotiue Fathers nf their danger owing to t»io riniog in Gflrman Kttit Afrios, flad lo thn ciait at half an hour'a notioe, They walked 120 miles in three dayp, though ac cotnpauied by threo lady mmaionarie?, and eac^ped attack. Thn brunt of tho Datives' violonoe fell on the Bencdictina Misjion, wh':S'j Biahop (Dr. Spies) anH five cimpanione wire killed. Road Contracts. — Tend rn otased on Friday for several cootraom in thiB district. The num. bfir of teodsr* nnd lowest tender for eaoh are aa under :— Gler.utie to Pillnr Valley, 2 tenders, A. Dinriannd J Fuller, i:3S l«s lid. Harwood to Chatswonh. 5 tondera, P. Cnwon, *:88 9-. Harwood to Hallway. 7 teudorn, .V. 'Cully, £25S Sa 4d. Ul mi.nn to Lavidin, 4 tsudorn. DnintH nnd Puller, £12 Is 8.1. Ultnirri to Yambu, 7 tenders, M. WoSw'in, £247 10:. For th« oitcfion nf brick cl'.imneyi in huatineij'ii ooltigep, Yumbu. 2 tenders wt-ro teccivod, tho lowent beiog that of J. J. Bander, £32 10.-. Late Sir Henry Irving —The remains of tho ln,l;i Sir tlunry Jrving worn oremulocl, aod th« ashsii i'nt.Tiod iu Westminster Abb.iy. Fifty thousund people nppliod for tioketa to wituef.s the 'uiie-v', but onfy 1200 wo'o iFSUed. Thore wan a sp ctdid uhrrsl eerviue, au I t,iumpvts ami drurau j ,in«fJ in playiug Sir Alexander C. Mackenzie's roaikfa. wntt»r, w'lion the dicesved actor produced ' CoriolanuH.' In occrr.laooa with, tbe dsoeaBbd pesor'e wiBh, tho thtsutre^ remained open on the nigh', of Irs funem), Leaving for Queensland,— Two well- known poiui ns of tun Lower OhirencB nra tikine thoir de parture for Q-iCennland. Mr, D, K. Shearer, of dabby, having sold his farm at a eatufactory price, ia goio[; to t.ic uorthorn State, where there aro opportunities for Baouring otinaiderablo nreas of pood lacd at a low piicn. The other dopartlng reaidont is Mr. Mark Wallace, who has been farming for many years at tho Lake. Both thtae gentltmtn aro thoroiigh'y cmnpotnot f»nner3, who will be surp, with suitable land, to meet with succeas. School Changes.— Mr. Fraser, of South Ann P.S.. haa bean appointed to succeed Mr U.iyes au teaohor ut Pulmor'a Iolaud ; Mr. Whnitca, of Cal liope, bin boan appointed to South Aim, and Mr. Ooode. fiom CJoptoanhursl', eucceuda him ut Calliope. Miss Neva VVilcox, of tfouth Ann P.S., him been appointed to Ulnmrra. Misa GibflOD, from Ulmarra to South Grafloti ; Mih^ Lowa. from South Grofton to Graltou Infants. Mi«B Collio-), of Graftou S.^.S., has obtained three mouthu Uave owing to ill hoBlth. Ealeigh Electorate.— Mr. G. P. Briner for warrig the fullnwing lotmrs I'rinn the Under-Secretary for Works : — Konri Maclean to Palmer's Chanue! :— With rofereoco'ti'Jyour letter of 12tb u tim'. uru'ne repair of this road ulong th« bank of Palmer's Chan nel to tho ferry, Jsnd from tho publio tohonl to tho main read. I havo tho honor to inform you that it is roporlud tho work applied for ia now boing pot In hnnd. With roferenco to your letter of 12ih ultimo, urgint; improvement of the road from middle rond near Palmer'a Island to Yatnlia, I have tho honor tn inform you that teodaia nr« now bitim- invited for tho necessary work on tha loneth aomplained of, Broach of the Tick Kegulations.— An im portant pollen court cu3h involving a criminal charge w.i8 bsard boforo the Liamore Benoh on Friday, Tho Tweed Honda stock inspeotor proceeded against Charles Yuuniibintt for having brought a hotao over tho Qaoenalniul border into Mow youth Walea. con trary to the provisions of tho proclamation iasuod by tho Government of thin State nn Marob 10 last, that tho only place on tho border whore horses would bo nllawed to puns was Willangaroo. Counsel for tho defence r»ijod tho point that tho stock resru lat.ion under which information had been laid did not uppy to horsea, and tho roeulation compelling horses to bo tsken nil tho way tn W≪'iogarri wbh moat unrea3onublo, aad founded on n mistake, AlfO, thut tho etock inspector ot Wallan^arra hhould have boon brought to prove that tho heirs j had oot p*»Bed through. Tho Benoh overruled tbe pointi*, and convicted tho defendant. The case was serious, as tick fever might be introduced into thi State. Thi Bonoh initiated a Qua of £20, with coats CE. Irish National Saciety.— An wi'l bB soou by aavtrii-ement, a (tcni'.rni m.ieting of mem beru of tbla Sooiety ia convened for to-morrow evou ing. Owing to tho faoL that St. 'Patrick's Uuy next year will fall between tho Grafton nnd Maclean ebows, mnttors in regnrd to tho onuuai oulobration of tho day requiro cnnaldorntion. Thnro nro nlso other mottcra in regtrd to rehlcb it wsa cousidered udviiablo to hold a meiiting this week. Presbyterian Tea Meeting — A meeting of ladieti waa held at tho Manoe, Maolean, ycetorday afternoon, to tako stops to hold tho annual ton meeting in connection with the PreobytorianChnrch of AustrcHu. P.ev. T. Soott Noil prenidod, nud thoro was a good ntlondanco. It waa decided to hold tho function on tho C:h Docornbor, nudcaovae ooru wore appointed to proonro contributions. Select Committee on Tobacco.— Senator Peurco, ohairmuo of tho aolecc committee appointed to inquiro into tho tobacco monopoly, hat rocoivod fr m Tumut a petition signed by 42 tobaaao grow ers nnd residouts It asks that au inquiry bhoiild bo hold there Tho olimr.to and soil of I'umut oro stated to bo admirably adapted lor tho produotiou of leaf of high class, and curing ahoda havo boon erected in tho distriot, but aa the trust will not pay a pricB comrnensurato with the quality of tho loaf a Borioun Injury Iub boon dono to tho industry. It also stated that tho industry ia throateued with extinction. A Kanaka Drowned —On Tuesday night Billy Urim, a kanaka, about GO yeara of age, WO3 drowned in the Tweed Klver, near Tumbulgum. Ho had beeu arrested by a looal constable for rlrunkonneen and disorderly conduct, and ploced on board the ferry while tho constable wont to arrtst two w^mon wbo wero also drunk and disorderly. Duriug the conetable'a nbaonco Billy Grim jumped off tho ferry into tho warcr, with tho Idea oi swim ming OBhoro and g.-tting away, Ho did not riao to r.ho Burf.aco, and tho conatable, by dragging, brought tho body up. Deco&sed; was nu old identity of Tumbulgum. Trafalgar Day. -Bofore the Kallatina lot' Maclean ou S&tDrday; she waa decorntud with flnga tho import of which was known only to thoao who coul.t read thu uignnlo. The Freocb onaign -s well an the British w«i hoisted, nud the. other flags gavi Keloou's hietoric signal, ''England expocta every nun to do m« duty. In Sydney the city und ihops wero decorated with many historic dovlcn«. l'ho Town Bail wac denaely packed at night for ;hu nival conceit, which waa cirnocl outwitti much :(! lit. Tho Britiith and French national anthems »f:ro repeatedly plsyed by the vurioua baudr. Sj,eoiul services were held iu conuco.tion with thu conteuary in mott of thu city Anglican Ohurcheo on Sunday. . L. C. Caledonian Society.— A meeting of tho coiMintifcu was held in ho burni Hail, Maclein. nn S:uur-la.y evening Pr«te-jt — Mr. W. Nicholson (in thu chair), M. Mo-Swau. i). -McSwtn, Dr. Bt-ll, U. Mitbexou, D T. (iurD -\nd B. Huabind. Cor resporidBoco «ai dealt with frino G-rafton Souioty asking for unother conference in regird to t--.e pro p';se'1 ainalgainatlon. Tins wan c^i-oed to, &t; Mao lean on thft 1st Novombcr. It wae otcidud to ruu an exvursioti to Graftou by tho L»dy Boatricj dur iog November. Kiiforetioo was mvl'j to the np pivi3chir.g doparrure of Mr, F. K«b m from th' tuvvn, mut thn chairman, i;«orctary, und Mr. Buit were iippoioted a coramiUeo to make nrrangemeuta for a fmewoll to thai gentleman, A few accounts worn pasBed for payment, and corresoondenco in connec tion with tha hall dealt iwith. farmers' Union,— Tho usnal quarterly meot inR of trie (J'lViucU of cho Union in convoned for n- x Satnrday at Maclenu. The only new bumiees, nf wlijoh uotioe haa bsen given, is a motion to urge the Govermuont to couiinuo the harbor works, T'ic-ro if a good deal of continuod buainep?. Amongst this in tha te'ms to be made with the C.S.H. Co. regarding price of cane after oext year, but aa thi Federal Government ha3 not yot fihilly dealt with the excise ncd bounty, is is not likely that thiii buniners can bo ndvonoed any fuither at tho forth coming meeting. The continued bneineaB nlso in cludes thu proposed amondmenc of tho law rulatiuu to the soiling of diseaaad etoclc. Several cr.De growers have also expreesed the deairo to bring boforo ths m'etiiig complaintB in regard to the price3 received for tlv ir oano this year. The Immigrants we Want.— After ridi cuIiijk iti mrusuioct tmma (jener^l Booth's offer (and Bubncqueet withdrawal) of tho?e 5000 pauper, red guernteyed immigrants , tho ' BuliOtin' gets down to bedrock with tho following : — ' What Australia really does neod in the way of agricultural immi grants, ia a sprinkling of woll-trainod man ; it ia al ready handicapped with far too many who don't kuow tho Luiiibe6S, aud h»ven't any fixed idea that thero iu nny buuineea to know. It would pay Aus tralia tu irnpoit aud icittcr model farmers, British, German, or Danish, who would make model farma ; it would bo a positive carso to import cockney un employed to lowor tbo already low level of Austra lian farming.' JPall through a Skylight.— On Friday Stolla Bud, IS. cmpi'.yed at. the drapery establishment of MeBBiB. W. T. Walteis and Co., corner oi King and George-streets, Sydney, met with .1 auiioiw accident. She was engaged in tho showroom on the aecond floor, the weatern windows oE whiob overlook tho verandah in George-street, and byy some means overbalanced hersalf and (ell on to the roof of thn vornndah. This Ib partly of glads, and the unfottcnuto girl striking the glass, went through it, and was preuipita-.ed to the pivomont below, tho total distance of tha fall being about 20ft. With out delay aba was t»ki-u to the Sydney Hospital, whore nha waa admitted for treatment. On vx aminalian it was funud that the bad a Ucuratoii wound nf tho right leg, injure* to tho back uud head, and was eutlnriuy Btveroly from the Knock. Australian Defence.— Tho House of Hep rytuuiativta has cousi'lered tho Defence Estimates. Th» Fednrnl Goverument propoaea to upend £'3i 000 ou 8000 new rifl. s. Mr, T. T. Ewing, Vicepreti dent ot the Executive Council, made a general et-t,f,ment on the Defence policy. The coast and buibttr defoDcos would be the lirFt problem dealt wilh Tho Commonwealth hud 1,200,000 men, who would be In a position to defend the country a^ clttsan eoldie.ra if they woie properly trained and equipped, but at present we had ono riflo for every thirty met), Tbe cadet hystem would be reori;an iaed and developed. The Government contemplated having a million men nrmed wilh rifles and trained in Ai:titralia, Telephone Toll System. -Mr. Austin Chap man ttiied yesterday tti^5 tnw iaat couplo of yeara had seen a Urj(o extension in the tolephone syatom. A groat number of the far inland towus wero now connected on the condonsor system, and a contiact waa about; to bo Binned for opouiui; up communica tion with Melbourne. An idea, which ia being favorably conaidered by the Postmnater Go:ii-ral,.iB to introduce a toll system, not for the contemplated Melbourne aeivice, but for the respective S' at a ser vices. This syotcm, however, ia onu which he recognises will have to be grndnaiiy iotrodnced, if not perbnpa mido optional, fio ia convinocd that something will have to bo dono to prevent tho sor vlco buing imposed upon on the nno hand, niid, on the other hand, to bring about, if possible a reduction of ohaiges to private paoplc, It ia proposed to lay down a certain pricu per anuum for a given number of conservations per duy of 2i hours, and thuu it may bo necessary to fix a scale of paytneut for tho us« of tho service above thut to bo allowed under the flat or minimum payment, l'ho system would huva tho eff-:C'. of driviug peuplo to the t'-lepl'.onfi bureau, and ao increase tho revonuo (if the deparcinout. 'I havo wrictea to Teutsrfiuld,' said the Pofctmastor Geueral, ' auggentiu^ that ths toll ByBtem ahould be lirr.t adopted there, tihould the oubscriberB there b'i favoiHiile, and tho ayatem found to work out satisfactorily, I ohall certaiuly h:ivo it extended to other coun:ry towna ' Alleged Cure for Consumption —At a well at. ended pubno meotmg hold iu hyilncy laefc week, nndor the preaidency of tho Lord Mayor, Alderman Allen Taylor, ciaes of nlioged curoi from tha dieeaae of conoumption wcro rotated by Mr. Jacob Garrard. The auihor of the cyatom (Mr. J. MoDouald Cox) said hiB treutmont wan by inhal ation. Then a pttiont of his, Mr. T, Harold Alley, olmmed to have beeu cutod of tho dibeasa after . be ing attacked iu the worst form ivBsolutioua were curried, ono ur«ing the Government to at onca authoriso tho uaa in tha Government institutions of tho 'Eureka' euro, nnd another BDgqcating thnt fluffiolont capital should ba provided to acquire for Australia the rights and interests in the cura, and to orjublo hr.inoi and tmnatoi'iurnfi to bo fcbtubiibho 1 in each of the Statea for tho treutmont of thoao mffar Ing. In tha oaso of the intter resolution, Mr. Frank Grimloy, a mumher of tha exeoucivw of ihu Queen Victoria HnmeR for Consumptive Fund, rukI It would bo ridiculous to pjaca au audinnoo in 1 ho poal tion of having to affirm 'a uuro' on tx parto Bt»t«ments, but tho Lord Mayor put the motion (without an amendment), and tha motion wag carried fry a, good, m«ioritj'j 