DISTRICT AND GENERAL SUMMARY. C?I?c stock sales tn-d?y. IVrang stock sales mi Monday.' f Tho Umber trade, is brisk al Beech F..re?t. yti.to public servants will be paid fort uitfhtly from December 1. There is still unrest ie ■; Russia and a general strike is contemplated. The Colac bowling green will be opened for play oil Thursday, 19th iust. At most of the stations in the Caster ton district shearing operations are io pro gress. The policemen, who are returned South Africnii soldiers, are to be allowed to weir their medals. Shearing operations are in full swing in theCrcssy district. Machines are used in most instance*. . The WuTDatubool Caledonian Society's inaugural concert ou Thursday evening was a great success. The Defence Department has intimated that fur financial reasons it was decided to have only one instructor at Wnrrunin booL Tho onion crops in the Apollo Bay "district were .severely damaged by a re cent heavy hailstorm. Some glowers ate re-sowing. Provision is made in the State tVi tnates for repairs and additions,, including spring fender piling to jetty at Lome, to cost £400. An inconclusive debsto h?s taken place in the Legislative Assembly on the pre ference to be allowed to local tenderers instate purchases. Sir. 0. H. Johnstone has presented the Colac Rifle Ctub with £1 Is and a Grieves* wiud gauge, for which firing was commenced on Thursday. The New Zealand Legislative Council, ou the casting vote of the Speaker, carried the second reading of a bill to allow lotteries in the colour. Under the Surplus Revenue Act; Banooc'-.burn Sbire receives £100. Cjlac £300, Leigh £100. Winchelsea £200, aud Colac and Wipcbclsea jointly £50. Dr. Cheny will recommend life Minister of Agriculture to give fuvorable consideration towards checking the spread of the eel worm pest in unions. The British steamer Leho struck a tt.iating mine in the Yellow Set, off the Shan-tuug Peninsula, and was destroyed. Fifteen of the passengers and crew are mU'siu!;. The Inspector of Charities, in his report on the Geelong Benevolent Asylum, says that inmates receive an ucefrsive allow ance of lolncco. The amount allowed is four small cakes & mouth. Mr. Rodnioud, M.P., on his return to Ireland, said Irishmen, generally, did well in Australia and America, yet he did not advise them to emigrate if they could make a liviug at home. The Prime Minister states that it is proposed before the session ends, to in troduce a bill to amend the present see don of the Immigration Restriction Act dealing with emitract labor. At a gathering <*f dairymen in Bendigo, municipal supervision wait advocated with regard to dairies, also that compensation be paid for any rattle killed or loss sus tained through quarantining any place. Judge Mulesworth, in dealing with a case re£*rUiug a Chinese immigrant, baid that perhaps the soil of this greaj. con tinent would not be greatly injured by allowing this market gardener to remain. The statement that, during the recent crisis arising out of the Morocco situa tion. Great Britain made a verbal offer to assist Fiance in the event of an attack upon her by Germany, has been dis credited. The budget statement of the Do-uinion of CauaJa for the year elided 30th June last t>bows that the revenue amounted to £'I-t,23G,125, aud the expenditure to £12,ti61,5t!l — giving a surplus of £1.574.264. The Terang Racing Club intends to hold a winter meeting and a proposal has b:eu made tv buy out the sports bociety and held it ou Easter Monday. The iui pruveui'etits to be effected tv the course will cost £3000. Two boys, Frank Davies aud Geoffrey Edwards, were on Thursday prosecuted at the Geeluug police court for injuring trees in the Eastern gardens. " Ou pay uieut i.f 10* into court the proceedings were withdrawn. The State Premier says Sir. Swinburne has induced him to place £3000 on th<> tu-tiui.\tt? to improve the breed of horses. *>"t hen the stallions were imported there would bo no need foe so many old " screws " being in used in the state. Applications are being invited by the Chief Secretary from mechanics' institutes md free libraries qualified to participate iv the special grant of £2500 under the Surplus Revenue Act towards building country mechanics' institutes. The Warruamboul Bowling Club opened the season'on Thursday. The green was iv splendid condition. The membership roll is increasing in size rapidly. The Mayor and Mayoress (Mr. aud Mrs. Mackay) performed the opening cere mouy. . . tt'heu the Larpent State school was burned down last mouth a collection of valuable apparatus and books, which the head-mistress, Miss Nash, had gathered, was destroyed. The Department will not replace it, and a movement is oc foot to do so locally. The Premier, iv a speech at Bendigo, said that after the Milk Supervision Bill had been in force. a little time, dairymeo of the statu would command the highest price fur butter in the London market, aud outsell the Danish aud other competi tors. 31r. Auatey has given notice in the Legislative Assembly of moving for a re tura showing all reservations for race course* and recreation grounds, their areas and the purposes for and tho con. dttions on which they have been reserved- The motion is unopposed. The proposal to double the rate in the Colac Shire h?s provoked great dissatis. faction in the foreot. At a ulcutiug at Lower Gellibrand a motion was carried protesting against tbe Shire passing a rate of 2s in the £, as such rate was con i sidered excessive aud unnecessary. i A private bill has been brought into the I State Parliament known as tbe Widows and Young Children Maintenance BUJ. It gives to ? court of law the power to vary a biu-baud's will at its discretion in order to ensure to widows, tv boos up to 18 and jto daughters _up to 21, sufficieut pro ' vision for their maintenance. Mr. Swinburne ou Thursday had a conversation with the director of Agri culture regarding the scheme of agricul tural education, beginning in the state schools and carried ou by a number of agriculturalhigh schools, to be established, that will receive pupils between 13 and 16 aud prepare them for admissiou to the agricultural college. General Booth says the attitude taken up by the workers of Australia regarding the larger otfer of iiniuigiuinUi compelled iU withdrawal. The Prime Minister has received a cablegram from the " General" that he is prepared to stud imuiyrauts approved by the Agents-General in num bers such as the country could receive and empluy. Tlio Chief Secretary has issued to the city newsunp^rs a notification that he ia advised by tho Law Department that certiiu advertisements, relating to bet ting, are in contravention of section 50 of the Police Offences Act, 1890. The publishers are nUi? warned th?t if the publiuttinn be continued proceedings will l>? taken for tbe recovery of penalties. 