Before the Lands Commission Mr. Moagher stated that Willis had no authority to make the statement, ' Mr. Meagher does tho outside work and 1 do tho inRide.' Never had any partnership existed. An application was made on Mr Willis's behalf for tho Commission not to consider any matters atteoting him until Mr. Haynes' charges had been de termined. Mr. Justice Owen said that probably the Commission would adjourn for three weeks to give Mr. Davies_ and Mr. Houston the time and opportunity to porsuo the departmental papers. M. Delafosse, a French authority on foreign affairs, advocates an alliance with England, which would ensuro an absolute victory over Gormany. Canada is embarking on nn extensive continental immigration scheme, paying a Dutch shipping company a bonus on desirable immigrants. Agents for British emigrants are to receive only 7s ahead, whilo the Dutch company receives £1. Tho insurrection in Poland is spreading rapidly. The social democrats at Warsaw have issued a proclamation protesting against tho new incessat of crimes by tho Czar's government. The proclamation doclares that Warsaw must stop work and that business and traffic must cease, and that workmen with the red flag must flood' tho streets. Cossacks at Lndz attacked a family of five Jews proceeding to the railway in a cab ; all were shot dead. 12,000 inhabi tants entrained on Sunday, fleeing for their lives. Aftor Sunday's fighting many waggon loads of corpses, mostly Jews, were taken to the cemetery. Owing to rumora of an impending massacre, 20,000 Jews quitted Lodz on. Monday. The Russian cruiser Torek, north of Hong Kong, on June 5, sank the British steamer Ikhoma, carrying mails and rice from Yokohama to London. Tho Standard states that the fact that two British ves sels havo suffered at the hands of the . Russians makes the. demand for repara tion more stern. Prince Arisugawa in going to England on behalf of the Mikado to thank Japan's ally. Japan is glad to know that tho prospect of renewing and strengthening the alliance- is good. Two squadrons of Dragoons and Cuirassiers manoeuvering at Bamf, near Lyons, in France, came into collision, and two officers of the Dragoons were killed, twenty were injured, and twenty horses wore killed. The British steamer Anchonn rammed the Danish trading ship Georgstage off ' Katrup, and the Georgestage sank in two minutes, drowning 22 cadets and 56 wcra rescued. 