General News 70,000 colliers iu Germany have struck for shorter hurra. For llio Doucnster Hnndicnp there are 108 entries ; fur the Sydney Cup, 70. The value of the slakes for last list racing season in England was A'523, 1:80. An Easily- mniio Butter Cooler— Get a large flowerpot and nearly fill it with wnt Band. l'la.'0 tho vessel con taining tbe butter nn top of tho sand, rover with a damp cloth and eland in a cool place. He sure and koep the Band moist. When ynu cannot get ice, this proves an etfeelivo cooler. In London a steady irndo is doing in lin Her, and -np|.li.-s of Australian aud New Xi'sland aro practically cleared, f'lici-s ar« uncliangud, except for a few fancy brands ol Australian, I at 100/, and Nlw Zealand at 102/. Danish butler is weak nt 108/.. Cheese is very firm. New Zealand is selling j ai 52/ and 53/ per cwi. It is a common siitlit in (ho plazt in a Mexican town (writes the 'National Frovinioner') to behold a stall- woman who is selling two-reals' worth of eggs pick lliem up one by one, put one end Hnd then the otln-r to her lip-, and hand tlium ovor lo the customer, who repeals the same identical operation. To the inexperienced onlooker it seems as if tliny wero tasting the extremeties of the eggs. As a metier of fact, they never touch tho egg with llio tongue. Tho idea ol the performance is (ii.it when nn ogg is fresh one cad is dis tinctly colder than llio oilier. The end winch line tiie air chamber is the warmer of the two. Tho human lipB are exceedingly ieni.itivo to heat and cold, and even the no /ice at this form of egg-tctfting promptly becomes a capable judgo. If both ends of the egg reveal the samp temperature, that i-gus may liu counlo'j as bid, oh it is a fairly good sign that tho air chambcr i» lu'iiken, aud the contents spread eqiuliy within the shell. Jt is intended to extend greatly tho Imperial liaval yards at Wi'l hemslinvt'ii, Kiel, nnd Dantzig. The number of meu employed will be mine than doubled. The Ulascow Sxpress was travel ling at the rnto of GO miles an hour when it clashed iu the Leeds .Shef field express The uccideut occurred owing to tho Leeds express becoming derailed. Tho accident resulted in much loss of life. Mr. Robert Brougli was terribly burned. Charles Blackort, whilst shooting rabbits near Mudgeo, had his faco terribly, shattered, portion being blown away. Tho injuries proved fatal. The employers have rejected the St. Petersburg strikers' demnnd for eight hours, participation in the management of works, mid payment for strike timo. Mr Asquith says that the outcry against alien immigration ia England is claptrap und rhodomontade, and means protection iu a disguised form. 