general notes. Cotton from Wilcaunia seems to be a some what novel proposition, but Mr. W. S. Camp bell, the Director of Agriculture, announces that quite recently some promising samples were sent down to him from Murtcc station, in that district. Mr. Campbell sent, t.hcm on to the cotton expert attached to the Queensland De partment of Agriculture. Mr. D. Jones, tho official in question, reports that the samples are very interesting, coming, as llicy do, from a region hitherto little known in connection with cotton cultivation. Their general appearance "leaves no room for doubt as to their commer cial value. The bulk sample if offered to-day In tho Sydney market would easily realise from iiVfcd to «l4d per lb. This price is a profitable one, and equivalent lo from D/jd to i%d per lb. of cotton in the seed." Wo have received a copy of some new tables of commercial butter computations, published in book form by Percy A. Scarr, manager of the Raymond Terrace Co-operative Dairy and Pro duce Co., Ltd., for the use of creameries and butter factories. These tables, it appears, have been in use at the Raymond Terrace Factory for nearly two years, and no doubt they havo greatly facilitated the work of computation. The commercial butter in every pound of cream from .t to 500, and every hundred from r>00 lo 15Q0. for any butter-fat test from 10 -to 50 per cent, (flask readings 5 to JO) is shown at a glance. For those factories which measure their cream samples and pny for commercial butter, tho tables should mean a considerable saving of timo and labor. By the Orient Co.'s Ortona a consignment Ligurian boos arrived from Italy for Mr. W. Abrara, of Bcccroft. Though confined for five weeks, the bees came to hand in splendid condi tion. The Minister for Agriculture, Queensland, has received a private letter from tho Warwick dis trict, written before the shower on Sunday, to the effect that whether any further rain fell or not the district would yield from 10,000 to 20,000 sacks of wheat and barley. The rain of Sunday last, will, of course, swell the total. It was pointed out that in cases where good tillage had been practised the crops showed wonderful vitality. Grass was plentiful; stock looked well, and there was no local feeling of despondency at the dry spell. Graziers and dairymen arc especially In good heart, because their indus tries havo not yet been affected to any great extent. — Our Brisbane correspondent. in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. Moore stated, in reply to Mr. O'Sulllvan, that bo was not aware that in the United States prizes had been awarded to 10 fanners who grew from S7 to 115 bushels of Indian corn per aero, nor was he. .aware that in the State of Minne sota prizes had been awarded for crops of pota toes from SVv to 31 tons to the aero, while the New South Wales average was very much below that. As to whether he would at onco institute inquiries as to the system by which these enor mous crops per acre were raised, and as to whether he would take steps to introduce that system in New South Wales, the Minister for Agriculture said that ho did not consider it ne cessary to institute inquiries as suggested. The State yields of both inaizo and potatoes had in some cases equalled, if not exceeded, thoso of America. The Agricultural Department was making every effort to effect improvements In tlie growing of commercial crops as regarded yield and quality. A. largely attended meeting of farmers de siring land was held on Saturday, under the auspices of i ho Uranqulnty Progress Associa tion. IL was decided to petition the Govern ment lo resume Pomingala.'na Estate, owned by Messrs. Maekay and Copland, for closer settlement purposes. Pomingalarna comprises about 20,000 acres of rich soli, admirably adapt ed for wheat growing and dairying, and is hounded on one side by tho Murrumbldgce River, and on the other by tho main southern railway lino. it. is tapped by three railway .stations and one siding, whilst the eastern boundary is about five miles from Wagga, and tho western verges on The Rock township. The petition, which is to be forwarded to the Minister for Lands, is to show the names of the people prepared lo lake, the land on a reasonable valuation, in terms of the Closer Settlement Act. — Our Wagga Correspondent. The State Cabinet has under consideration a bill providing for establishing and controlling small improved holdings of land. - It is founded chiefly on the Danish system. Probationary tenants receive assistance under supervision until the land is sufficiently improved to enable them to become self- supporting, and obtain a lease. The bill will be introduced this session. The Lands Purchase Board commends to thft consideration of tho Minister the suggestion I some provision for homestead and neces sary fencing be made in the Closer Settlement Act, to meet cases of families possessed of furniture, working plant, and stock going into possession without tho necessary capital for their erection. Should any of these lands bo placed at the disposal of intending immigrants, Mr. Bent thinks that at least a habitable house should be erected for them, so that ot. their arrival they may at once bo able to go into occupation, and havo at least a dwelling in which to lay their heads. — Our Melbourne Re presentative. 