BUBAL TOPICS. Reports from almost all parts of Victoria state that the pasture is becoming very short and quite dried up. It is evident I that over the greater portion of the state the autumn will be a very unfavourable one. The season is setting in like it was last year, when there was scarcely any green feed for the lambing ewes. The diy. weather is keeping back agricultural opera tions, though the extent of ploughed land is much greater than one would expect when the want of rain is* taken into consi deration. Owing to the danger of the introduction M,4fjrf«p^ att Ox^ in <^ncil has been tire importation or ihtro Suction; tii ^ues'n^nd for ^*rp yeareof any {§6$iny->pl8ce: beyond w^f^ has called at aiiy port in any part of th&'worid other than Australasia, with the exception ot any stock from the United Kingdom, which may be imported or introduced in accordance with existing acts and regulations, provided that the ship carrying them has not carried stock, other than those from the United Kingdom, during the same or the last pre ceding vojage. On Saturday the Premier (Mr. Xurtlmr statement with ehe&Ttb; theCloserjSettl , , ^ jech at^tomsey- He says thataUhe meant was that the compulsory provisions of the law should be brought into operation. It has been found that many landowners are, willing to offer tlieir land to the Land Pur chase Board, but that thev will not name a price, lest that price should be used against; them /n the event of compulsory purchase being resorted, to in the future. In these and^ther cases the board wiU be able to" make an offer to the .owners. If that offer; is pot-accepted, and the Ministry consider the land suitable for settlement and the price a fair one, it will ask both Houses of Parliament to pass the resolutions necessary before the board can compulsorily acquire! the land. A conference took place on March 10 be tween the members of the Aborigines Board and the Minister for Lands (Mr. Murray) on a proposal to take away some portions of the.aborigines' settlements and make them available for selection. The Con dak settlement, in the Western district,] consists of 2,000 acres, 1,000 of which it is thought might with advantage be excised. The Lake Tyers settlement in Gippsland is unnecessarily large, and if 2,500 acres were) la; taken there would still be nearly 1,500 acres left. Mr. Murray proposes to visit that place on March 20. At Coranderrk, it is proposed to excise two small portions of the 2,450 acres. These suggestions arc, how ever, merely preliminary. The land has yet to be surveyed, and before it can be thrown open for settlement special acts wilt have to be passed. The experience of anticipatory Jfegislaiion has not in every case been fortunate, and it is probable that Mr. Mur ray will have the Parliamentary sanction hefoit taking any Ateps The shbdivision&T; Rale of 14,000 acres of fertile soil on the" Gloucester estate is an nounced in our-business columns. This property is situated between, the Manning and Hunter rivers, and is regarded' as. one of the mpst fertile areas of land yet sub mitted W, JiuVlic-COmpetition in tliat dis triet,-, ®ie BliipRtc i8ft*bealthy one, and the rainfall is 50m? T1(^ is every prospect of rapid and e]heap carriage, .as the North Ckksistrail way, ob recommended bytbePub lic Works committee, iB surveyed through the Gloucester estate, and will be brought before Parliament next.session. Ibis pro perty,^icb, ugdmiiublp adapted for wUp^e held at Gloucester on May 5. Terms and other pariicul&re; will be supplied by the Glouces ter Estaw, Company, 45, Hunter-street, Syd ney; Messrs. M Kenzie and Hooke, Stroud;' orMr.rn.W- Lee> Melbourne. j MesSra. Charles Walker and Co., of Bal larat, on March. 11. sold five farms in the Mount Jtlpreerdistrict.. The properties, which embodied a total area .of 1,000 acres, averaged' £6 per acre. The demand for land in the district has been unusually brisk of late. A committee of the State Cabinet, eon-1 sistiug of the Minister for Mines (Mr. M'Leod), the Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Swinburne), and the Premier (Mr. Bent), has been appointed to arrange an amalga mation between the chemical branches of the, '.Mines, the Agricultural, and the Forestry departments. Ministers hope to make a-considerable saving by the amalga mation of'these branches, and, in addition, to tender them more efficient. Some time ago it was proposed to the State Ministry thai some of the land now held aB an endowment by the Agricultural Colleges Council should be utilised for closer settlement purposes. Special refer ence was madpip 4,000 acres of land on the jsoutHerh railway line, near Caldcrmeade. The Premier (Mr. Bent) brought the mat ter before the Cabinet on March 13, and it 1 was agreed that the Land Purchase and Management Board should be asked to make an^offer'to the Agricultural Colleges I Council for this land. A meeting of the council Will be "held to consider the ques-1 tion. - The water released from the Malms bury''Reservoir.'for the use of market gardens on the banks of the Campaspe at Eehuca, .reached Echuea on March 12.. ' It ; is flowing with considerable volume, and pumps nave been brought into operation at once. The prompt action of the Minister of Water Supply is much ap preciated, and has saved the district from considerable loss. For the season just com pleted 15,000 cases of tomatoes alone have been grown here and trucked to Melbourne and Bendigo. This represents about 375 tons, of a value of about £3,000, all of which has been grown, with- the aid of irrigation and manure, on small areas totalling about 30 acres of land. , A deputation from the Fruiterers' Asso ciation waited upon -the Minister for Agri culture (Mri Swinburne) on March 8 to ask that some standard cases should be adopted for hard and soft fruits. The variety of shapes and sizes existing at present make it impossible .to base-A -reliable estimate of the weight of fruit contained in the case. The Tasmanian case in general use for the exppjrt trade in apples is 20in. by 15in. hy»>i?Jln7 Whfle>4Ju8 would be suitable for dfarjfc Jhc flsnutat j Qn thought that .hd^^olhCT^khid^Arad have to be made trfr soft fruits. MfeSwinburne recommen ded tl£ a conference with |i-t5ie gittTO^ 4m iof sfe hjm at a late -eat negdliroonB took place between the Vet&iftfflyUollege; and the University, the outcome of wbicn was a deputation to the Minister of Agriculture, which urged that the college should be placed on a per manent footing, and suggested affiliation to the .University. The Minister returned a sympathetic answer, but postponed action "with the view of bringing the matter before the Premier's conference, in Hobart. Pend ing the decision of the Government arrange ments have been made b}- which students of the Veterinary College will be able to at tend lectures at the University in all the subjects of the first year, except anatomy, viz., chemistry, chemical physics, biology, ] and botany. Mr. RahdoJplT^owe and Messrs. M'Leod ami Booth annimnae.in ojir business col umns that they-" have'Teceived instructions Losell byauction, AtGeelong on May 18, a portipr^oU^ef^Warrambeen Estate, situ ated h^h^%^fd^;%ontaihing 3.589 acres. This 'prqp^yJ.#fev-h&vfly-grassed;, sound sheep; jCCrUiiixy, stpi^able for merino or crossbred^oip; ia -Pprtaou of it is fUA for agricultufepj^hp^hmd hcis been cut up into lots (rf ffc^AW^to^BBiacFps, and they are all w^lywwt^fea bytlje river Leigh. Biiel ford is-intuited 'shout 12 miles from the Bannockbotit ttffl#Syi6tatiop. on the Bal larat UheT^Cm mi^'t ^f cmUes from Gee long.- 3he^ei|ms are.«ld ;pbr cent, on sign ing tH^DMb^^iifaqoSie tp make up one '* *^im^Jw^liSWi'balanoe of the pur 19i0, with intereetat, A number of land-owners who have offered their estates to the Ministry under the Closer Settlement Act have declined to state p. jjT^ey have taken up that stood- in'ofuCT.;|0| guard themselves if, at aiw;6itui® iiuncdnditioiial com puleory-purchase V law were introduced. [Under the'existing law the Ministry has pOwer to authorise the Land Purchase and Management"to make an offer for any narticula^ es^aj^ considered suitable for closer - If the owner and the bpard j,j»jiaiEble to come to terms the Miuisiry may ask Parliament, in the form of resolutions placed-before both Houses, to sanction the purchase of the land. On Mon day, at a meeting of the State Cabinet, it was determined to authorise the board to make offers for,two estates retarded as suit able for subdivision. The Premier (Mr. Beht) decbnoM» give apy details of the pr<^0S|@tei^®5fl^^^i3&gipse; the where aboutsmt^fest^es. injquestion. A Archer, daiiy suoeml^^aiwl&^ffiaad the Department of Agriculture^ Bbowing the advantages of irri gation in'Uippfl^tti Mr/Archer refers to tbe-mmppi4»i|iMtf££^dPBrp0nter and Mr. J. There has been, he-^^lw^wm'Ot Hey held since January 3, attd^M jras veiy scarce. On Mr. CarpentetT^tewriucerne, irrigated, had grown at therwl^.A foot in a fortnight, and very -thick, while on the unirrigated portion lt jjp^ On the next block, older ^jStaolisnfea, it had done very well, but not half .as. well as where irri gated. Mr, Caipeater said he intended Selling part of his iahd, as he considers he; canqo' better with «T smaller area under intense culture by means of irrigation. Out of the lucerne he has grown, both hay and ensilage -have bren made. Forty cows are noyf averaging two gallons of milk a day, at the end of the sea son-and on two ocres of jucerpe, afferltwi; weeks' spell, 14 sows and three months; without aniT other fooib and are as fat as iniUC' "Mr* Ktzpatrick milks 80 •cpw& and, but for it-rigation, would have -npthwff'foi' them to eat. In September' last* paddook of maize was sown for green feed for the milkers,- and in January itwaA 18m. high; andahri veiled and stunted. It ,watf theh 4jTtotfl,'«hd ifl a month it was Aft: on March as thl?remainder ^^velled! Mangels,, turnips, . and . lucerne,, showed fljBo 'Ihe-fame. good-Msiu^.ij. pos sible . ^he.>^arer is conveyed ifctffluinels,. good deep-plough niirdws wing almost suf ficient.-:.' ' ^ :• . u - . --i £ The plague of miceir-etill tfoublesome at Warracknabeal, and nothing short of exces sive cold and heavy rains wul clear them off the land. Those that are in the barns and other outhouses will be then easily exter minated. In addition to the bonus now being offered for the destruction of starlings, the Minister for Agriculture <Mr. Swinburne) lias decided to give a similar bonus for the destruction of stablings' eggs. The price paid will, therefore, be 6d. a dozen. Mr. James Wilson, of Berwick, and Mrs. Wilson and family leave for Great Britain on April 11. Mr. Wilson, |un., who is an extensive breeder and exhibitor of pure-1 bred Ayrshires, intends strengthening his herd in Victoria by purchases from the leading herds of Great Britain and Ire land. The early crop of Cape gooseberries in South Wandin has been completely de stroyed by the parrots. They attack the fruit while it is green by .opening the busks, biting a hole in the berries, and sucking the seeds out, and so thoroughly do they complete their work of destruction that on several plantations there has not been a' bucket of berries picked this season. Inspector Cother sued C. Nicol, at the Cobden Police Court on March 11, for hav ing removed and sold diseased pigs. The accused pleaded guilty. It was stated that Nicol had sold six pigs in the sale-yards, under the name of Fryers, and that the nigs on removal had died of swine fever. He was fined £1. Inspector Cother asked for a nominal penalty only. The Richmondvale Estate at Carrajung has been offered to the Government for closer settlement by Messrs. Pentland and Sergeant, of Traralgon, on behalf of the owner, Mr. D. G. Clark. The property com prises 1,200 acres of volcanic hill country, of rich quality, and suitable alike for cropping or dairying. It would cut up into 12 compact farms of 100 acres or thereabouts, and ad joining holders have proved the capabilities of the soil to be very productive^ ' The price stated is £11,000. Messrs. Adamson, Strettle, and Co. an nounce several horse sales during this and the next month:—At St. James, March 23, in conjunction with Messrs. Green, Man ning, and Co.; at Bacchus Marsh, on March 27, in conjunction with Messrs. L. A. Fair bairn and Co.; at Numurkab, on March 30, in conjunction with- Messrs. Campbell and Co.; at Shepparton, on March 31, in con junction with Messrs. M'Bride, Martin, and Co.- at Colac, on April 5, in conjunction with Messrs. J. G. Johnstone and Co.; at Sale, on April 11 and 12, in conjunction with Messrs. Mathieson and Davis; and at Wodonga, April 26, 27, and 28, in conjunc tion with Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Co. A subdivisional sale that should attract considerable attention will be held in Gee long on April 15, when Messrs. Dennys, Lascelles, Austin, and Co., in conjunction with Mr. Randolph Howe, will submit to public competition the Murradoc Estate, situated two miles from Portarlington, three miles from the Drvsdale railway sta tion, and 15 miles from Geelong. This pro perty was purchased from the Crown in the years 1852 and 1851 by the late Mr. W. Harding, and has been in the possession of his family ever since. The property con sists of rich farming and good grazing land. The area is 3,170 acres, which has been cut up into 21 farms, with the option of taking certain adjoining lots. The annual rainfall for the last 11 years has been 28in. Mr. Cullen. M.L.A., brought a very fine I example of the advantages of irrigation to the Agricultural department < on March 8* Mr. Swinburne kept it in the Minister's, room for inspection by visitors. It was a sorghum plant, standing over 7ft. high, which was grown on the wind- driven plains near Mystic-park, beyond Kerang. There arc thousands of acres of this land, and when Mr. Swinburne travelled through that district in November last there was not [ enough feed on the whole area to keep a rabbit alive. At the request of some of the landowners in the district Mr. Swinburne gave facilities for tlie application of irriga tion to a portion of the land. The result is shown in the crop, of which Mr. Cullen's exhibit is a sample. Mr. Angus, a local landowner, has 150 acres of sorghum, which is a very valuable fodder. Mr. Swinburne sa.vs that the experiment exceeded his most sanguine expectations, and he hopes that the lesson will be productive of very valu able results. At a meeting of the Nhill Agricultural and Pastoral Society held on March II, the approaching retirement of Dr. Howell from the public service was dis cussed. As this society has made itself re sponsible for the carrying out of important experimental work under the direction -of Dr. Howell, it views with alarm the stated intention of the Government not to appoint a successor to fill the office. It was unani mously agreed that the member for the dis trict (Mr. W. H. Irvine) should be asked to wait on the Premier and the Minister for Agriculture,at the earliest pdssible date, and' urge the claims of the northern farmers and the state.in general for a continuance of the work, and also, to ascertaiu: their intentions regarding certain proposed ^changes In (he administration of the department. It was further decided to invite the co- opera lion of all agricultural societies in Victoria to-; wards securing, bymeans of a 1/ subscrip tion, a suitable testimonial by which Dr. j Ho well's services migh t be j>ro|erly_recog-. nised. The secretary (Mr. C. H. Towns) of the Agricultural- and Pastoral Society was instructed to communicate; by circular letter, with every society in the state. 1 From trade statistics just to hand Mr. R. Crowe, dairy expert in the Agricultural de partment, hfts 'compiled some interesting tables for the secretary of the department (Mr. E. G. Duffus). In a memorandum re ferring to these tables, Mr. Crowe says:— "It should interest' producers to knbw that out of £70,000^000 worth of grain, flour, Ac., imported in to,Great Britain annually, Vic toria exported only £2,500,000 worth in 1904 with, a good season here. Thirty million pounds waj the villue of meat imported, and our total exports did hot reach half a million. Wpre inmflri^*an!l the — the jatate l»vj^»ofc*|ret rwebe. ' " ^and -wrae-imported "...tha* eo fer/iwhJha^e no? aide to vraoha nf th of * million. To whb are afraid. of over-productio should be re&ssuritig; to know " Britain imports over £HBO,O0O,Ow food products annually of a kind be grown and successfully shipped f toria. The greater part of this huge amount is foe nerishable foDd. For. fche j?&af.; 1903 Viotona ehippea'iaeariy 't#o%hd5<^arter million pounds' worth, orpnly l.lffpgrifcent., and in 1904 nearly-live millions, or $.78 per cent?, of the aboveproduets to all ports. The Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company Limited, which has secured the services of Dr. F. J. Howell, late Govern ment agricultural chemist, in connection with the distribution of its super phosphates, announces that that gentleman will otf"prepared, after March 31, to "fully advise farmers and cultivators generally as to the manures best suited to their special requirements. The company has adopted as its brand the letters M.L. Owing to representations made to Sir Horace Tozer tuat butter exporters in the southern states were using cheap New Zea land woods, alleging that the colour and presence of resin in Queensland woods was causing prejudice in London, Sir Horace Tozer telegraphed to w _ London, and has re ceived a reply that no such prejudice ex isted, and that the commercial agent of New South Wales had recommended his Government to use Queensland pine. As the leases for 14 allotments at Lang Lang and Yalloak, on the South Gippsland line, held by the three lessees from the Agricultural department, expire shortly, it is propdsed to advertise the blocks. The period for which they will be let is seven years, and they may be taken up either as agricultural allotments or glazing areas. The reserve consists of 4,780 acres, and the land is considered generally of superior quality to most of the agricultural reserves. The Devon Cattle Breeders' Association, Somerset, has written to the secretary of Agriculture (Mr. Duffus), pointing out that at a meeting of the council of the associa tion it was resolved to admit foreign and colonial entries in the Herd Book in future from any country or colony that has not established a Devon Herd Book. The en tries for the Herd Book close on January 14 in each year. Those who wish to take advantage of this resolution should commu nicate with the secretary of Agriculture. The unsatisfactory outlook for Queens land farmers who entered upon cottou groWing has induced the Government to consider the question of under taking the marketing of the article for this season. If the gins at the Ipswich cotton mills can be secured, the Govern ment will offer to receive cotton in 6eed and gin and market it. An advance of a penny a pound will probably be made to farmers, and after the cotton and seed are disposed of the balance of the money will be distributed. The London butter market is firmer. The top quotation for Australian shows an ad vance of 1/ on the week, and New Zealand has advanced 2/. Danish is unchanged. The quotations compare with those of a year ago as follows:— Marcli 10, March 9, 1904\. 1905. Danish 111/ 110/ Australian choicest .. 96/ to 98/ 101/ to 105/ New Zealand 98/ to 100/ 105/ to 106/ The India has arrived in London during the past week with a total of 734 tons, in cluding 5511 tons from Melbourne, 180J tons from Sydney, and two tons from Adelaide. The shipments have carried well. Many lots of Victoria butter, it is cabled, have been heated; but this is due to the high tem perature at which much of the butter was shipped from Melbourne. Next week the Oroya is due in London with 258J tons, in cluding 166J tons from Melbourne and 91^ tens from Sydney. It is said that the Land Purchase and Management Board is anxious to secure the extensive areas held bv the Aarrieultural College as an endowment. Officers of the Agricultural department scorn the sugges tion that any use could be made of these blocks for closer settlement. Many of them are now lying on the hands of the council, or leased at a nominal rental, because no one can be found to take them up. Others have been leased by adjacent land-owners and utilised in connection with farms and grazing areas. At Gunyah Gunyah and Jumbuk, in South Gippsland, the depart ment spent £500 in clearing a portion of the 2,500 acres. One man is now on 150 acres of that land. All the other allotments were declined. In Polwarth there are 2,800 acres on which no one can be induced to go. On Lindsay Island and Walpoll Island, in the Murray, there are 70,000 acres, but they are good only for grazing purposes. No one would take any small portion of them and endeavour to make a living from them. These are but typical cases. A few weeks ago Mr, Ross, a member of the Shepparton Agricultural Society, was reported in "The Argus", to have said that there was a danger of the spread of anthrax by the use of bone-meal and bone-manures. Mr. A. A. Brown, M.B., one of the experts attached to the Agricultural department, lias written to the director of Agriculture (Dr. Cherry), pointing out that Sir. Ross is mistaken in this views Mr. Brown states that before the bones are converted into meal or " manure in Victoria, thqy arc steamed, in order to soften.Tligm. This, he contends, would destroy tro;phi-hiax spores. Bones arriving in VietotiaT^ouirbther stales must be steamed, and bones arriving from India have to be at once converts into superphosphates, which is -done by treating them with sulphuric acid, .£■ In concluding his memorandum, Mr. Brown- urges fanners and stock-owners to burn! the carcases of all stock dying "from anthrax. If it is not: practicable to burn them, then lie recom mends that the carcase should be buried deep in the ground, first being smothered witn chloride of bine and afterwards with builders' lime. Giving evidence on March 7 before the Immigration Commission, William Mac faddin, now of Cow-Cowing, Western AuSttSdia, but formerly a farmer in the north of Victoria, touched upon the question of why 60 many in the eastern'states appeared to look with dis favour1 on the agricultural possibilities of Western Australia. He considered that many had been dissuaded from coming to Western Australia by the bad reports pub lished in the east concerning West Aus tralian lands, and that those reports had been circulated intentionally. People had even been sent over to Western Australia to report unfavourably on the land. He knew about those cases personally. Men hgd been'paid to come over here and say the laiul was no good. His expedience 0f the state haduoovinofed him, h^wevefc that the land was bfettertban that in the north of Vicfbria, and convenient to the railway and supply of water. Farmers would come over WTthoilt a system of assisted imtflkra tion. Theclimate here was far better than that oftto part of Victoria «with.wfej8fc to was acntiauHed, and hecertainly would -oa* gbhaAto lbmw the easternatate. MMiiiiiii.amMaamMBHra 