Camden. A. 3. & I. Sooiety's Show* ; ' THE 1905 EXHIBITION. Yet aga'n another year has passed away . iri the holding of the nineteenth annual ex hibition ot' the Camden Aj H. and I. Society, 1905, which has proved, beyond measure, sui;h a success that very few indeed antici pated ^ome months ago. Yes! For who jbpiild anticipate the dry pastures — almost, like Vown paper since November of last vear — bringing forth such important ex hibits in. classes that Camden is so pro* bounced and famed for. . The drawbacks have certainly oeen most critical to owners of animals, but the vast difficulties have ? been fought by willing hands and hearts, supported by the workmen of the society. As will be shown later on the attendance of Visitors on the three days of the show was exceptional, it would be unwise to say a tecord one Stating these facts it is only Correct to name the gentlemen forming , the board of the Camden Society for the yeat 1004-5, when such difficulties have been sur mounted. Weekly meetings have been held, and energy and careful expenditure of i ' feioney have proved the wisdom of fore I thought; It was reckoned a few weeks ago \ r . - that the society would be on the debit side }- - of the ledger by over £100 by the show, and ' this ettm was provided tor to meet contin r' genciesi May it prove the sttui will be , lessened, but still there must be naturally a loss. .The entries in the produce section showed the chief falling off, as also ia the cattle section ; but these statements will follow later on. The gentlemen forming \- tbe board are as follows : — , President* Mr. EL Chisholm. Vice-presidents : Mt\ F, W. A. Downes, 1 M^P., Major A. j, Onslow Thompson, Mr. u -3'. Lakeman, Mr. «fas, E. Moore, Mr, Fred. X Moore; Committee -?Messrsk A. T-. Little, D. Nott, IF. 0. Willie, C, Mcintosh, G. M. M.Onslow J. Mcintosh, T. C. Barker, R. Board man, A V. Moore John E Moore, R. Clemson, W» H. Anderson, T. M, Inglis, E, R. Deas 'Thomson, Lintoli, J, A. Porter, R* W. Thomas, C. Von Arnheim, A. E. Hawkins, E J Dengate, Capt. W. Larkin, G. Arnoid, and D. Bourke, Hon. treasurer : Mr, W. R. Cowper* Secretary t Mr» 0. A. Thompson* i Throughout the three dayB of the show the weather was cool and bracing, with an * entire absence of rain, giving pleasure and i . comfort to all. The show was marked with -? 1 ' , , almost an absence of casualties ; Mr. F. A. Onslow's black horse had a nasty fall in ; , ? ? the maiden jumping contest on the first day, the rider Gus Schneider was thrown, re ceiving a nasty shaking, tut he was fortu . , nately able to be about again in a day or so. \- 1 v . The management of the tfafee days show seemed as on years past to rest on the shoulders of Mr, W. R. CoWper, who was ?, 'courteous and happy in giving information to solicited advice, to those who askfcd him. In the secretary's office Mr. C„ A. Thompson gave bis accustomed skill to all, receiving _ the many remarks from unsuccessful com ' peiitors with knowledge and the propel ' , course to pursue. In the matter of protests it is noted they are few and Unimportant and can be readily settled. Of course in so t vast a number of entries (somo 2000) it Would be indeed strange if some did not complain at the judges awards. This is 'always so. On the whole, in the main sections, cattle and horses, We hear of nc i .i . protests. If there are any critical protests the same will be heard and considered af ' 1 the next committee meeting, which will be 1 , duly reported in these pages. Mr, Urea ic ( J t charge --f the telegraphic department show '? 3, ... - ed his skill in the manipulation of the wlref * -and the local and many Sydney represen tatives complimented him on his accuracy \- Jand puw aality^ of despatch. Perhaps (another * Mr the' late entries, especially in section a. map be reduced and the owners ? ' 'of hor-.t -? lie more punctual to the date oi 1 -closm --f entries, it causes a vast amounl (, »of tro'nliie and can easily be avoided, j ( Fibst Da*, , | . Weln '!'V of the Camden 1905 show V .A.'- ? : was marked *by the prominence witb 1 . . ? which our Oamden society has held most previously and advanced forward the cause of agriculture. Wednesday was a day when the expert judges appointed had to place their black and white mark on. A day of pure discretion not only to the judges in their judgement, but, to the exhibitors and the public who assembled to witness the various decisions arrived at. Mr. J. K, Chisholm J. P., president, at the luncheon table thanked the judges and stewards for their help, Second Day. The visitors at the Camden show included a Parliamentary party, of which Mr. Dick, Honorary Minister, . was the head. The Federal Parliament was represented by Messrs. Fuller and Oonroy, Ms. P., and the State Parliament by Messrs. Morton, Hecley and Anderson, Ms L,A« The Bon. Jehn Kidd, Campbelltown was also present. Mr Dick was introduced by the president of the sodiety on the band rotunda in front of the pavilion, and he formally opened the show in a brief speech, in which he referred to the rcsoutces of the fine district to Camden. The party having inspected the exhibits, luncheon was served, and several toasts were honoured. The toast of the Federal Ministry and Parliament was in tbe hands of the Mayor of Camden (Alderman A. D. Little) who on rising said, Mr. President and ladies and gentlemen. It is usual for the proposement of an, important toast such as this, to. say that he wished the honor, had fallen into more able hands. Mr. President and ladies and gentlemen, I can say so, and mean what I say. However in one sense I am glad t d have the opportunity of welcoming to this district and to this table some representatives of thte Australian Parliament. Although a riged apponent of any form of extravagance I think that it is monev well spent which brings into closer contact the members re presenting the widely separated constitu ences of the Commonwealth. With an area of 3,000,000 square miles, a length of 2,400 and a width of 2,000, representing such enormous diversities of climate and con ditions of life, there must of necessity be many apparently conflicting interest, but, I firmly believe that if the representatives of say, Northern Queensland, those of the dis tant parts of W. Australia, and of Tasmania these representing the Pastoral, the Mining, the sugar growing, interests were able tc see on the spot the ideas and asperatious of each apparently conflicting interest I am sure that such difficulties would exist nc longer. For, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, while Mr. Fuller is the repre sentative of Illawarra, and Mr Conroy ol Werrevva, these gentlemen also occupy the the much higher honor of representing the people of the Commonwealth. It is ui'ged in certaiu quarters that the Parliament oi Australia has not realized the high attain ments expected of it, Perhaps this is true, but, wben we consider the enormouslj difficult task of initiating Legislation foi six separate States. 1 think we may safelj say the Federal Parliament has not done , badly. To those who say the interests oi ? K S Wales have been sacrificed, I would saj i gentlemen, N S Wales is the senior partnei , in this concern, aiid the exhibition you aw , here to-day to see shows that in Agricaltur* i af any rate we are doing our share, but ; there are 5 other partners in this business i Who also are vitally interested and I wonk say, trust to the good sense, tbe patriotism ( and the honor of those men, comprising tht ; Federal Parliament, and I for one have nt ; apprehensions for the future. (Cheers,) . Mr. Fuller, M.P., in responding, said tha L whatever might be said of the Federal Par iament, it was at least fortunate that i i' patriotic body of men had done their bes . for the people. He proceeded to say tha r j the farmers here was handicapped in respec i to transit to market, .Danish diitter wa i carried to London at 27s per ton, while fron j ; Australia the freight was £7 per ton. H I believed the Federal Government could b b relied upon to serve the farming interest in such matters as these. Mr. Ooni'oy, M P., said - hat a section o r members of the Feueral Parliament had beei i like the bull in the china, shop, who said, ' must be doing well, because I am making c such a noise.' The Parliament Was what a the people made it, and the people should c see that bellowers were left out. e Mr. John Lakeman, vice-president of the e society, proposed 4The Parliament of New c South Wales.' He said members were ask- g ed to do too much. They were asked to 1 attend every tinpot ceremony and look after ] every small local interest. Larger elector- ( ates might result in members being able to i ignore these meetings and attend to politics. ] (Applause). Mr. Dicks, in responding, said that the i main objects of the present Government i were first to restore the finances to proper; ! conditions, secondly to stimulate and encour- - age the primary industries, and thirdly, to i increase the educational advantages of tbe ! people. Personally he was in favour of a i constant stream of immigration to this 1 country, but in the meantime, by systems of i technical and other education, the people would be helped to make the best possible : use of the country. (Applause), Mr. Downes, M.P., member for the dis trict, also responded. He believed the pre sent Government would serve the country well ; indeed their Closer Settlement Act was a statesmanlike measure, which would lift the Government above the ruck for all time. Referring to the exhibits at the show he said the display of fruit had shown that Camden might have a great future before it in exporting dried fruits to foreign markets. (Applause). Mr. Mark Morton, M.L A., proposed 'The , Camden. Agricultural Society,' He con gratulated Camden on still having their ven erable president over the society for 20 years. A {ireat deal has been said about settling people on the land, but he hopad tbe Government wfmld settle the land upon the people, instead of locking it up as in the past. (Cheers.) Major Onslow Thompson responded for the society. So far as the finances were , concerned, he would wish that all the farm ing . districts were as sound as Camden, though Camden had only had 6£ inches of ( rain in eight months. Mr. Fuller proposed 'The President,' ? Mr. Chisholm responded-. The show was attended on the second day by about 4000 people. The Camden town band, assisted by some players from New | town, gave many selections of music to the : enjoyment of all. the band also playing on | the third day, the well- known condactor t Mr. G. A, Singleton conducting. [ The Thied Day. The third day was allocated, if so to speak '? to the judging of the very many ring events ' set apart for that day as per the , wise dis \- cretion of the management. The prize I animals not being so long kept in their ' various pens and stalls. The attendance of ? patrons was indeed very large and enthasi i as tic, nearly if not equal to the second day. p The committee had as before stated made p efforts to make the third day one of con r tests in the ring events, and more enthusi i asm to the pleasure of the whole, notably f lady's hackney and lady rider and hackney r pairs, ladies harnessing competition, corn r husking, general parade of prize Winning 3 horses, trotting events, wood chopping and 3 sawing conte4ts, the hunters contest and , the high jpmp. . Altogether the committee's efforts are to 1 be commended for perfectneBS. Two pleasar 5 able facts were marked and noticeable, that 5 those who had no business in the ring were \- absent on this occasion, and the next was — which the society will greatly benefit by t in the long run — the total absence of stupid goose and monkey exhibitions, There was i an entire absence of all betting. Camden t as she has always done leads the straight t line and many a lady in conversation stated t their pleasure at its elimination. The s merry- go-round gave hearty . delight to ci young and old, the careful overseers whose e names we omitted to ascertain took extreme e care of those left in their charge whilst the s horses and boats swung round with great speed. f The Cattle, a Scarcely not a single person in the Cam I den district but who is not an'! ?- lirectly built up by the dairying industry .ud insomuch remains the prosperity by / sareful study of our future animals. The ? --.. ixhibition last week in Camden did not in my means pourtray Camden's wealth in lairy stock, one and all enabled to judge - t itated this view, feeling sympathetically , hat Camden has had a hard task for the 5ast seven months and dairymen would not - jxhibit their stock without being 4 topped ip' by natural pastures. This was im possible, so the. many valuable creatures were kept 'at home.' Shortness of grass s not to be laid to Camden's debit, the high seeding grass the cattle will not touch. -? Some good cattle to students were certainly exhibited as the prize list shows, but it shows also the effects of the bad season. [ndeed were the young future stock absent on this cause alone, a fact most noticeable, rhe section suffered also through loss of 3ome 30 entries which would have been sent in by Mr. Antill, but for an unfortunate family bereavement. The Horses. This section A formed the comment of all for its excellence and none can dispute the ? statement here made ; that it was one of the best selection of horses ever placed before critical judges. One judge went so far as ; to say ' the best exhibition of horses held - in Camden for many years past and could not be beaten in Sydney.' The expression is one that is .upheld by all breeders inter-, viewed. Considering that the horse section comprises some eight pages of the catalogue it is an interesting fact and only known to those whose industry rests therein. Mrs. McMullen'a Moreton Park blood horse.:. - ' Firefly' secured the 40th first prize in the show ring. _ Much praise is due to Mr. E. J. Dengate, . the ring steward, he was here, there and every vrli( r 3 and perfectly carried out the onerous duties or orders to the entire satis faction of judges and. stewards alike. Mr. Dengate has for several years past been a working steward and kept the events in perfect unison. Sheep. After second scrutiny the sheep section is one that demands more careful attention by our guides in agriculture, the exhibits in Merinoes was not equal to the mark of exhibition purposes ; not up to students mark in any mark whatever. Of course, the sheep section is a very vast one aud a varied one. The Australian Merino did not give justice to visitors. Camden Merinoes is always regarded as the Australian breed of sheep bearing good fleeces, there, Camden is regarded the foundation. Pity we can not now keep up £he standard. The best sheep exhibited was unquestionably in Camden last week and the most interesting were the Shropshires. Romny Marsh being , a splendid exhibit. To quote an expression , from the Si M, Herald reporter -% Several breeders are convinced that early maturing lambs and sheep will pay best, and they made a very good . show - of the British breeds.. Many hundreds of sheep are now depastured in our Burragorang Valley, and , it is a pity not one of our friends exhibited. Perhaps next year we may be warmed up ; to shoW au exhibit of fleece from the several breeds of sheep in our district as a help in ' Mixed Farming.' No breeder would care tor a five shilling prize, but the honor of ' winning in Camden is euough. A better exhibit Camden requires for judges, this was : manifested. Pigs. . The swine taken altogether were very fair, certainly not so numerous as in other , years, but still satisfactory. The honors, without doubt felt to the best breeders; of i this there is no doubt, and the exhibitors ? ? i shouid be complimented for tbe healthy condition and breed of their animals, especi- : ; ally the Berkshires Those who visit the ' agricultural shows know well that Camden is always foremost in this section and this ' r year is no exception. Mr. E. M. Betts, the judge, was very pleased with the evidences of improvement in the stud stock of the district. This speaks volumes. The white breeds were well foremost, but somehow the breed seems to fall off in fancy. A ? .? ^ ' Produce. (\i-. ' 'What could any visitor expect but ^ to 4^' 1 1 -witness a falling off in this important section 1 ''' fiwd yet wo may well say an object lesson lo farmers in times of scarcity of rain. The ?iA .l product was interesting, demanding atten tion, perfect specimens of oaten, wheaten and lucerne hay and chaff being on view. ' The vegetable section naturally suffered in like consequence, but wonderful to produce such splendid varieties. Note by the stewards i ' Exhibits in hay should be all in truss or all in bale.' Farm produce was ' v very good considering the season, and fruits ?i'lrv and' vegetables made a good show, * v- Poultry, -= , Perhaps this section may be open to com ment, perhaps not so, for many fanciers are apt to think their bird or birds should win ?' ? , the first prize instead of the second. In all 'i ? , cases the judges award must be his judg ,w ment by education and knowledge in his line of study. It must finish at the point ;? , of index. 'We have heard of several com ' , plaints ia judging, pass that away. There . , . was a splendid exhibition of poultry. The concensus of opinion was in the poultry v. 'i section ' Oh ! such beautiful birds/ which ,, demand two or more judges in classes. The work of the judge was too much for him „s 'to compass. Such perfect examples of , specimens in various sections, notably the , ' -white Leghorn, which seems the fancy of ( -Camden housewives. The caged birds formed an attraction, and were greatly ad mired. In poultry, the section was very strong and demanded the attention of the ' . expert judges. Camden has as yet much to , h' learn in breeding of birds from other out side centres. We must not always quote v ^ i .Sydney exhibits as paramount. Camden . . should be the first. The judge stated the poultry was most excellent. Perhaps next year .the society will see their way clear to appoint judges distinct from fowls to ducks, geese and turkeys, of1 which there are so many classes of breeds, to the benefit of -each individual class. It is indeed a pity to ' breeders of poultry that jthe cause and points of their judges decisions Eire not made applicable for breeders. It would be indeed instructive and a guide for our futures to follow. All points of a bird should be noted and totalled : and the points ready at- hand for the world to know. It is indeed idle to say ' that bird wins,' simply on looking at it. . Give him or her the ticket. We have seen this too frequently pourtrayed. The knowl edge of a judge as to the points of a bird stands and stamps him as an authority. In reporting there is, more trouble listening to complaints of competitors than it does to witness a champion bull or cow.. Camden exhibition of poultry was one of the best ?witnessed outside the Poultry Club of the metropolis which have their touch on every towji in the gltate. 