LESSONS FROM THE ROYAL SHOW. The Spring show of the Royal Agricul tural Society of Victoria, held in Melbourne last week, was more than ordinarily inter esting, lirst us indicating the magnificent agricultural, pastoral and manufacturing potentialities of the State, secondly the line and abundant measure of progress thus fur i attained, and thirdly, the .almost absolute j perfection to which tho breeding and lear- , ing of snoop) cattle, horses, pigs, poultry I and other domestic creatures has been ! brought by many of our most intelligent and export agrarians. The show fell in the midst of three of the finest seasons that we have ever had in Victoria and Australia. It marked for Victoria the complete — more than thb complete — recovery from the cycle of droughts which culminated in the disas ters of 1901-2, and it also marked the close of tho period of slander and detraction which was started during the drought period by anarcliial wreckers for the pur pose of "bearing" Australian leal estate and Government' securities. The cry was taken up by foolish and ill-informed peo ple of various kinds, some because they were paid to do so, and by other.; because they thought that by so doing they could pay their court to "fashionable'' society, and by their magpie reiteration of the anti-patriotic slanders eurivnt in tho circles to which they aspired vindicate their right to be classed as tho superiors of the coniinonpJace and unassuming people who, with their united brains, their lihnds, their enterprise and tlieir capital made such an institution as last week's lloynl Show not merely an ac complished fact but of liner and grander re sults to follow. Doubtlessly during the lean and shrivelled years which foil. wed I on the bursting of the land and bank boom shortly to be followed by t he prolonged drought period, people of all sorts and con- ditions were not m the best of temjiers. Re crimination was in the air. The men and their parasites who were the hankers and croupiers of the groat land and mining gambles which culminated in the morin- torium of 1894 have over since been shriek ing and preaching that it was not tlu-m but tho "other follow" who did it. It was the "six hatters" incident, which, /is the Rev. Dr. h'itchett would say, made Aus tralia a country to be ashamed of, and not of course- the shameful confiscation and robbery of sixteen millions of pounds of British investors on deposit in Victorian banks, in building societies, in so- called investment companies, and in the shares of these then fraudulently managed and manipulated institutions. It is not plea sant to recall tho national ruin and dt» grace that was smothered over in the bank moriatoriuin. But an exegesis of the parly and partisan slanders with which Austra- j lia's people) and industries have been pelted would be incomplete without the rookery being indicated from which these unman nerly birds originally came. They a re silenced now, and will, perhaps, remain-so till some new disaster occurs, such as a return of the droughts, tho bursting of the next boom, or some more than ordinarily severe political defeat which hands over to the people a little more of the control of the country which they have made. In tho meantime there ought to be a remarkably period of expansion an 1 pro gress in Victoria — in agriculture, mining, dairying, wool growing. stock raising, manufacturing— in homo development, and in outside trade- Nowhere in tho world is capital earning such returns as in Aus- tn-lia. and nowhere in tho world either would population increase more rapidly and spread itself more evenly over tho country, if the lands were unlocked to cultivators. The greater part of the lands of Victoria have again become locked in large estates- There are freehold titles where in the last and in tho preceding generation there were squat ter.-;' licences. As the greet bulk of the laud is now merely used for grazing— -the | vervsame purpose for which the squatters j used to bo anathematised and legislated I against— the nnv national cry ought to be | to both, unlock and cultivate tho lands. A j nation car. not- live, grow and expand on , closed and shepherded freehold ostrites any : more th m it could on squatters' lenses. For j in neither aro there labor covenants as in I mining leases. i To-day's Events. — Eaglehawk Police Court, 10 a.m. ; Benevolent Asylum, 3.30 p.m. ; Dorcas Society, 4 p.m. ; Entries Close Colbinabbin Picnic Entries close London College Theoretical Examination, 12 noon ; Annual Meeting Midwinter's Oval Cricket Club. Newell's Hotel, 8 p.m. ; Political Labor League Social. Trades Hall, 8 p.m. ; Eaglehawk File Brigade, 8 p.m. ; Long Gully L.O.L., 7.30 p.m. ; Kangaroo Flat C. C. , Lienhop's Hotel, 8 p.m. ; City Band Euchre and Dance, Town Hall, 8 p.m. ; Golden Square Hom ing Club, 8 p.m. ; Austral Band, Salva tion Army Barracks, 8 p.m..; Refuge Tent. I.O.R. . 8 p.m. ; Lady Erne L.O.L., 8 p.m. ; Eaglehawk P. L. C., Potter's, 8 p.m. Victorian Parliament. — Both Houses meet this afternoon. In the Legislative Council the Water Bill will be further considered in committee. The questions in the Legislative Assembly inoludc one by Mr. Warde, who desires to know, in view of the comments by Mr. Justice Hod ges "upon the action of one of the detec tives" in connection with tho evidence in tho case against F. H. Gray, recently a bank clerk at Bencligo, if the Chief Secre tary proposes to take any steps "to on- 1 sure the criminal law being fairly ad- 1 ministered by the detective police." The Milk Supervision Bill is the measure on the notice-paper. « Federal Parliament.— When the House of Representatives meets, this afternoon the works estimates will be further con sidered. When they are disposed of. mem. hers will be asked to debate the Repre sentation Bill and the Census Bill. On Thursday, Mr. Bruce Smith's (N.S.W.) motion, affirming that Ministers' salaries should ho reduced, and that members' "allowances" should be increased, will be discussed. The Senate will meor on Wed nesday. The Copyright Bill is the only measure on its notice-paper, but the works estimates may be sent up from the House of Representatives on Friday. Protection of Friendless Children. — The Statu Cabinet last night authorised Sir | Samuel Gillott, tho Chief Secretary, to ap. j point- two additional inspectors (male and ; female) luider the Neglected Children's ' Act. Tho duties of tho inspectors will bo ! lo inspect tho children under the care of private institutions licensed by the Go vernment, and also to inspect children ; boarded out by the department. 1 Tho Doubled Income Tax.— "T will confer with iho Tnconio Tax Commissioner on the j poi nt." said the Premier yesterday in refer-' ( nco to the protects that I.r.ve been made against mining dividends being assessed by Mi. Prout Webb. Miners for West Africa.— The twelve) miners and three amalgamators who have been engaged to work in a West African mine left by yesterday's uoon train for Melbourne- There was a large muster of friends to bid them bon. voyage, and as the train steamed away — the commencement of their 16,000 milea journey — three cheers were given, and hopes of a safe return ex pressed. Supremo Court Taxing Mastei'.—'Tho State Cabinet yesterday gave further con sideration to the recommendations of the Public Service Commissioner that Mr. Paul A. AIcAniilf.y, late taxing master for tire .Supremo Court, be dismissed for insubor dination. It had been suggested that owing to the ill heath of Mr. McAnulty he shou'd be retired instead of dismissed. The Cabi net did not come to any decision, deferring the matter until a subsequent meeting. Auauliing a Oiiinesc-The last tram cars from the city to the outskirts might here, as in Melbourne, be Leaned the "boozers' trams." Frequently they have to carry intoxicated people, and these make themselves a nuisance- One distur bance a few nights ago was rather worse than tho general average. The parties concerned were some youths from Long i Gully, arid a Chinese who keeps a store in . California Gully. It is stated that tho Chinaman received rough treatment, his face being badly battered. He has as- certaincd the name of one youth whom, he asserts, took part in tho attack,, and ho lias issued a summons against him. The j case will probably bo heard at the latter end of this week. Found in the Creek. — Shortly before 1 o'clock tliis morning a woman, named Clara Buckley was roaming about Howard Place j with a man named Owen Owens. Some- j how they got too closo to tho edgo of the creek below Harney's Bridge, with the re sult that tho woinun rolled over the side and fell into a bed of soft— slush. Her screams attracted the attention of the police, and besmeared from head to 'foot with tilth she was rescued. .She and her male companion Were marched. otF to the watch-honse, where they were locked up on tho charge of having partaken of too much alcohol. Encouraging Immigration.— Recently tho .State Premier received a communication from tho Agent-General in London for warding a copy of a letter lie (Mr. Taverner) had received from the Tnnl/i idge Wei Is Col onisation Society. This society asked the Go vernment what facilities it would give to enable persons lo immigrate to this State for tho purpose of settling on the hunt. 'J l;e Govern mont were also asked if they would give an assurance to possible immigrants j that they Would bo put on the land. The j matter was before the State Cabinet- last I'iglit and it was decided fo forward a re- | ply intimating that the Govornmont Wau ! prepared to offer every facility in their j power to' encourage farmers to em ! grate i from Great Britain and settle here. It is possible that if settlers ate sent out by the society arrangement s will be made for tem porarily settling them on small areas suit able for th® purpose until the larger blocks aro available under the closer settlement scheme. An Unsympathetic Bench.— "I admit that 1 have been a bad girl, bub 1 Have been working since last April)'' said Annie Chilcern. a short, stout woman, in the Mel bourne City Court yesterday, when charge'! with vagrancy. Several constables gave her a very bad cluir icter, and described her as ' a nuisance about Elizabeth and Lonsdale streets. .So far as they knew, she had lono no work for some time past. "Do give me a chance." the woman pleaded, with tears in her eyes. "1 will turn over a new leaf and bo a hotter girl. My people are at Bondigo, and I will go away if you give me a chance." Whatever sympathy the ben oh may have had for her immediately vanished when Sergcuit Rattray read out her re cord, which was a very bad one. "Twelve weeks' imprisonment," announced the chair, man. and tho worn ;ui was led away after she had intimated her wish to appeal against the sentence- Tho Bendigo Meat Supply. — Mr. S. S. Cameron, M.R.C.V.S., one of the Central Board of Health veterinary inspectors, | will to-day inspect the municipal cattlo and sheep yards and local slaughter yards. He will bo accompanied by one of the lo cal inspectors. It is supposed that his visit here is in connection with the pro posal to make Bendigo a meat area under the Meat Supervision Bill, with a view of oreeting central abattoirs in tho district. A Garnishee Case.— Louis Herman v. tho Runtly Council, heard in the City Court yesterday, bristled with "legalities." Mr. Herman some considerable time ago secured a judgment, for JC9 Is 8d against Mr. W. J. Ilinton, of Iluiitly, which was not satisfied. He then proceeded to at tach moneys said to be due to the debtor by tho Huntly Council in respect to a j oontiact. The original order came on for hearing last week/ and the issue was or dered to bo tried by yesterday's justices. Air. ltymer (Messrs. Quick, Hyott, and Rymer) appeared for the council, and Air. Cahill for the judgment creditor, the deb tor not being represented by counsel. Air. Ni Gan watched tho -case on behalf of "several interested persons.'" The argu ments were chiefly on the point whether the council had contracted any liability with ITinton. It was proved that he had a contract in hand, but the money for such work was considered not yet attach able. Tho bench found to that effect, and dimissed tho case, allowing the council £2 2s costs. The R.AI. remarked that to him it did not seem a proper tiling that a sun of a councillor should be a contrac tor for tho council. Air. Rymer assured tho magistrate that that phase of the mat ter did nut enter into the law on the sub ject. Ho also contended that there was nothing wrong in a son contracting, as in this case the father did not constitute the council. The council had acted bona tide. No further comment took place. Air. Ni Gan asked for costs on behalf of liis clients, but. tho bench would not enter tain the request. City Court. — Leslie Saunders and .John Alsop, two fruit-hawkers, were each fined 2s 6d by the magistrates yesterday for ob structing the l'oadway with tlieir trucks. Two cyclists who neglected to carry lights on their machines were fined 10s and 5s- respectively. The 10s fine was imposed because the offender when asked his name cleared off from the constable, but he was soon caught again. Fines ranging from Is to 10s were inflicted on parents whoso children, had not attended school tho required number of days during the Alarcli-A ay quarter. The Alice Plague Abating.— Tile plague of mice, which did so much damage in the earlier part of the year, has (says a Charlton correspondent) disappeared from that district. Considerable damage was done to the stacks and barns. Several cases of the mieo disease in human beings have occurred. A Poisonous Insect. Blinds a Alan. — A very painful occurrence happened (says our Fostcrville correspondent) to Mr. J. Coates (caretaker of the Government water channel) a few days ago. Ho was attending to the wa tor-race through tho AYellsford Forest, and happening to look UP> ail insect of some description fell into his fight, eye. stinging i tv severely. At first ho did not take much notice of it, thinking it would soon get better. But as it continued to get. worse, nearly driv ing him frantic with pain, he at. last sought medical aid. .His eye has become quite blind, and greatly swollen and in flamed. The doctor fears that the sight will be lost. The Railway Picnic. — The usual legion of visitors is expected next, Saturday by 22 special trains. Reports from the prin cipal stations of the State show that, the number of tickets sold is very large, and altogether 14 specials will bo run from Melbourne, including one via AVallan. The lirst will arrive at 8.9 a.m., leaving AIol- bourno at- 3.50 a.m., and the last, at 12.39 p.m.. 'Ihe departmental train is timed to reach here at one o'clock. Tho first de parture for Arelboume will bo at 4.15 p.m., and the trains to the metropolis will lie got away at intervals up till 6.36 p.m. There will be two specials from Ballarat, one each from Daylesford. Wycheproof, Swan Hill and Kyabrani, via Ecimca. In addition, passengers at Eehuca and inter mediate stations will be picked up by specials run from Seymour ami AVallan. via Eehuca. The cloak-room on the plat form has been fitted up with temporary shelves for the bundles of luggage which ro usually left- during the dav by visi tors. Licensing Court, — 'Yesterday Alfred St raker was granted a publican's licence for the railway picnic sports next Satur day, and Afartin Kelly for the Boort Show and races. . , + Fin- in a Bedroom.— A tire occurred at the residence of Air. A. E. Walhs, auc tioneer, in Wills street, a few doors from Alitchell street, last night. One of the children was carrying a lighted caudle ; through one of the front bedrooms whe the fiauie came in contact with the bed j draping- In an instant ; the mllamnjablo , material was ablaze. The cry of fare j caused someone to break the ann"£ltiljC| ! intersection of Garsed and AiitcheU ; streets. But the services of the brigade were not required. Several civilians, 11 - 1 duding Mr. D. Smith, ALL. A., who was passing at the time- rushed in, and the irc-ro subdued. The drapings were burned, and the damage, which will amount lo about £10, is cover ed by insurance). Danish Land Settlement— Ihe Cabinet- at its meeting last night, decided to draft o bill embodying proposals totGepeopl without capital on the land, under » hat has been termed "the Danish sjstem. 1 e bill is to be placed before Parliament at an eaSupp-(l Horse Stealing:— Aiexaiider AVilson, a cab driver, has reported to the police the loss of a pony mare and a browil gelding, valued at £10 and £8 respectively. Ho states that the horses wore placed m a ! securely fenced enclosure at ins house Honeys u ok lo street on 8th inst., when they , suddenly disappeared. Each is identi fiable. ,r , ril , Golden Square Working Mens Club. The monthly meeting was held last evening, 'tho president iAIr- A. O. Hollow) m the chair. The report of the treasurer (Mr. W . Peri v), showed that the receipts for t io month were; Subscriptions, £1 17s 3d; billiards, £7 16s 3d; waste paper, Is off- Vcoouuts total liug £31 16s 3d were passed for payment. Air. H. AV. -James wrote, j thanking the club for the use of the room and other assistance rendered to the Gold en Square Hospital Sunday celebration- Air J L- Edwards was elected a member of tho committee, vice Mr. L. Nicholas, who has left tiie district- The chairman re ported that 419 books had been issued dur- in « the month, and that four new books had been placed on the shelves, and 71 books were 're-bound. Four new meinbexs had joined the institute, Ihe caretakers salary was increased V 10s per week. A vow of thanks was accorded Aliss James, who lias severed her connection with (lie club, for the manner in winch she can-led ! out the duties of assistant librarian for I many years past.. A protest by Air. I i'el-rV against tho billiard tournament being | played out owing to several of the players i being unfinaucial, was allowed after a I long discussion. It was also decided to 1 have a fresh draw, omitting the luiliiianciaj members, and that -Mr. J. Turner, who holds a place in the final of the tourna ment, play off the winner of the second ! tournament- . Lon" Gully Mechanics — The monthly meeting was field last evening, those pie- sent being, Alessrs. Semmens (president,, Nioholls, AV arivn, Roscrow, Beckensali, AVhite, Penberthy, Connell, and Dunstaii. The secretary reported that during tfie j month 371 books hud been lent out. The ceipts had been £6 9s Id, made up of bil liards, £4 18s 3d; mid subscriptions. £1 10s lOd. Ho quoted some interesting figures ; ' regarding the billiard table, showing that j ! for tho eight months of the present year . I tho tablo had yielded £43 8s od. while ! since its introduction in A lay, 1903, £198 | 3s 9d had been received, an average of £6 j I 5s monthly. Accounts for £4 17s 6d were j i passed for payment. i Elders' Association.— The monthly meet- j ing was held at Air. G. Bissel s residence, j Golden Square, last night. Air. AV . An- j derson (president), was in the chair. Ar- | ningements were made for conducting sor- 1 vices at the Neale street mission school on j 14th and 28bh inst. The next meeting was fixed to take place at Dr. Cowosi's re- sidencc, Eaglehawk. At the conclusion of i the business Dr. Cowen lectured on "Tho i Welsh Revival." j C. E. Society. — A meeting was held in I the Alethodist Church, Arnold street, to i form a. Christian. Endeavor Society in con- I nection with the church. The Rev. G. A. i Judkins was in the chair, and explained I 'tho objects of tho meeting. Air. C. S. j Clucas, president of tho Bendigo Union, j and the secretary, also spoke briefly on 1 C. E. work. All present signified their intention of joining tho society, and the 'following officers were appointed: — Pre- sident, -Mi. Kentish ; vice-president, Air. ! Shepherd ; secretary, Mr. Came ; trea surer. Aliss AI. Mitchell ; union delegate, Air. Ashley. It was decided to meet on I alternative Alondays, the first meeting | to be held on Alonday, 18th inst-. Austral Band. — The members of tho I Ladies' Austral Band connected with tho Salvation Army, gave a performance be- | tore a packed audience in the Army Bar- I racks. High street, last night. Several ; band selections and choral items wore » given by the members, and each was j loudly applauded. A duet was rendered < by Major and Aliss Ross, while solos were ! sung by Lieutenant. Banks and Alisses Dwyer and Lee, the latter with band ac- : companiments. Aliss Oakes played a cor- j net solo, while several glees by tire mem- j bers of the band were effectively given. The band makes its final appearance to- nivjht. j Hopetoun Band.— Tho Hopotoim Band ' aro holding a series of social evenings to augment their funds. One was held in the , bandrxun last evening, when the atteiul- j anco was satisfactory. A nice dance pro- | gramme was gone through. Air. A. Trus- cott; made a capable M.C., while Air. I' ; Lad.l was an efficient pianist. " j Lodge Dance.' — The annual euchre and i dan co of tho Loyal James Roe Lodge takes ' place in the lire station on Wednesday ; night, and the event promises to be highly ! j enjoyable. A meeting of the lodge com- j | mittee was held last night, when final ar- j rangements were made, ,;uid satisfactory j 1 progress reports received j Ei(chrc and Dance. — To-night, in the | ' Town Hall, the annual euchre and dance 1 ; of tiro Bendigo City Band takes place, j and the gathering promises to be in every ! ' way a success. Splendid prizes are offered j for the euchre, while an orchestra of 15 ' jrerformei's has been engaged for the dauo- ing. Judging by the number of tickets j sold the attendance will be very large. Mr. J. U. Curnow and Mes-n. II. M. Marks 1 and Co. (auctioneers in conjunction) announce I ll.af "Toorok," Mollison street, iv i 1 1 be open ! for inspection from 2 to 5 o'clock this Coy. I . Tin. sale of the house and contents commences : j nt 10 a.m. to-morrow nnd will be continued j j en Thursday. j AVe would remind those intere-sted that to-; ; day Simpson and Burton's suction dust ex- j i tiacfor will be exhibited at work at tho Bee- i . hive between (ho hours of 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. j Or. Thursday next it may again be seen in i ; operation at the Beehive, and on Friday fol- i j lowing at the Town Hall, Bondigo. " ! , Bush advertises peas ns u cheap and ; profitable food for poultry and pigeons, and ' chum; thai at the price thev are being sold , at Bush's Stoics, next. St. Paul's Tower, viz.. ' 4 per bushel, thoy are a very economical food . for poultry. 