Factory Opening. I In our last Friday's iasuo we stated . that Mr Bennett-, M.L.A., juBt prior to refreshments being served out, ad dressed the large gathering at tbo far. tory on the ocoueion of tie. opening. Mr Bennett, who was received with cheers, said he was very ploaucd to bo afforded the opportunity of addi esaing tnem uiau aay auu congratulating uie uh&reholders; upon tho completion of their faotory. He, spoko of the bono-, fits of co-oporation and recalled the fact that he and the late Mr W. A. Smith had triod somo 7' or 8 years ago to ostablisli the cooperative prin ciple in the district, but wero evident ly in so doing a bit ahead of the times. Tho dairying industry, ho contended had been the salvation of the district. The maize crops-owing to Jloods and othor causes had failod or become un profitable, and rocourse was had to dairying, in which great strides had been made. Throughout the whole Commonwealth in fact tho dairying industry had wondorfully oxpanded, which had oaused many to fear that it would soon be overdone. That was not likely to be the case. He had re cently read the conclusions of a com missioner sent by the South Austra lian Government to foreign parts to report on the buttor industry. That gentleman stated that Denmark had reached its limit of production, tho population of America had so in creased and swelled the number of consumers that export of butter from that Continent had deoreaeed, while tlie northern countries of put-ope and Asia had to put up with climatic severities unknown to tho Australian dairyfarmer. Being at the Antipodes, too, Australia was able to oxport. just at the time when weather conditions interfered greatost with Danish buttor production. Tlio handicap of distanco was also being minimised by fast steamers and insulated chambers, and tho introduction of the turbine system would give speedier-passnge still. Iu 1902' England bought £20,000,000 worth of butter, and of this amount Australia only ? contributed between £2,000,000 and £3,000,000 worth. But as time wont on Australia's share of the trade was gradually creeping up to Denmark's, aud he hoped the tasto for Australian butter would so grow that it would gain first place in tlie English market. Butter could be produced here all the year round more chcaply than in Denmark, because there did not exiBt here the necessity of stall-feeding the cattle a great part of the year. Still, he would urge the dairyfarmers to make, provision for a , season such as tho present by going in for irrigating small plots to provide fodder for the hord. Mr Piper had set' a good example by the erection of that windmill they saw in the distance; As a proof of the benefls of irrigation ho would mention that the British Government had spent £20,000,000 or £30,000,000 in irrigation in Egypt, aud the population within the area dealt with had increased from i or 5 to thirteen millions, carrying an aver ago of lj people to tho acre, and ? swelling the production per acre from £80 to £50 up to £150 and £200 per annum. A good deal might be done \- on some farms by the construction of dams and conserving water in that way, a scoop being of great use at times iu effecting that end. He knew a man on the Lichlau who irrigated land and fed 70 head' of sheep during the drought. Experience had shown that three things , were essential iu dairying : firstly, a good class of cattle ; secondly, ample and good feed j and thirdly, cleanliness and care in regaid to cream, ltespecting the last- mentioned, farmers living 15 or 20 miles away could hardly expect to get first class cream, and must be con tent with second. That would be so becauoc tho cream was often kept for days and allowed to accumulate bef-re being sent to tbe factory. One thing he held that would give a great im petus to dairying in this district would be the North Coast railway. Since he had been in Parliament lie had pressed that matter and kept it under the notice of the House. Mr Carruthers had assured him (Mr Bennett) that he would bring in a bill before Christ mas authorising the construction of the line, and dospite the ' Daily Tele graph ' and its bitter opposition he had hopes that the train would be running into Dungog within the next 18 months. ' CHear, hear.) He was not a member of the ' Btiuking fish ' party, but had every confidence in tb» countiy and its financial Bolidi ty. A competent authority had com puted the actual national debt of N.S. 'Wales at only £9,000,000, that is there was only that amount of the total uncovered by asset. Poople need not be frightened at money being spent on works that would develop the country, and sooner or later re turn interest on capital as well, the speaker at this stage deuling severely with the methods of ? the Reform party . The more money invested . in llio Stato the moro people came to populate it, aud experience went to show that the moro people there were tho greater the opportunities for in dividual advancement. Besides, they needed a bigger population for de-' fence purposes. He hoped to bo able to table a motioe shortly asking Par liament lo sot money apart for desir able immigration. There were great ?states shut up and used as mere cattle walks, which in suitable dis. triots should be thrown opon for settle ment. At present people cannot get land, and the progress of tho country was retarded. Bo thanked all for the patient hearing ho' had received, and pgaiu congratulated the people of the distriot upon the erection of thatsplen djd faotory, which lie would .... ^ ? ? long run iu the iuteres's of thorn all. (Loud applause.) Jlr F. A. Hooke felt 'it incumbent on him lo correct, a . tiiisconccption a portion of Mr Bennett's speech might give rise to. Farmors-living'at a dis tanco must not necessarily get sccond class for their cream Arrnngemonis had been made to bring in oream ai often aa possible, uud thus give the farmcro an opportunity of Bonding it iu a fresh mid swoet condition. It would bo brought in from tho distunt places twieo a week, and wlion the supplies increased 8 times, or oftener in tho week. The directors could be relied apon-°to do their part in the matter. (Applauso.) A few word* from Mr Alison in ac knowledgment . of three cheers given for his sifter, concluded tho cere monial portion of tho day's proceed ings. . ? , ? The newly established buttor factor}' at Tonterfield paid lOJd por lb. for commercial butter. Roid and party, who are raising such a howl over the Federal Govern ment's closure resolutions, applied them thomsolves when in powor in this State. Doakin has cited. the fact, and remarked thut as usual Mr Beid's words and actions afford tho best urguments that can be used against that chameleon politician. 