Notes and News,,' t The annual meeting of subscribers to the Gympio Ambulance Transport Bri- ] gade was held at the Town Hall Jast night. Tfclo President. Mr. J. Geary, occupied tho chair, and there was an at tendance ol about twenty. Tljj annual report and financial statement was taken _ _»_ J ntir? n/irtTvf -w1 nnnn tVlA Tnftt.l An of the Chairman, seconded by Mr. J. Hood. The Committee's report siaU'-: t!..it. f-o amount received in the form of sutsMy irom tho Government was at tho rate of aiout 23/ In tl'c ????un-J -hicn was a lefs of about 7/- in 'he pound on previous s'«'-- Fidics. Tho Superintendent's report mention ed that tho number of cases attended during tho year was 276. The financial statement \- shows that the receipts during tho year were : Contributions and subscriptions. £129 9s lid : subsidy. £-286 15s 3d : proceeds from concerts and entertainments, £51 7s lid. The chief items of expenditure were : Salaries, £158 9s Sd ; bearers' pay and re moval expenses, £41 8s : general repairs, £50 8s- 9d : printing, advertising, petty cash, etc., £26 Is 5d, lighting account, £30 12s lOd. uniforms £25' 10s f«l. The balance to credit on May 31st was £96 16s lOd. but the report states that as the annual collec tions were not Completed before the close of the financial year £26 14s had been receiv ed since, making the balance to credit on June 14th £123 10s lOd. After the adop tion of the reports Mr. Llewelyn moved that it be an instruction to the incoming Com mittee to consider the advisability of al lowing^ the Superintendent to act as secre tary. Mr. Barcislcy seconded the motion pro forma, and a discussion ensued. A bal lot was demanded upon the question, and UDon boinc tnken resulted in 12 votes focinc recorded in favour of tho motion, and 52 against, including proxy votes. Tho election of officers resulted, as follows : — Patron, tho Mayor (Aid. G.. Garrick) : Pre sident. Mr. J. Geary ; Vice-President. Mr. E. Baker : all elected unopposed. For tho seven scats on tho Committee there were 8 nominations and the ballot resulted as fol lows :— W. E. Burbidge 76. II. Brocker 75. T). Mulcahy 75. J. Hood, 73, G. A. Potter 73\. H. Llewelyn 5!-. W. G. Ambrose 53. and J. Webster 48. The seven first mentioned were declared elected, and the proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the Chair man. A meeting of members of the Gympie Stock' Exchange was held on Friday, in re Ponse to a request from the Chief Commis sioner, in which the opinion of members was fought as to the working of Section 2 of 'The Stamp Act Amendment Act of 1904.' relating to the transfer of shares. Members generally thought that the. Section afforded transferors a certain amount of relief, but they were of opinion that the section would be strengthened by a provision imposing on sectctnries and directors a penalty in the event of secretaries not complying with Sec tion of the Act. ThB farm on Pie Creek, known as Orange Grove, containing 682 acres, was submitted to auction on Saturday, but the highest bid. £700. did not rench the reserve, and tho property was consequently withdrawn. Mr. Robert J. Fraser has been appointed foreman of works of the Esk Shire Council at a salary of £156 per annum. It is stated that the Rev. J. Adamson, who recently contested the Burrum plebiscite is at present seriously ill. The Rev. L. L. Wirt, B.D.. is announced to deliver his popular lecture on Klondyke at the local Congregational Church on July 10th. The lecture has been delivered by Mr. Wirt in the chief cities of the Com monwealth, and Invariably with successful results. Speaking of the lecture as deliver ed at liaunceston (Tas.) some time ago. the local 'Telegraph' says 'The word pictures Mr. Wirt painted of the frozen northland shut in by Jack Frost's padlock were vivid in tho extreme. . . . One could almost lancy seeing the crrat stretches ol ice-fields that hemmed in the pioneer gold-seekers. . . . His dramatic recital of his. own ex periences of opening up mission work at Cape Gnome alone was worth going a long way to listen to.' Mr. Wirt has paid one visit to Gympie. and those who beard him upon that occasion will look forward with . pleasure to tht lecture alluded to. Sir Augustus C. Gregory, K.C.M.G., died in Brisbane on Sunday of pneumonia. He had rcactod his 87th year all but ten days. Sir A. Gregory, at the time of his death, occupied tho position of District Grand Mas ter of English Freemasonry in Queensland, and was also a member of the Legislative Council. He for some years previously held the position of Surveyor-General in Queens land, and at that time was one of the lead ing Australian explorers, being among those who were first to cross the continent. The body will be embalmed and placed in the Masonic Hall, where it will remain until Thursday next, when he will .be accorded a Masonic funeral, at which all country lodges In Queensland will probably bo represented. Sir A. Gregory was unmarried. An Order-ln-Council has been issued pro viding that :— No person shall remove any stock from the place where such stock are depasturing or being kept to any other place unless such person shall first have given, notice to an inspector of his desire to rc movo such stock, and shall have obtained a written permit from such inspector. Such notice shall contain the following particu lars :— (a) The number and description of the animals, (b) The place- on the run where they are located, (c) Thu name and place of abode of the owner, (d) The route by which he desires to travel or remove the animals, (e) The name of the person who will be in charge of the animals while they are being travelled or removed, (f) The date of the proposed departure of the ani mals from the run. (g) Tho proposed de stination of the animals, (h) Whether the animals or any of them are diseased or in fected with ticks. Tho herdsman of the Emerald Shire Coun cil is on the Sapphire field for the purpose of registering goats, &c.; As some doubt exists as to the power of the Council to levy on miner's stock, the Rockhampton 'Bulletin' understands there will be a test caso if the Council's demands are persisted in. A mild sensation has been caused over a Paragraph appearing in a Bendigo paper in which it was stated several young ladies had refused to take part in the opera scenes at the Austral competitions because they ob jected to wear the costumes they were call ed upon to wear. The Ministers' Associa tion, acting on the strength of the para graph, passed a resolution expressing apr proval of the stand taken by the young lad ies, and decided to write to the society con demniHg that section of the competitions and protesting against : Sunday ^rehearsals. Subsequently, in the course of a sermon In Forest-street Methodist Church, the Rev. R. Kelly denounced the opera scenes, and said it was time that the churches took up a Position in opposition to such competitions. Tho subject was brought forward at a meet ing of the Austral Society, but action was deferred pending the receipt of a letter wnich it had been reported the Ministers' Association intended sending to tho so ciety. Tho West Australian Government appears to bo doing something to encourage immigra tion. By the . Ortona, which arrived' at Fre mantle a week or so back, there landed six Danish and one Swedish immigrant, sent by the Western Australian Agent-General's of fice. All1 tho men were young, about 21 years of age, and were agricultural labour ers. The Swede was a skilled dairy-farmer. They had paid only £6 10s for their pas ! sage, or half-fare, the balance being defray ed by the Western Australian Government. According to the Perth 'Herald' the Feder al Immigration authorities appeared to be somewhat suspicious, but as tJbe men stated they had no written contract, they could not take an? steps in regard to them. It is understood that more Danish and Swedish labourers of the same class are to be sent out to Fremantle shortly. Last Monday morning a well-known Vic torian sportsman reading 'The Ago' at breakfast time, and being reminded by the date that the previous day was tho anniver sary of the Battle ol Watorlooo. said to his son, 'Yesterday was a great day for Eng land. Charley 1' The youngster, who flad been waiting an hour previously for the ar rival of the newspaper boy, promptly re sponded, 'Not a patch on what Saturday would have been H the wicket bad bsen play able.'— 'Javelin.' ? Hundreds of men aro engaged In 'tho southern district of N.S. Wales rabbit trap ping. Many, it is said, aro earning £3 a week. In five years' time- South Australia and Victoria will produce sufficient currants to supply the Commonwealth, and next year South Australia will produce 'enough sul tana raisins for her own needs. The Wellington correspondent of tho '»W.B. Nows' relates that a' well-known Wellington detective was some years ago sent to Auck ? lano. 10 nuep an eye on a set ox snarpcrs ! nmd thieves who were there' at tho time. ( ? Result : The drtrctive had his pockets care fully picked of everything they contained ' that was worth taking, and was advised ' throi^h a local paper by the tfticf as to j where he should find his watch, pocket book, &c.; Tho writer assures his readers that this actually occurred, though some may think to tho contrary. 'Jay Pay,' to a delinquent who has looked upon the wino when it was too red : 'You are fined £2 or six months.' Delin quent, to- the unpaid 'May Pay' : 'Here's fourteen bob. your Worship. That's 7s. in the pound — all you raid me. your Worship, out of your estate when you bust up over the last general election.' Hindoo children arc remarkable for their precocity. Many of them are skilful work men at an age when European children are learning the alphabet. A boy of seven may be a skilful wood-carver, while some of the : handsomest rugs are woven by children not yet in their teens. .Chinese Coolies for Samoa. — Chinese labor ers aro now being largely employed In the Samoan Group. The steamer Manapauri, which arrived at Sydney, last week from Apia, brought news of the arrival thero of tho transport Progress, having on board 521 Chinese coolies. During the trip on tho steamer one of the coolies died, and tho Government medical. ? officer rejected fivo others on arrival. 