[?] , Tkajdra oljfche farmer is that in ttaegreat division ' of Ul^frlaftos part to oreate.— B. W. Emerson. Oranges are selling at 12s and Us per cue in West Australia. ' * ilwiyBreliftble-Weaaing Presents, bought '? jMbnppy dbg about two months old, of the Kelpie breed sold in the open market it fMMfc I last week, reaUBed968. The output of the Bega C!o-operatiye Cr^ftMiiryCoBiiptiiy at the present time is dfttitVtons of butter weekly. ' ' 19,470 lambs were yarded at Flemingten ! list ?Thuapsday— several thousands more than the previous largest record. \- 46' out of 59 blocks on Burburgate ; Station, Giinnedah, were mid by auction Uat week, the highest price being £8 per vaore. ?? \- A N*ir England paper states that Mr. A Hoy, of Bound Swamp, near Walcha, 1 setuMd^liPerbagforoatsafewdaysagd. ?; Thiais propaWy a record price. Fourteen tons of rabbits were sent from Gunnedah freezing: works in one week, *a4 there were six tons more loaded on Monday in the following week. Jn oaring jteold you do not want to ex i perjmenMr}iat you require is an easily taken, safe nudioine. Ton get that in ' Bonnino . XW'slBIfK'MOBB.'' .' OnlJoyember 30,20,000 acres of Killamey station, near Narrabri, will be thrown , open for settlement, The Lands Com-, mission must be stirring the authorities Mndgee Dairy Company, has received adnrcxhat - its'first shipment of unsalted ' butter' this season to London, per the ' Miltiades, realised 116s per cwt., the top price for Australian butter. Th'ereare about1 100 people supporting their ./families by supplying Gunnedah freezing works with rabbits— one man alone is making £15 per week. A corres pondent to a Gunnedah paper states that he trapped 15,000 rabbits on Bando Station in June. The output of Foley's butter factory at Cootamtindra last month was 13 tons 8c wt l^r 191b butter, representing 31,1831b. Suppliers w#re paid £1316 Us Id. During the month 500 boxes were sent toLondon, ' representing in all 28,0001b net. ?. ' John flaynes has commenced legal pro ; otedidg^ for the annulment of the im provement leases granted -to the Messrs ? lEdolB, Burrawaog, and Mack and Austin otNarrpmine. Edols paid Willis £6000 . and. Mack, and, Austiin paid him £1500. The Pilliga Scrub Crown lands, cover inifcMHWpQQ acres, are a prolific breeding ? grftund for the jabbits, which have eaten out many settlers in that locality, and practically ruined the wheat crops. This is the land Carrujbhers proposed to give ' to the backwoodsmen immigrants from London, a'^d Glasgow. rBjepnrchase by the Crown for Closer ... Settlement Durpeses has proved a huge fa^u^jui Queensland. There is only one legitimate way in which to secure bona ftffp ' jbjqser settlement— that is to en ceurage large owners to open their estates by making it unprofitable to keep them lofckedhap As, a' result of representations from Bbmbida, a proclamation has been issued decuring ' the domestic cat which has . become wild to be a natural enemy of the ' '' rabbit,' mai prohibiting the wilful 1 ' wdunaisg, killing, or capturing, selling or dli$diurig of such animal within the pastures protection xlistriet of Bombala. At the sale of Mr. W. Watson's herd of . sixty cows a Byangum, Tweed River, hut week springing' cows went to £16 10s, 1 and heifers fo £12. The highest price for a cow was £20 2s* 6d. A Durham bull brought £29 10s, and two bull calves £6 5s each. The average price worked out at £11 10s per head for the herd. The sale realised £730. At the last annual convention of the stock boards, at which there were present 50 elected delegates from 60 out of 65 boards, a resolution was passed unanim oudy that the Pastures Protection Boards should not be absorbed by the shire councils. Mr. Ashton, who was present, can be under no delusion as to the real opini6n of the boards; Mr. Dulhunty, Dubbo's stock inspector, writer :— ' I am aorry to say that in many instances the crops have been almost entirely destroyed by rabbits, which are simply swarming on the Crown lands.'1 The untJienated areas in that part of the country are almost entirely composed of \- dense scrub, on - which nothing is being done to cope with the rrbbit pest. Mr. Charles Wilton a dairy farmer near Muswellbrook, is milking a herd of 80 grade Jerseys. No hand feeding has been done, and for some time back the only ' green ' stuff the cows have had has beuu that furnished by thistles. He sent to the factory the product of 7o, su»d his Jast cheque was £51 oiiii J'or the half mouth— or at the rate of almost 7s per week per cow. A contributor to uu English paper, writing about a walking tour lie made, says : — ' When I walked across Denmark I carried with me the knowledge of the uniform quality of Danish butter, and I traced this uniformity to its source. All the cows (at least ia the island of Fune land) were roau in colour. They did not graze at will, but bad a uniform allowance of pasture, this being secured by tethers fastened to stakes at uniform distances in the fields. The milk was turned into butter at a local factory under Govern ' ment iuspection, and all which did not reach a certain standard was excluded from the foreign market, and had to be consumed at home.' 