JOTTINGS. An unused sixpenny Transvaal stamp with Inverted red surcharge was sold ror £105 at a sale in London lately. It is claimed that Lake Erne produces more fish to the square mile than any other body of water in the world. Spiders are met with in the forests of Java, whose webs hare so strong that it requires a knife to cut through them. Dunstable district holds a record of its own. Every year pver 48,000 larks are dis patched to London to make lark pies. Its a thousand times better.to read a little and think a great deal more, than to read a great deal and think a little. The Berlin authorities have refused a bequest of 125,00.dol. for the purpose of establishing an orphanage conducted up on vegetarian principles. The Army Medical Corps is dubbed tbe "Linsecd Lancers" by the rest of the Ser vice, while the Army Service Corps is de-v ucribed Its the "bread-and-meat men." A Danish servant girl at Copenhagen has been left £162,500 by a distant rela tive. She refuses, however, to leave her duties until her agreement with her mis tress expires. Dr. Waldo, the Southwark (Eng.) coro ner, said one cause of the spread of diphtheria was licking slates at school. A doctor said kissing was another cause of the spread of the malady. As a means of identification of criml nals the linger-print system is far superior to any. The chances of identity-that Is, of any two persons' finger-prints being alike-is less than one in 64,000,000,000. Russia has probably the most cameioul lax in the world. It is called the "amuse ment tax," and was instituted a year ago to found an institution for the poor. Ti,. taxi is laid upon every amusement ticket sold. Free grants of 100 acres of forest- land are made to every settler over eighteen years of age in New Brunswick, Quesee, and Ontario, and 160 acres in Manitoba, the North-West Territories, and British Columbia The small tortoiseshell butterfly will calmly go to sleep for the winter in the corner of a whitewashed ceiling, where it is as conspicuous as a cat on a snow covered lawn! The Italian child is never allowed to rub its eyes. If it burst into tears it is noe repressed, but allowed to have the cry out. This, it is claimed, beautifies the eyes, and makes them clear, whilst rubbing the eyes injures them in many ways Between the mountains of India and Persia is a powerful tribe amongst whom an extraordinary custom prevails. Wo men's rights have apparently received (ull recognition, for the ladies of the Iribe can choose their own husbands. At one time the weight of a crowd was determined at between 821b. and 102lb. perfsquare foot; but recent experiments in Germany go to show that this is a great under-estimation, and the weight exertes is now calculated at from 1231b. to 1331b. A knotted bootlace caused the death of Joab Holroyd, of the George andDragon Hotel, Apperley Bridge, Bradford. At the inquest, it was stated that the knot caused an abrasion on the ankle, and erysipelas and blood-poisoning followed. In Turkestan every wedding engagement begins with the payment of a substantial consideration to the girl's parents. If the girl 'jilts her lover, the engagement gift has to be returned, unless the parents have another daughter to give as a substi tute. If a piece of woollen cloth is examined through a microscope, the two yarns, warp and weft, are found to be so cross ed a.nd closely matted together as to 'be indis'tinguishable; but in a piece of worsted material you can easily distin guish them. The Tsarina has a shawl, presented to her by the ladies of a town in South eastern Russia, which, though..ten, yards square, is so exquisitely fine that it can be passed through an ordinary finger ring, and when folded makes a small parcel only a few inches square A Munich professor has invented a re markable sich-room clock. When a but ton is pressed an electric lamp behind the dial throws the shadow of the hours and hands, magnified, udion the ceiling, so that invalids can see it from bed without mov ing. The Royal Family is exempted from all tolls and duties, from succession duty, and from taxes. The Westminster Cor poration were recently notified thmit they were npt at liberty to collect the rates amounting to over £700-on Marlborough House. The Indian coolies indentured in Trini dad for work on the plantations are an industrious and prosperous lot of fel lows as a body. Last year over 700 of them sailed for Calcutta, taking with them £0320 in money, and large Gquanti tie of gold ornaments. It has been estimated, reports the Go-I vernment biologist, that, taking into con sideration the gardens for small fruits; the glasshouses, and the tomatoes, the value of the fruit grown in New Zealand is considerably over a million sterling per The many natural curiosities of Japan include a species of singing insects. The most prized of these tiny musicians is a black beetle named "susumushl," which means "insect bell." The sound that it isnits resembles that of a littlo silver bell of the sweetest and most delicate tone. Mr. Andrew Carnegie has given away more money for the purpose of benefit ing his fellowmen than any living philan thropist. The aggregate of his gifts now amounts to nearly £7,500,000, of which two-thirds have gone to America ,over a million sterling to England, £400,000 to Scotland, and £200,000 to Canada. In the United Kingdom Mr. Carnegie has estab lished no fewer than 455 libraries. One of Queen Alexandra's favourite oc cupations when she it at home at SandL rtngham or any other of the Royal palaces, is that of arranging cut flowers in vases for the tables of the different apartments. In this matter her Majesty has quite exceptional skill .and taste. The Queen also collects autographed photographs of lher friends, and has a whole museum of little gifts made by thes fingers of her children and grandchildren. In California it .is found that peach stones burn as well as the best coal, and give out more heat in proportion to weight. The stones taken out of the fruit that is tinned or dried are collected, 'and sold at the rate of twenty-four shil lings a ton. Apricot stones also burn, but not so well as peach, and do not com mand so good a price. A glacier, when it dislodges itself and sails away over the Arctic Ocean, never travels alone. In the wakeof every large one floats a line of smaller companions. The Eskimos call this phenomenon " the duck and ducklings," and anyone who has watched the progress of the wild duck followed by the brood will appreciate the aptitude of the name. The loading and unloading of bulky materials caused prolonged delays before mechanism was applied to the task. Now marvels are accomplished with ease. The grain elevator sucks wheat up from the hold of a ship, or from trucks, at the rate of .15,000 to 20,000 bushels an hour, and there is a machine which, with six shoots, .'automatically weighs, registers, bags, ties up, and delivers 7200 sacks of grain an hdur. The Suez. Canal is now twide as deep and wide as it was 20 years, ago. The work of "deepening the canal will con tinue until a depth of 30ft throughout is attained. From Suez to El Ferdan, 38 miles,; the bottom width is 12fft instead of 1t8ft, its former width. The bends of the canal have also been corrected, so that the width of the water surface has been increased. Thu length of the railroads of the world was 537,105 miles on December 31, 1.00, of which 270,38s miles were in Ame rica, 187,776 in Europe, 46,592 miles in Asia, 15,6,1 miles in Africa, and 16,702 in Australasla. Of the mileage of Euro pean railroads Germany stands 'first with 34,016 miles, followed in their order by Russia 38,2806, France 28,266, Austria Hungary 24,20t, the United Kingdom 23,512, Italy. 10,025, Spain 8656, Sweden .and Nbrwat 7730 mele•. . - Chamois leather is not, nor ever was, the hide of the chamois, but the flesh side of sheepskins. It is stated that the profit to the British Government on pennies pays tho entire expenses of the Mint. Certain bank-notes that circulate in Austro-Hungary are ornamented with the portrait of a favourite prima do(na. In Guernsey there is a telephone to every.20 inhabitants, against one in 70 in London, and one in 40 in Glasgow. After being lost for many years, the cyprepedium fairieanium variety of orchid, for which a reward of .£1000 was offered, has been found in Thibet. The spopulation of the United Kingdom on Mal'ch 31 Inst was 43,219,778. England and Wales had 3.,152,977, Scotland 4,676,603, and Ireland 4,390,208. A hundred tons of cats' tails were re cently sold in one lot for ornamenting ladies' wearing apparel. This means that no fewer than 1,792,000 pussies had been killed to supply this one consignment. Fifty years ago 24 couples were married n the parish church of NovI Vinodol, in Croatia, on the same day. Recently 12 couples celebrated their golden weddings there, these being the survivors of the original 2.. Perhaps the most unusual way of deliv ering malls is that adopted for one of the islands of the Tonga Group in the Pacific, where the danger of approaching inshore renders it necessary for the mail steamer t, use a sky-rocket as a postman. Once open tbe door to trouble and its visits are threefold-afrst, anticipation; second, in actual presence; third, in liv ing it over again. Therefore, never antici pate trouble, make as little of its presence asupossible, forget is as soon as past. The official returns for the year ended June 30 show a total immigration into Canada during the year of 146,266, an in crease of 16,000 over the previous year. The arrivals from the United States de creased by 1628, the total number being 47,543. Sir Gilbert Parker, who recently re turned from a tour in the Dominion, cal culates that in 20 years America will re quire all her wheat for her own people, and tba. thereafter Canada will step in as the chief source of foreign supply for the British market. Mr. John AIIPherson, the oldest elector in London, if not in England, was born at Inverness on the 18th of November, 1800, so that he is nearly 105 years of age. Like his father, who lived to be a centenarian, Mr. M'Phcrson is a staunch teetotaler and non-smoker. Japan contains about the same area as Great Britain with considerably more inhabitants. Yet she produces all the food required by her people and exports a large quantity in the shape of rice, whereas Great Britain imports foodstuffs to the amount of millions of pounds. It is very doubtful which race first skat ed, for traces have been found among prehistorie remains all over Northern Europe, indicating that the art was prac tised by primitive peoples. The Eskimos of the farthcst north are also found to be in possussion of runners carved from whalebone. The production of coal in Russia last year was 19,318,000 metric tons, showing an increase over the previous year of 1,500,000; while the production of pig iron was 2,978,000 metric tons, the in crease in that case being 491,000 tons. The iron was the product of 5,272,000 tons of iron ore. The number of depositors in the Post Office Savings Bank when the ac counts were last totalled was 9,403,052 in the United Kingdom, and the total amount to their credit was no les than £146,135,147, which means that, striking an average, each depositor had £15 10p 10d to his or .her credit: The subsidence at Alexandra Grasving Dock and the new.graving dock at Belfast, Ireland,' which will be the biggest in the world when finished, has been checked. The engine house, which threatened to collapse, has been stayed up and made safe, and so has the dock wall. The total damage has been officially estimated at £20,000. A picture which there seems good reason to believe is a portrait of Burns by Sir Henry Raeburn has been pur chased for lbs by a native of Mont rose, Mh. James Carr, who resides in WVaterloo-road, Manchester. He has since refused an offer of £500, a fact not to be wondered at wilen recently a Rao burn was sold for over £11,000. An ingenious Swiss mechanic claims to have invented an automatic baby nurse. The apparatus is attached to a cradle. If the baby cries, air waves cause specially arranged wires to operate a phonograph, which sings a lullaby, whilst simultan eously clockwork is released which rocks the cradle. 'When the crying ceases, the wire fails to vibrate and the cradle stops rocking. What is believed by antiquaries to be the oldest paper-book in existence is the "Red Book of Lynn," an ancient register belong ing to the Corporation of King's Lynn (Eng.). This volume Is known as the "Red Book" from its original binding having been of that colour. The first entry is a transcript of the will of Peter de Thorn don, Burgess of Lynn, dated 1309; the lat' est entry is dated 15 Richard II. 