Agricultural Bureau. DAYENPOBT BBANCB. ANNUAL MEETING. THURSDAY, June 29th. Present : — Messrs Trembath (chairmen), Bobcrts, Bothwell, Hodehon aenr., Holds worth and Lecky (Hon. Sec.) The minutes of previous meeting were read and confirmed. Mr BobertB moved, and Mr Holdsworth seconded, that Messrs Richardson, McDonald, Pryor and Holdaworth retire is accordance with rales. Carried. Mr Bobcrts moved, and Mr Hodshon seconded, that M'esrs Holdsworth, Pryor and McDonald be nominated for membership. Carried. ' • OFFICERS BE ELECTED. On the motion of Messrs Holdsworth and Botliwell, Mr Trembath SB chairman, Mr Hewitsoo ae deputy chairman, and Mr Lecky as secretary, were re- elected. WATEBINS HOBIES. Mr Bothwell, in speaking on the above subject eaid would not water horsee when warm. Mr Desmond advocated recent'y, watering before feediDtr, and that he would not give horses water to drink from a deep we! 1 . Messrs Lecky and Hodshon alsq spoke on the subject, Mr EingbBm then read a paper on UANAOEVENT OF FOWLS FOB KQQ PB0DDCTI0N " It baB been eaid that every man IBB bh particular bobby. Well, BO long aB hie hobby is a profitable one, it is good for tbe man, good for his faini'y and good for the country. The hobby of poultrykeeping hae come to the front by leaps and boundB during the last decade snd, judging by (he numbers nfa« have taken it up, it seeniB only a reasonable deduction to arrive at that it has proved profitable. The majority keep fowls ae egg producers only, and it is on this subject that I will briefly explain my methods of increasing the egg producing capabilities of the li-r. Always keep good etock, applies to tbe boeinees of poultry-keeping (if it ia to be a au< cess) wiib much force mid thr> beet f«r egK-lajipg ie tbe While Leghorn h«-n She WBB first in tbe egg la^irg coinpd ilions at V'o'oria, Queensland, and South Australia aod second at Kew South Wake, a good door, email eater, non sitter ; as a chick feathers qui kly, and starts laying wlun at from fi«o to six months old. Th* fowl-house should be built of iron to btitSe the tick ; well ventilated without biing draughty, and closed io 011 the side from which the prevailing wind blows In ebort, make your birds BS comfortable as p esible, providing warmth in winter ard coolness in summer. To prevent the tic^ g' tting a footing on yqnr roosts tbe «iuipWat, cheapest and best idea ie the littlir tin receptacle (as p< r figure 1) which can be conmcl<d to and disconnected from the roost without trouble thns ensuring thorough cleanlinigs and freedom from vermin. Fill the (in with beef dripping two. parts, Bnd k< rosene one pari, which ia as effective and lasts longer than kerosene plpne, there being little or no low by evaporation of tho compound as is the case when kerosene only is used. Clean tbe houRo from end to end and top tu bottom once every week and kf>pp a sharp eye on the neete, otherwise Mr Tie 1 ! witf cultivate too close an acquaintance with Mrs Fowl which will not be conducive to her health or comfort but reBult in a loss of-ecstoher owner. Dry tobacco leaf ground finely and sprinkled in the nest will keep tho vermin away. " Feeding.—Great attention must be given to the fK'ding. Fowls r^qniri find appreciate vnricty in their dirt (he Fume as human beings ; and regularity is a very essential point. Mrs Fowl liters her meals at the proper time rqnally as much as her owner does his, therefore feed regnlarly. Opinions differ as to when to feed and which food is (he bc-st for forcing egg production. At egg laying competitions a hot niaeli ie given every morning, crushed bones an ) green feed at mid-day and various grains at night. I followed this plan last year but noticed ae soon BB the fowls finished tbe mash in the morning they moped awsy into corners. I do not consider -the morning hot mash bonc-ficial SB, during tbe winter months, when fowls are moulting, their crops are exposed fo the cold winds and consequently the food gets cold. This winter I altered the feeding of 60 fowls as follows:—Mproiog at 8 o'clock feed with wheat, barley, oats or hoarie, one and a half dipper of grain or two dipperfuls of heads being enough. Noon.—Six pounie of croehed grer-n bono with green stuff every nlt< rnate dny and one dipperful of grain every other day Evening, — A mash made with two dipperfuis of hea'tn. one tableepoonfnl of salt and water, a sufficiency with odd scraps from the table and potato peelings &e;, Io making the mish cut down a kerosene tin (SB per Fig. 2) and <.-very morning put your heads with tbe suit and water in this tin. (Do not be alarmed, I am referring to wheat, oats or barley bead a). Place tbe t in containing the mixture on the fire end kt it stay there all day adding the before-mentioned table scraps from time to time ; (he addition of ecrapB cin be done by the cook there being no necessity for you to ! stop at homo to do it. S'.iould the cook object and chuck your tin out in the yard, git rid of her straight off, but if tho cook happens to. lie yonr wife, well then, perhaps it will bo bent to get rid of the fowls. After boiling ail day servo out warm half an hour before birds retire to rooBl, My experii n-e is (hat by giving the warm foed at evening the fowls enjoy it thoroughly nnd the fowl-house being warm and cosy t >ey nest'e closely togetlur thus preventing ttie food from gelling coM. That it does more good is soon evident by the marked improvement ia the condition of thu birdp. Do not overfeed as it tends to I»z<ne88 and a decroHve in egg Uyin.'. See that all feed ieeai'en up each meal otherwise thut which IB left becomes tainted and does harm. Green Feed.— Where green feed ie scarce or unobtainable, a valuable substitute is Epsom Salts which may be mix-:d in the proportions of two ounces to fonr gallons of wuUr every alternate day. *' Drinking water should always be tuppli'id in sufficient quantities at regular intervals and the r< c 'ptaclea daily cleansed. By close attention to such necessary sanitary precautions there will be an absence of throat troubles." "The duut bath rnuBt not be overlooked. Fine sand and lime makes an excellent batb and rids the fowls of lice better than insect powders besides saving labor and tiouble." " Sotting.—If you want eggs when they are at top prices, setting should begin in July and August. Tou will then have forward chicks which should Btart laying in the following March and continue right on until August. Prices go down from September to January when it is advisable to pickle the eggs and bold until the following April or *May."» " Becords should be kept. — Every poultry-keeper should keep a daily record of eggB laid and other item* of receipts and expenditure so that it can be Been what is attached to the business. A balance should be struck at tbe end of each year and if there is a loss and the fault is in tbe breed of the poultry get rid of (hem but if the right etock ie kept and properly attended to, there will be 8 profit. I do not claim that my methods will apply in every locality but I do maintain that my hens have laid — per cent, more eggs this winter than they did for tbe corresponding months of. last year, which result, I attribute to change in feeding, caie in sanitary matters and the use of Epsom Salts in the drinking water." " In conclusion.—It is pleasing to note that our Government intend sending Mr Laurie throngh the State on a lecturing tour. I feel confident that this will have the desired effect in further developing the poultry and egg industry, aod ie without donbt a step in the right direction. It is to be hoped that when Mr Laurie delivers his first lecture here that every poultry keeper in the district will avail himself of tb&> opportunity of bearing bim." Tbe paper was criticised by Messrs Bothwell, Boberts, Hodshon, I^cky and Trembath, and a vote of thanks passed to Mr Kingham for hie exoaltent contribution. INTERCHANGE OF VISITS The suggestion received . from Mr Bogers (secretary of Woolundunga Agricultural Bureau) re interchange of visits was received, and it was decided to adopt said suggestion. Meeting adjourned. York won the Grand N«tionai Hurdle Btce at F'umin^ton. No HOUSEHOLD should ever be without a bottle of Dr. Sheldon's Magnetic Liniment; a reliable remedy for cuts, braises, aches, paine, rheumatism, lumbago, etc. For sale by Touug & Gordon. Heavy ruin toll on tho night of 29ih June at Farina ; 1.1*2 was registered, making 2.00 to date. Witcbelina Station received 66 points on 28th June Drt. 6HKLI)0N"8 MAQNRTIC LlNIintN* cures rheum itism. It will penetrate to you* very bone, sooth and subdue th e pftin. (tub it in fretfly. It will not blisWr or-burn the skin. Hub it in an3 the pain Will 'Stop. It can't help but do you .good.* : For sale by Yoang & Gordon. The death isannoune» of Mr Hurtle Fisher at Melbourne r<<cent1y f at tbe age of 74 Uo wae a Sonth Australian pioneer settler and a veteran sportsman. It is satisfactory to know that the number of prisoners in Viotorian goals is aonaally decreasing. • It is stated that in the proposed intension of the Anglo Jipanese treaty a clause will be inserted providing for the defence of India by JspaneBe troops in case of need. Lieut -Co'. James Burns, President of the Highland Society of New South Wales, was a guest at a dinner given by Lord Carrington, ex-Governor of New South Wales, to meet King Edward. The larger b:ittl-.ehips for the German N>tv, tli.- . on«tiuc>ion of which is to be te^iiu in 190G, ur» to carry 30-centimetre gunB, insiea'i of 28 centimetre ordnance, which it was at first intended to place them. The Chinese merchants at Penang, in the Straits Ssttiements, have decided to join their confreres in the Celestial Empire in the boycott on imported goods from the United States, on Account of tbe recent legislation in America against Chinese immigration. The BusBian cruiser Terek, which recently Bank the British cruiser Ikbona, sank the Danish steamer Princess Marie on the 22ad inst. The TCBSOI was bound for Europu from China and Japan, and was insured in London for £70,OCO against war risks. The cargo, which was not < ontraband, was also heavily insured. The crew were landed at Batavia, in Java. The German Crown Prince is 22 years old, an i at bis marriage was of exactly lb." EAMTI A^E BH wns'hie father before him when he married in February,' 1881. If, according to 'present ideas us lo^tiie age wheu a man shou'd marry^ this seems rather eurly, ii l/fis to be reiuemfeprefl (says the Westminster Gazett. ) that Prussian prineeB have always entered the estate of matrimony in good time. Of tKe <3rOWn Prince's anctstors no Fewer than five mar* ried even younger than the preseiht heir to the throne of .the HohenBollems. DB. SHELDON'S DIGES : IVE TABULES taken after mouls, digest the food. This is the natural cure for iudigesiion. Food half digested is poiam, as it creates gasj" acidity, palpitation of the heart, headaches, and many other troubles. When you take Dn Sheldon's Digestive Tabules you can feel certain you are not taking iuto yonr system any strong medicine or powerful drug, but simply the natural digestive elements which every weak stomach lacks. Oae or two taken after each meal will positively enre indigestion, dys^psia, and all stomach troubles, For sale by Young and Gordon. Under the new system, of militairy administration in India, tbe power of veto hitherto exercised by tbe Viceroy's Council is withdrawn, and Viscount Kitchener will practic illy obtain complete control of tbe military organization, being emancipated from any possibility of interfer- ence from the 70 military men who are members of the council and the Viceroy's militaiy secretary (Mjr. W. McLeod Campbell). It is understood at Simla, be sayB, that Lord Curzon has intimated that he purposes to resign bis positions as Viceroy and Governor General of India unless important modifications are introduced into the orders recently issued concerning tbe command of tbe Indian Army. MK W. J. HINDE S.M., FAREWELLBD.— At the conclusion of some business at tbe Port Pirie Magistrates' Court on Saturday, July 1st. lb' members of the Benoh and Bar took advantage of tbe occasion to bid farewoll to Mr W. J. Hinde S M. who has been transferred to Port AogUBtn to take up tbe duties of Mr Keats S.M., who has gone to Wallaroo. Mr Hinde responded. In the course of his remarks the S.M. said :—*'Referenoe had been made outside to a public social for him, but he had felt that to encourage such a Btep would be unwise : on his part. With the Mayor of Port Augusta, he considered that a stipendiary magistrate should be above and beyond local criticism, He bad held that opinion for many years, and he thought it wouldbave been highly imprudent for him to have agreed to the holding of such a social. He trusted that the leading townsmen there would aocept that explanation in tbe spirit io which it wss given." 