BUBAL TOPICS. I The season promises well for crops and stock. The abundant rains in the northern districts, while they have caused some damage in love-lying places, will be pro ductive of an immense amount of good later (ou. As a matter of fact, floods seldom I cause really serious losses, and the effect of the soaking which the land receives is 'afterwards made apparent by the increased "production of crops and grass. Whatever may be the result of the forthcoming har vest, it is, at all events, satisfactory to know that a really good start haB been made, and 1 that average spring weather will produce a 'yield that is practically certain to be above the average return of the past 10 years. Pastoralists aire well satisfied with the out look, the lambing.having been good, and tiie weather favourable lo a splendid growth [of-wool, while the grass lias been abundant and nutritious. Probability points to this beinga year of plenty. What is asserted will be the record Aus tralian horse sale will be held at Bourke, New 8outh.Wfllea. on August;16, .and fol lowing day*, .when 2^200 horse* will be of feg$dat pubQc auction^. The ^fcorsesTiave beto^eojJdjjj Queensl^nd ind New Sonth Wiles during the last mne.months, by ex perteoced buyers. Their *gea radge, from thre^ to six-ieaw, for animals -suitable for the .Indian market, and two to»even >t| and other di are 700 heavy draut gunner,;i*rUllery, and cavalry balanceibeing «rm, lorry, c .. , ponies,'iia tion working hones. .Amongst ~ -lected mages: for''%Al. in the. lo unner/t balance buggy which ehoW'be pfintewstto visitors io the bed sbowofth'e Rdyal Agricultural Society in Melbourne, .By the K.M.S. Himalaya he is shipping specimens of British. Euro? pean, CaMdinfjJnited St8tes,|ind ??~ line w^TpouUry; butter, e The Himalaya exhibits will be iiM^lbirafrhe in timtffb'r the show. r. Id tbe course of an interview with the Minister' of Agriculture (Mr.Swinburpe) Uiej^irmM^t^^ipwOand ' ay v»t'$> M*1 ®] from .... The law -v m> «t *te>»e, ciixsumetanoesj Mucationtd Impa. M. ita *ftme time congratulated thecojupany, which cue been recently formed, upon hav ing est&bltehed; the export trade on co-ope* mive - ?? "r of the artesian bore at- Sale ire HDWtv(Mn> 277ft. ^ThCTewasa sudden " v'iratet - 'last week, which has rapidly, ifcritt it- ia now «f that «ver l,000,000gal.:ijer day is , brown cpal, are water, which is w 4aya«, has a fefatT M so strong that the market-square is flooded,' and five men are employed night and day xO clear the wand from the channels. Shipments of frofeeu rabbits fpr London by the China, frojra Melbourne, amount to 2,458 crates. It has been derided to form a farmers' association to control the maize trade from Orbost, Bruthen, Lindenow, and Bairns dale. A further shipment of harvesting ma chines has been made from Melbourne to London by the China, for transhipment to Buenos Ay res. The Farmers' Co-operative Company has decided to purchase Messrs. Birrell's Mit chell River Butter Factory for £3,375. The company is to be registered at once. The direct or a of. Elder, Smith.and Co. Ltd., in thfeir annual report, state that after paying a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent., theyliave been able to add to the re serve fund £15,000, and carry forward £51,762. The many friends of Mr. James Aitken, managing director of Dalgetv and Company Limited, frill be pleased to learn that he is making a good recovery from the serious operation to which he submitted himself last week. The Tyabb and Hastings Fruitgrowers' Association forwarded to Vancouver, B.C., in February last, a trial shipment of peas and fruit. Although the j>eas did notj arrive in the best condition, they re-1 aliped 3}d. per lb. The market was affected by large supplies of peas and beans which had been received from Honolulu and . Sputhern California. The plums arrived in perfect condition, and sola readily at 6/3 per case. Apples and pears brought 5/ per case. These latter fruits arrived too early to realise high prices, as laige quantities of local fruits still remained in the local cool stores. This consignment was all packed in the patent fruit cases, which are only about half the size of the ordinary fruit case. For some time past the Department of Agriculture has been engaged in endeavour ing to educate potato growers in improved methods of cultivation. A more careful selec tion of seed has been urged as a necessity, and instruction will be given in improved methods of cultivating crops. Mr. Swin burne has decided to appoint Mr. George Seymour as. potato expert to the depart ment. Mr. Seymour has been a successful grower in the West Bourke district, and he has formed definite opinions as to the causes which have brought about the exist ing depression in the industry. He will shortly visit the principal potato-growing districts of the state, and consult with growers as to the local conditions and the means by which the industry can be im proved. jto^rners who intend exhibiting at the'^iliiiJial show of the Australian Sheep bregie^/j^ssociation are reminded that the . eJUTJre Jmist be in the hands of the secretary T\ Fi Gumming), 493 Collins-street, cm lPu^ada'y, the 1st o£ August, before 6 0.el&ek; jp.m. Particulars and entry-forms tnjyr-fcl obtained on application at the secre tary's office. It is anticipated that this year's show of meriaoes and Shropshires will be one of the best yet held by the associa tion. The judging will be. commenced on Monday, August 2&, and the show wifl be open to. the public on the two following days. This year the show will be held the week preceding that of the Rojral Agricul tural Society of Victoria, and thus exhibits may compete at both shows. Arrangements have been made by the A.S.B.A. secretary that sheep may be kept in the show-rooms free of charge until they are removed to the Royal show-ground. - j The Rutherglen Viticultural College used to possess a fairly well-equipped laboratory, which included a microscope that cost the state about £60. There was also a well stocked bookcase, containing a number of valuable works of reference. These have disappeared, and inquiry has disclosed the ! fact that Mr. Taverner, when Mini bier of Agriculture, made a present of them to Mr. Dubois, the - then viticultural expert, pre vious to the departure of the latter for South Africa. The local vignerons are strongly objecting to this free and easy method of disposing of laboratory equip ment in which they are specially interested. At the' present titu£, they say, if a new disease broke out on the vines there is no instrument at the college by which it could be detected. But all their objecting will not j bring back the lost microscope or the books, i tboiOh jfe:tn^-4o «omething towards chill- I ing the gen^rog^glbw of satisfaction which Mr. Tavernrt" JBtjfiithave felt in making Mr. Dubois a pi^^^^^Government property. Shipmenti;o£j|ttiW /or London by this aal- c a ! 1 j j, j aniOUnt tO ~ om Melbourne, and "from Sydney. The or 13i tons, ition to her Mel Shipmente. The total the 1st inst. compare withthosefor t^e- corresponding period last year «b follows r-r-: \- ' . l»i-S. 1905-6. From > . Tana. Tons. Melbourne ,. », ». .. .. 511 711 Bydtagr ; M 218t BrMWM W i.SC*. 1651 80 Adelaide .. ;t r 22 Total... .. 2951 S9i Th& arrangements between the Queensland Government *ttd the Orient Steam Naviga tion Oonu»&tiy;, if successful, will result in the ^fitablbhment of « fast line of steamers fortnightly from Brisbane for London, an irraligemfent that "1HU be serviceable to the " " * butter industry, which will be a more rXpid service than > production of butter in the r growing, and it is expected ity available for London dur j-ason twill be far in advance of Ipped during 1904-5. jinpahics Act co-operative r-factoriestreprohibitedfrom acquir other cdtapfchj'. "Siys week s mail 090 cases, or L863 cases, b; Orentes has t*4 from Adelaide; bourne and £; shipments to prevfn, mda from forming * company ijtmeticm for ihtptirpose of ... produce. From time to btlliy has foeen mitigated by animendihgaet empowering t - *? factories to so " ^ inU eacistence, acHl Mr.-j Swinburne aesircaifi abilHo beintrodtioed: this season ttNfesttend to them the fcsempi-1 tio& Ae&ewl; law of the Companies; Act. Difreot&wof; butter factories who dfcsijw to Avail tbauwelvoB of this l<«ialation < #ef ty " ^ their factories willnot appear in the ache-1 duleof the companies for Tyhose benefit the bill is designed. Soirm^Auir^IiSh offlcLfftiguiSSs published show .-that 2,045,478 gallons of. wine were made from last vintage. The stocks on hand amount to 5,304,236 gallons. Thirteen acres of thfe'Mitchell river flat, a few miles from Bairnsdale, were sold for £61 an acre. There are no improve ments on the land beyond the fencing. Twenty acres on the Lmdenow-road, with a house, were recently sold for £60 an acre. Younghusband, Row, and Co. Proprietary Ltd. are in receipt of advice of despatch of the first of the new season's clip of wool. The consignment is cow en route from Queensland, and Is of the well-known brand, L & H / Arrabury / Q. Mr. Gilbert Anderson, managing director of the Christchurch Meat Company, has stated that the Government in acquiring large sheep runs dealt with them in a way detrimental to the interests of the country. Many runs were under- stocked%on account of the high price of 6heep. The colony should be able to carry 28 to 30 millions of sheep. The New Zealand Agricultural Confer ence has resolved to ask the Govern ment to give premiums to owners of approved pure thoroughbred and pure draught stallions to enable the owners to travel the horses in certain districts, and serve a certain number of approved mares at a reduced fee. Mr. Ritchie, secretary of the Agricultural department, said there were 611 thoroughbred horses in New Zea land, 1,351 draught stallions, and 3,000 other entires. The exhibition of New South Wales pro duee, designed to bring under the notice of the British people tne resources of the state, will take place next month at the Guildhall. August 11 has been fixed -as the first day, and the exhibition will be con tinued for a fortnight. Arrangements have been made for tne holding of a grocers'! exhibition at Islington. New South Wales ? will also be represented at this show, which will take place in September. The exhibits from that state will comprise wheat, flour, and dried fruits. ] The attention of the farmers in New South Wales id being directed to the mohair industry. Experiments of a farmer in the Wyalong district have been a pronounced success, and the breeding of Angora goats is to be taken I up on a more or less extensive scale by the settlers there. From 10 guineas is being paid for goats, and importations are to be made. A number of pedigree Angoras have been imported to the Tenterfiela district, , where farmers are also taking interest in I this industry. Messrs. Rickards and Go. Ltd. forwarded a communication to the New South Wales Lands department in May last, on behalf of a wealthy syndicate, offer ing to take up a tract of country from 50,000 to 200,000 acres, preferably in the North Coast district, to pay a substan tial deposit, and to expend a large sum in improvements. The object of the syndicate, it was explained, was to settle families after the land had been improved. The proposal included a scheme of immigration, it being intended to advertise in the United King dom, and endeavour to attract settlers with a knowledge of farming and dairying, and to assist them by offering special facilities in very low steamer fares, &c.; The reply of the department to the communication stated that the Government could not see its way clear to invite Parliament to pass such legislation as would be necessary to give effect to the arrangement suggested. It . was added that the object in view was, in !the opinion of the Ministers, so admirable ! that in the event of the syndicate entering into negotiations for the acquisition of private lands the department would be glad to confer on the question as to how far and in what directions the Government could assist the undertaking. The London butter market is very strong, and a further advance of 2/ in Danish has taken place. A considerable shipment has been landed ex Medic, which left Syd ney on May 19 with 472 tons, and arrived in London on Thursday, 13th inst., the butter being in excellent condition. Sales have been made at 94/ to 08/ per cwt., a few lots of New South Wales butter fetch ing 102/. The present quotations compare with those at the corresponding date la6t year as follows: I July 22, July 21, I iQAi iqne ' Danish 100/to 102/ 114/' ; Australian .... ..... .. 91/to 102/ New Zealand 92/ to 94/ The London market for choicest Danish is 12/ per cwt. higher than a year ago, the difference being slightly over ljd. per lb. ,The high prices now ruling are due to i light supplies of Continental butter, and .according to the cable news it is expected that prices will be maintained. The changes in the London quotations for frozen mutton indicate a slightly firmer market. .New Zealand North Island mut ton 6hows an advance of id. to jdv and River Plate an advance > of Jd. for heavy and l-16d. for light weights. Australian heavy-weights are unaltered at 3d., and light-weights are off the market. -In. lamb Canterbury heavy-weights are 1-16<L lower. Imports of frozen mutton, including lamb, into the United Kingdom during the first five months of the year compare with those for the corresponding period of tho two previous years as follows: 1903\. 19M. 1905. Prom- Cwt. , Cwt. Cwt. Australia 105.051 68,868 887,700 New Zealand 825,731 902,798 690,551! Argentine Republic .. .. 575^16 ^872,215 671,«18 ToUl .. .. .. 1,005,0981,838,378 2,5(9,568: A similar comparison of the imports- of frozen and chilled .beef for the five months is as follows:- I . " 1Q03, 1904. 1935. I From- ' Cwt. Cwt. Cwt. Australia .. .. .... 6,489 - 28,000 *,1?8 New Zealand 41,288 59,470 - . 52,007 United States .. .. 1,10S;060 1,172,883 Argentine Republic . 871,078 &46.219 922,982 Other ooiintjiea .. 64,050 16.487 15,297, Total .. .. ,. 1,587,965 1.8&650 1,058,588 The dumber of live cattle import®! for food ipto the United Kingdom for the first five months of Hie yehr -was 230,936, against ana 185.705 for the corresponding period -ox 1&Q3.; The number of sheep and lambs im pitted for the -five months was lW,?2Slte -.1. / mparts of frocen robwtg andNtiW Zealand for the fiwst fi\% 3ndiiMtui: tit 