RURAL TOPICS. Favourable reports continue to be re ceived in reference to crop conditions in all parts of the state. The spring is not com ing in too rapidly, "which is a good sign, and the showers which fall frequently pre vent a baking of the surface soil, which might be detrimental to the young cereal crops. The really critical period has yet to be passed through, but if average weather conditions prevail, there is no reason to ap prehend danger. The splendid growth in the Mallec and the north-west is surprising even experienced settlers, and the man who would now ask "Is the Malice worth sav in?" would be looked upon as a fit inmate for a luuatic asylum. Considerable numbers of stock have been sent from the southern to the northern districts this year, and they have fattened rapidly. Mallee settlers have more confidence than ever before in the sta bility of their district, and very few now evince a desire to leave for elsewhere. The output vf butter in the chief centres of pro duction is steadily increasing, but some weeks must elapse before the dairying cam paign is in full swing. In the Western dis trict grass is short, but it is in a healthy glowing condition, and will coine on rapidly With the advent of warmer weather. As a continuation of the work of the classes for agricultural students recently held at Geelong. the Department of Agri culture arranged with Mr. H. 8. Rud duck to give a demonstration on "How to Judge a Horse by Points" at the annual horse parade held at Geelong last week. The students were each provided with a card, and, after the first demonstra tion, were set to work to judge another horse of the same class on tiieir own behalf. Jjj»ter on in the afternoon the w$rk of the students was examined and the results dis eussed. The local committee write enthu siastically with regard to the educational value of .the afternoon's work. A large deputation of. country millers waited on the Near South Wales Railway Commissioners last week, and asked for a reduction of the break of journey charge upon inilliug manufactures to 2/0, the Vic torian rate Tor local consumption, and that the whole rate be refunded when the pro duce was exported, it was represented that iowing to the railway rate, the millers in land 'were prohibited from exporting their products, and they could not compete with ^Victoria, which might soon be found taking ioff the border charges as fara» Wagga.Vic it was etated; *" drad«ally getUng more ol New Soup Wales wheal. Mr. the oilier states. The rates in Victoria Were much higher/ and there must be some thing radically wrong outside the rates. Ho promised that the views of the deputation would be considered. Tho Chcrrymouut Estate, a ear Glen thompson, containing about 3,500 acres, has j .been sold to Mr. John Coffey, of Kewell, in the Wimmera district. The purchase 'money amounts to nearly £20,000. The farmers of the Romeey district are making large profits 'from potatoes, of I Which they had large crops, and j which are selling at high prices. Every j truckload is worth between £50 and £60, and from 12 to 15 truckloads per day have been seftt to market for several weeks past. Tenders are invited by the War authori ties at Malta and Gozo for the supply of beef, mutton, live oxen, and live sheep, for the year commencing January 1,1906. They have to reach Malta on or before October 21 next. Forms of tender, and full particu lars, are obtainable at the department ofl Agriculture, Melbourne. A resident of Atikoman, Manitoba, | claims that he is the only man on the conti nent of America who is making money by running a fox farm. His farm now consists of 16 acres, with 13 silver grey and four black foxes. He is about to spend 10,000dol. on his farm on the supposition that his enterprise will prove a veritable gold mine. The Water Supply department has taken possession of the Cohuna Irrigation Trust's assets, on account of non-payment of inter est. The sum originally advanced to this trust was £151,213; but when Parliament authorised the general reduction of liabili ties in 1899 the amount was reduced to £56,723, and the accumulated interest, amounting to £46,770, was also wiped off. The accumulated interest on the smaller amount of indebtedness is now £3,403. It is stated that a rate of 8/ in the £1 is re quired to place the trust on a sound finan cial footing, and a majority of the commis sioners have declined to^ strike such a rate, although they were willing to sanction one of 5/ in the £1. It is probable that when the receiver is appointed, he will insist upon the payment of an ordinary rate of 8/ in the £1, and possibly a special rate of 2/ in the £1. The use of the land in the Horsham dis trict known as the blue blocks was brought under the notice of the Minister for Lands by a deputation from the Moorallo Land League. It was asked that the settlers should be allowed to convert their holdings into selections, and ringbark the timber, and that the rent of the laud should be reduced. The Minister declined to accede to the first and last request, and said that ringbarking Would only be allowed under the closest supervision, and after reference to the forest department. The land is to be kept for three use3, to which it is adapted-honey-producing, rough graz ing, and timber. The apiarists in this district, it is stated, last year produced hoAey to the value of £5,000, and, in order to encourage the industry, it is probable that legislation will shortly be introduced that will define the holdings of the bee farmers more satisfactorily. The Tunbridge Wells Colonising Associa tion has (our London-correspondent writes) approached the Agent-General of Victoria in order to ascertain if the state Govern ment would be prepared to facilitate its efforts to settle a number of carefully selected families of steady farm labourers in Victoria. The association has been working for several years, in a rather small way. to assist men and women from the neighbourhood of Tunbridge Wells to emu grate to the colonies. Canada and Soum Africa have hitherto been the chief scew^ of operations, but now the association^ ts seeking to extend its work to other p^rts of the empire. Mr. Taverner has been impressed" with the genuineness of its efforts and the Qare it takes to select suit able emigrants. He has suggested to the Victorian Government that they should set aside for the association 1,000 acres of laud, broken up into 50-acre blocks, for 20 fami lies, the fand to be paid for ill 40 years. A bill for the more effective protection of farmers who use artificial manures has been circulated by the Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Swinburne)ras an amendment of the Artificial Manures Act passed last session. The principal act gave authority for the pub lication of all analyses in the "Government Gazette." The amending bill now circu lated provides for the publication of these results in any newspaper circulating in Vic toria, and such publication shall not render the proprietor, printer, or publisher of the newspaper liable to any action in any court. Another extension of nower is sought also with regard to the collection of | samples for analysis. The existing law: limits the department's investigations to those samples taken direct from the manu-i faeturers. If the new bill becomes law, however, the departmental officers will be enabled to obtain samples from farmers, and in that way check the composition of the, product a6 it has been actually delivered for use. Butter shipments for London by the Oruba consist of 4,536 eases, or 113} tons, from Melbourne, and 2,691 j caBes, or 671 tons, from Syduey. The shipments by the Pemc from Mel bourne amounted to 207 cases, or 6J tons. The Miltiades has taken 3,775 cases, or 94} ' tons, from Brisbane, and 1,417 cases, or 35J tons, from Sydney. The total shipments to London since July I compare with those for the corresponding period of the two pre vious seasons aB follows: 1003-4. 1004-5. 1905-0., From- Tom. Tons. Tons. Melbourne .. 879} 902' 800} Sydney IfflJ 852* WSJ Brisbane ' 874 253 Adelaide 22 68 Total 662 l.OiOl 1,575 The producers arc anxious to put their case against the proposed increase of cer tain duties before the Tariff Commission. On Tuesday, Aug. 22, Mi-. Skene, M.H.R., i«ceived the following letter from Mr. G. H. Osborne, aecretary of the St. Arnaud Agricultural Sbciety:--"Will you kindly arrange, if possible, with the Tariff Commis sion to take evidence against the proposed increased duties on agricultural machinery, manures, Ac., during the latter part of Royal Show week. This society is calling a meeting of delegates from au societies, farmers unions, «c., to be held in Mel bourne during the early p&rt; of that week to choose suitable delegates to tender evi dence before the commission agaiuet the proposed'Increase." The commission has not met fot iovev a weeki pwiugio 4he acci dent to the chaimab \Sir 3olm Quick). By arrangement m&de; carliei' la the month, the. common ftt&ia;, but. wish to appear before it in Melbourne, the member of the commission are to be urged to hold sittings in this city. Mr. A. A. Dangar's annual sale of Suf folk Punch mares and geldings will take place at Carnperdown (Sydney) on Wednes day, September 21. come particulars are advertised this week. The London butter market is fcirong at unchanged prices. Danish is quoted at 122/ per ewt., or about 10/ higher than at the corresponding date last year. The only alterations in the London quo tations for frozen meat since last week are in New Zealand lamb, which has declined £d. for Canterbury and l-16d. for other des criptions. A second flow of water was struck in the Dimora bore, near Kynuna, in the Winton district, Queensland, on the 23rd inst., at a depth "of 1,800ft. The water is flowing 22in. over the^Cm. casing. The bore is still going deeper. | The well-known pastoral property, Win gadee, in New South Wales, has been pur chased by the Australian and New Zealand Land Company from the trustees in the es tate of the late Mr. Andrew Tobin. The new English hop crop, according to Messrs. W. H. and H. Le May'6 estimate is one of the best ever gathered, thus forming a great contrast with last year's, which was one of the worst. The largest crop on rccord in England was that of 1886, when it amounted to 776,144cwt. The next three records consisted of 661,373cwt. in 1899; 049.387cwt. in 1901; and 636.846cwt. in 1894. | In future all applications for supplies of pure lactic acid cultures iof cream maturing and milk ripening will be distributed by the dairy expert from the Government cool stores. The use of these cultures has been increasing during the last two years, and some factory managers have obtained them direct from the laboratories. The Depart ment of Agriculture considers it advisable that its officers should have a knowledge of all the cases in which they are used, m older that the results may be noted. Shipments of butter for London by the Macedonia comprise 1,867 cases, or 46f tons, from Melbourne, and 3,399 cases, or 85 tons, from Sydney. The Orient took 374 cases, or 9| tons, from Adelaide. The total shipments to London since July 1 compare with those for the correspond ing period of the two previous seasons as follow: J903-4. 1901-5 1905-6. From- Tons. Tons. Tons. Melbourne 213J 217 2101 Sjdncy 137* S1G S02£ Brisbane 371 *210 Adelaide 10 61 Total 3511 91T 1,331 'Approximate. The New South Wales Premier, speak ing at the Royal Exchange, Sydney, where an exhibtion o£ by-products of cattle and sheep was held, said that the Agent- General's department was being transformed and made up-to date. The offices were being removed to the busiest portion of London, where shop fronts were being taken, and where it was intended to show the people something of what Australia could do besides creating labour politics for labour Governments. He had informed Mr. Coghlan that the Govern ment could guarantee to put 150 families at once on ggod agricultural land, and he hopejj*44lS£\JWjH» three months the first oLflSs de4fcabJe.i<y^ss of immigrants, who ojiiMtsr experience in agriculture, w^pa arriv^ Ifew jgouth Wales. ,^At ^.weeling x>t? the Albury Borough Council^ refej'eneeJtvas made to the action &t; The Fanners'/and Set tiers' Association iV regard to-^ic prevention of bush tires. The-**poliee reports of the Mur ray -district showed a total of 36 fires, which had occurred in the dis trict at the end of last aud the begin ning of this year. After careful inquiry the police report the following causes of the fires:-By phosphorus (laid to poison rabbits), 12; by wax matches (probably dropped accidentally), 2; by sun's rays through glass, 1; by persons wilfully, 3; by careless use of lire, 3; by machinery bear ings becoming heated, 1; by lightning, 1; by sparks from railway engines, 3; by sparks from lawful fires, 2; cause not ascertain able, 8; total, 36. It was decided to urge the Government to take steps to prevent the use of phosphorus poison and wax matches during the hot weather. The suitability of Queensland pine for I butter boxes is the subject of a report to ithe Minister for Agriculture by Mr. G. S. 'Thomson, the Queensland Government ; daily expert. The report contains the fol lowing conclusions:-' l.The charges against Queensland pine for butter-boxes has been disproved by practical and scientific exami nation, and the results show that the pine is admirably adapted for the export butter trade. 2. Practical tests carried out at the Queensland meat export works, Pin kenba, were of great severity, and any weakness in the pine would have been con veyed to the butter before the expiry of the investigation. 3. A searching ex I animation of export butter, conducted by the grading inspectors of the department of Agriculture, hbs not revealed the slightest suspicion that the wood contains injurious j properties. 4. The best results in ex periments were obtained from wood treated with paraffin-wax and single parchment." At the final meeting of the Select Committee on the Murruiabidgee and .Northern Water Supply; and Irrigation Bill, Mr. L. A. B. Wade, chief engineer for har bours, rivers, and water conservation, said he had recently inspected the Lower Mur rumbidgee and the counhy adjacent to the river on both sides, and. nad collected in formation, with the view of giving evidence before the Public Works committee when the Government submitted the Barren Jack scheme to Parliament. From his observa-. tions in America and inspection of the Lower Murrumbidgee district, he saw no reason to materially alt'er the views ex pressed in his evidence before the previous committee. He was still of opinion that no weirs were necessary, and the Government i schcme, if his advice was adopted, would in- i elude no weirs. If the amended bill before I the committee, which provided for three I weirs between Maude and Balranald, were : carried it Svould be absolutely necessary to {construct embankments at much cost along the river banks, to prevent flood-watew 1 flowing bafck into the river and causing a 1 scour as well as erosion. In his opinion, five weirs would ensure continuous nar ' " tbut embankments would be' then ev necess«W. l V^ith regard. to S0otj thought the present advant * " jyjtth the ** weir*. 