THE POPULATION PROBLEM. ENCOURAGING IMMIGRATION. Dr. R. Arthur, M.L.A., of New South Wales, is an enthusiast with regard to the introduction of- immigrants into New South Wales and Australia trnnnrallv.... In ?onversation with a representative of The ( Register, be said:— 'I want to .t.vy and stir [ ip interest in State-aided immigration throughout all the States. We have fctart- , ;d what is called- the Immigration League -f Australia in Sydney for the purpose of wakening interest and bringing pressure to iear upon the Federal and State authori ties to arouse them in the matter.' —The People We Want.— 'What sort of people do you desire here?'- 'Solely agricultural settlers. .It is out of the question to think or inducing jny other class of people to come ouv \rc are altogether overrun with men of the clerical profession, and even artisans. -Nationality Not. an Essential Question.— 'Do you prefer any particular national ity?'— 'The idea is to look for them in the United Kingdom, but there is no rea son why we should confine our attention to the 'old country, and we may seek to let them in any part of Europe. At the present time half a million Italians leave Italy every' year, and 200.000 people go out sf Austria-Hungary. Such people as these rt'ould make good settlers, especially u they iverc attracted to the more tropical parts of Australia. In New Zealand it has been Found that Austrians make good settlers. We liave an Italian colony on the Rich mond River, in New South Wales, which lias turned out a great success. - bebeve the German colonists in South Austraba are among the most desirahle settlers you have. If we could get some of the frugal, indus trial Danish or Scandinavian farmers, or those from north Germany, they would prow a great object lesson to our o^yn people as an example of how to wore here. —New South Wales Efforts— . As regards New South Wales the present Agent-Genera! (Mr.Coghlan) was sent home ?pcoially to try to obtain desirable settlers, md he has been fairly, successful. \ve have received notice that he has secured 150' emigrants, all of whom have more or less capital. Fifty of them are on the way out. It is understood that land will be 'found for .them on the Myall1 Creek Ks tatc provided that it is resumed under the Compulsory 'Closer Settlement Resumption Aet. Although thrown open for selection it was not taken up readily, by the people in the country. It is thought that these immigrants from England will be satisfied with the land, which varies in price from £3 to £1 10/ per acre. The terms of payment are extended over a long series of years. —Smoothing the Way for Newcomers.— These 50 settlers on the way out are going to various agricultural colonies in *w South Wales for three months for nothing, so that they may pick up some experience before they go to their own land. Mr. Car mthers has formed an intelligence depart ment, at the head of which he has placed Mr. F. C. lu Anderson, formerly Director of Agriculture, and an energetic and uPto dnte man. The difficulty .in New South Wales, as in other States, is to find land for such people 'as well as for our own resi dents, and recent revelations in connection with 'the Lands Commission now sitting in Svdney have proved that a large area ot Land fitted for closer settlement has been obtained by means of -bribery, and has been locked up for 28 years. It is now pro posed that many of these so-called im provement leases shall be cancelled, sur veyed, and made suitable for closer settle ment. If this is done it is thoughtthat there should he 3,000,000 or 4,000,000 acres for closer settlement in the imme diate future. At the same time a number of private estates are subdivided and offer ed to immigrants on easy terms. — Reviving an Old Scheme.— As yet Mr. Carrothers has instructed the Agent-General to accept only immigrants ?who have a certain amount of capital; but I believe that, as it is so neces sary to have practical agricultu ral labourers, and as Mr. Cogh ]an has informed the Premier of New South Wales that a number of practical men without much capital wonld be glad to go out. an attempt will be made to re turn to tlie system of assisted passages, which has been done in New Zealand for some years past, and- as is the case now in Western Australia. I understand that Mr. Carruthers is about to place a small sum on .the Estimates this year for that purpose. Mr. Ashton, the Minister for Lands, has taken energetic steps to ascer tain what area of Crown lands is avail able for closer settlement. It was general ly understood that there was none, but a few months ago he went on a voyage of discovery along one of our northern rivers, and one of the consequences of this has been to throw open the Don Dorrigo coun (,ry_a level plateau. 200,000 acres of which is' supposed to contain some of the finest land in the State. Various other areas are being surveyed, and it is thought that in a short time not only will there lie plenr ty of land available to meet the local de mand, but to provide accommodation for a large number of immigrants. ' —Silly Practices. — At the present time a sillv' system is lieing carried out, by which .the States arc really pilfering from one another. For in stance, Western- Australia has agents in the east trying to induce settlers to leave their present homes and go to Western Austra lia, and the Queensland Government has lately opened an office in Sydney for the same purpose. Money spent in this way could be laid out much better in Europe in trying to induce people to come to Australia.'. The Norwegian Parliament ds elected very differently from ours. It consists ot 114 members, many of whom sit in the House under protest. AH Norwegians over 25 years of age, who satisfy certain condi tion^ of residence, &c.;, meet in the local parish church once in three years, and choose one man out of every hundred pre sent to select the members of Parliament for the country. The men so selected are bound to serve, whether they like the hon our or not. Immediately Parliament meets, one-fourth of the members ave chosen to form the Upper House, the remaining three-fourths constituting . the Lower House. The Upper House may send hack a Bill twice, but after the second rejection both Houses vote together as one. In that case, however, a majority of two-thirds is necessary to pass the Kill. _ Glass teapots are, it is said, coming- into favour in the United States. They are made of strong tempered glass, and are delicately trimmed with bands of silver. Inside the teapot, a .hollow ball of silver rolls about, and by prompt absorption of the heat of the boiling water prevents the glass ifrom cracking. The charm of the crystal teajwt lies not wholly in its beauty, for there is .the additional advantage that the teamaker can sec just what quantity, she has on hand. 