EXPENDITURE ON WATER SUPPLY'. But the Minister for Water Supply has slated ho will require to draw largely on the loan moneys to carry out water supply schemes. The irrigation policy of the Go vernment has indicated that an expenditure of £2ou,000 per year is requisite for six years. The Government therefore proposes to seek the requisite authority to raise locally the amounts required for the period I have named. CLOSER SETTLEMENT LEGISLATION. The Cabinet has also under consideration a hill for providing for the establishment and control of small improvement holdings on land. This bill is founded on the Danish system. Under it probationary tenants re ceive assistance under supervision until tlie land is sufficiently improved to enable ten ants to become self-supporting and obtain a lease. It is my intention to introduce this bill -without unnecessary delay, so that it may become law before the end of the session. We intend to ask tlie Iouse to give us £75,000 per annum for this .purpose for 'three years. We want more agricultur ists and people who ivill become producers to add to the national wealth. I -have col lected a lot of information on this subject, which I will read. .Mr. Bent read details of the Canadian immigration statistics, and then continued. From 1899 I find in Can ada £604,000 was spent in promoting im migration. The question is, how far can Australia follow the Canadian example? The recital of these particulars with re spect to Canadian immigration will show that the Government has considered this most momentous question. Parliament will he fully advised before anything is done. The report of the Closer Settlement Board will he presented to Parliament to-night. The board has done, and is doing, good work. A grca't deal will depend upon how this land is absorbed when considering the question of future acquirements, and should there be any -lack of applications the Government may have to consider tjjc ad visability of placing some of this land at t'lio disposal, in London, of future immi grants from tlie old country; though our own people should know, from their know ledge and bringing up, how best to." .make farming in Victoria a payable occupation. The lands Purchase Board commends to the serious consideration of the Minister the question that some provision for a homestead and necessary fencing be made in the Closer Settlement Aet, to meet eases of families possessed of furniture, working plant and stock, going ' into possession, without the necessary capital "for their erection. Should any of these iands -he plac ed at the disposal of intending immigrants I think the committee will agree with me that at least a habitable house should be erected for them -also, so .that, on their ar rival, they may at once be able to go into occupation and have at least a dwelling in which to lay their heads. (Hear, hear.) Some such reciprocal scheme as I have here lightly touched upon seems a necessary corollary to the various' views which have been so freely' expressed of "late, in the press and on the public platform, on the question of immigration. Some of its advo cates look at the question from a selfish point of view; some, only from sympathy and consideration for oUr kindred at home. I a-m actuated by both, for I cannot forget what is due to that deab old motherland which, unsolicited, is watching over us with a mother's care, and who, with a mother's foresight, has, within the "last few days, determined to establish a naval base within a few days' sail of our shores, which should tend to allay our fears of any intermed dling of the nations, for as long as tlie British race holds the "Gates of the East " so long shall our security be absolutely as sured from any of the nations who may be tempted to 'lav'violent hands upon our adopted country. (Cheers.) . . The Premier moved .that a sum not ex ceeding £705,139 he granted for the ser vices for two motgfhs of the year 1005-1006. The motion was agreed to, and a bill to apply the sum tout of the consolidated re- The Premier thanked the House for the kind reception it had given to the budget speech. Mr. Prenderga'st 'asked for the adjourn ment of the debate on the budget for a fortnight. The Premier: If the honorable member will make it a week, I will agree. If any member asks for more time, t'hen I will say "Yes." l'hc debate was adjourned accordingly for a week. At 6.30 p.m. the House adjourned till 4.30 p.m. to-day. 