LITERATURE. £3IN THE BOOK OF THE WEEK The Life of Granville George Leveson Gower Second Earl Granville, 25 1891." My Lord Edmond FitzmWice. London Longmans. Two vols. Born in 1815, and dying in 1891. Granville George Leveson-Gower, second Earl Granville, was a distinguished figure in thenæ tics and society of Great Britain during larger part of the nineteenth century. although never Prime Minister he led the Liberal Party in the House of Lords, and sold. among other important offices, those of Colonial and Foreign Secretary. H< entered the House of Commons in the first year of Queen Victoria's reign as Lord 'Leveson, and when he died he was Glad stone B right hand in the leadership of the (Liberal Party, then, perhaps, at the name of its fortunes. He entered Parliament When he was 22, and held office before he was 25. For considerably upwards of half a century he was behind the scenes of high politics. He was the intimate friend of Canning, and had as colleagues, Melbourne, Clarendon, John Russell, Palmerston, Gladstone, and Bright. Above all, as these Volumes abundantly show, he was the con v fidant of Queen Victoria. The Prince Consort, it appears, had no very high opinion of English statesmanship. The Prince attributes to the want or philosophical training the principal deficiency in English statesmen. They never look at any subject as part of a whole. He instanced the administration of the army and navy. The Queen herself made little concealment of her personal preferences in the matter of her advisers, and Lord Palmerston was no more persona grata with her Majesty than was Mr. Gladstone. It was at her direct instigation that Lord John Russell dispensed with Lord Palmerston's services at the Foreign Office. The Queen appears to have thought that she had a greater right to a voice in foreign policy than Palmerston would in practice admit. When, therefore, Lord Granville was installed at the Foreign Office as Palmerston's successor the Queen addressed to him a lengthy letter, from which the following passages are taken "The Queen thinks the moment of the change in the person of her Secretary for Foreign Affairs affords a fit opportunity to have the principles upon which of our foreign affairs have been conducted since the beginning of 1848 reconsidered v by Lord John Russell and his Cabinet Although the Queen is still convinced that the general principles laid down by Lord John at that time for the conduct of our foreign policy were in themselves Light, she has in the progress of the last three years become painfully convinced that the manner in which they have been practically applied has worked cut very different results from those which the correctness of the principles themselves had led her to expect, for, v when the revolutionary movement on the Continent had laid prostrate almost all of the Governments, and England alone is ' played that order, vigor, and prosperity which it owes to a stable, free, and good Government, the Queen, instead of warning the natural good results of such a glorious position, viz., consideration, , goodwill, confidence, and influence Y abroad, obtained the very reverse, and had the grief to see her Government and herself treated on many occasions with neglect, aversion, distrust, and even contumely. The Queen is certainly not disposed to defend the personal manner in which Lord Palmerston has conducted foreign affairs, but she cannot admit that the errors he committed were merely y faults in form and method. The Queen \- , considers that she has also to complain of what appeared to her deviations from the principles laid' down by the Cabinet for his conduct; nay, she sees distinctly in their practical application a personal and arbitrary perversion of the very nature and essence of those principles. She has only to refer here to Italy, ~ Spain, Greece, Holstein, France, in, which afford ample illustrations of this \- charge.". 5 In a letter, curiously suggestive of a desire simply to humor the Queen, Lord John Russell, in forwarding her Majesty's request <t Ifco Lord Granville, said: -"I send you a letter from the Queen, which imposes upon you the duty of pre t paring a programme. I have told her Majesty that it is not the policy of this '.-.».country to make engagements except in view of the circumstances of the moment, and thus any rule may be broken through it but the best rule, after all, is to do to others as we wish that they should do > unto us. Still, you may write the sketch of what you conceive our foreign policy should be." Acting on Lord John's suggestion Lord Grenville drew up the required memoran . Sum, in which he states his conviction that She foreign policy of England ought to be Justice, moderation, and self- respect." when the Schleswig-Holstein question arose in 1864, Palmerston, like most chivalrous Englishmen, was full of sympathy for Denmark, but Queen Victoria took the part of Germany, and would not hear of any inter- £ scenes, such as Palmerston had threatened more than once, on behalf of the country of King Christian. It - became a -(question whether England was to be ruled by its elected representatives, or by the sovereign. In a letter to Clarendon Lord Granville described the Queen as up in her stirrups," ''very German," and determined; if needs fcary, to resist Lord John Russell." "I was obliged," adds Granville, to hint that a- " ' it was a question on which she could not hope to be omnipotent." The Queen, however, would not yield. In a letter to Granville she said: She would feel it her duty, in the interests of this country and of the peace of Europe, to resist any proposal for war. The only chance of preserving peace for Europe is by not assisting Denmark who has brought this entirely on herself, and who, the Queen believes, would even now resist fulfilling her promises. Denmark is, after all, of less vital importance than the peace of Europe, and it would be madness to set the whole Continent on fire for imaginary advantages of maintaining the integrity of Denmark. Lord Palmerston and the Emperor Nicholas are the cause of all the present trouble by framing that wretched treaty of 1852. The Queen suffers much, and her nerves are more and more totally shattered, and her rest broken. ... If Lord Gran | ville only reflects, he will understand A how terrible her position is. But, though v all this anxiety is wearing her out, ' it will not shake her in her firm purpose of resisting any attempt to involve this country in a mad and useless combat. Lord Ellenborough appears to have been more outspoken than other peers concerning what he considered the Queen's undisguised attempts to dictate to the Cabinet, and her Majesty was particularly indignant at Lord, Derby's omission, as Leader of the Conservative Opposition in the House of Lords, to "utter any contradiction or con- demnation of his followers statements." The Queen denied that in siding with Ger- many she had been inspired by her German origin or predilections, or by the marriage of her daughter with the Crown Prince of Germany, declaring that no one could have divested himself more completely than she had done of all thought of natural-ties in the single desire to uphold the interest of England. Lord John Russell had proposed to give material aid to Denmark by sea if Denmark would accept arbitration on the boundary question, but the Danish, states- men foolishly rejected this proposal, and the British Government had no alternative but to withdraw from the lamentable business, and leave Denmark to its fate. The Queen herself, while opposing extreme measures against Prussia, thought that Bismarck should be made aware of what every honest person in Europe must think of Prussians gross and unblushing violation of every assurance and pledge she had given." It is obvious from all this that Lord Granville could have had no enviable time at the Foreign Office. Nor was the moment of his return to that department in 1879 a, happy one. It was the eve of the Franco-Prussian war. and Hammond, the Permanent Under-Secretary, had told him that there was no danger on the horizon. Granville himself was under no illusion; he felt, his biographer quotes, "like a man trying to prevent a fire with inflammable materials all round him." A trying time was passed a little later, when Russia's desire to tear up treaties was successfully withstood. His diplomacy, as his biographer shows, was certainly not a failure, but rather a triumph, in that the Black Sea was secured to Turkey and the inviolability of the treaties upheld. Granville, also, had much to do with Gordon's position in Egypt. In 1883 he wrote to Gladstone: "Do you see any objection to using Gordon income way? He has an immense name in-Egypt-he is popular at home. He is a strong, but very sensible, opponent of slavery. He has a small bee in his bonnecA When Gordon had departed both Gran- ville and Gladstone were beset with difficulties. In their desire to avoid committing the country to extensive military operations they found Gordon's determination to remain at Khartoum very embarrassing. He wanted to evacuate the Soudan, and at the same time to see the prestige of the Egyptian Government restored by the creation of garrisons. When the disaster came Granville wrote to his chief that he felt "regret but not remorse," at his o own responsibility in the matter. Gladstone's own position is thus explained in a letter by, himself to Granville: "The cause was insufficient knowledge of our man, whom we rather took on fruit from the public impressions, and from newspaper accounts which were probably not untrue, put so far from the whole truth that we were misled. The first sign of our difficulties was the affair of Zebehr, in which you may remember my fight against the Cabinet, I think the entire Cabinet, and my giving way only because I thought that our compliance would at once be followed by an address from the House of Commons reversing it. Then came v the time when you thought Gordon should be recalled, and here I am responsible for having advised you not to press an opinion which it was plain the Cabinet would not adopt. But then it should be borne in mind that (if Bremer her right) we authorised him to remain only if he saw, or believed he saw his way to a reasonable settlement of the native government for the Soudan. It is now, I think, plain that he never, or never after his first few days, had any rational hope of that kind, and that he ought at a very early date to have come away of his own motion. He really remained in utter defiance of the whole mind and spirit of our instructions. I do not see what could have justified him, except (like Nelson at Trafalgar a great success. To remain beleaguered in Khartoum was only the proof of his failure. It was his absolute duty to withdraw if he could; and I have never heard his power to do so disputed. For , us: to have complied with his demands was madness and crime. In opposition to his demands. Hartington made one of the two admirable speeches by which he career of 1880-5 was distinguished. After that period he had more leaning to the dispatch of troops than some of 19 had. M; memory of the long and tangled course of correspondence i< obscure. But I do not think he ever came to any sharp issue (like mine about Zebehr), rather that if the main he got what he wanted, think with you that the real question is 'Were we justified in sending when we did send?' I have not the smallest doubt that we were right in our refusals to fight against nature, whether up the Nile of from Suakim. In the long and complicated Egyptian business we were, for the most part, as I think, drawn on inevitably by a necessity of honor. It is a slight comfort to me to look back to a; prophecy in the House of Commons. . think in 1876, at the time of the Cave Commission, as to the consequence of in tcrmeddling with Egyptian finance. Be we committed the error of sending Gordon; and I think another in landing a' Suakim. For neither of these are w< blamed as we ought to be Granville's urbanity rarely deserted him but now and again it did, as when the Queen's insistence upon the Soudan Expedition elicited from him the following com- ment: "The Queen should ask the Empress Eugenie whether she now thinks she was right in urging her husband to undertake the Mexican as well as the Franco-German war." In the light of what we now know about the Congo Free State, Lord Granville's opinion of it, when it was first formed by the King of the Belgians, is not without! interest: It seemed to him that, even without questioning the excellence of the King's in tentions, a new State founded in the in terior of a vast and almost unexplored continent, and only loosely attached by the personal tie of kingship to a small and weak European State, would be likely to attract to itself the off-.<courings o] Europe, and that every adventurer whose past exploits made it desirable for him to quit his country for his country's good would be anxious to seek a career in lands where, in the service of a nominally civilised Government, he would be able to give a free hand to all the worst impulses of human nature. Gladstone's politics were never much to the taste of his sovereign, who did not like his resolutions concerning Irish Church disestablishment, and liked, still less, We are told, the Liberal opposition to her assump' tion of the title of "Empress of India's Disraeli is popularly credited with the invention of the title; but as early as 1857 the Prince Consort had suggested that the Queen should have an Indian title-page title, such as the Great Mogul, which would connect itself with the ancient history of the country." In 1880 the Queen's dislike of Gladstone led to an attempt on her part to exclude him from the Premiership after Disraeli's fall. She induced Hartington to sound Gladstone on the question whether he would take office under either Hartington or Granville. With the consciousness that he had the nation behind him Gladstone refused, and the following letter was then sent by Granville to the Queen: Lord Hartington and I have acted in perfect harmony for the last ten years, and it is after very full conversation that welcome to the following conclusions: It is much to be regretted that Mr. Gladstone ever gave up the leadership of the Liberal Party, against the strong wish expressed by us and by his former followers. I believe that he was perfectly sincere at the time, but circumstances, and the energy and earnestness of his character brought him soon again to the front. Criticisms have been made on his conduct as an independent M.P., but the result of the elections have shown that he has a hold over the con- stituencies which no other man possesses. It is clear that age has not weakened his powers of work, and we believe it would be for the advantage of the Queen, of the country, and of the Liberal Party that he should be sent for by the Queen on the present critical occasion. Even from the point of view held by some, that there is danger from his exceptional ascendency, his course would be more easily controlled by the influence of the Sovereign, by the pressure of his colleagues, always so great upon every Prime Minister whatever may be thought outside - and by his own increased sense of responsibility, than it he were an independent member with no official check upon his utterances, and subject to the stimulants which would be applied not only by the more advanced party and the Irish members, but by the greater portion of the able men who will ¿^^disappointed in not obtaining office." The Queen is actually charged in this biography with having refused to comply with Gladstone's request for peerages for certain Jewish members of the Liberal Party, though Granville, in the apparent belief that he was urging an irresistible argument, represented to her Majesty the 'wisdom of attaching the Jews to the aristocracy rather than driving them into the Democratic camp. When the Home Rule split came, Granville stuck to Gladstone, partly from devotion to his chief, partly through real belief in Home Rule, and partly because he believed in the system of two parties. On the general merits of the question, and also in regard to the particular measure introduced, Lord Granville was in more complete agreement with Mr. Gladstone than were most of the Cabinet; and in regard to the opportunity there was something in this political Balaclava charge which appended to the element of optimism in his character, and made him, as in the expedition to relieve General Gordon, too prone to believe that matters would turn out eventually- as he hoped they would. A certain sporting instinct and enjoyment of the unexpected, which, however carefully repressed, was strong within him, made him enjoy the bold hazard of this dash into the fogs and bogs of Home Rule, and caused him to enter on it with all the greater zest in proportion to the risk. Gladstone called Granville a Liberal all round, if ever there was one," and the latter after the Home Rule debate wrote to his chief "I have never been more proud of being associated with you, or more sure of our being right than now." There are, of course, many references to Gladstone's great rival. Here is an impression of Disraeli, penned in 1876 I had never met Dizzy in a country house' before last week (he wrote to Lord Hartington). He was exceedingly civil to Lady G-- and me. He dis- coursed to Lansdowne and me, conceiving us to be as great aristocrats as-, on the origin, of noble English families. He was occasionally clever and amusing, but I do not think him a really good member of society. He seemed to lack ease. Whether owing to love for Lady. e, or to the complications of the Eastern question, he was very absent. Upon Lady - blowing him up violently for trumping her best card, he pleaded that during the third rubber he always began to think of the East. Bunny judiciously asked him if he minded Gladstone's attacks. He said, "No, I like it; it is a proof of his angry and bitter envy." He told me that the small number of a Cabinet was invaluable-that, it made Ministers so united and so anxious to do their fair share of work. Here, again, is a sketch of Bright, whom Granville introduced to the Queen at Osborne in 1868: I called for, him at dinner-time his dress was irreproachable after he had readily agreed to take off a pair of bridal white gloves. He was rather pleased, quoted his tailor's approval of rights and acknowledged he had promised to re- hearse his costume before his wife and daughter. The beginning of dinner was awful-the Queen with a sick headache and shy, Princess Louise whispering un intelligently in my ear. Bright like a war-horse champing his bit, and dying to be at them. At last an allusion to children enabled me to tell Bright to repeat to her Majesty his brother's obser- vation where, considering what charm- ing things children were, all the queer old men come from. This amused the Queen, and all went on merrily. She talked to him for a long time, and the old route evidently touched some femi- nine chord, for she was much pleased with him, and saw him again next morning. FICTION. "The Last Chance." By Rolf Boldrewood. London: Macmillan's Colonial Library. It is perhaps, unfortunate that in criticising an Australian author, we are generally disposed to enquire into the indications rather of national than of individual characteristics; though it may be inevitable that this should be the case in a literature where we must still look rather for the promise than for actual performance. If this book were written by an Englishman in England we should be more inclined than we are to overlook certain obvious blemishes, notably the introduction into an Australian story or a mass of matter which has nothing Australian about it. We for- give an interpolated dissertation on a leper colony, and the escape of a suspected "case with the? sub stance of a sporting / rescue and an intrepid captain. We can only regard as needless padding descriptions of the 'Varsity boat-race on the Thames, polo matches, and the race for the Liverpool Cup, which are included in the story-on the pretext that they were witnessed by the hero and the heroine. Similarly a visit paid by the interesting couple to Scotland affords what we cannot but consider an inadequate excuse for filling whole pages with the poetry and prose of Scott and other authors. By far the best portion of The Last Chance," in regard alike tcf con- struction and style, is that which relates to the Western Australian goldfields, where Arnold Bannaret goes in search of that fortune which he cannot easily obtain as Commissioner of Goldfields in New South Wales. Nowhere is the author more at home than amid the stir and slang of a miner's life. With his help we scan with the mind's eye the scattered huts and tents of a goldfield, as carefully distributed over the forlorn levels as if they had been rained down from the sky in some abnormal storniburst,'"' the stunted, colorless copes, with their distorted, dwarfish acacia trees, with the restless team and saddle horses crowding around the drays as if imploring provender, too sensible of the sterility of the land to waste time in wandering around on a vain search for pasture, and in the far distance, shrouded by a pale mist, the naked rocks and scarred cliffs of a barrier range, grandly mysterious in virtue of the untold wealth they conceal. With Rolf Boldrewood we move among the settlers who had, many of them, from Britain, America, or the continent of Europe; all sorts of young men unattached, who had never seen Australia before, many good, ' "even aristocratic families, not engaged in any profession, eager and anxious to have their share of the treasure which Dame Nature is distributing with lavish hand; men from old colonial families, who bring their wives with them, or send for them after they have secured an investment likely to be permanent. The story ends happily, for the "Last Chance," which is the name given to a mining claim, pays sufficiently to enable the lucky owner to get his sons and daughters properly educated and to provide him with a comfortable competence for the rest of his days. "The Toll of the Bush." By William Satchell, London: Macmillan & Co. This is a novel in which a story of passionate love is woven into a background composed of scenes of life in the New Zealand bush. There Major Milward, the pioneer settler in the Auckland district, has his home, and with him, in addition to his son Sandy and his daughter Eve, lives his pro- tege and secretary, Geoffrey Fernshaw. Geoffrey's father, a London journalist, had been brought up standing by the verdict of his family physician, that he could hope for longevity only in a kindlier climate than that of England. He has too recently emerged from the barren places of his profession to have accumulated much money to invest in the improvement of the farm he purchases in New Zealand. His' capital quickly vanishes, and he dies broken-hearted, leaving his son Geoffrey to the care of an uncle. Later in life Geoffrey takes service with the benevolent squatter, Milward, in the capacity already- mentioned, and being a well - read man, keenly interested in many subjects he enlists the 'sympathy of his employer, and the rather easily - excited admiration of the sentimental Eve. It seems quite obvious that the attachment between Eve and Geoffrey can have only one result, till one day, as they are riding to weather through the bush, a singular thing appears. They are passing a weatherboard clearing, with a narrow verandah, when Eve becomes conscious of a change in her companion. She sees him regarding with intent eyes the features of a man on the verandah. The man is looking with a strange glitter in his eyes and a mocking smile on his lips at the passing horseman. It seems to Eve that the recognition of the two men is mutual, that that exchange of electric glances must result in speech, and speech of a startling character. Butsworth horse- man rides steadily by, the man on the verandah stands smiling in silence. A curve in the road brings the scene to an end. The lady thinks that as Geoffrey's betrothed she- is entitled to have her curiosity satisfied as to the identity of the man with the malevolent eyes. Geoffrey thinks the occasion not opportune for a revelation which, when made, leaves his honor unaffected. But he has in a clergyman named Fletcher, a rival who makes the most of the mysterious scene in the forest, and who has no difficulty in persuading the indignant Eve that the stranger is really the husband of a woman Geoffrey had seduced. Eve only discovers Geoffrey's innocence after her marriage with the mendacious Fletcher. In the bush, whither she flees, she is found by Fletcher. They have a hard time in escaping the flames' in which the forest, through some accident, becomes enveloped, and which destroy Fletcher's homestead on the skirts of it. As Fletcher himself is burned to a cinder there is nothing to prevent Geoffrey's marriage with Eve. The rescue by the hopeless drunkard of the place of his children, who are menaced by the flames, is one of many subsidiary touches that show the authors power of graphic narra tion. "The Chariots of the Lord." By Joseph Hock- ing. London: Religious Tract Society. Roman Catholicism is still Mr. Hocking's bite noise. But there is less of what he Calls the "Scarlet Woman element" in "The Chariots of the Lord" than we have seen in any of his works excepting "And shall Trelawney Die," a work which no reader is likely soon to forget. Mr. Hock- ing is a born writer of adventure stories, and it cannot be denied that he has a splendid field for his peculiar skill in the persecution of the Protestants in James He's reign, the barbarities of Judge Jeffreys, and the horrors of the Monmouth rebellion. The period covered by the story supplies a mass of picturesque detail, of which Mr. Hock- ing makes the best possible use. His hero, Benedict Trelawney, is, as usual, a Cor- bushman. He is endowed with the almost superhuman qualities Mr. Hocking is fond of attributing to his favorite characters, and defies alike Jeffreys in his court, and the King in his palace. It was a day of strong-minded women, and Lady Mary Beaumont, who posing as Judge Jeffreys' daughter is really his secret antagonist, is as resourceful a lady as we have encountered in fiction. she. is instrumental in securing the incarceration of her lover on more than one occasion, but it is all for his own good, as the reader will agree. In "The Chariots of the Lord." Mr. Hocking has decidedly augmented his reputation as a writer of melodrama with an historical basis. In construction, if not in style, the story deserves to be ranked with Conan Doyle's "Micah Clarke." 'Die King's Achievement." By Robert Hugh Benson. London: Sir Isaac Pitman & Sons. The Rev. R. H. Benson, of the Roman Catholic Rectory, Cambridge, takes the Roman Catholic view of Henry VHL the view which Froude, who was apt to over- state every case he took up, called the "un English view." The historian, it will be remembered, was ready to excuse even the judicial murder of Sir Thomas More on the ground that any act by which the latter refused to declare himself openly for the English party was an encouragement to the un-English party. To Froude the sentence of death pronounced on More was most inevitable," because "the hour of retribution had come at length when at the hands of the Roman Church was to be required all the religious blood which it had shed from, the blood of Raymond of Toulouse to the blood of the last victim which had blackened into ashes at Smithfield. The present novelist makes the death of More a subject of reproach to those who inflicted it, on two grounds first, that the chief witness against him was a law officer of the Crown, who related details of a private conversation; and, secondly, that whereas the Act attached the penalty of treason to the denial of the King's supremacy, Sir Thomas More merely would not answer the questions about it which no one was legally authorised to put to him. Mr. Benson applauds the courage of More in refusing an oath which the majority of persons in England, including his own wife and children, had no difficulty in accept- ing. It would be an error to suppose, however, that "The King's Achievement" is merely, or even largely, controversial. Its pages acquire a more than ephemeral interest from their treatment of certain great historical figures; but the reader's sympathies are mainly enlisted by the fortunes of Beatrice Atherton and Ralph Torridon, of Overfield, secretary and agent for the Royal adviser, Cromwell. While Torridon is instrumental in furthering the Kings policy, Beatrice clings to the old faith, and in the conflict between the two, the clash of opposite convictions," lie the tragic elements of the story. The fall of Crom- well leads also to that of his minion, Tor- rider, who, while a prisoner in the lower, breathes his last in the presence of Beatrice Atherton. The story is brightly written, and shows an extensive knowledge of the period. "Jack Halliday, Stockman." By 'Giles Sea trram" (Mr. H. "J. Driscoll). Adelaide: Vardon and Pritchard. There are too many writers who consider that they are making contributions to Australian literature when, to quote Professor Tucker, they strive to emphasise the "Aus tralianity of things Australian by dragging in as much Australian bush, as much Australian flora and fauna, Australian occupation, Australian idioms and slang as could be forced into the otherwise motiveless page." To this category Mr. Driscoll can not be charged with belonging. His page is not "motiveness;" neither does he di violence to Australian scenery and Australian idioms. He lets them come in voluntarily, and incidentally as it were. above all, he has the power to interest and amuse and that, of course, is the great thing wherever a story may be located and whatever its plot may be. As the narrative is largely one of adventure encountered by the author it is natural that it should be written in the first person, and though Giles Seagram is of course, a nom de plume, his colloquial ap relation of "Farmer Giles" was actually borne by the author when in the seven ties he tramped, the bush and made a first-hand acquaintance with its various types. The hero is an English new-chum, named Jack Halliday. The heroine is Alice Clayton, sister to "Warry," the fencing boss" at Middle Camp, a station on the Darling. Alice and her widowed mother go into the bush to keep house for Warry, who is a very fair specimen of the Australian bushman. The villain is Barwon, a ne'er-do-well ' knock-about, who hates Jack Halliday, and by treachery seeks to injure him. Jack is accused of forgery and other offences of which Barwon is really guilty. Alice, who cannot at once. be persuaded of Jack's innocence; refuses his request for her hand, and he is forced to betake himself to a roving career until Alice, discovering in due time her mistake, makes him. happy. We leave him on the threshold of his career as a squatter, an opportune legacy enabling him to embark in that capacity. Mr. Driscoll writes in an easy, lucid style, which is well adapted to the nature of his work. His local color is the more convincing because it is quite clear that he has not gone in quest of it. He writes about what his eye has seen and his heart felt, and it is apparent as we go on that the story has grown upon the author as it grows upon the reader. He writes-with the grasp and accuracy of detail with which men look back upon their own experiences, and we feel in reading "Jack Halliday" that a distinct contribution is being made to our knowledge of the. bush and of its varied types upwards of a generation ago. There is much skill shown in the constant change of scene, in the variety of persons woven together with bands of different strength, and in the control the author exercises over the subsidiary threads of narrative. Nor does the story lose by the air- of cheerfulness and mirth by which it is pervaded, and by a perception, shown in small and passing, but effective, touches of the comic side of events. Mr. Driscoll has done something to refute the theory that the atmosphere of the Australian bush is necessarily pervaded with gloom. MISCELLANEOUS WORKS. "Back to Sunny Seas." By Frank T. Bullen. London: Macmillan & Co. This work is the outcome of a trip to the West Indies, which the author made as the guest of the Royal Mail Steam Packet Company. Those who wish to understand how shamefully the Imperial Government have treated that company in the matter of carriage of mails, could not do better than read "Back to Sunny Seas," in which they will find the case of the company set out in much detail. Although the company behaved very handsomely to Mr. Bullen, he is anxious to show that this book is not intended as a requital for their hospitality. It is only a simple regard for truth which makes him fender ecstatic acknowledgment of the superiority of the boats and the officers and men of the company over the boats, officers, and men of other companies.. Great Britain, says the author, has truckled too long to the united States and Germany, and has allowed Central America to flout the home Government, while kow-towing to foreigners. For Barbadoes the loyal" Mr. Bullen has nothing but praise. The way things are managed in the islands under foreign flags pleases him a good deal less. He jeered at the paternal Govern- ment" of Columbia, where the streets are beautifully wide and clear," but where typhoid is rife. The inhabitants can afford to support a theatre costing £250,000, but they cannot spare money for a deep drainage system. The Spanish coast a protected by an Immigration Prohibition Act, which argues in the inhabitants a queer idea of liberty." The trip seems to have been a pleasant one for the author, but we cannot help thinking that the conditions under which it was made have done something to mar his account of it. We hear too much about the wrongs of the steamship company and too little about the islands, which indeed the author could only view from the deck, as boats carrying mails cannot make a prolonged stay at any port. / "Punctuation Simplified." . By T. Bridges. London: T. Bridges, West Kensington. The author of this manual has, as a correc- tor for the press, had much experience in the art of punctuation. The subject is simplified in that the definitions and rules, whilst strictly based on the principles of grammar, combined with rhetorical considerations, are stated without the use of grammatical terms (such as noun, pronoun, verb, c), and by the numerous examples given, which examples have been carefully selected with a view to their illustrating the rules, and also for their intrinsic literary or other interest. The book may be recommended to those engaged in professions or in business, as well as to printers' readers. t It has had so large a sale that a third edition is necessary, though it made its first appearance less than twelve months ago. "Grace Abounding," by John Bunyan. London: , Religious Tract Society. In "Pilgrim's Progress" Bunyan de 1 scribes, in his inimitable style, his strivings to gain relief from the burden of sin and his progress in the Christian life; in "Grace | Abounding" he tells in vivid language-of j the doubts and perplexities which laid hold of his soul as he struggled strenuously for! possession of peace; how he obtained deliverance from doubt, and what suffering, persecution, and imprisonment his faithful service for his Lord really meant. The shilling edition of "Grace Abounding," which we have received from the publishers, is uniform with their shilling edi- tion of the "Pilgrim's Progress," and, like it, contains eight colored plates, executed by Mr. Harrold Copping, who has fully caught the spirit of Bunyan's work. The text itself is as nearly as possible that of the eighth, which was corrected by Bunyan 1 a few weeks before his death. The use of I capital letters, however, has been consider ably modified, and the orthography in places modernised. In some few instances the Scripture references have been added to quotations where they did not appear in 1 the original. It must be remembered that Bunyan often quoted-Scrinture in exactly, and it has not been deemed necessary to make all his quotations follow the text of the Authorised Version. The November number of Faulding's ' Medical and Home Journal" is to hand, 1 and the contents, as usual, are interesting, | and instructive. The editor contributes biographical sketches of two wellknown ! journalists. Mr. Phillip Mennell, and Mr. William E. C. Chapman. The former was a journalist of considerable reputation, and had visited Australia at many different times. The latter was at one time employed as a journalist in Adelaide, and subsequently became manager of a well known South African diamond mine. Of special interest to mothers is the weekly article on "The Baby," in which many valuable hints are given as to the welfare of the precious infant. The contents include letters from inter-State and foreign correspondents, a special ladies' letter, and articles dealing with inebriates, and their treatment, children and their lessons, and tobacco in health and disease. The illustrations are particularly fine. 1 LITERARY NOTES. At a time when anniversaries are more and more the vogue, it is curious to notice a tendency to celebrate them months after date. As with Crabbe's 150th birthday, so with the 50th anniversary of the death of Charlotte Bronte, commemorated at Haworth, in Yorkshire, on October 7. The celebration was more than six months late Charlotte Bronte died on March 21. 1855. She was the daughter of a curate who had to keep a wife and six children on £200 _ a year, and her early life was one of austerity if not actual privation. She gained a precarious livelihood as a governess, and her earliest effort at writing was made when she was only 14. It was in 1847 that "Jane Eyre, an autobiography," by Currer Bell her assumed name - took an astonished world of critics and readers by storm. Her success, which she only lived eight years to enjoy, was the more remarkable because she knew little or nothing of literary society. Her mental gifts were stimulated in her father's library, and the rugged independence and strength of her native Yorkshire were reflected in her work. She married the Rev. Arthur Bell Nicholls, who is still living, nearing his 90th year. Lady Currie, wife of Lord Currie, late British Ambassador at Constantinople and Rome, died at Harrogate on October 14. Lady Currie, who had been suffering for some time from heart disease, belonged to a family in which picturesque imagination was a dominant note. Her father, Charles Montgomerie Lamb, was one of the chief promoters of the Eglinton tournament?, and rode in it himself as the Knight of the White Rose. In early years Lady Currie began to write poetry, adopting the nom de plume of Violet Fane for her first volume From Dawn to Noon," which was published in 1872, shortly after her marriage with her first husband. Mr. Henry Singleton. Her own family offered, it was understood, a good deal of opposition to the publication of the book. Various novels, memoirs, and books of verse followed, the best known of the volumes being perhaps "Helen Davenant," "The Memoirs of Marguerite of Valois," and the comic Edwin and Angelina Papers." Doubtless her best-known verses are "For Ever and For Ever," which Tosti has set to some familiar music. In the report of an interview with Madam Sarah Grand, the London "World" tells j us that "there is nothing of the caricature notion of the new woman about this stanch defender of woman's rights, nothing very modern in her manners-, except perhaps the cigarette, which she takes with her coffee, and acknowledges candidly as on the whole, a bad habit if it becomes a habit.' Madam Grand, indeed, has quite an old-fashioned charm of manner, sweet and gracious, and a little shy with strangers; so eager to put her guest at ease and to get into sympathy with his temperament that a friendly intimacy is soon established." Every now and then, in conversation with Sarah Gland, a sentence flashes out with a touch of epigram or a sparkle of wit. "Life is so serious that the writer on life may hardly finish his article without losing countenance and bursting into laughter." "Some people preach the necessity of pain. I would rather teach the duty of pleasure." "The doctrine of reincarnation is very seductive to those who have failed in one life and would like a second chance." "Man is still supremely selfish, and only gives what he must to women." "The more novels there are, the less we can read." "How good it is to be under command! It is so restful to give up one's will to others. Yet to rebel is also good, and to have the strength to rebel makes life worth living." Some interesting particulars regarding the price of fiction in the old days appear in Methuen's "Bulletin." To go no further back than the middle of the eighteenth century, we find that there the price of novels, which before had been low, had risen to 2/6 a volume sewn, or a bound, and with slight variations these charges remained constant for nearly 50 years. Thus in 1749 purchasers who could not wait for "Tom Jones to be bound were invited to buy the six volumes served for 167. The two volumes of Tristram Shandy," published in 1759, were advertised "neatly bound" for 5/. "The Vicar of Wakefield appeared in two volumes in 1766 and sold for 57 sewed or 67 bound. In 1786 an enterprising publisher compiled a list, which professed to comprise all the publications of the century, with their size and price. Of the eight or nine hundred novels there recorded, the great majority are priced at 2/6 a volume. CHILDREN'S BOOKS. "Chatterbox," annual volume, for 1905 "The Prize," annual volume, for 1865. London: Wells, Gardner. Darton, & Co. The most popular of children's annuals is "Chatterbox," which, in spite of the competition it has encountered since its establishment, considerably over a genera- tion ago, still leaves all rivals far behind in the suffrages alike of boys and girls. The volume for 1905, which is now on sale in Adelaide, contains over 200 engravings by H. J, Rhodes, A. T. olives, and other eminent artists, besides many beautiful colored plates; two capital serial tales, "Afloat on the Dogger Bank," by H. C. Moore, and "The Boy Tramp," by Thomas Cobb, a popular writer for boys; shorter stories, sketches, and scraps (useful and amusing), poetry, puzzles, me. ''Cruisers in the Roads is at station or a dozen intending articles upon ballooning in all countries, and in all ages. They practically exhaust the subject. Instruction and entertainment are combined in a series of articles on "Heroes and Heroines of Famous Books," old and new, and a similar claim may be made for another series depicting the adventures of a boy tramp. The London newspapers have been reviving stories of events of a century ago, and "Chatterbox" shows that of these there are many which are not without interest for the young. Thus we have an account of Signor Rossignol's clever imitation of the notes of all birds by which he delighted London untE one fatal day it was discovered that the sounds which purported to be made with his unaided lips were produced by a pierced peach stone concealed in his mouth. After that lm performances ceased to be patronised, and he died in great poverty. In the same series is an account of Repton, the convict, from whom some of the most respected families in Australia are descended. Repton, as a lad, was, in 1865, sentenced to be hanged for rick-burning. As a matter of fact, some sparks from a bonfire at which he was roast- ing potatoes were carried to a hayrick, and as he tried to stamp out the flames, he was taken "red-handed," as the angry farmer expressed it. His sentence was commuted, and he was transported to Botany Bay. His liberation was secured in consequence of an act of bravery he performed, and the master to whom he had been assigned set him up in business. A long account is given of some wonderful caverns in Europe and America; and it may be said in a word that "Chatterbox" contains within its 400 odd pages a perfect mine of information on topics of interest. It is issued in fancy boards at 3. or in cloth, richly gilt, at 5s Another handsome gift book is "The Prize," published at prices ranging from 1/2 to 2/0. In addition to a mass of stories, sketches, and poems, it contains 13 beautiful colored plates and a large number of high - class black-and-white pictures by H. French, H. J. Rhodes, and other eminent artists. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. "The Truth of Christianity," by W. H. Turton: Wells Gardner, Darton, it Co., London. Sir Toady Crusoe," by S. R. Crockett: Wells Gardner. Darton. & Co., London. "Three Little Conspirators by Helen Beaumont; Wells, Gardner, Barton, & Co., London. "Happy-Go-Lucky," by M. H. CornwaU-Legh: Wells Gardner, Darton & Co., London. The Prize:" Wells Gardner, Darton, & Co., London. { "Chatterbox:" Wells Gardner, Darton, & Co., London. "Count Hatzfeldt 8 Letters, 1879-80:" John Murray, London. "The Battle of Wavre and Grouchy's Retreat," by W. Hyde Kelly: John Murray, London. "Ayesha, The Return of She," by H. Rider Haggard: Ward, Lock. & Co., London (per E. S. Wigg & Son, Adelaide) "The Brown House and Cordelia," by M. Booth; Edward Arnold, London. "The Professor's Legacy," by Mrs. Alfred Sidg- wick; Edward Arnold, London. 