Bar Product? in LoDdon. I V1KWS OF A I'llAl-l lCAl. FAHMEll. ¡ Mr. P. tí. Basehe, a Well-known dj ry farmer from the Macleay Kivt returned last week from a trip London ami the Continent. 31 Masche inquired into many matte of the greatest interest to product and the public of this State, anti lias contributed some of his imprt sinus in the following :-With 1_,<* miles of sea between us, it wou seem that we are in another worl anti it is lu» easy matter to make i impression on the millions of peop in Great Britain. The. first way thi would suggest itself is in the new papers. This in England, anti pa ticularly London, is extremely dil t;nlt, anti unless the Government prepared to adopt the Canadian m thods, and s}>eud heaps of money a vertising, it is practically impossibl The Canadian policy has been "ke< pegging away." Canadian lnnd-sc tlement literature of the most allu ing type is to be seen everywhere. Tl Dominion has offices in most cen tri positions, with large show windows lilied with ' exhibits ; the shippir companies interested in the trat adopt the same lines. The Coven ment tloes not give monetary ussis ance to the Immigrant«; but subsid ses the shipping companies on tl number curried. A line exhibit c the products nf Canada is carried a over the Kingdom on a huye mot« waggon. There is a Canadian boon and "people are flocking there i thousands. I think there will bc sad awakening for many. For yent we have been sleeping, and h av been completely overshadowed. Fi rsl ly, by thc mining boom in Sont Africa ; and then by the activity t Canada. If Canada can do all tln-s thines, surely we eau also. The N> M'aies timber trade with tho mothe country has practically ceased. Al the business is dono by one Sydne, firm, which has agent»; in London The sutne linn is represented in Lci| sic, anti is working up a trude wit Cîermuuy. During my visit lo th latter country J had most interest ing interviews with shipping eotupau ies engaged in Australian trade, am timber merchants, who 1 met throu gh Dr. A. -C. .Jürgens, secretary fi the Hamburg Exchange. fJermanj imported in 1002 timber to the valu, of ._t),(l()0,(lf)0. included in the ¡rn ports were large quantities of beech from Norway, Sweden, anti Denmark for street paving purposes. It wouli seem that there is an opening for om hardwood here. The iuitiul eos with New South Wales timber wonk Ix greater than with beech, bu when thc question of durability i: considered the latter is complete!} out oí court. There is inquiry, also for teak . anti rosewood, for shq building anti cabinet work, and muel might be done with our hardwood:' suitable for harbour works. The im- portance of increasing the forest re- serves of the State mid conserving \- our' timbers generally becomes 'al once apparent when one sees the ex . tent of the replanting operations, and considers the enormous outluj annually incurred for the production oftimbcr in Europe. lu addition tc this heavy charge, Germany, as sta ted above, litis paid out as much a.s .C9,OOO,OOO in one year for foreign timber. Alwint 12 years ago the pro spects of a big New South Wides hardwood trude with langland wert! very bright. At that' time the Lon don agents say it was much easier to sell than to receive supplies. Now there seem to bc diUicttlties. Thc practice.of millers mid agents of this State of forwarding timber cut con trary to order caused much incon venience to English buyers, and hus left a bud impression. If 40 pieces JDft. long, Gin. by lin., were ordered, the buyer tloes not want 20 pieces 20ft. long. It is ulso advisable to ship not less than say ¡¡0,000 super ficial feet at a time. The buyers will not bother with small lots, as thc .cost of ' lightering would bc ns tillich for a barge loud as f«r half a loud. The high price of ironbark, the best of our timbers for piles and harbour works, makes it prohibitive. Grcen lieart-a very line timber from Brit ish Guinna-replaces it, ot JCG 10s per load of 50 cubic feet. For rail way sleepers the English companies prefer, particularly for fast travel ling-, thc Baltic fir (on account of the spring) to our hardwood. The fir sleepers, impregnated with creosote -a preservative-can be procured at little more than half the cost of our timbers. The preservative is used notwithstanding it is admitted that ?our mahogany, tallow-wood, or blackbutt would last us.long ugain ; as the fir. It is impossible to com pete just now with the West Austral- ian jarrah, which is practically a ' drug on the market, at £-1 5s per "load" c.i.f. A large amount of English capital is invested in West Australian miHs. and now one huge combine has the controlling influence. There are good prospects' for the the blackbutt and tallow-wood, which is in demand for ear scantling. Milich might be done, too, with spot ted gum for eoachbnilders' work. In quiries were ulso made about our teak, which is found in considerable quantities of the Tweed and Rich mond Hivers, and the hope was ex pressed that trial shipments would In mate. In spite of the existing diffi- culties, with a little push on business lines our hardwood trade should quickly assume considerable dimen- sion*. The N.S. Wales exhibit i London includes u fine collection r our soft timber». I see no prospec outside for these. We should try an popularise them locally, and so dt crease our imports of soft timber. I refer now particularly to butte produced and handled within th State. During my visit to the old country I endeavoured to approac the question of Government grudin without prejudice, and to aseertai the feel ¡ny and true state of titian in London. As u result I have rt eeived overwhelming evidence in fi vi nu- of a thorough (1 would eniphi sise that word) system of Govert, ment supervision und grading, hud ample opportunities of inspect ing'ull the butter coming into Lol don, including Danish, Dutch, Hibci ian, French, irish, Argentine, Net Zealand anti Australian. " 1 also ha opportunities of studying the systei of distribution, and of ascertuinin the. opinion of thc principal dealer* wholesale mid retail, and foti n them practically unanimous in fu\ our of the grading system. I fount no direct opposition. Two replie were non-committal, the agents who gave them tuctfully saying thei opinions were the opinions of th Australian firms they represented Of the imported butters the Dunisl sixmres top price. There is uniformi ty in quality, one. grade only, ant that the best, Compulsory grading by tho Government is not carried ou in Denmark, but there is a system o sujtervision equally elTectivc. Th conditions are altogether difieren from those existing in our State. Ii Denmark butter is the pillar of coin merci:. The country, essentially ni agricultural one, de|H:nd.s on it. Th Government is hy farmers* Pnrlio ment. Seventy-live per cent, of th members are farmers, und the dui ry mnn's interests are never lost sigh of. The co-operative feeling is verj strong, and tin: interests of the indi vidual give way to the interests o the community. In New Sont! Wales we have just the reverse. It i: a question of "grab" ; each for him self. It was not considered wron! j (njul there, is no law to prevent it to ship cart grease to ííngland lab elled "best Australian butter." Tin good name of the country was not considered by the shippers who wen making their profit. Surely this wil rii:oil. Of the Colonial butters, New Zealand, witli th« thorough systeir ! of compulsory grading, holds premiei position. Of the Australian States Victoria, who .was first in the field, leads, her system being griuliiiL j when required. Regarding the mo 'thor State, of free and luisy method.' there, is au clement of uncertainty Some few of our factories consistent i ly «bip butter ol* tin: highest quality '-butter which requires no "push ing," but it is sought for at to): ! Australian rates. The majority ol j brands vary to an enormous extent, i whilst others ure consistently bad, j Queensland ha.» only recently entered I the'Jists. Qufcensluntl is profiting *t}j¡ I the dearly-bought experience of thc 'southern S lutes, who pioneered tin trade. The most popular argument I udviinccd in the State ugainst grad ing is "that it is absurd to certify tc ' condition of butter which has to tra vel l'J,(lt)0 mites anti wait for, suv, seven weeks befo rt: reaching market." In answer, I would direct attention to the experience of New Zealand. London buyers pluee implicit confid ence in the Government certificate, mid, in fact, some factories sell tin. whole season's output, mouths before the butter reaches Kngland, on tin: strength of tin: certificate. We might reasonably expect, under existing conditions, where mixed lots art: shipped, to see much deterioration, but it is quite safe to say that of tim best butters-such as would, beat first-grade certificate-over |»:r cent, would orri vc in perfect condi tion. Another common argument lo- cally advanced is that the Gov- ernment certificate would bc value less, because the buyer will insist nih personal inspection, and be his own grafler." To an extent this must be expected. Others wilj say that fac tories who take special precautions and turn out butter of line flavour and exceptionally high quality will, wrth the grading system, lose their identity. This is not so. There is al ways a market for "special lines," ind a good agent will place them in such n manner us to ensure the brands being always sought after. ¡Tin: method of trading in .England, where there is much forward buying for the provinces and for contract purposes, mukes the grading system, with the issue of Government certifi cates, peculiarly .useful. I have no hesitation in saying that the certifi cate would be accepted and trade 'generally facilitated by the adoption of the irrudiug system. I cannot leave this question without ïeference to the North Coast Company (By ron Day), which is strongly opposed to inspection. This factory, with the "Unaid" brand, has uttained a proud position on the home markets, largely on account of thc manage ment employing a system, which others, who ure ruining or certainly retarding thc trade, should bc com pelled to adopt. The factory named secures top Australian rates, but, al though superior to some and equul to much New Zealand butter, hus to be content with some shillings per cwt. below New Zealand, because of the companv it keeps, as "Austral ian." 