LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Legislative Assembly me(. at 3.30 o'clock yesterday afternoon. The Speaker read prayers and look the chair. QUESTIONS. Mr. Kcogh asked lira Secretary for Agriculture,— J. On whose, icoommeiidatioir were the three so-called speoiaiists appointed .' 2. What remuneration, it any, has been paid, or has been agreed to be paid to each or any or tbo specialists so appointed ? 3. Arc any oi the specialists so appointed or alleged to he appointed at present in receipt oi u salary or salaries as officers in the public service. 7 4. If so, is the salary paid to them for such service:; so rendered ollitr- wisa and in excess of that paid to them by the Stale for ser vices to the State in their resprie- t'ivo deportments ? 6. Were there any applications . ior Ilia position of dairy experts from persons of Danish, German, or other foreign nationality ? (i. What expenditure has been incurred by tiro department up to date in regard to dairy experts ? Mr. Dcnbatu replied : 1. The MiiAstar, in pursuance of a promise matte in Par liament, appointed a hoard to investigate qualifications of applicants for positions -as ihvity inspectors. 2. £1 Is. for each sitting of the hoard, to those members Hot in receipt of an annual salary from the Government. 3. Yes. 4. No. 5; Yes. B. £(i!)l j 3s. 7(1'. from May I, 1804, to date" of appointment of the dairy expert, Mr. G. hi. Thomson. Mr. Lesina asked tho I-iomo Secretary, <-I& It uuc; ttu.<h mitiog by .direction of the Government, instructions have been issued1 by the Commissioner to tho police i in certain districts that, where tho poiicu- pad'docks arc infested with noxious weeds, such as prickly pear, &c.;, ahlehodied! applicants for relief rations or indigence allowance arc to lie informed that such rations will be issued to them only in return for work done in clearing tho paddocks of such weeds, on tiro scale of one day's rations or one day's allowance for one day's work , aud tho police shall not issue relief to ablobodied applicants except ou these terms ? .Mr. Airey replied: Yes », it is merely an extension to tho country districts of the system prevailing ini tho different towns of tho States. Mr. Woods asked tho Secretory for Railways,— 1. Has ho yet seen the report of Messrs. A.tmour1 Brown, and Grecu, who constituted tho board of inquiry to investigate, the management of tho stores branch of the Railway Depart ment, the existence of such report having been brought under tho Minister's notice when the railway estimates were under consideration last year '! 2. If so, will he lay tho report on tho table of tho House ? Mr. Morgan replied : 1. Yes, this was a departmental inquiry ordered by the Commissioner for Railways. 2. Jt is not considered accessary to' lay thn leporl, oil tho table of Iho House, hut it. is available for tho hon. member's inspec tion at any lime. Mr. Woods asked the Heci'eliuy for Railways,— Is the Minister aware' that certain practices are being curried on by locomotive inspectors, when preparing engines upon which drivers anil acting drivers are to pass th.'ir practical ex- atiiinujliions, thereby increasing tliu ex penditure of lite locomotive branch of tile service? Mr. Morgan replied : Locomotive, iu- sptyitors prepare engine:; for drivers' practical examinations by substituting purls that are liable "to fall, when engines are wording trains, in order to ascertain if the men being examined' arc competent to delect what is wrong. This does not in any way tend to in crease the expenditure of the locomotive branch. Mr. Ken n.i ashed Hie Treasurer,— 1. Has tiro classification of Hie various centra1! milts been completed ? 2. If so, what is it ? Mr. Kidston replied : 1. Ye.;. 2. The. classification is— Class A, composed of thoso mills controlling their own busi ness ; elass It, those mills controlled conjointly by the null companies and the comptroller of central sugar mills ri-prc- sttiting tho Treasury ; nud elass C, mills tauten over by the Treasurer and con trolled by the. comptroller or central sugar mills. At the present . lime the miils are. distributed as billow : Class A— Jsis Central Sugar Mill, t'ordalba ; Marion, North Eton, Plane Creek, ami Racecourse Central Mills, Mackay ; Mul- gruve Central Mill, Cairns ; Mossman Central Mill, Port Douglas. Class It— None at present. Class C— Neraug llivcr Central Mill, Snuthport ', Mowdim Cen tral Hill, Nnntbour ; Mount Bauplo Cen tral Mill, Tiara,; Gin Gin Central Mill, Gin Gin ; Plcystowc. Central Mill, Mackay ) and Pio.serpiito Central Mill, Bowcii. Mr. Hamilton asked, tho .Secretary for Railways,— 1. Is it lite intention oi the department to carry out tho promise made to place a second class sleeping car ou the northern railway '.' 2. If so, Wil lie take steps to havo lite matter ex pedited ? Mr. Morgan replied : Tito car fitted up with sleeping accommodation for the northern railways is being turned out of thn shops to-dny. Mr. Lesion, without notice, asked (lie Homo .Secretary if it were the mtentkm of the Government to grant a pension to- Mr. Pnrry-Okalcn, late Commissioner of Police Mr. Airey replied : Yes. l\Ir. Lc.x-iiia : It is a scandalous shame. The Speaker : Order. Mr. Kcogh : Me is perfectly entitled to it. Mr. I.esiua : No, lie is not. Tiro .Speaker : Order, order. PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS. Mr. Morgan laid on the table, copy of lite report of the Parliamentary Build ings Committee, also eopy of Uio report of the Agctit-General for HUM. The. papers were ordered to bit printed. - NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr. Bell gave lintiee that on the fol lowing day liu would move,—" That the House at its next silting resolve itself into ;» committee of the whole, to con sider Hie desirableness of introducing u bill to amend the Lands Act, and for other purposes." Mr. Airey gave notice, that oil (he fol lowing day lie would move,—" That i In- House at, its next silting resolve itself into a committee of Hie whole, to con sider the desirableness of introducing a bill io make heller provision for the maintenance and management of public hospitals in tiro metropolitan area." APPEALS BY RAILWAY EMPLOYEES Mr. Forrest, pursuant to notice; moved, — " That leave be given to introduce a hill to make better provision for the hearing aud determination of appeals lty employees of the Railway Commissioner, and to fttrlher amend the Railways AcL of LSiSS." Motion agreed to nil the voices. Tlie first reading of the bill was agreed to on tlie voices, and tiro, -second reading was made nn order for 23th September. A DDRESS-1N-R EPL Y . Mr. O'Kcoio resumed Hie debate out tho addrcss-iu-repiy. Tito Government were to lie congratulated upon their success in making the State pay its way. They came into office to find tilings in a bad financial' state.. Borrowing— tho cause of Iho position then— must lie conducted on a better system in future. Tbo past method had been u reckless one. it iiad in,., Tied lite city to Iho detriment or the .country districts. The latter must ho regarded as first for expenditure con siderations in any future extensions of the public debt'. 'He was giad tiiat land settlement was to be warmly token lip bv (lie Government. . 1 le belonged to a closely seltleu .ost.rici— pernaps tlie most closely sell led in the State— and could testify to the: value of That form of col onisation. .The young men who weru reared on the soil deserved lo gel. every help to get on the Jam!. To keep thcrii in tho productive industries -.vliotiid ho the aim of any Government— "our own people first, au.l others next," should be the .State's motto, lie would favour any suit able man being givjti land free for five yours. It was a concession which would amply repuv l.lte State, for these settlers at oiiee became producers of wealth and woitlii ltd taxpayers. Their hope of the future lay ill developing Hie resources of tlie ."foil. There was a feeling throughout the Stale that Iho present was the first "agricullural Goverumeut," they had had. (Opposition dissent.) There were, practi cally no unemployed in (be country dis tricts now. The reason (here were work- less men in the ci lies' was because of tiro system of spending loan money. Tn. system gathered the men together in the cities, and they became of little use for anything else. Mr. Lealiv : Nonsense. Mr. O'keefe argued that, tradesmen and artisans were useless for any agricul tural worlt. Then, when tltcy got out of work, they were a special 'cmu'ge upon the people v.'lto were producing. lie favoured the selling of laud. Mr. Lcahv : Hear, bear. Sir. O'Keefe said tiro men who improved the public estate left a belter asset to posterity than if iho ln,1ul had been un alienated. The country wanted live or (en millions of people, li was tell let's tliey wanted. Mr. Leahy Wc will have a land lux thru. Mr. O'Kceffe said a land tax could take, cure of itself, if there were plenty of solders. I'roeeeding, lie expressed tl.e opinion that it would ne a mistake lo have but one commercial agent abroad. Queensland would be lost. He would favour a commercial agent taking inc. place of their present, gent-General in London, to wuicli the interests of Hie ."stale. (Labour endorsement.) The Agri cultural liauk would never be properly Handled till nicy changed its prcsjni, com position. Tlroy wanieu a live manager, who, with the Minister, should be respons ible for lite won; of administration. rL'iicers.) He quoted bases where settlers tiad made applications for loans, lint were met with delay, or some oThcr form of dissatisfaction bad occurred. Air. Lealiv ; Wluil- is the Government doing '! Mr. Denltum : What are the trustees doing '! Mr. O'Kceffe claimed the position was a serious one. An- amendment passed last session was calculated to do great good, yet the Act wan being unsatisiaeiunly administered, because of trustees red- lapcism, lo lite extent Hint it was prac tically useless. If other banks could give ready replies to applicants, why could not Hie Agricultural Bank ? Tliey' must get rid of llto truster's, thai was tlie only cure. (Hear, hear.) Tiro, money was dear if an applicant had to suffei delays, (Hear, hear.) As to tho reduction of members— (Opposition cheers— ho thought the country- Mr. Keoglt : Are you in favour of it? Air. U7Kcelro was— in a cerlain way. (Hear, hear.) lie had made inquiries "m Hie south, and found out Hint the country districts had cried out for the reduction', but now regretted it. The cities, on the basis of population represenlaliou, were given a greater pull over Hie provinces. (Hear, bear.) lie would vole for a re duction of members, if it meant substi tuting single constituencies for double ones. (Hear, hear.) As lo tiro hospital question, be said Brisbane people ought to he ashamed of lliemsrlves for not sup porting their own institution. (Hear, hear.) Air, Burrows said if the reduction of members were carried out on Mr. O'Kecfiu's plan, it would mean a loss to tiro country districts. A del tor leelb. i n: rrti-cM'li'meiil would be to ubul.'sli the Upper House-, because that Chamber meant delay and expense. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Jenkfntjoii : Cut down our own sala ries first. (Laughter.) Mr. Burrows said tliu programme sub mitted by llto Government was the most advanced ho hud yet seen presented in Queensland. He Hoped their election laws would be made uniform with the. oilier States. Tito Arbitration Bill would lie. usuless unless preference to unionists was embodied, and tlie provisions of lite. measure made compulsory, lie believed the Government, would introduce a Workmen's Compensation Bill, which would be useful, but ho regretted that there was no provision for accidents, without recourse to thn cum brous process of the law courts. Such a law hail .operated very well in New South Wales, lor Ihere was a credit to the fund there of £108,000. He would like to sea tho Mines Department spend a little more, money in prospecting, when the finances improved. The large expenditure in New South Wales had proved very useful. As to the proposed mining amendment hill, lie suggested a number of amend ments to the existing law, especially cn- . forciUK a better .system of itmccUoir, and; better ventilation. The mining , magnates nobbled the inspectors, . too. - Mr. Jenkinson : , Where ? Charters Towers ? . .Mr. Burro, ws : Yes., . Mr. Jenkinson : That is a libel on tho. inspectors and on- the department; x ' Mr. Burrows claimed his stand , was; right in tlie matter: He knew JfomACX-. pcriencc. The inspectors should exercise more largely the powers they had under- the Act. (Near,- hear.) An; evil was ex emptions in the early. life .of leases. .No then shquid be allowed, to monopolise, more land than tjicy. could property work. The average leases at the - Towers were' 8 or 10 acres, and if they had been larger: the great development ' that , had taken place would never .have been seen on that field. The system of State batteries had. proved very successful in Victoria, and- should ho largely undertaken in Queens land, as it was a better, way of opening, up now . fields than any otlior. . The south ern State had decided . to incrcaso the. number of such batteries iu existence. (Hear, hear.) He was glad that a hill was to be introduced . lo provide for . better accommodation for shearers, and sugar-workers. Suolt a measure was very necessary. Ho favoured land being given to people rent free, in order that the, public estate may become productive. He was pleased to see '.that there was to he no more sales of land for revenue pur poses. Tho present Government had sold land, hut tliev had practically apologised for it, (Laughter.) Tltcy said they were forced to do so to balance accounts. Tho Labour party was not. in a position last session to have stopped tho sale of lands, as had been stated by the Opposition. He was not used to juggling with figures Mr. Leahy : Because you make such a had fist, of thorn when you .try;. (Lauglilcr.) , „ Mr, Burrows said the present Govern ment only had "sold £80,401 worth of land in 1004, and £95,233 worth of land in 1005, so that tho surplus could not he attributed to the sales of land. Mr. Leahy : Why do you not quote al the figures ? Mr. Buiuiows said lie only quoted such figures us were noeessury for tho purposes of his nrguinent. .(Oppocition iuuglitar.) He also contended that the surplus was not due to special retrenchment. Ho bnd u proposal to make, which no doubt many members in that House would think ridiculous, but ho had thought well ovor it. He usrgosted that tlie Government build tbo EHioridtro railway with paper money, bearing interest ut 2J per cent. Tbo banks paid per cent on tneir uncos, and ho bolieved tbov would snap up all these notes that they could gat hold of. ( T luutrhter. Mr. Limit : Why not pay tho national debt i (Lninrhrer.) Mr. Bpsbows further suggested that an agricultural aud railway construction buuk should bo formed, the Government to hand over to this institution tho £80.000 per year which they received from tho Queensland National Bank, nud authorise the bank to issuo paper money of four.timos that value. (Laughter.) Referring to tho receut dismissals from tho police force ut CuartonPTowors. ho was of opinion that the wrong men hud been dis missed. Tho Commissioner had admitted to him that a serious blunder huil been made in neglecting to cull certain witnesses ut the first inquiry. Referring to tho late Betterment Bill, bo considered tho Leader of the Opposition had paid it a high en comium. Mr. Limit : Well, why do you not bring it in again and try it? Mr. Burnt owe regretted to admit that there were a large number of unemployed nt Charters Towers. Mr. Fowusst regarded many of thochargc9 made against Brishuue iu regard to tho hospital us unfounded. It was only a par ticular section which did not support tho hospital— not ovtu to tho extent of a brass fartliiug. The gencrul public continued to support tlie institution, hut the ulasb which uiroepteu its succour did not ounport it. Who wero to bo compelled to pay — tlie default ing section, or tiro Brisbane public? Mr. Moccun : All tho peuplo of Erisuuno will pay. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Foumbt was glad to hear that. That was the pruuor thing. Ho was glad tiro Premier hud nervu enough to compel those who nearlfiuted to give aid to do so. For years the contributors had spent £8,000 to £10,000 iu.huspitul improvements, which proved the ohurity of the supporters of the institution. There wore people now offer ing to put up £19,uU0 for tho hospital. Did that show a neglect of duty ? It was a very uufuir chargo for the Premier to make — that thn Brisbane public would not provide for their sick poor. Mr. Mohgan : Ic was a mero statement of fuut. nor a charge. Mr. Fourkst said there nevor had been any difiiouity till the Government began to shur down on the committee — after liio Treasurer eatuo buck from New Zealand, full of new ideas. Mr. SionoiX' : There wero difficulties bo- fore tlto Treasurer came back. Mr. Forkust denied that, Mr, Hawthorn : A new committee would nettle tlie matter in a month. . Mr. Foubkbi' : You oould settlo if. in five minutes if the committee were left alone. Ho argued that it wub a blunder to have stopped tliu endowment. Tiro late Government com mitted tho same blunder. Economy was necessary, hut the Government's economy was riot consistent. Tho Government forced the people into tho muddle by withdrawing the endowment. (Hear, hear.) The bonus ou sugar iilono would not, ho dtclared, suve the industry, na tiio speech alleged. Mr. Donlmui had pointed out tbut the restriction of the importation of white labour should be removed, but there uus itotiiiug iu the speech about that. At Cairus, despite tho. bonus for white labour, not 2 per cone of tho sugar wus produced by wbito labour. Therefore, liie bonus was nor going to suve the industry . Mr. Mann : They never tried to get wliito labour ver. Mr, Foukest said the Commonwealth Par- Itiimeut was not trying to supply tlie white labour. Mr. Mann: That is fur private enterprise to do. Mr. I'oimr.n' said nothing Itad been done in tho ttiutcur ol' secr.iement nxunpt to induce a few moil from the south to coino iilung. They wanted some of tiro tons of thousands who were going lo Europe every year. Tho Govern ment were silent oil Hint point in tliu speech. The Federal Labour party had openly declared that they did not want any "morn immigrants here, "yet tiro Government had proposed to baud over immigration to ihe Commonwealth Parliament, according tn an inspired paragraph wliibh wiih published while Sir Horaoe Tozer was here." Tiro Labour party weru saying that tlioro were too many people hero nirendy, uud tliey were at tho fiiiek of tliu Government. The hotter cnndiiious desired iu tho report, in was true, did not exist at sonto of tbo Guverimrout- noi 1 1 rol i iil milis. There novcr wcro so imuiy uuempioyud in the Stato as nr. tho ores- nt time, and the number was increas ing. No doubt (lie Government's plan of employing tlto workless men to dear land was good enough in its way. But the Government hud absolutely neglected io give the great lmik of the unemployed any immediate relief. Tho priokly-peur business ho icgurded us ono of the rot.teue.it plans lie ever had heard of. Mr. MonoAN : But you do not kuow any thing ut nil about it. (Laughter.) Mr. Foriikst blamed tlto Government for not supplying the iiifiiriiiation. He contended that loan monny was being it'trcoltttely wasted in oleuring prinkly-pear infested lauds. The present enmiitiun oi many of tho uueinnloyed wan appalling. Mr. Jn.n'kin60n : Many of thein are starving. Mr. Lkauy : The Treasurer has discovered the uuiit. Mr. Fouokst: Yes, he was not ablo to discover them when lio was on this side of tho 1-IoUHO. (Laughter.) The Premier deserved credit for bin efforts in nmuieotinn with tho proposed extension of the mail I steamers lo Brisbane. Tho fo erul legislature | never should have completed tho contract I unless Brisbane hud been mado a port of call. Tito strongest cmidorauutiou of tiio proposed Arbitration Bill was a s pooch by Mr. Seddoti, published in the Trees ' that day. Mr Kerr's version of the j Kcwcastio trouble wus not a correct oue. Somebody else besideS Mr. Kerr had bean to ' Newcastle, and ho would placo tho facts I before the House whou the bill came before tho House. M.r. Fudqb (who eat behind tho Premier) : Are you speaking in alt soriottRttosB ? (Gov. ernmnnt laughter.) Mr. Fobhest askod tho interjootor's pardon,, Mr. Fudge : Do you know what you are talking about? (Loud laughter.) Mr. Fo»tui6T: Oil, it'H you, is it? I bought it wus tiro Premier, or I should not iiavo stopped to listun. (Lstiglitor.) I must apologise to tho House. (Laughter,) Mr Fudge : Well, it shows that you can he mistaken. (Laughter.) Mr, Fop.rkst said there was no doubt tlmt tho Arbitration Aot in Now Zealand had added largely to tiio _ number of dispute's, and the adniiiiistci'tiug of tho Act had cost more tlmu nil tho strikes New Zeolaud over had, Tho report of tho Royal Commission which sac in Victoria iu 1903, upou ibe principle of arbitration, a minimum wage, nud kindred subjects, v/as well worth rending in connection 'with tho proposed bill. As to the proposoii harbour boa rdat Cairus, thoTreasurcr Iiad not learnt his business iu regard to these matters. Mr. lvidstou's proposal to add 50 per cent to tho existing harbour rates at Brisbane was a tr out extraordinary one. Speaking to tho sueoch generally, consider- Tug the sea-ons which tho State had enjoyed recently, bo was of opinion thet it should havo made much mora "progress. Ho strongly urged the Goverumeut to udopt a broader policy. (Hear, bear.) Mr. Maxwell . said that while ho was satii.frod with sumo of t'no measures proposed by the Government, lie thought there wore sonto omi.-'sioiis, for ho hud put u measure nn tho uupcr himself dealing with iusuranen ccmpauios whiuh he oousiderod necessary. The unemployed they uiways hau with thorn. Reckless borrowing iu tho past, had brougiu people to tiro city, and it was hard to get thorn to go out ugaiti. If they could induce peuplo to go out of the city ' uud become masters of their own, "it would bo oettor for, the country. If Now Zoalatid had been made prosperous, surely Queens land could be, whero tlie resources were much greater and much more varied, (HearJ hoar.) The Government should lose iiu elianco to develop the latent re-ourees of tho Stato. People should be etroourugod to put money into mining. In the northern dis tricts they hud great mineral fields. Ii the Glonuurry district had been iu any other part of the world it would have long since been developed. He saw no reason why the whole world should wait if tho Government could nut find iho raouey. unu if a purchasing clause wero inserted in the ngrccoinmit ho would -vote for private capitalists being allowed to build this lino. They wanted, iu the near future, tnoiioy to build lines and redeem loans, ami with their small popula tion it would bu impossible to Oilrry ou witbuut private capital coming to their aid for developmental' work., ' It was a crime and a s'tiamo that the Clonunrry iitiu ami tiro Etitcridgo lino had not uee'n until', yours ugo. (1-ieur, hear.) As lung us tiro public were safeguarded, lio would vole for syndicate lines. Mr. J kskinson : Tho caucus will bump you nut yet Mr. STaxwhll t I do nnt care. I am not responsible to tho Trades Hull, but to tlie electors of Burke. (Hoar, hear.) There is no brighter spot in Queensland to-day than the one served by tho OLilhigou railway. It had produced — aud- was producing — groat quantity of minerals. For tho Juno quarter iiiinurnls to tlto value of £184,000 hud beau produced there — duo largely to the railway. Tito pastoral ruiuo of much country wits little — wily enough fo hoop the goats ulive. Tiro liitlicuitics of Ghillugoe were duo to bud nuiimgcmciit. JIo ventured to euy that, sooner or latter tliose mines would turn out iinmenso quantities of copper. He believed if tiro lino wcro extended to Georgetown, tiio develop ment of than field would be marvellous. Without tiro lino it wus ituponsiblo to suc cessfully work any of tbo fields. At Glcm- cuiry only 3D per cent ore would pay to carry by teauid. The Government should build that line, because tho vast resources of the district wcro such as to guarantee) tiro success of tiro enterprise. To only build part of tiro liiii would not eucourago I lie proper development of tiro " field, nud many Senses would be shepherded, instead of being opened up. The unemployed would iro fully absorbed as a result of this line. It would uhnllcngu tiio enterprise of capitalists. The working men hud been advantaged by tho construction of tiro Chi'dagoe line, so tliey would he by tho open ing dp of Olonciirry and other fields. (Hear, hear.) As to the ceiling of land, ho favoured tiro disposal of small areas. (Heaik hear.) Even with tiro . 91)9 years' louses in New Zealand, tiio holders wanted to convert them to freeholds. A man miiut'ally wanted to get a niece of land that ho could call his own. it may he nontiinoot, but u man who owned land wus more loyal thuu one who did not, for lie had a stake iu tliu country. Mr, Kttoan : Hear, hear. Thoso are our viuw.s. (Laughter.) Mr. Maxwell suiu they wauled legislation which wouid benefit tiro people. Ho did not object to men expressing tneir opinions, us Mr. Dctihnm iiad done. That Minister hud dono mors for the causo of Socialism in his department than many who preached it comd do i'ur tho next 20 yours. (Hear, hear.) They found u Air. Codings, too. telling tho Labour party what to do. Ho was not always a labour man either. . Files of Tiro " Worker" Mr. Keok'i : Your will get rats next. 'I ho SPKAKiiB : Order. Afr. Maxwiu.l suiu that those files shown! that Mr. Goiiings had been ecu verted from the other sido. Mr. Reinjiold : Conid nut he bis converted? Mr. AJaxwxll : Wo have seen other couversioo.-. I recollect tho tinto that you tried to use tiro Labour party. to get you back iu tiio civil rurviee. (''"Oh, oh.") Air. Rkiniiold: Perhaps I could say a little too. Mr. Maxwell : Let us havo any plain speaking necessary. Then, ho went ou, tiic.y liud something to ' say about Mr. Booto. At one time the "editor of tha " Worker" wrote an ailiolo slating tiio iata Government for not taking steps to abolish the poll tux, when he know they iuteuded doing so. Pugsiug on, ho said that in Brisbane peopla thought the Government should uo everything. Wero not the country people to tie uimsidorcd ? Brisbane should keep it own siok ; at any rate, Tuwusville, witli loss riicht, did so. There wero plenty pooplo who could pay. who entered hospital's mid paid lcBsthim they would at a second-class boarding-house, Atauy men. too, did not pay a shilling for Iho attention thny got. The committees ought, to take a better stnnd, and seo tlmt nil wlm omild pay should pay. (Hear, hear.) Tiio trafiii) of Rrisbnno sudly needed regulating, for liio conduct of boiiio of thoyoung pooplo who frequented tiio strode at night was scandalous, lie was glad there 