OUR PRODUCTS IN LONDON. VIEWS OF A PRACTICAL FARMER. I. Mr. P. C. Basche, a well-known dalry farmer from the Macleay River, returned last week from a trip to London and the Continent. Mr. Basche inquired into various matters of the greatest interest to producers and the public ot this State, and he has contributed some of his impressions in the following arti- cles: THE IMMIGRATION QUESTION. Mr. Coghlan, who is ably assisted by Messrs. Preedy and Clarke, has set to work in a most determined manner. He has a lot of leeway to make up. Concerted action by the States is absolutely necessary. Instead of being poked away on second-story flats, behind Westminster, all the States' re- presentatives should be housed under one roof, or in some vicinity in a central portion of the city, with ground-floor showrooms and windows. Now, it is perhaps possible, after much research, for persons interested to find out in London something about Australia. Is it not timo wo did as Canada has done, force ourselves and products on the notice of the whole public? Only those who have studied the question in London can understand what this means, and realiso the magnitude of tho task. With the 12,000 miles of sea between «s, it would seem that wo are in another world, and It is no easy matter lo make an impression on the millions of people in Great Britain, rho Ilrst way that would suggest Itself ia through the newspapers. This in England, and particularly London, is ex- tremely difficult, and uulcss tho Government l8 prepared to adopt the Canadian methods, and spend heaps of monov advertising, it is practically impossible. The Canadian policy has been "keep pegging away." Canadian land settlement literature of the most alluring type is to be seen everywhere. The Dominion has offices ii. most central positions, with large show windows filled with exhibits; tho shipping companies interested in the trade adopt tho same lines. Tho Oovern-"nt .'-"?» not give monetary assistance to th» Immi- grants, but subsidises the shipping companies on the number carried. A fine exhibit of tho products of Canada is carried all over the kingdom on a hugo motor waggon. The re- presentatives are in London, not to act as figureheads, but to do business, and they do it. They positively hustlo. The result of all this ia, that of the colonioa you hear of nothing but Canada. Thoro is a Canadian boom, and people are flocking thero in thous- ands. I think thero will be a sad awakening for many. But that is beside the question. Our Agents-General may have left for London with tho very best intentions, but on arrival at the world's metropolis their limitations are recognised. Tho Government pruning- knife is not the least Important. It was quite impos- sible to do moro than routine work. They be- came figureheads, their time mostly occupied In acting as social sponsors to colonial visi- tors. For years wo havo boen sleeping, and nave been completely overshadowed. Firstly, by the mining boom in South Africa; and then T, YÍ° aotlvity of Canada. If Canada can do all these things, surely we can also. Wo are certainly a month's sailing further away," but to men desirous of making hornea this is no serious obstacle. If it la worth our while i° imnke a' bid tor lho cnPlt»l represented m the cash and bone and sinews of these im- migrants, to further advertise our resources, *° f°ster our present trade, smooth existing difficulties, and to open up new avenues of trade then purely it should be done thor- oughly. All that tho movement wanta ia a good start. The first batch impressed, whether they bo intending settlers, commer- cial men, or capitalists, will do all the ad- vertising. The place will be talked of with enthusiasm. Then we may look for a legiti- mate boom. THE TIMBER TRADE. Being interested In colonial produce, par- ticularly butter and timber, I devoted con- siderable timo to investigations concerning those products in England and on the Con- tinent. The New South Wales timber trade with tho mother country has practically ceased. All the business is done by one Sydney firm, which has agents in London. The same firm is represented In Leipsic, and is working up a frado with Germany. Dur-, ing my vl8it to the latter country I had' most interesting interviews with shipping firms engaged in Auatralian trade, and timber merchants, ,whom I met through Dr. A. C. Jurgena, secretary of the Hamburg Ex- change. Gormanv imported in 1902 timbor to tbo value of £9,000,000. Included in the im- ports were largo quantities of beech, from Norway, Sweden, and Denmark, for stroct paving purposes. It would seom that thero Is an opening for our hardwood here. The Initial cost with Now South Wales timber would bo greater than with beech, but when, the Question of durability is considered the latte . is completely out of court. There is inquiry, also, for teak and rosewood, for ship building and cabinet work, and much might be dono with our hardwoods suitable for harbour works. The importance of in- creasing the forest reserves of the State and conserving our timbers- generally be- comes at once apparent when one aces tho extent of the replanting operations and con- siders the enormous outlay annually Incur- red for the production of timber In Europe. In addition to this heavy charge, Germany, ns stated above, has paid out as much as £9,000,000 in one year for foreign timber. At the railway and tramway exhibition held in the Agricultural Hall, Islington, London, I this State has a very Uno exhibit of timber suitable for railway purposes, and particu- larly interesting were tho wood-pnving blocks that had been down for 12 years in George-street West, Sydney; portions ' of railway waggons that had seen years of ser- vice, and the section of an ironbark pile that had been In the mud of Sydney Cove for 40 years. About 12 years ago tho prospects of a big Now South Wales hardwood trade with England were very bright. At that timo tbo London agents say it was much easier to stll than to receive supplies. Now thero seom to be difficulties. Tho practice of mil- lers and agents of this State of forwarding timber cut contrary to order caused much In convenienco to English buyers, and has left a bad impression. If 40 pieces 10ft long, Gin by 4in, w<>ro ordered, tho buyors docs not want 20 pieces 20ft long. It might be said the same quantities are thero, and by for- warding long lengths good ends are ousured. That is not the question. The buyer, who is probably a contractor, has no conveniences for effecting alterations, and bns ,ofton to employ men to cross-cut when lightering into barges. For the same reason, the practice of sending some pieces a few inches over size ordered should bo discontinued. It is also advisable to ship not Jess than say 30,000 superficial feet at a time. Tho buyers will not bother with small lots, as the cost of lightering would bo as much for a barge load as ¿or half a load. Tno high prico of Ironbark, the host o! our timbers for pileB and harbour works, makes it prohibitive., Grcenheart-a very Ano timber from British Guiana-replaces it, at £0 10s per load of 50 cubic feet. For rail- way sleepers the English companies prefer, particular for fast travelling, tho Baltic fir (on account of the spring) to our hardwood. Tho fir sleopera, impregnated with creosote a preservative-can bo procurod at little moro than half the cost of our timbers. Tho preservative is -used notwithstanding it is admitted that our mahogany, tallow-wood, or blackbutt would Inst aa long again as tho fir. The Government might well step in here, and arrange for further experiments in tho wood paving branch. It is impossible to compete Just now wjth tbe West Australian Jarrah, which is practically a drug on the markot, at £4 5s per "load" c.i.f. A large amount of English capital is invested lu West Austra- lian mills, and now ono huge combine has the controlling influence. Thoro aro good prospocts for the blackbutt and tnjlow-wood, which is in demand for car scantling. Much might bo done, too, with spotted gum for coachbullders' work. Inquirios wero also mndo about our teak, which is found in con- siderable quantities on the Tweed and Rich- mond Rivers, and tho hopo was expressed that trial shipments would be made. Buy- ers aro suspicious of "samples," which, they say, may como from tho pick of tbo tree, and the treo may bo tho pick of the forest. I hopo the business enterprise of tho millers interested will prompt them to send trial shlpmonts. In spite of tho existing difficul- ties, with a little push on business lines our hardwood trnde should quickly assume considerable dimensions. The Now South Wales exhibit in London includes a Ano col- lection of our sol', timbers. I seo no pro- spect outside for thoso. We should try and popularise thom locntlv, and so decrease our imports of soft timber VALUE OF GRADING AND SUPERVISION. I refer now particularly to butter. Locally the system of compulsory grading niubt havo ¡high educational influences. Much has been ¡said and written on the whole subject, and I have no deslro to labour the question, but aurelv this much will be conceded: Tho ro I suit will be the production of a better ar- ticle, and ia that not an object worthy of I attainment? I think I may claim to have a knowledge of the conditions under which but- ter ia produced and handled within the State. During my visit to the old country I eudoa voured to approach tho question of Govern- ment grnding without prejudice, and to ascer- tain tho fooling and true state of affairs in London. As a result I havo received over I whelming evldenco In favour of a thorough (I would emphasise that word) system of Govern- ment supervision and grading. I had ampio opportunities of inspecting nil the butter com- ing into London, including DnnlBh, Dutch, Si- berian, French, Irish, Argentino, New Zea- land, and Australian. I also hadI opportunl Itiea of studying tho system of distribution, nnd of ascertaining tho opinion of the prin- cipal dealers, wholesale and retail, and found them practically unanimous in favour of tho grading system. I found no direct opposition. Two replies were non-committal, the agents who gave them tactfully saying their opin- ions yvero the opinions of tho Australian firms they represented. Of tho imported butter» the Danish secures top price. There Is uni- formity in quality, ono grade only, and that tho best. Compulsory grading by the Go- vernment Is not carried out in Denmark, but there Is a system of supervision equally ef- fective. The conditions are altogether dif- ferent from those existing in our State. In Denmark butter is tho pillar of commerce. Tho country, essentially nn agricultural one, depends on It. The Government is by farmers' Parliament. Sevonty-fivo per cent, of tho members aro farmers, and tho dairyman's in- terests are never lost sight of. The co-opera- tive feeling is very strong, and tho Interests of the individual give way to the interests of the community. In Now South Wales wo havo _jst the reverse. It is a question of "grab;" each for himself. It was not considered wrong (and thcro Is no law to prevent it) to ship cart grease to England labelled "best Australian butter." The good name of the country was not considered by the shippers *vho were making their profit. Surely this will recoil. Of the colonial butters, Now Zea- land, with the thorough system of compulsory grading, holds premier position. Of tho Aus- tralian Slates, VIc.oria, who was first in tho field, loada, her system being grading when required. Regarding the mother State, of freo and easy methods there is an element of uncertainty. Some foyv of our factories consistently ship butter of the highest quality -butter which requires no "pushing," but is sought for at top Australian ratea. The ma- jority of brands vary to an enormous extent, whilst others aro consistently bad.^ Queens- land has only recently -entered tho^lists. A few seasons back spasmodic shipments of small lots found their way to Tooley-street. These were regarded by tho trade as good things to leave alono. The output, though still small, must rapidly increase. To-day tbo quality, no doubt on account of the Go vornment supervision, is very creditable. T saw one lot of Booras butter (Thistle brand) bearing first-grade Government certificate, which was equal to the boat Neyv South Wales. Queensland is profiting by the dearly-bought i experience of the southern States, who pio 1 neered the trade. The most popular argument advanced In the Stale against grading Is "that it is absurd to certify to condition of butter which has to travel 12,000 miles and wait for, .say, seven weeks before reaching market." In ansyver, I would direct attention to the ex- perience of Now Zealand. London buyers ¡place Implicit confidence in the Government .certificate, and. In fact, some factories sell I the whole season's output months before tho butter ronches England, on the strength of tho certificate. Mr. Lance, Into commercial agent, instituted a system of inspection, or 'check grading, and found thero was very little deterioration in transit. Somo - few cases must bo expected wbcro butter would pass tho test in Sydney, butter then sound, although containing objectionable bacteria, which would develop during the voyage, and produce a | "fishy" sample. Strangely enough, thero aro some few cases where butter improves during the voyage. Wo might reasonably expect, under existing conditions, where mixed lots arc shipped, to seo much deterioration, but it is quito safo to say that of tho best buttors such as would bear first-grade certificate over 95 per cent, would arrive In perfect con- dition. Another common argument locally ad- vanced is "that tho .Government certificate would bo valueless, because the buyer will , insist on personal inspection, and bo his own grader." To an extent thlB must be expected. | Others yvill say that factories who take special precautions and turn out butter of fine flavour and exceptionally high quality will, with the grading sytem, lose their identity. This is not so. There is always a market for "special lines," and a good agent will placo 'them in such a manner as to ensure the brands being alwnys sought after. The method of trading in ,England, where there is much forward buying for the provinces and for contract purposes, makes the grading sys- tem, with the issue of Government certifi- cates, peculiarly useful. I havo no hesitation in saying that the certificate would bo ac- cepted and trade generally facilitated by the adoption of the grading system. I cannot leave this question without reference to tho North Coast Company (Byron Bay), which is strongly opposed to Inspection. This factory, with the "Unaid" brand, has attained a proud position on the home markets, largely on ac- count of the management employing a system which others, who are mining or certainly retarding the trade, ahould be compelled to adopt. The factory named secures top Aus- tralian rates, but, although superior to some and equal to much Now Zealand butter, has to bo content with somo shillings por cwt. bolow New Zealand, bocuuso of the company it keep, as "Australian." s THE SPECULATIVE ELEMENT. Tho speculative element is retarding greatly the New South Wales trade. In England tbo taste differs In different localities very largely. Somo prefer unsalted, others like lots of salt, I then thero is the question of texture, colour, and various flavours., If the butter is regu- larly'shipped through reliable channols, it is plnced in accordance yvith its peculiarities to beat advantage. Loudon agents, after having secured a connection for a certain brand, dis- like very much to seo the same brand on another agent's floor. Tills orton happens when Sussex-street houses sell a factory's consignment to London speculators operating in Sydney. No advantage enn accrue to tho 1 factory. The butter Is bought for export, and although occasionally the smartest buyer will I make a mistake, he has to live, and generally he lives well. To obtain a reputation in Lon- don it Is necessary to send regular shipments of tho best quality. The Tooley-street agents j favour shipment by the mall boats. 