The expenditure details for the Deember quarter of 1904 are _very ineresting when compared with those or a similar period in-1903, and should e studied "by all who take an interest n the afflnimsfcration oF the Sbatei. Hie total expenditure is set down at 811,936, as against £909,480 ot the same quarter of 1903. This would appear a fairly satisfactory etate of afaiis. Analysis adds anotfier confirm- ' tion to tiie maxim about appearances '* . Som© idea tdf what aiese figv^ i«presentJis ;\giyen ,M jbat-d^pittf^e e^enditnpe «otal. ,is ^boui the same as when Mr. Gardiner edrfeontrol bf the Treasury, £76;502 less was spent in pnblic wbrks. Notwithstanding this immense saving dn j works wages expenditure t-he cost of the administration was £2500 more i than the Deoember quarter of last vear. The Crown Law and" Mines Department absorbed £11",673 more •FHSN durraz the three months of 1903\. Mr. Taylbr's department shows «n increased expenditure of £7620. .^Rie - Lands Department; co<^ an addtp tidnal - Minuter fixr Ra^ways^tom an :&ra;|ease >in •"fapeor a greater part .of which is due tff increases in salaries tt> high-placed officiate. That puBlio works exppndtture should" Be cut down to the quick in order to make up for increased", expenditure in other departments is such an- extraordinary prot-oeduie that full explanation is dlie to the electors who have to pay tiie tribute. Old John Forrest! has, at last beerr nailed down to a fairly definite _ pro- Ttouncement npon his future political intentions^ in so far as ti£is State is oomoerhed. For some considerable time back it has htaen averred' that John was • coming hack to Westeali'a £*> pick up his political' wort,just where he left ofE some few years since,, npen the occasion of his excuitsion into tfte wider area of Federal politics. . So repeated' weipe these statements, and so evasive was John's reply te any- direct •question put'him in tiie matter t?fiat people..wete'-reailly be^nning to^tfiinlc. that stihe Tjurlv Bnrfljarijan was oaedy awailme a favorable opportunity .to cast OFF his Federal yoke and throw in lot spam with the politics ;^ this StiatP. But la Tuesday night or sdtaeniiing of the kind ee<tfc!ed the matter, iii- so for as pnblib curiosity xras oon oerned. as t!ie big man gave it out that- "it was not "to be;"" at aJt events not just now.. As Forrest very wisely recognised and pointed but that the .encore number . was never as good as • original -'song-. John's talking sense in his old politfcaf age. i The Mayor of Midland Junction, Mr '• F. C. Farrall, on his return from a visit • to the Eastern States, was. tendered : a social. In commenting on his ex- ' periences, Farrall said, that Adelaide was Just the same (to him to-day as it was-14-yeans ago, with the exception. of its splendid railway station*, which he considered -the besb in th)6r Commonwealth. 'Melbourne had changed a good/dbal, and he noticed more ad vancement. in . this city than in ajnyother part he had vis tied. The only drawback, in his. opmion, was the centra.! Lsation—nearly, half 4ihe people of Victoria lived within a 10-mile nsdiua Of Melbourne. The oountry towns visited wore practically in the same state to-day as they were 10, or 12 years ago—municipally th<ey were dead To all railway men present h® expressed the opinion that they were bettor off in Western Australia than.: ink any other Stiafce. He had met a< civil servant in the Railway Department (Victoria) who had been 16 years in the service, and who had worked Ms way up by eheer ability, and now he was only receiving £3 per week. He had learnt nothing in connection with muaieipal matters, for he eonsidened Western Australia i-rt advance of anything be had seen either in Victoria or New South Wales, and he regarded the West Australian Municipal Act as •tiie best in Australia. Throughout his trip he had not seen a town to compare with -Midland Junction with regard to its progress for the time it had been in existence. "You speak English veiy well," said Admiral" sir "Lewis Beaumont -to _ Admiral Kasnakoff at the preliminary <]in international Com- Charged with having neglected the od lie coal industry the member for he district in a speech last week inignantly denied the accusation. EH is ad made statements in the Househich were ridiculous, and which no ne took seriously. h a The member for Collie secured a ote of thanks of doubtful value after n address te constituents on Wedesday, an address by the way attendd with reerikninations and disorder. A resolution appreciating the services of Mr. Henshaw Was carried, with the saving clause that the ' Daglish party cguld have done more for Collie, and that when the opportunity occurred not one of the twenty-two Labor' members who had pledged themselves j to defend the industry was to be found in its defence, Lord HOPETOAN benefited largely bj the ^toposai to estabiiⅈ a naval station at Rosyth. Ono thousand four hundred and sixty-four acres of an estate owned by the ex-Governor-General were purchased by the Engiish Government for £122,500.' The scheme, which has already cast the Admiralty a quarter of a million, is now'to b® laid aside awhile, expenditure on ships being considered more urgent. A Perth correspondent writes: — The greatest (blow sustained by Robert .Hastie, some time leader of. a Labor Party of seven in the Assembly, and now Minister for Mines, of Jthe Daglish Junta 'was that delivered by the appointment of Johnson as acting- Premier during the other fellow's absence at the Premiers' Conference (writes, onr Perth correspondent). Robert thought he was a fchot tfcrd for the temporary glory of the acting position. but it was not to be, and though the excuse lias been, ventured, that , prior- engagement which necessitated his being away from Perth during the greater portion of 'Danish's absence front the State militated against h assuming the acting- Premiership,, it is 5>retty generally understood in wellihfbrmed ciiroles- her© that Robert from' Kanowna was allowed no'choice ht th» matter,, which is sad lor Robert, (but a tolerably good thing for the political reputation of the State anyhow. . It is affirmed with what justification .it is unnecessary to state : that .Daglish reckons he could stagger through another session of Parliament iF he only had two men of substance and. intelligence wilfch which to replace Hastie and George Taylor. i Under the heading of "Agriculture' Mr. Ooghlan, in his recently publish ed statistics, incidemtally gives West b ern Australia a very aoceptahle adyen&ementi; in fact, a whole 'series of advertisements. To quote only one example. What "better inducement cmilS be offered to the intending immigr»a®tiS. to choose tiie State as the field t of his operations than -bo be told llhat the> average wheat yield per acre ffloni 1694 to 1803 was dn Western Australia '11 bushels to the acre, against 9 bushels in New Soutih Wales, 7 busfipajs in Victoria, aaidi 4.4 bushels in ; Stw±& Australia, Queensland alone ex ceeding our average for the- period mentioned with 15.9 bushels to the acre. "I never thought I'd make a busi- - n&» of my boy at first?' said the proprietor of a "big Melbourne saddlery " rp. "He seemed frightfully care-- : jless about details; in fact, if he hadn't -been my son I'd have sacked .him when he let a bridle go out without enter--- ing it Tip or beinff able to remember who got it. When I was rousting ion him, he says, It's all right father; 'PJI fix it up.' And what do you think his idea was? . Simply to charge up all the regular customers with the, bridle. At first I wouldn't hear of' ft. but I htegan to think that there wouldn't be any harm, as all of them would write in to correct 'the mistake except the one who had it. So I let him have his way, and' what, do you think, happened? Only three of the customers ever disputed the item. We cleared £40 5s 4d over- that bridle, and I had to take the young wretch 1 into partnership." Melbourne's latest amusement is< like a section of Coney island removed from the shadow of Brooklyn Bridge to that of gateway .toe St. Kiida. From the heart of toiwn you step into the immense court o® Prince's Bridge. The'Japanese lanterns twinkle at , all points of f:. the' "eaiclbaad area. TSfe mighty scaffolding of CJxnte is silhouetted, against the SKy. The framework o£ t3he tobogganing- run stretches on the further side and the outer circle of light. As you: took, an obstacle seems to strike a down passage ifora somewhere to somewhere like a bolt, from the blue. Tie screams and?yells that reach one faintly at the entrance while taking in hrsfc impressions ( h'int that the tobogganrcg boats are in full demand. The mSgh+iy splash of' the Chute nearer shows how that is shaking- up a screamrng get of revellers. I^e brilliancy illuminated pavilion, standing in » centre of -the court, is a picture in itself. Geishas flit in and' cut on the balconies, bearing trays, jand taking orders for ooffee and ioes. Nearer is a diagoon 4»f lingering lengtiL I As it progresses round the arena its goo-goo ©yes protrude luminously upi on the scene,, and a yard or- two of rod' tongue swings to and fro like a pcndu~ lum. Seats along the sides of this: monster aocommodiate men, women,, and children—the nervy., gentle kind', who prefer this comic Ibcomotion tothe sensational shooting ' ithe C&nteand; the s&ock; of the toboggan. But the rni&e; en scene! The noises, tbe screams, tile whirr of the boats, the rushing, scrambling, struggling, laughing, teeming throng of people^. Round the Hake (?) the early oorner^ and the nora~strugglers sit' in comfort (gardien seats are placed all round the water's edge) wartfehing the descent and bounce- of the Chute, its aplseh and its screaming novices. People pour into the Cafe Chant ant or waich from afar the Pierrots pantomiming their songs. The boys crush round the Rabbit Warren, where for a penny a shot oil© may shoulder a rifle and puncture a scurrying bunny. Bu+ the majority of sightseers swa-n to the entrance of the Chute '•:-vi the Toboggan, wheup a block occurs ar t' . turnstilp every few minutes, and mays are slowly admitted to slirub tl p ; i>nt i staircase that leads to :he trc'iv t»ack i which covers them to the top mriding stage. Big electrio globes disseminate light from it6 height, and the crowd I before (embarking on the Chute, have ' a great view of the lively scene below, j p u 