DANES AS AGRICULTURALISTS. To the Editor. Sir,-Living in the country the ques tion of immigration naturally occupies my thoughts a good deal, and I' was greatly disappointed with some remarks made by' Mr. Lefroy. our late Agent General, as contained in the "Western Mail" of May 20. To one statement especially I wish to take exception. Mr. Lefroy says:-"I do not mean to say that the Germans or the Danes or Swedes would not make good settlers but the people of our own race are much easier to get at," etc.. etc. UIzan what grounds does Mr. Lefroy make this assertion Fi Let us confine ourselves to the Danes, Denmark being, par exclt lence, the most advanced agricultural community in the world, and, conse quently, of most moment to the question at issue. Denmark is only a few hours by rail from London, or. to be correct, from Calais. Now, knowing the need oe Western Australia for agricultural set tlers, did Mr. Lefroy take the trouble to go to Denmark and ascertain for himself the probability of obtaining suit-, able immigrants from there, and also to report to his Government upon the conditions prevailing in a country that, on account of its dairying and other rural industries, must, of necessity, be of great interest to everybody in West ern Australia? If Mr. Lefroy did not do this, then he has not acted in the best interest of this State. The Dane, whether cane-growing in tronical Queens land or hewing a home for himself in the Gippsland forest, has always proved himself to be a successful settler. Should anyone, doubt this, then let him go to Poowong. in Gippsland, or Dannevicke, in New Zealand. and lie will receive a valuable lesson in husbandry. and co operative farming. Danish butter ex perts were employed by the Victorian Government, and it was owing to their technical skill and practical handling that the industry rose to its present dimensionst The Dane is about the only foreigner who assimilates with the Anglo-Saxon. and their children, born in these colonies, are Australians in the' best and truest sense of the word. Mr. Lefroy's statements are freely in terlarded with the words "forCigners" and "Empire." I have not the! slight est objection to his aggressive patriot ism, but the question is. will it fill the vacant spaces on our map, or obtain for us the right class of colonist? It is not much use for us to yell "Australia for the English" while we are being over run by the dregs from the East End or by inferior Latin nationalities, who wilt' not go pn the land; will not even remain here after they have earned sufficient for their purpose. Now. the gist of the matter is this: I am in a position to know that we could easily attract a practically un limited quantity of most desirable aath cultural immigraints. provided we went about it in the right manner. When I say desirable immigrants. I mean a class of men equally at home behind the plough or in the labor.atory, men train ed from their infancy in the use of the rifle, and possessing an education fitting them for a seat in the capitol of any country in the world. But Mr. Lefroy, will none of them, so what are we to do?' Are our soils to remain untilled: our resources and industries unexploited, and our.national life and progress to be endangered by obsolete insular pre judices and national hatred? Let us hope not. Rather, lot Australia gather to her shores everything that is goon and useful and noble; in short. the best that the wofld can produce, and some of us will live to see this' our fair land of promise changed into a glorious real ity.-Yours, etc., V. Il. CLAUSEN. Jennacubbino May 24. 