AlistfaDaTs NeeS? QnesiiOntfImmigration/ Settlement Scheme Outlined. Faypnrefl by Sir Horace Tozer. . Queensland's land laws . are admittedly not of that character likelyto encourage to anw^ extent, land settlement by immi gration. > . . ; . "Supposing 500 immigrants were brought to. the ' State , to-morrow, iir search ai land, what would you .'do with them ?" " The departmental 'official looked puzzled -he paused-then.replied. "Nothing i'ihe" confessed; . : - A'person wanting to get on the land in Queensland has to go through the routine which'legislation directs. He has to be come, an applicant, then a. balloter, and i{ lock is not his at first, he must go through the process*'oEten enough till he succeeds in the gamble. Elsewhere we publish an interriew witb' Sir Horace. Tozer cancersisg the me thods? of progress adopted by Canada. Would sinttar systems succeed in Austra lia.. liberal' as' toy are ?. Sir Horac* did not think so. .The advantages of Canada being so dose' to England would weich in Uvonr of 'the country across- the Atlan tic. Australia, he contends, must go. one better, it s&e; is to participate in the an nual stream from the United Kingdom oi "people in search of homes abroad. ' TheivAgent-General;. being; a practical man, looks for some hope'of participating it the acquirement ol land is made easy, and "community'-of settlement encouraged. But the physical features of ths> most fa voured : districts in. Queensland are such that to worlr.oat.'this method irrigation would want to; be-tackled in one of the western parts, close to railway communi cation. .The colony-'could be lounded ex perimentally. A gentleman in England has propounded a scheme which he has submitted- to Sir-Horace.- The writer lays his case out in this way: ' ".¥*"? people who' tour across Canada write such glowing accounts of the con ditions of the" country, and people's pros perity, or perhaps it would be more cor rect to say . are credited with such ac counts, that I thought- it quite possible you may have been impressed in the same way. I am sure_ yon understand that I am- not writing .with a. grievance, but Simply from, a desire to see Canada and Queensland made attractive to' English iarmers and. their children. I know num bers of farmers who have sent their sons to trades ..and professions because they knew that.:., it would .he practically im possible, to get them -farms it they fol lowed fanning. . In-Canada the land is surveyed into townships:- or settlements six miles .-square, - divided and numbered! into : quarter., sections of 160 acres each, | certain numbers of. wnich are'freo grant! land, the balance belonging to railway; companies. Largeihlocks of land are sur- < veyed and thrown open for selection, with the result that people get scattered about j over a great area, making transport, ad- i ministration, education, &c.;, very much : more expensiverft should like to see a j township set aside and developed on sim- j ilar lines to an estate'in England, with this difference, that the settlers only, pay lor actual work done, and interest on ! capital expended.- By reserving the most central section to form a town lot, which , I would suggest should contain cream- j ery, flour mill, abattoirs," and any other j buildings for the conversion ol farm pro-1 duce into high-class foods, run for pre ference oh the Danish system. of co-opera-! tive ownership,- and any land , sold or leased in the town for private building, &c.;, should be in relief of rates, or ior general Improvements; ..all land required ior religious bull dings,-in dependent ol sect,; or recreative purposes, should be given i free. The social and educational advantages would.be equal if not super ior ito the best of our- English small towns: and villages, just as good as they cared to make " them. ~ T . ' "We should have 140 farms each of 160 acres.. On each, should be erected a dwell ing-house,' reasonable farm buildings, fences; drains, &c.; My preference for gal vanised iron externally, instead oi.r wood; is less, danger from fire, also durability, 'cheapness, and quickness of erection. I consider bricks are out of the question for farms in a new country, because of ex pense. ? I believe that if this idea could' be carried out on lines as suggested that £608 .to £700 per farm would make them compare lavourably with holdings oi a like size-in England. I. am sure that practical farmers with a-few hundred [ pounds capital are a much larger class than- most pEbple imagjne-men who would jump at' taking a "place, as ^-.de scribed, but who will not' risk their time and ' money in pioneer work in a new country. "As you are aware, both in Manitoba and the North-west Territory, wheat is grown on thousands of acre's year after year, with the result that tie land is im poverished, and must in. a few Tears reach the point when it will not grow a paying crop. If the crop fails It means ruin to many, or if the crop is a bumper one the grower has difficulty to get the necessary labour, besides lowered prices. By keeping twentj cows, the same num ber of pigs, and«a few score cattle or sheep, the .farmer would.not have all his eggs in one basket, and greatly Imptore bis holding; 11 grieyeA me. x$rj much tp. isee farmers burning their straw in the [west, instead of having cattle to convert | it into manure.- If everything; was made | the best of, the separated milk, the j straw and oKals, ?rom the wheat of the fifty to sixty acres I should cxpect each farmer to grow, it would be a law esti mate for each farm to yield £500. t £600. worth of produce per year. A far-i mer with an average family, with the I help of a hired man, would be able to do the work well and comfortably, ar.ii pay j the hired man a wage to comparc favour-! ably, with a man in town. . V'^I believe that on tlic above llne3, mien j . would ' become settlers in the best sense j I of the word, and take a pride in the set jtlement of their homes and themselves. i The "-financing «ould, perhaps, be the i greatest difficulty, but if anyone .will Icompare.the &£uritv of an ordinary.-pro perty mortgage, which can be eSectca at 'from 3J to 4 per cent, and which may : be on. an inflated value and liable; to dc jprecratc, the rcourse seems: clear. My i proposal l=i a municipal loan on ahed jrock value. It" would " lie bound'" to ! increase in value. But if it could . not to borrowed at 4 per centy. X should suggest a Government guarantee ol the interest-, even ii it "cost £100,000 to develop the estate properly; £50 per farm per year would pay Interest, ., and provide a sinking fund that would give each farmer hie farm clear at the end of 22 years, while the gross production of such an estate would be- between £10 - ? 000 and £80,000 per year. -The probabil ity Is that the farms would be eleared in much less time. I am sure no difficulty would be experienced In securing farmers that would put £300 to £400 worth of stock on each farm, which would be equal j to all .the security an English landlord has or cxp>?cts. Mr. T. Harkness, a pro- j minent -Brandon gentleman, told me that he did not think there was a fanner in Manitoba or the. North- west Territory that would not sell his holding at' anything like a . market prior, and that $ feeling of waiting for some thing lo turn up - prevents farmers 4e veloping their holdings, and creates a, state of things the very opposite to -set tling. I may add that many termers compkin that they do not obtain a fair price for their wheat, owing to the buy ers forming rings to prevent free buy ing, and in the same way they pay dearer for what they purchase, owing to trusts and rings In practically everything they require. .' I think my plan .would cause farmers to put a sentimental value .on their forms, and with an annual show and prizes for the best kept and managed farms', "create .£ friendly rivalry which would make Tor good. Every credit Is due to the Canadian official? in looking after immigrants on their arrival. Large build ings are provided for. their, accommoda tion, where they canfrest nod obtain pro visions for their journey or the'time be ing it very reasonable prlccs. Everything possible - is done for them, citiicr to ob tain situations, if desired, locate them on free grant land, or introduce than . to people with farms to sell," giving impar tial advice or making Inquiries free of charge. Iain afrjdd the way, they ad vertise Canada attracts people altogeth er unsuited to farm , life, and causes a lot ol disappointment .when tioy realise their mistake, while their letters of co.mplaint keep . better people away.- I hopo you will succeed in getting some good, hard-working farmers out to Queens land. I am very Sccry I do not Ipow the country, but it should compare ' fav ourably with the middle and southern States of the U.S,A. and Argentina/ and the people make money there. I know they have a lot of trouble with the nig gers in Texas, cotton growing, and wilh improvements in machinery for cultivat ing, picking, &c.;, Queensland : may yet be a good cotton-growing country, even with white labour." . '' i" " Sir Horace regards this scheme as emi nently practical.- It might be tried with 60' families at first, he says. The locality should be one where dairying could be carried onx and auxiliary, tpdustiies pttr sudU - . i "I am satisfied," .be continued, " that; : : Queensland must do something special to encourage the immigration ot the right class of settlers. There is no reason ei< v ther to restrict the liberal terms ol set*-, tlement to strangers. The local man' . ' could be treated similarly.' Canada reckons that every immigrant-and every settler-", is an asset of. £100 to the country when I he takes up a primary industryj My sug | gestion .to the Govertmsot is th?t tha . I land 'laWs should bo so altered as to mako some such scheme possible. There is tha machinery in tie Agent-General's office»*i - do the .work at that end,-although might, with advantage.be extended it TS? success ol the movement made the de mand. } "As to the matter ot passage money, I think the intending ajtUer might be meti j half way-even if the balance so dealt witb wis secured on his holiing," and repaid after 'a certain term. Australian advam ! tages are great over Canad^for a settler, since there Is no lotig wintS^here, and the Climate is very healthy in Queensland^ ;. Then, in Canada no attempt |s made to. ? settle communities, and people get scats - tered about-- and ljccome discontented^ i .which would not te the case it .their neigh-;» hours were old friends, while co-upCratiol£.. ' !n regard to the handling of produce would- add tp their earnings. "Thcje, are matters for tho legislature* They are important enough to warrant early-and careful "attention. Any giieaft delay allows the stream of the best men : to contifiue to other countries," Grandpa tvas taking ^ nap, and\his.'-" little granddaughter Was sent to call hinr"? to dinner. ."Was be asleep ?u asked - mamma, as Plossfo came. back. "AliligS ..." ~ his nose," was the innocent answer. T ?Jloctor» -"X am strongly incline^ rtcvT? think that your husband has appen(lict-< - 'tis." Wife I. '.'That's just tike 'himns ^ ^ always waits until anything bas pretty well gone out-ot fashion Mtore he d« ~ [ cides to get iy- - 