GENERAL NEWS. An inquiry has been received at the Wyalong Lands Office from South Africa as to any available land in that district for closer settlement. Army storehouses at Hiroshima, Jap an, have been destroyed by fire, the damage wrought being estimated at £1,000,000. Eiceudiaribm is suspectcd. The London Bwimmens entertamed Kicran, the Australian champion, at a farewell dinner at Frasoati'6 restaurant . There were 200 present. A foreign Government having dccip- j lieied American official despatches, Piv- 1 sident Roosevelt has ant'korise'1 a ncv: J' fcj-stem. G. E. Larner tlio champion amateur walker, has walked 8 miles 438 yards, in an hour at Stamford Bridge (Lon don), thereby establishing a world's re cord. Japanese attaches who lmve returned to Tokio assert that when peace was bigned the Japaiwso armies were in posi tions to overwhelmingly defeat the Rus sians in Manchuria. Mr. W. J. M'Kinney, of Nangus sta tion, has been elected president of the Gundagai P. and A. Society, nee Mr. James Robinson, who reared after oc cupying the position for 18 years. The Japanose Minister for Commerce, lias assured the Tokio Chamber of Com merce that the Government is about to improve the carrying facilities by both land and water and to reduce the rates. Early on Sunday the police removed thousands of posters in Dublin and sub urbs, urging. Irishmen not to enlist in the army or navy. i*t(er for Lands in the. Asaenibly o:i Tuesday as to what slops Iiad been taken to amend the land laws so that home stead selectors could convert their hold ings into conditional purchases? Mr. Ash ton informed him that no steps had been taken but the draft of a bill for the purpose wa*- in existence. At the Goulburn Police Court on Tuesday while Constable Sampson was being cross- examined in connection with a charge of larceny against a young man named Dawson, lie fell backwards out of the witness box iu a faint, his head com ing in violent contact with the floor. He sustained a scalp wound, but not of a serious character, and was able later to return into court. St. John's Church of England, Gun dagai narrowly escaped destruction by in'1-. Some boys whilst engaged at play placed some bagging near a door which gavo access to the church from tihe side. These bags became ignited, set ting lire to the door ajid also soine floor, ing boards. A gentlemen residing next door subdued the flames. Half the* door wa« burnt besides the flooring boards. Leonard, a broker's clerk, has confess ed to the forgery and theft of securi ties worth i70,000, the property ol the National Ci' y of JXow York. Hr dwlares that he committed he robbery for a bet, iu order to show how easy, it was to outwit the safeguards of a New York bank. Leonard posted £00, 000 worth, of the securities to their own ers, aud the remainder were found in liis rooms intact. He claims that he is a public benefactor. The first Child-nan's Court, under the Neglected Children aud Juvenile Offen- ders Act, was opened at Ormond House, Paddingtoji on Tuesday. Three boys were charged with breaking and enter ing premises in Redfern and stealing £2 5s 6d, and were remanded till Thurs day. Some time afterwards it was dis covered that the boys had escaped, but they were soon arrested again, being found in Redfem-street. Canada's proposal for preferential trade with Australia, will not be consid civd by the Federal Government until the Customs Department has supplied full information regarding trade be tween tho two countries. Tables aro to be prepared for the information of ?Ministers, showing the class of goods exchanged and their value during tho current year. It is significant that in 1SIJ1, Canada sent to Australia goods valued at- £222,000 ; while Australia ex ported to Canada only £29.000 worth, of goods. On these figures any preference arranged would be of much greater ad vantage to Canada than to Australia. A triple drowning fatality occurred 'n tho Little Hurray River, at Swan-hill, on Tuesday, Fred Bassiow, aged 36, and uwo sons oi jj.i. i- . v. nryau, a well known farmer, aged 22 and 13 respect ively, being the victims. Bryan has a farm on Pental Island, and also pro perty on the Swan-hill side of the river, and (lie vcitims, who had been engaged in chaff-cutting, were crossing for dinner when a dog jumped into the boat and capsized it. The occupants, including another young man, were thrown into the stream, but the young man referred to succeeded in getting ashore. Mr. Bryan witnessed the accident, ajid tried to effect a rcScue with another boot, but it sank. So far only tho body of the eldest boy lias been recovered. Mr. Bryan's wife died only a fortnight ago. In his address to tho Anglican Gen eral Synod of the Commonwealth, which opeued in Sydney on Tuesday, the Pri mate (Dr. Saumarez Smith) said the subject of the closer re-union of tho Christian Churches was also to be brought before the Synod, and it would be seen that the Bishops, who held meet ings last week in oonference with him, had agreed to accept the invitation sent 6ome timo since (an invitation whidi could not wrfl .previously bo considered collectively) from the committee of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Churah of Australia, to discuss tlie pos sibility of closer union, and would pro pose of the synod a motion on the mat. ter. Whatever conclusion might be come to iu such discussion, the discus sion itself could hardly fail to be useful if conducted with candor, and courtesy, and Christian fellowship. Mr. R. J. Black, M.L.C. , delivered an address on 'Our Laud Laws' at the Koyal Exchange, Sydney, on Tuesday last night, treating Lis subject in an ex haustive manner. He spoke of the ne ceMty existing for a new bill of a plain simple character, which would contain a few clauses and be understood by tho laymen. For 43 years, ho said, we had been administering our Lands Depart ment on a false system, and it was im perative that it be altered without de lay. 3Ir. Black stated tlia t if surrey had preceded selection we should have saved millions of money spent on roads, schools and railways. He submitted a table, showing that 176.753,364 acres of State lands had been alienated, or were in pro cess of alienation and occupation at the end of 1903, leaving 19,128,786 acres for future occupancy. 'To a good class of immigrants, he said. 'I would give reasonable areas for nothing, with fair provision as regards residenoe and trans fer.' Referring to Canada, Mr. Black declared that there was no greater -be- liever in the present immigration policy of the Dominion than the working nun. Raisuli, the notorious Moroccan ban dit-, has captured three Algerians, for whose liberation he demands a ransom l'tu tlier pirticulare of tho Brisbane firo show that four persons were burnt to death, Miss Ban^c, aud Mr. Cohen's three children. Miss Bangc was to have been married next week. Dr. Dcunster, head of the Danish Go vernment, has submitted to the Rigs dag a bill to .establish a State Mortgage Bank, which will guarantee Credit Fou ®ior bonds issued to fanners and land settlors. Russia is seeking to charter a steam er in Liverpool to convey 880 Japanese prisoners to Japan. It is believed that the proposed charier represents all the Japanese prisoners who were captured during the war end conveyed to Europe. Mr. Andeison, hat manufacturer, of Sydney states that he desires to import. 20 more skilled hatters from England, but the Hatters' Union will only lot him have four. He adds that his shop is a union one, and that if he could get 20 more skilled men employment would be found for 100 additional unskilled men. In all six sohoonens, two tendei's, and 10.5 luggers, with about 480 men, jiavc lett. lliiiiMlay island tor tue Aru Is lands, in Dutch New Guinea. It is not improbable that further departures from Thursday Island will take place soon. Busiuess people keenly feel the loss of so many workers. Work at the Balmain colliery lias been stopped, owing to the sinkeiE refusing to go on at the present wage. They have been receiving 10s per shift of not less than eight Iiouik, with half an hour crib time; but they now require 10s a shift of six hours. The men claim tliat workinr^at a depth of 2200 feet , occas watt-i-, a- IiMurb its long Cl'i)Ugtl. se. The Bendigo branch of the Amalga mated MiueiV Association will celebrate its anniversary by a social this month. The committee has decided not to allow intoxicants, while membens of Parlia ment will not be invited, as it contend, cd that they monopolise the greater part of tho time, inflicting speeches on men who arc seeking an evening's enjoy ment, A deputation from the unemployed in Shoreditch, one of the poorer parishes of London, made an endeavour on Tues day to wait upon the king, in order to lay before him the sufferings of the peo ple in that district. His Majesty, how ever declined to see the men, on the ground that such action would be con trary to all constitutional precedent. The Indian public and press received the news of the alliance between Great -..j t — ? ;„n„ i...t i ? ablv, though the army seems somewhat inclined to resent the implication that it is unable to defend Iudia alone. Na tive opinion is curiously lukewarm. Many of the native journals deplore tho fact that the agreement- brings no re duction iu the military expenditure, and wonder why Great Britain does not re. ly more exclusively on the people of India for defence. Charles Edward Mustou, a railway porter at West Narrahri, met with a terrible death on Wednesday morning, le was engaged with other men shunt ing trucks containing railway sleepers. There were three trucks of railway sleep ers on the line, and tlio truck which Mustou had charge of also contained sleepers, and is known as a tubular truck. Sleejpere wers projecting over the end of the trucks that lie was coup ling together. He stood up, and his head came between the sfeepers on each truck, and was fearfully crushed, death ?being instantaneous. The city coroner (Mr. Baruett) on Wednesday concluded on inquest- on the death of a child three mouths old, which tho medical evidence said had died of starvation. Mrs. Co listen tine, tho mother of the infant, stated that, sho was living apart from her husband, and that her stepson was the father of the child. The coroner said tho case was one in which the shocking immor ality of the mother was almost equalled by the neglect- of tho foster-mother. If ho did not think the foster-mother act ed more from ignorance than wicked negligence, he would have committed lier on a charge of manslaughter. There was just enough evidence of her being ignorant of how to treat- children to save her. from that. The negotiations which have been in progress for some weeks past with the object of forming an association com bining organisations in existence in Vic toria sympathising with a strong move ment to combat socialism, have been completed by the establishment of the Anti-Socialistic Alliance, which feder ates the Farmers,' Producers', aud Pro perty-owners' Association, the Austra lian WomVai's National League, and other kindred bodies. It ha/s Deen de cided to engage tho services of a sec retary, offices, etc., forthwith, with a view to the alliance immediately enter ing entirely upon its work. Mr. Reid moved the adjournment of the House of Representatives on Wed nesday to call attention to a recent speech by Sir William Lyne.- The speech referred to was one in which Sir Wm. Lyne proclaimed his hostility to a vita] part of the Governments policy — namely, the promotion of immigration. If a Minister objected to a vital part of the Government's policy, Mr. Reid said it was his duty to resign. Sir William Lyne stated, in reply, that- he objected to the 'Submerged Tenth' being brought to Australia and given land to which our own farmers'- sons had first claim. Mr. Deakin said he had been assured that the majority of those General Booth proposed to send out hud had ngnLotultiural experie«c!ej. Tine motion was negatived. 