THk WIEK. rTlHERE is a petition in the service o3 .. - . common prayer which ought to be commended to the- attention of-' Federal legislators. The practice of not having done .the things which they ought. .to have done and of doing the ; things - which, theyj ' should: not do have been, a distinctive fear . ture of their methodseof . attending, to. the country's business. . They, are 'ready - .to: waste time over matters- of ho- 'public iih- pqrtance, -while questions of really -pressing concern are indefinitely! delayed;! /It is this ' feature of, their - conduct which has co>ntri- buted'-more.- than-'anythirig.,'else tb::the; sense .' of- disappointment/.with federation; There ;are- many directions in which Federal ' ac- r tion iright be of .great advantage, 'but' the f tariff is .almost ; the 'only 'issue ; on whicli . there has feeen' illustration of serious .pur- ipose, and /in that instance.- as. 'much. harm; .- has- been; done as good . fey; the failure, of -members, to .appreciate cthenccessity . of .de veloping, local production V by, giving ! . en couragement to native , industries. The profelem of national indebtediiess. has'.beeH. left almost untouched. Sir George-Turner ' tried to do something, but failed:, through' want 7 of adequate, support, : in . . connection with;. -which State Treasurers cannot be ;re- lieved from, nil responsibility, Where legis- - lators exhibit: an/unhealthy activity : is ,-in" matters iff', a personal or merely party con- . cprn: - They ; are always, ready to - waste time over trivialities. Tlie Home Rule mo. tions which.- have recently been, passed, bpth! in the House, of- Representatives :and: the Federal Senate, are exa mplcs of misdirected : energy.- What is the real value of suoh an- expression of, opinion. Federal members can - exercise no /authority of action, and . their individual views on the subject are of no -more, importance than those held by any . other , member ,of.;the community. They- are indeed in no way authorised to express Australian sentiment : on this r ques tion. The secret of. their animation is . to : be found in the. fact that they are striving ... to > please the Irish vote, and;:! are / looking . forward to the time '.when they may /re- : ceive a recompense for ! this display of friendly sympathy. ' They are quite aware : that a motion of this kind is '.futile for; anjn " other purpose, but it seryeq their/end, and therefore other. matters of more immediate concern to the country arc neglected. IN his Budget speech Sir. John - Forrest' suggested that the return of a fixei amount. of .revenue, to, the Scares would; be a preferable arrangement to the- continua tion of ;tbe .Braddbn provision, ',. He-/has returned to; this proposal in -the discussion' /on .tfee reasui-y estimates, but has ; nofci made the position vex-y "much clearer.!-.-/ At present, . the States are .entitled-, to the /re turn of three-four His of the. Customs re- yenue and o-f the unexpended balance of the /one-fourth xyhichi, the Federal Govern ment is authorised to. .use for the purposes of Federal expenditure. But there is ; an' uncertainty" fn /this ,arxangehient.: whiqfthia inconvenient -bpth : to the Federal and /tlia State Treabififers., '.: Tbe; latter 'cannqtijba sure of -the amount they, -wilt reeeiye, ..and1 their- forecasts become liable to ... perjous aberrations..Sir1John Forrest, counting <oi£ this influence, to favor /his proposition, Vlias suggested that .a fixed sum, based upon., the amounte; tlie .'States : have received during the pperation ,qf ..the. Braddbn sectiph,; pfeall be annualiy;;returnable to each- StatqjAc? companied .-with the . proviso; -.that i.tfeia amount shall -be -subjcct. to periodieal.-.ad justment.-.there.is t much in the proposal i toi demand /attention. It would; ; relieve, ithd position of manypf the existing 'difficulties The State ' Trpasurere -would -know.' exactly what -tiiey-wpuld. receive, and could , rtiake their calculations. 011 a stablecbasiS: j.Qhjee- tion has been /raised -that witli the -incrbasa' of population. Pud the extension of -general prosperity., , tliei-.-.-Customs, . revenue 1 !: .would) largcly-.increase, while the- amount tb.i ibei ' returned would remain at a fixed-, paint But the 'assurance of periodical readjust ment would' .provide a remedy. ' The i'eys tern wbxildi'he 'a great- improvement . bn't'tlio present haphazard arrangement,: and "would tend to tnake 'more definite' ' tho relation# between State' and Federal finance; -rf.!jTho irresponsibility - which attaches 'tb ! t the Fedei'al Treasurer under existing -conditions would" be dimirished, for. .lie woUldf(bo called upon -to -provide 'a stated -sum, 'iiand would he obliged -to make'Federal provision! for Federal "expenditure. Tl»is:: in r.'itselfl would be a'gxfeat gain, as a'checft utfibnl'tha tendency to . Federal extravagance. i! 'Mr. Oarrutliers alone among the: StateNTfea surens has seen the advantage of the pro posal. Sir John Forrest addressed soma words of warning to the State Treasurers who, in ignorance or in apathy, arc allow ing this important issue to drift. Unless some agreement/be come to before tho : Braddon proviso applies, the responsibility, of decision 'will be wholly in the hands of the Federal Parliament. . / CONSUT/TATTON between' the Federal Attorney-General and- the 'principal law officer of the New South Wales Gov ernment - does not 'seem to have ' brought! the conflicting authorities much -nearer tol agreement over the Federal capital site. By. the visit of Mr, Wade an opportunity was. given :for legal compliments. and\\_coui;- tesies. Beyond these pleasant and , amelior ating interchanges nothing" was accom plished. The Federal proposal of special legislation' does not suit the purpose of the New South 'Wales ' Government. Mr. Car- ruthers -is- anxious that before any appeal .is. made to the High Court the Federal authorities should commit some breach of .technicality .on which a claim for interfer- 4 eh ce might.be based. Mr. Deakin's bill will not -meet '"this requirement, because it. will in itself confer an authority, which the High Court cannot controvert. Mr. Wade and Mi;. Isaacs had some interesting argu ment on the true meaning of . the - Seat: of -.Government Act, the one maintaining that .there was no determination of the seat of Government within the meaning- of the constitutiqn and the ' other;, asserting that mt'least the Federal Paii-i a m eri t' -had -'d e-; dared that no area outside ./a ; radius . of \- Seventeen miles; "from !-;s algety ; ; should'- « be- \- taken into' aceount. 'TheJyiew . which.. -Mr; .'Carriithers :and -his; law" officer/desires ; to en force id- that - the- statute-referred . to .is- a; zm'cre'-- regi s tr a tion o'f- op inioii ' a nd - no t a - de- -finite i choice. ;They-!liold -that it 'ih no .more" srbiriding'.-thari : a joint resolution of > the -.two H<)usesj and may be; revoked 'if a majority. . can'be'fouhd' :tq 'sariiffibn ' fhe'change. TEetijr \- isi - as' Shaksheare qhserves,- "much ' virtue hi if." No:reason lia3: been shown why tlie Federal Parliament should abandon ' its" choice' in' defereitee to New "Soutli"" Wales feeling, as /.expressed - through/the V New ' Sotjth'-Wales .Government. The:deterhiina- tion under. tlie constitution is .a 'matter of federal' concern; and- New- South Wales is entitled to - no weight beyond that : which -her/position' in -the Commonwealth eh titles lier. Rightly or wrongly - the Federal Par liament hais exercised its'power. The crea- ' tibn bf a .bush- eapitar is'ih the-opinion of; V iiine persons out" "of . ten- a". rank: absurdity/ \- biit -New South Wales is -itself. responsi ble'/ for/ the restriction of choice/ ir/the :SEate';refuses.to' fulfil its part 'of' the bar? gain ; the orame will lie at its door, : and arrahgemehts might-contihue as'; at present with much satisfaction to the whole of 1 the federation. , : v ,li .. .' y/HEERFUL giving is a form: of Divine . worship declared on Unexceptionable authority to be especially grateful. The Hospital Saturday and' Sunday movement may therefore he. ranked amongst the com- ;muhity's: good- deeds,- for /the- donations made are -wholly voluntary/arid .the readi: riqss: of response is equalled/only/ by. the; en-, tlrusiastic'f erf'or of collection. Theehurches v ie ijx:generous .rivalry; the/Sal va tion Army, -sends/forth Its ..scouting . battalions tqbraid/' eVery suburb under .the/sigrialfiag/that it . ismdre bressed to'give' thah to receive, ' and m/usic lends its/ aid to; render more attrac-; \- tive the appeal that is made on .behalf olfsuf- feriri'g humanity. Policemeri, tramway'/em ployes and others do not hesitate , to. "join. fa/the number of those who press persistently- upon the public 'the. "duty that;; -lies; upon th'eiri of lielping tliose whq aH hot able to / help " themselves. -Their/ zeal, is /'.worthy/of: all approval, and it -is gratifying io krioiv that it" has not failed 'of reward.' ' Taking as a: "basis "of compaTison the", total amount acknowledged/in the Monday's paper/ It " .will he seen'that " this year siirpasses ih'e ' records since the boorii/ period: That was an exceptibriar occasibri,- when' eveii giving became, a medium of extravagance, and can- i not 'be Regarded as an absolutely fair test. If ' .we ' except tlie .1888. year, /only ' once , pire- ; ,v i'ously , has the preseh t re turn -been bea ten in i89pi Sin'ce the Hospital -Suhday riiove- \- ' meht /wiis started 32 yearsago/o'ver £200,000 t'FasFeeh' received "by! 'th'e7''.simetropolitah -' charities from this sbui'fce.; Thwouki' be a great/pity if any cause- dfmta tion were / ''unnecessarily allowed 'to intrude; and '..inter- ' ' fere with' the. gCrierouS feeling .Wliicli has always animated . tms eitort.- !xne iresDy- \- 'tefian' clbim for life governorships in recog- '-'hitloh of' the i-'hid" the dbhominatibh; has f- given nfay hot he wifhoh't'- some' ground of, -''reasoh 'on- sti'ietly. business 'principles, but consistence thereon will1 robTlie; gift' of its Flqbm.'-Tfany change is demanded' in hos- .' 'pital" administration, it", may surely be '//brought : about by other: lhelho'ds. ; Tliose o.'-f.who! aspire to the distihctibnV'can obtain " .wfadt they Syaht by a persPiial liberaJi ty ; in r- '.donation. -Presbyterianlsm -iVill he untrue fa; tp' its reputation if- it makes" generosity in '. charity,; a matter of bargaining. . A . c'redit- : 'able feature of this . movement- ;is. the in- . ! crease in Hospital 'Saturday collections,. = j iwhich largely represent "the -.donations of -jivthosei who -are the most-' likely : under stress" :.i!of;-diffieulty to make -avcall -upon these in- fafatitutions. ' - I EFFORT in. anothei:/,direotion is being made hy the Government in fulfilment in: hf : its . promise- to encourage settlement of rc pcoplo ,on tlie land. The;Iroproved' Small t ..Holdings Bill also coversothe. purpose of .-.providing a . ablution for Gie unemployed ib.'difliculty. - - The meaaure,is an adaptation ejofrthq Danish system,- andr-jts intention is „',;.ccrtainly ; generous. . Nqt oply;, are small -..ikbldings provided for intending settlers oh very 'easy; terms, but monetary- assistance is granted by" the State to enable them , to' meet the initiatory, expenses in buildings . and the buying of stock. In this combina- , !tion eadh settler is practically given a start with £400, o'f which the . land . represents one-half and .the;, advances the .other moiety. There is some; danger that - tlie liberality of the provisions may. tend to defeat the object, for the inducements may . lead many to risk tlie experiment who have not the energy and industry, necessary ' to success. The Government suggests an ex: pendlture of £75,000 for. the next three "" years, and this would allow between 500 und 600 families, to he dealt with. In order to meet the case of those absolutely with- out- means, provision -is made for a .proba-: ,-tionary period, ... during ; which intending settlers will be employed to improve their holdings at weekly wages, not to' exceed tlie' value of the "work dene. " Some diffi culty will- be experienced, in - carryin" ; out this arrangement without friction,, but -the. time 'of trial will be valuable as a weeding out process. Those who survive the ordeal satisfactorily will he given tlie first chance of taking up blocks on conditional pur chase conditions. The ' repayments for; the land are .extended over. 31i years, for! the: buildings 16 years and for. the stock 3 years. If this proposal works out to ..the general, advantage,, it may be 'found 'cap able of indefinite exjpah'sion. : 1; Under " the Danish system, there is no, attempt at con centration; , arid- the method- -cari- be tried in ,,any 'district. The,., intend irig;- .settler, finds his. ! own.. -ibl<>c ! ranjici,-;' iSE -licoiidiions are. certified; as suitable<hy/ rities; of the . allocation- for the. year. The Government _ is o'f; opinion that in the beginning it is better, to'keepjthe'matteivin-.the own-handsvand. tor haye all-rthe-.settlers.qlose 'togetlier .for: tlie- convenience: of - instruction. It is :probable,-.that;an;e8tate,iritlie..vicinity.qf; the metropoiisl m be purchased; .aq/the scene .of the experiment., pUBDIC interests will besacrificed if the JL v,: : ,-Pure., Foods; Billj -is , surrendered, .through any' want of Ministerial energy.. Prqfection. of the-health of- the "community against. the''/wilbs ''bf the : adultex-ator -and the 'gr'eed of the: middleman is a duty which lias ; too long been! neglected. .-Dr. Gf ess well was. in earnest on, tlie subject, but' he. failed, to. stir-pplitical inactivity. His successor, Dr. N orris, has . been more: for tunate. in securing some ae ceptance - of his proposalsj but 'there , is fear that the pressure of: prejudiced; criticism" may,, diminish, J. the force -of -Ministerial intention. Or. tlie plea fchat-.cbmmercial. convenience ,will be, mieV; f ered. with, .strong- representations liriye been made to the Government that it. should : stay!; -its hand. There is" a; cynical assuniptioii that' publie health is of second ary importance to , merchants' profits, arid that ifr.pnevis.: ;to be jren-upFt.-qhaU not be.thelatter.Theproposed.referencetq a.'Seleit .Gommittee .is equiyalent to shely-. irig the' hill : f or the present session, and if the 'Preinier ' determines on: this ' course , he may. as well frankly acknowledge that he is- iafraid-: to .ydthstaiid .the ' hostile denion-. stratioq ,:of , interested- persons. ; The . im portance. .pf; the issue. frorri a public, point qf. view, is shown by the estimate, that Tthe people' -'of .iNMe.tpria'".'; are robbei; qf:, -at/ least £r,000;000. arinually by.-: they-.aduiterators': a'cts.'andihattheyalsofunithenskmfsuf-, f ering. in health; as well as. in uockot. Other countries have not failed. to recognise the esseiitiaFnecessit'y of securing' cne 'purity of the ! food supply as "lair as it; is possible -to; do 'so. ! In V ictorid/the' duty-entrusted to the ; riiunicip'al couiicils- lias-'praotically beeii" neglected, for though in some; .- instances food;' analysts have, been -appointed, . little lias/been/ done- 1 to. .'make . .their, supery isi.o'n a reality. Shameful ill'fncations fot adul-. teratibri have been' made public froiu ' time to time, arid have Stirred a; mbnieritafy arii- ihatioh'-qver" this subject, - hut , iutefest- lias Quickly- ' dwindled arimy before < any .' substan tial improvement has been /eft' acted. . : The United States present an example of what may be accomplished, by means' of strin gent laws stringently. enforced. No Veason bas' been offered wliy we cannot follow on similar lines. No' injustice is done to Fonest traders . in demanding; that what they/sell:; shall bb what, they represent it : .to he, both in quality and quantity. But the authority of supervision inust be ren- dere iriore . effective if any good results are to be 'obtained.- . . ' " OFTENTIMES "the law courts present \- ! ' illust ra t ions ivliich serve for cddfica- ..tion-ahd eritertaininent. ; A case which, .'unduly' prolonged in the hearing, has just been bfought to a terriiinatiori in the Syd ney "cburts might he' included' in'hoth cate gories; xne vulgar intrigue which en gaged the attention, of Mr, Justice Simp son for. so many days was not of a land to. attract sympathyi but it served to display the ibeanriesses of human nature. It \vbuid bb difficult to discover a niore des picable beirig than the person who figured in the capacity of a husband for sale.' On his own confession lie was a liar, an in- grate, a blackmailer" and a treacherous bound, true neither to the woman he had married- nor to the one " who, in the heat of- paesiion, liad thought hiiri worthy, of purchase by the surrender of property. .There was nothing to admire in the con-, duct of any- qf the parties concerned, hut the judge was of opinion that the wife was tlie one .injured, and most entitled to com pensation. So 'the property transferred to her as a "quid pro quo for her valueless husband is allowed to remain in her posses sion, with remainder to her children, and the plaintiff is called upon to pay .dearly for her , immoral .infatuation. Another judgment more suhs!tantial in importance and far reaching in interest has been given in the Arbitration Court in Sydney. Mr. .Tom Mann's .remedy for -the unemployed problem has been subjected , to judicial :fe- viewal. The Carpenters and Joiners! ..In-, dustfial Union of employes /demanded' frcim' tlie mastei- .builders a shortening of the hours of labor ' with no" dfriiiniition of "the minimum wage. - The principle 'of the six hours' day was put into concrete form, arid was defended on tlie ground that it would lead to the wider distribution - of work. But this generosity was to be exercised wholly at tlie expense of the masters, who were expected to pay their workmen as much for the short day as for the long one. The president -of .the/court .bad little appre-- ciation. fo- Spare for; this proposition. He realised that, if carried out to its logical; conclusion, it 'would, offer a simple cure, for the unemployed difficulty, and might even be -utilised for tlie encouragement of immi gration.. „But there was the difficulty to be faced that, people would not be willing to pay more for the same amount of work. His Honor could .not bring himself toeay that 48 hours' work a week was excessive,, and he refused the proposal on the ground that 4t would, add to . the delay and cost o'f all building operations, and, generally, lessen every/man's industrial output, S DANDERS on 'Australia, whicli' have . .-?thqir -origin- in ,poJiti»al!.prejudiee . or financial intrigue,- are a natural source of ;ijrrita:tion, but it: may be ffoubted whether "the -injury, caused is equal , to the intention. Lord- Jersey,-! .formerly.! Governor of -New South' Wales, arid 'who is . .now renewing a pleasant acquaintance with -our affairsj offers/soriie reassurance /on, this point. He emphasises , -a fact mot altogether ; consola-; ' tpry 'tq .qur sel'f-conc Australia does, hot;.bu_lk -sq::largely/as we imagine. in /. the. dSnglisii, minffkVThe majoritj;qf , the,.people iri.;Hnglarid-' pay Fe little : attention : f to 'Auatralian.. concerns,' !'anff;;the' lies; are,' for got ten ;almpst as rioori as they are rnirited. This -admissiph of; ignorance arid indiffer-. eriee: has, of ; course, .another , aspect .which we mriy, not regard-, asksatisfactory - We should like English conclusions to be founded on knowledge, arid ; that - there should he. interest enough -in our conditions to ; create/ aZ desire /for zOhe truth. . Lord Jersey is of opinion that the "appointment of a High 'Comniissioner, if ;a suitable selec' tion :were imde, would/do much to advance ! AustraliaiiV.interes ts. Our policy qf re atrictirig alien rimmigratioh, which has .met kyith the approval of the /Times," re ceives his endorsement, though;, lie con siders -that the arbitrary provirions of the Restriction -Act. have been administered in a manner to create erroneous impressions; It; should be possible for the Prime MinisT ter, with, tlie assent /of the Gommonwealth Parliairient, .to/remove tiny possibility, of difficulty, or . misunderstanding. /Lord Jer sey does not believe that any injury, has .been done to" 'Australian credit by an ad/ vanced Liberal policy. The stability and honesty . of Australia is well recognised. Mr. .William /M'Cullqchy.- .who. has recently returned from a. visit to the old country, has! .'come: back convinced that Australia suffers .more, than Lord Jersey allows by ; the / campaign of slarideiy . ; Any thing un favorable" to' Austiriha is .promptly -. pub lished in the newspapers, and the idea has been encouraged /that ; we !are. a' riari'ow- .riiinded, selfish;, people. . Mr.- 'M'Culloeh blames Aiistralian politicians, from Prime Ministers ancl State Premiers downwards, 'for a want of reticence arid self- respect. Mr. Reid'arid- Mr. Bent' are plainly" indicat ed in these allusions. He thinks, also, that the Home Rule resolutions passed" by the Coriimonwealtli Pifliament will he resent ed as an unjustifiable interference in the political 'affairs of the United Kingdom. 