MELBOURNE AND ITS SHOW- lBv a Visitor, j The queen city of the south in its im portance may be likened to the large A mansion in a suburb or district, where tbe best entertainment is civen. and other attractions draw the greatest number of visitors. Melbourne otters all these to the simple country cousin, and he in anli- ci nation of an enjoyable lime puts money in his purse and sets off in quest of such at various times of the year, but more particularly to v:sit the show. Like most anticipated ecjoyments it is hardly ever realised, and this was well instanced last week when cold, wind, rain and sleet made matters very uncomfortable. Tho opening day (Tuesday) was bad, the next day worse, and on Thursday the ground presented the appeaiance of a badly kept pigstye, and about as comfortable to walk over. We are not fastidious, however, aud brave a great ceal to carry out our purpose. On these occasions of course the weather is pronounced as exceptional, and we have to admit it, u on our way down we never saw so much snow between Kyneton snd Mount Macedon. The sight was interesting and picturesque in the extreme. The city itself little alters now, considering its great progress of years gone by, and there are institutions and manufactories there for a much larger population over the State, The general cry is for it to come, and imprecations are tnrovra si iegBi«« .... vent such. Hard beaded business men admit tbat soma 25 per cent, of the city population earn nothing to benefit tbe State, and are like Larnacles on the ship, but they do not see their way to force or induce people to adopt agricultural pur- soits by which they . might materially benefit themselves, their State and Com monweath. We have now, however, to descant upon things as we find them, and although wc find the city dirty, still the attractions are there and the means of getting rid of rooneyv plentiful as ever. The luxurious side of life is increasing, and this is seen io the attractive appear ance of the hotels, the cafds, draper's shops theatres, etc. . ... , The show, however, is tbe play that has attracted us, and we face all discomforts in our visit, to the show ground. 1 his is on a bad site, has been badly designed, and tbe general discomfort on a wet day reflects little credit on the management go attempt is made to drain or form paths, and the general want of attention to make the show attractive must deter thousands from visiting it. The presid ent of the -society has since expressed his opinion ss favorable to a nine days' show at Easter time. This would probably he a failure, as it wiuld clash with the Sydney show — an always successful and brilliant exhibition— and exhibitors would be very unlikely to agree to the extended time. -The catalogue is an extensive one of some 5,903 entries, an 1 therefore a reference to some of the most attractive classes is all I will undertake. The machinery is not as attractive as usual as the American and Canadian firms do not now exhibit, but there is still plenty of buzzing and whirling of wheels Irrigation machinery is there as usual, showing how easily the valuable fluid may be lifted. All implements necessary to the farm and station are there, and occa sionally we notice a novelty that pro fesses to be an improvement on old methods, but we doubt it. Those oil engines look strong, light and attractive, but I hear they have been tried on farm- and found wanting. The draught horses are as massive as ever, and fully up to our best standard. They don't like the cold, and jump about with elephantine grace The thoroughbred exhibits all the pride and grace of his breed, and shows tbe best poiats of the English racehorse. The Arabs, the Suffolk Punches, the trotters and pacers, roadsters, hackneys and buggy horses are all there, and look as well as ever. The same old jumps are gone over, and thousands of people strain their necks to get a sight of the " leppers." There is an element of danger in it. and that same thiug attracts the people of Spain to wit ness the bull fights. Wo have to walk along a slushy lane to where the cattle are, and the condition of the ground is prononnced a disgrace to the man agement and in thinking over the matter Iagree with such expression. The re ward, however, is worth the discomfort for the cattle are simply magnificent from J. H. Angas1 prize shorthorns to the littie Dexter Eerrieo. Angne's tnltu of., beautiful light cream color, weighing 24001bs. Ma'oy others run him close, hut the judges made no mistake. Two days at least could be spent admiring the cattle by anyone interested in their breeding The Ayrsbires are particularly numerous numbering 252 entries, and this refined looking animal is well up to our best standard. Other dairy cattle are also well represented and their records good. We salute the lady that adds so much to our prosperity and national wealth. This reminds us that in our view of the verv interesting exhibits in the Department of Agriculture we had an opportunity of seeing and tasting the various hutters or Denmark, Siberia, Ireland, Canada an3 Victoria. The Danish and Victorian were equal with a good foil sweet flavor an we were well satisfied that ours should come out so well. Siberian was next. Irish good but rather salt, and the L'ana dian last, being rather like weak, flavor- less oil. From this test we are therefore satisfied we can compete with the world in quality, and.there should be unlimited "= uuu»i,ry iuat can be earned on easily and cheaply ,n Australia com pared with other countries. Tl"e PXhib ts of sheep this year were particularly fine, and the admiration ex pressed by connisseurs was a good indica tion of their quality. The longwools were largely in excess of tbe other classes, and were "well grown and in good show condi- I?D j -5® en J7 Shropshire numbered 97, and it is evident this clans is very popu- larat present and supplanting some of tho other long wools, Southdown and Bor- also looked well and some of the Ijincolns as fine as ever shown. A 2e2 £ IrDPrfced breed is that known as SuHOlk sheep, of white hairy wool and quite black faces. Tfae general opinion was unfavorable, the wool being inferior and the frame not so good as many breeds been with us for wirne years. , wx exhibits and two exhibitors. Merinos were limited to fif- teen entries, bnfc this breed is too well established in Australia to require adver tising at shows. W€Ie wet? represented, and it wns I notice the success of onr Mr D M Kay, of Teal Point, in the Berk slnre .class, as the competition was keen, he winning the champion sow section in an entry of fonrty-four. -In poultry there seemed to be a falling off in nnmhers and quality, perhaps owing to the unfavorable weather. The dogs do not differ from previous shows, and we notice themassive mastiffs and St. Bernard are there, the fleet greyhound, the Scotch deerhound, the taciturn hull dog and the sprightly terriers, etc., elc. Ladies of indefinite age are in attendance on their pets, and we think it a pity ..they have not some other and more , interesting little animals to look after : hilt men are to hlame in this matter, I presnme, as usual. With this brief glance at tbe interesting but unromfortigjle show of 1905 we return to the city and onr way north. Each eveninewe visit the theatres — the Prin cess'. Her Majesty's and the Royal. The versatile Nelly Stewart is seen in " Pretty Petty," but she hardly represents the character and should have kept to the line of comic opera. She will never he a Sara Bernhardt, " The Cingalee " is bright and tuneful, with bright and pic turesque scenery and plenty of merriment. Rose Miisgroveand.Lauri have plenty of scope for displaying their frolicsome talents and lake full advantage of it. Those fond of brandy snaps and sweet meats, with just a spice of naughtiness, go to see it and Mnijoy themselves. At the Royal the Drury Lane class of sensation is given, and the " Siege of Port Arthur'' is a spectacular farce which fu:ly satisfies th ose who like a thrill sent through them. The general opiniou of business men in the city is that we are going to haTe a prosperous year. Merchants arc busy and the slock exchange active, but there is a consensus of opinion that the exclusive laws regarding immigration are keeping us back all along the line and must t-e soon altered. Australia is being held hack, but its vigor must soon part the leashes held by a governing body evident 'y ignorant of the conception of measures for the advancement of tbis great and productive continent. 