¡ AGRICULTURAL. CAPTURING THE BUTTER TRADE. THE ADVANCE OF SIBERIA. HOW AUSTRALIA IS AFFECTED. By HENTtY STEAD. Unless tho teeming millions of China and tho Far East develop a taste for butter there seems little doubt that the Austral- asian dairying industry, so far as export is concerned, will bo threatened. The Chi- naman has recently figured so largely in the world's history that no new develop- ment would be surprising. To say, how over, that the futuro of the dairying in- dustry in Australasia depends to some ex- tent upon tho celestial palate developing a craving for butter seems so absurd as to bo incredible. That this is the case is now becoming pretty apparent to those who have inquired into the causes of thc grout Increase of butter imported into Great Britain from Siberia. Unless the but- ter which will bo produced there in enor- mous fjuantlties during the next few years finds a hugo market outside Europe and .Groat Britain, there does not seem to be any other possible conclusion to arrive nt than that tim price of butter will fall very much. Nor will lt only be Australasian butter that will bo affected. Canadian and, what is more astonishing still, Danish but- ter may bo unable any longer ' to competo with tlié cheap und good product Qf tho vast, littlo known domains; of the Grea't While Czar in Asia. Already-when tho dairying industry there is quite in its in- fancy-Denmark Imports quantities of tho best Siberian butter, part of. which is con sumed there, nnd part sent to Germany and Groat Britain. In fact, the Danes live on Siberian butter, exporting their own to the rest of1 Europe. But this is anticipating'. 'Oho fact remains that unless this other market is found the Australasian industry is in danger. , Tho only market largo enough to divert the production of Siberia is China. Thc Australian dairyman and . exporter ought therefore to bo hoping that the heathen Chinee should acquire a tasto for butter. Tho actual state of affairs in tho Siberian'' dairying industry is ably sot forth in a book Mr. S. Turnor has written, (riving a record of travel, climbing, and exploration in Siberia. Tho figures aro remarkable. Tho Siberian railway was opened in 1898. At that time there were 140 dairies in Siberia, and 48,300cwt. of butter wore exported. In 1004-despite tho fact that the war was then raging-the number of dairies had leaped up to 2630, and the ex- port to C81,8i37cwt. During tho two years I which' ended with winter of 1903 Siberia exported more than all the different States' which form tho British Empire put toge- ther. And during the war this export in- creased. Now that' tho war is ovor it would not be surprising if tho export nt least doubled in tho next three years, as it has in tho last throe. In 1002 42.85 per cent, of tho butter imported . into Great Britain came from Denmark, 7.19 per conti from Canada, 3.98 from New Zealand, 2.02 | from Austrnliu, und no less than 12.32 from Russia, of which thc-largest protfor ; lion came from Siberia. Thc best cxport ! in'g year from Australia was in 1900, when its proportion rose to 10.45 per cent., Now Zealand; 4.85 por cent., Denmark 43.09 per cent., and Russia 6.21 per cent. Thc import from Russia doubled in two years. As largo quantities of Siberian but- ter carno through other channels 12.32 per cent, is certainly an under estimate. Those figures are significant enough*. But it is only when wo como to inquire into tho cotise of tho increase flint the extraordin- ary possibilities of the industry become apparent. Most people think of Siberia ns mi ' ice-bound desert, and of Russia the most unenlightened country under heaven. Yoi wc find that tho Russian Government, at whoso mot-hods wc.aro so apt to scoff and smile, is: acting in a most paternal way towards tho peasants of Siberia. It is fostering tho dairying industry by every en- lightened . means,, and-.'-înost surprising of all ls encouraging coroperation to such an extent amongst' thc communits' that the big merchants, who formerly had the in- dustry in their . hands, have largely gono out of business. Imngine autocratic Russia doing moro for Siberia than tho British 'Government has ever done for Ireland with its splendid agricultural possibilities^ Even to-day lind it not been for the Roman Ca- tholic priests who 12 years ago introduced the art of producing butter of uniform quality on the Danish principle, and their efforts to iiiduco tho Irish farmer to rccog-. nise " tho value of co- operation, Ireland would practically have fallen out of tho ranks of butter- producing countries. Thc priest ls doing for Ireland what tho Brit- ish Government should have done long-ago. AH to the '"lee-bound desert," Siberia, all that is ol course a pure fallacy. Cattle renrhvg is general throughout Siberia,, be- cause of 'the abundance of rich pasture laud, and cheap and plentiful fodder for the winter months. Tho cost of transportation" prevents tho export, of fodder, and it will continuo to bo cheap there. In Australia nt tho outside ono and a half million of tiic stock is- used for dairy purposes. In Siberia almost all the cattle aro kept for milking. Thc meat of thc Siberian beast ls poor, and does not bring a good prico. Each peasant averages five horses, three cows, nnd some 42 sheep. Tho prico of cows varies from £2 to JC4. Ono of tho grcnt advantages Australia hus hitherto enjoyed is that no cattle aro required to be stall fed in winter, and that antipodean 'butter roached London when other butter-owing to tho winter season -was scarce. Last winter Siberian butter, from stall-fed cows, was sold in the British market nt tho same price as thc best colon- ial, and w«s equal in quality. One of tho causes which has Inrgely contributed to tho success of thc Siberian butter is thc in- struction given to peasants at the Govern- ment dniry school farms in preserving fod- der and feeding cattlo scientifically thereon. Siberian butter ls produced tho whole year round without a break. The Australian butter exporting season lasts about nine months. These uro somo of tho natural advant- ages of tho Siberian dairy farmer. The Government provides him with others. A Professor of Agriculture is appointed, whose solo duty lt is to keep himself in- formed of .all the latest discoveries and im- provements 'ia butter-making the world over. This Information is used by the trained teachers'-"University men-nt the Government dairy schools throughout Si- beria. .After three months' tuition in a. practical dairy school, which is in charge of an expert professor of dairy farming, a peasant of average intelligence is qualified to manage a dalry, and is then hired by an "Artel," which is n co-operntive group of peasants, to convert, their milk into but- ter. The training is supplemented by tho visits of German or Danish butter experts, all of whom must havo a Government di- ploma. 'Each of theso i experts hos ten creameries under His supervision. The Gov- ernment assists each village to establish co- operative dairies, advancing loans up to £300 at 4.- per cent.-for five years. As tho village councils are composed of owners of cows they can guarantee the amount, ond each peasant becomes Iris own butter-pro- ducer, and shares thc profits of the dairy in proportion to tho quantity of milk ho supplies. . Another grant advantage Siberian butter has_ in competing ' in tho world's markets is thc'ridiculously low cost of labour «nd its abundance, A good Siberian, workman earns £7 Ss 9d'a year ;.. inforior labour is paid at tho rato of. from £3,/U> £4 a year 1 As tho dairying industry Increases wages will mount up. somewhat, but 7s a week will even then secure an expert labourer, working nt least .12 hours n day. Nothing but hand-separators aro used in Siberia, lt is curious that the Siberian peasant cnn make better butter in Ids dal- ry than a llano settled in Siberia. This is due to the latter.'being used to machine driven separators only. Another disad- vantage ' tho Siberiani'peafsant lins to con- tend with, is the /difficulty of transport. This will ero long be.,overcome. The great railway has been opon'only ii few years, and yet largo'towns have already sprung into being on i ts. route... ;Jt 'will, continue, to be the .main artery, but veins, in tho shape of short lines -and'light' railways, will soon tap the wonderfully rich dairying lands on either .sideJ It is interesting to note that during tho war butter in refrig- erated waggons was tho only freight which was allowed on the railway, otherwise mo- nopolized for military purposes. Icc costs I practically nothing. During many months i of tho year it is not required nt nll" and in winter hugo supplies are cut from tho rivers and stored conveniently. Summing up, Siberian butter has several advantages its competitors have not. It is produced in'a country whose soil is said to be unrivalled for growing 'grass and herbs for cattle. In consequence fodder is very, very cheup, and so good that less mille is required for an equal quantity of butter than elsewhere. Labour is exces- sively cheap. Thc Government is doing ev- erything in its power to foster the indus- try, and a sane system of co-operation is being everywhere introduced. No wonder Siberian butter is tho cheapest in thc world. In thc near future the English working man mny.be able to buy best eat- ing butter, which is now out of his renell, for Sd per lb. There appears to be a great deni of Eng- lish capital invested'in thc development of tho Siberian butter trade, and even now two -regular lines of tlireo steamers ouch, fitted with t'he latest refrigerator plant, ply regularly between London and thc Bal- tic, The freight on the .1.000 miles voyage is only half that'.charged on butter brought from Ireland to London. The total cost of conveying a cwt. of butter from Siberia to London is from 5s 3d to Os 7d. Last year over 80,000,0001b. of butter was exported, but tho rows already owned by tho Siberian peasants-can produce 15 times ns much, roughly, l;200,000,0001b. Thc Hussion Government is encourngUig emigration to Siberia besides its other work of development. Thc annual number of immigrants during tho last few years has . boen about 200,000. Some £72,000 has already boon spent by the Government for aiding «migrants, in granting cheap rnil wny fares, cheap food, and medical assist- ance, and distributing theni .^on tho land from thc thirty emigrant stations scattered about Slborin. 10,000,000 «cres of land have been apportioned out in this way in the last 20 years. It seems inevitable that this steady toking up of land for dairying purposes in far Siberia will ultimately re-' suit In keen competition'with the export trade in hiittor from Australasia-but there aro always thc Chinese. ?"S.M. Herald. .' 