THE HOBART COPMEMCE THE LAST DAYS WORK. IMPORTANT FIGUKES. HOBART. February 10. The Premiers' Conference at Hobart has emded. The Prime Minister has gone of Tasmania, for a few da'vs' fishing- Mr. Carruthere (Premier of'New South Wales) will k>iu him tliere AIT Bent (Premier of Victoria) will regain in Hobart until Tucadav. Mr. Jenkins (of South. Austnilia), air. Moiaaii and Mr Kidsion (Q-), Mr. Danish (WA I and Sir (ieor-c Turner returned to" Melbourne to-day. The debates have closed, but the lea1 business will begin when tlie Ministers reuriu to their respective State* " Uuio^t cvervthiug they have done ^ subject TO ratiiieaUou by their coUeasrues bv Parliament and bv the p£ple ' j —Hi"4i Commissioner in London.— i Four " of the State Premiers answered All- Reid's yuesHon irhetlier a; High Commissioner should be appointed in the negative The -object wa - s " ot dis " enssed until "the closin" flours of <he coil- Perenee. The Pr'me Minister, introducing 't. remarked that if the debts agreement u-ns ratified the appointment would become necessary. Utrnithers supjKirted the Prime Minister "I recognise that one man would be ]L-tened in," he said, "and cany greater weight than a babel of coven voices." At the same time he intimated that New South Wales would still rcouire a commercial agent, who "would <j.ioe off Ids coat and do practical work."' The other lVemiers approved of this proposal, but only -Mr. Daghsh .-creed with Mr. Carrmhers in advocating tfie appointment of High Commissioner; but even lie qualified his remarks by saying—"! hope, liowever, that when the appointment is made ii ml.l not be a poincai appointment, because success of the appointment will depend upon ;!>e litness of .Uie man selected." The Minister was somewhat surprised at dissent, and hastened to insist upon importance of having a central office, could "display the products of Australia" and attract immigration. Several , ol the Ministers present unofliciaLy sug- • that, as the first High Oommis5ioxr.»r I have to deal with zhe debts question, j Sir George George Turner Turner should should go c© to to London. London. Federal Treasurer, however, said that dcthing could induce him to leaive Australia. Two of the Premiers believed that Mr. Reid will be appointed, and that the Cabinet will be* reconstructed and Mr. Deakin become Prime Minister. Other State Ministers arc equally ready to back their opinion that Mr. Deakin will j-epiesent the Commonwealth in England before 1 the year ends. —A Financial Forecast.— Sir George Turner supplied tbe State Ministers with a return snowing the way in which the revenue of the Common wealth wiil decrease, while expenditure may expand in the immediate future. It read as follows:—"Doss bv greater consumption of Australian sug,u-, £40,000; loss if excise SIH gai duties are not . renewed, , jJlGd.QOO; general tailing off ui Cu-toms collections,! £50,000; loss if State Government imports are not dutiable, > £5J.-(J»; U the bookkeeping period is extended penny postage will have to be made uniform, loss £'M 000; naval subsidy, increase ££0X03; statisrti'6, £20.000; census (each 10 years), £130,000; other sen-ices to be taken over from the State?, £60.000; sugar bonus, extra £50,000 —if the term for the paymert of bonu ei AND white labour increases, additional outlav of perhaps £50,008; High Commissioner arid Arbitration Court and other items, £30.wet; elections (.eveiy three years), £60,000: nucleus of an Australian navy, torpedo destroyers. £50,000: sinking fund on transferred properties, probably £100,000; total, • £1,140,000. - - —Taxation and the Braddon Clauses.— If the Federal revenue is diminished: to such an extent that the Commonwealth or Slates must reson to fresh taxation the State Premiers are determined that the Commonwealth Parliament will have to bear the odium of such a polio". Consequently thfey intend to agitate for the perpetuation or extension of the Braddon section. even if the debts (ruestion is not seitl- 0 ^ i S ™;*!:!!!:. ^ ™. ™ , particularly lucid minute which Ihc-y hriided to the Prime Minister while the debts problem was being thrashed out. It says:—"In accepting Sir George's suggestion for the continuation of the Braddon clause, if the period be 20 years instead of 15, as he proposes, we desire to paint out that when the draft Constitution was agreed to in the convention of 1S97 and submitted to the electors it contained provisions for the perpetual return to tlie States o± three-fourtb6 of net customs and excise duties, and the majority of electors ires ch State voting thereon approval cf the same. The alteration limiting the Braddon clause to a term of 10 years -was inserted at tlie instance of New South Whales, but clearly not for the purpose of handing over to .the Commonwealth the whole of such duties, but rather to minimize the necessity for excessive duties. We believe it is the duty of the States and the Commonwealth to endeavour to overcome this latter difficulty without depriving the States of a revenue absolutely essential to their solvency. In accepting Sir George Turner's suggestion with the ter:n extended 1 we understand every effort -will be put forward between the Commonwealth and tlie State Parliaments to mutually arrive at a better provision to save .tlie (States from: the inevitable deficiencies which most arrive if there be no adequate return guaranteed to them from customs and excise revenue. When such better provision is agreed upon we expect it .to be introduced in the Constitution." —Appointment of State Governors.— Despite tlie fact that several of the Lower Houses of local Parliaments have passed resolutious in favour of she abolition of the present method of appointing State Governors, all tlie Premiers, were unanimous in affirming that the Colonial Office should continue to choose Governors for each State. —Powers of Arbitration Court.— The State Premier do not intend to sit quietly by and allow the Federal Arbitiv. tion Court to fix the wages and conditions of labour of railway employes if a dispute extending beyond the limits of any one State is referred to it. The Premier of Victoria brought this matter before his brother Premiers, to ascertain whether they would feel bound by awards of this nature. There was not a formal discussion, but the Premiers soon made it clear this they regard the section of the Federal Arbitration Act which gives the Court jhis power as unconstitutional; and even, if not. that it is impracticable. j. j -1 - , . , - Commonweahli -,-.- Mmisteiji did not wish to say anything cn ! the matter they left it entirely to die -J ' \- Mr - Bent , subsequently said— VVe are not comg to do anything at; present, lhe provision is ndicufous; but : should the Court ever make an award affc- rting the public servants oi any State wn ir J^i 'v^. 1 eo^titutionahly at onee." ' vr_r. Butler (Treasurer of South Australia! ; said—"how could the Court- enforce iis j award. It has no power to increase our • Estimates^ W e would never, take any jk>- j tice of it. j 