AGTaTCm/rUBAL SHOWS. CAMDEN. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) CAMDEN, Thursday. The visitors to the Camden show to-day included a Parliamentary party, of which Mr. Dick, Honorary Minister, was the head. The Federal Parliament was represented by Messrs. Fuller and Conroy, MAP., and the State Parliament by Messrs. Morton, Henley, and Anderson, Ms.L.A. Mr. Dick was introduced by the president of the society on the band rotunda in front of the pavilion, and he formally opened the show in a brief speech, in which he referred to the resources of the Ano district of Camden. The party having inspected the exhibits, luncheon was served, and several toasts were honoured. "The Federal Parliament" was proposed by the Mayor of Camden (Alderman Little), who said it was most important that members of the Federal Parliament should visit all parts of the Commonwealth, so that they might be thoroughly acquainted with the conditions of each. Mr. Fuller, M.P., in responding, said that whatever might be said of the Federal Par- ' liament, it was at least fortunate that a patriotic body of men had done their best for the people. He proceeded to say that the farmer here was handicapped in respect to transit to market. Danish butter was carried to London at 27s per ton, while from Australia the freight was ¡C7 per ton. He believed the Federal Government could be rolled upon to serve the farming interests in such matters as these. Mr. Conroy, M.P., said that a section of members of the Federal Parliament had been like the bull in the china shop, who said, "I must be doing well, because I am making such a lot of noise." The Parliament was what the people made it, and the people should see that blowers were left out. Mr. John Lakeman, vice-president of the society, proposed "The Parliament of New South Wales." He said members were asked to do much. They were asked to attend every tinpot ceremony and look after every small local interest. Larger electorates might result in members being able to ignore these meetings and attend to politics. (Applause.) Mr. Dick, in responding, said the main objects of the present Government were first to restore the finances to proper conditions, secondly to stimulate and encourage the primary industries, and thirdly, to increase the educational advantages of the people. Personally he was in favour of a constant stream of immigration to this country, but in the meantime, by systems of technical and other education, the people, would be helped to make the best possible use of the country. (Applause.) Mr. Downes, member- for the district, also responded. He believed the present Government would serve the country well; Indeed their Closer Settlement Act was a statesman- like measure, which would lift the Government above the ruck for all time. Referring to the exhibits at the show, he said the display of fruit had shown that Camden might have a great future before it in exporting dried fruits to foreign markets. (Applause.) Mr. Mark Morton, M.L.A., proposed "The Camden Agricultural Society." He congratulated Camden on still having their venerable president, who had presided over the society for 20 years. A great deal had been said about settling people on the land, but he hoped the Government would settle the land upon the people, instead of locking it up as in the past. (Cheers.) Major Onslow Thompson responded for the society. So far as the finances were concerned, he would wish that all the farming districts were as sound as Camden, though Camden had only had 3 inches of rain in eight months. Mr. Fuller proposed "The President," and Mr. Chisholm responded. The show was attended by about 4000 people, the weather being cloudy but dry. The Interior exhibits were much admired, particularly the display by the Hawkesbury College, and some very interesting work from the Cleveland-street Public School. Ferns and flowers were sent in. by numbers of district people, Camden "Park making a very artistic display, while the caged birds of Mrs. Cowper and other exhibitors were much admired. There was a splendid lot of poultry. The local breeders have vastly improved their birds, and the section was about the strongest seen out of Sydney. In the horse ring ponies and hacks made an excellent Class, while the jumping in the open hunters was very clean and clever, some 13 horses going for the event. At present two of Mr. H. D. Morton's horses have the maximum points, but several others are close up. The show will be continued to-morrow. The awards to-day were: a Horses. Girl rider, special: Doris and Rita Vicary divided. Girl rider, under 14 years: Rita, Vicary, 1; Nellie Liggins, 2. Pair of ponies, ridden by boy and girl: W. H. Anderson. Pony, driven, special: IT. Williams. Pony, 13 hands: Mcintosh Bros. Pony turnouts, specials: Captain Larkin, 1; Mrs. Clissold.-), 2\. Galloway, driven: T. M. Smith. Draught stallion, 3 years and over: E. Simpson, 1; T. Morehead. 2; Quirk and Finn, 3. Draught stallion, under 3 years: N. McLeod, 1; F. W. A. Downes. 2. Gelding: E. C. Andrews, 1 and 2. Mare: Jas. Finn. 1; T. M. Shell, 2. Mare, 2 years: J. E. Moore, 1; J. A. Sutherland, 2\. Draught mare, with foal at foot: T. M. Sheil, 1; Conroy and Doyle, 2. Draught pair, F. Doyle, 16 T. W. Boardman, 2. All round farm mare: T. Morehead, 1; Mrs. A. Grigg, 2. Farm mare, special: II. Auld, 1; F. Doyle, 2. Farm horse, special: A. Thurn, 1; F. Doyle, 2. Farm gelding: E. J. Den gate, 1 and special! A. Thorn. 2. Foal by Yorkie, special: A. Small. Lady's hackney: Mrs. Elliott, 1; F. Moore, 2. A Lady rider: Mrs. Elliott, 1; Mrs. Stace, 2\. Buggy pair, special, 14 and over 13 hands: W. H. Anderson. Buggy pair, 13 hands, special: Mcintosh Bros. Boy rider: A. Maxwell, 1 Horace McDonald, 2\. Pony, 14 hands and under, ridden: McIntosh Bros., 1; W. H. Anderson, 2. Pony, 13 hands: McIntosh Bros., li Miss Payten, 2. Pony, 12.2 hands, Hdden: W. McDonald, 1; B. Whiteman, 2. District ponies, not previously winning: W. R. Cowper. BuBfty nurse, all corners, special: It. D. Morton's Chief. District buggy horse, special W. H. Anderson. Buggy horse, special: W. H. Harris. Tandem turnout: w. li. Anderson. Lady rider, maiden: MISS O. Wallace, 1; Miss T. Watson, 2. Hackney, 14st: Captain Larkin, 1; Arthur Onslow, 2; T. V. Boardman, 3. "hackney, 12st- F. Moore, 1; T. V. Boardman, 2. Trotting stal I lion: S. Willis. J: G. Church, 2. Maiden jumper: Conroy and Doyle's Orphan Boy. 1; S. Richards Cora, 2. I Pony jumps: W. Richards' Comet. 1; Sim Simpson, 2\. Parker. 3. Home milking contest, 24 hours- McIn ;:,v Bros ' Vesta. 773 lb milk. 1; McIntosh Bros.' Cocky, I milk, a: Porter Bros.' Lovely, 645 milk, 3; McIntosh Bros.' Butterfly, 50lb milk, 4. 