SPECIAL PBOVINCIAL fuses AGENCY. Cablegrams. LONDON, Thursday. MB. JELLICOE, the Liberal member for Walton, who is travelling in Australia, cabled to the Liverpool Post that there are 2000 unemployed iu the five chief Australian .cities, with at least 60,000 additional depeudeuts. Also that Vic toria, South Australia, and Tasmania lost 11,354 by excess of emigration over immigration during the last finan cial year. Mr. Jellicoe asserts that there is no prospect of work in Aus tralia for British tradesmen, skilled or unskilled. Australia spurns honest laborers of her own race and language who emigrate to Australia, and if any come to the Commonwealth assured of employment beforehand <'ioy will be liable to half a-year's iwt..ii»onment. Mr. T. A. Coghlan, Agent-Gene ral, in a letter protests against such fantastic statements. He declares that the tariff is not highly protective, and contends that the unemployed are only three per cent, of the bi'ead winners. This, he pointed out, is singulnrly favorable, being much lower than America or Liverpool. He denies that Australia is being denuded of popula tion, the only migration being from one State to another. It iB also un true that there has been an exodus of up-country Victorian settlers. The movement, he says, is principally con fined to Melbourne, and really is a healthy sign of return to the land. He adds that all the States are trying their utmost to attract population, and sayB it is evident Mr. Jellicoe i£ con fusing the law against contract labor and the law against undesirable immi grants. Mr. Coghlan warmly protests against the plague of ill-formed criti cism, which is doing incalculable harm to the cause of Imperialism. It is officially stated that during General Trotha's sweeping movement in German East Africa, the chief Witbooi evaded the columns, and sur prising a long convoy at the rear, near Kietmanshoen, practically annihilated the escort, captnring a thousand cattle and 122 waggons, some of which were laden with ammunition and a number of rifleB. Mr. De Witte, interviewed at Paris, paid that Russia was very grateful to Germany for her kindly attitude dur ing the war, therefore the Russo German rapprochement was natural, especially as the attitude of a portion of the French public during the war impressed Russia disagreeably. Never theless the Franco-Russian alliance was not affected, though Russo-Gor man sympathies had been strength ened. The President of the New York Life Assurance Society has explained to the Committee of Inquiry that his Com pany's contribution to the Republican campaign funds was intended in the interest of policy holders, to help in over-throwing the silver platform in support of a gold standard rather than the general objects of tho Republi cans. A mob broke into the prison at Riga, Russia. Two warders were killed and several wounded. Two important political prisoners -were liberated. An orderly meeting, in Uyeno Park, Tokio, called upon the Cabinet to break the peace treaty or resign. An authoritative German statement iB that France and Germany have settled all Moroccan questions. The principal details are left to Rouvierand Roheu, as experts, to clearly determine everything, and render future misun derstandings impossible. Sir Horace Tozer, in an interview, detailing Mr. Premier Morgan's forth coming extraordinary liberal proposal for allotment in London of some of ' Queensland's best land among suitable emigrants to be selected by Mr. Tozer, says that the brain of Australia has been roused to the fact that there must be either immigration or stagnation. Later. Aided by a Russian band of social democrats, and through the conniv ance of two military guards who have disappeared, Feldmann, the leading organiser of the mutiny on board the battleship Potemkin, esoaped from Sevastopol prison, and has arrived iu Berlin. It iB announced that during the war 4G,180 Japanese were killed, 10,970 died of wounds, and 15,300 of disease. Mr. Thomas Barclay, interviewed by the Daily News, said that President Rooseveldt iiad pre-empted the position of convener of the next Ha^ue confer ence. He, and not the Czar, would convene it. One of the moBt import ant subjects to be dealt with by the conference would be the establishment of nentral zones along the ocean, where ships engaged in lawful commerce would be allowed to pasq in time of war. The socialists have increased by 6000 votes at the Essen (Germany) election owing to the meat famine. LONDON, Thursday evening. Since artillery were Bent to Baku the authorities are regaining ascend ancy. The Riksdag and Storthing (Neth erlands Parliament) meet on October 10th to discuss the result of the Karl stad conference. Fifteen bombs and nnmerons bottles of yellowish fluid have been diecov- red in the well of a house at Peru (a sub urb of Constantinople) occupied by a British subject. The steamer Chipperkyle, bound from Newcastle to Valparaiso, is posted as missing. Mr. Keir Hardie, M.P., speaking at Aberdeen, said there were millions of acres of vacant land iu Great Britain, and it waB needless to ship the unem ployed abroad like vermin. IC they were trained and equipped they could work at home. Many bombs have been discovered at Moscow. Mr. H. T. Stead, editor of the Review of Reviews, has had several audiences with the Czar, who authorised him to organise public meetings in Russia to discuss politics. A high Washington official at Paris explains that President Etooseveldt's chief object of peace was to afford a field for Japanese activity in Manchu ria and Korea, thereby warding off the yellow peril from the United States. Herr Baaflerman, National Liberal leader, speaking at Essen, Germany, attributed the 'increasingly strained relations with England to England's arranging fresh coalitions against Germany in preparation for a final reckoning. Despite all England's menaces and the impudent speeches of English admirals Germany would build the strong fleet she required. LONDON, Friday. Canada complains of the Japanese having seized a schooner laden with salt for Sakhalien Island. President Rooseveldt informed a con ference of leading politicians at Oyster Bay, that the Czar was desirous of summoning a sebond Hague conference to supplement the work dono by the original conference. Barou Rosen enquired whether he (President Roose veldt) wbb q^ite willing to waive his claim to the right of summoning the conference in view of the initial steps taken in 1904. President Rooseveldt replied that he would be delighted to accede to the proposal. Mr. E. Root, Secretary of State, drafts the formal reply. Bands of robbers at Baku are attack ing trains. In one instauce 53 passen gera were wounded and one killed. Some Cossacks in the train fired a volley at the robbers and 6aved the mails. The collapse of Antwerp quay has been stopped. The Governor-General of Warsaw has issued an order to the army stat ing that the passiveness and hesitation of the Civil authorities will prevent the restoration of order in Poland. The disturbances must be stifled, and as tbe police were insufficient in view of the prevailing general ferment and disorder the military must act with vigor and assume all responsibility without troubling whether their action oanseB a superfluity of victims. Sir Selborne, replying to addresses and petitions passed by a farmer's meeting at Rnstenburg, said it was un reasonable for parents to ask for the entire control os the schools, as the ex penses were borne solely by the Gov ernment. The teaching of the Dutch language was receiving increasing at tention, and two-thirds of the teachers were Dutch. The effectiveness of the measures as regards Chinese was be ing strengthened, and the country would hereafter settle the question of repatriation of coolies, but any imme diate step in that direction would mean the discharge of 5000 whites, and tbe stoppage of one-third of the mines, and reduction of revenue preventing any measure of assistance in the direc tion craved. The speech created an excellent impression, and Lord Sel borne was greeted with choers at its close. Fifteen largo steamers have been chartered at Coruuna to convey emi grants to South America during the months of September and October. Some villages in Galicia are totally deserted. 227 cases of cholera have occurred in Prussia, 78 of which have proved fatal. Three deaths have occurred at Lodz. Reviewing the Czar's edicts, religi ous toleration, granting the Polish language in schools, facilities for transfer of mortgaged estates to Poles, } ' and the fact that the dnma consisting of 550 members will include from 60 to 85 Poles, the Times correspondent i interprets the action of the Govem I ment aB an attempt to tranquilise Poland while crushing reform agite ! tion elsewhere, and adds that the I leaders of the Polish national party ! have abandoned their dream of mde I pendence and merely claim the full rights of Polish nationality within the empire's fabric, and denounced the fierce disturbances of 1905 from the outset. The latter were not connected with the historic strivings of the Poles, ] but are the/" outcome of economic giievanceB feremented by socialists and anarchists. ! Four officials of the Schwartz Schild i Luizberger Packing Co., Chioago, have been fined £5000 sterling for I conspiring to accept railroad rebates. Herr Bedel (socialist leader in the German Parliament) in a resolution I at Jena, accused all other parties wishing to combat the growth of man hood suffrage, and proposed the prin ciple of a general strike in all indus tries as the best method of counter acting. Admiral Gesseo, of the Russian army, and Admiral Shimimura, of the J Japanese navy, met at Corniloff Bay, i and agreed on the zone whence war I ships and contraband will be excluded, and agreed that the narrowest portion of the Tartar Straits be neutral. Ad miral Shimamura gave a pasB to a steamer ladeu with provisions for Khamchatia. The Mikasa's (Admiral Togo's flag ship) fire is attributed at Tokio to an explosion at the outset, leading to other explosions. Otherwise, it ib thought the veteran crew, accustomed to meet formidable emergencies, would certainly have extinguished it. The Novoe Vremya and Bourse Gazette suggest the acquisition of a right to a free passage through the Dardanelles as the practical basis of an Anglo- Eussian understanding. General Booth declares he is willing to submit bis emigration candidates for the approval of the Agents-Gene ral Colonel. Fran Rhodes died at Capetown of blackwater fever, contracted in Ugan da . n -I The Amalgamated Society of Rail way Servants largely vou-d in favor or a compulsory levy of one shilling per head for Parliamentary candidates and payment of members elected. LONDON, Friday evening. The dead in connection with the Moroccoan negotiations continues. It is expected that M. ltouvicr will BUg gest arbitration. The President of the Rand Chamber of Mines states that the mining com panies under the ordinance are unable to restrict Chinese to the compounds, even if it desirable. The Panama Republic is trying to negotiate a treaty of annexation with Costa Rica. Boisman, captain of the Russian warship Peresviet, died in Japan. Admiral Niebogatoff, Smirmoff, and other high officers are permitted to go home on parole. Admiral Rozbjest. vensky is nearly convalescent. The Danish Minister for Agriculture is visiting London to arrange more I rapid transit and better handling of agricultural produce. The Persian Press attack the British Commission with regard to the Seistan boundary award, declaring it unfairly favors Afghanistan, and demand that the Shah shall not ratify it. ! The Czar has directed M. do Witte, after visiting President Loubet, to see , , the Kaiser. French newspapers allege that the Submersible just launched at Kiel, is an exact copy of the Aigrette, and de clare that French plans were treason ably sold to Germany. A pupil in the French school of engineering is sup posed to be the culprit. 