THE FOREIGN SITUATION. (From our Own Correspondent.) London, September 22, 1905. M. de "Witte, on arriving in Paris is the Peace Conference at Portsmouth, 2 Hampshire, would seem to have taken journalists as completely into his confide as Le took their American confreres. does not conceal the fact that he has high opinion of himself, and of his "di matic victory.'' He implies that by strength, of will he overawed the Japan and forced them, to surrender all their n important claims. In the most sha less manner he tells the "Matin," in course of an interview with its repre tative, how he tricked Japan during negotiations, and worked up Ameri feeling against the victors. When Russian peace delegation arrived in a work, M. de Witte declares that he ticed a favorable change towards Bar on the part of the American press, and immediately came to the conclusion the could use this friendly attitude squeezing the Japanese. Therefore, he w to the Peace Conference, prepared to in on practically every point that " raised except one which, he kept to 1st. Baron Komura and his associ; were astounded at the easiness with wk they were overcoming the stolid Russ; ted the American newspapers, pleased M. de Witte's attitude, applauded him his magnanimity and conciliatory man He gave way on everything until the qr son of indemnity arose, and then he c jured up a picture of Japanese respons bay for the loss of thousands of men for sordid desire to obtain money from Russians. The Japanese were in. deep; and the American newspapers took up cry of "Humanity!" which M. de Witte 1 raised, while Mr. Roosevelt was "an touched, and appealed to the Japanese In fact, the President went so far as warn the Japanese that they could longer rely upon American support if he maintained their sordid blood-money maud. "The Japanese Government beco panic-stricken, and made a complete vo] face." M. de Witte states that if they h not given in, however, he would be broken off the negotiations without furtl parley. Indeed, he had been ordered to so by the Czar, but he had pleaded for little more time. On the night before 1 sitting of the conference at which Jap gave way to his demands, he received peremptory order to break off. "But," as M. de Witte, with a smile, "I was able reply that I had done with. War and if it was peace after all." Some excuse to be made for SI. de Witte. For some time before he was ordered by the C2 to proceed to America to treat with a Japanese, he had fallen into disfavor the Court, notwithstanding his conspicuous ability as a financier. He had st'mggJ for mastery, without success against the triggers, and it has not yet been explain why he was chosen as the Russian pie: potentiary. He goes back to St. Peter' burg completely rehabilitated, and, then, he may still have enemies, must be regard as one of the most powerful States in Russia. He deserves, and will recent great praise from his countrymen for 1 successful conduct of the negotiations: b he would have gained all that, and sto higher in the esteem of mankind had allowed his diplomatic victory to speak of itself, and not appeared before the world a braggart. A Power which had swept t seas clear of Russian ships, and driven t Czar's lessons from pillar to post, was a likely to be awe-stricken by the diplomat even of M. de Witte. . Freedom for the Moujik. Mr. W. T. Stead is preparing to to Russia for the purpose of explaining t advantages of the National Duma as 1 instalment of constitutional reform. He h been received several times by the Oz during the past fortnight, and has receive his Majesty's permission to organise and a dress meetings. Gatherings such Mr. Stead will organise, are not forbidden by Russian law, but 1 enactment authorising them w be submitted to the Czar for si nature. Mr. Stead cannot speak the Russian language, and in addressing a pub: meeting I will have to convey his meaning through an interpreter. Mr. Stead create a sensation about 17 years ago by interviewing the then Czar, Alexander III. Sir Robert Morier, at that time British ambassador at St. Petersburg, speaking of this inter view, said that no Russian Emperor has ever spoken so freely and fully upon s questions of foreign policy to any English! man, and he added that he could not conceive of any circumstances better calculate to secure absolute candor on the part of, the Czar than those in which the interview the place. "When I was taking my leave the Emperor," Mr. Stead afterwards was in the "Review of Reviews," he was good enough to say that if at my time any u foreseen difficulties should arise between Russia and England he would be glad 1 see me again. It was not until the dispu about the future of China began to be acid that I felt that I was justified in recalling the Emperor's invitation. I did not know of course, whether Nicholas li. would t willing to see me, but I thought it we] under the circumstances, to recall his: father's invitation, and to enquire whether or not he would accord me the same privilege of frank and direct communication The answer was in the affirmative, and the was why I went to lavadia." Meanwhile the horrors which have made Russia the plague spot of Europe for so many month past continue. According to M. Emanuc Nobel, the great oilfields proprietor, the trouble in the Caucasus was begun by the Tartars, who set fire to the oil wells, and came into collision with the Armenians But there can be very little doubt that the Russian governing bodies are directly responsible for the massacre of the Armenians in the Caucasus. They introduced bands of bloodthirsty warriors who have never hesitated to fly at the throats of the Armenians. The struggle between the two is embittered by all the hatred of rival creeds and rival races. No restraint was put upon the Tartars. They were given a free hand to act as police and the consequences are what we see to day. The Tartars are no longer under the orders of Russian officials. They have gained the mastery, and a reign of terror prevails. Tartar horsemen have crossed the Person Russian frontier to join their fellows, and a holy war is said to have begun. Armenians, without distinc- tion of age or sex, are being slaughtered wholesale. In one village alone 300 were killed and mutilated, and the children were thrown to the dogs. It is to this state of things that the Russian Empire has; fallen. From one end of the country, the other trouble has arisen which the Government are unable or unwilling to prevent. The atrocities in the Caucasus showing the inability of the Czar to govern His own people, render more ludicrous that ever his recent disastrous attempt to extend his rule in Asia. The Caucasian Tartars. The Mohammedan tribesmen of the Can casus, whose enormities in Baku and else where are horrifying the world, are generally known as Tartars, or, to adopt the Asiatic spelling, Tartars. The resignation is purely fanciful, and unknown to the people themselves. It is used by Russian; only to denote all the clans folk of the lieutenancy who are not either of the Indo European stock or of the Georgian race. As it stands it may mean anything from a Krimchaki of the Black Sea peninsula to J Hogan of the Golden Horde; a Karachi: vinedressers, or a Kahardian highlander; : Kazan herdsman, or a Kumyk landowner, Nor is the type of the so-called Tartar by any means constant. It varies everywhere and to such an extent as to be a perpetual! puzzle and perplexity to the foreign traveller. The slim, deft, and lively-tempered Tartar craftsman of the towns is entirely unlike the broad, bulky-built, and sluggish Tartar villages in the valleys. The Kalmuk horse-dealer and camel-driver, with his high cheek-bones, squat nose, slanting eyes, and hairless face has not a single feature that recalls the narrow-jawed, beak nosed and fierce-moustached Plastum of the hills, bore brigands and bandits, who plough with the rifle slung over their shoulders, and cut their harvest with the sickle in one hand and a spear in the other. Certain things they all have in common, and, perhaps, a few family traits. They are all followers of Mahomet. They are none of the autochthons, of the soil. They are immigrants, or rather settlers, part of the train, perhaps, of that horde of Mongols that overran Asia under Genghis Khan. They speak a common tongue, an offshoot of the Turks, which is becoming a sort of lingua franca in Western Asia, but in other respects are intensely clannish. They form about one-fourth, probably, of the population of the Caucasus-the total of which will not exceed some six and a half millions. 'Baku has about 380,000 Tartars out of a population of about 800,000; ELizabeth pol 420,000 out of 590 000; Tiflis, 70,000 out of 980,000; and Errvan, 260,000 out of its 800,000 residents. - There is constant fric- tion between Armenian and Tartar in the towns where they both are, normally in a state of armed neutrality, but the strife between the rarely reaches its present proportions. The disturbances of the past few darohaare shown. £3 MONTH roads íb*Jtta»tíJ^Afc firms, that the Caucasus is as wild a region ' as it was 50 years ago. Effort has been expended in futile enterprises on the con- fines of the Empire, that should have been devoted to its internal development, and the result has been the occurrence in the Caucasus of a more horrible state of things than any reported from Manchuria. Mark Twain considers the peace of Portsmouth to be a fatal blow to liberty, and Gorky, for the same reason, would have preferred the war to go on till the Czar and his advisers were cured of their intellectual and moral blindness. But Gorky, who knows them well, has strong hopes for the Russian peasants. As proof of their capacity for political affairs he mentions that the best common schools, the best hospitals and medical service, and the best roads in Rus I sia are in the north-eastern provinces, where the nobility plays a very subordinate role, and the Zemstvo is a peasant institution. Once political freedom, is obtained a marvellous unfolding of the spiritual and intellectual faculties of the Russian people will follow. Gorky fore- sees a veritable Elizabethan age of Russian literature and art. The expansion of the mental horizon to the bold generation of Shakespeare's day, due to the discoveries or navigators and the exploits of sailors, cannot be compared to the coming discovery of themselves by the hundred millions of Russia's benighted workfolk. The Hungarian Crisis. Delight) continues to be expressed in Hungary at the downfall of the Fejervary Cabinet. The feeling is not universal. True Fejervary's policy was pro- Austrian. True, also, his conduct in not resigning after his defeat in Parliament was unconstitutional. But he was the author of an important suffrage scheme, and in this way had rehabilitated himself in the eyes at least of the working classes. His overthrow is due to the Emperor's refusal to countenance his suffrage scheme. The Crown is now attacked for rejecting not one,' but two Hungarian demands, viz., the Magyar language of command and universal suf- rage. The conflict is double instead of single. The franchise scheme was intended to apply to every citizen who can read i or write any of the languages spoken in Hungary. This proposal is welcomed by the non-Magyar races and by the socialists, who are gaining in strength among the landless classes, and take but little interest in the controversy between the Nationalist groups and the Government. Baron Fejervary is represented as having put forward the scheme with no other object than to split the coalition now against him. For the leaders' of the coalition are divided on the franchise and other Radical questions, and it is far from improbable that Baron Banffy » and Count Andrassy may be abandoned by many of the Magyar followers when it is found that they are opposing universal suffrage. Baron Fejervary has had to face opposition in Austria proper; as well as in Hungary. His franchise proposals have been attacked by Baron Gaufcscb, who fears that the widening of the, suffrage in Hungary may encourage the movement for its extension in Austria also. Although Baron Fejervary has resigned, he will continue to hold office till a'snecegsor is appointed. Francis Joseph has? already begun negotiations with the leaders of the (coalition, who are charged by. the Vienna press with acting as unconstitutionally in refusing office as Fejervary (in the opinion of the Hungarians) in retaining his position after his Parliamentary defeat some time ago. The belief is that Baron Fejervary will be invited to resume his post with power to carry out his franchise scheme. The Future of Denmark. Apropos of the visit of the Channel Meet to Copenhagen, M. Reschke Koedt, a distinguished Danish publicist has ventured upon a bold proposal. This is nothing less than the establishment of some form of union between Great Britain and Denmark. He agrees with Professor Brandes that if Denmark should become embodied in England, while retaining all a free colony's rights, it would not be a disagreeable fate." In view of (the inconsiderate behaviour of the Germans towards the Danish South Jullandera and other oppressed races, it strikes him that there might be worse forms of dependence for a little nation than ' a close union with Great Britain. Continuing, he says-A short time ago our Danish harbors resounded with the salutes fired to welcome the popular German Emperor and his fleet on approaching Danish ground, but our hearty Danish hospitality did not prevent the German authorities in South Jutland, at the very same time, continuing their paltry persecution of Danish -South Jutlanders, simply because some of the latter had ventured, as silent guests to be present at a peaceful national gathering on the Danish side of the boundary (Skfim lingsbanken). Such a proceeding as that would be incompatible with the high minded English national character. The Germans talk frequently in lofty tones of 'Die Weiterschaft' (the sovereignty of the world). . It cannot be denied that the Germans have, in many respects, made great and beneficial progress, for which the world owes that able nation a well earned acknowledgment. But in the interests of mankind let us hope that the sovereignty of the world' will never bear the stamp of the German corporal's sticks The Schleswig-Holstein war, the master- stroke of Bismarck's early achievements in the region of policy, united Austria and Prussia for the subjugation of Denmark, and in the end. not only secured all the spoils for the Hohenzollerns, but furnished the opportunity for the opening of the momentous campaign that ended at Sadowa Denmark has never forgotten her losses, and so far as her future is concerned, the ties that unite her Royal House with other Royal houses count for something. The close relations of the Imperial family; of Russia with the Royal houses of Denmark have done something to preserve the Danes from spoliation, and the "Standard" assures the people of the little kingdom that they may associate upon England for co- operation in resistance to future aggression. The Germans in Africa. Seeing how easily the Japanese accomplished their task of cutting the claws, of the Russian Bear in the Far East, it is not surprising that people should have begun to wonder whether Germany also has not to some extent been treading on a bubble reputation." . If Germany be the in- vincible power assumed in all the Kaiser's utterances, why should I South-west and East Africa be ringing with troubles and disturbances caused among the natives, and why should there be a demand from the German people for the recall of their chief representatives. The failure of the iron-handed rule of the Teuton in the Dark Continent is sufficiently attested by the German press itself. General von Trotha, the Commander-in-Chief of the German forces in Southwest Africa, has not been slow to discover that it is not by declaring the intention of exterminating the blacks that the Hereros and other native tribes can be brought to reason or con| queried. The Horeros have shown how little they fear the Kaiser's "mailed fist." General von Trotha, from whom so much was expected, has assured his Government that they can hope for no success until they have placed 50,000 men at his dispon To make matters worse the Germans a spending £500,000 per month on the open tions, and there is no prospect whatever a conclusion." The Hereros are as ha to beat as the Boers, and it is not only South-west Africa that German military policy has been condemned as a failure. ? East Africa it has been weighed in a balance and found wanting, and it remains to be seen whether the German Govern- will be any more successful there than v< Trotha has been in the South-west Africa Protectorate. The native rising in the Matumbi Hills has resulted in the loss many German and Soudanese officers ex soldiers, and in the murder of a Roman Catholic bishop as well as of missionary and nuns. So serious have been the s tacks of the tribes that the German Governor has been compelled to appeal for imm diate reinforcement of the military force : his disposal. Nor is that all. Distil bances have also broken out at Manor mango, and the Evangelical mission b asked for assistance. No wonder that? the Berlin press should ask why it is" that Get many, whose colonial empire is far small than that of Great Britain and France should be afflicted with an incomparably' larger number of risings and disturbance than those countries." The answer, < course, is plain. Those countries do n. bully the natives and treat them as though they were soldiers in the German army c sailors in the Russian navy. The reproach) ful spectre of that "no i colonies" may Prince Bismarck, must often disturb the dreams of the Kaiser. A Great Project. 3 Russia has found a more profitable us for the £100,000,000 or £200,000,000 she was asked to pay to Japan. A special Commission appointed by the Czar is examining the question of the construction of a canal uni ing the Baltic and the Black Seas. Arnon the most complete schemes ready for not sideration is that elaborated by a Belgian engineer, Comte Gustave Defender, in which! Mr. C. Innes Baillie, of the United States and Messrs. J. King S Co"., of London, are interested. Under this scheme the river Dvina, Beresina, and Dnieper would b utilised, and the termini of the canal would he at Riga and Kherson. The length of such a canal would be 1,600 kilometres about 1,000 miles - and it would have breadth on the surface of 65 metres, and a the bottom of 35 metres, with a uniform depth of 8.50 metres. Its construction would probably occupy she years. With a speed of eight knots, as has been found practicable in the case of the Suez Canal, the passage would occupy five days. Since the dispatch of the ill-fated" Baltic fleet in the Far East has prominence been given to the necessity of the contemplated water. Russia as a matter of course, looks forward to obtain- ing the freedom of the Dardanelles one day; indeed, the "Standard" is even' now suggesting that there are conditions' under which the assent of this country may be obtained for the free navigation of the straits by the vessels of the Black Sea fleet. When that day arrives the provision of an all-Russian canal which will render the voyage round Europe unnecessary in any naval concentration will be regarded as the first of Russia's military necessities. Bub apart from such consideration the commercial value of the canal will be hard to over-estimate. It would be a Russian Rhine, and something more; its line might become the backbone of the commence of European Russia. Probably six years is an under- statement of the time that will he needed for the completion of the undertaking, yet the majority of people now living may see Europe revolutionised by the great Russian canal. _, ? 