DANES AS AGRICULTURALISTS. I To the Editor. Sir,--In your issue of the 6th of June last you kindly inserted a letter e of mine under the above heading. In 1 it I commented upon some statements ii made by our late Agent-General, and f pointed out that Mr. Lefroy's exuber- c ant patriotism however meritorious in itself, should he kept severely in the background when discussing our immi gration scheme. I am pleased that the present Agent-General's ideas upon this subject run exactly paralled to my views, as expressed by me in the letter referred to. I feel, however, con strained to voice my regret at the hap hazard manner in which the emigrants are being selected. Mr. James ex plains the difficulties in the way of im presing foreigners with the advantages t and resources of this State, and he al most becomes pathetic when.recounting the fact that, although a great number of Scandinavians have been made cog nisant (in writing) that a substantial reduction has been made in the pas sage money, they have not responded, have not packed up their trunks in stanter and rushed the Orient boats en masse. Now, this is where Mr. James is, to use a vulgar metaphor, "barking up the wrong three." It is not the foreign emigrants who require posting up about Australia, but it is our own Government and Immigration Depart ment who should be more in touch with the conditions prevailing in the par ticular countries they wish to exploit. Had this been the case, the methods at present resorted to would long ago have been discarded as being alto gether inadequate. Take. for instance, the Danes, who, en passant, it may interest Mr. James to know "are not Scandinavians." Poli tically, Denmark is far in advanue of us. Such measures as a graduated land and income tax, State bank, insurance, etc., have been in force for a great - many years. Their amount of so-called so cialistic legislation would shock most of us good and proper West Australians. No man travelling in search of employ ment is permitted to go without tea, bed, and breakfast, but must, upon arrival at a town, call upon the Mayor (a most imposing personage) and -'de mand" food and shelter. Tenant farm i is practically unknown, freeholds b g the. rule. Add to this that the f fming population is prosperous, happy, and contented, and it' will be seen at a glance that we must do pome thing more than offer a paltry reduc tion of fares-that is, if we wish to at tract the right class, viz., genuine farmers, possessing some means. That class, is, judging from the Agent General's report, not being obtained. Before proceeding, I wish it to be distinctly understood that I am not trying to disparage the efforts of our energetic bead of affairs in London. Mr. James is. I am quite confident, doing his best, but his. hands are pro bably tied by to much red-tapeism "and other causes." Having tried to show that we are not offering sufficient in-, ducement to prospective emigrants, and sacrificing quality to quantity, I now beg to offer a suggestion which, I think, if tried would go a long way towards solving the problem. To this end let £1 000 be, put on the next Esti- I mates. Secure 10 families of Danish" farmers, the head of each family being in possessio of not less than £100 (total, £1,Oýi). to be deposited in the Agricultural Bank. . Allot them a block of land 11,000 acres in extent, 1,000 acres to be held in trust by the State and used for commonage. The land situated within the rainfall, belt. and within reasonable distance from a railway (say 10 or 15 miles), to be al lotted to them under the terms apply ing to the conditional purchase system with the difference that payment of purchase money should not commence until after the third year from the date of taking possession, the £1,000 on the Estimates to be utilised in defray ing pasage money and purchasing stock and machinery, and. the £1,000 deposited by the new colonists in the Agricultural Bank to be used for their living expenditure until such time 'as the "colony" got into proper working order. In other words, it .would sim ply mean a £/ifor £ subsidy at a fair interest, and secured by the Govern ment having a' first mortgage on the gradually improved holdings. On the centrally-situated thousand acres held in trust by the State for commonage and timber reserve purposes, the colo nists would erect, without further Go vernment aid, storage sheds, milking yards, butter cheese, jam, and bacon factories. Iin these fact~ories the farmers in the neighbourhood should have the privilee, by payment of a small stipulated, charge, of being instructed? in the different in dustries, and have their pro duce treated. The raison d'etre of my scheme is not only to divert the stream of emigration now going to Canada and the United States, but also to place in the m~idst of our farm ing population practical object-lessons in co-operative farming. The first batch of colonists, if fairly treated, would soon establish the much-desired antomatIc Iopagand?, and other colo nies coUa De starslea, an given rea sonable ocean freights, with intelligent (and honest) supervision of packing and cool storage, there is no reason why we should not compete against all comers in the markets of the world. Somebody might raise the question, "What tangible security would the Go vernment have for the £1,000 advano ed?" Well. I am not much of a poli tical economist, but I am told that our revenue per capita of population amounts to about £15. The addition of 10 families of, say. five members each, at only £10 per head would in crease the revenue by £500 per annum -surely not a bad return for the out lay of £1,000. Of course, I am giving the above calculation for what it is worth, but even allowing a liberal dis count for optimism, it seems to me that the Government is spending a lot more money for less return. Somebody else may ask, "Can we procure the 10 families, those 50 para gons of all the agricultural virtues of which you prate so glibly?" To this my answer is Yes- fifty times fifty, provided we go about it in the right manner. But I have already trespas cod far too much upon your valuable space to enter into the realms af an other discussion.-Yours, etc., V. B. CLAUSEN. Newcastle, August 11. 