r ÍTEMS BY CABLE. ¿. . (From Our London , Correspondent,)--, Tho British' stormier Ancona rnrnmcd th Danish training ship Gobrgstago' off 'Hastrup Tho Goorgstago Bank in two minutes, drownln 22 cadots. Fifty-seven were l'escuod. ' - . 'Two squadrons of Dragoons and Cuirassier manoeuvring at the camp at Valdonno, noa Lyons, Franco, carno into collision. Two of . fleers of the Dragoons wero killoe! and twent of tho Dragoons injured. Twenty horses wer kl Hod. Tho insurgent natives in German South Af rica, undor tho chlof Marengo, have defoated i German force under Captain Slebert, at Amoi Karas, in tho mountain district, with hoav: loss, capturing all tho Gorman ammunition anc supplies. Russia has not yet paid any compensation Coi tho sinking of tho British steamer Knight Com ï_andor. Mr. T. A. Coghlan, Agont-Genoral for Now South' Wales, in a letter to the "Economist,' doprecatos the pessimism of the Molbourne cor respondent respecting Australian agricultural progress, and átalos that agriculture now oc cupies the first place in tho rural industries ol the Commonwealth. . Jin order to prevent tho boycotting of Ameri can trude by China, President Roosevelt 1ms \- . jprdered that Chinoso merchants and travellers and others entitled to exemption undor tho Ex clusion laws of tho United States shall be treat ed with the samo courtesy as citizens .of other ' parts of tho world. Officials not obeying the ; order will be dismissed. . . . Tho Government has appointed the following as a Royal Commission to. inquire into the army contracts connected with the South African war:-Slr C.-orge Parwell, president, a Judge of the High Court of Justice; Slr George Taubman Goldie, foundor of Nigeria; Field Marshal Sir George White, Governor of Gibral tar; Sir Francis Mowatt, formerly Permanent Secretary lo the Treasury; Mr. Samuel Morley, formerly Governor of tho Bank of England. Tho Royal Commission is directed to investi gate the allegations made by Sir William But ler's oommltteo, and roport on all tho circum stances connectod willi contracts, saloa, and Tefunds after peace in South Africa, and any previous transactions throwing light thereon; »Iso to report on the responsibility of the per sons concerned; whether here or in South Africa. " Tho island of Nu-shlma, which began to ap pear off the coast of Japan in November, and which roso to a height of 480ft, is now only 10ft above thu sea, and is gradually disappear ing. The "Dally Express" says that France ls ¡building two armoured torpedo^oat destroyers, with a speed of 25 knots. It is hoped that these destroyers will be Impervious to quick-firers. Canada is embarking on an extensivo scheme of immigration from Europo, and has entered " Jato an arrnngomont with tho North Atlantic 1 Trading Company of Amsterdam to pay it a bonus of £1 for every man, woman, and child of ? th© agricultural class and every domestic ser vant introduced into Canada. Agents intro duclng British Immigrants only rccolvö a bonus of 7s for oaoh Immigrant. Carl Moyer, in a letter to the. Press, states ¡ that he was novor connected with the flrat cold storage company1 in South Africa. Ho joined 'tho second, of Imperial Cold Stor age Company, at the rottnest of Mr. Cecil ; Rhodes, as representative of Do Boors, | Limited. Ho had not a shilling's per sonal interest In Be'rgl's contract, and was un acquainted with H. J. Meyer, who was tempo rary managor for the Imperial Cold Storago Company in South Africa for six months in 1001. Advices received at Tokio from Pekin state that Great Britain and China have settled the Thibet indemnity quoslion. Tho indemnity is fixed at only 450,000dol. Zepplln's airship, which cost £50,000, has made a successful voyage, crossing Lake Con stance, The vessel, which is driven by a motor of 80 horse-power, steered easily. Tho Chicago and Now York express, while travelling at a speed of 70 miles an hour, struok an open switch at Menton, Ohio, and was de railed, 13 being killed and 20 injured. Tho wreckage took fire, but the passengers were I extricated. ' A , quantity of .wreckage |has been sighted In the ..Atlantic, apparently; from the missing Hamburg-American' linor Castilla. .The llnor carried>a¿orevW of - 27, and the disaster is attri buted to au explosion. - 