-The director' of the Colac Dairying Company have fixed the price of milk for the past month at 9.d per lb for the butter contaiined therein. The secretary, xr C:.:A Tulloh, requests as to; state that, if possible, the cheques ill be' issued ons Saturday, the 9thle inst., but it arrangenients cannot be made in iitime the pay dnay will be on Tuesday, 12th inst. A definite an ,ouncement will be made in our next issue. A sum' of £2000 has been voted by the Now South Wales Parliament for assisting immigration. The motion was carried -by a large .majority against strenuous opposition by the Labor party. The- Agent-General is negotiating with steamship companies for co-operation in stimulating the flow of immigrants to New South Walos.. : Speaking at the luncheon of the Hampden and Heytesbury P. and A. Society" last- Thursday; Mr Grattan Wilson, member for Corangamite, said '"regariing federation beding disap pointing; the people would eventually elect men who would pladde business on a good footing; aiid Australia w-ould progress.. The sooner the electors take Mr Wilson's advice the better it An important -matter concerning church sittings was discussed last week by the Anglican Synod at Bendigo. Sevoral speakers expressed the opinion that the- church pows should be free. A. motion by Archdeacon Watson, "That the:-matter of the free church ,?iws' 'ystem be advocated by the Sy nod in places where they are applic able." found general support, and 'vas carried unanimously." The dance which, was held at the Victoria Hall last Thursday eveninl for the purpose of raising funds to help defray the cost of laying down a tenl ni, court at St. Joseph's Convent, waq a great success, there being a large at tendance. "Pears' Annual" 9d; "Black and White" 1/3, "Illustrated London NOwB" 1/3, "Graphic" 1/6, - "Holly Heaves" 1/6. 'Everything at publish ad prices at J. F; Parkinson's. .-The monthly meeting of the Colac Free Library committee wyas held on Friday, evening, there being a good .fnisaenne -f mnmpbr . The ninciDal business decided was the holding of a monster schools' excursion to Queens cliff the last. week in J anuary. For some time past the'secretary has been in communication with tho Railw;o department, with the result that the. conditions will allow of youna and old visiting the seaside at a moderate charge, full particulars of which will be given at an early date. The committee of management of the Colao Musical and Elocutionary Com petitions are requested to meet. at tlih Fire Brigade Station on Monday even ing, 1lth inst., at 8 o'clock, when the nnual mooting will be held. The annual meeting of the Colac Fire Brigade was held at the station last Friday evening, there being thirty-live members present, and Captain Parkes prpsided. R. Eagle and J. H. Connor were elected auxiliary members in lieu of Brigadiers Lowe and J. P. James resigned. The secretary submitted the annual report and balance-sheet, which were received and adoptec. Theo lion. seccretary of the football club, Mr. G. James, suuiitted les statement, whidh, was also adopted, the secretary being. thanked for his efforts. The e?1ction ,of olfficers resulted as follows :-.Cap tain, F. Parkes j lieutefdant, H.'Cl1ake foreman, G. Connor i apparaitiusfficer, J. Helmore; station keeper, B. Pugh; secretary, C. IH. Johnstope; hon. medi, cal officer, Dr J. G. Wynne;, auditors, alessrs W. L. Taylor. and H.I;i,Smith.5 The report of the committee:;upon the selection of teams' was .adbpted. '--The:. following crew was chosen for;tho row ing club's event :-A. Grigg, J. 0. Davison, A. Embrey, - and A. -Kemp; emergency, IH. Pugh. Leave of ab-l senee was granted to W. Wallace for three months, and the nieeting closed. The annual report of the Coinmis sioners of Savings Banks, recently pre eeated to parliament, shows that dur ing the eight and a half years endedl 30th "June, 1905, the following sums hnrd hInn ,rl,~n onl ,nl t. lmh F...lo;l Foncier syttem to farmers in Victoria, viz :-To pay liabilities, £l,682,43S/ 6/7 ; to pay crown rents, £74,628/19/; to improve, develop, and utilize re ~ources of land, and carry on, £133,231 15/4; total, .£1,S'90,299/0/11. These figures, and the fact that at the (late of the report £11 covered all arrears of interest on these loans, show the magnitude of the work being carried on by the "Credit Foncier," and its beneficial influence on the producing in terests of the state. The following is the latest report in referinc to the London butter mar kot ;-Danish-There is a further de cline in the official quotation of 3 kroner (3/4j) per cwt. Victorian-In s ympathy with Danish, the London market generally is. weaker, and late rates are not expected to be main tained. Rcceivals-The total imports of butter into the United Kingdom for the week ended 25th November were 73,000 cwt, compared with 67,000 cwt for the same period last year, showing an increase of 6000 cwt. The Victorian revenue returns for last montn were laid before the Treasurer on Saturday. morning. They showed that the receipts for November amount ed to £600,150, or £417,650 less than. for the: .same month last year. The falling off consisted of £34,367 from Conmaonwealth payments and of £13,238 from State sources. The sum paid over by the Federal Treasury was £199,084, as compared with £233,451 last year. The Under-Treasurer ex plains that it was in November last I.ear that the £50,000 released from the Sugar Bonuses Trust Account was made available, As there was no such windfall this-year the difference in the Commonwealth payments was more than accounted for. In the State ,in come there was a shortage in excise (which includes probate) of £20,792 and in miscellaneous items a falling off of Z5982; while there was anl ilcrease of £10,381 in the railway revenue, and of £3100 in the item "fees." Com menting on the returns, )r Bent re marked that he found that for the five months just expired the total revenue was £2,876,443, or only £7916 more than for the same period last year. . The laying asido'of the Taxation Bill by the South Australian Legislative Council L La reauce? the anticipated revenue by 1\. £40,000. The Government will therefore introdncea bill: indicating-an increase of income tax without the land tax which was L obnoxious to the Legislative Council; A somewhat sensational bolting accident occurred at Rokewood last Thursday. A buggy and pair, belonging to Mr Cane, of Cressy, were standing at the post oflice, with another lorse that was. being led. While Mr Cane was attending to the last, named the pair were startled, and dashed off through the: yard of the Rokewood hotel, thence out over the cricket ground Stothe common near the old Hanlon No. 2; The pace was furious, and the buggy was turned upside down and:rediced to frag im nte. A valuable dog.:was tied inthe ehicle and it tried to get- out, but waas F kled Thehdrocleu ziped without ijury. | 