THE?. LAND, QUESTION. Whatever. be :tie result of General Booth's inmligration proposals-and they seem to gave fizzled but for the present at least-they have hal the effect of riitetting public attention upon. the land question. We have for some time past been coming to the opinion that a well thought-out scheme of land settlement and in tense cultivation, such as the Bent Ministry is seeking to effect, will rid. us of most" of our economic troubles. Anid, as a noessary corollary, it :will chelk the raIsh and m;schievous designs of the toeialist extremists. Mr. Tom1 Mann, who now claims that he is "no longer on his own," but has "an organising committee be hind him," has started a feesh cam paig in in Victoria for securing the land andi natonalising it on purely communiistic linlies. All the oldh fami liar, threadbare doctrines of "com pmeatton"-or, in plain parlance, "confiscation"--arc dished tip new:; and the people are invited to secure potssebsion of (very acre ol. ground in the State. Thereafter, we gather, a communistic settlement would he tried, with results as pitiable as those which overtook the fifty com munistic experiments made during the last century. But if the Bent Ministerial intentions are carried out the idle clamour of the Socialists and Conmunists will he effectively silenced. We shall see a kind of Danish or French peasantry dis tributed throughout Victoria ; and every prosperous settler will repre sent another nail in the coffin of the laud-taxer. I-e would doubtless he toldh tht li he iould' be exempt, but he would never know when his time might couse to share with the rest of: tlhe lan!.owners' the intolerable burden of aland;ftax. All his in torests, in shortw"ou'd operate to makle him i a v gorous opponent of the land f x ;: andincidentally they wouild arouse in him a ',ttrioLic de sire to exercise his poli0-i.1 :ll'g mnst at the polls. Hitherto his political indifferentism has teen a disgrace to himself and a menace to the community, since it has enabled the well organised Labor class min oity in the cities and towns to hdominate the political situation. We begin" now to realise the truth of Dr. Victor ,Clark's. statement that "so soonas'. thie riral producers and land-owners awake to the ne rssity of political organisation, the Labor Soo:alist cause in the Common vwealth - will he a spent cause." Looked at broadly, it seems as if Victoria, after years of patient waiting, is on a fair way to thau gurate a reew era of productive ex pansion and industrial Wealth. And that will be the death-blow to the "land- grabbing" policy of the fano (ul Socialist extroemists. 