;\ MELBOURNE LETTER. [By Our Special Correspondent.] ' The slow progress of public business, and the repeated 'scenes in Parliament' dur ing the past fortnight, have revived the old complaint that Federal Ministers have bitterly disappointed the hopes formed of ? ' * Federation ; and that, if the vote\ for Fe deration were retaken to-morrow, It would be rejected by an overwhelming majority. These expressions of opinion need examin ation. The mere fact that such views are persistently possible as a consequence of +T»q ?ni~ili/»T71 *m* Qflmimc+.roftAn rvf AT 1T»iRi'Prs is bad; but clearly a distinction ought to be drawn between Federation and its Minis ters ; between the principle iand its appli cation. From the first it was seen that it would be impossible to please every State and every elector: that the people would . have to give and take ; that many trials and difficulties would have to be overcome in connection with the early working of Federation; and every right-thinking per son should be prepared to make a generous allowance for the errors of judgment of their administrators, acting in good faith during the first Federal stages. _.lhen again, we not only distinguish between the essence of Federation and the administra tion of Ministers, but, we further discrim inate between their mistakes and their policy. Unfortunately, their policy seems thus far to have been one long series of mistakes and blunders which may well pro voke disgust; but- it is Ministers, and not the Commonwealth Constitution, who must be blamed. Moreover, in a wider sense, the people are themselves largely to blame ' for failing to cleanse their legislative halls of the political sycophants and hangers-on .who have held up the Commonwealth to the ridicule and contempt; of an amazed world. But even admitting all these facts, the ideal of Federation has not been de stroyed, nor can it reasonably be claimed that 'Federation is a failure.' It is mere ly a misuse of Federal opportunities, the remedy for which lies ultimately with the Sovereign People at the ballot box. That impossibilities were expected from Federa tion is abundantly manifest. Perhaps the * most singular was the notion that the Commonwealth would have some revenue ? apart from that of the States, upon which old expenditure could be shifted and new ' expenditure imposed without involving ex tra contributions- from the States concern ed. Thus all the States at one time reck oned upon the Federal Government paying for States' property taken over with the departments, and gravely discussed the bast means of utilising the money. Some of them do so even yet. It never occurred to them that if the Commonwealth borrow ed, the money the people of J:he States: — who are also the citizens of the Common wealth—would have to repay the loan. The same blunder inspires Westralia with the wild desire to sink £6,000,000 in a stupid desert railway project ; and fires New South Wales with a determination to insist on the immediate building of a useless captal n the wilderness. No one asks where the money is to come from; and though in the case of Westralia and New South Wales, each State stands to make a cons:derable profit by the expenditure of Federa1 funds within its borders, it overlooks the fact that even in that case the people of the State will have to defray a- port.on of the unprofitable expenditure. It is time that on the whole, ^there is not much occasion for cheery optimism go far as the present Federal Parliament is concerned; it has shown itself absolutely unworthy of the people's confidence by reason of its sloth, its . ?eternal intrigue for office and emolument, and its glaring incapacity to deal with ur gent national needs. Bub those faults are . on the surface, and will in due time be rec tified; and thereafter Federation will prove ? itself an unqualified success. »**?»* .. It has frequently been insisted that the .first step towards the prevention of trade frauds which injure the health and rob the pockets of the people is to empower the Customs authorities to stop fraudulent ar ticles from being imported and sent into .. consumption. The local maker who is guil .ty of nefarious practices with the object of competing against either imported or lo cally made products must, of course, be severely dealt with; but h's case is one which primarily concerns the State au thorities. Upon the Federal Government devolves the duty of inaugurating a system, similar to those in force in America, Ger many, France, and other progressive coun tries, by which the importer who tries to introduce articles of a fraudulent or hurt ful character is punished just as severely as the local maker who tampers with his \- goods to the detriment of the purchasers. The deputation which recently waited upon the Minister of Customs professes to see danger to the importing^ intei-ests of the community if the Federal measure, now be fore the Parliament, should be passed; but Sir Wm. Lyne was very properly insistent that the measure, as a protection against adulterated foods and. medicines imported from abroad, should and would be placed upon the statute-book. Many imported ar ticle's, such as so-called fruit cordial es sences, are not in any way true to their names ; while others, like foreign cured hams, are smothered with so much salicylic or boracic acid as to be positively harmful to the health of the consumer. By require ing a true description of all goods liable to . be sophisticated in this way, and by stopp ing articles of an injurious nature, the ' Customs officials will be enabled to perform an invaluable service to the community. Everyone, except perhaps, the members of i/fre deputation, will admit that in the iab sence of stringent Federal legislation, all' the old evils and dangers to public health will remain practically unchecked. It is of comparatively small use for the States' health authorities to exert themselves for the protection of the public against the lo cally made adulterated articles, if the Fe deral Customs officers possess no powers to stop the importation of foreign adulterated prduccs. Of course, the old bogey of 'State rights' is raised once more as an objection to the Federal measure . But that objection may be dismissed at once, since the bill does not in any sense inter fere with the rights and duties of the vari ous States' Parliaments to prohibit the sale anH manufacture of locally adulterated ar ticles. It is just possible that the bill may ue sent- on to a special committee tor in quiry and report, before it is finally passed by the FedeialLegis'ature; but seeing that the whole subject is one of such complex ity and vital importance to the community, such a course seems eminently desirable. No doubt, some delay would thus be occa sioned ; but we should be reasonably cer tain of securing a thoroughly comprehensive and workable enactment as compensation for such delav. « ' ? ?» » » Whatever may be the ultimate result of criticism upon our national scheme of de fence, there can be no doubt that the fail ure to make proper provision for encourag ing the Rifle Club movement has been a blunder. It would seem, however, that the patriotic appeal which Lord Roberts re cently made to the Empire, at home and beyond the seas, for 'nationalisation of the rifle' has not been altogether lost upon Federal legislators-. Mere perfunctory efforts at encouraging the rifle club movement, says the veteran commander, will not suffice —the path of_ thoroughness can alone en ab'e the Empire to reach security against aggression. Ifc is worthy of note that Can ada, Natal, and other British dependencies have already shown then- appreciation of the altered conditions of modern warfare by encouraging the rifle movement with zeal and promptitude. It would be strange if Great Britain and Australia should be smitten with the paralysis of indifference and neglect. America, too% has grasped the significance of Lord Robert's advice, and expects to have the material for a force of more than a million expert citizen rifle men in a few years. Moreover, we must bear in mind that here, in close proximity to Australian shores, we have a Japanese army, equal in extent, whose accuracy in marksmanship has successfully ' stood the test of war, Again, it has repeatedly been pointed out- that the expanse and diversity of our country, the difficulty of moving large bodies of men from place to place, and the trouble which an invader would experience in _ inducing a pitched, battle against our will, are circumstances which enhance a hundredfold the value we sho^d place upon our skill as riflemen, individual ly and collectively. The first Napo^on used to say that he saw a hundred ways by which an invading army could get into England— but he could not see a single way out. And it is equally certain that, although there may be as many ways by which an aggressor could enter Australia, his chance of getting out of it would be remote if only we had 100,000 expert rifle shots in arms. And as time advances, and our riflemen reach tenfold the' num ber, this young Commonwealth would be reasonably secure against the territorial greed and ambitions of other nations, whe ther near at hand or more remote. It may be hoped that Ministers will show some practical sincerity and ability in dealing with this vital problem. * * * » « There can be no question of the success of this year's Show. Whether in the num ber and variety of exhibits, the attendance of rural producers and enthusiasts from other States, or in the arrangements made for the comfort and convenience of every one, it is universally declared to be the most successful that has ever been held. The educational influence of this annual gathering can scarcely be over-estimated. It affords our farmers and producers a prac tical acquaintance with the progress and advancement which has been made, and is being made, in all those industries apper taining to the soil : And, thanks to the enterprise of the Minister of Agriculture and the Royal Agricultural Society, our producers have this year been afforded an opportunity of closely inspecting samples of the products which our keenest compe titors from other progressive countries ai'e successfully placing on the British mar kets. We begin to realise that, however excellent the quality of our Australian pro ducts may be, our aim must be to present them to the British consumer in such an attractive and entkr'ng form as to en sure a ready demand and sale for them. That is a lesson which the phenomenal suc cess of Danish and Canadian and American products on the London market enforces; and it is encouraging to note the Victorian Department of Agriculture is determined to take the fullest advantage of it in the future by familiar'singour own farmers and producers with the business methods of' their trade and commercial rivals. Then again, Show Week has its distinctive pe rennial charm in the meeting of old friends from the various rural districts throughout the State ; while, from the city trades folks' point of vie w, it has the ladded importance of circulating some much-needed money, and helps to lessen the financial burdens of Melbourne shopkeepers, who, of late, have found the prreatest difficulty in mak ing ends meet. But perhaps the most im portant feature of Show Week cons'sts in the occasion which it affords for confer ences of rural representatives, at which questions .of vital impoii to. our farmers ?' . .j ,.-?..?',. *?.':?'???'??'.-.''.''?'? ?/?'.' ??,'???-. V',-':-- ??:':.? .v -..'? ?' . ? . ;. j _ . _.J!) '. :]. ;.';...: ? ? '?'.' ??? ? \ ? ^-_:iL^-. ? ? ''.' ' ' ' ? ..!——.' and producers are exhaustively discussed and settled. The Minister of Agriculture, and through, him' the Legislature, is thus enabled to get into closest touch with the producers and to ascertain precisely their wants and wishes. Dairy supervision and inspection, agricultural education, railway facilities, the ocean transit of perishable products, commercial representation at the seat of tho Empire, and a number of other pressing problems will be dealt with; and as the Scate Parliament is well ahead of work, it is reasonable to anticipate that the suggestions and resolutions of the rural conferences will subsequently be considered by the Assembly with .a view to giving legis lative and administrative effect to_.them. And if we may assume that the development and expansion of our primary industries is best promo:ed by the intelligent coopera tion of Parliament and the producers them selves then this year's Show Week deliber ations and conferences afford reason for substantial encouragement- and genuine cogratulation. ? ? ? ? ? Whether rightly or wrongly,, the feeling against substituting the system of central ised departmental administration of the Dairy Bill by Government officials for that of local shire administration grows more acute. The Minister of Agriculture insists that the supervision 'must either be uni versal and uniform or he will drop the bill;' but that is an eventuality which, it is hoped, may be avoided by reasonable compromise. The principle of the measure is everywhere accepted as fair, and dairy men have not been slow to attest their appreciation of its main provisions; but they claim, and the Municipal Association has formulated their claim, that where it is shown that shire inspection can be, and is, carried on more economically and effi ciently, it would be highly undesirable in every sense to substitute Government in spection. They suggest that the efforts of the new Dairies' Board, to be constitut ed under the statute, should be limited to securing improved sanitary methods where the worst conditions now prevail ; and with that object they would divide the municipa lities into three distinct classes. First, those in which the inspection by the local shires is efficient and approved by the Board, and which should remain unaffec ted by the act. Next, those in which there is 'a fairly efficient system, though not up to the approved standard.' In these they urge «that local supervision should continue 'for a probationary period to be fixed by the Board;' and if, at the expira tion of that period, the local supervision is shown to be equal to all requirements, it should continue. And finally, those in which 'there is no system, or, if any, not such as the Board deems satisfactory or efficient.' In these. Government inspec tion would at once be undertaken. It is possible that Mr. Swinburne may accept the first and last of these suggestions, with some slight modifications; though, on the other hand, the Australian Butter and Cheese Factories' Association — an influen tial body, by the way— is opposed to any suchlimitation or restriction of the original provisions of Mr. Swinburne's bill. Upon this the President of the Association has some pertinent remarks to make. Mana gers, says he, have watched with disgust the present system of inspection. Numer ous instances can be brought to light .where one shire has inspectors, and its neighbor none. The milk and cream from the fatter are treated in the factories of the for mer, with the worst possible results. This, says he. is like the farmer who is trying to rid his holding of noxious weeds, while his immediate neighbor allows them to multiply and disseminate their seeds over the holding of the industrious man. The same reasoning, he urges, applies to the quality of cheese or butter ; the cleanly man's product is spoiled and his legitimate profits reduced in consequence. But if the present measure be passed, the factory manager will find his 'lot easier, his article better, and the resultant prices will give the producer a handsome profit ; a fraction of a penny per lb. will mean many thou sands of pounds returned to the State.' ****?» Cigarette smoking by juveniles must and shall be stopped, says Premier Bent in characteristic fashion ; and we are assured that so soon as the new measure to that end ha-? been placed on the statute book, the police will be instructed to rigorously enforce its provisions. The example of ot her countries has, in fact, set our legisla tors and philanthropists thinking. In England, for instance, the movement which was some time since started by influential professional and lay men, lias met with considerable success; and it is even hinted that cigarette-smoking mny ultimately cease even amongst adults, who are beg'n ning to realise its pernicious results. In America, ;too, an Isvevteral tetat^es of the Union, not only is juvenile smoking pun ished summarily as an offence, but tho commercial houses, we are told, ''refuse to entertain the application for employment by person? who are addicted to the cigar ette habit.' Moreover, only two years ago, the Canadian Legislature went. so far as to entirely prohibit the importation or manufacture of cigarettes; so that even the adult must now roll his own cigarette if his appetite for tobacco takes that form. There can be no doubt, from the abundance of world-wide testimony, that cigarette smoking, especially for youngsters, is highly injurious. In Melbourne it is quite cus tomary to see nir-pors of nine years, and oven under, pulling away at Chinese 'four a penny smokes.' and defilino; the pavement with saliva which Nature design ed for quite other purposes.. Does anyone need to be reminded of the evil effects? And has not thn State, in its quasiparen tal office, a well defined duty. to protect those little ones against their own thought less folly? The law takes care to guard them against indulgence in liquor, and yet, as a leading medical man puts it, 'the Legislature indirectly encourages the sale of cigarettes which do far more injury to their mental and physical faculties than has ever been wrought by liquor sold over the counter to them.' We are, of course, met with the old plea that a prohibitive enactment could not be enforced without undue hardship upon the tobacconist. And yet the same plea might very well be rais ed by the licensed victualler, or by the pawnbroker who is prohibited under se vere penalty from dealing with juveniles 'apparently under the age of 15 years.' The bill before the State Parliament has been carefully drafted and well considered by members ; and there is certainly no rea- ~ son to believe that its rigorous enforcement will work any hardship whatever. The evil as Mr. Bent recognises, is unquestionably on the increase ; it is sapping the health and constitution of the rising, generation; it is encouraging and perpetuating a con dition of acute neurasthenia, and, unless. it is effectively stopped, many other serious troubles must inevitably follow. Indeed, it is becoming customary to pleacl 'cigarette smoking' in mitigation of criminal offen ces committed by juveniles, who, in conse quence of it, are declared to be. 'not res ponsible for their actions.' » * * . » . »? No one doubts that the centre of the world's politics and trade is steadily shift ing eastward. The Pacific and not the At latic or the Mediterranean will be the field of great events in the future. In this view the 'Chinese boycott' already noticed in this column, may well demand immedi ate attention. It is rather rashly assumed that Federal legislators will be content to accept whatever policy British statesmen may think fit to adopt in reference to the removal or modification of our restrictive^ legislation against the Chinese and Japan ese immigration into the Commonwealth. But, at all events, the Australian Stales may shortly 'be faced with the alternaave of a repeal or modification of their legisla tion or an entire loss of the Far Eastern ' Trade. Clearly, it is not a Mibject.vhirh \ J can be lightly passed over by l(--nslatoi'ii whose attention stems mau-lv devoted: to bitter party wrangling and bicu.e ?.»;?.; A few facts will make the situation c;,esr«!i\ For example, nearly two -thirds of the po pulation of the e^-th inhabit the \;Jarr?s washed by the Pacific, and the growing ,to reign trade of Asia wii', in a . fow ytars, reach the value of some hundreds of mil lions of sterling. China, it is said', will in less than a decade become the richest market in the world, with unlimited wealth ? and prestige to the nation .that control its development. As commercial, supre macy is the basis of national jrroatness in the present age, it is manifest that .the country which gains pride of placa. on that market will be the greatest : a inong'j fa the world's republics and empires. During the progress of the Manchurian war we -had more than one official hint respecting the future of the Pacific. An awakened Ja pan, with its regenerating influence, upon China, marked the beginning of an sinni gamated Mongolian Asia, which ehouli ul timately defy or over-ride all competing powers. We were warned, by the inspired press at Tokio, that the Australian, 'po- licy of exclusion would in due time be challenged or combated ;' and, in the. treat ment of the United States by the Chinese 'Hongs' we see the methods which may ultimately be adopted for, 'challengipg.bi- combating' our immigration restriction po licy. We cannot afford, of course, to dis cuss this question in any spirit of stupid jingoism; nor would Federal legislators be ', guilty of any such indiscretion. It would be better, perhaps, to ascertain precisely what the British Foreign Office proposes, before discussing the 'compromise' which, says a London correspondent, may shortly affect, and affect seriously, Australia 'and New Zealand. * ? ? ? ? ? i . ? ? ? The Federal High Court has finally set tled the question as to who is an 'employ- er within the meaning of the Victorian Factories Act. The Full Court, in the case of Martin v. Beath, Schiess and Co., had defined it in a manner which was not only contrary to good sense and sound reason, but which had a serious effect on many hundreds of outside workers who were promptly thrown out of employment. The facts seem worth recapitulation.. Our large city warehouses, such as Boath, Schiess, and Co., do not themselves make np their suitings, dresses, and wearing apparel, huh hand them out for the purpose, at a fixed rate per garment, to 'registered factories' under the Act. The 'registered factory' is required to comply with the wages provi sions and freneral condit:ons of labour spe cified in the statute. In the case under review, Martin, the 'registered factory.' did not comply with those conditions,, but entered into separate and independeTit ar rangements with third parties to make up the garments nt 'sweated' rates. And for this breach of the statute, Beath, Schiess and Co., who had no knowledge ,of, and were in no sense privy to the arrange ment were fined by the justices; while, on appeal, the Full Court unheld the convic tion. The result was, of . course, serfous and far-reaching. Tt entailed the closing down of the small 'registered factories.'' since no wholesale house would run the risk of handing out work, the execution of which it could not possibly superintend or control, and in which if thoro were anv breach of the statute, the warehouse would run the risk of a heavy penalty. Either the warehouse must make up the garment?) itself, or import them ready m,ade up ; and it chose the latter course, tliie adding lame ly to the already swollen ranks of tytoU bourne's unemployed. The Chief Secre tary declares that he never entertain . ,ed the view which the Full Court expressed, \ ? and that he piirposed introducing amend-: . ' ing legislation into the Assembly. Fortu , nately, that step will not be- accessary , seeing. that, for once in a while, the High Court. Judges seem to have beeii guided by business sense rather than musty and stu ,'pid 'legal ;precedent and authority.' The Anti-Sweating League, however, appear to have discovered a defect in the law, no far as the small 'registered factories' are con cerned. It urges that, if the principle laid , down by the High Court be pushed to Ms logical conclusion, the small 'registered ,, factories' would not be responsible for ' \ ,the offences of 'independent and naregis ? Wed third parties,' and it suggests, there fore that the statute should be further amended so as to prohibit the handing cut of such work to these 'independent and un registered' employers. 