^HE STRUTTER'S PAGE.^ The Week's Programme. Commencing Saturday. Centenary Hall— Phelan's Electric Biograph. Criterion— Beauty and the Barge. Exhibition Building— The Columbian Skating Rink. Royal— A Woman of Pleasure. Queen's Hall — Smith's Vaudeville Company. ; Tivoli— Rickards' Vaudeville Company. Centenary Hall— The Big Biograph continues to pro duce Big Pictures, lor the most part new and refreshing. It also continues ; to draw good houses. The fact is that Sydney, like most other large cities, has a large percentage of people who do not care to visit the theatres, but who are always ready to patronise any good, clean family show that comes along. They get that now at the York-street hall. The Criterion— In The Bulletin some green and witless person is permitted week after week to sneer at Beauty and the Barge, and especially at its second act— its chief prop and stay. Well, Jacobs' and Parker s is not a costume play, and the second act provides no hints for milliners, but had it no other merits it would commend itself to students of things histrionic because of its splendid technique. And, as we have already said, it adds a new picture to a gallery which contains rather many replicas. And, speaking of that second act, Messrs. Higson, Coutis, Potts, Wilson, and Harris deserve notice for their impersonation ot the fresh water mariners who make things hum at the Old Ship. By the way, The Bulletin expresses a desire to have some variety business introduced into this play. Well, Mr. Brough gives a few steps on one occasion, just as an indication of his affability', but not enough to reduce the show to the level of musical-comedy — apparently what The Bulletin hankers after. At the time^of writing Beauty and the Barge, is doing $uch tremendous busi ness that it seems likely to run out the Sydney season. ? The Royal— The revival of A Woman of Pleasure has proved a good drawing card for M r Anderson, and it should do payable business, unlit 14th October, when it will be rep|acecl by the' dramatisation of Thunderbolt's adventures., Willard's play, in a prologue and four acts with 15 scenes, is chiefly remarkable, however, for its fine stage setting, and Mr. Rege Robins is to be congratulated, especially on the beauty of his farmyard set. The humour of this melodrama is so-newhat strained, it panders to prejudices not so popular now as they were some years ago, and the conduct of the villain is most inexplicable. But there is a good deal of action in the later scenes, with much firing of guns, and the introduc tion of cows, carts, coaches, dray horses, buggy horses, , ponies,, and troop-horses have an extraordinary fascination on the stage for people who never give them a glance at other time's. Of course, such great sensations as the taking of Mafe king, the balloon ascent, and the sinking of the burning ship in mid-ocean suffici ently, atone with modern audiences for the most heinous of dramatic offences. The) Earl of Carlingford, played man fully by George Cross, has the most of the chances. Next in importance comes the Countess— invested with charm by Eugenie Duggan. Laurence Dunbar grapples stoutly with Major Burrows, an incomprehensible villain, and the Reverend Goddard is played sympa thetically by Edmund Duggan. Bert Bailey is badly suited, and all the other characters are somewhat sketchy. After hearing one of the lady performers say : 11 If you don't send me a kyble you need never look on my fice agyne,' we have nothing to say in defence of Australian language. The company has been strengthened by the inclusion of that sterling actor, Stirling Whyte, and a clever child named Lorna Sinclair. The Queen's Hall Frank Smith's company is giving an entirely new programme at the Pitt street temple of variety. The company has been greatly, strengthened by the engagement of Lily Williamson, the serio and dan?er : the Gaiety Four, the West Australian team of ballerinas and balladists ; and Percy Raleigh, juggler, conjuror, and equilibrist. Ada and Ted MISS M4GGIE STIRLING, AT THE TOWN HALL, Silveni are doing a smart trapeze and contortion turn. The Queensland Night ingale, Miss Adelaide Kingsley, has re appeared, and everything in the garden is lovely. The Tivoli— , George Bentley is singing Starve Her, Joe, Austin Rudd's smart parody on Navaho. Maud Faning appears to have lost that liquid break in her voice, which was once so thrilling in its lower transitions. At a recent matinee, a sunny-haired gallery kid yelped to . Sayles so incessantly ' Go over for me 1' that Irving at length went over and promptly lamed himself in consequence. Beatrice, the lady with the many Diamonds, of whom Charles, the harpist, is one, is a prime favorite. As for Les Brunin, Madame looks lovely in each of her three costumes, but when least adorned she is adorned the most. Olga Pennington is not so little as the pro gramme made us anticipate. She is the only one of Sydney's recent clever child performers who does not dance. Manly Water Chute— The Manly Chute was reopened with a loud splash on Saturday last by Mr. Lou de Groen. The Vice-Regal Mili tary Band played an attractive pro gramme of music, and Mr. Aduanna was daring enough to shoot the chute on his bike. The toboggan and the numerous side shows were well patron ised, and the Chute seems to be due for a prosperous season. On Eight Hour Day. the Chute was open at night also, and a great crowd enjoyed the fun. Sydney Symphony Orchestra — The fates seem to have conspired against the Sydney Symyhony Orchestra on its first appearance, last Saturday night, at the Lyceum. The programme contained just the proper blending of high-class and popular music, and the orchestra is an excellent one — stronger in some directions than any recently heard here. Yet the ordinary public and the music lovers alike stayed away, and we very much fear that the Orches tra will lose all the time and money spent in copying out band parts and in studying and rehearsing. We hear a good deal about the Union Label. Now here was a show that had the Union brand all over it, and yet there did not seem to be one unionist in the building \ who paid tor his seat ! Among the num bers rendered by the o*ch«stra wers Auber's overture to his opera Crown Diamonds, a Strauss waltz, Rossini's overture to the Barber of Seville, a selec tion from The Gondoliers, Sousa's Star* and Stripes for Ever. Mr. Henry Weir sang 'Total Eclipse,' from Handel's '., Samson, so finely that he was heartily (; encored, and sang Barnard's ' Love and Hope.' The Misses Collins, of Bris bane, are a decided acquisition to the local concert platform. Miss May Col lins gave an excellent rendering of the Flower song from Faust, an acting song which suffers by detachment from stage effects ; and Miss Ethel Collins was en cored for a sympathetic presentation of Goddard 's ?? Angels Guard Thee.' Such a programme, so rendered, should have filled even the Town Hall at 2s and is. Percy Grainger earns high praise, as composer as well as executant, from French authorities. It is just possible that Nellie Stewart will return to the Cape at an early date. She badly wants a new play. An Adelaide paper states that audi ences there do not relish melancholy plays of the East Lynne stamp. An Adelaide contemporary doubts if Australia ever saw the equal, as an act ress, of Nellie Stewart. Oh, go hon ! The late W. H. Paling made his first appearance as a violinist in Sydney at the Royal Hotel, on 29th September, 1855. Williamson's programmes say that he went on the stage at 16. M'Kee Rankin once stated that J. C. W. began life as a butcher-boy. The Moody-Manners Opera .Company pays tenor choristers 45s per week, bari tones and basses 42s 6d, sopranos and contraltos 37s 6d per week, with addi tional pay when choristers take small parts. According to a New Zealand contem porary, the RoUos, Charles and Laura, are Charles Taylor, junior, and Laura Roberts, sister to Harry Roberts, now in America. The RoUos showed for a very brief season at the Tivoli. Cornelia PrielJe, a Hungarian actress, aged 82, has been locked up because she wanted to marry a young poet They would also have locked up the poet, had he not been blinded to her age by the golden radiance of her great wealth. That eminent theatrical authority the Dady Telegraph says that Sarah Bern hardt recently played Adrienne Lecou vreur in England. We should not care to say how many years she has been producing that play, which she pre sented to Australian audiences in 1891. She must have played it in London bi annually during the last 20 years or so. They have been running special trains from Manchester to Wyndham's The atre, London, to see Mouillott and Parry's play, What the Butler Saw— the latter writer being a celebrity in Cottonopolis. The cost of motor-cars fro-n St. Pancras to the theatre, supper, motor cars back to the station, and re turn railway fares are included in the cost of the ticket The late John Leveson was a fellow of infinite jest. Some time ago when a well-known lawyer was the lessee of Sydney Opera House he ran it on his own with a show which was mainly pat ronised by deadheads, and he was even tually glad to close the theatre on the pretext that it required to be renovated. Meeting John Leveson just then he re marked, ' I merely closed the theatre in order to have it painted.' 'Yes, said John, pointedly, ' but you were ? papering ' it thoroughly for some time before you shut down.' The humorous and intelligent Univer sity students of Sydney pelted with oranges the other evening some of their conferes who were at the time occupied as players in The School for Scandal at the Palace Theatre. With this for a cue, writes Valentine Day: 'I remem ber. some- 35 years ago seeing Joseph Eldred's company in the Princess of Trebizonde. In one scene, the retired juggler — 'there is no deception1 — jug- gles with the fruit and dishes on the sup per table. Thereupon some wild lads, of whom I was one, let fly a fusila'de of oranges which made the pasteboard plates and goblets fly, shouting, ' here is some real fruit for you and no deception,' I had thought we were more civilized, nowadays.' Madame Albani denies that she in tends to retire. Alice Hollander is again singing at the British music halls. Ambrose Manning, once with Wilson Barrett, plays Pierre Micbu with Daly. Haddon Chambers' musical play is called My Flame — music by Bernard Rolt. Ella Shields, the American soubrette, has made a hit in England with coon songs. Alma Gray, our little Sydney girl, gets good notices for her dancing in the Bri tish papers. The time is about ripe for a revival of Tom Taylor's Lady Clancarty. Nellie Stewart might try it. Enigmarelle, the new mechanical figure, has been driving a four-horse vehicle in London streets. Hackenschmidt beat Pedersen, the Danish wrestler, at Liverpool Hippo drome, in icjmin 8secs, for £ioo a side. Cicely Richards, Thomas Kingston, and William Farren, jun., have joined Olga Nethersole for her American tour. Katharine Pole, leading lady of the Sass-Nelson Company, is to marry Mayor Goch, of Johannesburg, in November. A boy named Murphy fell from the gallery into the pit at Blackpool Palace, a distance of 60 feet. He was merely cut and bruised. Melbourne Town Hall is about to get a new organ. It was high time ; such an antiquated kist o' whustles is seldom met in a new country. Most Australians who have visited London lately declare that the Coliseum is a very fine music-hall, but that its show is terribly dull. Adelaide Royal continues to undergo alterations and improvements. It is curious how some buildings, which badly need destruction by fire, provi dentially escape. Maud Jeffries charges a half-crown for her autograph — eighteenpence more than Julius Knight. She sends the cash to the Distressed Actors' Fund, as does Robert Brough with his autograph money. Alfred Hollins, the blind organist, who visited Sydney about two years ago, and who was such a favourite, is now playing at St. George's Free Church, Edinburgh, which has one of the finest choirs in the kingdom. George W. Le'derer says that he jumped Edna May out of the chorus to play lead in The Belle ot New York not because of her singing or acting, but be cause she made an exquisite picture as the Salvation Lassie. This season the Moody-Manners Com pany includes Fanny Moody, Clementine de Vere Sapio, Zelie de Lussan, Enri quetta Crichton, Joseph O'Mara, Wil son Pembroke, John Child,. William Dever, Charles Magrath, and Charles Manners. Of these artists, three are known in Australia, but we would gladly hear them all. Musgrove might bring them along to Australia. They have been to South Africa. The other day The Newsletter had a paragraph about R. B. Smith, the whilom Oxford-street watchmaker,, whose model of the Strasburg clock was such a big draw. Smith writes the Evening Neivs \ to claim that he invented lone, the illu sion lately shown here by Thurston, and in New Zealand by Curtis. He has also '. invented the illusion of the flying motor car, in which a lady is seated. He has patented in America his Sydney inven tion of a trilaphone speaker for the phonograph, which trebles its power. He has also invented a magazine phono graph, which will use six records right on end without re-adjustment. Pullford, once manager of the Observer, Auckland, persisted in holding the apple on his head at a William Tell private display given by Colonel Isaac Putnam, the famous American pistol shot. But Pullford got nervous and bobbed up just as the Colonel fired, with the result that the bullet furrowed his scalp and created a superficial wound. The shock was so severe to his nerves that, says the Ob server, he was never quite the same after wards. By the way, the Colonel was for some years doorkeeper at the Parra matta Asylum, but he came into money not long ago and sailed for his native land. The D'Oyley Carte Repertory Com pany is touring Great Britain with The Pirates of Penzance, Trial by Jury, Iolanthe, Patience, The Mikado, The Gondoliers, and The Yeoman of the Guard. It is said that Mario Majeroni, now with the Nance O' Neil Company, is about to visit America. Brother George Majeroni is now with the Tittell Brune Company, resting in Sydney until the J.P. crowd get through. The Bayreuth custom, of closing the doors against late comers when the cur tain rises on a Wagnerian opera, is spreading. Munich has adopted it. Why not Sydney? One must civilise the wealthy lower orders somehow 1 Melancthon Burton Spurr's life has just been published. It was written by his brother, H. A. Spurr, author of 'Bachelor Ballads' and 'A Cockney in Arcadia.' Spurr was born in York shire in 1852 and began life as a solicitor. The Syndic of Venice has written to the British Consul asking if a civic sub scription from the Lady of Lagoons to the Shakespeare Memorial Fund would be welcome. He concludes in the fol lowing terms : — ' Our city owes a parti cular debt of gratitude to the great dramatist, for no poet has sur rounded Venice with so much of the fascination of ooefrv as Shakespeare. and none has been able to present her so great, so beautifully, or so powerfully to universal admiration.' R. G. Knowles fills four pages in the Music Hall Review with a statement, in large letters, that when he said the : second audience on the two-shows-a-night system did not care to listen to intelli gent material, he was not sneering at all audiences, nor at his late managers, nor brother and sister artists. He also has a go at Oswald Stoll, of the Coliseum, who said that Knowles was leaving the Music-hall for the Music . hall's good, and who called him a vulgar perron. Knowles is not leaving the music-hall. He is engaged, at £200 a week, for the Palace, Manchester, and by Warner and Co., and by Cochran, at similar rates. -tSir Henry Irving replying to a cor respondent who wrote to him to ask i whether, in this season of Hamlets, he , had any views to offer on the tragedy of special interest to playgoers, says it is only possible, in such a brief commen ' tary as the occasion offers, again to em phasize the one deep note in the play which sounds through all the discords of fate, love, and ambition. ' This note is Hamlet's profound affection for his father. In no literature is there any filial devotion which surpasses that It is outraged by the beloved father's mur der and by the mother's frailty ; it is tor tured by doubt and irresolution ; it is the motive and cue for the passion which wrecks Ophelia's hopes and ruins her life. If we do not bear this in mind, Hamlet's interview with the unhappy girl becomes inexplicable, and may easily be assigned to that insanity which is the simplest but most unsatisfactory solution of the problem.' Coghlan's intending immigrants want ? to bring in their furniture free of duty. The Commonwealth admits an arrival's turmture tree up to £50. ? ; A bargain is about to be made between raen.and woman, it is said. The latter will give up corsets and high-heeled shoes if the former will give up pipes and tobacco. Britain seems to have played a big card in securing a new treaty with Japan which practically hems any invader on Asian peace between the two powers, operating from India on one side and China on the other, and backed by the two finest fleets of the world. The town of Cardiff, Wales, recently was attacked by millions of foreign flies, brought by a south wind. Such was the severity of their sting, especially along the water front, that the docks were deserted, and all people who could shut themselves within doors did so. Crosland, in his ' Wild Irishman,' says in one place that half Ireland wants Home Rule and the other half is opposed to it. In another chapter he says that the Orangemen number less than 10 per cent, of the Irish population. In yet another chapter he says that the Irish never meant separation when they asked for Home Rule. Crosland is a reckless writer. 