VICTORIA. The Melbourne Cricket Club has approved of the committee's proposal to borrow £10,000 on deben tures to carry out improvements at a costof £15,000,' and admit of 1000 new members being accepted. The export of dressed poultry from Victoria is as suming considerable prop rtions. During August over ten tons of frozen tr.i-lieys wero shipped So Lou don. The exporters paid the breeders fid per lb live weight. At a conference of horsebrecdert1, Mr. Swinburne, Minister for Agriculture, said that tho Government proposed to spend .£5000 to encourage stock breed ing, and ho promised t3 consider a proposal to sub sidise horse-breeding through the medium of agricultural societies in Victoria. An accident happened to Eoy Snapo, an apprentice on board the ship Inveramsoy, bort-hea at VtilliiimR town. He fell from the umzen-uiast, a distanca oi nearly 50ft, to the deck, and sustained a broken leg and arm, while his body was badly battered. He ? subsequently died in the hospital. ! At the Geelong Police Court two Chmese were ' tinod £Uf- each on a charge of smuggling opium. ' At the Victorian agricultural ahow bn Satur- . day 218 Sill-opt, -hive sheep were sold at an aver a;'a ! of £21 7s Gd, which is the world's record. The profit made by the recent Victorian Agri cultural Show .was £11000, compared with £3UOO, made last ycar. Tho Victorian Government has decided to in troduce legislation for settling deserving persona on the lund, based upon tho Danish system. Durglar.s ontored tho promises of Messrs. Thorn and Wilks, gold-buyers, lleiwligo, on Monday night, and stole gold bullion and articles to tho value of £120 Three farmors were each fined £25 t-ach nt Goo long (Vic.) for furnishing false incomo tax re turns, and were also ordered to pay double the amount of the tax. Jnmos Lanyon, secretary to tho local Itechiit.ito Lodge, pleaded guilty at Ballarat to embezzling £400, tho property of tho lodge. Accused was re manded for sentence. The Victorian rremier states that a. tender will be accepted, for tho erection of a central four-story railway station aftor he has finished negotiations with tho brick combine. At the llichmoiid Police Court, James G. M'Kay was committed for trial on a charge of appropriating funds belonging to a local art union, promotod for tho benefit of a -dying mnn and lb« relief of his 'family. At the North Melbourno Court tho magistrate said hp had been informed that thcro was a mem ber of the Senate whoso parent was drawing an old-age pension. Such a thing, he added, was a scundal and a national disgrace. Applications have been granted in Melbourne for a writ of habeas corpus in connection with two Chinosc who are on tho steamer Tsinan und have beon refused permission to land by tho Customs Department. It 'is alleged that the men were formerly residents of tho State, and that they had been oil a visit to China. Tho detectives aro inquiring into another caso of alleged fraud in connection with an art union in Melbourne. It is stated that tho frauds havo been gifing on for years. The amount involved is many thousand pounds. It is further stated that ono of the parties coiicerned left Melbourne, hur riedly, and is supposes to havo gone to Sydney.; John Beckett; who accused himsolf last week in Melbourne 'of ' having killed a man in Tasmania, is still ah inmate of tho gaol huMoital. Tho Gov ernor of tho gaol lias formed the impression that when Beckett made his statement, be was suffer ing from tlio effects of drink, and now that he is recovering lie will 'say no more about the alleged1 crime. r - '' At a meeting of :tlio Victorian Stato;,. Cabinet -a proposal, submitted' by the' Agcnt-Goncrdl, Mr. Taverner, for giving 'encouragement to agricultu ral immigrants, was discussed. The Tunbridgq Wolls (England) Association suggested that tho Victorian Government should set aside 1000 ocres of land suitable for settlement, nnd families would bo. sent out to take up land. The Cabinet ] authorised the Minister of Agriculture, Mr. Swln- j burne, to reply that the Ministers would be pleas- j ed to assist. ' An action for £5000 damages wins brought in the Supreme Court, Melbourne, by Charles Payne, a dairyman, against Bernard Reynolds, civil en gineer. Tho parties went for a drive together, and it was alleged by plaintiff that the horses bolted and throw him out of tlio trap, causing serious injury, . owing to defendant undoing -the throat- strap so that tho winhers fell off the horse. Defendant denied doing so, and Mr. Jus tice Hood said that while Payne deserved smy pathy, his ovidenco was uncorroborated. ' A ver dict was retimed for tho defendant. Dnncors and spectators at tho Scandinavian Masked Ball held in the Town Hall, Melbourne. ,vere greatly alarmed at an accident to an- ap- paratus used in taking the flashlight photograph. Everything wns in readiness for taking tho pic ture at half-past 11, but' when the light was ap plied. tho chemicals, instead of flashing, exploded with a loud report, shattering the apparatus and injuring the photographer's assistant. The explo-. sion brought down a cloud of dirt from the ceil ing. This was cleared tuvay within half-an-hour, and dancing was resumed. The injuries of the ?ihotographer's assistant were not serious. 