SUIMERGID BUSSU. THE IffiNO OF A PEOPLE. PENT UP AND GATHERING FISES. 'Black land, fertile lana- new land, grain land . . the broadly constituted, rich, warm: nature, ... the broad, unlimited expanse which fills the mind with melancholy and hope, ... the incomprehensible, darkly mysteri ous, . , . the womb of new realities and new mysteries, ... Russia and the future.' *lt is thus that a great Danish writer apostro i7uracD iiuoi-«i «uu u«c peopte, seeing in me former e type, «ad even a mould, of the letter in its ever yearning to bear and to bring forth a deep, rich soli, which file active element, the intelligence of Russia, young ana old, with the fiery faith of youth and the passivity of Russian heroism, is preparing and cultivating for the hour of Jts emancipation. We in England, who have so long been accustomed to the political rivalry and antagonism of ttie Russian Empire, have seldom realised that such a relationship touches less than one-tenth of the Russian people. And yet, surely, It would seem a moral impossibility that the enormous bulk of the lat ter will indefinitely remain in subjection to ^n autocratic minority, however absolute l£6 power. It ie, in fact, because we cannot imagine the future of Russia uncoloured- by a great suffu^ Eion of popular influence that the character of the Russian people to matter of importance to us. From every house of bondage there is an exodus, for all the oppressed i day of deliver ance. The only question for Russia, and, in deed, for the whole world, is the time and man ner of its comine. A threefold strangeness meets the traveller on the very threshold of Russia: a language, whose rich soft melody is like no vocal sounds tfcfit ere heard in Western Europe; en alphabet of . wide compass, whose points of resemblance to our . own are, in many instances, -Hverg«it in significance; and a com putation of time which forces one to realise that in stepping across the Russian frontier oce Is placing twelve whole days behind the civilisation of Southern and Western Europe. Tt would be well ,lf those twelve days repre sented the whole measure 'of Russian backward ness in the scale of tte world's civilisation. INTELLECTUAL LIFE OF RUSSIA. The intellectual life of Russia may be said to be centred at St. Petersburg and Moscpw. And yet as much as one- third of the popula tion of the former cannot read or write. More over, its death rate stands so high that its inhabitants, suffering a loss of one or two thou sand a year, would die out, but for constant im migration. Most o£ the women have chlorosis. The climate compels them to sit too much in doors. The water is scarcely drinkable, and the food bad. Barley-bread, cabbage, soup, and porridge are the food of the poorer people, despite the fact that the temperature requires snore nutritious food than in England. Also the national drinks, tea, kvas, and vodka, do not possess the nutriment of German pr Eng lish beers. Consequently in St. Petersburg anaemia is to be met with everywhere. THE PEASANT'S LIFE. Winter is the characteristic 'season in Rus sia. It stamps the whole life and character of the people. While the higher classes turn the I winter night into day, the peasant, immured in tis hut with doors and windows carefully clos ed, lights a blazing pine torch and huddles close to the great stove, on the top of which, with his whole family, and with all his clothes on, including his sheepskin, he sleeps at night. As a matter of fact, lie only undresses on Sat urday, when he takes his Russian bath; after which he dons his sheepskin and his vermin again. The lack of proper food in jruch a climate ; has made his blood thin and his temperament i nervous. Passivity or inertia, a profound I sluggishness, has become a fundamental trait, | tempered by generations of oppression into a j stolidity capable of the strangest ,inanifesta- j tions. It is clearly visible in the absence of j any popular sports. The Englishman rows, plays football or crjtcket; the Frenchman fights; the Spaniard delights in the bull-ring. The Rus sian finds no enjoyment in any form of active amusement. His delight is to listen to a hand organ 'or harmonica, to swing or ride on the gravitating railway, upon which, without the smallest exertion on bis part, he can enjoy the sensation of movement to the full. MARTYRS TO THE KNOUT. A more important effect of this passivity is a great submissiveness as to the powers that be, which through long years of oppression has kept before it the affecting ideal, to suffer and to die without resistance or complaint, and which, as Dostoyevski brings out in his 'Re- | collections of a Dead House in Siberia,' makes ; him who endures the lash and knout without j asking mercy an object of popular veneration. The hero is the sufferer, not he. who inflicts the ' blow. This mental bias accounts for the fact that, although the Russians make brave soldiers, they are the most unwarlike people in the world. In defence they will be greater than in attack, and of brilliant individual ini tiative, an indispensible ingredient in the fight ing efficiency of modern armies, they are natur ally and constitutionally incapable. NO FEAR OF DEATH. The contradictions of their character- have made them a people ai£rt and difficult to un derstand. Hardy they are, sluggish and inac tive, gruff yet gooa-natured, unieeling and yet kindly, capable of both gentleness and ferocity. This indifference to their own sufferings is sometimes * strangely responsible for a sympathy with. the sufferings of others, which no,w and then shows itself in a weird and ^terrible form. Having no .fear of death himselt, the Russian peasant thinks nothing of infiicting'it upon' others. This is es pecially so in the case of old people or children, and ttie horrible murders of these, which occur among the Russian peasantry, are often quite, devoid of passion, or malice. Pity -md a feel ing that it is better not to live is the contribu tory motive. Is it possible to . find e more aw- ' ful condemnation of a governing system which is productive of such- kin outlook on life? There is a story' told by a Russian general which bears on this strange .characteristic. In Russia's last great war a wounded soldier was, dragging himself along with ~ difficulty and in great pain after hie battalion- So isevere was his wound that his recovery seemed hopeless. His comrades seeing this ;seia to him with the deepest sympathy, 'You i&je; ©uttering too much; you will soon die. . Do you want us to end your pain? Shall we bury you?' 'I wish you would,' answered the unhappy man. So they set to work end dug a grave. * He lay himself down In It, and the others buried him, out of pity. When the general, 'iwho did not hear of it'rt«r it 'was 'all ovetrssitea ifc& -soldiers later if their comrade had not suttereo^ terribly, 'they answered, ''Oh, 'no; we stamped' the earth down, with our feet!' ?'??.-. . BUREAUCRATIC TYRASJNY. But, despite the fact that bureaucratic tyran ny bag destroyeu spontaneous and natural growth in the relations of public life, there is an inhe rent gealus in the Russian mind — the black rich land, the fertile lend— which, if the seed is not denied, brings forth abun.de.ntiy. : This. is pre eminently the genius of adaptability and assi milation. ? The Russian catches a new .thought ' onthe wing 'and -endows it with a Russian spirit. He i has .-tide.' ^-peculta* ?j'jjbaUmt^-'toeyoa'a «11 other Tdtsea, 4t sgipsptoB 'met aafcilBer or thought and ?ranjge- ofrtdea)j',:of 3d&^(4j&ud;: of dealing with '««^I?^^i(j^'^ei:^^'^;'^aj3#'ri^J^t i-Jsi*Btiraritaat«ea - to ?' ;%0slble1;Sb1*nr ?'??\«^3l^!f ;^m|iijii^ito:M;:'Syian- ' ftnd RejQals^nce, a siiitiire wh{^ ?fry^Josee-ja^^ap T^Wrttv jj^y^iprt '?jot ? emVrol- .; ?truclea Mature «f the Rtasefen people might apt «£$tfn.,.iv£iB it not .lor ifce ^amstant «xer tlon. on .the part of their 'rfalers to make real knowledge impossible* mo& to des troy all individual and independent will. A solicitude lest the popular standard of 'know- ledge should be raised is so great that ob stacles ure nut in the way*, of the, elementary Instruction of the youngest children. This, It is laid down, must in no case partake of such a nature as to develop the mind. GOVERNMENT SUPPRESSION But the Government might as well endeavour to keep the wind from sweeping across the Empire as to shut out the inrush of learning and of new ideas, and the rapid growth of a national,' as well as of an Imperial, policy has been the result. The. Czar has always stood ^in the position of common father to the lower - masses of the people; but, undoubtedly, this feeling has shown some weakening of late years, while the Government has placed itself on a war footing towards the advanced classes and thinkers by its consistent efforts to suppress every endeavour to reach higher mental and social levels. NIHILISM, SEDITION, AND MURDER. Can such unnatural efforts secure an abiding success? The complex nature of the Russian is dominated by one fundamental inclination to pursue an idea to its utmost limits. When, a Russian has got hold of a thought, a funda mental principle, or purpose, whether it origi nated with himself, or was borrowed from out side, he does not rest until he has followed it . to the end. It is this which has made tbe Russians the most arbitrary oppressors and the most reckless liberators in the world, blindly orthodox, yet pursuing strange sectarian be liefs even to self-destruction, carrying free thought to Nihilism, and sedition to murder and the flinging of dynamite. If they still preserve a belief in authority, they bow their foreheads to the earth. If they have conceived a hatred for that same autho rity, they do not hesitate to use the revolver or the bomb- In all things they are radical; in faith, in infidelity, in love and in hate; in submission, and in rebellion. Such is the Rus sian nature, and it is not of such that thralls are made. In truth, it may be eaid that the existing system of Government in Russia is en throned upon a live volcano, whose pent-up and gathering fires will find their vent with all the certainty of a natural law. — T. H. M. H., in the 'Pall Hall Gazette.' 