The Mystery. of Dreams. • Modern scientists generally have recently given much attention to the * study of dreams. A well-known German? physician emphasises the fact that there is nothing supernatural about our dreams, and the old practice of the Middle Ages of prophesying by dreams is dismissed by him as absurd. The same authority goes on to state that children dream least of all, and adults dream more between the ages of 20 and 30 than at any other period of life. Women are greater dreamers than men ; indeed, for every 50 dreams of a man, a woman has 75. Dreams come iusually during the early morning hours when dawn begins to break into tho room. The dreams of intelligent and educated people aro altogether different from those of the uneducated, and the dreams of children are of much eimpler subjects t\ian thoso of adults. Generally we dr^am of past events and those ideas that have held our attention during our waking hours. Our immediate surroundings have much to do with our. dreams. We dream of falling into the water or walking about half-clad when tho coverings of the bed have fallen, away and left us cold. A sick person with a bandage round his head dreams of being scalped by Indians. An attack of gout in sleep brings dreams of torture'by the Inquisition, and persons suffering from esthma usually have dreams of choking. As Aristotle knew, our dreams are indicative of our mental and physical condition, and the coming of disease can be sometimes detected thereby. Those subject to epilepsy dream of failing from heights, being consumed by fire, and other disasters, and their awakening is accompanied by screams. Persons afflicted with nenrasthemia are troubled with dreadful nightmares, especially of savage wild animals. Hysterical persons dream of black birds, skeletons and horrible subjects, conjured up by their own diseased imagination. Insane people, it is said, dream little or not at all, and the wordt dreams are reserved for those who drink immoderatly of alcoholic beverages. Criminals, it is averred, do not dream ; indeed, tha greater the crime a man has committed the less ho appears to dream, notwithstanding assertions to the contrary in sensational novels. This is due to the fact that most criminals have strong nervous constitutions, and are not sensitive to outward influences. • Tbere is nothing supernatural about, dreams. They are due to outward influences, impressions or physical conditions. Every dream can be traced to its soured. The food we eat, the life we live, has much to do with our existence in dreamland, and Goethe's well-known phrase, " Tell me what yon eat, and I will tell you what you are," can in this instance be paraphrased to read. " Tell me what you dream, and I will tell you what you eat." W»hisky Applied Externally.—While engaged at a fire one cold winter night the chief of a fire brigade was asked if he would have a drink. " I will have some whisky," he said, "but I won't drink it." With the man who had invited him he went to the back room of a restaurant and ordered whisky. He did not offer to touch the glass with his lips. " Pour it down the back of my neck," he said. " It soaks into my flannels and does me more good than if I were to put it in my stomach, and it's a heap less dangerous." " Ob, this is no new wrinkle," he said, when questioned. " Some firemen put it down the back of their necks and some pour it in their boots. Both ways are good, but I like mine on my back. It is an old trick of firemen when they get very cold. Of course, all firemen do not take their whisky this way. It would be a better thing for them and for the department if they did." In the Crimean War the Highland Brigade was under Sir Colin Campbell, and it was before the battle of the Alma that • they received those famous orders:— "Now,men, you are going into action. Remember this—whoever is wounded—no matter what his rank—must lie where he falls till the bandsmen come to attend to him. No soldier must go carrying off wounded comrad.es. If any man does such a thing his name shall be Btuck op on the doors of his parish church." Kinglake tells us that the brigade went into the battle with a joyous, assuring cry, acd the weird bagpipes plaj'ed an accompaniment. The Black Watch went—still under Sir Colin Campbell—to the relief of Lucknow. The regiment was slso at Telel-Kebir, which was however, a small affair Bot at Tamai, soo:> ifter, tho fighting was fierce; when tho British square was broken by the ArabB, 00 of the 42nd were killed, while only 21) were, wounded—a f sure proof of how i hard the fanatical tribesmen struck bomc. The soldier with an earnest cause, even though a mistaken -one, always makes a hard fighter. The 4 Auld Forty-Twa" has a unique record, perhaps not the least memorable fact being that ,the wildest fighters in the ' British Army have also proved themselves the most orderly in peace. ' - ERASING A VILLAGE. While the Canadian authorities are using every endeavor to settle people on the land and turn field and forest into smiling hamlets, quite another scene is being enacted over ti.e border in " the land of the free" (says The Daily MailJ. In the heart of the Adironback Mountains, what 'was a prosperous village of 1,200' inhabitants is gradually being blotted off the face of the earth, and is now represented by a handful of men with their wives and children. These men are the only barrier Ju the intention of Mr William Rockefeller, the Vice-President of the Standard Oil Company, of making a huge tract of conntry a wildernees. He wants to clear them all out to complete his "private park," acd by gradual pressure, aided by the force of circumstances, he has reduced this hamlet of Brandon.to little more than a name, and has encircled the inhabitants with pains and penalties if they move boyond its limits. Cy A TALE OP Two' WORLDS.-^-" A Scotchman," said Sir James Graham at the City Mission meeting in Sydney on,Thursday night, "talks more than any other man about the other world, 1 and | ehowa the least inclination to get .to it., For my part/' he added, " I agree with him, for I iika both worlds, or as much aa I know of them, and I'm in no hurry to leave here either." Sir James then referred to a growing inclination on the. part of rich men to devote some of their surplus Cash to philanthropic movements.' l *ItV far better for some of them at least to do so," he said, V for (to quote an old tale) they cannot take it with them, and even if they did it would melt." As treasurer of the organisation, ho enlarged upon the good which might be done on this sphere, if wealthy individuals could , only be persuaded to expend a little more of their spare cash for the benefit of their poorer neighbors* whose world here was very often one of torture. ' This ' sentiment (says the Daily Telegraph) was warmly applauded. The great difficulty about the turningpoint in a man's career js that there is no sign post.' The death is announca of t Mr/ Hurtle Fisher at Melbourne recently, at the age of 74. He was a South Australian pioneer settler and a veteran sportsman. It is satisfactory to know- that the number of prisoners in Victorias gtfalB is annually decreasing. It is stated that in the proposed extension of the Anglo Japanese treaty a clause will be inserted providing for the defence of India by Japanese troops in c\se of need. Lieut.-Col. James Burns, President of the Highland Society of New South Wales, was ^ guest at a dinner given by "Lord Carrington, ex-Governor of New South Wales, to meet King Edward. The larger battleships for the G9rman Navy, the construction of which is to be begun in 1906, are to carry 30-centimetre guns, instead of 28 centimetre ordnance, which it was at first intended to place them. ,, . v.-.-,- : The Chinese m9rchants at Penang, J in the Straits Settlements, have decided to join their confreres in ihe Celestial Empire in the boycott on imported goods from the United States, on account of the recent legislation in Amcrica against Chinese immigration. • The Russian cruiser. Terek, whioh recently sank the British cruiser . Ikhona, Bank the Danish steamer Princess Marie on the 22nd inst. The vessel was bound for Europe from China and Japan, and was insured in London for £70,GC0 against contraband, was also heavily insured. The crew were landed at Batavia* in Java. The German Crown Prince is 22 years old, and at his marriage was of exactly the same age as was his father before him when he married in February, 1881. If, according to present ideas as to the age when a man should marry, this seems rather early, it has to be remembered (says the Westminster Gazette) that Prussian princes have always entered the estate of matrimony in good time. Of the Crown Prince's ancestor^ no fewer than five married even younger than the present heir to the throne of the Hohenzollerns. Unsinkable Ships.—The Admiralty has resolved to appoint a special departmental committee to investigate the-claim of unsinkability put forward on behalf of the new Cunard liner Coronia, which is fitted with the Stone-Lloyd eysteor of watertight doors. Naturally, it is held that, if such a quality attaches to the vessel, the principle by which it is secured ought to be adapted to our warships.- Of course the claim of the Coronia is based on the fact that her watertight doors can be closed from the bridge in 15 seconds—a fact which is held to make for immunity from sinking, moreespecially in the case of collisions. The Admiralty is not quite prepared to accept the Canard contention," but it is held that if so simple a plan can secure immunity tho Admiralty ought not to disregard it, , • £ t 