St. Petersburg's population at the end of 1904 was 1,578,200. * » • "Get married" was a bit of advice which Mr. Justice Bingham gave the Bradford law students recently. * » • At the advanced age of 98, Herr Thygeson, the oldest member of the Danish Parliament, died recently. • • « 1 " Fully 75 per cent, of the rural population of the Prussian province of Saxony have drifted to the large cities. ♦ * ♦ German troops have captured the Hottentot chief's stronghold in the Carras Mountains, South-West Africa. * * * To attend the German Crown Prince's wedding Prince and Princess Arisugawa of Japan have left Tokio for Germany. ft * £ • Five thousand loose drawings, valued at £50,000. have been left by the late- Herr Menzel, the famous German painter. « * ft Two members of the recently-returned Char rot Antarctic Expedition have left Buenos Ayrcs on their way back to France. » ft ♦ During the six months ending February 28 last over 400,000 immigrants, including 84,000 Russians, arrived in New York. * * « Turkish troops near Ghevgheli, in Macedonia, have annihilated a Bulgarian band of 21 men, the chief being among the killed. «. * ft Miss May Yohe and her husband,. Captain Strong, are about to appear on the music-hall stage in America at large salaries. ' « ft * The American Steel Trust has raised the pay of its 150,000 employees. The change will in crease the wages bill by £1,800,000 a year. « ♦ ♦. Sixty men and 80 women have been* killed in a raid made by a tribe in Liberia (West Africa) on Cess Town, a place on the Liberian coast. « * * By a judgment of the Supreme Court of Pre- . toria, the old Boer law forbidding natives in the Transvaal to acquire land has been annulled. * « ft Only £800,000 will be saved this year on the French Army Estimates by the reduction of the period of servico to which all' conscripts are liable. ♦ ♦ » Princes^ Elizabeth, of Isenburg, daughter of the widowed Archduchess Marie Louisa of Aus tria. has taken the veil at St. Joseph's Convent at Treves. Fortugal has officially approved the construc tion of the Lourenco-Marques- Swaziland rail way. The Government has the necessary funds already in hand. # • 9 Plans have been perfected for a great religious revival in New York during the summer, the services for which are to b« conducted in 10 enormous tents. . • ♦ * While travelling by rail in the State of Con necticut, Mr. Andrew White, formerly American Ambassador at Berlin, narrowly escaped death, some heavy object breaking the window of his . compartment and cutting his silk hat in two. * » * As the result of a canvass in certain parts of England upon the question of Sunday closing of publichduses,. 123,581 working-class replies were for and only 12,010 against,' and > among householders 863,640 for and 121,689 against. * * * Taken suddenly ill on his way for a marriage license, a young, man. at Huntingdon (U.S.A.) was removed to the hospitaland operated on for appendicitis. "While, on .the operating, table he was married, but died shortly afterwards. Mr. Hay, tho American Secretary of State, has completely recovered from his recent illness. # * :* Before leaving'Gibraltar after her recent-visit the Queen banded. Sir George White the sum* of £100 for distribution among the poor. « « # Fearing that he was about to lose his sight, ■ Professor Richard Hcinzel, the director of tho Seminary, for German Philology at the ■ Vienna University, shot himself dead. » # >» Valuable presents have been made.by the Bri tish* and American Governments to the Moorish Shereefs of Wazzah, who aided in the release of Messrs. Pcrdicaris and-Varley. ♦ » * An Army Order recently promulgated states that it has .been, decided that defective color, vision shall ho longer disqualify candidates for commissions in the British Army. * . * ♦ A direct descendant has been found, says the ' St. Petersburg "Novoo Vremya," of the Hetman Doroschenka, who died in London, and is said to have'Jcft a fortune of £7,200,000* No plans exist, said the general manager of' the Hamburg-America line, for the establish ment of a community of interests between that company and the North German Lloyd. * * * • An Anti-tipping Bill has just become law In New York State, whereby the giving of any pre sent to an employee of-another person for in terested motives is made a misdemeanor.' ' * *. # , President Roosevelt has approved the recom mendation of the American Joint Army and Navy Board that cadets and midshipmen shall be taught "jiu-jitsu," boxing, and wrestling. * * * . Action will be taken by the United States Gov ernment against the Theatre Trust in the event of Mr. David Belasco being successful iii,.an action he is now bringing against the trust. « # « On a charge of attempting to corrupt wit nesses against the Beef Trust, Mr. T. J. Con nors, the millionaire general manager of the Armour Company, has been arrested and re leased on bail. j • ♦ * "To see a real railway wreck," a boy named Griwen, of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, placed ob structions on the line and derailed an express, the passengers only being saved from death by the breaking of the air hose setting the brakes in action. ♦ * * President Roosevelt has issued a proclamation inviting the nations of the world to send repre sentatives to participate in 1907 at the cele bration of the birth of the American nation at -Jamestown, Virginia, where the first American settlement was founded on May 13, 1607* Tooth-brushes and tooth-powder are to he supplied to all tho inmates of the Austrian prisons. ♦ a * By order of tho Spanish Government, the ca sino at San Sebastian, in Spain, has been closed. Visitors are consequently leaving the town. * *- * Turkish Ministers have advised tho Sultan to raise loans both in Germany and Prance for tho purchase of armaments; The proposed total is about £4,000,000. a a a Presents ;of-jewellery to the murdered King Alexander of Servia from Queen Victoria, the Kaiser, and the Sultan of Turkey, are shortly to be sold in Vienna. a a a On the occasion of the German Crown Prince's Wedding the Town Council of "Wiesbaden will present him wiLh a largo quantity of Rhine wine of the best vintages. < In recognition of his services as President of the North Sea Commission, the Czar has con ferred the Grand Cordon. of St. Alexander Nev sky on Admiral Pournicr. u A resident in British East Africa relates that an .antelope, which was kept in an enclosure with birds and other creatures, was found catching the birds and eating their heads "off. ■ a a - a '■ King Alfonso of Spain will arrive in London on. June 4, according to an official announce ment-made in Madrid. Ilis visits to Vienna and Berlin have been postponed until the autumn. One thousand motor-cars have been promised to the New York Motor Club to assist in con veying children to the seashore on a recently instituted "Orphan Children's Day" on June 6. Mr. Macmillan, the British. Consul at Nice, has received the munificent offer of £3000 for the completion of the Victoria Memorial Hospital in that town from Sir George White, of Bris tol. ♦ ♦ * Great Britain and the United States have ex pressed their willingness to pay £8000 as com pensation to German settlers for losses sustain ed during'tho suppression of the revolt in Samoa. •. . . * * - * Dedicated to the Public Prosecutor, a special number'has'been issued by the German paper "Simplicissimus," containing a review of all the articles and pictures for which it has. been pro secuted. ' a a -a ' Liverpool has become thoroughly roused by the visit of Mr. Evan Roberts, the Welsh revi val leader, and hundreds of people congregate in and around'the chapels which it is believed the evangelist may visit. Nine workmen who went out on strike at Choux-de-Fonds, Switzerland, without -giving notice, have been condemned by the-tribunal of that- town to pay their employer a sum repre senting 12 days' wages. a. a a Information has been received by the "Times of India" that Russian - troops have replaced those of the Emir of Bokhara (atRussian vas sal) at all posts on the .Upper Oxus, in Roshan and Shignan, Central Asia. . During 25 years of .married life, a couple who' arrived last' month" at''Naples from Zanzibar have had 33 children,"27*of whom are still alive. During the voyage1 the-family occupied eight cabins with-three'berths in; each. .. v... . *'-* * • • In a shop in. Rockland, Maine, U.S.A., owned by the prohibitionist Governor of the State, 24 cases of medicine containing a high percentage of alcohol, the sale of which is legally forbidden were recently discovered by the police. a * a It has been decided by the United States Go vernment to appoint .three foreign engineers on the consulting board of the Panama Canal Com mission. England, Germany, and France have been invited to designate representatives. - • • * * * The celebrated Rowfant Library amassed by the late Frederick Locker Lampson, the poet and Shakespearian collector, has been, purchased by. a New York publishing house. ' The library contains a thousand volumes,'' nearly all' first editions, its range being from I486 to 1830. • Printed and Published by WATKIST WYNNE, of Bon Accord-avenue, Waverley, at the office. of THE . WORLD'S NEWS, 147' King- street, Sydney, in the 6Ule of New South Wales. , - - 