THE HOBART CON- FERENCE. DIVERGENT VIEWS. ROCKS AHEAD. HOBART, Februaiy 5. The Premiers' Conference will open tomorrow. The Prime Minister and tiie others who left Melbourne by tin; L001:- tna 011 Friday arrived at Launceston on Saturday moniiug, after a pleasant i across the straits! They were met at the Launceston Wharf by Mr. Gihnore (At toiiifcv-General of Tasmania) and ?<Ir. Pepper (Mayor of Launceston. The jmty caugnt a special train at 11 o'clock, and arrived at Hobart at 5 p.m. Mr. Evats (Premier of Tasmania) met tberu at tiie station. He had arranged 10*. acconimodritiCT«. and the visiting Ministers were quickly conveyed tu their" hole's. Mr. and Mrs. R'.ia are the guests of His Excellency the Governor (Sir Gerald Strickland). —Dissatisfied Premiers.— The State Ministers will hold a preliminary conference to-morrow morning. Tl.ey are dissatisfied with the long list e>£ subjects, and will eliminate as many as possible, After luncheon they will meet Mr. Keid and the other Federal Ministers at the Legislative Council Chamber, l'.niiament liou»=e. 3dr. Eeid will, of coaiv-e. be asked to preside. After he has delivered his opening sj.eech the conference will adjourn till Tuesday morning. Hi." Morgan (Premier <if Queensland! and i , Danish (Premier of A-J3;r:<a l ' n ™ d 011 Thursday. They .list Mr. O remier 01 Ta-ananiaJ on l-'nday. i a ? 1 S chattedabout questionsaffccting States' "a 1 "*- further inrorinal conversation State Ministers yesterday emnhatc the Inct that they w-ill not mlhngly I ulvcsl the Commonwealth with any more i H, 01^' - ' H " CSCn , t , t! , 1< : outlook for the I Lonlerenee is not bright. Mr .Held is | ff 11^1"? .eood l-esuiting, but some of ^ State Ministers are not so optimistic, —The Debts Question.— TJ>e State Ministers will most like'.v devote their attention niainlv to sharply eritieisine Feder-al finances Mr. Bent wiil probaUv .lead tl,e Premiers in this attack The Slate Ministers urged last vear that iic- Braddon sections, which prevent the Fedora] Government u^ing more than oneexcise reioiiit roi" the iet ciistoms and o.„ e ^ou d be extended ov^- 5 .^tectXm i^itt ^We^vt 50 years to protect them against possible .extravagance while debts are bein- paid off by a su^gested sinking fund Sir George Turner wdl consent to the renewing of these sectians for 15 years, but all the State Prcmiers are more than ever opposed to giving lt;e Conuuonwealth charge of their railway receipts. They s-iy that the events of the past 12 months have convinced them t.iat '!' 5 e Fedei-al Parliament cannot be trusted in ™cwy matters. —The Murray Waters.— Oil the Murray River waters question t!ie conference will also be at sixes and Sir John See, Mr. Irvine, and Mr. upon a scheme of distribu- , it they never submitted ;t to their respective Parliaments. Mr. Cargrasp of the subject. "He therefore intends ruthers repudiates this scheme. He is not satisfied that the delegates have a thorough I to bring Mr. McKay and an officer attached to the Water Supplv Department in Sydney across to address Ministers, and >Ir7 Bent" ^ll noV yield a cubic inch of flter t0 eithfir nf the fl1her i. re. miers. Mr. Swinburne should reach here m T!nlr!day and he lllay pPrhaps put „' new complextion on the situation. At present, however, the three State Premier-- most interested are fightinsr a triangular dud, and none of the Federal Ministers is distiaying any desire to intervene. —Encouragement of Immigration.— Mr. lleid has saturated himself with infonnation respecting the encouragement of imn'igiation. His ideas are. however. fp.,:iiilv dependent 011 whatever the States r:\ 1; do to retain new srtt'ei-s. According to the visiting Ministers there is verv Iitli:\ if a:iv. sijitab'o lnn'1 available in most " 1l>.> Sritos. Onlv Oue«n'-lind -m,! \v tern Australia appear to have land to offer desirable emigrants: but, while the Tin'crs may not be able to promise to provide good land for settlers, they seem anxious that they should combine to prone: b in m thcoW the old Wid he reS ° UrCeS florid. ° f Austrafe:a —Mcl.hed of Selectjne Governers.— The Colonial Office has been pressing the State Cabinets to aerce upon a uniform! fornt mel-horl of oh'iosing State (Jovernors. Everv Sfate J^egislatiye Assembly has passed resolutions stntine that tb? cost of nresenfc Governor-' establishments should lie terially reduced. "Mr. Dasrlish and Mr. Tjv-an- are JT-imn to rive off^t to this l>rcP'-snl. State Ministers Mil! 1.h«rero,-P lie asked fo vtiflH'oyp of a motion which will tti'h the metliot] cf selection, th nav. lid the functions of State Gov ™ OTh for the future. —The Federal Capital.— The F'-deral capital . to dispute will he discussed bv Mr. Carrutiiers and Mr Rc'id apart from the conference. " c. „ „. . Sir Cenrsc Turners Threat.— On -ill Croat issues there is much diversitv of opinion. Sir George Turner threitens that if the debts question is not settied this time he ' will throw " ui> the •• spi*nec. Possiblv - he may have the opp-rtnnity to do so. but even if thi-= liaiKiens. and if 1b? negotiations with the Federal f-»W»et. lend to nothing the Stat. Minis- 