Immigration. I It is pleasing to note that Australians have at last recovered from their previous apathy towards the above question, and that the Federal Govern ment has at last fully recognised its urgent importance. The old cry of a White Australia v» as very good ; but the other, of Australia for Australians, was very bad indeed, irrational and unpatriotic. That Australia should remain a glorious inheritance tor tbe European race has always been the ideal of every white man, whether Australian or not; and not from mere sentiment, but purely as a matter of right. The Australian continent was practically uninhabited till tbe advent of Governor Phillip in 1788, and the great work of colonization commenced by him and continued to this day by bis successors, has been the tneans of layin? a very healthy embryo of European civilisation. The titanio work of opening up the country and tapping the enormous resources of this great continent is well under way, thanks to the energy and increasing eftorta of four generations of white pioneers.' The primeval eucalypti forests have been pierced in all direc tions by'good roads, precious minerals have been located and exploited, and towns founded all over the habitable zones; agriculture has also been established ou a small scale. What is now wanted is more population to expand and1 consolidate what has already been done. Discovered by the Spaniards and Dutch and colonized in a systematic manner by tbe British, the Australian continent belongs to the white race both by the right of discovery and colonization. The real Australians, viz., the aborigines, did not possess the essential traits of a nation, being extremely few in number and divided in nomadic tribes antagon istic to one another. Their propor tionately small number, pni their state of most primitive barbarity in a country full of resources like Australia, prove conclusively . that providence never intended them to be the -masters of this continent; therefore, the European has undoubtedly a pretty good right to the Australian continent. It is conceded that a man's nationality is confined by hiB place of birtb, and that a person born - in Australia may certainly call himself Australian, but the real Australian race is yet to come. Before a mixed race can attain ahy thing like a national character it must first forget its pedigree ; the various participating elements must thoroughly mix and assimilate, and such is hot yet the case iu Australia A.t present, Australia contains a lot of transplanted Britishers, with a goodly sprinkling of Jews, Danes, Germans and other nationalities, each unit equally proud of its decent, but [utterly devoid of a pa riotic Australian senti ment. ? Should the day come, though, when the' natives of Australia shall ignore from what particular branch of the European tree they descend from, that day will be the opening era of the real Australian race — but it is yet remote. , For instance, if modern Englishmen knew for . certain from what narticnlar stock thev individually sprung from, some would find ' them selves to be the descendants of the Italian colonists of the Roman Con quest, others would find themselves the scions of tho old Scandinavian pirates, others again would find them selves descended from the Norman cutthroatB (introduced by William the Conqueror), a few woold, perhap.8, boast of being descended from the primitive Britons of the druidical period, and so on. Now-a-days,- how ezer, the Englishman just boasts of being an Englishman, little caring whether in his viens flows the blood of the Roman IpoinnnriHfl. nr f.hnh n f the Danish or Norman invaders, and this is only natural; without this happy ignorance the Englishman *ould no longer feel English. Tbe same remark applies also to all other European nationalities, a3 no race is now-a-days pure. But let ub return to Australia. Some day, wbeii this continent. Bhall contain at least one hundred millions of people, then, and then only, the cry of Australia for the Australians will sound rational. This continent could easily support five hundred million people, and to talk of Australia for five million Australians is simply preposterous, especially in the face of the countless hordes of Asiatics and Polynesians, some of them only a . week's voynge from the Aus tralian coast. From a patriotic and' white man's point of view, every Aus tralian should do his utmost to foster the coming of his white brothers of ! Europe, irrespestivo of creed or nationality. E\ ery European nation possesses some desirable characteristics, and the blending of the various races increases the vigor and improves the physique of the new race. The whites of South Africa and America are a living proof' of this assertion. In speaking of alien immigrants, some of our Parliamentary representatives have of late advocated a preference for immigrants of German, stock, but it is difficult to understand the preference. Ihe German nation is certainly a desirable race of people, bat a com. .nJ .... ? ? pevvuv nuu uu^igjuuiucu CAtlUllUttllUll would find several of the other European races equally as desirable, the Italian race in- particular. The Italian race iB very prolific, and its moral standard is one of the bigheBt, The working classes of Italy are notable' for their endurance and sobriety ; they are also very industri ous aud make peaceful citizens. As for the intellectual character of thp Italians, it iB too well-known to need discussion. Italy has been the m.otber of European civilization, and her children of to-Jay are well worthy of their ancestors. In music, painting, architecture, sculpture, electrical sciences and other higher pursuits of civilized life, the Italians have no superiors and very few equals Their masterpiecies and daily inventions are standing monuments of their genius, and Australia could do worse than import a million or two Italian immi* grants. ? ITALIOUS. 