\- THE STkTB BUDGET. MR BERT'S SECOND STATEMENT j NO REDUCTION IN INCOME TAX. ESTIMATED SURPLUS FOP. THE YEAR £12,237. (From Our Own Correspondent.) MELBOURNE, Tuesday. Tho State Premier, Mr. T. Bent, made lus | second" Budget speech in the Legislative As sembly to-day. '- After the usual opening remarks, Mr. Bent said :— . Honorable members may have thought j that the Budget 'should have been delivered oarlier in Uio session. It, no doubt, could have been delivered when I gave my figures to the House on the 24tli July in introduc ing the Surplus Revenue Bill, when I stated the suprlus to be approximately £508,481, but on that date I had not received from the Federal Treasurer the estimate of the Commonwealth payment to the State. The advantage of waiting until now is that the figures I am presenting to the House are those presented to the Auditor- General for audit, and, so far as tho Treasury is con cerned, are absolutely final. If honorable members will bo good enough to refer to the Budget papers which I have caused to be distributed, I will endeavor to epitomise, as shortly as I possibly can, the various mat ters that I think it is necessary to bring under the notice of the committee in open ing my Budget for the year 1905-6. The first statement to which I wish to draw your | attention shows that, 'excluding the rail- \ ways, the total revenue for the year £3,900,557. In my Budget of the 11th October, 1904, J estimated that this revenue would reach £3,769,370, but I have had the good fortune to receive £151,167 more than I estimated. It may be interesting to honorable members to know how this was arrived at. The Commonwealth gavo nip . over my estimates, £47,378; income tax, £41,943; probate duties, £15,376; and terri-I torial "revenue, £18,405; difference, £8065. Tho expenditure for the year was £3,415,182, which, taken from the receipts, £3,900,537, leaves me with a surplus, irrespective of the ] railways, of £485,355. THE RAILWAYS. Now. turning to our great trading depart ment—the railways-tlie gross revenue for the year that was paid into the Treasury totalled £3,621,051. Tho estimate of the Commis sioners. as given by me on lltli October, 1904, was £3,450,000, bo I received £171,051 in excess of the estimate. In extending those receipts in the balance-sheet, it will I be observed that only £11,931 was trans- I fcrred to the railway accident fund. That | sum does not represent half per cent, on j the revenue derived from fares; but this is I explained by the fact that the accident fund i has now reached the limit of £50,000 put j upon it by Act No. 1946. Turn- J lug to the expenditure on railways, the . estimate given by the Commissioners on 11th | OcLobor last for working expenses, including .belated repairs, but exclusive of recoups, was £1,937,605. The actual expenditure under that head, including belated repairs, was £1,933.708, or a saving on the estimates of £3897. The fact that an excess of revenue of £171,051 was earned witli a saving of expenditure of £5897 speaks more forcibly to honorable members than any words com ing from mo. After providing for full inte rest and expenses on the loan moneys in vested in our railways, after charging the department with the whole of the pensions and gratuities paid during the year, after providing for a recoup of loan moneys, tem porarily advanced prior to 1903, for revenue purposes, to an extent of £58.770, which was £50.124 in excess of the statutory require- | mont, the Railways Commissioners closed their financial year in the Treasury books with a surplus of £41,629. Honorable m hers will please note that this is the surplus in the Treasury books. In the railway bal ance-sheet it is different. There, pensions and gratuities are excluded. Bank interest is credited for loan and other moneys on hand—while, on the other hand, revenue from periodical ticket-holders is appropriated to the year in which the sendee is per formed. and the Commissioners have deduct ed from their gross receipts certain amounts I which were placed at their disposal by the Surplus Revenue Act. This gross revenue | from the railways of £5,621,051 is the largest | ever earned by the railways of this State, I the next largest being £3,417,011 in 1903-4, and tho next £3,378.529 for the year 1901-2. As I explained in my Brighton speech, the past, for the last forty-eight years, tho I railways, with four exceptions, showed the balance on the wrong side of the ledger. ' These exceptions were tho years 1883-4, when the surplus was £16,730;" 1886-7, £81,120; 1887-8. £65,122; 1883-9, £138,537; while the surplus for last vear was, as I slated, £41,629. ESTIMATES FOR THE CURRENT YEAR. For the currctu financial year 1905-6, we I expect a surplus on the accounts, excluding the railways, of £68,424, and a deficiency on the railways of £56,137, leaving us wit' credit balance on the year of £12,237. It has been said. "How preposterous it is, estimat ing a deficiency on the railways during tho coming year." JJul the committee has before it simply the estimate as furnished by tho commissioners themselves. The Chairman of the Commissioners has assured me that ill estimating a gross revenue this year £3.500,000. in face of the actual receipts of last year of £3,621,051, or £121,051 less, they have in anticipation, should the pros pects of the harvest still continue to be favorable, concessions in freights and fares during the latter half of the year, and that will, to some extent, account for the reduced estimate in tho receipts. THE COMMISSIONERS* FORECAST. Honorablo members may like to hear the Commissioners* own words, so I shall give them to the House as I received them:—"In regard to the currctu fiscal year, it is antici pated from tho reports which have been re ceived by the Commissioners that with favor able weather conditions a bountiful harvest of grain and other agricultural produce will result, but, owing to the fact that the har vest of last season was considerably loss than that of the previous season—the de crease in wheat alone being over 7,000,000 bushels—it is estimated that the revenue of tho first six mouths of the current year will show an appreciable decrease as compared with the corresponding period of the preced ing year. If, however, the present pros pects are fully realised, some of the reduc tion may be gained in the Inticr half of tho year. The conditions have been favorable for pastornlists, and tho percentage of lamb ing has consequently been excellent, and in order that the Commissioners may bo able to satisfactorily deal with the large increase in the fat lamb and sheep traffic—especially the former—which is consequently expected during the year, arrangements have been made to construct and have ready by the end of this mouth fifty additional sheep iruoks, at a cost of £10,000. A considerable increase is also anticipated in the earring of butter for export, and fifty additional refrigerator trucks arc in course of construc tion, aud will be ready by the end of the month—these .will cost £15,000: and ono hundred louvre trucks are also under con struction at a cost of £19,000, chargeable to the rolling stock replacement fund, for this and other perishable traffic. There are twenty-throe 'JIB' engines under construc tion. costing £71,000, and ten of these it is anticipated will be available for traffic dur ing the ensuing grain season. The ten are being charged to working expenses, and the remainder will be charged to tho rolling stock replacement fund. The Commissioners anticipate that the large amount of money distributed through the country, as the re sult of tho good seasons experienced by agri culturists and pasloralists during the last two years, followed by tho anticipated good season and high prices ill this year, will have a favorable influence on the revenue from passenger and merchandise traffic. In the event of a good harvest during the coming season, and other conditions remaining favor- I able, it is the intention of the Commission- j ers to recommend for the approval of the [ Government some reductions in the goods i rates in the higher classes, and also to make j some modifications in the goods classifica tion. to take effect about the 1st January ] next, and at the same time to entirely abro gate the conditions applicable to mixed six tou lots of goods, which were operative in i the wholo of the State some time ago, and 1 am still operative in some districts. It is also | proposed, as soon as the by-law is prepared, and has been approved by the Governor-in- | Council, to extend the taper in the agricul tural produce rates to the stations on the i eastern, south-eastern, Hcalcsvillc, Whittle- I sea, Elthain, aud Stony Point lines, and the | branches connecting therewith." GENERAL FINANCIAL POSITION. Now, leaving the railways, and dealing with the whelo finances of the State, honor- | able members will observe that tho surplus for tho year totals the sum of £526,984. It is unnecessary for me to remind the commit tee that Parliament, by the Surplus Revenue Act, No. 1969, appropriated £508,117 of this amount, leaving a sum of £18,867, as the Act specifies, "In a fund to be dealt with as Parliament may hereafter direct." I have come to the conclusion that it is far better I for the Treasurer to be on tho safe side, and J that it is belter for the Treasurer twclvo ' lionUia lionco to have a larger surplus than bo estimates, than for him to have to tell the House that there is once again a heavy ieficicncy. It may not be out of place for tno to avail myself of the occasion to say, as I said at Brighton, a few words in de fence of the system, only lately adopted, of restricting the estimates of expenditure ^ to tho barest requirements for tbe forthcoming year, and then, when we know how ^ we stand, how tho finances will "pail out," ex pending the surplus after paying it iuto a trust fund, when we know that we have got it. It is, I contend, safer finance than to load the Estimates in anticipation," and spend it in anticipation. This 1ms led to* our de ficiencies in tho past, for a recurrence of wliich I, as Treasurer, and I trust, all future Treasurers, will be careful to guard against, j REVENUE AND EXPENDITURE. Dealing first with the revenue to be de rived from the Commonwealth, it will be observed that the gross receipts in Victoria are estimated at £3,142,294, or £44,021 less than the actual receipts for last year. The Commonwealth expenditure for Victoria is estimated at £1,234,300, or £64,843 in excess of last year. Tho result of a reduced esti mate of revenue, with an increased cstimaio of expenditure, leaves the balance to be handed over to the State as £1,907,914, or £109,464 loss than wc actually received last year. The committee will observe tlic diffi culties of the position in wliich I, as Stale Treasurer, am placed by an estimate being sprung upon me at tho last moment or £110,000 less than my actual receipts of last vear, and how much more satisfactory it would be, if. when tho term for which tho "Brandon" clause was enacted expires, some scheme was devised under which the Trea surer would know definitely, when framiug his Estimates, how much he would actually receive. We estimate a falling off of some £33,000 under State excise and inland revenue compared with the actual receipts under that head last year. Tho tax, Mr. Webb thinks, will be about £17,000 less than last year. This will partly be accounted for by certain concessions which the Cabinet have determined to make in connection with ! mining dividends. Turning to territorial, tue Minister of Lands estimates that 1 shall re ceive £120,000 less than I did last year. Honorablo members will understand that pressuro was brought to bear on tlic selec tors last year, in tho face of two good har vests, to pay up their arrears, with the re sult that, while tho rents in arrear on 30tli June, 1903, toi ailed £365,418, on 30lh June, 1904, they were lowered to £252,361, while on 30th Juno Jast tlicy were reduced to £117,395. In arriving at the results, honor able members must not be led away TOth the belief that the department dealt harshly , with these tenants, for tho honorablo tlio Minister assures me that in every case where I it was made to appear that tho selector was not able to afford it he was not unduly pressed for bis arrears. With three largo decreases in revenue, Commonwealth £110,000, Lauds £120,000. and* railways £109,000, or a total of £339,000, honorablo members will understand why I bring down an estimate of revenue of only £7,145,7o3, or £74,000 less than my estimate of last year. THE EXPENDITURE. Jn tho expenditure there are a few items to which I would invite the attention of honorablo members. I still intend to charge tho £28,000 for the half per cent, redemp tion fund on tho £5,600,000 under the Loan Acts 1560 and 1562 to the malice land ac count. I differ from some honorable mem bers who think that tho mallee land account will bo depleted by these charges. I admit that, 111 consequence of this debit, the fund dropped from £52,445 on 30th June, 190-4, to £49,316 on 30tli June last, but this falling off will only be temporary. With tho re vival of prosperity in tho mallee country, at present due to our prosperous seasons, and in tlio future to be secured by our schemes of water supply, this fund will gradually increase, notwithstanding tins annual drain of £28,000 upon it towards re deeming our London loans, for which purpose tlic fund ^ was origi nally ear-marked. Honorable mem bers will observe that I had to increase tho amount to be provided for tho redemption fund on the three and a half per cent, con solidated stock under Act 1560, on the sup- \ position that all the four per cent, bonds * will be converted into slock this year. This increase necessitates my having to provide an additional sum of £23,000 over the sum required last year, or a total of £53,098. The pension figures are* interesting to tlioso who make a study of that subject. • Tho estimate shows a reduction on the payments of last year of £4681, but these reductions would please me more if. I felt assured that this heavy drag on our consolidated revenue was gradually becoming less. The old-age pensions for the current year are estimated at £192.000. being a reduction of £8000 on the payments of last year. The endowment to municipalities still remains at £50,000, and n bill to givo effect to this will shortly bo introduced. Honorable members who thmk this endowment should not be reduced should remember tbe many concessions that have been made to the municipalities through the votes of the Public Works de partment and by the various Surplus Rovcnuc Acts. These, shortly staled, amount to ^rants for roads, etc., under Acts 1904 and 1945, £70,000; under Act 1969, £35,000; under vole of the public works for roads and bridges, £16,000. If I add to this the equivalent for the year on account of Licensing Act, £92,000, wc get a total dis bursement of £213,000. Another concession that has been made to them is some £12,000 per annum under he Unused Roads anu Water Frontages Act, in addition to sonic £30,000 to be raised under that act, which will be expended by the Crown in the con struction and maintenance of roads. The salaries and departmental contingencies m eluded iu theso Estimates amount to £1,650,901. This item for the previous year totalled £1,634,754. Tho salaries tola! £1,236,070, compared will'. £1,271,938 for the previous year. The difference of £14,132 is chiefly accounted for by the increments pro vided ill tlio Estimates for the public ser vants. These amount to £12,296, of which sum the payment of £4455 is already sanc tioned, and tho balance, £7841, if recom mended, will probably bo sanctioned from tlic 1st of January next. It lias been thought advisable by tlio Government to arrange that for tlio future all increments should accruo duo from two periods—the 1st January and tho 1st July ill each year. These payments of increments will bring a large number of officers to the maximum of their class, and so tliis item will not bo so large in future years. The department of Public Health shows an increaso from £14,963 in 1904-5 to £17,649 in 1905-6. This in creaso is chiefly due to the establishment of the Sanatorium for Consumptives at Broad meadows. Although this department ennnot bo classed as directly revenue- producing, I may be permitted to point out to honorable members that its work, evei.\ from the economic and financial standpoint, cannot altogether bo ignored. In this relation, 1 may mention that tlio extent of mortality from various diseases is frequently expressed by statesmen and statisticians in torms of money. The importance, therefore, of a national undertaking, having as its object tlio saving of these lives, will readily be understood and appreciated. Comparing the number of deattis in the metropolis from tins disease during tho present year with the average number of deaths during the past five years for the some period, it may be said that there has already, during tlio past nino months, been a large saving of vital wealth to the community. It has well been said that the standing of any com munity may be judged by tlio core it takes of lite lives of its citizens; and in view of this fact I may be pardoned by honorable members in reminding them that the present Government is the first to have made a direct forward move in combating this great wlule piamio. On reference to tlie Estimates of the" Public Works department, the commit too will observe that, included in the esti mate for 1905-6 is a sum of £30,000 for build in" and repairing State school buildings. This, I would remind tlio committee, is m addi tion lo the large sums provided in tlie Sur plus Revenue Act. I havo had strong assur ances from the department that tins money is urgently required, and that the erection of many of the buildings will create a saving in tho payments for rent. While on tins subject I desire to say a few words oil our national State system of education, and on the changes recently introduced therein. AGRICULTURAL EDUCATION. A movement is in progress to reorganise and extend agricultural education in \ ic toria. During tho past year agricultural ] education has been undertaken at tho Uni versity, and diplomas and degrees in agri culture havo been instituted. A committeo | of tho Council of Agricultural Education, to gether with the Directors of Education and Agriculture, has been formed lo advise the Cabinet upon the best moans of elaborating a national schenio of agricultural education, from the primary school to the University. This report will probably render necessary tho establishment of district agricultural hi"h schools. The continuation school estab lished in Melbourne has proved very suc cessful, and thore was no difficulty lii.obtam in« tlio full complement of two hundred pupils' which it was determined lo enrol. It is gratifying to note that nearly half of the nunils are from country districts, so that there, will be little difficulty in appointing them as junior teachers in country schools at tho completion of their course.. The claims of various districts to increased grants ill aid of technical education havo boon con sidered, and in sevoral cases special grants n aid of buildings and apparatus have been provided. It will bo remembered that, owing o the retrenchment policy pursued Tor many mars with respect to State school buildm0s, loinplaiats have, during the past two years, jccn made that many of the State propel lies liave been allowed to drift into a de plorably unsatisfactory state. Tho Govern ment bas tberefore determined to stop this drift backwards, and at the same lime to in sure that tho school buddings shall be maintained in a satisfactory state of repair. Tho last Surplus Revenue Act provided that £15,000 should be set aside for the sanita tion and repair of metropolitan State schools, and £10,000 for the repair of country.schools. In allocating grants for maintenance m the Estimates for the current year, I have seen fit to increase-the grant at the disposal of the Public Works Department for State school buildings from £25,000 to £30,000, as I beforo stated. The physical and educa tional well-being of tho children ■ are so ulti mately hound up with the efficient condition of the school buildings that I am sure Par liament will support mo in spending money liberally to bring the schools into a satisfac tory state. THE MINING INDUSTRY. On pago 15 of tho analysis of the Esti mates, honorable members will observe an item "Furtherance of tbo Mining Industry, £14,820." or £2820 in excess of the provision for tbo last financial year; but this import ant industry has not been overlooked when drafting the Surplus Revenue Bill, as in that bill tho committee will remember £13,000 is provided to assist in this important industry. If the committee will be good enough to re fer to statement 24, page 57, they will observe a very informing statistical report from tho Secretary for Mines. In that re port it will bo observed that the yield of »old for the year 1904 totalled 821,017oz., or 1407oi. less than the previous year, which was a record year for tho last live years. Dredging is progressing Bet'^fttct0r'l5'toelllt' yield from that source in 1900 was 25,026oz.; for last year, tho highest, it reached 55,257 oz. Tho total amount of gold won m Vic i toria up to 30th June last is valued by I the department at £271,501,657 sterling. The output of coal for 1904 wa3 121,741 tons, I being nearly double that of the previous year, which was Tery much restricted by strikes, and for the first six months of 1905 the output was 75,466. tons, showing that we are still on tho up grade, and hope soon, now that all causes of strife between the mino owners and the men are settled, to top tho maximum of previous years. It is pleas in" to observo that our Victorian coal com mands tho top prico in tlic retail market. The total output of coal m Victoria to 30tli Juno last was 2,434,462 tons, valued at the pit's mouth at £1,347,853. Before leaving the Estimates. I desiro to say a few words on our agricultural prospects, and ill doiii„ this I cannot do better than quote from an excellent report I have received from tho Director of Agriculture AGRICULTURAL PROSPECTS. , 111 glancing at tho result of last years operations notable expansion is seen both ' I Victorian and Australian production. 1903\. 1904. Victorian exports ... £19,707,000 £22,260,651 Victorian imports .. £17,859,171 £20,091,951 Total trade ... ... £37^66,171 £42,352,602 Total Australian ex- _ „„ p0rts £41,021,000 £57,489,216 Wheat.—-Tho agricultural outlook for the coming season is undoubtedly good all over' Viclona. The rainfall is general, though not heavy, has been well distributed, and , iu only a small area on the edge of the malleo are there any complaints of tho con tinued dry frosty weather injuring the pros pect of the crop. A decided increase in tho area under wheat is reported, and nearly 2,500,000 acres will probably be harvested for grain, representing more tunn one-liait of tho total area of laud under cultivation in Victoria. It is satisfactory to note the steady improvement in farm methods—more than 1,500,000 acres having been manured this season chiefly with superphosphates, and I about 900,000 acres are at present under fal 1 low, and it is pleasing to observo that our local manufacturers arc keeping pace with our requirements, both as regards manures and harvesting implements. .There is no question that the combination of tlic fallow ill" with tho use of superphosphates will in sure a decided increase in tlic yield per acre, provided the seasons arc moderately pro pitious It is too early yet to indulge in any forecast, but it may safely be said that the prospects-liavo never been brighter at a cor responding season of tho year than tliey arc at tho present time. Wheat is now being largely grown for grain in parts of the Cen tral and Southern districts which were for merly used for this purpose, but have been out of cultivation for the last thirty years. Improved methods of cultivation and mamir ! ing. combined with a fairly heavy rainfall, I insure much heavier returns than'have been I obtained in the Northern districts. Other [ Crops.—As contrasted with the steady ad vance in wheat fanning, I regret to report that there is a very marked diminution in tlic other crops, including oats, barley, pota toes and onions, wliero one acre out of every I four has gone out of cultivation sinco 1903. Iu tho case of tlic root crops tlio yields m recent years have not been very satisfactory; and the Department of Agriculture is at tempting i.o piaco the potato industry in par ticular on a now footing. In this connection it is anticipated that the experimental fields which have been planted this season will prove as valuable to the grower in the Southern districts as the experimental wheat fields have done to tlic Northern farmer. The dairying industry continues to show steady and satisfactory expansion—the num ber of milking cows boing now returned as 620,000, an increase of 20 per cent, since tlio census of 1901. Producers generally aro wak ing up to tlio importance of supplementing the natural grasses by suitablo fodder crops, and tlio use of ensilage for both summer and winter feeding is making steady progress. On tlio other hand, with tho exception of a slight increase in tho number of sheep, wo i find that tho number of horses, cattle, pigs and sheep has remained almost stationary, or i has actually diminished, during the last five vears. Tho chief reason for this unsatisfac tory state of affairs is simply tlio fact that most farmers in Victoria have more land than tliey utilise, and tlicy are able ici obtain a good living from it without working the greater part of it to anything like its full stock-carrying capacity.^ The more general adoption of the cultivation of such plants as lucerno ill the northern areas and maizo m the southern districts would at onco enor mously increaso the stock-carrying capacity of every farm. Value of Dairying Industry.— For tho year 1904 tho production was as fol lows:—Butter exported, 16,941 tons, value £1,694,100; butter locally consumed, 10,000 tons, vnluo £1,000,000; valuo of milk con sumed locally, £668,944: value of cheese made, £118,364; total value of milk products only, £3,481,408. No. of pigs slaughtered for use of pork and curing, 164,745, at £2 each, ! £320,490; No. of vealers slaughtered, 36,508, at 30/- each, £54,762; total value of milk and by-products, etc., £5,865,660. Export Trade. —Tho export trade shows a steady expansion in almost all lines, as will he seen from tho accompanying figures. The grading of hut tor, poultry and rahhits by the officers of tho department is now well established in public confidence, and it is satisfactory to nolo that tho voluntary grading of wheat, oats, potatoes and other produce is making steady progress. Thereduction in the freights by the contract entered into by the Govern ment in June, 1905, has already produced notablo results, for, in addition to the im mediate saving in freight (some £70,000 for Victoria alone), a slight, but appreciable, in I crease in the prices of the produce in tho Melbourne market is already apparent. Tho iexport trade in fat lambs shows indications j of a very marked expansion; and tho facili ties which now exist for the shipment of this class of produce from Melbourne and other Victorian seaports have greatly enhanced the price which the farmer is receiving for his stock. Tho extent to which rape and other crops aro being worked in with a sys tem of rotation, including wheat and graz ing, augurs well for tlio permanency of this industry* East year sonic 15,000,0001b., worth over £200,000, were shipped for export. Victorian Oversea Exports.—Leading agricul tural products (year ended 30th .Tune, 1905): Wool. £5,512,384; mutton, £232,317; rabbits and hares. £192,515; wheat. £2,677,437; flour. £524,356: oats, £137,735; butter, £1.191,554; sheepskins. £485,153; leather, £173,853; tallow, £111,063; wine, £61,405; eucalyptus, £16,000! Advance Work by the Department of Agriculture.—Tho experimen tal fields worked and cultivated by the de partment numbered 90, and comprise an area of nearly 7QQ acres. Twenty-eight 10-acre wheat experimental fields arc* scattered T through the whole of tho northern areas. They are devoted chiefly to manuring, culti vation, and variety tests in connection with wheat, oats and fodder crops. Twenty forage , fields, chiefly in the southern districts, are i devoted to experiments with cereals, roots, potatoes, and summer fodders. .Forty pas ture fields, usually 10 ncrcs in extent, aro being worked to ascertain what can be done lb improve poor grazing land at a moderate cost, namely, 2/6 per acre for manures; and 2'6: per aero for seeds. In addition to these, investigations aro being carried on to test tho capabilities of land which up to the pre sent-time has been looked upon as too poor for! satisfactory ■ agricultural settlement. There are 200.000 acres of Crown lands of. this character in the Cape Otway district, and a much larger area : in South and East ern Gippsland. It .is found on analysis that the land is of moderate fertility, .and; as tho result of the drainage ..effected .during * the last few months. ' notable* improvements t in the'appearance of the .soil .can already : bo: seen. With tho application of moderate , dressings of superphosphates, .there is little j doubt , "that nearly the wliolc ,of the light { sandy soils,.in Southern Victoria can ? ybe turned to good account: The rainfall .is ample..and there is no reason why . the same transformation should not be worked in. dis tricts remoto from Melbourne as has already been accomplished in the neighborhood, of Caulficld and Brighton. TVicsc soils seem .0 bb particularly adapted for the growth of potatoes and other" root crops, and. in riany cases; for fruit culture. Experiments irricd out by tho: department'in previotis ^ 2aiTJCU uui. u.y L14V ... , pears have ' already : proved ihat'they 1 grow sugar bcefc/to perfection; "* npd ;hv c.onn^ction; with the efforts "which 'the Government are naking to permanently establish' the., beet j sugar industries in Victoria, the possibilities ! >f settling and cultivating these lands has 1 lot been overlooked. It is gratifying to bo iblo to report that a small'crop of tobacco £rown on the. Government farm at Edi has realised the very satisfactory price of 1/- per lb. for the unfermeuted leaf. Great possi bilities with regard to - the cultivation' '." of tobacco undoubtedly exist in tho alluvial soil in tho valleys of the eastern portion of Vic toria, and, with tho-extensive markets which : bave been' opened up throughout the Com monwealth, we anticipate tbe„ steady,.exten-J sion of tobacco- groiring.-Educational Work. —Agricultural classes extending over a fort-, night each have been held in eleven districts.; The lectures, given for the most part by officers of the. department have dealt with the • subjects of immediate interest to the farmer; and the success of these classes may bo estimated by the fact that they have been attended by over 1200 students. In several instances students* associations have been formed at the closing of the class. These facts indicate a; decided change in the atti turo which is being adopted by farmers gene rally witb regard to agricultural education. Movements are also on foot in Warrnam bool, Gcelong, Bendigo, Ballarat, and other centres for the establishment of Agricultural High Schools. Classes in connection with tho education of butter factory managers liavo been attended by 70 managers. The course comprised dairy bacteriology, grading of butter, preparation for export, grading of cream, testing for acidity and butter-fat valuo, checking of wastes, and various items of practical importance in connection with the management of an up-to-date butter fac tory. A fortnight was 6pcnt in Melbourne and a week at Cobdcn Butter Factory. The results have been very satisfactory, and have exceeded anything of the kind previously undertaken by the department in tills direc tion. As one feature of the permanent edu cational work carried on by the department, 1 may mention thoT exhibition of Victorian produce established: in Flinders-street, with the. object of not only exhibiting first-class samples of tho different kinds of Victorian produce, but also to educate the producer and consumer alike by exhibiting approved machinery and apparatus, and demonstrate j ing tho most up-to-date methods of preparing tho difTcrcnt kinds of produce for the market. Tho exhibition is not only visited by largo numbers of consumers from the i city, but is also ono of tho chief centres of attraction for farmers when they are in town. In conjunction with this exhibition, the departmental exhibits at agricultural and other shows havo been amplified and extended. In order to improve the breed of horses and maintain and develop our export trade with India and other countries, the Government has decided to devote a sum of £3000. As a first step, it is proposed to offer premiums for selected sires, and to draw up regulations for certifying to the , freedom from disease and unsoundness of all stallions whoso owners wish to have them examined. The regulations under which , tho measures will be carried out will short ly bo published." LOANS. After detailing at length with the position of the funded debt of the State, Mr. Bent con tinued:—Honorable members will havo in their recollection tho speech of the Minister for Water Supply on the 7th of September last, when he foreshadowed the Irrigation policy of this Govorament, and indicated that an expenditure of some £250,000 a year for, say, six years, would be required to compass tho objects to be attained. To enable this to be dono, the Government proposes to seek tho requisite authority, before the close of this Session, to raise locally tho amounts as required over the period I have indicated. Before closing my remarks on loan expendi ture, I desire to inform the committee that the Cabinet has under consideration a Bill providing for the establishing and controlling of small improved holdings of land. This Bill is chiefly founded on the Danish system, and under it probationary tenants receive as sistance, under supervision, until the land is sufficiently improved to enable the tenants to become self- supportiug and obtain a lease. It is my intention to introduce this Bill with out unnecessary delay, so that, if possible, it may become law before the termination of the Eession. SETTLEMENT AND IMMIGRATION. In regard to closer settlement, tho Press have been too severe in their strictures, and do not make sufficient allowance for tho un avoidable delays that have taken place in getting possession, and in making tho neces sary surveys and sub-divisions which are ab solutely essential before the land can be thrown open. A great deal will depend ujion how this land is absorbed when considering tho quetsion of future acquirements, and should there be any lack of applications the Government may have to consider the ad visability of placing some of this land at the disposal, in London, of future immigrants from the old country; though our own people should know, from their knowledge and bringing up, how best to make farming in Vic toria a payable occupation. The committee will observe from the report that the Lands Purchase Board commends to the serious con sideration of the Minister the quetsion that some provision for a homestead, and neces sary fencing, bo made'in the Closer Settle ment Act to meet cases of families possessed of furniture, working plant," and stock, going into possession, without the necessary capital for their orcction. Should any of these lands be placed at the disposal of intending immi grants, I think the committee will agree with me that at least a habitable house should be ! erected for them also, so that, on their arrival, they may at once be able to go into 1 occupation and have at least a dwelling in which to lay their heads. Some such reci procal scheme as I have here lightly touched upon seems a necessary corollary to tho vari ous views which have been so freely express ed of late, in the press and on the public piat fotm, on the question of immigration. Some of its advocates look at the question from a selfish point of view; sonic, only from sym- | pa thy and consideration for our kindred at homo. I am actuated by both, for I cannot forget what is due to that dear old mother- , land which, unsolicited, is watching over us with a mother's care, and. who, with a mo ther's foresight, has, within the last few days, determined to establish a naval base within a | few days' sail of our shores, which should tend to allay our fears of. any intermeddling of the nations, for so long as the British raco holds the "Gates of the East," so long shall our security bo absolutely assured from any of the nations who may be tempted to lay vio lent hands upon our adopted country. 