THE POPULATION PROBLEM. —Encouraging Immigration.— I Dr. R. Arthur, M.L.A., of New Soutri Wales, is an enthusiast with regard to tfao introduction of immigrants into New South Wales and Australia generally. In conversation with a representative of The Register, he said:—"I want to .try and stir up; interest in State-aided immigration throughout all the States. We have start ed what is called the Immigration League of Australia in Sydney for the purpose of awakening interest and bringing pressure to beat; upon the Federal and State authori ties to arouse them in the matter." —The People We Want.— "What sort of people do you desire here?"—"Solely agricultural settlers. It is out of the question to think <k inducing any other class of people to come out. We are altogether overrun with men of the clerical profession, and even artisans." —Nationality Not an Essential Question.— "Do you prefer any particular national ity?"—"The jdea is to logk for them in the United Kingdom, but there is no rea son why we should confine our attention to the old country, and we may seek to get them in any part of Europe. At the present time half a million Italians leava Italy every year, and 200,000 people go out of Austria-Hungary, Such people as thesa would make good settlers, especially if they were attracted to the more tropical parts of Australia. In New Zealand 'it has been found that Austrians make good settlers. We have an Italian colony on the Ricb ir.ond River, in New South Wales, which has turned out a great success. I believe the German colonists in South Australia are among the most desirable settlers you have. If We could get some of the frugal, indus trial Danish or Scandinavian fanners, or those from north Germany, they would prove a great object lesson to our own. people as an example of how to work I —New South Wales r, Ports.— I As regards New South Wales the present Agent-General (Mr.Coghlan) was sent home specially to try to obtain/lesirable settlers, and he has .been fairly successful. We have received notice that he has secured 150 emigrants, all of whom have more or less capital. Fifty of thepi are on the way out. It is understood that land will, be found for .them on the Myall Creek Es tate, provided that it is resumed under the Compulsory Closer Settlement Resumption. Act. Although thrown open for selection it was not taken up readily by the people in the country. It is thought that these immigrants from England will be satisfied I with the land, which varies in price from I £3 to £1 10/ per acre. The terms of | payment are extended over a long series of years. —Smoothing the Way for Newcomers.— These 50 settlers on the way out are going j to various agricultural colonies in New ' South Wales for three months for nothing, so that they may pick up some experience before they eo to tlieir own land. Mr. Oar luthers has formed an intelligence depart ment, at the head of which he has placed Mr. H. C. L, Anderson, formerly Director of Agriculture, and an energetic and up-to date man. The difficulty in New South Wales, as in other States, is to find land for such people as well as for our own resi dents, and recent revelations in connection, with the Lands Commission now sitting in Sydney have proved that a large area of land fitted for closer settlement has been obtained by means of bribery, and baa been locked up for 28 years. It is now pro posed that many of these so-called im- * provement leases shall be cancelled, sur veyed, and made suitable for closer settle ment. If this is done it is thought that there should be 3,000,000 or 4,000,000 acres for closer settlement in the imme diate future. At the same time a number of private estates are subdivided and offer ed to immigrants on easy terms. —Reviving an Old Scheme.— As yet Mr. Carruthers has instructed the Agent-General to accept only immigrants who have a certain amount of capital; but I believe that, as it is so neces sary to have practical agricultu ral labourers, and as Mr. Cogh lan has informed the Premier-of Neva South Wales that a number of practical men without much capital would be glad to go out, an attempt will he maae to re turn to the system of assisted passages?, which has heen done in New Zealand for some years past, and as is the case now in Western Australia. I understand that Mr. Carruthers is about to place a small sum on .t.he Estimates' this year for that purpose. Mr. Ashton, the Minister for Lands, has taken energetic steps to ascer tain what area of Crown lands is avail able for closer settlement; It was general ly understood that there was none, but a few months ago he went on a voyage of discovery along one of our northern rivers, and one of the consequences of this has been to throw open the Don Dorrigo coun try—a level plateau, 200,000 acres of which is supposed to contain some of the finest land in the State. Various other areas are being surveyed, and it is thought that in a short time not only will there be plen ty of land available to meet the local de mand, but to provide accommodation for a large number of immigrants. —Silly Practices.— At the present time a, silly system is being carried out, by which .the States are really pilfering from one another. For in stance, Western Australia has agents-in the east trying to induce settlers to leave their present homes and go to Western Austra lia, and the Queensland Government has lately opened an office in Sydney for the same purpose. Money spent in this way! could be laid out much patter in Europe in trying inducfe people to come to Austr^IiAi ' 