OUTSIDE OURSELVES. FOOD OF FRUIT TREES. Not content with having precipitated upon us a grievous troublo in tho enormous Immigration from Europe and Asia to our eastern and west ern shores, with hordes of Japaneso threatening lo como, tho gods of Progress and Change now liavo breached our walls to tho northward, and I the first rush of what, is destined to be a mighty hegira is pouring from the United States into western Canada. rt is wholly an artificially directed movement, the work of the Canadian Government, the Canadian railroads, and the Canndian land speculators. Sound economic principles, however, underlie the superficial causes that have set the tens of thousands on i. the movo. It is now too late to deflect the cur- ) rent, and all that is left for tbe good Ameri cans who have been asleep is to waken to in quiry into the mixed good and evil that shall ; result: then, if possible, harvest, tlio one and nolly tho other. — "Collier's Weekly." A BREACH IX THE "WALL. On the average tbe various kinds of fruit re quire: — Potash, 100-1501b. to the acre: nitrogen, 1 50-76!b. ; phosphoric acid, 40-501b.; lime up to I 2501b.; according to the soil in which the trees are growing. Although lime is required in the largest proportion, the majority of soils contain sufficient. Wo know that very heavy clay soils benefit by tho audition of lime in a caustic state. Tho nitrogen can bo applied in the form of expensive nitrates, but the best way to obtain nitrogen in the toil, and the least expen sive is by the use of those plants to which Nature has given the power of taking the nitro gen from tho air, aud, when fixed, the plants must bo ploughed under. This is tho method known as green manuring, and about which pages can be written.— "Garden aud Field" (South Australia). I ARGENTINE STOCK REGULATIONS. The Republic ot Argentine makes tho publica tion of pedigrees of imported stock obligatory, and to enforce it has issued the following de crees: — Art. 1. — Immediately on live stock being delivered to the LazareLto for quarantine Inspection the presentation of pedigrees (birth certificates, entry In the corresponding register) I is horowith declared obligatory for animals I which arc imported, and when such documents do not contain it, the owner or his represen tative must enter Lherein the marks or signs . which identify each animal. Art. 2. — The import and export inspection of the port will annotate I in the books of entry all tho data contained in tho pedigree respecting the animal, such as name, sex, number, and date of entry in tho stud books of the country of origin, and, if possible, the volume and page of I hose registers, as also tho marks and signs which identify it, and the number or order of entry in tho books of tho office, which will serve to distinguish it during tho quarantine process. Art. 3. — When ine requisites oi article a-, oi tne sanitary police regulations have been carried out, the inspec- 1 tion will return tho pedigrees to the owners of : the animal, with a uote as to the number of i entry and the acccptanco or sacrifice ot tho animal." — Exchange. RULES FOR MILKING. The Danish Control- Unions place the follow ing poster in their milking sheds: — "1. A cow is a living animal which punishes neglect through less milk. Kind treatment produces : more milk and lessens work. 2. Use perfects the living implement. Complete milking develops the udder, increases tho quantity, and produces milk containing more fat. The milk which is obtained last contains four times as much fat as tho first. 3. Milk properly, by seizing the teats with the wholo hand, and do not forgot the slight pressure on tho udder above, by wlilch you promote the flow of the milk. Caress tho cow after milking. 4. Cleanliness at milk ing: Brush your cows daily, and more particu larly the udder; and clean bedding should not be neglected, nor the care of the skin. Use a coarse cloth for cleaning the udder; only where it is dirty with excrements use water; but your bands should be washed before you milk another cow. Milk with dry hands. 5. Report at once if the udder shows irritability or ulcers, ob structions to tho flowing of the milk, or if hard to strip, or unnatural appearance of the milk. 6\. Milk always at. tho same time, and the cows in tho same order. 7. Let It be a foregone mat ter of honor to carry on milking in tlio best possiblo manner." 