ITEMS IN BRIEF he pneumatic tubo idea origin din 1667 Big bells ara now made from el not from bell metal [here are 17000000 children in issia between the ages of six and who are not receiving any acation President Roosevelt has waived claim to summon tho second guo Conference in favor of the are The death is announced of lonel Frank Rnoder of Cape- rn of black water fever con- tected in Uganda The Swedish and Norwegian rliarnents will meet on October to discuss the result of the irlstad conference The 25 miles road cycling tmpionship of Australasia was a in Victoria on Saturday by W Hawley The Canadian Government has nplained about the action of pan in seizing a schooner which s laden with salt for Saghalien The Danish Minister for Agcicul a has visited London to arrange the more rapid transit and tor handling of Danish pr tects. The deadlock in the Moroccan otiations continues It is ex- pented that the French Foreign niater will suggest reference to Hague Arbitration Tribunal. According to a leport presented the general assembly of the abyterian Church of Australia ing in Melbourne there are 5019 Presbyterians in the Com nwealth Since the arrival of artillery re moments at Baku order has in partially restored the authori i alowly regaining the ascen icy Bands of robbers are acking trains in the vicinity tho city In one instance 32 senger8 were wounded and one led The leader of the German Libe i attributes the increasingly lined rotations with England to glands action in preparing for a il reckoning Despite all Eng ds menaces said Herr Basser n and the impudent speeches the English Admirals Germany I build the strong fleet she re res anama after throwing off the nish yoke became a sovereign te then joined the Republio of v Granada and afterwards the ited States of Columbia In 3 owing to trouble arising out tho Panama Canal question it in declared its independence and i formed into a separate Re ilic Costa Rica an indepen t State since 1821 formed from i to 1829 part of the Confedera lof Central America Since the t date it has been a sovereign te ???? Lieutenant Col Ryrie has been selected as the Reform candidate for the next election in the Quoan beyan electorate General Booth is willing to sub mit each of his 5000 emigrant can didates for the approval of the Agents General The New Zealand Rugby football team now touring in Britain has defeated Cornwall by 41 points 4 goals and 7 tries to nil Russian and Japanese admirals havo met and agreed upon a sea zono whence warships with contra band shall be excluded It has been resolved by 1814 of the 9000 Moscow University stu dents to make the University a revolutionary centre The British Government has de cided to purchase the Commercial Docks at Singapore and to establish a naval base there The State Government has re ceived a letter from Mr Coghlan stating that applications have been received for 18 farms on Myall Creek At a meeting of the Electrical Association of New South Wales held at the University last night Professor Pollock delivered a paper on 'The Conduction of Electricity through Gases The Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants England) has voted in favor of compulsory annual levy of a shilling a head for the payment of labor members of Parliament On Saturday two brothers George Nelson Kirkland (14) and Rich mond Augustus Kirkland (12) were drowned in a claypit at Harrick ville The foriner was trying to save his younger brother M Franz Kossuth leader of the Hungarian Party has been invited by the Emperor of Austria to form a Cabinet excluding military ques tions from his programme Kossuth opposed the condition on the ground that he had the electors mandate The Times states that the crisis has reached a stage of extreme gravity It has been decided to blow up the 70 tons of dynamite in the wreck of the steamer Chatham which partially blocks the Suez Canal After the RMS China passes en route to Australia on Wednesday the Chatham will be exploded by electricity It is feared the debris will block the canal for several days As the members of the Chinese Commission appointed to study the Parliaments of the world wero leaving Pekin a bomb exploded inside their aalcou car Shu a Cabinet Minister was Beverely injured and Wu Ting Fang formerly Chinese Ambassa dor at Washington was Blightly woundod The perpetrators were blown to pieces Tuesday was the 50th anniver sary of the construction of tho first public railway line in this State After several audiences with the Czar Mr W T Stead has been authorised to hold public meetings in Russia to discuss politics Mr WT Stead who is in Russia desires to arouse enthusiasm regarding the Duma by emphasising the advantages conceded Fifteen large steamers havo beta chartered at Corunna for feeptem ber and October to convey emigrants to South America Some Galician villages are totally deserted The total number of police in Sydney and suburbs with a popu lation of 518570 ia 987 and in Melbourne and suburbs 775 with a population of 508450 Empty bombs and numerous bottles containing a yellowish fluid havo been discovered in the well of a house at Pera (Turkey) occupiod by a British subject Ibis suggested by St Petersburg papers that the right to a free pas sage through the Dardanelles would be a practical basis for an Anglo Russian understanding In a letter to Mr Doakin Mr Carruthers intimated that there was an area of 1800000 acres known as the Pilliga scrub near Narrabri available for settlement Early in October after the Peace terms have been ratified the British Far Eastern squadron and the Japanese fleet will be as sembled in Tokio Bay President Roosevelts object in endeavouring to secure peace is said to have been a desire to waid off the yellow peril by affording Japan ese a field for activity in Manchuria and Korea Admiral Niebogatoff Admiral Smirnoff and other high officers of the Baltic Fleet prisoners in Japin have been permitted to go home on parole Captain Boisuian the cap tain of the Russian cruiser Peres viet has died in Japan Admiral Rozhjestvenski is nearly convales cent The condition imposed upon the Hungarian leaders by the Emperor Francis Joseph is practically an ultimatum The brusque reception of the Hungarian leaders by the Emperor has greatjy offended Hun gary On their retnrn from Vienna the Hungarian leaders were greeted with a great ovation by the people of BudaPesth Mr Moors a loading Samoan resident speaks highly of German administration in that group He denies that the natives are subjec ted to crushing taxation as recently asserted The tax per head of the native male population he states is only 4s as against 24s in Fiji and over 30s in Tonga Owing to the dearne33 of meat and other necessaries tho employees of the Berlin electrical engineering companies asked for an advance of 15 per cent in wages Tho cm ployers offered 5 per cent Owing io a refusal to resume work two companies have locked out 8000 men Other trades threaten to strike As a result of the conferenco be tween Norwegian and Swedish Swedish representatives at Karls tadfc an agreement as to separation has been arrived at A submersible vessel launched at Kiel is said to be an exact copy of a Fronch submarine It is al leged that plans were treasonably sold to Germany Lord Dudley Lord Lieutenant of Ireland was capsized while sailing in a yacht on Loch Erne. He and two friends were rescued just when about to sink. Lord Selborno (High Commis sioner of South Africa) has created an excellent impression among the Dutch by a speech which he de livered at a farmers' meeting at Rusteaburg Road. The Czar has directed M. Witte, the Russian pence plenipotentiary, after visiting President Loubot; to see the Gorman Emperor. St. Petersburg telegrams assert thai the Russian evacuation of Man churia will only bo loft oh the Chinese frontior. Referring to General Booth's emigration scheme, Mr Keir Hardie, M.P., points out that there are mil lions of acres of vacant land in Great Britain. 'It would there fore be needless;' he assorts, ' to ship tho unemployed abroad like vormin, if they were trained and equipped for work at homo.' The action by James Leigh against Patrick Lynch, for the re covery of £500 for alleged falsa im prisonment, eame to a; sensational ending on Saturday; A verdict for defendant .was returned, and the Chief Jusitce directed the police to take action against plaintiff and his wife for perjury. At the inquest on the body of the Chinaman who was shot in Wellington, N.Z , the verdict was that he ' met his death at the hand of Lionel Terry.' Terry, who was present in custody, said he chose Yung as his victim, because he was old and decropit, seeming as if life was a burden to him. M. Witto, senior Russian peace \ 1 plenipotentiary, has arrived .in Berlin, where he received an. ovation. Mr. W. A. Holman has been elected deputy-leader of the State . Labor Party. The position was first offered to Mr. Edden. Sir Wilfred Laurier has asked Lord Lansdowno to arrange that Canada shall become a party to the Anglo-Japanese treaty. An Englishman who was rescued at Baku assorts that tho massacres were the outcome of an Armenian failure to induce the Tartars to join in a general rising. The residence of William John Shell, near Tumut, was destroyed by fire on Monday night, and a child 15 months old was burnt -to death. Speaking on tho aborigines in the Town-hall on Tuesday nightj the Bishop of Carpentaria said a Christian people should provide for the helpless raco it had displaced. The South Australian Agent General is anxious to co-operate in tho Federal .scheme for er-couraging immigration to Australia, and ha« written to Mr. Deakin. * It is the general opinion that the bookmakers ought to be thankful that Mr. Stead, of New Zealand, is not now a leviathan backer, seeing that when he did bet ho was a. Ring-breaker. The Mikado is personally con Bid -ring 100 memorials, urging him ? not to ratify tho treaty of peace. ? Tha Japanese public almost unani mously demand the resignation of ' tho Cabinet. Even the Ministers I are unable to conceal their grief at the terms of peace. . i Mrs. Helen Jerome, failing to \obtnin the Pope's . opinion of Aus tralian socialism, the vice-rector of , tho Irish College gave her hi3 opinion. ' So far as I can judge,' ho wro'e, 'the social programme | approved by Cardinal Moran is no more real socialism, as we under stand tho term, than Catholicism is Paganism.' 