STATE FINANCE. THE BUDGET STATEMENT. A SURPLUS OF NEARLY £527,000 THE RAILWAY ACCOUNTS. SURPLUS OF £41,629. REDEMPTIONS EXCEED BORROW INGS. THE STATE’S PRODUCTION AND TRADE. NO ALTERATION OF TAXATION. In the Legislative Assembly yester day. the State Treasurer (Mr Bent) delivered his Budget Speech. The Speaker took the chair at 3 o’clock. * " Shortly afterwards the Hpuse re solved itself into committee of sup plv, when the chairman of committees (-Mr A. AY. Craven), presided. Mr BE XT, who was greeted witli a hearty cheer, said : INTRODUCTORY. Honorable members raav Jiavo thought that the Budget shotild have heen delivered earlier in the session It, no doubt, could have been de livered when I gave mv figures to the House on 24th July, in intro ducing the'Surplus Revenue Bill when I stated the surf plus to bo approximately £508,481. but on that, date I had not received from the Federal Treasurer the esti mate of the Commonwealth payment to the State, which did not reach me nntal a few days before Sir .John Fcrrest delivered his Budget speech on 22nd August. The advantage of waiting until now is that the figures I am presenting to the House are those presented to the Auditor-General for audit, and, so far as the Treasury is concerned, are absolutely final—with one exception—that, is, that the un appropriated balance of the surplus is not yet- transferred to a trust ac count. This will not be done until the amount, is finally determined after the audit of the accounts somewhere about the end of the month. The first statement which I wish to draw your attention is that which shows that-, excluding the railways, the total revenue for the year was" £3,900,537. In my Budget of the 11th October, 1904\. I estimated that this revenue would reach £3,709,370, but I have had the good fortune to receive £131,107 more than I estimated. It may be interesting to honorable members how this was arrived at. 3 he Commonwealth gave me over my estimates £47,378, income tax gave me over my estimates £41,943, pro bnte duties gave me over my estimates I £15,370. territorial revenue gave me oyer mv estimates £18,405, and the difference, £8,005, honorable members will find distributed under various heads of receipts. The expenditure j for the year was £3,415,182, which, taken from tho receipts, £3,900,537, leaves ine with a surplus irrespective of alio railways, of £485,355. The expenditure which I have just stated is fully set out. both as re . gaida special appropriations and votes, ! on pages 9 to 12 of the Budget papers. Now, turning to our great trading department, the railways, honorable members will observe on page 2 that tho gross revenue for the year that was paid into the Treasury totalled £3.021,051. The estimate of the Commissioners', as given bv me on 11th October, 1904.; was £3,450,000, so I received £171,051 in excess of the esti mate. In extending those receipts in the balance-sheet, it will be ob served that only £11,931 was trans fered to tho railway accident fund. That sum does not represent the half t per cent, on the revenue derived from fares; but this is explained by the I fact that tho accident fnnd has now reached the limit of £50,000 put- upon 1 it by Act. No. 1946. Turning to tho expenditure on rail ways, the estimate given by the Com missioners! on Ith October last for working expenses., including belated repairs, but exclusive of recoups, was £1,937,605. The actual expenditure under that head, including belated re pairs. was £1,933,708, or a saving on the estimates of £3,897. The fact that an excess of revenue of £171,051 was earned with a saving of, expendi j ture of £3,897, speaks more forcibly ! to honorable members that any words coming from me. After providing | for full interest and expenses on the loan monors invested in our rarl -1 ways, after charging the department with the whole of the pensions and gratuities paid during the year, after providing for a recoup of loan moneys, temporarily advanced prior to 1903, for revenue purposes, to an extent of £78,770, which was £30,124 in ex cess of the statutory requirement, the Railways Commissioners closed their financial year in the Treasury hooks with a surplus of £41,629. Honor able members will please note that 'bin is ihe surplus in the Treasury ! books. In the railway balance-sheet ,t is different. There, pensions and gratuities are excluded. Bank in terest is credited for loan and other moneys on hand—while, on the other hand, revenue from periodical ticket holders in appropriated to the year in which tho service is performed, and the Commissioners have deducted- from their gross recoipst certain - amounts which were placed at their disposal by the Surplus Revenue Act. This gross' revenue from the railways of £3,'621,051 Is the largest ever earned by the railways of. this State, the next largest being £3,417,011 in 1903 r 4, and the next £3,378,529 for the year 1901-2. As I explained in my Brighton speech, that -in the past,, for the last forty- S sight- years, tie railways, with four ex i ©eptions, showed the balance oil the I wrong side of the ledger. These excep tions were rhe years—lBB3-4, there the surplus was £16,730; 1886-7. where the | surplus was £81,120; ISB7-S, where the surplus was £65,122 ; ISSB-9, where the surplus was £135,527; while the surplus j for last year was, as I stated. ■ £41,629. It has been said, “You may thank Providence for this.” So I do. His bountiful rains and propitious seasons ' have brought' joy and gladness to many Ia home. Rut I also give credit to those whose management- and fore- I sight, under those propitious circum stances, have brought forth such bene ficial results. The result of the work ing of the railways for the past- year, epitomised ns much as possible, is shown under the following heads: Net Txpenditure on Capital Account-. —Only £62,341; the lowest on record. Reduction in Total Train Mileage.— 2,261,579 miles, or 20 per cent., as com pared with that of year 1901-2 (tliq year with tho lorgest gross revenue prior to present administration), notwithstand ing that the gross revenue was 6.4 per cent, more than in that year. Of this reduction. 995,696 mi'es were in goods train service, and 723,563 in mixed train sendee. Increase in gross revenue, as com pared with year 1901-2, £214,423. Decrease in working expenses, as com pared with year 1901-2. £179,737. Gross revenue per train mile, 7s 11.25d: highest since 1877. _Net Revenue.—Largest yet earned; £75,298 more than for first year of pre sent administration, and £336.627 more than for any year prior thereto. Net, Revenue per Mile of Railway.— Highest for sixteen years; and per tra.ii\ mile, highest, for twenty-six years. Percentage of Working Expenses.— 52.23 per cent, of gross revenue; the lowest since year 1879. Interest Charges on Railway Debt.— Paid in full in the year 1903-4 (a- result not obtained since the yoar 1888-9), and also in the year 190445. In addi tion. £368.041. applied during the two -years towards reduction of extraordi nary liabilities taken over by Commis sioners at Ist July. 1903. Increase in Average Tonnage of Goods Trains.— 42 per cent., as com pared with that of year 1901-2. Reduction in Value of Stores.— £118,050 during the year, and £263.412 during the last- two years, thus increas ing the cash on hand available for the. purchase of stores to £226.357 at the 30th June, 1905. after repaying to the State Treasury £115.000 of'loan funds advanced hv the Government for that purpose prior to the present adminis tration. The introduction, throughout the ser vice. of mid-monthly payments of sala ries and wages. 1 On the 30th June last the consoli dated revenue deficit account was at debit £1,959,119. so we are progressing, slowly but surely, in the right direc tion. in having made a reduction of £297.000. To the amount shown in the return to which I am inviting your attention must be added the amount at debit of j tile land sales by auction fund—ns ! shown at the foot of the statement. I j omit the amount- we still owe for the Treasury Bonds in aid of revenue not yet matured; for these are shown and included tinder the funded debt, but honorable members will observe that while tho land sales by auction fund was at debit £502,51 7 on 30tli June. 1893, it. is being steadily reduced year by year, so that at present the debit stands at- onlv £267.490. a reduction of £235,327. This debit I liope to largely decrease, if not to wipe out altogether, when I. am in a position to place oil. the market the land which has been so much benefited by the fund. Honor able members will know that I refer to the lands at Warrnnmfcool, Lake Gil len, etc., also at Elwood. onee a swamp. , but. now becoming one of the beauty I spots surrounding our city. In addi tion. I will have tlie amounts at pre sent overdue and accruing due for land sold at auction, which amounts to about £82,000. For dc-tails of the ex penditure under the land sales bj- auc tion fund, honorable members are re ferred to page 43 of the budget papers. THE RAILWAYS. Shortly, we expect a- surplus on the accounts, excluding the railways, of £68,424, and a deficiency on the rail ways of £SG,IS7. leaving us with a credit balance on the year of £12,237. It has been said—“ How preposterous it is, estimating a deficiency \on the railways during the coming year.” But the committee has before it simply tlie estimate as furn’shed by the Commis sioners themselves. The chairman of the Commissioners has assured me that in estimating a gross revenue this year of £3.500,000, in face of the actual re oei-ws of last year of £3.021,051. or £121.051 less they have in anticipation, should the prospects of the harvest still continue to be favorable, concessions in rreigirs and fares during the latter half of the year; and that will, to some extent, account for tho reduced estimate in the receipts. Honorable members may like to hear the Commissioners' own wolds, so 1 shall give them to the House as I received them: —“111 regard to the current, fiscal year, it is anticipated from the reports ! which have been received by the Commis sioners that-, with favorab’e weather enn i dit.ions, a bonntiful harvest of grain ami i other agricultural produce will result. i but, owing to the fact that the harvest of last season was considerably loss than ! that of the previous season—the decrease in wheat alono being over 7.000.600 i bushels—it is estimated that- the re ! venue of the first six months of tlie cur '■ rent yoar will show an appreciable de crease as compared with tlie correspond ing period of the preceding year. If. however, the present, prospects arc fully realised, some of the reduction may ho ; regained in the latter half of the year. ; The conditions have been favorable fre pastornlists. and the percentage of lamb ing has consequently been excellent, and in order that- the Commissioners mav be able to satisfactorily deal with the large increase in the fat- lamb and sheep j traffic—especially the former—which is j consequently expected during the year, I arrangements have been made tc- con struct. and have ready by tlie end of th ; s| month 50 additional sheep trucks, at a cost of £lO,OOO. A considerable increase Is also anticipated in the carnage of but ter for export, and 50 additional re frigerator trucks are .in course of con struction, and will be ready by the end of the month—these will oost £15,300; and 100 louvre trucks are also- "nd-?r construction at a cost of £19,009, charged to the roiling stock replace ment fund, for this and other perishable traffic. There ore 23 4DD’ engines under construction, costing £71,000,) and 10 of these, it- is anticipated,' will be available for traffic during the ensuing grain sea son.. The 10 are being charged to work ing expenses, and. the remainder'will be charged to the dolling stock replace ment fimd. The Commissioners antici pate that the large amount- of money dis tributed through the country, as the re sulti of tite good seasons experienced by agriculturists and pastoralists during the last tu o years, followed by the an- J ticipated good season and high prices in this, year, will have a favorable influence on the revenue from passenger, and mer chandise traffic.; In the event of a good harvest during ,tlie coming season, and other conditions remaining favorable, it is the intention ,of the Commissioners to recommend for the approval of the Gov ernment some reductions in the goods rates in the higher classes, and also to make some modifications in the goods classification, to take effect about, the Ist January next, and at the same time to entirely abrogate the conditions ap plicable to mixed six-ton lots of goods, which were operative in the whole of the State some time ago, and are still opera tive in some districts. It is also pro posed, as soon as' the bylaw is prepared, and has been approved by the Governor in Council, to extend the taper in the agricultural produce rates to the stations in the Eastern, -south-eastern, HeaJes ville, VThittlesoa," Eltham. and Stony Point lines, and the branches connect : ing therewith.” SURPLUS REVENUE. Now, leaving the railways, and dent ing with the whole finances or the State, honorable members will observe that the snrnlus for the year totals the sum rf £523,05-1. It, is unnecessary for me to re mind tluvooinniitreo that. Parliament, by the Surplus Revenue Act, No. ISG9, appropriated £505,117, of this amount leaving a sirm of £18,8(37, ns the Act specifies, “in a fund to bo dealt) with as Parliament may hereafter direct.” When I tiro Auditor-General confirms this bal ance I shall then ask the sanction of Parliament lor a further appropriation. When debating the Surplus Revenue Bill, I think it' will-bo within! the recol lection of honorable members that I stated then that I anticipated a further sum of some £lo,oGo, so that my expectations are more than realised. L- am not going to inflict on honor-able members any fur ther remarks in regard to the disposal of the itrrplnw included in the Surplus Revenue Act of 1905. The items are well known to this House and the country; ! and I can only say how pleased anti I proud I am at tho almost unanimous ap- j proval with which the press' and people of this State hare confirmed the action of Parliament in the disposal of that surplus. ESTIMATES OF EXPENDITURE. The committee will observe that we commenced the year ISS9-90 with a sur plus of £1,7(1 (.8-16, but by the time tho j end,of tho year 1901-2 was reached that surplus was changed into a doficienev— I our maximum deficiency— of £2,256,119. ! Tho estimates of revenue ;uid expendi ture have given me many anxious hours I of thought and consideration—more than I Rome honorable members will give me I credit for—and I have come to the con- I elusion that it is far better for the Trea- I surer to be on the safe side, ami that it. lis better for tho Treasurer 12 months bents to have a larger surplus than he estimates that for ltim to have to tell! the House that there is once again n j heavy deficiency. It- may not he out. of place for me to avail myself of tho oc i casion to say, ;is I said at Brighton, a few words in defence of the system, only , lately adopted, of restricting the esti mates of expenditure to the barest re ! qn; remains for the forthcoming year, and then, when we know how we stand, how the finances will “pan out,” expend ing the surplus after paying 'ib into a I trust fund, when we know that, we have got it- It, is. I contend, safer finance than to load "the estimates in anticipa tion. and spend in anticipation. This' has led to our deficiencies in the past, for a recurrence of which I, as Treasurer, and, I trust, all future Treasurers, will be careful to guard against,. ESTIMATES OF REVENUE. Dealing first with revenue to be derived from the Commonwealth, it will bo ob servide that the gross receipts in Victoria are estimated at £3,142,294. or £14,621 less than the actual receipts for last year. Tlie Commonwealth expenditure for Vic toria is estimated at -ei.2pi.300, or £04.84.3 m excess of last yen--. ' The rcsult'of a reduced estimate of revenue, with an in creased estimate of expenditure, leaves the balance to be handed over to tho State as £1,937.914, or £109,164 lees than we actually received last year. Honor able members twill understand that these are not my estimates, but those of Sir John Forrest, the Federal Treasurer, ns given in his Budget statement, and the State Treasurers invariably accept them as a basis for their State estimates. Tho •committee -will observe the difficulties of the position in which I, ns State Trea surer, am placed by an estimate being sprung upon me at tho last moment of £llO.OOO less tha nmv actual receipts of last year, and how much more tory it would be if, when the term ior which the “Braddon" clause- was eaa*;t ed expires, seme scheme was devised under which the Treasurer would know definite ly when framuKr his estimates how much he would actually receive. Honorable members will observe *hnt we estimate a falling-off of some ,£33,000 under State excise and inland levenue compared with the actual receipts under that head last year* The income tax. Mr Webb thinks, will be about .£17,000 less than, last year. This wiU partly bo accounted for by certain concessions which the Cabinet have determined ;o make in connection with milling divi dends. The committee must not look for any increase in the land tax in the face of the work done, both’ officially and privately, in connection with closer settle ment; and that uncertain item probate duty, has been estimated as before. Turning to territorial the Minister of Lands estimates that I shall receive ■£120.000 less than I did last year. Hon orable members will understand that pressure was brought to bear on the se lectors last year, in the face of two good harvest, to pay up their arrears, with the result that, while the rents in anwear on 30th June. 1903. totalled *£315.-118, on 30th June. 1904, they were lowered to .£252.361; while on 30th June last they were reduced to .£117.393. In arriving at the results, honorable mombets must not be led awav with the belie? that the de partment dealt harshly with these ten ants, for the honorable the Minister as sures me that in everv case where it was made to appear that the selector was not able to afford it he wn6 not unduly prese nd for his arrears. Under public works the chief item is the railways, with »t*> estimate of .£3,500.000. which I fully re ferred to at the com men cement of my speech, and ns regards the remaining items there is but little departure from the estimate and receipts of lost year. There is one litt'e item under laneous" on page 8 that may- escape the notice of all but the mining a reduction from .£4OOO to £l5OO in the royalties under the Cyanide Patents Pur chase Act. This is shortly explained by the fact that during the year the rovnTtv will have reached the purchase money for the patent r : quently the royalty charges will no longer lie made. With three large decreafos in revenut* —Commonwealth £llO.OOO, kinds £120,000. and railways £109.000, or a total of £339.ooo—honorable members will under stand why I bring down an estimate of revenue of only £7.1-15.753, or £74,000 lees than my estimate of last yea r. SPECIAL APPROPRIATIONS. Turning to tho expenditure. It. is not mv intention to weary tho committee with details of the annual votes as shown in the estinates in your hands, distributed to-night, or to the special appropriations. Under the tetter, however, there are a few items to which I-would jnvite the at tention of honorable members. I still intend to change the £28,00G for the half per cmilj Redemption Find on. the £5.600.000 under the Lean Acts 1560 and 1562 to the Mailed land Account. I differ from soon© honorable members who think that the Mallee Land Account will be depleted by these charges. I I admit that, in consequence of this debit, the fund dropped from £52.443 on 30th June. 1904, to £49.316 on 30th June last, hut this failing-off will only bo tern porttry. \- With the revival of ipna?perity in the .Mall©9 country, at ‘present due to our prosperous seasons, and in the future to be secured by our schemes of water sup ply. thas fund will- gradually iuonetas*, notwithstanding this annual drain of £28,000 upon it towards redeeming our London loans, for which priirpose the’ fund was originally ear-marked. * Honorable member will observe that T had to in crease the amount to be provided for the redemption fund on. the three and n half ■'l!or cent, consolidated stock under Act 1360, on the supposition, that all the four per cent, bonds will bo converted into stock this year. The pension figures are interesting to those who make a study of that subject. The estimate shows a reduction on the payments of last year of £1,631, but these inductions would please me more if I felt assured that this heavy drag on our con solidated revenue was gradually becoming less. The old age pensions for the current year are estimated at JE192.000, being a reduction of .£B,OOO on the paymonte of last year. MUNICIPAL ENDOWMENT. It will be observed that the endowment to municipalities still remains at .£30,000, and a bill to give effect to this will short ly be introduced. Honorable members who think this endowment should not be reduced should remember the many, con cessions that have been made to the muni cipalities through the votes of the Public "Works Department, and by the various surplus revenue Acte. Those, shortly, stated, amount (ogrants for roads, etc., under Acts 1904 and 1945. LTD,OOO; under Act 1960, .£35,000; under voto of the public works for roads anil bridges, *£16,000. If I add to this the equivalent for tile year on account of Licensing Act, .£92,'!)00, we get a total dis bursement of £213,000. Anchor concession that has been made to them is some AJ12.000 per nunum un der the Unused Ponds and Water Drcut i ages Act, in addition to some -C30.000 to lie raised under that Act, whidi will bo expended by the Crown in the "construc tion and maintenance of roads. I have had a return prepared by the Public Works Department, showing an estimate of the total revenue under that Act, and the amount which will be apportioned to each municipality. ANNUAL VOTES AND SPECIAL APPROPRIATIONS. The salaries and departmental contin gs.ii cues included in those estimates amount to *£1,65G,901. This item for the previous year totalled .£1,634,754. The e.ilaries total .£1.236,070, compared with .£1,271,938 for the previous vear. Tilts difference of .£11,132 is chiefly ac counted for by t'ae increments provided m the estimates for the public servants, these- amount to .£12.290, of which sum tlie payment of .£4,455 is already sanc tioned, and the balance, .£7,841, if re commended, will probably be sanctioned from the Ist of January next. It has been thought advisable bv the Govern ment to arrange that for the future all increments should accrue due from two periods—the Ist January and the Ist Julv in each year. These payments of in cranmnts will bring a large number of otboois to the maximum of their class, and | so this item wilt not. be so Large in future l-eais. In detailing, on page 14, theprin- I C ;!, P ',, sorr ’ ces for which the amount of £1,60C,901 is required—there is but little (Ufferenoo from the amounts quoted in tlio previous year—there is one small de partment, however, that of Public Health I where an increase Tram .£14.963, tn 196-^ I m? -117,649, i.n 1905-6, is shown. This inc.roiso is ciiiefly due to the es tablishment of the Sanatorium for Con sumptives at Brosdmeadows. Although this department cannot be classed as di i-ertiy revenue-pi-oclucing. I ma.v be ™r mittod to point out to honorable members I "'ork, even from the ocouomjc and financial standpoint, cannot alto ge-her be ignored. In this" relation, I may mention that the extent of moriatitv tiom various diseases is frequently ex pressed by statesmen and statisticians in terms of money. The importance, therefore, of n national undeitaking. hav ing as its object the swing of tlieso lives "ill readily bo understood and appi-eciat ed. Comparing the number of deaths in the metropolis from this the present year with tho average number ot iic.itins during tho past five years for the siime period, it may be said that there ms already, diir ng the past nine months neon a large saving of vital wealth to the community. It has been well said that the standing c-re b ~~I r* 1 ? . u tn© Jives or its citizens* and in nett* o t this fact I may be mr i!°'i 0l . : | lb!e nieiubors in remind tfe t-brtt the present Gove.i-ument is tlie first to liayo made a direct forward “j“ r r e ln T comlxiting this great white pi. gue. Iain told by- those competent to anoiv mat the efforts we have made aie O-,’, c si - V io bea ’ r fruit. au o.mfula.itlv behove that if these eifo-ts aic. wise y and duly extended, and ado qUiitetV nuuutxiinps.l u-ithin ti»c nent IV.V I yent-., there will boa s:ili more marked diminution of this disease, and conso q,.o:x fiirriic-r saving of vital wealth. Jlinc.rabio members, t am sure, will a-reo with me that, in such a state as Vie .or:a, where tiio papulation is to nearly st:i senary, the value of moasuics clirert o.i io Lie saving of lives, and especially those tunt have been brought to maturity an ou \nicse, rearing. education, and train ing nmcji wealth has been expended, oa.ll n-c:ti;cr bo questioned nor ignored, There j for vqrkis and buildings of i .£309.96a. Hio amount under this h©id for tli© previous year was <£llS,Ol3 or |an increase in 1903-6 o»f £21,952. On re l|o*ciico to fca© esliim-.tes of the Public \\\o:ks Department, the committee will observe that, included in the estimate for 1905-6, is a sum of .£30,000 for biuldin^ repairing State school buildings. This. I would remind th© committoe,"is m addition to tlie large bums provided in tli© Surplus Revenue Act. 1 have had siring assurances tram the deua-rtmmit tliat this money is urgently required, and tliat the erection of many of the build i?,efs "‘ill croalo _for rent. \\\ bile on this subject I desire ro iviy a few words on our national State system of education, and on tho changes reiemiy introduced therein. educational. A movement is in progress to re-o>i"£un ire and extend agricultural education in Victoria. During the past year agricul tural education has been undertaken at the Univensity, and diplomas mid decrees in agriculture -have been instituted. A committee ot the Council of Agricultural Education, together with the Directors of Elucation and Agriculture, ha© been 1 formed to advise tlie Cabinet hd:':i th© best means of elaborating a national scheme of agricultural . education from the primary school to tiie Univeisity. i T-liUrt report will probably render neces- : Bury th© establishment of district agri cultural high schools. Th© Continua tion School established in Melbourne has proved very successful, and there was no j difficulty in obtaining tho full complement !*of two hun.irod pupils which it was do jtei mined to enrol. It is gratifying to j sol© that nearly half fcho pupils are from ; country districts. so that there will bo i litt'o difficulty in appointing them as junior'to sellers in country schools at. the ; completion o'.' their course. The claim.-? *; in aid of technical education have been toaviuoivd, aud in several cages special grants in a'd of buildings and appaiv,ti:s , have been provided. It will be reinom brred tliat, owing to the retrenchment policy pursued for many y©*rs with re spect to S'ad© school buildings, com plaints have, during the past two years, boon made that many of the State properies have been allowed to drift into deplorably unsatisfactory state. The Government has therefore determined to stop this drift backwards, and at the same time to ensure that the school buildings shall be maintained in a eatis -1 factory state of repair. The last Sur- i phi:? Revenue Art provided that ,£15.000 should be set aside for the sanitation and repair of metropolitan Stnt© schools, and 1 i for tho repair of country schools. Vigorous ociion uas been taJcen to> give effect to tho wishes of Parliament in this r©rpf*ct. and, as regards the met.io j)f/l;tau tchooli the necessary work of connecting them with th© sewerage sys tem v.'i'l, it is expected, b© arcomiilishcd in the vmv near future. In allocating grants for mi\inteir.ince in the estimates for tli© curent yo .r, I have seen fit to in cre se the giant at the of tho Public Wo-lw Dopirtnient fo? State arhool buihiings from to .£3:),(-00. as I beforo. stated. The physical and educational we!!-l>eing of the children arc sc, ultimately bound up with the efficient condittau of the school buildings that I am sure Parliament will support m© in spending money liberally to bring the scion's in(o a srtisfactory st.•’©!©, It is rcgietted that th© rnnaiy calls upon the ihensurer do not allow of mcie liberal treatment at present. Tt must ateo be :H*member© r ! that there is at present much overcrowding in State schools, ;m-l it will bo ncee-sirv in the near future to incur rddittana’ expenditure for the en largement of existing buildings and the bni'ding cj' new schools. During the yr'or a roafeience hris been hold between | ofHceim of the Education and Health De •rartmmits, nnd the architects of the Pub lic Weeks Dcnartmentj in order to for mulate miles for biiilding, and improv ing State schwls in accordance with the requirements of school hygiene. . MINING; . There is an item—" Furtherance of the minim® industry* j 614,820. Or .£2820 in ex cess of the provision for the last financial jtear; Tut this important industry has not been overlooked wfren drafting the Surplus Bentue Bill, os in that bill the committee will remember .£13,000 is pro vided to assist in this important industry. The yield of gold for the year 1901 total led 821,017 oz. or 1407 oz less than the i previous year, which was a record year for j the last live years. j Dredging is progressing satisfactorily.' The yield from that source in 1900 was, 25,020 oz; tor the last, the highest, it; reached 55,257 oz. The total amount of gold won in Victoria up to 30th June last is valued by the department at .£721,501,657 sterling. The output of coal for 1904 was 121,741 tons, being nearly double that of the previous year, which was very much re stricted try tetjrikes, and for the first sis. months of 1905 the output was 75.4G6 tons, showing that we are still on the up grade, and hope soon, now that all causes of. strife between thS~ruine-ownejs and the men are settled, to top the maxi mum of previous year. It is pleasing to observe that our Victorian coal commands the top price in the retail market. The total output of coat in Victoria to 30tlr June last was*. 2,434,-102 tens, valued n: the pit’s mouth at .£1,317,853. Ik my last Bridget I stated that five additional batteries were being obaim-d. to bo fitted with the latest improved gold saving appliances, and honorable mem bers will observe in the report that .£2OOO has been spent during the last financial year under that head. AGRICULTURAL PROSPECTS. Before leaving the estimates I desire to say a few words on our agricultural prospects, and in doing this I cannot do better than quote from an excellent re-' port I nave reserved from the Director of Agriculture: "In glancing at the result of last year's operations notable expansion is seen both in the Victorian and .. cstralinn produe ’ “Victorian exports—d;l9.7o7.o!ilh 1901\. .022,200,051. j "Victorian imports 1903, £17,859,171 ■ 1301\. .£20,091.951. ! “Total trade—l9o3, 2L7.5dG.171; 1994 ■ £•12.352,002. “Total Australian exports 1903 .£41.021,090; 190-1, £57,459.210. ; "The agricultural outlook for the com-1 tng season is undoubtedly good all over Victoria. The rainfall is general, though not heavy, has been well distributed, and a* f, 1 a small area on Cite edge of tho Alollec are there any complaints of the continued, dry, fresty weather injuring the prospect of the crop. A decided increase in the area, under- wheat is reported, and nearly- 2,500,000 acres will probably be harvested for grain, representing more than one-half of the total area of land under cultivation in Victoria. It m satisfactory to note tho steady improve ment in farm methods mere than 1,500,000 acres having been manured this season, chiefly with superphosphates, anil about 900,000 acres are at present under tallow, and it is pleasing to observe that our local manufacturers are keeping pace wrth our requirements, both us regards manure? and harvesting implements, there is no question that the combina tion of the fallowing with the use of superphosphates will insure a decided in crease in tho yield per acre provided that seasons are moderately propitious. It fa too early yet to indulge in nnv forecast, but it may safely Ire said that the pros pects have never been brighter at a cor responding season of tho year than they are at the present time. Wheat is now being largely grown for grain in parts ot tho Central and Soutlie.rn districts which were formerly used for this pur pose, but ha,vo been out ot cultivation for the last 30 years. Improved methods of cultivation and manuring, combined with a fairly heavy rainfall, insure nmcb heavier returns than have been obtained m the Northern districts. As contrasted wita the steady advance in wheat farm ing I regret to report that there is a : very marked diminution in tho other crops, including-oats, barley, potatoes,, and onione, where one acre out of every Cnn. r H® ££ no °f cultivation since 1303\. -In the case of tho root crops the yields m recent years have not been verv satisfactory; and the Department of Agriculture is attempting to place tho potato industry in particular on anew footing. In this connection it is antici pated that the experimental fields which have been planted this scasc-n will prove as valuable to the grower in the South* orn districts as the experimental wheat holds have done to the Northern farmer.* The dairying industry continues*to show steady and satisfactory expansion, the number of milking cows being now re turned as 620,000, an increase of 20 per cent* since the census of 1901. Produc ers generally are waking up to the impor tance of supplementing tb* 'rtrtural grasses by suitable fodder crops, and the use of ensilage for both summer and win ter I ceding is making steady progress. On the other hand, with tho exception of a slight increase in the number of sheep, we- find that the number of horses, catrle, pigs, and sheep lias remained almost sta tionary. or line actually diminished, dur ing tho hist five years.. The chief r--n -son for this unsatisfactory state of af fairs is simply the fact that most farm ers in Victoria have more land than thev ultiiise, and they we able to obtain a good living from it without working the greater part of it to anything like it* full stock-carrying capacity. The more general adoption of the cultivation of such plants as lucerne in the northern areas and maize in the Southern districts would at once enormously increase the stock-carrying capacity of' every farm. "VALUE OF DAIRYING INDUSTRY. “For the year 1904 the production was aft follows: “Butter exported. 16,Ml tons/ value £1.G94.100 "Butter Jocally consumed 10,000 tons, value 1,000,000 "Value of mil-k consumed locally ... 663,014 "Value of cheese made 118,364 "Total value of milk products only .£3,341,408 "Number of pigs slaughtered for use of pork and curing, 164.745, at .£2 each .**.. .£329,490 "Number of vealers slaughter ed, 33,503, at 3fts each 54.762 "Total value of milk and by products, etc. ... A3.865,680 EXPORT TRADE. Tho escort trade shows a steady ex pansion in almost a!! linos, as will be seen from tho accompanying figures. The grading of butter, poultry, and rabb’is by the officers of the department is now well established in public confidence, and it is s\ti/‘:fuctory to note that, the volun tary grading of who-t. o.rt-% potatoes, and other produce is making steady progress. Tho reduction, in the freights by the con tract entered into by the Government in June. 1965, has already produced no.hah’e insults, for. in addition to the immediate saving in -freight borne .£70,000 for Vis*- toria alone), a slight, but appreciable, increase in the prices of the produce in him Melbourne market is already appar ent. The export trade in fat lambs shows indications of a very marked expansion: and the facilities which now exist for the shipment of this class of produce Melbourne and othor Victorian seaports have greatly enhanced the price whkh the farmer is receiv ; ng for his stodc. The extent to which rape and ofh'tr crops are being worked in with a syrtoin of rela tion, in-luding wheal r.nd gracing, auour well for the ivwmanmiv of 'h:s industry. Last year some 15.000.000-lbs worth over -£200,000. were shipped for export. VICTORIAN OVERSEA EXPORTS. Leading A err: rJt urn ] Prod note. —Y exi r ended 30th .Time. 1005. Wcol £5,512.394 Glutton 317 babbits and Haros ... 192,515 Wheat 2 677,437 , Flour 521.356 Oats 137.735 Rotter 1,191,554 Shrorskins 455.153 J/either 173.953 Tallow • lll.O'kS Wine 61.405 Eucalyptus 16,000 ADVANCE WORK BY THE DEPART MENT OF AGTUCP LITRE. The experimental fields worked and cul tivated by the department numbered 90. ! and comprtem an area of nearly 700 a res , Twenty-e’giit 10-acre wheal i fio'd** are scattered thranch the whoV • r »f j the Northern areas. They are dove *v' i chiefly to manuring. cultivation, and va . He tv tort-* hi : and fodder crops. Tweniv rerauo [ chiefly in the southern distr'cfs, are de ! voted to experiments with c-cvcolg. ■ potatoes, and serntnor fodders. F rtv posture fields, usually 10 a**res u extent, a.ro being worked to ascertain what o n be done to improve poor grazing land t a moderate cost., namely, 2s 6:1 nor a iv* for manures, end 2s Gd oer acre for seeds. In addition to- these, are being oairriod on to test the ca-palvliUcs nf land which up to the pre-onf time lms been looked upon as too poor for safciS' factory agricultural settlement. There are 200,000 acute of Grown lauds of this character in the Capo Otway district, and a much huger area in South and Eastern G-ippsland. 16 is found on analysis that kiio land 19 of moderate fertility, and, as the result of the drainage effected during’ the last few months, notable improve ments in the appearance of the 60il can already be seen. With the application of moderate dressings of superphosphates, there is littfe doubt that nearly the whole of the light sandy soils in Southern Victoria can be turned to pood account. The rainfall is ample, and there is no reason whv the same transformation should not be worked in districts remote from Melbourne as has already been ac- j compJished in the neighborhood of O'-uI- ' field and Brifrntou. soils seem ro be Particularly adapted for the growth of potatoes and other root crops, mid. in many cases, for fruit culture. .Experi ments carried ont by the department in previous years hare already proved that they grow sugar beet to perfection- and in connection with the efforts which t!io bovcrnment are making to perinanonUv establish the beet sugar industry in Vic il'?" 18 possibilities of settling and cultivating these lands has not been over- Jt ls Sratifying to bo able to report that a small crop of tobaccogrown on the Government farm at Edi basrcal isixl the very satisfactory price of Is per fb lor the untermented leaf. Great pos- Mbilrtics wiJi regard to the cultivation of tobacco undoubtedly exist in the allu- i he . valleys of the eastern portaon of Victoria, and. with the exten- Pi : ron"Cont tS tl 111 'r-‘ have been open . T I' 1 ' f-timmonwealth, w c an ewirtng. Ue tPadv extoatir ' n of tobacco- EDUCATION AL \VOKK. extending oiei districts'" T h ? v « bc ' en heid «n eleven c,s - . /he .lcctui-es, given for the mo=- part by officers of the depart me.! into-“to tlle subjects of immedia.o "‘!l' lanuerjand liie success c; ■t 68 .! be estimated bv ti... ov!-- i™ i ile i y l,;:ve attended one .lrtd Students. In. several instances tiudentr. as-.cc-iatiotis have been formed' at file dossing of the class. :• V. imlnxife a decided change, in the at ! it”<;i. irludi is being adopted! bv farmersAv • ’ ti.ai Wlt L leSi " d c 10 “sricultural Slu&\-- tion. -Movements are abo on foot in , Uamambcol, Geelong, Ilendj-o , me,,- ln S <>: ? 6r - ce , ntres , for the wtaW&h; meuo 01 .Agricultural High ScliooN. m !a SeV“r°?" et ' Uon the «lue«<»or. cl tuner factory managers havo been attended by 70 managers. The course coin’ll 1 set! dairy bncr&riologv;, gradin- of butte:*, preparation for export. eradinTr ''•*' cream, testing for acidity and butter-fat value, checking oe waste-, and van.,;, ilems of practical importance in comic.. I°.“ ,"' u “ 1,118 management of an ui’-tv dato butter factory. A fortnight v.-aj tpent in -Melbourne and a week at (bb den Butter Factoiy. Tito lesults have been very satisfactory, and have exceed ed anything of the kind previously umiei take.n by tne department in this direc tion.. As one feature of the ,ierm:iiient Mucatien work carried on bv tho d«na-t -rneut, I mar mention the exhibition c-' Victcnan produce establislied at Flinders f * n *“ the object of not only ov hil-iting first- class samples of the ent kinds c-f Victorian produce, but also t®. “lucato tb» producer and conetiu»-;- iilike by exhibiting approved machinery nnd apparatus, and demonstrating the most up-to-date methods of preparing tin* different Film's of produce for the rriarFo' Ino exhibition is not only visited bv large numbers of consumers from the city, but is also one of the chief centre.-, of attraction' for farmers when they arc ■ n town. In conjunction with the ex hibition. tli o departmental exhibits; o* agricultural and other shows have been amplified and extended. In order to im prove tile breed ot horses and maintain and develop are export trade with India ond other countries, the Government has decided to devote a sum of .£3OOO. Asa first step, it is proposed to offer premiums for selected sin*?, and to draw up regula tions tor certifying to the f fro?'* disotf-e and nnsorcrndnesK of al! whoeo owner? wish to have thorn ex amined. The- regulations under which those measures will he carried out will Rhortlv Ix* published. THE IT 7 RLIC ACCOUNT. The statement shows that on that there was a cilia I available cash, under the contiol of the Treasurer as follows In the niuo beaks. Melbourne. ,£919.052; in the London and Westminster L ink. .£35,654; and at credit of the Trust Fund Trustees account. -£575,534; making a feta] cif ,£d.533,2«(>. Thisnjnount ip.£266,207 m**re than ;va« shown as available on the (bite in the ].*re\ious year. THE TICU ST FUNDS. These'funds will be d<\i.lt with unde: two heads—the cash and the securities. The total cash iu the 'irea tury up to the 30th June for which the Treasurer is responsihle were .£5,195,065; this an increase of on the conctspondini; amount, hist year. This sum of —Certificates in lieu of bonds heki by tho Trust Funds Trusties for To, 117.310. and Savings Bank, .£3,445,435: and a certifi cate on aecotiut. of other trust funds, i;350,950; the c-ertincatcs in. all Lotaihu/. x£3,796,365. Add ro this the cash hra* cm account cf Trust Fund Trustees. To this should he added the* amount of trust fu:nls held by tin? fj-ca suror on 26rh June, .£657,115; add amount advanced to the municipalities, etc., i:19.045—X676,163: making a total cor*\\.s>- poniing* w-jrh tho c .sh for which the re.;- sure: is re*jxjnsi.ble of «£5,195.1‘65. Now. against theiv cortiheates iii h*.ui of bond.* . ior «£3,796,365. the trustees hold deben tures. Act No. 1801, for .£47S,IKKb ami Vic torian Governnieut 3 [;or cent, stork lo: c£115,453. This is loaned to municijiali ties, under Ac’s Xo. 1393 and i42-.\ .£10,199. ’i’hoie is advanced under the Land Sales bv Auction Fund. >;276.5'J"; and advanced for other purpose** as de tailed on page 21. but not eaanieaino .- the p.«st ytetr, .£941.606. These total .£1.5U),793; leaving the net deiicieacy in rhe truat fund at .£1,995.575. Having finished with the cash, I invito ihe attention of honorable menilx-rs to the securities, comprising the other por tion of the trust funds under tho control of tho trustees. They amount t-j «£3,GSM,3S3 and the- statement duly sots out the nature of the security, uud for wliat purpose, and on whose behalf it is held. THE FUXD-ED DEBT. Tlio amount of tho public fundcxl debt on 30th June, 1901, was .£51,813,902; the amount on 30th Juuv Last was .£51.,703.700. Tt will be seen by the comparison that there is a reduction in the public funded debt from the previous year of U'o. If we add to this public fund--d debt 30th June last of J.'5i.7t13,«06 the amount of the (onso'revenue dofhi*. ac count ,£1,959.119. and the amoum still i'~ debit ’of the land sales by a act ion :u »•.. .£267.490, we get* I :;•* total fundtr-.l a.u;i unfunHhvi deb; ...n ;-Ja; June, lft’s. a. .£53,990,375. From this amount I take the amo'.-i' owing to the State bv the Melbourne and Metropolitan Hoard of Works .£T,Bks, leaving £52.141,712 as the net funded uud •:nfuu.««i d,-bt ro t?>*->. 3prh .lnn - ‘ la.^t. This is .£2SS.SSS Icei? than the cemsfvoml ing amoun: lasi year. The rt*ducvo?i c our loan wculd have sl'ov. n better results for the Stp.tc had not ot: indebt.dnvs? during the year just bv a. sum of .£*2l6. caused bv the <*uiv- *- sion under Ac. No. i.V-d of .WW*' <''' y Der cent. lx>nds into 3 per rout, consoli dated •• I*'.; per cent. As to our Interest Bill on the public debt ns it tdootl on the 39th June last fully the estimated amount for the year i}s Ifil.SG'JJlLh This amount: tlc*;s. noV include on any further borrowings dur ing the venr. THE INTEREST OX' LOAN'S. There* is one point in connection wtb. the payment of the interest on cur loan iudebtodneft? to which I 'vish briefly to refer. Jr is on rhe question cf charging the interest accruing in tho year t«> ih*' year. Honorable momhu-G arc doubles aware that The interest for the half-year ending 30th June is only legally pavabi v on Uio Ist July, and consequently it ha.*< ly >n i-.-b! th *t it is not ohu to the year within which it acevu'-u «iue. but to the vec.r in wliicb it btennie pc:-- nble. The te.'hnicality which has given rise to this practice has landed us m tb-“ nbsunlitv that, whil»» th** Treasury *■* practically <*! '.rdy of revenue periniii'". ' to the veer • a the morning of tho 3s* July, we have to charge on that d:ue F the*nnw year n half-y-:tr*s interest earre-' during the n’-'vfons fmaiicial year. 'n*.i amount th-; has M:*»< to be paid now amounts to the good round sum m .£580.000, but :i‘> Treasurer up to the pre sent has Ivvp able or willing to gras** the* neU.lc end (harge lliree su<*h pay ments within F*c una.ncial year. Houf>* able n>)>nh-'r; '-.-ill umi-'M'sUtnd that I a]--' - jun unable to do so; but I will throw on this sugircstier io the committee nub lie accounts. rl«at whenever we hav-» •: suriflus,' a reHrJn portion of it he pn** by in a trust account until v*e have sn'6 eiont to charge the three i** terost within tlie financial year. If Mr commiHeo of public accounts, of whic'' Afr Bfvtzley i: so a?s:duous a chairman sees any virtue in tliis proposal, it migV take steps nnd a commencement be rv'd at tho end of this financial year. Or result of the oonstrmmation of the posal woubl be to set free a sum of over £(360,000, which was kept back from th** trust fund trustees when the first pay ment was made to them on tho 16th Sep tomber, IS9?, bhc fcnujt Funds having been used for this purpose, and this amount wuld then be paid over to the Savings Bank in reduction of the certificate of our indebtedness to them, so that if we earned out this very necessary reform "tone ” I ' l 1,6 " kllll,l ° two birdfi with one , , LOANS MATXTTMXii. I do not frjuk ] can iinprcet; on honor aole members too strongly that th.-rc are ;\o loans maturing Mu,- in London as • J “lj. 1h()7, umlt-r Act’7l7. 7 CM -et April, hills umler Both th< -* e lu:il,sarß i ones, and our chit-f aim and objet-, is to convert the-m into 3 per cent ?*;•:*J easl per cent, stock on ehS ton icrait. boas to give otir fiiumtiil auvn-eis n , London an option of effectin'. thc« coiivetsions, as well us all future l olia ,b by Ci,heJ ' boll,is stock,”? both, the ooveinmanf has accepted the ccomniendation of (ho committee of pub lic accounts, and intend to bring inland ftnmi if P° !i ‘ i3,3,( ‘, it Treasury Bones Bill, applying the principle of II- Z, \™f‘ry bonds for s hort-daf«f periods to all conversion loans in tlie manner^as^ stock is cow applied to them \- TREASURY BONDS. 1 P°w desiro to refer to the X2.07S 400 under tet “'{S', boD,lfi 1;,l!hl " d' 33 * under Act No. Jfj-17 on Ist J u |c ZFffi V, th thvw :m option o'" ' Oliver: into 3. per cent, cousolidafeil stock next ol P cr cen{ -, up lo the 31st December Or the original bonds for £2.-’54 800 rheie were ionve,-led i, lln stock during tue nuanciul year 1003-1 £71.9(10. and dui" iug The financial year 19ilf-5 inn making l'17(l i(d. all June last. .£2,0,d.1(W) of bonds still to bo eonverifj or redeemed. 'j l ' 4 ! ll ‘''‘ !vite .-■:S..nO at bonds were converted during :1m quarter ended 30th .September, leav ing U.0n1.-tOO stilt tc bo couvcWtil up to til- 3!,.t iiecember next. It a'l the holders do not convert such arrangements) van lie made here to provide or the r.,11 ani e a s mav become neecssarv. Tliiv PUBLIC DEBT. Of total 8 f x-51.703.71,7 th.-rc is in vest'e.-! in reprcdnctivd*works -C17..-mi;,mi;2, will!;- tlie l.nluuro only uiU.'liiT.Ti;.', has been used for works amt purposes uofc '.iire-rlv interest earning. such as State schools, defence, the University, public cilices the law courts, and Parliament: Of the amount debited to icproductive works, our railways absorb .£30.157,391. our waterworks .£7,731,584, leaving cniy A'dl't-.Os? ilistributcd to tj-anr.vavs, clcsc.r rci.tbmcnt. graving do-.-k. and m'ining. The total interest chargeable to the cou soidared levc-mie tor the metiers invested, in repir,■■'motive works totds -hi.750.933. of which .si.-155.G13 is charged re. anil earned try, our railway?, leaving only ,£235,310 to be met 1.-jr .jar other iutcre.-'t-earniiur in vestments. Tho interest payable on the non-intcrcst hearing allocation of our lean money? chargeable to tie* cunsolid ited revenue totals only .£132..>3. Wk.en tlie public_debt is periodically rc luted by the operation of the redemption funds. It is the practice to reduce t.iiindcbtvdno.-s pro rata under the various heads under which tho loom is distributed. but for the iiiture it may be thought rdvisal.lo to distribute the amount on sem-- other basis say, tor example. to hist wipe out the non-interest canting indebtedness. Per haps the committee of : uUic acrounts would consider this matter, and advise mo whether the principle wlm h has hithert-i. boon -adopted should bo departed finm. LOAN' TRANSACTION'S. Anew i etura—first introduced la -1 vear —shows all the transactions, in coantc t;on with loan, moneys during the finaneial year; the amounts raised- the, amounts expended; and the further bor rowing powers which wo still have under the various Acte. Bjiefiy. wo brought forward from 1303-t, .£227.753. We rais ed in addition during the year. .£161,10-1: making the, total receipts £3S9.lKi’ Of tuis we expended JI23O,SSS. leaving a i-.it ance unexpended on the- bath jure of .£t.,5,2,5. Of this balance, .£92.275 was lvtn.~ m tne treasury, and J£6G.Wu w..s a.dv-.un.- od ro th© departments. Of this latter amount. ,203,000 trrs lent ro the- railway stores suspense account, trader the authority of Act No. JtigO and is to Ik> shorly repaid. Now. giving the expenditure in detail duiuiig tho year, this was di.-iributed n? ro b ene : ~ R ~9a.6%; public works, .£.-.3.472; elder settlement, .£755. h£ h or Ule - inut , of cue XJ),.< hands lu three and a half stock under Aci No 1952 was not effected unlit this financial year, and is thereto.« no: -haw,, being tho l.;t July and the LOAN .MONEY? REDEEMED. I Wish to invite the attention of licu ornb.e monitor.- to the stale nn-nr. siit .vin'- tue total am sums to .2229.430. Lcokiir financial year. It will lie < i*orved that .amounts to Lrckhr nz the return aix>v*, it ind:eat<»>- tiiar ot stocks and bonds onlv tn« ,I’r.i Xi6S.OdS so that w* have neuSlv loan mdebtodnets for ihe.\c.i v by . This, the committee will uu^r-tniid. |> t exclusive oi any operations that u3hon I coimection v.- ; th tie >a-t conversion lo.rn—4- :er cent. chamr ©} into 3] per cent, sro-k-ivhi L ,h { c \ tl tMatmy a* the completioji o a i u«.n of two years ,-o. As 1 e?ni ijrurhton speech, rh.s is tho rime this nas happened in the history or wWto—the iedemptions nc the bor rowings—and I hope it -will beV.v. n to lieai-t or tko-e wirini). ar w-l\ ns thc.io outcule. our who have so cnrjy netted that tho prosperitr of Auv traLia deiK'juUxl upon the !ul::u:e of loiux moneys ra:.-ed iiom ao;I tti.nfc I heard of my carpin-j critics rs sort^ that tuis re.ltKLien or .-a: t ww* at tiio expense or tlie accumulations in the redemption funds irotn pa-t years. The statement oi Tece:pr.s and «x| eudt ture o: tluso lands iiuiicat/ —V'hat tJre Govern merit inset-;!>.*■] eteck ' fatui conmiciiuv'i tne vear ; \nth a credit Uiiance of .£;■ and c!os‘H.i the voter with a oro-i:* e of XMOMTi. Tie Victorian !o r: .-vae::7c.r:cij fund otimruciuvd with a:Si l 7 i.. and 7io ©d with .s£ll H I trust ibises a w.idicient aa-TWvr in to tlivse fun :s. LOAN KXPENjn i ; . Oaupan:.- ap-.Mi. .a ;, j: the • ?-XU-*a y.u:< n w::| i.»j ?trikiui:lv or*, rvini Li-a. a*'.;:- i;i>i y L . . , _ U/.\p/r o'. .: o..i ,;ii. e t <•.. - •’.on ii-obU, Xi.l< s, tnoiild saii.-ry uiar mo-t v,.-■■■■' h .i the -•! :his lion e. and Hit® '• '•%M'. •: . *-.* ;• if:.; ; ...i.uiil iO-.n i*xn: !:• ‘ ... H • %.y ■ . U .-e i 1 i .■ ■ :y . ■-v* .‘ii i>;> by . : .• . ; L .. . b V;'iii7' ’ “ - . ■ ,’ ■ / ’“-n expend. ta .i ; : Si .-a •: ■- . ; ■ a; ?i :m*m' .- - • . ra . . Vho Ua:.: i- ; i • .-n • •>;•.. '.c this cbiu, an . ’ v ::•? :. tic::; wit.n *. •• v. hecoujo d-.t. i‘': e,• ■ - • : . . i.ici; I c :a pe I t. the cc.nly p it «■ n -.Nii y ?ar. scrM.h:.n:.\T. 'lhe » - :i - t i..*u aaMis Uji to LoOw.}--' i a. t w:i "/iUi • -.0-vr k t-, ■ . -i iiii ni -••- i .a:.- .• -.c.i moneys on .aiia .1 in:- . ' vary i.- of .-5 500, an . . U::;ori.y r.: -. / e ‘;a6.ii3 k.cae. .\\.y t • rpc col.os ‘ . ?tie Mtnrs •er for V- -vapadv. mu's u.e t on iho W *'£•: i’ ; --h-'in;: i, :f . ..u.ro to ’ • > ’ -pdy on • . m.neys ». cc.:-. vi a with ii.e ■ -.-a. • ■ • 1.-p ' .11- c: nr-ucis. a:.: 'er _ * Ld'e bois ■ ii a -.e I:. -• vci! -i the lucid .-iKe-h o:' th.- Mar.-u: Water iy on tlie T.ii .... ember met, wl.cit ,:e f'-'ieslwmevo; ,i!e hnp* tojn poiuy a.‘ tiove ii.. eit, and in dicated tl.al an ox;a a .i‘u. o *0 -011:© a v.cr ;o.‘ •. ay, m . . •; v.ottld b* Ks>ulicif \o koin.-ass the oVc:.- to bo . u ,iiu.-i rlnsinn e.. «••• s on oan expenditure I do-iif *»> infom (Ojnmiitei- t.ind r. • v'.-.l i.i-, i» > under consider;-.:lea a bill pnnio.m f.•• the e>- tab is' in;; ..n I e atio’ib • ' -11 r• T im piovcd hchc..-.- e: 'at: . . > i.ili t© .chiefly founded on fa& Danish > •ar.cx under it p. •b.A.oary ron. :ds cm*:a© ns rititanco, u.nior iuparrisioa. ; n:ii ;?:n •and is smd imdly impr-r, rd .1 mw.Me tho ionanis 3 j becou:© scl:- -: . p'. ‘. ti: and : obtain a leme. Tr is n»y i av-rloa :c :n -trodiuc I his bjii without .-••.wo ssnw de lay, so that, i? ]'o»ib!e, i r m y L-eccm© law lefoi: the tormina:; ff fit s» s sion. To j.u ’J' o this to he done '.!;e l!r -‘ i re; 050s to ei ■ • e . ©.lUisit© authciity bWue th© vie-i- •' ;! < .'C-.-uvi. to mise* L>: ally the amounts rs ro' ; uire.l over the peri-d I have ind.,-..:..?-.h I de sire also to y a few wor s c:i the ques tion of * I■'•'or soHe’«'©n-.. Uonornblo raembon? "'d the public- s*\ wd! in formed through rho daily press of what is going on thui. there is very little lei*, that is new. Tor 're to say. 1 think it. will generally be agreed that the baud 2ms don© and is doing, good work. The ipi'ess have in on '-o severe in their stik- Ttues. un-l <: * r v make sufficient allow ante for the uiuvosdable delays that have Liken place in jotting possession. and in zu.iking the nee farj' surveys and sut>- dtri«!on=. which nv absolutely essential before tue la:al c. n he thrown*open. A great. deal will depend upon how ibis land is absorbed when cousidei ing the QUes'ion of future acquirements, and should there be any lack of applications the Government may have to consider the advisability of placing same of this land | at the disposal, in London, of future im migrants from the old country: though our own people should know, from their Icnowledgc and bringing up. how best to moke fanning in Victoria a jwyahie oc cupation. The esmmitee will observe i’rcni the report s li.it the Land Pur chase fronrd recommends to the venous I era: ion of the Minister the question that smm provision for a homestead, uu?. n*iv«ary leaving. be made in the Closer Ser.lemeni Act to meet cruses of samilie« po-*""' s? d or -furniture. working plant, and sto.k going into possesion, wit hour the necessary capital for their orwtim. Should any of these lands be placed at the disposal of intending im aiigiants. I think the committee will •agree with ire that at. least a habitable should be erected for them also, so tha;. on rheii arrival, ihey may at once ■he able to go imo occupation and have nt .W-r a dwelling in which to lav their heads. Some; such iceiprocaj scheme as I have here lightly touched upon t-eems n necessary corollary to the various views which have beer. freely expresed of hite, in the pres and on the public plat form. on the question of immigration. Some of its advocates look at the ques tion from a ■#© d»:h point of view; some onlv from srmpuThr and consideration tor our kindred .•• home. I am actuat ed by both, for* T cm nor forget what is rine to that dear -»ld motlieiianj winch. Unsolicited. i* . king over u.* wit:, a mother’" care, a .1 wh >. witli a mother’s foresight has. wi:h,in the last few days, determined ro o*fab!ish a naval base- with in a few d-’vs' 'nl of our shore-,. which, should -sad re -I.‘ay our leans on any in ierm-ddlinc of ihe nations, for so lory as the British rv*e hob!* the “Gai\s O'* <o' long shall v ur security be ;:!> f-olurc-1 V ,iS n -;d * , ri‘U aUV of t'hft !i'>f'-in:S -n-ho nriv i)A rc-v-r l u hv vio'-'-it lutn-Is upon oiir i lf..y t-i ocnntrr. T boa V.ivo p niovi that-Mimn.it oxyewlin- jtTIR.ISII *6 Siante! V it,;. w a j wrv ,- or . or to . wards, dtir.-viiv: tin? cost of the ta'hv.y. 31KT services :ov ;he .'tar 1905-6. ■The sum v.-v and at 6.3- Hi* ■Hciisi, adjoin nr.! ...-Mil next dav. 