LAND FOR THE PEOPLE SMALL HOLDINGS JIECOMMEN- 1 DED. A SERIES OF SUGGESTIONS. , 'Sir Waldcinar F.anuow writes ns fol- Our present bind system is based on gambling. No applicant for loud can ac quire any without first attending a Laud Board and ballot for the blocks wnicn a:e av.iiiame. and lie may tnus attend heard after Iviard without ever succeeding In acquiring any land at all. Such proceedings ore sufficient to dis courage any one from wasting Ids time and money in a wild-goose chare: after land he never may acquire. Like in America and Canada, we should always have land available to be acquired without red tape or circumlo cution. Our present difficulty has arisen (because hitherto too large blocks of land have been granted to applicants, far more abundant than they arc able and willing to cultivate, many lines moro than Is granted in America and Canada, where land Ls far more abun dant than here. In Victoria 19,000 farmers own cnch 331 acres on an average, making 16,000.000 acres In all; the same farmers also lease ,.arh 300 acres, or 15.000.000 al together, while of these 631 acres only ii2 acres nre cultivated, leaving 532 aerefl of each farm in Its original wild bush state. Tn no country outside Australia .can such n state of affairs be found to exist, and It is. consequently, no wonder that our agricultural condition Is far behind that prevailing In every clvl- ised nation of the world. In all civilised countries of the world It has been foihb! advantageous to cut up the greater part of their land into small allotments, which enable their oc cupiers to extract for better results than can be obtained from holding larger farms. Thus. Gt.oiany has 5.Ut>'C90 al- lo'roes-. - 1:, aeii s en<h; Rus- sia h:w. Viyj.e-'iy dietme-i,- uC il) :ores each; France has 5,060,000 allotments of 6 acres each; Rottmanin has 700.00t> al lotments of 10 acres each: and Denmark, only one-:«ix;h of the size of Victoria, has ICO.O'.iij allotments of les than 10 acre:? each. Vhc Danish small allot ment iinidi.n as .veii as those in France, aro knmvn to be th«- most prosperous of their class to be found in any part nf the world. All the other European nations have followed the example of theso na tion. and California, very like Victoria in climate and snl, lias, during the lost 50 years, been busy cutting up its form:? into 20-norc merit with the vers best results. Il behove:- us. therefore. I consider, to follow the evunp!,» set un by these vari ous nations ,and prosper like (hem, m- slend uf remaining In our present con dition of stagnation nnd even retrogres sion. l'rnct bally 12,000.000 acre of tho land sold jo our farmers are tying waste. Many of the farmers are in arrears with their, annua! Instalment, and It would be a relief to tiomt by the Government resuming po«:-v:-lon of part of their land now lying waste. I, therefore, propose that the (.iovejunicnt should gradually resume p'trsosscm of, say, one-third of these J2.eO0.fl0U acres, nnd utilise It on condUl' ' Lit ia the accompanying draft bill. This notion by the Government wnutd not only solve ihe Unemployed problem, but would also 'serve to accommodate now arrival from n&road.; If it were known ut hone: that any reejieotuble man arriving hero could at once acquire a Ftnnli farm and Government nssint- nnoe till lie cnuld shift fnr 'himself, no dnnbt, wo should very boom experience a flow of desirable Immigrants to our shores tn help to bring forth prosperity urnong our agriculturists. Finally, I also recommend that nil agricultural and pnstnrul land should bo liable, like mining laud, to employ a certain number .»f hand to a certain are:t, fo thnt those unable to farm for themselves, could obtain employment on land alienated by tho Crown. . it might also be enacted that for the future only a .'-ertuin area of land may b«» acquired and owned by one iudivitl- uaJ. 