GENERAL CABLEGRAMS. LONDON, Saturday. Panama . is trying to negotiate a treaty for annexation to Costa Mea. -Tho-BaniMinister (or Agriculture has visited London for tho -purpose of arrang- ing for moro rapid transit to'Great Brit- ain and better, '.'handling oi'.agricultural' produce from Denmhrk' than now obtain.. French newspapers allege that a submer- sible bout which-has Just 'been launched at, Kiel, Germany, is an exact copy of tho Ai- grette, and ' declare i hat thu plans of thc vessel " were treasonably sold to Germany. A pupil of; tho French School of Engineer- ing is .supposed -,tó have been tho culprit, .'.' .. Thc'.-.President Of' tho 1 land Chamber of: Mines .states that mining companies under tho ordinance aro ' unable, tu restrict tho Chinese to/, thvir compound even if it wasi desfrublo to do so* ' : .The' chief "i Marengo,, in German Sbuth W.cst. Africa, ¡has broken tho armistice, and lins captui't-d Í100' of Major Kcklmrt'a hor- ses and cattle. .. . -. Ñ. The deadlock which aruko in tho negotla tions "between Franco and' Germany for tlio prográmale of an .International confer-' once on reforms in' Morocco continues. . lt is expected that M. Ilouvieiv the French Minister for Foreign Affairs",- will suggest tliat.tHc dispute should bb referred to tho Hague. .1 ntei'national Tribu nal. Persian ' newspapers ' attack , thc. British Commission upon tho Scistan' 'boundary award, declaring-.that. It unfairly- favours Afghanistan, and demand that '. tho Czar shall not ratify it. Herr - Bebel,' in a rosbluiiôn 'before tho congress of socialists.at John, accuses., till other 'parties . itv "Ocnnauy . of'wishing td ;. combat' the'.growth bi social dem'ocur.cy by tho limitation or abolition of manhood suf- frage.. J JIó' proposes ii», pi-iheiple a general j strike of all industries as thc best method of counteracting, their invention. Owing to tho fear oi choléra some vil- lages in 'Calida, Austria, are totally de- serted. In Prussia thora have been 227 ea j sos of cholera, ? wit lt ;' 73 deaths/ " Three deaths' fr.oin ...cholera aro-, reported frbm. Lodz, Poland. -" Fifteen . largo . steamers have been char«. ' terhd topsail from Corunna, Spain, In Sep- tember and October, to convoy immigrants to . South America., ' '; Fbut' -officials ¡of this Schwurt/.child: and Sulzberger ? Packing.'Company, ' Chicago, have, boen fined.a total of XöOOÖ foi-con- spiracy to accept railroad rebates. Canada complains- that tho Ju pit nose .have "seized a schooner - laden with salt bound for Saghalion. ??' v ,. Admiral Jossen and Admiral' Shimnmnrii.' mot- In Curtiiloff Bay, on tho Siberian coast,- and agreed on 'a-"/.ono .from -which .warships, and contrabnnd'of ' ivar should bu excluded. ? Tho nnrrowost : portion; of tho. Tartary Straits between .-'Snghnllon '; and the mal.nla'iid"will be neutral'until the trea- ty of peace Is ratified, . LONDON, . Sunday. While, erasing on Loch Era« u sailing boat containing tho Lord Lieutenant, of Ireland' and two friends'capsized. They'were res- cued when on the point oí sinking. The. German forces operating in south West Africa have defeatod'the rebel Jlereros in-the ..Hinterland of .Kllwa; inflicting hea- vy-losses. * * Much alarm was" caused' foi Perthshire and Stirlingshire to-dny liy . a' shock of . earth- quake.; Houses were shaken, and tho in- habitants rushed into tho open air in a stàto of panic. 