Nems of the Cileek. Lady Rawson, Miss Rawson, and Mr. Wyatt Rawson leave for London on March 22nd, by the Orontes. It is proposed to run a Federal fruit train between Southern Queens land and Victoria. It ia expected that the Narrabri Walgett railway line, will bo com pleted as far as Byron, by Juno 1st. The Chief Justice says tho defama tion Act should be the same in New South Wales as it is in England. Tho Mosinan Council has been petitioned by 800 residents of tho suburb, calling attention to tho Sun day dancing uuisnnco. Dr. Cullcn, K.C., has beon ap pointed'ono of His Majesty's Counsel, to take precedence next after Mr. Alexander Gordon. The Tamworth Council has decided to tuko a referendum of tho rate payers in connection with the electric light extension. Lord Milner resigned his South African official appointments on ac count of ill-health. First Lord of Admiralty succeeds him. Much grief was expressed last week] at Corowaj when it 'was discovered that 20 canines had been poisoned by some unknown cowardly brute. Tho Canadian Supremo Court has decided that the power of enacting legislation regarding Sunday obser vanco rests with the Dominion, and not with tho provincialjParliaments. Tho following appeared in ' the social column of a South Queensland paper recently : 'Mrs. ODonaghuo, a daughter. Mother doing well ; father doing six months. ' Mr. Bent, after his experience at tho Hobart Conference, holds tho opinion that tho public men of Vic toria, stand head and shoulders above thoso of tho other States. Modest Bent. Mr. T. Rico, a farmor, living in the Peak Hill district, had a bit of hard luck last week, when ho had a hay stack, valued at £100, burnt. A three months' policy in tho Sun office had lapsed only a few days previous. The Prime Minister will take no part in the Federal members' ' picnic' -to the West in April. Mr. Reid in tends to go on a stumping tour in Queensland, to which ho will devote the best part of May. An old man, over 70 years of age, at the Sydney Quarter Sessions last week, admitted that since 1864 he had roceived sentences aggregating 59 years ? and 7 months. He is an expert forger, and it was his forging capabilities that mostly landed him in gaol. A ship's doctor, who has made ?many voyages, declares that the American girl does not become sear sick so readily as her European sisters. Tho English girl is next in order of resistance, whilo tho French girl suc cumbs most easily. It is reported that M. Boulygine, tho Ministor of the Interior, visited tho assassin of the Grand Duke Ser gius, in prison, and asked him, 'Do you know mo ?' The assassin replied, 'Yes, you are Number Seven,' meaning ho was seventh on tho list of officials condemned to death. Mr. J. W. Turner has been suc ceeded as headmaster at tho Fort-street Model Public School by Mr. Alex ander James Ivilgour, B.A., L.L.B. Mr. Kilgour is not yet 43 years of age, aud has been in die service of the Educational Department for 25 years. Ho worked his way up tho ladder from a teacher of a half-time school. Tho statement by a South Aus tralian farmor — to tho effect that many farmers in West Australia aro in a deplorable condition — is charac terised by tho local Lands authorities as 'rubbish.' For the five years ending 1901 the average wheat yiold ?was 8 bushols per aero, and tho latest ? yields givo an averago of 13 bushels. It was a common occurrence for farmers to get from 20 to 30 bushels. Paspalum grass has successfully withstood the effects of tho lato dry weather in tho Taree district. Mr. H. Gooblo, Governor of Mait land Gaol, has boon transferred to a similar position at Bathurst. Denmark's army is tho cheapest in Europo. It costs only £24 a head, against £113 spent by Great Britain. Consumption is ono of tho principal causes of mortality in Australia, accounting for 3000 deaths every year. A petition has been largely signed at Broken Hill, urging the Premier to amend tho Liquor Act, so as to allow Sunday trading within certain hours. During a gale at Singleton last week, telegraph poles and wires were blown across tho lino. The mail train from Sydney was delayed three hours. Tho Russian strikers declare that they intend to kill an official for overy man killed by tho troops during tho disturbances. A priest, named Father Foy, fell out of a fast travelling train at Esk bank, on Friday. He crawled to a house near by, and was found to have broken two ribs. Mr. Ebenezer Vickery, M.L.C., has issued a writ claiming £5000 against a Sydney weekly, which said that Mr. Vickery recently married a young lady, his typo writer, same being untruo. Owen Jones, a young man of rough-and-ready appearance, was com mitted for trial in Melbourne on Sat urday, on a charge of sending a threatening letter to a young woman. Broken Hill Licensed victuallers are anxious for an open hour or so on Sundays, 'as under existing con ditions, both public and publicans are greatly inconvenienced.' The Full Court has held that tho Crown Prosecutor could file an information against an accused person without there being a preliminary in vestigation and committal. If not said the Chief Justice, the law would be helploss to prosecute after a magis trate had wrongly refused to convict. 8. A n advertisement for a caretaker for a suburban bowling and recreation club recently brought no less than 500 answers. Tho emolument at tached to tho billet is evidently a good one, or else tho number of people re quiring a job in Sydney must bo enormous, the latter most probably being the case. Tho death is announced of Mrs. Elizabeth Billyard, relict of the lato Mr. W. W. Billyard, formerly of Parramatta, and at One time Solicitor General of Now South Wales. He had a large legal practice in Sydney over 40 years ago. The deceased lady died at Bath, England, and was over 81 years of age. James Stansbury, formerly world's champion sculler, has challenged George Towns, present holder of tho honor, to row for the championship of tho world on the Parramatta River course. The terms aro tho cham pionship and £500 a side. Ho desires the contest to take place in best and best boats, at an early date to be arranged. For maliciously damaging weiring apparel, by throwing mud on it, a young 'lady' was at Nowtown last week fined 10s, £1 6s Gd costs, and 5s damage, or 7 days' imprisonment. It appears that accused, whose name was Queenie Shaw, got annoyed with another girrnamed Elizabeth Somers, and threw mud over her dress. On Saturday morning the death occurred at Bathurst of Senior sergeant Joseph Parker, at the age of 75 years. He was retired from the police forco about 20 years ago owing to illness brought on through exposure and privation in tho performance of his duties. Whilo stationed at Wollombi, he was instrumental in arresting 'Yellow Billy,' a notorious outlaw and bushranger, and as a re ward for this he roceived promotion to tho rank of senior-sergeant.. Ho was then appointed to tho charge of tho gold escort in the western, northern, and southern districts. | The Mayor of Gunnedah has J opened a subscription for tho scion- j tific equipment of tho local school with a donation of £5 5s. j Tho United States now has 47 typewriter factories, and theso export £5,04,000 worth of typewriters in a year. ' Gold-bearing stono has been struck at a depth of 800 feet in the True Bluo mine, Wyalong, tho doopest on tho field. A man named John George North way committed suicido at Moonta, (S.A.) by cutting his wrist with a knife and bleeding to death. Arrangements have beon made to send largo shipmonts of horses to tho East. - Tho first ship-load leaves at the end of tho month. A mission is about to leavo France to investigate the administration and condition of affairs in the French Congo. An English visitor from Japan states that tho cost to Japan of tho war is enormous, but is boing borne by tho people without a murmur. At Orango Quarter Sessions, last week, the mm Watterson, who stab bed I. McCormick, of Euehareena, was found guilty of common assault, and a fine of £5 was inflicted. Dr. Bedell Sievwriglit, captain of tho British football team that visited Australia last season, is a passenger by tho stoamer Empire, due in Sydney this week. The appointment of Lord Selborne as successor to Lord Milner in South Africa, is the first time that a Cabinet Ministor has accepted a colonial ap pointment. Tho Australian XI. defeated an Otago (N.Z.) team of cricketers on Saturday, by an innings and 173 runs. The local team scored only 55 and 76. In the 2nd innings Hopkins took four wickets for IS runs, Armstrong 3 for 10, and Cotter 3 for 15. At Newcastle a mother and father were fined, the former £5, tho latter £2, for neglecting their children, wh-5 were half starved and half clad. Tho children were ordered to be trans ferred to the State Childrens' Relief Department. The Boulder (W.A.) branch of tho Workers' Association havo instructed their secretary to write to the Pre mier, and enquire if it was true, as reported, that he, at the Hobart con ference, voted in favor of taxes on tea and korosone for old-age pension purposes. The Cobar town water supply is very low. The local council, at a special meeting held on Friday, de cided to cut off the water daily from 6 p.m. till G a.m. The Railway De partment will be cut off altogether after next week. More than half of Russia's profits from exports, come from tho sale of grain. Friday last was tho twentieth anni versary of the departure from Sydney of the Soudan contingent. Typhoid has broken out at Cobar, a number of local residents being down with the dreaded complaint. Tho Prime Minister has decided, to instruct officers administering the Im migration Act, not to apply tho lan guage test to Now Zealand Maoris. Mr. Bent, Premier of Victoria,' ex pects a surplus this year of £350,000. Tho receipts so far, he regards as satis factory. Tho final test race in tho motor re liability race from Melbourne to Balla rat and back, was won by G. H. Tar rant, (Vic.) who drove a heavy car. Shunters aro most liable to injury of any class of railway workers. One in 12 is injured in a year. Of station masters, only one in 617 is hurt in tho same time. At an inquest at Melbourne last week, it was stated that a deceased baby had been fed on broth, sago, brandy, herrings in tomato sauco and tea. Hugh O'Brien, manager of the Maf fra (Vic.) branch of the Commercial Bank of Australia, has given himself up to the Melbourne police, stating that ho was £1400 short in his cash. ? Signor Marconi in a lecture at tho Royal Institution, said ho was confi dent that, before long, ho would be ablo to transmit messages to tho An tipodes more economically than by cable. The Government has decided to communicate with the other State Governments, with regard to the bringing out of Dr. Danysz in con nection with the extermination of rabbits. Burglars broke into two hotels at Orange last week, and from one, money and articles valued at £100 was extracted, while from the other £17 in money and a gold railwsy pass was annexed. Mrs. Leland Stanford, the well known millionairess and philanthro pist, has died at Honolulu. There are indications that she was poisoned. A bottle of bicarbonito of soda, pur chased in Adelaide in 1903, and re filled at San Francisco, from which Mrs. Stanford drank, was found to contain strychnine. The railway employees in Italy, being forbidden by a Royal order to strike, are attaining their ends by adopting red tape methods of trans acting business. Excessive precautions are being observed by the men. The journey from Rome to Fraacati, a distance of 13 miles, occupies seven hours. A slight shock of earthquake was felt at Cooina, on Monday morning last. A number of foxes havo boon caught in traps laid for rabbits in tho Bathurst district. Tho Casino show ground is to bo lighted up with acetylono gas. Tho cost of the plant will bo £117. Mr. Carruthers, the Premier, will open tne Bathurst show. Mr. Car ruthers will bo accompaniod by Mr. T. Dick. The Postmaster-General has ar ranged for tho despatch of early morning mails to tho west and south by tho newspaper trains. Denmark is suspicious of the fre- ! quont presence of German warships in i Danish waters, and has asked for an explanation. - A man, who admitted that he stolo a pair of boots out of sheer poverty, was sentenced to 6 months' imprison ment in Perth (W.A.), on Tuesday. On Tuesday, Orango was placed in telephonic communication with Syd ney, through Bathurst, a distance of 192 miles. Tho value of duty purposes of tho estate of the late 51r. Andrew Tobin, the well known grazier, of Wiugadee, near Coonamble, was set down at £119,550. W. Lowo was at Sydney, on Monday, committed for trial on a charge of causing au obstruction in tho traffic by means of an advertisement display at his shop in George-street. As a precaution against the intro duction of rinderpest, the Queensland Government intends to prohibit tho importation of stock, hides, etc., from any place except the United Kingdom. It is stated that since tho publica tion of the report on the treatment of tlie aborigines in West Australia, tho police have shot two native wo men. The Earl of Cawdor, one of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and chairman of tho Great Western Rail way, succeeds Lord Solborne as first Lord of tho Admiralty. A West Anstralian bank clork, named William Ridley Hodge, was sentenced at Perth, on Tuesday, to five years' imprisonment for stealing £3000. Doctors' coachmen in Berlin wear white hats. This is to enable the public to promptly recognise a physi cian's vehicle in case his services are suddenly required. On her run home from Gibralter, H.M.S. Drake, of the cruiser squadron, set up a world's speed record by steam ing 24.16 knots per hour for eight hours, beating the cruiser Berwick, and reversing tho result of tho last race home. In view of the frequent oases of ill treatment in the German Army, the . authorities have issued an order ac- , cording to which men who in civil life j have been convicted of ill-treating . their subordinates shall not become non-commissioned officers. M. Danysz, of tho Pasteur Institute, has replied to the Government that he - can come to Sydney for six months to study the question of destroying rab bita, if paid £600 a month. In order to obtain a lasting result for diminish ing the number of rabbits. M. Danysz says it would no necessary to a special and permanent institution. G Mr. E. Bourko, a contractor tf had a sensational experience when ci driving in a sulky to Albury last Mon- P! day. He pulled off at Spectacles Lagoon, 'Howlong-road, in which there PJ are dangerous holes, to give his hor«c a drink, and as he did so tho animal slipped, and plunged into a lagoon, tho sulky going under in 12 feet ol j v.'atc. Bourke was thrown clear o the vehicle, and succeeded in swim ming out, but on landing and seeing the reins floating ou tho surface, h- returned, with the object of savint fyj the horse. On securing the reins lit was unable to effect a landing, owim 5 to the slippery natuie of the banks and after abandoning the attempt tc save the horse, he cnly succeeded ir getting ashore by a desperati * struggle, in an exhausted condition The horse was drowned. On a pre vious occasion many years ago, a tean of bullocks was swallowed up in thi same lagoon. 