[?] Anti - Socialists wax eloquent on the blessings of 'fair competition.' Hut fair comncti tion is possible only between equals, and anti-Socialists assure us that equality can never be. This sort of logic runs in a silly circle, like a puppy in pursuit of its own tail. Brisbane city council ha-s decided to resist payment if the Govern ment put on men to kill rats and charge the city with the cost. Judging by the result of the liurrum election the Government will have its work cut out by aud-by killing jtK own 'rats.' Dr. WoHaston, controller of cus toms, paints out that although some of Queensland's industries have undoubtedly suffered under federation owing to the abolition oT^jortler duties and the compe tition of the south, she has gained a good deal by the free admission of her special products to the southern markets. That is all very well, of course, but doesn't l-r. Wollattton know that each of the States, commercially speak ing;, went into Federation in the hope of skinning its neigh bours and giving nothing in return ^ ^Tntmg'^tfie masses 6T the people there was a jgenuine desire 'for^^ederal unity ; among the commercial classes federation resulted from a burning desire to federate with the other fellow's boodle. What is the reason, anyhow, that Queensland cannot compete successfully with the industries of the south under interstate free trade ? We have no legal mac hinery for the fixing of a living wage ; capital here is in no way hampered by 'labour laws.' We are the low-wage State of the Commonwealth. According to the orthodox protectionists the other States ought to be crying out against, the flooding of their mar kets with our low-wage goods. How does it happen that the States in which labour is com paratively dear are beating this State in which labour is deci dedly cheap ? V)r. Tninnc. R.C. Bishop of Wil cannia. denies .} -Premier Reid's statement that he (the Bishop) had protested against the Socia listic aims of the Labour party, and expresses himself as 'greatly annoyed at Mr. Reid's misrepre sentations.' ' ' I did not attackih' Labour party (he says). On the contrary I explicitly doctored that thft aims and ntubitions of the Party nre soi'tid. What I did protest aRBinst was the abuse of moral teaching by orpans fnr which the party is responsible, and the immoral and JvreliRioiis declarations of isolated members of the Part v in Broken Hill.' Br. Dunne must have been un I happy in his. choice of language. We all of us understood his attack to !)e directed against the Party and not merely against individual papers and politicians. On his present statement we must rank I the bishop himself as a Socialist. I Kit her that, or be under the I painful necessity of marking him I down as antagonistic to 'aims I and ambit ionsi' which he admits I to he sound. I Labour leader Watson: 'Whether I Mr. Reid likes it or not, Socia I lisni is bound to come, and it I may be only a little time before I it comes.' I The Labour... pkrty of, Westralia, I is threatened,; wJ^h ' so-ioUi:;;,ii^ ^ens»o^.i§foavei| W^fe-fl^ JfrPW a ttsTlie l)agTisn fldnSstry' appears* to bo. Bot t^M- ^, thaupand times to hiv^f a GoVfernAiewt to fighV tli^in o»e to apojogiee far. Prqiniei? Bully. B^nt, in emula tion o( George Roid*s platfortn clowning, has, taken : 4*- singing comic -songs at hit* untiSbcraliit ic meetings in Victoria, , The best ; thing the people of Australia can; do with these twin comedians is turn them over to Hatty ' Ri«kK ?- President Green, of the Orient Steamship Company, admits that the white labour stipulation In the mail contract had nothing to do with the demand for an in creased subsidy. The co. simply took advantage of its monopoly, and the fact of a sympathetic Go vernment being in power, to bleed the Commonwealth for an addi tional £70,000 a year ! Yet the capitalist press, which is eontina ally howling ibout 'Federal ex travagance,' had nothing but approbation for this scandalous plundering of the public purse ! Our Danish comrades scored magnificently at the recent muni cipal elections for Copenhagen. T4ie contest w«s -fought- -for- the first time on the direct issue of Socialism, and the Socialists won every one of The seven vacant seats with a vote which was a miracle of solidarity, each candi date polling over 21,000, and less than 50 votes separating the highest from the lowest of the seven ! The Copenhagen --Council consists of 42 uitmteri^ ^aad^ ±fa^ Socialists now number 10. Queensland Parliament has been Turlher prorogued lo July 4. Harely Jus Parliament niet so late, even under the old Boodle dispensation. Minister Airey re cently staled that it was doubt ful if certain important legislation would be introduced in the com ing session, owing to the great amount of business to be tran sacted'. Then why delay so long the taking down of the »htittet*sJ? In Frieburg, one of the chief cities in Switzerland, the Social ists at the last election won 17 seats in the City Council, where they formerly had only one. At a public meeting at Cairns addressed by the visiting Federal members, Senator Stewart asked the audience to vote on questions he submitted. (1) 'Do you think th«- sugar industry will die if kan akas aiv? removed ?' Almost un animous vote for 'No !' (2) 'Do you think the Immigration Act should be amended ?' Same vote of 'No.' (8) 'Do you think the bonus should be extended ?' Un animous 'Yes.' Stewart: 'Thank you, that was just how I wanted you to vote.' The Committee of the Long reach Branch, A.W.U., have for warded the following resolution passed at a meeting held on the 14th inst. : 'That this Committee heartily endorses the. letter ap pearing in the Worker on the fis cal question written by Senator Stewart.' Mount Morgan Argus suggests that .Tim Page should stand with Higgs and Dawson for the Senate next election, as the Maranoa is safe for any Labour Candidate, and such a combination, it rec kons, would ensure the downing of Drake. In the Worker's opinion the Drake is a dead bird who ever handles the gun. Rockhampton Record, embol dened no doubt by the suggested wages tax for the upkeep of the hospitals, advocates) that a tax of 5/- a year should be imposed on all electors before * they are allowed to exercise the franchise ! The Worker regrets to hear that Labour member Dunsford is very ill with asthma. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Toombul W.P.O. will be held on Monday next, the 25th instant, at the Temperance Hall* Lutwycho. ' ? - _t La,t(ijfc Sydney ^Voxfcer tp h-antf j contains an interesting interview with the Rev. Carr Smith, of Syd ney, on the subject of Socialism. *? The Christian religion is essentially Socia listic, (safd Mr. Smith), and where the tJhufch has kept to its ideals it has baen a Christian Social Democracy. The fjord's Prayer li the very spirit of Christian 8o4»li$m. When a man prays, 'Give us this day our daily bread/ -be is not praying as an individual for himself individually, pat -a one for all. . . Theyetmger generation of High Churohmen in England are Socialistic almost to a man. While in England 1 was acquainted with many high dignitaries in the Church who are out-and-out Socialists In short, I cannot see how English clergymen can be otherwise than interested m the -3hristiau Sooiaffst movement WH1 Dtftiy Denhfitnr ndtr? ^ppsars (ft -lu'«iL- Iwi tttin fun thi\ ^lirici in r\ religion an a branch of the pro duce Jausuiess, rii»dJ^=pstste-*fe«^ foregoing in Ilia— silk- -bell-topper ? Premier Setldon says he wilT strenuously oppose the proposal to make the tTZ. Legislative Council elective, as it would play into the httndfi of the Coiiserva tiveH. He is right. The two-hottse system is a tratid^mrDeinocracy. if tha~ Jlpper JWouse ecboea the Popular House it is unnecessary ; if it opposes the Popular House it is undemocratic. What is want ed is to destroy the power of the Upper House, not strengthen Its hands. The only way to mend it is to end it. Opponents of the Labour) party arc making a move In various electorates to put names on ttie State rolls, and are paying parti cular attention to the enrolment of the women. No doubt they will follow their usual practice of carefully omitting those residents known to have Labour leanings, and secure as many antiLabour ites as possible. In view Of this it behoves the various W.P.Os. and individual Labourites to alsjO, take a hand and enrol all avail aole residents in their respective districts. It cannot be too often repeated that the work of enrol ment has been left to private en terprise. The police will not go round collecting names, as they do for the Commonwealth rolls. There is a great deal of misunder standing o^n this score. Labour leader Kerr returned to Brisbane An Tuesday after a visit to IWo, BJacUll, and Ieuford, in the Central districts. There are 15,000 Japs in San Francisco in domestic service, and going to school, too. They work in the morning from six to nine, then away to school until four, and from then they work until seven, when ttyey are at liberty again. How they work the oracle with their mistresses it is hard to guess. A white girl with such ambitions and holiday hours would not get house-room in Brisbane mansions. General Sir William Butler's report upon the sales and refunds to contractors during the South African war, and since, contains startling disclosures, also grave indictments, and emphasises the evils of divided responsibility and, joint administration. , Burglars slote, £000 worth of Je^eUary, [roan, Goppolfa ostabHah-r mGnt^4n**^bQttm-fc ^ »? *? * m 