YEA WATER TRUST. TIE usual monthly meeting of the Yea WVater Trust was held on Mon day week, when there were present Coms. Dunlop (Chairman), O'Callag han, Purcell, and Sanders. CORIRESPONDENCE. From Water and Irrigation Associa tion informing the Trust that the executive committee of the Association weutld meet in May when the bill to consolidate tihe Waiter Act will be further discussed. IHeld over. Ftolu'Country Fire Brigades Board asking the Trust to take steps to request ratepayers to turn off their taps in the event of a fire, thus giving an increased pressure whilst the fire lasts. Members consideredl that this was a matter that affected cities and towns. Secretary stated that last week he heard that two beasts were lying dead on Messrs. Devlin's land at Glenmore, Sand were likely to be a cause of con tamnination to the water supply. He had written asking them to remove the beasts. A letter was received stating that thie matter had been attended to. Com. Bett wrote tendering his resignationas a Commnissioner as he felt that lie could not do justice to the position on account of his health. Coim. Sanders moved that the resig nation of Coni. Bett be left in the hands of the Chairman to be dealt with in accordance with the Act. Seconded by Cosm. Purcell and carried. A letter was received from MIr. F. Pelt in which he stated that lie was prepared to give 25s per year for two years if the Trust would lay the main along Duke Street to Iis property. Chairman said the Trust could deal with this matter as soon as the money was obtained from the Government. lie was sanguine of getting it before the end of the year. \- FINANCE. Chairman stated that the arrears of rates were now only £4 13s Gld. Accounts amtounting to £109 18 S2d w,re passed for payment, and this left a credit balance of.£11 8s 3d. TENDER:. Tihere was only one tender, that of D. Il'Gillivray at 9s per chain, for fencing in the reservoir reserve with a seven wire fence with droppers. The tender was accepted. lDretse the month of February there was a falling off in the arrivals of butter in Melbourne from the country of nearly 1000 toui, as compared with the previous sman th says the " Leader." in a report upon this 'Mr. Crowe, Govertnaent Dairy Expert, s.ays that tile figures show in a striking main ner the extent to twhieh producers still rely on weather conditions, and emphasizes the need there is for them to put by the surplus growthis f Spring as ensilage, and to grow green folder ctopls for this time of the year, so that the supply may be maintained With a furthet falling effourhold on certain valuable ,arki tt will have to be relinquish ed. Other countries will then pick up the connectios, and it will be necessary to fight the battle again wh-ln supplies are available. The arrivals of butter last tantha totalled 1539 t, nls,as ccmiparedl with 2549 tons for Juniuary, and ''047 tons for February last year. Is" revietng?? the British provision trade of 1901, the "Mark Lane Express" writes -The great contest in the butter trade of 1904-if open competition in the import mal ket may thus be ten ed--has been be tween the advocafes of a "shilling" butter and tie defenders of a "sixteenipenny" cut. With the latter figure the interests of the Danish pr'oducers and their agents are most closely allied, whilst as to the cheaper and most popular sort, as sent from tie Australasian colonies, the advantage, pecu niary and otherwise, rested more entirely with Ihitish consumers and distributors. All the year through these contending forces have been at work in upposing each otherat every chance, and seeking to bring the malket under their own control; but the balance of supply and demand has been so adjusted as to leave neither one or the other of the great imnorting parties more than a teniporary control of the course of the butter market. A WRIrEe i1 th:e last " Fortnightly se view" declared that Great lBritian is losing her native born population, by emigration, at the rate of about a quarter ,f a miilion per annum, and thati tie placcs of these are beLing filed by immigrants miade up of thie lowest races in Europe. In the last fifty years nine million Ihitilt born people have left tihe United Kingdom. 