Needles. SHOUT-SIIAtiP-SIIINY. Michaclmcss holidays end. Last day for tbjj registration. New turf wicket at Singleton cost £30. Kind's birthday kept November 13. Coonamble crops reported failures. Shearers paid 30s per 100 at Windy. Rabbit trapping not a success. Shearers scarce everywhere. Men mostly on the coast. M.C.C. annual sub. raised to £1. Preparing for dairying at Nun die. Proposed to dredge the Peel for gold. Several more fatal pea rifle accidents. Constable Walker, who ahot Thunderbolt, now Super at Allmry. Rev. P. S. Waddy showed good batting form at Singleton last Saturday. On Thursday 30 stud Shropshirca were re ceived at Cuan. Best slump extractor-a dentist. He can grub 200 achers a day. Poisonous weed killed 17 travelling sheep near Cargo. Office of Rix Creek Colliery burgled. Vari ous things stolen. Brace of Maorilanders-Maniopoto and Mahulonga-first and second favourites for Melbourne Cup. A bookmaker built a row of houses in a Sydney suburb which he named "Mugs' Row." With neither war nor cricket news the big dailies are hard put to it for matter. The pea rifle may help them. Mrs. King and infant rescued when in the utmost peril from their burning house at Pelaw Main. Mother-in-law to Public School teacher Long of ISunnan. . | When the roll was called at a Molonj* shed two men appeared-a hand shearer and a policeiffan. The latter arrested the former. Then there was none. Stated that Commonwealth Parliamentary I " refreshments" account conies to £23,000 a ? year. Don't know which to admire most, the fertility of invention displayed by the Cliffdale Tom Pepper or his weak-kneed aplogist. Sunshine the remedy for baldness. Sci how strongly hair grows on a working man's forearms. Sun Wing IIow, calling himself a Chinese prophet, predicts several months dry weather. We will have rain when the voice of the house frog is heard. .Shares in (he new Coppabelta silvermine, near German tan, are now at a premium. Why not apply for aid from the prospecting Vote to sink a shaft on the Timor silver lode ? Mooubi bridge opened by Harry Levein on Thursday. No wonder horses are dear when an order for 10,000 for the Far-East has been executed. Mr. II. W. Bell considers it probable that in two ye; rs motor cars will convey cream to factories. So mote it be ! General Booth's immigrants will find Pilliga Scrub an uncongenial home: Rabbits. Soil, sand. No water except in Brungle Gully. Butter is graded in all the other States. Un fair to churn together cream from careful and careless dairymen. A few issues back it was asked why Danish butter brought so much more than New South Wales. Answer: Ours is not graded-Danish is. As Mr. F. Payne, of Wombramurra, was opening a tin of carbide the contents ex ploded. Painful facial injury, At a Gidley hare drive on Saturday 935 were shot. The Id a scalp paid by Mr. King -amounting to £3 17s lid-went to the Tamworth Hospital. Our local delegates to the Municipal Con ference supported every resolution except one relating to church taxation-they voted for them. Re Rabbit Act, A. N. Pountney calls atten tion in the Quirindi Gazette to the hardship of compelling small holders to buy a poison cart and imperil his pigs and poultry. Interfering at all with rabbits in a district like Quirindi is a v;ork ol supererogation. " Yarraman" Pyke gave a gramophone en tertainment to Coomoo Coomoo shearers and netted £2 Ss 6d for Quirindi Hospital. country cricket clubs starting ^jjl^arried versus single matches. ^itKr^feUbrook cricket practice starts this afternoon. Exchange asks how to kill crows. Chop ping off their heads with a tomahawk as good way as any. Strike occurred at Doblkin station over the rations, Police sent for and all the men ordered off the station. At Weeta Waa shearers struck for 25s. Re fused, the men rolled up their swags and left. Hurdle horse Roachy, together with his owner, trainer and jockey disqualified for two years. At the Bourke horse sale 2650 sold averag ing over £15 per head. Glen Innes P. and A. Association erects new brick pavilion at £335 cost with £11 13s in hand. Sanguine New Englanders ! Murrurundi Picnic Races, No. 13. Everyone wants railways everywhere with sidings at their own back yards. Mr. W. E. White's Parjgon ran three seconds before winning Tattersall's Hurdles on Saturday. Hooray 1 Iron and steel to be manufactured in our own country. Shearing protracted owing to scarcity of labour. Attracted by the prosperity of the Richmond River for months past a steady stream of men have been setting in thither wards. Mrs. Gollan, old Aberdeen resident, died on Saturday, aged 65: Billiards, bob a hundred at Scone. Mrs. Courtenay Smith conducting temper ance campaign at Tamworth. Mr. L Whitehead, manager of Tamworth branch of the Bank of New South Wales, was the recepient of a testimonial yesterday on his departure. Mr, W. N. Sendall succeeds. Secretary of Tamworth L. V. Racing Club applies for public holiday on the first day of the meeting. What next ? As Mr. Moylan, the Gundy hotclkeeper, was returning from a day's hare shooting in a two-horse buggy one of the traces became loos,e and a bolt ensued. The pace was a cracker for six furlongs, aud streaks of fire marked the break blocks. When 200 yards . from home Mr. Moylan told his 10-year-old son to drop over the back, which he did. After some exciting experience the horses overturned the buggy at their own stable, and the owner was thrown out. Both father and son -though bruised and shaken-escaped serious injury, Glen Innes ifiedicQ got a motqr car. Nearly all the coast doctors use them, i Miss Idalia and The Pet should win the Tamworth double next Wednesday and I Thursday, Concert and ball in aid of the Gundy Mechanics Institute realised £12 12s. At Walgett nine small holders were lined 10s each and costs for not destroying rabbits. Interfering with the liberty of the subject. Gulgong is now the poorest and most miser able hole in Australia. A stranger has to plank his bob before he can sit down to a feed, which is worse than Scone, where they only shepherd your hat. There was a decent boarding house in Gulgong, but the proprietor drew a big prize in a sweep and things went j on anyhow. The latest is that the local medico has had a verdict of £8 5s recorded against him for board and lodging. He asked (hf time to pay, but the }3ench fefusecl. As uq. body lias any money at Cjulgong, and nobody ever tries to earn anything-except the kids which go "specking" around the mullock heaps after rain-and as there has been no rain lately, Gulgong's source of revenue has been blocked, Hence the doctor can't get in his .>$ fees and pay (hp landlord, THE Winner Of Tun Cui>-The man who wins in the contest is admired by his enthusiastic friends. lie has worked hard to attain his superior power and deserves their applause; but he alone knows what suffering the eifort has cost him. Many a winner of tho raco gives the credit of his success to Chamberlain's Pain Balm. 'J'he eeaslesss training which he undergoes briugs stiffness ami soreness of the muscles and often sprains and swellings. One application of this remedy gives immediate relief and for cuts and bntiscs jt has no equal. It ia the favourite liniment among prominent athletes for Sale by M, Campbell tintl Co, Ltd, 