OUR LONDON LETTER Emigration Question, imperial Labour tJonfereuce. \- Co-operative Farming, (Ftom Our. Own Correspondent.) LONDON,. September 1.- EMIGRATION QUESTION. Several. aiticlcs...aml -letters- have "ap peared in- the .London Press this week on . utile emigration- question. I quote an ex tract or. two . from the letter of an enii : aicnt, man,- who is regardful as an author- coly on the - mallei Dealing with tho jiro- .bleru of the poop, the writer ..goes on to jsay : "As -Great Britain has such exten sive .countries us Australia, New Zealand. : Canada-, -and. olhors wanting population, a (national 'effort should bo made to assist lithe emigiaiit., The existing conditions o' ... living 111 the, mother country (I have had -large experience of tlie-Austraiian colonics) do not . give -the .poor, a fair chance. I .Vvqulii suggpst tnaii I-ns .Majesty's Govern- 1 nent should, invite the Premiers' of ;tho -..various .colonics to meet the British Par- \- foiamcnt in conference. There is' no doubt ! ithat; each ' colony would gladly welcome a .'number of 'their English cousins. But the difficulty -is to get .t-ficrii 'there, and in this ithe colonies could' well assist, ' for -any 'money 'judiciously- applied lo-thht- purpose .would speedily repay itself. ' CHANCE1 AND A PROSPECT. ' '"In a new cbuiitry;" . continues,' the Writer, "and under far hotter conditions, the poor- people who are' now In want' at home would have a leal' ehaiicc,'- and a chance with; an encouraging prospect: The new- settlers should' receive assistance for .the -first year, till their- crops grow, i. . . Ill most of the colonics the climate is good, -the air being, very -pure, with little l variation in the temperature . of , many/ of them. Both New Zealand and Australia have thousands of miles of coast- line.: uninhabited, with water and fuel' in abundance. What- with fish, fruit, vego- . .tables, grain, &c.;, to be bad for the labour of it, lie would indeed he a hope less' man who "could not keep himself and family. ... Tile British 1 make good colonists, and seem to lie able to adapt .themselves to any temperature. I have known English miners to work 1,000 feet below the surface, in a temperature that natives horn in the country could not 'stand, and during a sea voyage in 'the tropics, firemen (Londonders) endured the intense .heat ill the stokehole while coloured firemen had to be carried . on deck to revive. I "think' with men of that stamp— and there are thousands or them who would he only too glad to get to .the ! colonies— there -need be no fear about their succeeding, if assisted to emigrate, and given a fair start on llic land. Let the -Australian colonies look to it in their own best interests," .. . IMPERIAL LABOUR CONFERENCE. A scheme is on foot to bring, about an -Imperial Labour- Conference. Mr. J. R. -MacdonaJd, secretary of the Labour Re presentation Committee for England,, has .. brought it forward, and the proposal is -'attracting, considerable. 'attention. If is now under I lie. consideration of the Labour Representation Committee, but nothing definite will lie .decided upon until- the other labour organisations in the country hav6 replied to an, invitation to . co-oper ate in the scheme. The idea has met ' with such warm and general approval, . however," Ithat it is confidently expected all the labour unions will join in the effort to .bring it, to a successful issue. Mr. " Mncdonalii's . pr6pos.il is to select !thrce representative labour leaders, who should make a tour of the colonies. They would visit Canada anil New Zealand, and then go on to, Australia-;, and, if it was found that labour was sufficiently well or ganised in . South Africa, 'a' visit might also he paid to the colonies 'there.. Steps would he taken to have flic conference or ganised .with all due formality, and it would be in : every .way of a:' responsible character. The. -Socialists .of, the. Labour party— and .1-.' think; the majority 'of, them are Socialists-ftake to themselves much of the credit for -the present good 'under standing that prevails 'between France and England,- and -assert -that it was only after the groundwork had been laid- by them that the aristocratic and .governing classos took up the matter." Tlio Labour party - are, anxiqus that, the entente cor- diale shoiild not be merely between Great Britain and .continental countrl.es, hut be tween, the British Empire, and European nations.'. One. of .the. objects ;of the. confcr- ciicc would. he, 'to bring the . . LABOUR FORCES OF THE EMPIRE -INTO LINE : with" each' cither. In -an interview, "Mr. Macdonald remarked that it wit's prac tically certain the ' Colonial . Conference next' yeur would discuss .Mr, Chamber- Iain's fiscal proposals, and lie 'did riot want the 'Labour party, in the' colonies to lie. captured by. the protectionists., 'If . in dividual colonics chose to' adopt 'protec tion, that' was their affair, and no at tempt would be made to interfere '. with their domestic policy ; , but; they,' wanted to organise :thc Labour party throughout the colonics, with reference to' any Im perial protectionist policy, "Fis'ciilitis " (adopting the' new term) '.'would not," said Mr. Macd'oiuild, "be the only ques tion, that would engage the attention ot tile coining conference. Labour legisla tion, factory laws, and land laws in the colonics could lie profitably inquired into, and the report of the deputation on these matters would- be a valuable guide to the Labour party in England in their future work for reform. In this way, an Im perial Labour party might ho evolved. The Labour Conference would be on simi lar lines to the Colonial Conference to be held in England, except that, instead of a fixed meeting-place, the delegates from this country would visit the colonies in turn. At present, howcvci, nothing de finite had been fixed, although it might be said that the proposal had been approved.!' CO-OPERATIVE FARMING. A large party of ' Yorkshire farmers is about to pay a visit to Denmark, with the object of witnessing and 'investigating tue improved methods of- co-operation which have proved so profitable to the Danish farmers. Our farmers may well do so, and" get a lesson if they can, for the quantity of dairy produce Denmark sends to the United Kingdom is enor mous. The party will 'leave next week, anil will travel via Harwich for Eshjerg, which they wiil reach on Friday night. On the following Monday lhc»milk farms and depots in the district of Copenhagen i will be visited. During the week, the dele- ! gates will visit Ilasley, when one of the largest co-operative dairies in Denmark, I dealing with the milk from 4,500 cows, j or considerably over 3,000,000 gallons a i year, will be inspected. The membership j of this co- operative dairy is made up of i large estate owners, each having from j 150 to 250 cows. Butter and-- cheese I making arc important departments, especi ally cheese-making at Trifoliam,. where | the buildings and equipment cost nearly | £00,000. SUCCESS OF THE PEACE' . CONFERENCE. , All that part of the civilised world i which believes in the progress of mankind, will rejoice that peucc has, after all, been made, and under circumstances which convey a great lesson to the nations. Japan's action, will, . of course, be mis understood and' misconstrued,' hut I feel I confident that presently - the '' more her action is calmly considered, the more', it i will be seen to have been dictated by a profoundly wise iiud prudent . statesman ship. It will be said, no doubt, that ' Japan has given herself away, and- that Russia j lias bluffed' her out of lier rights, i The Russians will boast and bounce' that | they iiavo won a great diplomatic victory, ; and that the Japaucse have wisely with- : drawn, while they were able to do so. But with the real facts before the world, Japan can well alford to treat all such i misrepresentation as this' with contempt, j JAPANESE STATESMANSHIP ' At. the same time, I do, not believe for a mopient that Japa'h has" made the con cessions which assured peace entirely from motives of magnanimity. While giving her all credit for her moderation, it is obvious that licr statesmen considered the situa tion, and the interests of their country, from a broad commonscnse point of view. With a record of unbroken victory by sea and land, ever sinco the war began ; with ; her armies and fleets occupying advanta geous positions; aud above all, with the dominant fact that she had already se cured all she demanded of Russia, and all she drew the sword to obtain, her rulers probably thought— and if so, justly ' thought— that Japan could afford, to make peace, retiring from the struggle with a ! brilliant reputation ' for all 'that goes to i make a nation great: I THE FUTURE, j On the other hand, Japan had to , con- j sidcr that if the conference failed, the war might go on for several years, seriously draining her of men and money ; that on her part the war would be continued for i no adequate purpose, since she had got all she wanted ; and tlmt ,it was not im possible that the fortune of war might turn. But now "Japan's leading position in the far east had been assured; Russia ' had threatened her interests and security, but had been driven hack, and her en croachments in Korea and Manchuria ; cITcctually stopped. From this point of i view further bloodshed would ho culpable, j It is- said that Japan; by her conces sions, lias left herself open to. the danger, of j a war of retaliation a few. years' Hence. , As j to that, it- may bo observed that 'Russia i will have -learnt to 'change' her. view's of ! Japin;' that 'before many years 'have passed, 'Russia may possess a" freer and more enlightened form of Government ; . and that in the meantime' Japan' will not fail, with hor newly-acquired advantages, and her rapid national, development,', to fortify1 herself against .arijr sucli", future emergency. Happily; there is at least- one : common ground of' satisfaction -'at, thp re sult of ,the corifcrencc, , .the : saying ' of / life,' and the prevention of' unutterable 'suffer- ing and misery on - both sides. . .. CANADIAN CREAMERY. ; \- The largest, creamery yet formed , in Canada, says a.'Britislr agricultural jour-- nil of high repute, is ' being- organised at \- Montreal, - under tile - name of -tho Caiia- I djan Produce - Company, Limited; capita-' lisqd at 250,000 dollars.- Toronto, 'Morit- I real,-- London', and ' Hamilton, capitalists aye interested, ' and a Dominion charter 'lias been- applied for. The 'company will operate a ercaihery' . in; the 'vicinity of Montreal,' having a' daily" capacity of 20,000 .lbs- 'of 'butter. ' : It 'Will export .butter largely -to Great Britain, and will ship also eggs, and poultry. ' The company will introduce the system of collecting cream at a centralised creamery, . and cream will bo 'expressed by farmers within a radius of 100 miles. Most of the capital stock has been subscribed, and the company will probably commence opera tions soon after' receiving a charter. It is added 'that ' tvheh ; this creamery is fully established, others , -will lie" started on similar lines in other parts of Canada,- BEANS ' VERSUS- i.EEF, Now is. the vegetarians' chance. While lithe and sinewy- Japanuse- wrestlers have hebn. staggering big and brawny. English men, while .steel-muscled Japanese sol diers have been fighting against gigantic Russians in Manchuria,., wc have had . ob ject lessons that can never ho surpassed of the value of! the. earth's products as a means , of building ' up the physique. The European must be led to understand that, the Japanese can give him beans, simply because the Japanese live on beans. It appears ' from a' letter that' has been printed in the ".Times," and is dotted all over with figures und analyses, that the Japanese body is mainly developed on soya, arid 'its products. Soya is a bean grown in Japan and Manchuria, but not obtainable in England. It can bo made into many kinds of soups and dishes, and contains, so we aro told, an astonishing amount of everything good and whole some— sufficient at any rate,., to put heel and mutton entirely in the shade J am afraid "this is -an exaggeration. As a- correspondent writing on t-ha -subject-says: "Wo may grant that the results, as demonstrated, aro admirable— for the Japancso. . But it will tako many vego-' ttiriaris to convlnco tlio Englishman that they would be equally admirable if ho forsoolc tlio diot of his father, for the marvellous soya bean. What is meat to tlio Japancso might be mcro beans to us." .EMIGRATION RETURNS. i By a' Board of Trade return, issued yes terday, it appears that botween 31st December, 1004, and 31st July, 1005, 57,240 persons of British origin emi grated to Canada, an increase ' of 10;000 ovor tho number of British- emigrants daring tlio corresponding period dust year.- Australasia took 6,325, an incroasq' of nearly 500 on the seven months in tho previous year. Tho -emigration to India showed '-a decrease of 278 ; the number being 1,421. Other British colonies.- re ceived 2,078 British immigrants. ,Tho total number of Britons who \loft the ' mother country for tho' colonics was 80,045, nn increase of about 10,000 over tho same period last year. Those who went to foreign countries ' numbered 70,864, of whom tho United States ' re ceived 67,728. Tho total .number of emi grants tor the seven months- under tcview was 150,000, nn increase of 13,447, com pared' with tho corresponding, seven months last year. f. A! STEP IN .THE RIGHT DIRECTION. A wise and prudent cireulat was issued the other day by tho Central -Education Board, directing that tlio children in all the public schools shall in future _ be regularly taught in matters ol hygiene and tcmperanco. But when 1 read1 the document I could not help wishing it had gone a step further and adopted the-prac- ticc observed, nay, not merely observed, but enforced by law— in every .public school in the United States, where the injurious clfccts of alcohol on the -human system are demonstrated by. chemical- ex periments in the < regular- course of in struction. You must clearly understand that this instruction is not optional or voluntary, it is absolutely' compulsory in every . Stale in the union. , Some week or two ago .S f Wilfrid Lawson, M.P., president of tho. United Kingdom Alliance, and other gentlemen, held a reception at the Caxton Hall, Westminster, to welcome several dis tinguished tcmpcrarico reformers, who had come over from America oil a .visit to Great Britain. I was present on tho oc casion, and I have mora than once- re gretted that the great pressure' of public events about tlic time prevented fuller- re ports of tho reception in the newspapers. For, apart from - the temperance question, the speeches of tho Americans, ladies and gentlemen alike, were of a very important character from a purely educational and moral point of view. Professor ' Dickie, principal of one of the finest colleges in the United States, Dr.' arid Mrs. Alison, of New York, anil others declared em phatically that in all the round 'of moral teaching' and persuasion in America, no greater preventive of intemperance among the people was to be found than in the one school lesson to which I have re ferred. 1 do ' not know whether the in struction is given in the schools of- Queensland, if so you arc ahead of us, arid if not the hint may ho of service. SUICIDE OF AN AUSTRALIAN ' BROKER. An inquest was held in London yester day on the body of Mr. Thomas II. Baxter, aged 45, who was described us an Australian, broker, .and who -lived in Fortune Green road. West I-Iampstcad. Mrs. Baxter identified, the body of hor husband, who, she said, carried on busi ness in the city and . had large business transactions with. different parts of. Aus tralia. She had known, him since Easter, and had been married to him four, weeks. In the spring lie suffered from dysentery, and had since then been very nervous. .Their honeymoon was spent in Devon, and . Cornwall. "During the first, ten .days' ho seemed to be-all right, but during' the' latter part of the time "he was very rest less and suffered frorii insomnia. For four days before they punie home he was in bed, but lie bore the journey home very well on Thursday, and on Friday he went out to see' -his mother. Dr. Monk saw him in the morning and prescribed for him. In the evening he had dinner and went to bed early. At 10 o'clock she gave him some hot milk and whisky. He did not say much, and she thought he was despondent. He had suffered from fits of despondencjr, hut ho had nevctr threatened to take his life. He slept alone, and when she .looked in at 10.30 he was asleep. At 0.30 on Saturday morning she went to his room and saw him hanging by a cord near-the window. He was quite dead. On the mantelshelf she found ? small ; piece of -paper, on which was written : "In deepest sorrow and abject misery.. Sleep and myself have long been strangers.". In reply to the coroner, Mrs. Baxter said that on his honeymoon, .about a fortnight ago, he said he felt so despondent that he could drown himscir, but next day lie told her not to take any notice of the remark. The coroner asked whether deceased was in any monetary difficulty, and she re plied, "Not that I know of." The coroner : " Was he not misse'd at one time during the honeymoon 7" Mrs. Baxter': "Yes, he was missed for a day and a night, and when he returned he said that his mind was a -blank, and that he had been walking all the time." Evidence was then given that deceased had recently 1-oid a friend that sleepless ness vims driving him off his head. Suicide whilst, of unsound mind, was the verdict returned. THE MAILS. The following appeared in > the Lon don papers this week : "A Router's tele gram from Ottawa states that the Allan line have had their Atlantic mail contract with the . Canadian Government renewed for a period of five years." The Canadian-Pacific Company has given notice to the Government that it proposes competing with tlio Allan line next season. 