Victorian Notes. The Poor Publican. The liquor trade is ucver without a grie vance. At tho annual picnic luncheon there arose a pathetic wail for "justice," a gift that all lovers of tempcrancc and good morals have been willing to bestow on the traffic for many a long day. Let the cry for justice bo* answered, and the liquor Kellers, for whom exceptional-legislation has been necessary fromjtimo.jimmemorial, will feel the strong hand of the law upon them more severely than ever. - 'The * flagrant and al* Jmost universal Sunday trading is ii dis grace to civilisation. . Tho supply of liquor to children, notwithstanding a new clause in the Act forbidding the sale to persons under 16, still goes on. One or two convic tions have just been obtained, and it.ought not to be difficult to detect offenders under this clause. Still thero is the old whine— "the trade is oppressed, Parliament is one sided, the teetotallers are unreasonable," and so on. Mr. J. Mnloncy (nationality may be guessed), at the function referred to, said tho very existence of tho Licensed Victuallers' Association was threatened, and they would have to fight for it sit no dis tant date, and without uuauimity thev would fail. "They would have local option in its worst form—without compensation." Indeed! Then they would have "justice," the identical thing they arc praying for. The Premier is in no two minds about the keenness of the publicans when personal in terests'arc touched, and is arranging for a new valuation of furniture in the Xorth Melbourne hotels, recently listed for clos ing under the local option law. According to all accounts the figures will bear revision. The injustice, to the mind of everybody ex cept the; parties directly concerned, lies in .the fact that any compensation at all is given. -V Penny Literature. Many ft good pennyworth may he found on the book counters to-day—the Manches ter lectures, for example. A pamphlet is not discredited because it is sold at a low price. The "Catholic Truth Society" has made a, start on cheap lines. The cheap ness. is to be commended. The article it self must stand on its own merits. Hut why should n sermon on temperance, or a booklet on "Uadium" or "Modern Astron omy,", be placed under the heading cf "Ca tholic" Truth unless the term is used in its dictionary sense of "universal," and not in the restricted sense it usually carries? The Roman*Church has no exclusive rights in truth about radium or any other scientific subject. The same thing hiay be said of the essays on Gordon and Kendall, ihe Austra lian poets, published by the society. The fruits of their genius belong to us all alike. If Homo has some special interpretation of their works to offer, and is disposed to twist them to her own advantage, what about Uio "truth?" Other* lives such as "The 'Priests and People of Ireland; a Vindica tion," by. Cardinal Mcran, and "Mary Im maculate mid the Democracy," may be con sidered good; reading for young Romanists, but in what-sense are U»ev "Catholic," save in the narrowest of all:' And what sort of , ■^truth,'.' do they convey but truth distorted fiintion of (lie Pope's ilurk, wo are not (ii\Ulfbi'd by Hie pnisjK-i't tf extensive test nil secessions lis a result of it. A Roudlallon. ,e Tribune*' (K.C.V has como out with a sting leader on "Labor and Socialism," ami ikon the party v.vrion>ly to lash iur its utr.val of social:•*ic* principles, partic ular! in regard to private ownership. The atta* oil tho li»ttor is denounced con trary to the cause of hum;»n pro;;ic>> and civil itiott, ami ns a>soriated with every thing atheistic and blasphemous, The ar ^ticlejloses with the folh.uin;; sentences:— "Anjhmjr -is better Uum socialism. So eialia is merely an anti-ChnMiaa natur nlisnv.uul it really means to sub.-titute ii If i* the Christian ideal, iti claims are prepterous; it pretends that 'Je-uis Christ failo; yet it hopes to sucee.l' it coiura dictjjhe experience of tlie human race and the iitmun sense of mankind. In the eon scicff of mankind lies the redemption of litbon not in tho nostrums of .socialism.-' IlighV or wrongly many have supposed that b Komnii Catholic Church was almost stakil its existence so far as all its poli tical "pes were concerned, on the Labor pnrtyjul was prepared to swallow its pro grami whole. If Homo did not see that socinli in an extreme form was the ha bor P.t's goal, other people, not reckoned so" nstj, saw it, and if Home is unking UP. *° *'10 rwn^ significance of or gniiisc^bor's ambitions, well, better late t, and her repudiation of sncial lo eredit to her sanity, as well as pt she has not lost the instinct of atioii. But, in the light of ro f the .situation is peculiar, and' tars to be some unexplained re clear up. • than i ism w certify self pi centh there i inainde Rev i LI Bevan. Dr. ;U gational week. Church homo iu istered Hractions fur him, more on old clocti of seme Cainpaig the worlc fightiu; lntc. Th tho effec cruel iuu in cornice be. AVels are terms Dr. Bevni. , of the Collins-street Congre urcli, leaves for Knglaiid this i to supply Highbury Quadrant ;oine weeks, and should feel at place where he formerly inin le of his friends think the at the old land will be lea much that we shall see" his face no side of the world. The good tnrdy Protestantism should be to the Passive Resistance ougli it must be admitted that used him so kindly that the ty has somewhat slumbered of no telling, however, what immediate contact with tho mtical conditions prevailing ivith the Education Act may and the spirit of Cromwell oy yet read in descriptions of ut to tho old home. Women at Work. The ''Australian Woman's National Lengue" is getting into form ngain now* that the holidays are over, it is conceiv able that this institution may accomplish much, if it does not all run to machinery and red tape. In opposing the Alien Im migration lUvstriction Act. and the black labor clau.sc in the Postal Act, it miiy find a useful sphere for ity energies .in dis tributing sensible political tracts and hold ing meetings, it may get some light into quarters where it is needed. Hut there is danger of exclusiveuCKs, and of lapse into the comfortable, afternoon tea style of do ing things. The fiasco presented by the W.C'.T.IT. in ninny places should be a warn ing to those who "bite.off more than they can chew." .Machinery, resolution?;, holo and corner chats, teacups and petty glori fications and the great dark world not touched ! Go forward; Indies of the T.eugue. Your theories are all right, but there was never much done on this planet apart from hard work and sacrifice. Private letters give details of horrible UulalitieH perpetrated by the police tit Moshilefl, on tho pre text of HtoppiaK dcnionntratioiiH in the ntitfufs. The victims "were chief!y Jews. .Several jfirlj were flojiBcd almost to death, and 100 men were cruelly injured, many beins crij-i'lcd. The University students ut Mokow have rceoWod to discontinue their studies, while those at lCii-fl decline to procccd with their examinations, as a political protect. The third division of the Baltic ilfct hns Miilrd. Two Dr.nieli torpedo-boats will oacort the licet through Danish waters. Bvrl.ii cOTii'9f>witk'iit» utiitc llmt the Cznr first heard o. 111,! vvcnlH nf "Ited Sunday" when tho JlaiHcr mnt him neuvimper cutlinsw, in llio ab nenai of Shi- Grand Duke*. lm-w,°. "'.I,'10 Kins of Saxony linn ;J" | ,vi]l" at I'lorcncc, in order fo pre sent lliu forcible rcniovul of her infnnt child, llio i riheoflH Monif n. ' rrT\\.'.^ "'f"'1"-" of the crew of tho Btcnra T i," .wm' •"""-■"toy fined X3C0 in nil foe mmuKl,:,,: jo tin, „f vnillcll at e,0 iJSL.W'i "K °n "'""""In^nt to tho n[tin*, Mr S"' i" ' tlnl,° 1|"1 co"'8 tl . r 1? lo 10 l'TOPle, and that Government« policy of J900 won nil Gone rcnl ',"T prefererico and non Son ofT" bJtW1'"' »"<1 the freo ndnm =^p.*°Lwr"Mrll0A';;i,?i"!!.,,,',al- "u"11,0 •Io «n5'°5,r."1 S,',°T0' /;'■tnir" t,ln iwcimationii nindo by ilnmk I V.1?,0"" 0t Porl Arthur wero I..' ' , "r'i.'11;1''""-. Wllcn lle surrendered thero V.VTK only &3<s CfU-otJVfH, rrcneh .correspondent*. nflcr intcrvicwim* ™ tumin-r I'orl Arthur HR™™ ...... ., U. .. 