IMMIGRATION. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,— It was my privilege on October 14 last to locturo in London before tho Lcyton Literary Club, on' "the Commonwealth of Australia with special reference to the State of New South Wales and Its educational system." Jo the course of my address I expressed tho hopo that General Booth's scheme would bo carried to a successful Issue, that IS, 000,000 acres of rich ag ricultural land awaited settlement, and that, al though at present no special inducements wcro offered to clerks, shop assistants, and unskilled laborers, every facility would be given to what or dairy farmers, who with a small capital might be sure of making happy, prosperous homes for themselves. I further emphatically stated, notwithstanding Canada's proximity to Europe, arid tho fact that her politicians nnd others wero booming "Our Lady of tho Snows," New South Wales, with its marvellous recuperative resources, its gonial climate, a'rnl vast mineral wealth, was a far more desirable country for in tending settlers. . For statistical information 3 was indobted to the courtesy of an official In tho Acting Agont-Genoral's Office, who furnish ed me with a pamphlet (published presumably with the sanction and by tho authority of tho State), which distinctly stated the acreage re- ferred to was available for settlement. On ar riving at Colombo, however, I obtained a copy of your issue, dated November 8, which slated that tho Minister foe Lands declared: "If 20 or 80 applicants applied for land, ho would be un able to moot their requirements," or words to that effect. If such is the case, the misleading pamphlet should bo withdrawn from circulation, or immediate steps bo taken to Justify its pub lication by resuming sufficient areas of rich ag ricultural leased lands. I was pleased to obsorvo an awakening interest In Eugland regarding Australia. Wherever I went people wore glad and eager to learn what they could about us. I was also gratified to nolo that the demand for two at least of our Austra lian products -was on tho increase, viz., Aus tralian wines and butter. With ordinary carc the salo of Australian wines may be greatly extended. Danish butter is most iu demand and commands a higher price than ours. I prefer tho Australian product and hence from personal as well as patriotic motives lost no opportunity of asking to bo supplied with that commodity. I visited several schools in London, and two In the country. One of tho latter, in charge of a lady and assistant, had an enrolment of about 40 pupils, corresponding with our eighth - class schools. In point of discipline, organic- Lion, and attainments, this school was far in ferior to schoola of tho same grade in New South Wales. I acknowledge with pleasure tho courtesy and affability of English officials of every grade, Tho London County Council issued souvenirs of the opening of King's Highway. On applying for ooe I was informed the supply was exhaust ed, but on mentioning I came from Australia, and would like to have one as a memento of my visit the official stated mine was an exceptional case, and went to some considerable trouble to procure me a copy. The trip throughout was most enjoyable, and colonists may always rest assured a hearty wolcomo awaits them In tho heart of the Empire.— Yours, otc.. H. J. FOREMAN, "Tho Rock," Wagga. G.M.S, Grosser Kurfurst, Adelaide, December 16. 