C&e; -Bunnip Coming Serais THURSDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1905. THE FEDERAL IMMIGRATION POLICY. Mr. Reid put the direct question to the Prime Minister in the House last night as to what the Government really intends in the matter of immigration, and respect- ing the removal of the restriction on skill- ed immigrants. We are now approaching the end of the session; as Mr. Reid says, it can only last a few weeks longer. It is highly advisable that Ministers should take some definite action before the House rises, because at present we are in a false position before the world. We ask for immigrants, and find we are not ready to receive them because we do not know what lands are available. The other day it was announced that steps were being taken by the Eskbank Ironworks to engage a few leading skilled ironworkers in the United States, to give the new operations a fair start. If the Immigration Restriction Act remains unamended there will be trouble and a good deal of the wrong sort of advertisement when these people seek admission into the Common- wealth unless, of course, arrangements are made beforehand to suspend the operation of the Act in their special favour. These things being so, it is satisfactory to know that the leader of the Opposition was able to get a straight answer from Mr. Deakin. The Act will be amended when the Parliamentary draftsman has time, he says, and we may expect it before the end of the session. Mr. Deakin could say no less, now that Mr. Watson has signified his assent As to the general policy on the question of immigration, the Prime Minister will make it fully known very soon" and in the meanwhile he announces that he is prepared to ask the House of Representatives to vote money to bring out immigrants so soon as the States, or some of them, are in a position to make a definite offer" of lands for settlement This action, though tardy, is well advised. We want population, but we must be able to offer intending emigrants some inducement to come to Australia, if we desire to attract them as against our competitors in this field. Both Lord Jersey and General Booth have remarked on the handicap we suffer under by reason of our distance, and we must set ourselves to counteract that by concessions. Lord Jersey's knowledge of Australia and friendliness to New South Wales are so well recognised that his remarks as reported from Melbourne yesterday are full of interest. It will be noticed that he comments on the somewhat one-sided view of our affairs and legislation which English readers get As he says, it is the criticisms which are laid hold of, and repeated till they become a byword. At present the tendency is to believe that we deliberately shut out immigrants, which is misleading, to say the least. It Mr. Deakin can give us a. policy of direct encouragement, it will do more than anything else to meet these misrepresentations, and refute them. In our "On the Land" column this morning reference is made to the adoption by the Victorian State Government of the Danish system of small holdings, under which settlers are encouraged by receiving £200 worth of land, and the advance of an equal sum for plant and improvements. The bill in hand contemplates the settlement of 500 people in this way within three years. There is the basis of it settlement policy in the scheme-one which could hardly fail to prove attractive. It is of interest to observe that the "Times" is beginning to admit the possibility of an Australian side to these questions. "The motherland," it now says, must realise the nature of Australia's problems, and modify precon- ceived theories to suit them," and this appears to be what Lord Jersey on our behalf has contended for. But our critics abroad, friendly and otherwise, will be better able to do that when Mr. Deakin has time to redeem his promise, and make a plain statement of the Federal Ministry's present policy in respect to immigra- tion. 