Mr. Danish at SoUaoo. , ?? ? - ? ± — -. — , , - ? The Labor Policy Enunciated The Essence of tlie Speech Last night' punctually at 8 o'clock* at the King'B Hall, Subiaco, the Mayor (Mr. J. H. Prowse) iook the chair, and close at his heels came the Premier, of the State (Mr, H. Dag lish),': -vyho was -'billed' to enunciate the policy of the Government. , . Mr. Daglish was dressed in a dark sac suit, and lie wore a small black tie, and well-ironed white shirt, which set off a rather pale complexion. ' 'I stand before you in no way as hamed of the work already done by the Labor' Government,' he said in opening, and there was a loud cheer. Neither had lie any( fear for tho fu ture, and ho expressed pleasure that the Government could not be accused of any, political 'jobbery.' Again there were loud cheers.; \ 'One Premier,' sarcastically continu ed Mr. Daglish, 'had held office for a long period, ami had not made a mistake!' (Laughter.) He could say that MONEY HAD NOT BEEN .????. SQUANDERED. by the Labor Government on public works. It had been predicted that they would do so, and now that the roverse had been the case, the Na tional Association criticised them for not spending enough. Mr. Daglish spen't about five minu tes in introducing preliminaries and then dived into' tho heart of his sub ject, .and started tlie second stage of the speech with a comparison of this year's finances with those of last year. They' . TOCK OFFICE 'WITH HEAVY ; ...?',? LIABILITIES. £20,511. to be paid to the Common wealth for example. During! the pre sent year £'25S,G05 less had been availablc'iis comJjared.*witih'''last''yL'aiv and how could they have spent more than .their predecessors 'without, levy ing . extra taxation? INCREASED LAND SETTLEMENT. he proceeded, meant increased expendi ture, and owing to the liberality of the State's land laws— so much being done for the new settlers — thay had to 6pcnd more at the outset than the. Treasury actually received. 'I'll admit that the Government has not talked as big as it might have done,' he said' with a smile, 'for the MElfBETlS OP THE' GOVERNMENT i AHE MODEST men, .and do not' like to put them selves upon a pedestal.' ' A man at the back of the hall at this -stage seemed to be inclined , to mterject; but a well-dclined, 'Shut up' from other electots spiked tho in tcricctor's gun. . '1 entirely deny that the success or the progress of this State depends up on the lavish expenditure from either loan' or consolidated revenue,' said .the Premier in his next breath. 'Quite right,' came a voice from, the mass in tlie hall, aud there were cheers. Mr. Daglish argued that the poten tialities of the State were ? sufficient en couragement to private enterprise, without State spoon-feeding, and again there was applause. 'Can it be said that, the Government has starved ' the public works of the State?' asked the Premier. 'You have nothing to show for it,' said a man at the back of the hall. 'Shut up!' 'Sit down!' 'Chuck him out!' these cries came from .vari ous parts of the hall. Mr. Daglish contrasted the public work done during the last two years fo Sir John Forrest's term of office, and' since, and inc dentally, sarcasti cally referred to the good old times of Sir John Forrest. ? . By the storm of applause which' fol lowed this remark it was evident that Sir John has a strong- following at Subiaco. 'This Ministry has not starved tho public works, but has exercised reason able care, and reasonable caro would have to be exercised, whether the pre sent Government remained in office or not,' declared the speaker, and, he added, that, even if lie were in Oppo sition he would still advocate rigid economy for the interests of the State should be paramount to the kfceping in power of a certain Ministry. As to THE CIVIL SERVICE, Mr. Daglish said it had grown rathor larger than the necessities demanded, and tho Government had not filled va cancies, and yet at the same time had not embarked on a. policy of drastic retrenchment. v THAT CURSED LABOR . , GOVERNMENT. , This phrase, sarcastically used by Mr. Dnglish, caused a big laugh. He explained that it was used by some people whim times were not quite so good, and there happened to be any diminution of employment. Popula tion w« **3-. fi-^-~ ^-*'''''fie State, he said, and addeil, with a broad smile, 'possibly 'that cursed Labor Government' is also responsible for it:' ' ,...'? A second or two later Mr.' Daglish again referred to Sir John Forrest's Ministerial days, and there was a cry, 'A good man, too I' The interjec tion brought forth cheers. Mr. DagWsh said it was impossible to prevent fluctuation in business and population, and he mentioned with pride that population was still flow ing into the State, despite the exist ence of the Labor Government. A Forrestonian supporter at this stage commenced to interrupt, but it was not easy to catch the trend of his interjection. Mr. Daglish' said he would be glad if the interjector would come . forward and be seen and heard, and not skull; among tho crowd. The individual referred to got cross. 'I'm** well known,' lie yelled ; 'you've been talking for half-an-hour. I want your policy.' This bit 'of by-play tickled tho audi ence. 'Go to Forrest !' advised one, ''Clear out !' urged another. 'Take him to Forrest,' counselled a , third. Mr. Daglish* applied some caustic criticism to the. interjector, and there was soon a deep calm. 'RABBIT PROOF FENCE.' ? )- ,.: As soon as Mr. Daglish announced this heading a shrill interjector got to work and Mr. Daglisli Halted. After- a vigorous 'go' between the interjector and the audience, and during which the chairman- ;-ftnnoivne--l tlfftt' persisvont in- ter jectcrs would be ejected, Mr. Dag lish 'resumed -'his' seat till the storm abated. ' ? 'The asylum for the insane is mak ing good progress,' said Mr. Daglish, in the course of an announcement as to the public works in progress, and a witty auditor said ; 'I know where there's a patient.' Eyes turned to wards one interjector of a few minutes before. DAY LABOR V- CONTRACT, , Tlie success of day labor, -ho speak er urged, was in danger when political influence was exerted. The foe of -day labor, he added, was; not the man who stood up in Parlia ment and denounced it, who went on to the platform, wrote articles m the press, or passed motions at meetings of contractors against it, but; the greatest foes to the day labor system were' mere engaged on a Government work who attempted to shirk doing an honest day's toil for a fair day's wage. There was a volume of applause at this utterance. THE PRIMARY DUTY OF THE ' GOVERNMENT was to the community, and the Gov-. ernment had to see that a pound ?: of value was returned -to -the State for a pound of expenditure, he added, and there was another cheer. ? ?The goldfields' water supply, was touched upon. It was not the duty of the State to provide cheap water for dividend-paying mines, hut the Minis ter of Works had a scheme for giving cheap water to low-grade mines. As to the CITY WATER SUPPLY, he said the Government hoped to cease .pumping at the Causeway and Wellington-street, an-d to supply sur plus water at reduced rates. 'What about the extension of Broad Arrow and Menzies?' askod aii. inter jector a minute later, and the audi ence laughed. ' ? ' l- 'Never mind that,' said another, and Mr. Daglish took the hint, and passed on to other topics. If proper encouragement and atten tion were given to THE PASTORAL INDUSTRY i cheaper meat would be available, said the Premier in closing his introduction to the real object of his attendance— THE POLICY DELIVERANCE. The headings to the policy deliverance were as follow : — NEW WORKS. Jandakot Railway.— Extension to join South-Western line. Narrogin Railway.-^Extcnsion towards Collie, to tap Darkan ; present section, completed in September ; no delay in ex tending. Norseman Railway!— Under ' investiga tion. Promising go'ldficld ; route per manently surveyed three years ago ; tim ber and firewood for mining purposes Plentiful .pn.Iineyi Railwav Bill -passed ' (' .'.'.'?., ' by Assembly some years since ; lost 4n Legislative Council. ? Geographical posi tion responsible for line not receiving .at tention earlier. If reports by officers now engaged - on work favorable, imme diate construction will be recommended. Fremantle Dock. — Relative cost and util ity of graving and floating docks con sidered and dealt with by Enginccrin Chiri and consulting engineer (Jlr. Palm er). 'Both officers agree in recommend ing a floating dock at the outset. Gov ernment proposed to advise Parliament that a graving dock, at Rocky Bay should not be proceeded with at present, but that a floating dock, capable of lifting a vessel of 10^000 tons, be con structed at an estimated cost, including dredging, of £150,000.' Site.— Below railway bridge. Cost of . removal of bridges, deviation of railway, dredging of river, etc., to provide dock, Rocky Bay, would be about £250,000. Construction of graving dock, that site, would cost 'about £500,000. Floating dock would not meet requirements of Fremantle for all time, but interest and sinking-fund saved on the difference of capital cost between the graving dock and the floating dock will be considerable, and ? floating dock will meet reasonable requirements for some years. When more permanent work necessary, floating dock can be re moved to another port on our coast, which 'by then will probably require such provision. Bunbury Harbor.— Government decided against inner harbor. Scheme prepared, plans drawn for outer harbor of large area, with splendid shipping accommoda-: tion. Depth of water available, 27ft. in outer harbor, as against 24ft. in inner. In next financial year the Government propose t seek authority for extension of present mole, and additional accom modation. Estimated cost, £61,000.. Metropolitan Sewerage.— Urgency recog nised by Government, but the Govern ment had been much criticised for alleg ed delay. The expenditure for 1903-4 was £675, and for 1904-5 £4,202 (ten months). Surveys, etc., were necessary before working plans could be prepared, but-these preliminaries had not been push ed on in the past with proper expedition for work of such importance. The work ing plans of Perth and some suburbs are completed, and the department now could in a few days put the work in hand. Sur veys and collection of data proceeding, Fremantle and other portions of metro politan area. Government propose pro ceeding with the work by the department until the data for th8' proportion of working plans for the whole metropolitan area are- available, when an elective wat er and sewerage board, representing the metropolitan area, should be established. Board, on establishment, to ,takc over water supply' and sewerage works, and recoup Government expenditure. Estim ated cost of sewerage of Perth,' North Perth, and Leedcrville, £120,000. Railways.— Government determined. To --pUrsuo'- policy of encouraging ' setV tlement by undertaking construction of lines in districts requ'ring such facilities, awaiting information as to utilisation of electric traction on agri cultural lines. ' Immigration.— Tho Agricultural Com missioner obtained .much useful infor mation regarding various districts and railway service. Other inquiries re garding wants of different districts going on. Until reports of Commis sion aro received Government propose making no definite commencement re specting precise lines first to be con structed. ' Agricultural Railways. — International Railway Conference starting this month\in United States. Mr, Palmer, consulting engineer, representing West ern Australia. He was instructed to specially acquire and report on ? all available particulars regarding light railways used, in America, and supply other information likely to be useful, particularly in providing, on most fav orable terras, from point of view of agriculturists and State alike, railway facilities tending to develop our farm lauds. Goldfidlds Railways. — Apart from Norseman, n line which must shortly bo considered by Parliament is an extension from Mount Magnet to Law lers. The satisfactory development oc curring at Black Range, if continued,, will do . much to expedite the serious consideration of this line. , Land Settlement. — Government en couraging it, but discountenances other than bona-fide selectors ; rapid pro gress made in settlement. In 1904 there were 965,fi23 acres taken up on conditional purchase, free homestead farms, or under Lands Purchase Act. This represents an increase of 189,747 acres over tho previous year. The bulk was secured by men who would use it to the bost advantage. Settlers- from the East.— Steady stream of best- class, lecturer rendered valuable service. : Grazing Leases.— Government with drew temjxnwily. Arrears of work to be reduced. Would ascertain whether ?holders of land acqu'ircd in recent years are fulfilling conditions. namel and ? :Nangnr-nnn Settlements. ?Fertiliser ??provided and lnnd ploughed. -^Total cost of Hamel £300, Nangee nan, £f-00. Government would give a fwr trial to the scheme of its pre decessors. Inspection of Laml Under Selection. —Government wished to see bona fide settlement, and 14 inspectors were re porting on land. Reasonable con cessions would be given to genuine ami struggling selectors by an exten sion of time when necessary, but on 'scores of holdings no conditions had been observed : result— forfeiture. Aborigines.— New Bi{I to be introduc ed with drastic regulations to prevent abuses. A protector would be station ed in the Nor'-Wrst at Broome. .Tax on Unimproved Values. — Ex- emption, £400. Income Tux.-r-Exemption. £200. Municipal Amnviin'- nwl f'on-oi'i lat- ine Bill.— to he introduced. Mines Regulation Bill.— To be intro djiced. ' Companies Act Amendment .Bill.— To be introduced. ? Arbitration Act Amendment Bill.— To be introduced. Consolidatino- Land Bill, including certain Amendments.— To be introduc ed. Referendum Bill re Legislative. Coun oil. — Bill to be introduced' to take ihe feeling of the people as to whether the Legislative Council is wanted. Savines Bonk, Agricultural Bank, Royal Mint.— Measures to .bo dealt with. Immigration. — To be encouraged. Totalisator and Racing Club Profits. —To be i taxed; unregistered clubs to be suppressed. . . - Old Age Pensions. — Federal schomc favored ; failing that local scheme to bu introduced. . . . . . . .Extension of the Braddon Clause.— Desired. Without the book-keeping system. Western Australia would lose £450,000 a year. 