THE POPULATION PROBLEM. | I : I i : ENCOURAGING IMWHGRATI O i I I I Dr. E. Arthur, M-LuA.. of New South ' Waiffi. is-an-eutlngaast wife-regard t« 1 he iotuxkictiou of immigrants into >-l'\v Sooth W-a3es-and Australia generally, liv conversation with a representative of The Boater, he said:—'"I -want to Jtry and stir up interest in State-aided immigration throi^diaut all- the States. "We have started what is called the Immigration League of Anrfraha. in Sydney for the purpose of a-wahenine mterestand bringing pressure Ao \- bear upon die Federal and State authorities-tocacouse-ihem in the matter." —Tie People We Want — "What sort of people do you desire here?"—"Sctdy agricultcrai settlers. . It is ou£-*of tie question to think or inducing any other class of people to come out We are altogether overrun with ip^n tfae-derical profession, and-enen -artisans. —NattonaJity Nofe-an Essential Question.— "Do you prefer anv particular nationaljty?"_'The idea is to loQk for tbem in tlie United Kingdom, bat there is no rca,- son why w should confine our attention to tie old country, and we may seek to cet them in any part of Europe. At the present time half a million Italians leave Balv every year, and 200,000 people ont of Jtnstria-Hunaary. Such people as these would make saoi-fietaers, especially if wiey ureroafctracted to the more tropical parts of Australia. In New Zealand it has been found that Anstrians mate good seMers. We have an Italian colony on the loenmond River, in New South WaJis, lias tamed out a great swwss. I believe the Gennan*»lomste in South Australia are amonjr the mostdesirabie settlers you have. If we could get some of the frugal, industrial Danish or Scandinavian farmers, or those from north Germany, they would prove a great object lesson to our twm people as an example of how to work —New South Wales-Efforts.— As regards New South Wales the T®esent AgentSseneral (Mr.CoEWan) J™ specially to try to obtain desnabte settle^ and he has been fairly BucoeffifuL W* have received notice that be has secured 150 emigrants, all of whom hawe more or less capital. Fifty of them are on tbe way out It is understood that tod "mil be found for ihem on the Myall Creek M- tate. provided that it is i^med undOTthe Compulsory Closer RetOement Resumption Act. Although thrown open for selecUon it was not taken up readily by ttfi in the country. It is thought that immigrants from Entfand will be sailed with the tend, which vanes m price from £3 to £1 10/ per acre. The terms of payment are extended over a long series ol years. .—Smoothing the Way for Newcomers.— These 50 settlers on the way out are going to various agricultural colonies in Ijew South Wales for three months for nothing, so that they may pick up some experience before they eo to their own land. Sir. Uar- IUthere has formed an inteJkeence department. at the bead of which he has placed Mr. H. C. L. Anderson, formerly Rector of Agriculture, and an energetic and ni*™" dateman. The difficulty in NewSouth Wales, as in other States, is to find land for sash people as well as for our own Tridents, and recent revelations in connection with the Lands Commission now sitting in Sydney have proved that a large areaot lind fitted for closer settlement has! been obtained by means of bribery-, and has been locked up for 28 years. It is now proposed that many of these so-called improvement leases shall be cancelled, surveyed, and made suitable for doser settlement. If tbis is done it is thoughttiiat there should be 3,000,000. or 4,000,000 acres for closer settlement m the imme- diate future. At the same toe a nuntfer of private estates are subdivided and ottered to immigrants on easy terms. —Reviving an Old Scheme.— yet Mr. Carruthers has instructed the Agent-General to accept only immigrants •who have a certain amount of capital; bat I believe that, as it is so necessary to have practical agnoiitural labourers, and as Mr. „Cogb- Jan has informed the Premier of New South Wales that a number of practical men without much capital would be glad to go out ail attempt will be made to return to the system of assisted passages, •which has been done in New Zealand tor come years past, and as is the case now in Western Australia. I understand that Mr. Carruthers is about to place a sma~l sum on lie Estimates this year for that •purpose: Mr. Aehton, the Minister for iAnds. has taken energetic steps to ascertain what area of Grown lands is available for closer settlement. It was generally understood that there was none, but a few months, ago he went on a voyage of discovery along one of our northern rivers, and one of the consequences of this has been to throw open the Don Dorrigo country—a level plateau, 200,000 acres of -which is supposed to contain some of the finest land in the State. Various other areas are being surveyed, and it is thought that in a short time not only will there be plenty of land available to meet the local demand, .but to provide accommodation for a large" number of immigrants. —Silly Practices.— 'At the present time a sillv system is being carried oot, by which the States are really pilfering from one another. For instance, Western Australia has agents in the east trying to induce settlers to leave their present homes and go to Western Australia, and the Queensland^ Government has lately opened an office in Sydney for the same purpose. Money spent in this way could be laid out much better in Europe in trying to induce people to come to Australia." 