SUMMARY. It is reported in Toltio that Generals Nogt antl Nodzu havo resigned their positions in the Ja- paness Army. Marshal Yamngata states that, had tho war continued, tho loss in 1Kb and treasure would not have been compensated for by results. It was absolutely certain, ho adds, that Harbin could have been captured. No apprehension on that scoro had tho slightest influence in tha peace negotiations. During the anti-peace riot3 in Tokto, tho cooltc class destroyed 30 electric cara. Tho destruction ot Christian churches waff duo to tho indiscretion of members of tho Sal vation Army in publicly denouncing tho nntt- peaco movement in tho streets. Baron Komura, tho Janniieso ncaco plenipo- tentiary, lias been taken suddenly 111 with au intestinal complaint. Ilis doctor kopu3 that ail operation will bo unnecessary. Tho Tartars at Baku show n fanatical con- tempt of death, and outmatch tho troops. Con flicts havo been renewed, and unmcntionabla barbarities committed. Advices from Tillis stale that. 4000 armed Kurds from tho Persian bank of the Arns Riven | have joined the Tartar rising in the Znugezurst) district. Many Armenian villages havo been destroyed, and hundreds of people killed. Tho Russian Viceroy lias made urgent representations to tli< Persian authorities. After tho Armenian massacres In Constant!' noplo 30,000 starving Armenians entered til Caucasus, ousting tho Tartars from employment, Mr. Urquhart, the British Vice-Consul at Baku, the centre of Ihe Tartar revolt, with a, small escort of cavalry, rode the gauntlot, and rescued four Britishers at Balakhany. Mr. Nobel, the chief oil owner nt Baku, states that the catastrophe Is the outcome of a poli tical labor war. j The men's organisation told the masters: "It j you want on. you must seeuro reiormsr rna masters repeatedly, but vainly, urged the Gov ernment to lieetl the cry. In the opinion of Mr. Balfour, tho problem of Indian defence cannot be solved by conscrip tion. His Government would never bo respon sible for so wild an experiment. He eulogised the attempts to diplomatically, ensure tlic maintenance of peace in the Far ' Mast, but Britain's right must depend iu tho long run on Britain's might. According to the Irish Chief Secretary, by tin year 1!I07 £23,000,000 worth of stock will hav« been issued for the purposes of tho Irish Lan<i Purchase Act of 1003. The Italian death-roll, as the result of tha earthquake, is increasing hourly. Thero are 300 dead at Pnrgheli. 200 at Joppio, and 2000 dead ! and injured at Martirano. The terror-stricken peasants rofuso' to roturfl to their houses, nr.d are sleeping in tho Holds, I' the railway stations, and carriages. It is feared that in u 11 2000 people. havo been killed. The Italian Government is dovoting : £10,000 for the benefit ot the sufferers. | Much loss of life and damage lias boen done I by two explosions at tlio Hand Powder Works, ; Unionstown, Pennsylvania (U.S.A.). j Uneasiness is felt in Norway owing to the ! increasing demands of the Swedish press, and I the assombling of 70.000 Swedish troops, while Norway has only 3000 on tho frontier. The Customs ofileials have discovered 6G0 car bines, of Swedish manufacture, and 120,000 cart ridges on a barren island, near Komi, la tho Gult of Bothnia. Tho Hanlcy Labor Congress has approved, by, a large majority, of a system of State insurance, and compensation to workmen for accidents and injuries. j The 12 kilometres swimming raeo at Paris was I won by Paulus,- Burgess. Holboin, and MISS . I Annette jvoiierrnanii, 01 Auuiiauuj «ciub uv,'v' Billington was seized with cramp. J A sensational murder case was reported from' I Quambone, near Coonamble, yesterday. A selec tor named George Lorie killed Patrick Vccch, ail old und respected grazier. Lorie had been committed for trial on charges et attempting to shoot a woman with whomjia had boon living, and of stealing a bullook, The property of Voech. Wlion released he went toan hotel and wounded a man named David Harris. Ho afterwards went to Q'iilbono station and killed Vooch. Charles Scammell, tho constable In cbargo of the Sandringham (Vic.) police station, murdered his wife and three children on Sunday night. The victims' heads were smashed with a stick as they lay in bed. Tho murderer aftcrwarda shot himself. Scammell was a man of melancholy tempera ment. Ho had been worrying himself because of a reprimand recently administered to him hSj tho local Coroner. The State Budget Speech will bo delivered in tho Legislative Assembly to-night by tho Stato Treasurer, Mr. Carruthers. , During his trip to Japan Sir John Sco will make inquiries with a view to reporting to tho Government as to tlio best means of extending trade with tho East. It lias been decided to closo down a portion of the Stockton mine, owing to thero being only 80 feet of solid strata between the drive and tho sea. Tho men withdrawn will be given employment In other parts of the mine. Tho Geologist estimates that the output of the mlaa will bo diminished by about half. Two bodies, believed to havo been washed ashore from the wrecked schooner Jones Brothers, have been found near Morna Foint, 2Q miles from Newcastle. At tho opening of a new rifle range at NelsoiJ (N.Z.), a marker named Charles Mills was shof dead whilo walking towards a target. The Victorian Government has decided to in troduce legislation for settling deserving persons on the land, based upon tho Danish system. - At a meeting of Melbourno millers yesterday, it was decided to raiso the price o£ flour to al range of from £8 to £8 5s for bakers' lots. Mr Carruthers has received a letter from Mr, Deakin which, ho says, offers a satisfactory, method' of referring tlio capital question to tha High Court. At tho North Melbourno Court yesterday tli'd magistrate said be had been informed that there was a number of the Senate, whoso parent was drawing an old-age pension. Such a tiling, ho addod, was a scandal and S. national disgrace. In tho Banco Court yesterday, an action waa commenced against tho Crown for £2000 dam ages for alleged breach ot conditions In roa- pect'ot an improvement leaso in tho Narrabri district. The Minister for Lands had an action next on tho list against tho plaintiff for the recovery of the second year's rent of tho lease. It was agreed to take the two cases together. . Mr. Dcalcln say3 he is full of admiration of the resources displayed by Canada in advertis ing her country. Mr. Reld agrees with Br. Fitchott that tha six hatters incident cost Australia more than £0,000,000. The leader ot the Federal Opposition calls upon Mr. Deakin to at once Introduce a bill to Improve the obnoxious contract clauso in tho Immigration Restriction Bill. Judge Mansfield, of Queensland, died sudden ly In Brisbane yesterday morning. Ho was EC years of age. Shortly before midnight on Saturday Patrick" M'Elhone, who had been employed at the Dubbo goods shed for 25 years, was overtaken by. f train and killed. The A.J.C. spring meeting was continued yes terday In glorious weather. New Zealand horses won every race of the day. Maniopoto created a surprise by winning tho Metropolitan. TVarroo filled second place, and Famous third place. Machine Gun won The Shorts i Isolt, Spring Maiden Stakes; Sultana, the Steeplechase; Suit God, New . Stakes; and Nightfall, Squatters' Handicap. Stormy conditions are again threatening. 'A violent disturbance to the west of Tasmania is expected to affect tho south coast of New South Wales to-day. During tho 48 hours ended 9 a.m. yesterday, rain was practically general over the southern half of the State, and at scattered places along the northern tableland. The A. and A. liner Sonoma left for San Francisco, via ports, yoBtorday. Tho P.- and 0. R.M.S. India is expected hero on Thursday. Sho called at Melbourne yestor- day. . . . The F.M.S. Paclflquo, which put Into Brlahano \ on Sunday, short o£ coal, is duo hero to-mor- row. V ... - j 