SUMMARY OF NEWS. In the Legislative Council yesterday,- The Methodist Church Enabling Bill was read a first time. The Marsupial Boards Bill was read a third time and returned to the Assembly. The Infant life Protection Bill was passed through Committee, and the third reading fixed for Tuesday next. The House adjourned at 5.16 p.m. until Tuesday. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, The Lands Act Amendment Bill (recom- mitted) was dealt with in Committee, and the third reading fixed for to-day. The Marsupial Boards Bill was received from the Legislative Council with amend- ments, which were ordered to be taken into consideration to-day. The Legislative Council's amendments in the Shearers and Sugar Workers' Accom- modation Bill were considered in Commit- tee, reported, and ordered to be returned to the Council in the usual way. The House adjourned at 10.51 pam. until to-day. One or two light showers of rain fell in Brisbane yesterday, and slight falls are recorded from some country centres. The Premier of Victoria has convened a meeting of State Premiers to discuss Gene- ral Booth's immigration scheme. The visiting farmers from New South Wales and Victoria, who were accom- panied to Queensland by Mr. Pulsford, Government agent in New South Wales, had a long interview with the Minister for Lands yesterday. The second annual exhibition of the New Society of Artists was formally opened yesterday by the Attorney-General. An exhibition of Australian products will be held in Sydney in December, under the auspices of the Australian Natives' Asso- ciation, and it promises to be very suc- cessful. At the Criminal Sittings of the Circuit Count in Toowoomba yesterday, James Ryan was found guilty of the wilful mur- der of Walter George Benton, at Pine- lands, Crow's Nest. The jury added a re- commendation to mercy. Sentence of death was pronounced. Certain points of law were reserved for the Full Court. The patrol parties have made some fur- ther discoveries in connection with the boating disaster at Southport, but there is very little hope of finding any of the bodies. Six schooners and 103 luggers connected with the pearling fleet, with about 480 men, have now left Thursday Island for the Am Islands, and the loss to Thursday Island is likely ito jrrovo serious. The initial meeting of the new War- wick Turf Club iras opened yesterday, and ?was a frrcat success. In the Federal Senate yesterday, the Copyright Bill was passed through Com- mittee with She exception of postponed clauses. The second reading of the Representa- tion Bill was moved, and the debate ad- journed. Tn the House of Representatives, Air. Reid moved the adjournment of the House to call attention to-a. recent speech of Sir W. Lyne expressing different views to those of his colleagues on the subject of immigration. After replies by Sir W. Lyne and Mr. Deakin the motion was for- mally negatived. The debate on the ratification of tiho Orient mail contract showed the Federal Government axe adverse to the claims of Queensland that the extension to Bris- bane should be regarded as a paît of the Commonwealth responsibility. Mr. Morgan, interviewed last night, combated the views advanced by the Post- master-General, and indicated that in the event of nn adverse decision an appeal to the JTigli Couit will probably be made on Queensland's behalf. Murgoo station, ,on the Sandford River, in the Murchison 'district, Western Aus- tralia, has been Bold for £23,200. The Bishop of London, «peaking at the Church Congress, eulogised the large- hearted toleration of the Church, but said there must be a distinct line beyond w-bich toleration must cease. The Chicago police are searching the pawnshops for jewels valued at £200.000, including an ancient Irish crown, wliich were stolen from ¡Mr. John Mulhall's resi- dence in Dublin during; a-call by ttvo men known to the police. .'""'? King Edward declined to receive a depu- tation from the unemployed of Shoreditch, on the «ground that it would be contrary, to precedent. ' .->. At the Dairy Show.iifl'Iiondan there is an excellent display of Australian butteis, which is attracting much attention. Turkey has declined to recognise the Commission appointed by the Powers for the financial control of (Macedonia, . The exports from Hamburg to China, which amounted to £1,000,000 m 1898. now total over £2,500,000, and it is claimed that half the imports into the Yang- tse Valley arc German. The steamer Cantabria, plying among the Philippine Islands, foundered during a storm, and ninety-seven of the officers and crew and seventeen passengers were drowned. Prince Von Buelow, in an interview-, ex- pressed a irish for the friendship of France, and said it would be a glorious day when Germans and Frenchmen no longer re- garded each other as traditional enemies. The men on strike in Berlin attempted to stop the running of the trams, but were dispersed bj- the police with drawn swords, nobody being injured. Numbers of provincial engine hands and 6tokers are now working in Berlin under police protection. ' The Danish Government lias submitted to the Rigsdag a bill creating a State Mort- gage Bank. The Berlin newspapers give prominence to reports of a startUng conspiracy organ- ised by tlie Boer settlers in German South- west Africa to raid the colony, steal all the horses and cattle, and then j°in the insurgent natives in expelling the Germans. 'A gang of Chinamen attacked an iso- lated Jewish store at Klipfontein, in the Transvaal, and killed one white man and injured three others. The Crar has issued a ukase ordering arrangements to be made for the elections to the National Duma. General Trepoff lhas informed Mr. W. T. Stead that Ins policy includes the exten- sion of peasants' holdings, the grant of credits for the purchase of implements and stock, and universal compulsory primary education. .Reuter's correspondent stales that the Paris bankers are considering the simul- taneous issue in France, Great Britain, Germanv, the United States, and Holland, of a Russian loan of £72,000,000, half of which is to be reserved for the French 'market. The Indian PrcS3 and public have re- ceived the Anglo-Japanese alliance quietly but favourably, though the army resents the,implication that it is unable to defend India alone. The St. Petersburg " Novoe Vremya," in an apparently inspired article, suggests that nil the Powers interested in ifhe Far East should subscribe to the provisions of the Anglo-Japanese treaty with respect to tlie maintenance of the status quo in China, while the affaira of Central Asia should become the subject of mutual guar- antee between Great Britain and Russia. Russia is endeavouring to charter a Liverpool steamer to convey 380 Japanese prisoners of war to Japan, and it is be- lieved that tlhese represent all the prisoners captured who were conveyed to Europe. Special cable slripmenit Ayre's Cham- pionship Tennis Balls just opened. Pike Brothers, Limited* 