LOCAL' AND' GENERAL, Maitland Rifle Club ? — Attention is directed to an advertisement in Mother column notifying members of the Maitland Hifle Club that the East Maitland rifle range has been secured for a practicc on Thurs day, the Ilth instant. Shooting will start at \- p.m. jJieobeying a Summon*. — William Collins, who failed to apfoar at tho West Maitland polico court yesterday in answer to a summons charging him I liini with b?ins? drunk and disorderly in High-street I on August 18, and for whose i-rrest a warrant was fl-florod to iasue, was brought up this morning before Mr. T. ,T. Eiboo, J.P. Collins, who had been arresti'dl by benior-conetable Dolman, wna remanded til Monday next. The FViierul Capital.— Mr. CarruthorB stnted yer tordaythat hi hid recf-ived a proposal from the Prime Minister respecting tho method to bo adopted in tiling in the Liit? ti Court the question as to whether tho Dilgety Federal Capital site wm legally selected by the Federal Parliament. Tho j pt'opnsid has hnpn submitted to the consideration of fhe Atnirney-UenPral, heuiiusa ot certain logal points involved. The Premier expressed the opinion that the steps now being taken will lend to a speedy decision being given by tho High Oonrt. ?St. Paul'u Organ Recital.— The organ reeitnl arranged by the organist of St. Paul's (Mr. A. Brad shaw). and which is to be given in the church to morrow (Wednesday) evening, promises to provide a rich musical treat. The programme will be found in our advertising columns. There are 12 numbers —four being instrumental (including a clariouette solo by Mr. F. Fitness), the ohoir will render three anthems, while the remaining numbers will be con tributed by Missoa Tig he, Scott, and Walsh, Messrs, Noble, Ponlton, and Edmondson. Altogether the programme is of a very attractive nature, and should command a large attendance. During the interval there will bo a collection in aid or the choir fund. Croren Lands Reserved from Sale or Lease.— In n supplementary ' Government Gnzotte' issued on' the 9th insiant, the undermentioned traots ot.lafid are notified as having been reserved froui ssi$ or lease, and set apart for the publio purposesindi cated : — About 6 acres, parish of Wicktam, county of Brisbane, land district of Mus/rellbrook, froin.salii for access ; 3500 acres, parish of Toniaihi, county of JJawes, land district or Scone, from i sale for mining purposes; 50 acres, parish of Wich bam, county of Brisbane, land distriot of Muswell brook, from sale, for travelling stock ; 230 acres, parish of Omadale, county of Durham, land diet-no of Scone, from sale for travailing stock and camu ing; 2 acres, parish of Blnffland, county of dive, land district of Tenterfield, for travelling sfcoek and camping; 2150 and 6400 acres respectively, parishes of Krawarree, Hilloonbah and King's Plains, connty of Arrawntta, land district of Inverull, for preserva tion aud growth of timbor. ! Prohibitinnists Active.— The prohibitionists are showing their hostility to some of the provisions of Liquor Bill by holding public meetings and carryine ad versa rcsoln'ions. They want the ' no license' question to be determined by simple majority vote* tho questions submitted to the electors to be also determined by nmjority, irreBpactive of the number of votes recorded ; and the right of veto to be'nppli. cable to all forms of liquor-selling licenses. Thus wine, club, grocery, and brewery licenses, as well would nil bo prohibited, and,. finally, they declare that the provifion for giving three years' time com ponsation. after a poll haB been declared effective, in addition to an all-round time notice before a vote is taken, should be eliminated. The prohibitionists are preparing a petition, which they intend to pre sent to Parliament, embodying tho«e views, and i praying for the amendment of the bill accordingly. Wallis Creek Floodgiitcn.— Mr. Arthur Keevers the contractor for the erection of tho noiv floodgates at Wallis Creek, has almosc complete,) the work. but a delay has occurred in consequence of his in ability to secure certain itonwortr, provided for in an alteration in tho design of t he top pnrfc of the gates, which has just, been, decided on bv th-- Works DfipArtmotiK VVbsn fcbi? ntwiflsstry ironwork is available Mr. Keevers anticipates to ne able to coni plote his contract in a couple of dayp. The gstes are of a masMvo nnd serviceable character, and should stand for a nnmber of ypnrn. When t hey are finished the farmers at L-mtb Park snd loculity will foel much more secure in ease of « ramd riee in the river. V ? ' _ Eight- Hours Jubilee.— The celohratiion of Eight, Hoots Day this year (to t.nke place en OctoWr 2) w|ll commemorate the jubilee of tho intr.-.duol.i-n of he eicht hours pystem in New South W»lo», eiifht liou-s as h. d;i.v's work having liwn offibinlly reong- | nised in the erection of Trinity Churoti, Argyle Cut, I ?Millers Point, in tho year 1856. 'The workers then ' ?o recognised were stonemasons, and for this reason itilniH bw-n decided to give the S ton emu con. s' Society ho pride of plsco in thn procession. This society cebi.. i.rnted ltd jubilee a few .Tens ago.'buton thiespecinl oecanon the eld banner— tho first that did duty in .New South Wales in recognition of Li hour's -jmnn- oipntion 48 years ago— will bo displayed alongMrto the new one, which was unfnrled Bomo time before tha last proe/ssion. Thiasociebv Hlso propesos (with tho consent of the Works Department) to obtain two »-ono? of r ? Onthin design from th» Official Lihrat v 't the University, and to have th' olde«t and ( he I youtigeBfc represeniativos of the union in tho nro .u^mu n. . . . ^ The. Plenary C-^unril.— Ths following reptv hup bceu received by Cirdjnil Moran M Ui^ 4,,e. pntohed by the Plenary Con noil to Phi n Pum X ? — ' From his Holiness the Pope. Onr Hoi v Fat her thn Pope gladly imparts his- np 'atollo bHn.'rf,-Hon to the proceedings of, the connoil. to the prelntia then' solves, to the olerey, and to th air faithful people ' To, the oable oongrntulafcmg the President of tho UDitnd^ States on the- proclamat Jon of penee, Presi dont, neosevelt replied as follows The Presid-nt I ? =..iMin uuivra nrares expresses cordial appreoiitieti of the congratulations of tho Catholic Bishops of the Anstrs inn Commonwealth.' Tho closo of the Coiinoil has hoon followed by thp isane to the olorov and laity of the Common wealth ofs pastoral letter, in which satisfaction is expro^ed nt tho growth of the Church during tho 10 years that Ji'ivo elapsed i amco the sre^nd PJennry Council wnt ImlJ, - Thj- 1 latter states that the period has been one of , quiet I growth and contoliditlon.ruther than of that pioneer ' missionary crpansion which was di't-fnetivo of I oarlier periods of tho church's hiFtory. Tho Catholic population (in AustralnHin) has grown fosomethinr lmiUion 0.011.550); the ol'-icy numbor over 1JOO, tho tunohiriR brothers over (!00. tho nuns ovor OCOO. I ho Chnrch nmint iius 3a cnllepos Tor bov« and ICO boarding schools for girls, 215 superior day schools, 1087 primary schools, 04 charitablo institu tions, nnd tho children in Catholic schools numhar over 1ST, 000. 'umner Australian Visitor.— Wo have, received th« Ki'ldeinher number of this journal for tho home, n two-penny -'l-pnco monthlv, with a iroojl variety of lutoresting matter 'for home reading, including u number or competitions for young folk, , and general pn'/.ecompotitloliai Tlio entries for 'the Theoretical Kxamina t.ious, Trinity College, London, close on .Saturday next, lfit.h instant. I-V T. Hall , Secretary, Poulton's Buildings. 4183 The Keith Kennedy Concert Company. — We may remind our readers that the Keith Ken nedy Concert Company and Biograph will appear at the Town 1-lall this evening. The company comprises some .first-class vocalists and instrumentalists, and the biograph of pictures of the Russo-Japanese war, comic scenes, etc., make up on excellent and at tractive programme. The gas generator will be placet! outside the hall. Prohibition in America.— If yo'f v,\vh to know the present political slren^'h of prohi bition, take a map of ti'J United States, punc ture 'it with ubout forty-five hundred pin holes, spatter it with four hundred blots of ink, and decorate it with three blue rtbbons. Then you may know that for every pin-hole there 'is a town or city in which no liquor is sold, for every blot there is a prohibition county, ami for every blue ribbon then; is a prohibition State. Benefit to Mr. Joseph Berthold. — For some months past Mr. Joseph Berthold, who is well known and highly respected throughout the district, has been practically at death's door owing to an internal complaint, and in order to lend a helping hand where it is sadly needed it lias been arranged to conduot a so cial in his aid at the School of Arts to-morrow evening, when excellent music will be provided and other complete arrangements rule. Mr. Berthold has a wife and young family depen dent upon him, and tho object of the social is a very deserving one. The Singleton Show. — The thirty-seventh annual show of tho Northern Agricultural As sociation will be opened 'at Singleton to morrow,. when, despite the adversity of the season, an interesting exhibition will be wit nessed, among other things, of show stock and the products and manufactures of the dis trict. The usual speciul train arrangements haw been made for the convenience of the public. Thursday has been proclaimed a pub lic holiday throughout the district, and the principal stores in the various towns v.ill be closed in observance or this popular annual holiday. ' The Citizen.— The second number of that ex- ' eellent monthly publication, 'The Citizen,' published in the interests of good citizenship, is to 'hand. It is reported that the first i number received very general and widespread approval. Mr. Aithur Rue discourses on 'Socialism and the Individual.' from th-j Socialist's standpoint, in r-'ply to Mr. Joseph ( Cook, M.H.R., on the other side ; and Mr. J'. 15\. Finlny writes hopefully on 'The Prospects , of the No-License Party in Now Zealand.' i The editorials are devoted to the subjects of c Uie iuunicipaiizeu liaby, and netting anu Gambling.' An article by Senator A. J. Hoveridge is published on un American view of 'The Full Meaning of Citizenship,' in which the evils resulting from the abstention j from politics by those who ought to bo good citizens is set fortli. A New South Wales ' graduate writes on 'Clean Sport in Austra lia.' ITe deals very trenchantly with the corruption . of sport in America, and assorts that commercialism, always the paramount characteristic of American politics and society, is degrading and prostituting every form of sport. He declares that the great evils that have spoiled American athletics have not ta ken possession of the football 'field in Austra lia, but that they need to be guarded against. Speaking of football, he says that no gamo requires a greater degree of physical iitness, and therefore none, offers a stronger induce ment to clean living atid vigorous self-control. Tho Weather. — During the past few days the weather has been of an extremely dis agreeable character owing to tho prevalence of boisterous winds, principally from the westward. These have had a very diying effect, and at the present time the district is sadly in want of a beneficial fall of moisture, which would be welcomed with de light by fanners and pastoralists, who . are beginning to feel _tho seriousness of the situ- ? uuoii, especially in view oi tlio nearness of summer.- Although the westerly wind con tinued to-day, it Tiad lulled somewhat, and the temperature was higher than usual ; in fact, it was like a summer's day, with the result that in the afternoon a. change work ed up, giving every appearance of rain at a later period. Clearing Wallis Creek. — Consequent on the collapse of the Wallis Creek floodgates about 14 months ago, a large hole was scooped out of tlio bed of the creek, nnd the material,! together with a quantity of stonework from under one end of the Victoria Bridge, was washed a few yards down stream, where it lodged and formed an obstruction in the stream at low water. Acting on tho re quest of the West. Maitland Borough Coun fil, John Gillies, M.L.A., approached the .Department of Works, and asked per mission for the council to clear the bed 'of the creek before Mr. ICeevors removed the two dams, which were erected to enable him to swing tho floodgates. Sanction having been given, the council has now placed four men on the work, which is being rapidly pushed ahead. A considerable quantity of stone and earth, together with portions of the old floodgates, are to bo removed. Federal Band Contest Fund. — A meeting of ladies was held in tho' Mayor's RoOm, Iown Hall, this afternoon, for tho purpose of devising means with the view of raising funds to enable tho Federal Bund — ? : — veuuuuniuiiu, iu lane port in tho band contests. Alderman W. J. Lnright presided in the absence of tho Ma yor (Alderman M'Lnuchlln), who tendered an apology. The following ladies wore pre sent Hut Mayoress (Mrs, M'Lauchlin), Mesdamus T. A„ Hill, R. St. Vincent Hayes . Williams . and Morris, Misses Gillies '(2), i Lauchlin, Callaghan (2), Ferris, and Mor ris. Messrs. W. A. Terry and F. Fitness, bandmaster, were also present. Apologies were received from Mesdmnes Birkenhead, Cracknel), L. Cameron, W. A. Terry, E. Nash, Misses Cracknoll, and C. Clarke. 'An apology was received from Mr. E; C. Ar nold, lion, secretary pro tern. After tho chainnan had explained tlio object of .the meeting, Mrs. Ileyes moved,— 'That a ba zaar ho held for tho purpose of raising funds to enable (lie i'ederal Bond to proceed to Qympio, Queensland, to take part in . : tho band contests, and, that those present form themselves into a commiltoo with power to ... ,to their number, _ for the purposo of i t ], ? iiusN jvi j-iauciuin seconded the motion, _ which was carried. Misses Callnglian and M. Gillies were ap pointed lion. secretaries; ami Mrs. Heves treasurer. Tho Mayoress was . olectod 'as mosidont, and she then .took the chair. On tho motion of Miss Gillies, seconded bv Mrs VVIlliams, it was decided to hold a bazaar on N ovomhor 2Hrd, 24lh. and ilfitli next. ] It was agreed that the hnv.nnr im imi,i utniio ? crm0' -of'i-ArtH, and to have five U10 Rtn1i» wore named us follows: 1\. Iain, ianc.y, Gentlo'men's, ? Sweets, . and Mowprs, also a Fish Pond. Liulios wero nppomtod to take charge of the various stalls and tlio meeting t.ertninaf ed. ^Maitland Poultry, Pigeon, Canary, nnd l)og Club.— Mr. D, L, B. Glasheen iiillmntos by yor t J fsamunt ?. oIkowIi oro Ux Ihiu i^ne tlmt. if itho pj izo inonoy won nt-iJio clult'fl pIiow is not. called for within J1 days, it. will bo forfeited and retained by fliu e!ul). Our Supplement. — The ? fcupplcmont to ih'is | evening s ?? issue contain* :--Po«!(.rv, ? 'The liaby ; continuation of the inicWf inT sei-Ml tale, 'An InherHird Feud'!; M ifipiminrv Kxlil b't ion ij Muswollbrooli Letter ; pn,iTrPqo Cominltlenij.'RuUM and. Kiiithets ; TCews or tho Distr ct-])enma' ; Morpeth Cnim.-J) ? Tragedy n Aiotoiiai; Xioulburn Mai'ltelM j I^ownaatle Shipping !? A Cluvcr JluBsinn Lawynr i; ''tnldcel luneous articles),* -advertisements, etc. Mr, 'Uoakin siiys he |H full -of nilmlrntlon of ths imimr0'''' h'v in iidvortlMlns lj .ludjrw Jlmisflnld, or QuAonalaiw?, died, wnldohly' I' Ilrlsbuno vowleri nv : m,, .,.!,,.. if.' ....... .5.1 . _ s- ? V ? ? MiM,,,' J'JII WUU UU' yt»nrn of ago. At tho opimlnff. off u now. rillr mivrf ' .n't 'Nolnnri a nftnwl (^liarlfs .'MIIIb wuh ? nhoL' (lOftil, whllO; wiilkliiff .inwnrds it (nr^'l.- ?'????' 1 1)5V tho,'chtnp cxciiralon IimIiim Insi ,wee«' flVOn persona . cmue from tlio creultrv- to ' Wvdnev-' ' Tho t I'ninti f^oiu Sydney cnrilHl ,11)72 pr,xiVn«eVa.! . \ The Victorian Covcnmient has decided to in troduce legislation for settling deserving persons on tho laid, liased upon tho .Danish system. 'At a. meeting of the . Melbourne millers yester day it was decided to raise the price of flour taj 'a range of. from £8 to £8 On /or bukers'lots. At the inquiry into the fire which destroyed Mr. C. Dorrough's sawmill, Lisuwrc, un open finding w«s recorded. Tho mifl hud run for over 20 years. -.'During his trip to Japan Sir John See will make inquiries with a view to reporting to the Government ub to tho best men|ig of extending trade with the 12u»t. During the 12 months ended March .'51 there were 10,442 uiortBuges registered in New Zea land, involving Aill.,00U,51^. The rates of in terest ranged from 2i to -10 por cent. Senator J. . Neild has been seriously ill for t-be past few days, and liis condition is causing his. friends the gravest anxiety. Judge Ileydoil was sufficiently recovered to re sume his seat in the Arbitration Court 011 Mon day, when the hearing of the Wharf Labourers' dispute was continued. A little boy, aged three years and three months, son of Mr. Kichunl lilinman, landlord of the Iloyu) Hotel, Thobarton, South Australia, accidenUiHv handed himself in a swing on Sun day. When discovered .J-e was dead. At the Hiehmond Police Court, Jajues O. 11 'Kay was committed for trial on a charge of appropriating funds belonging (o a local art union, promoted for the bcneliL of a dying man I and Uhi relief 'of his family. ? At the North Melbourne Court the magistrate said he had been informed that there was a mem ber of the Senate, whose parent was drawing an old-ng-e pension. Such a tiling , he added, %vus a. scandal and a national disgrace. Mr. Hpid agrees with Dr. Fitchett thai the six hatters -incident cost Australia more than six millions. The leader of tho Federal Opposition calls upon Mr. Dentin to at once introduce a bill to improve the obnoxious contract clause in tlio Immigration ICestric-tion Hill. ' Mr. Wade does not think that legislation is necessary to enable worn-en to be admit In! to tho leg-al profession. Tin- Women's Progressive Asso ciation recently urged liini to bring in a bill dealing with the subject, but he lias pointed out that the. mailer is really oil,., that depends on the practice and rules of the Supremo Oourt An action for £5000 damages wtis brought in the Supreme Court, IWe-Jbouriu-, by (Onirics Payne, a dairyman, against Hernnrd Hcynolds, civil en gineer. The parties went for a drive together, and it wus alleged |.y plaintilt that the horses bolted and threw him out of the trap, cuusiiig serious injury, owing to defendant undoing the throat- Strap so that, the wink-rs fell oil tlu horse. Defendant, denit.-d doing so, and .Mi'. Jus tice Hood said thi-1. while Payne deserved sniy pathy, his evidence was uncorroborated. A ver dict was retuned lor the defendant. j With reference to tile discovery of a bag con- i tabling 050 sovereigns on the roadside at Gore Hill, Sydney, it has transpired that the tram ' ;onductor, William J , JHII, wns not actually the 1 inder. Chlirles Tyler, a. pitman, employed at 1 the North Sydney Power-house, first noticed the haf;. which was wet., as if it had been there all night. He stood guard over it until the tram came along, and, having signalled the driver to stop, acquainted the conductor of the find. Hill then took charge of the bag, and handed it over to the police. An exhibition (if Australian manufactures and products will be held in Sydney, under the aus pices - of the Australian Natives Association, in December. Considerable space has been applied for, and it, is expected that the exhibition will be the largest held in Sydney since tho Garden Pal ace Exhibition, 2ti year's ago. Tho various Go vernment departments will contribute exhibits. O11 Monday a deputation waited on Mr. Moore, tho Minister of Alines and Agriculture, ; to ask his co-operation. The Minister gavo a sympa thetic reply, but pointed out that tho season of the year would I;,, about the very worst for agn cultural exhibits. Bis department could, how, over, be represented by „ very interesting museum tirtd display of mineral and timber specimens, nnd similar products. At the same time, he asked to bo supplied with further information as to what wus likely to be required. The Chief Justice and a jury 'entered on Monday heari 'g of an action in which George Itooert Jul ward Ferguson sued James Jjeslio Wil Uiuna. as -nominal defendanti for the Government, to recover £2000 for alleged breach of agreement. .!? tho case, plaintiff's counsel stated that Ferguson was endeavouring to take up the land in question by way of improvement lease, bub ho was unable to get possession of it. owing to c/io iact tiiat it was not surveyed or .marked out. Ihe ljuid was in tho middle of. what ho might call hostile -holdings, and the plaintiff was unable to get p-OKHosnio 11 of it. In these circumstances he askeU for a return of iiij-ll, which he had paid, and for damage sufTered by him in not having use and occupation. On the other hand, tho Crown alleged that it, did not. sell the lease on the terms Stated, and sued to recover jjflso, owhich it'einim ed to be duo for the second year's rant. To this J' erguson pleaded that, before tho second year's rout, became due, tho Crown forfeited tho 'lease. Jt was agreed that tho two actions should be heard together. Tlio cases had not concluded when tho court ndinnri toil At an inquest in Sydney concerning the death of Henry Saunders, a storeiiian, w;hoso bodv was found yesterday at tho foot of a ladder in tho premises of tho Metropolitan I,ime nnd Cement Company, Sussex-street, Selwyn Hall Curlowls stated that Sauml-ern 'was .the principal witness in a cement-stealing case, and -ho'liad told witness that he had been threatened by two men in Sus sex- street. 1 hut had upset him, and made him drink more than ho usually did, William Grono 1 -- nr°lU«0v ° '')*] kno''n Saunders for the last ininrrti yoars, said ho met him accidentally 011 f'' *1, nifht' between ll.no and midnight, and they went to tho store together. \They talked about the cement caso. At 8.-15 yesterday mor ning ho got up, and saw Saunders at the foot of wn°« dBnl'' tt4 nl®ost standing on his head. He turned. ver-li-=t of accidental death was ro A careful search lias been mado through the papers of Constable Scammell, who murdered his wife and three i children and then committed sul U10 J , ?? }° reVPnl »n.V likely lnotivo tor rtnnuS rl' ? Htirmlsod thnt'liis mind sud tbnt tlw, appearances tend to show mIo oSS aftalr wus certainly ' not premeditated. niuiell Is id to have been an excellent housewife, ,tltd (lie stato of. the place strongly ordnr r i filntL''ncnt. ..It . was iii beautiful order, and there was nothing to suggest that tlu. nbl). 'ni''? -il'K hui ' luif'l'-V and comfort ° ? V,.' Il,e, bedrooms were liberally decorate'.! | ''d '' u'alls of the parents' room wT&V; 'n , .?.,., uml, of t''' dead man-was one which road: Tlio gift of God is otemal life.' un the opposite wall wero other**, rondinc 'I-/01 I am :w,th you ahvay,' nnd 'Pe kindly afTection ato 0110 to anothef.' 