NEWS IN BRIEF Brisei- Extended cle;sed up for 12 tons etcwt. Wealher at Queenstown continues wet and cold. Launceston show pictures iu thil "Courier." Silver is quoted at 2s 4 3-Sd per, oz. standard. Debating Society at Derby is having a successful session. Prince Von Bulow expressd a wish for France's friendship. IBy IL lire at South Brisbane five per-. sons lost their lives. Ilaisuli, capturing three Algerians, holds them for ransom. Lead market is excited, at £14 10s, an advance of is per ton. The s. Coogeo from Melbourne yester day landed 58 passenge-e. A ukuse orders arrangelnents for the Russian National Dunma's elections. Mount Lyells were quoted in LJondon on Tuesday at buyer 28s, seller 29s, Cavulty and infantry suppressed fresh disturbances in the streets of Brunn. Arly in India resents the implicatipn that" it cannot defend the country alone. Tasmanian Consols battery has crush ed 150 tons of quartz for 100oz. of amal gam. SA sensationan plot is said to have been discovered in German Soubh-W}'es Africa. Native opinion in India as to the Aliglo-Japanese alliance is curiously luke wnrnl. Mount Bischolt T.M. Company's Lon don cable quotes tin at £149,. on a quiet mirket. Indian public and press regarded the Anglo-lapanese alliance quietly and fa voulraby. It is claimed that one-half the total value of imports of the Yangtse Valley is German. llallburg's exports to China totalled £11,000,000 in 1898, and now is upwards of £2,500,000. ExcellenL exhibit of Australian butten at tile dairy show in London is attract ing much attention. Andries de Wet, nephew of General de \Vet. has been arrestel in German terri tory inl South Africa. Danish Government has adopted a state inortgage bank which guarentpes credit foncier bonds. The pictorial "Courier," with illustra tions of Launceston show, will be pub lished this afternoon. Police in Chicago are searching for jewels valuhed at £200,000 sterling .tolea from a house in l)ublin. Thousand strikers tried to stop the Berlin tra ~, but the police dispersed then wit'h drawn swev:ds. Emperor Francis Joseph has withdrawn ilis opposition to the principle of the manhood. suffrage scheme. There was a record attend.:::cc at Elphin yesterday, when the Launceston Ehow was a great success. Amateuvr bxing competitions, under the auspices of the Tamar Rlowing Club, were ^ontinued last night. The "Novae Vremnya" recognises that there is no chance of concluding an effec tive anti-lBritish coalition. Colipers s quoted at from £71 1Os to £71 15s for sipot, and £70 15s to £71 for thlee months' delivery. Chinnuamn attacked an isolated Jewish store at Klipiontein, killing a white mnn and injuring three others. 'T'in is quoted at from £148 12s lid to £140 2s lid for spot, and. £147 15s to £148 5s three months' delivery. There was an excellent show of dogs at the Albert IIll yesterday, and in .omne classes competition was keen. Russia wants to convey 800 prisoners to Japan, this, it is believed, representing all captured and conveyed to Europe. The Pdrte reants the action of the Powers in interfering with the internal administration of thie Ottoman IEmpire. The American shipments of wheat from the Atlantic seaports total 102,000 quarters, against 57,000 quarters a week ago. An open verdict was returned at thi enquiry into the fire by which the North lyell Ilotel was destroyed on Septem ber 22. King lAlwasrd has refused to receive a deputation of the Shoreditch unemployed, on the ground that it is contrary to precedent. -lie Excellency the Governor was greatly impressed with his first visit to the Liunceston show, and will attend again to-day. Steamer Cantabria, while plying among the Philippines, foundered in a typhoon, 17f of the ofllicers and crew and 17 pas sengers perishing. Bishop Ingram, while oulogising the cluroh's large-hearted toleration, declar ed there ought to be no attempt to alter formulas or rubrics. Tihomas Pugh, a groom at the Court house Hotel, was kicked in the face yes terday by a horse, He sustained a frac ture of tlhe jawbone. Zeelhan aifter 1n hieavy snowfall, scenes nt Port Artlhur Solthern Tasmania, ans many other illustrations will be found in thit week's "Courier." If Russia agrees not to advancc further in Asia she will, "The Times" soay, open a new era pregnant with hope in the polities of Asia and thle world. In an apparently inspire-l article tihe "Novoe Vreumya" suggests that all tlo Powers intoerested in thile Far East should subscribe to tie Anglo-Japanese treaty. A smnple of ore froml the new lods uncorerod in the Northl Mount Farrell mtine assayed .20oz. of silver and 54 per cent. of lead per toll. The Commonwealtlh is debarred from joining Canada and New- Zealand in the action for the transmission of free press messages over the Pacific cable. Mr. Alex. Andecreon, who judged tilhe poultry and pigeons at the Albert Hall show yesterday, stated tlht there wa-s a decidedt iisprovement in most classes since his last visit here four years ago. A pair of 1hores attached to C. R. Sutor's lanidau bolted from thile show ground entrance yesterday. The car riago was badly smashed in Brisbane street, having first last a wheel in a col. lision. Only chllanges in the values of Austra. lian investmtent stocks in London for the fortnighti nre:-City of London 4 per cents., advance £1; Dalgety.and Co.'s, Is 3d, and debentures £1; and Melbourne Gas, a fall of £2. General 'Ilrepoff iniormed Mfr. Stead that liis policy is an extension of tho peasants' holdings. credits for purhas?o oIf implements and stock. immigration from over-populated districts, and uni. veral and compulsory prituary educan-. tion. The quantity of wheat aandl flour afloat for tihe Unitc, KingdIm i; c'timated at 1,365,000 quartLc, ag.lLinst 1.570.000 quar ters last week. 1'1 quanltiiy afloat for tile Continsnt is estimated at 2.225.000 quarters, ogitilnt -2,0i75t- ,id. nutarters las1 .. . _ . . . i : . . . . . 