CAPRICIOUS CARPINGS BY LE Gkondkuk. ,. .... ,, The "political situation,' as the Perth press style it, is fast becoming boresome, and even" baneful. The latter adjective is amply justified by reason of the delay and dislocation in public business which its eontmuance entails. It's all very well tor Daglish, Drew, and others to say- ; with commendable consideration and generositv, that they are .quite willmg "to give Rason & Co. a chance. Bet are the electors equally satisiied? ; * * * * * * [ Stated that "nearly every paper in the State" declares that only a dis- J solution can properly end the present I miserable muddle. And what "nearly ; every" paper says, must surely pret- j ty fairly represent public opinion, i One thing—when dissolution does eventuate, and the country is appeal- I ed to, the issue set before it must be I an unmistakeable and clear-cut one ; j the voters to pronounce positively i whether they prefer a Rason-led Con- { servative crew, or a progressive and j enlightened one, whether engineered ! by Laborists or otherwise. * * * * * * It has puzzled a good many thinkers to discover "what" have been the sins of the late Labor Government beyond the fact that they weren't of the "silvertail" profession, and had a sneaking regard for the svorking man. It really seems patent, that if thiey even venially transgressed, it was in the direction of being too cautious and confoundedly complaisant. j * * * * * ^ If Mr. Rason and his colleagues pass successfully the ordeal of the ballot-boxes, and further if they invent a new, or disinter an old policy, which meets with the general approval of the House, they may occupy the Government benches—for a space. But, only on sufferance. If Daglish's position, with a trio of a majority was intolerable, what can Rason feel, who must perforce, dance to whatever jig or strathspey the Opposition pipers choose to play ? * * * > $ * * His Treasury couch, anyhow, isn't likely to prove a bed of roses, even , if "he's allowed" to carry'onT'~For" his | utmost fiscal skill will'be needed to i devise a satisfactory financial scheme I With a thumping deficit of £88,000, | a falling revenue, a failing birth-rate, and a general (and natural) disinclination on the part of the already heavily taxed population to be taxed any more, Mr. Rason has a decidedly dismal outlook. He won't be standing on velvet (or even velveteen) any of the time. * * * # * # Notice that Agent-General James is sending out immigrants to a State which even now can't ffnd sufficient work for its own sons and daughters. The Ormuz last week brought out 24 of them. The "Herald" states that ten of these are Swedish and Danish farmers and dairymen, and that "the others include an insurance-agent, a clerk, a collector, and a greengrocer, each possessing £100 capital." It ' doesn't say how much the Scandinavian cockies had. Nor is it admitted that there is any dearth in the local supply of insurance drummers, or even clerks. While, as regards greengrocers, have we not always with us , 'the jaunty Jap, the cheerful Chow, and 'numberless other oleaginous a- lien cabbage-men ? It's fairly certain, however, that the number of persons with "£100 capital" willing to come cut and settle in Westralia, isn't in exhaustible. Far from it, most persons in the Cold Country, possessors of a moderate amount of boodle, would rather flit to the United States, Canada, or S'Africa. Wonder what special attractions are being offered by Mr. James, to induce immigration to this } colony. Distant fields look green, and it may be that disillusion will .come too late, to the descendants of the Vikings, the insurance-fiends, and others. It is being constantly urged that there are many hundreds of hornyhanded as well as limber-fingered "unemployed" already in Australia. Wouldn't it be cheaper in the long run, and infinitely better and more patriotic, if, instead of spending scarce money on assisting immigration, the Government were to provide for the workless, (and often hungry) amongst its present population ? This might be done by taking every man-jack amongst them with a spark of "go" in him, and settling him on the land—the true heritage of crery human being—"•giving" him the land in fact, putting up a shelter for him, and generally assisting him to make a good start. * t * * * * * To transform a horde of workseekers, discontented and nomadic, cavilling at moderate wages, continually carping at the very "capital" which they are so ready to tap, and | oscillating eternaliy between " ap- j pca; s " to the Arbitration Court and open striking ; to transform such into a community of peaceful, prosperous producers, and welcome repleni shcr s of the mfreouent cradle, woukl bc a work worthv of a real statesman Antl the latter has yet to be found, but certainly not in Hector's entourage, * * * * * * Victoria, if late reports are to. be credited, will shortly be looked upon as the Paradise of the pot-wallopers, It's stated that the competition between the breweries is so keen, that beer is likely to be sold for a penny a glass, said "glass" being the "long sleever" usually retailed at a "thrum mer" in this expensive town. On the goldfields, however, the price of the seductive essence of malt is still sinfully exorbitant. We all remember how manfully yet ineffectually, the Mulline men struck for cheaper pongelo. Have seen a shilling per glass charged (and cheerfully paid) for ordinary Westralian shypoo. And the tumbler would be one of those thickbottomed frauds which don't hold enough to lubricate a tenth part of the thirsty lane it has to travel. * * * * * * The beer-jerkers too, would squeeze four, and sometimes five of them out of a single bottle, even six, if there were "whips" of froth. A fortune, and the blessings of thousands, await the publican who will popularise good colonial ale and wine, and sell them even at twopence a glass. It would be quite feasible too. Also, the W. C.T.U., and other brands of amiable reformers, who desire to check the consumption of strong liquors, should v. hail „; i such „,.„i, an innovation • •* as ' a first ,. 7 WA1 welcome PATno step ot on towards -rrvriro nrt o chronic ^ sobriety. ^ ^ * * • * * * The documents laid on tlie table of the House by Mr. Hastie, ex-Minister of Justice, relative to the gaoling of three young Geraldtonians lately, by R Walter, are interesting to those who have studied the affair in all its bearings. As this paper signifies that lt cloes n * intend to comment further u P on the case, this unconscionable growler reluctantly shuts up. However, he may be allowed to make one solitary carp. The magistrate in his report says : "Two of the men, Mc- Gilvray and Wilks, are men of apparently near 30." Well, his worthy worship is a bad physiognomist, or palmist. Don't know how many "summers" "Nunky" has seen. But McGilvray, at all events, isn't anything like 30, if it were only for the simple reason that he isn't at all the first of the family bunch, and his parents haven't been spliced 24 years. —Q.E.D. * * * * * The Greenough Farmers' Club advertise their thirty-second annual show for the 4th prox. A year or two ago, a movement commenced on the Flats, with the object of securing the amalgamation of the Geraldton, Greenough and Dongarra shows into one huge "Exhibition." Not, of course, that the combined affair would be held invariably at Geraldton, the other centres were to be hon ored in rotation. It was in fact, to be an Annual Movable Monster Agricultural, Pastoral, Horticultural, and Ornithological Demonstration, worthy of the important and flourishing Victotia District, and raking in contributions and exhibits from Northampton to Mingenew. Yet this praiseworthy idea doesn't appear to have made any progress towards materialisation. Secretary Meadowcroft (wonder how many billets this prodigy has?) is to be congratulated upon an attractive and generous prize li'st. Interviewed yesterday a run who has been working at the rabbit-fence, way back of Nannine. He declared that it is an excellent fence, as netting fences, 3ft. Bin. high go, but that its "use" is rather an unknown quantity, seeing that bunny, in his thousands, is sticking up his scut, and flourishing his portentous auricles on both sides of it. Don't know what the total cost of this extraordinary and apparently inefficient barricade will be, nor whether it is intended to keep Soustralian rabbits out, or Westralian rodents in, or for both purposes. But the figure must run into many thousands, which, for all the good they will do this country, might as well have been jerked into the totalisator, or dumped into the .Indian Ocean. Anyway, the people- who pay for this thousand mile ornamental palisade, can't accuse the Labor Government of originating this novel method of fattening a deficit. * * * * * The Northern Cricket Association have, it appears, allotted their first half- dozen matches. Moonvoonooka, however,"'doesn'Figureat all. This is to be regretted, as that club, during last season, showed passable form and commendable grit, seeing that many of them are merely colts. It's to be hoped that they havn't got their collective tail depressed permanently. The Moonyoonooka ground is a splendid one, probably the best in the district, and being situated at a handy distance from Geraldton, with a good road to it, was wont to be well patronised on match days. Probably this promising country team of sloggers will now confine themselves to pounding the Hinton team —when they can, or knocking spots off the other country players. * * * * * Notice in the Association fixtures (and have noticed it several times) that "Practice Nights" are advertised. Understood always that 'night' didn't start till sundown. And am certain the Geraldton clubs don't practise in the dark, or even by moon shine, and further that the electric light isn't yet installed at Queen's Park, unless very recent arrangements have been made with Dan Marsh. This may be thought a small matter, but this cricket enthusiast has been asked a dozen times what practice "nights" signified. Mr. H. K.* Maley. cricketer, footballer, and Khaki soldier, notifies his intention to contest any vacancy for Greenough—when it pops up, against all-comers, as a "local" man. His very name, associated as it is with the earliest history of the Greenough, should be a strong point in his favor, quite apart from his physical and mental perfections. His father, the jovial juvitti John JUIUI Stephen, ouc mcu, once uiiue nominated , uui for a seat in the old Tory „ _ Single Chamber. And he would probably have been elected, hands down, had he gone, to the poll. But it appeared that, in some way or other, he wasn't legally qualified to stand. So he withdrew. • * * * * In these halcyon ante-goldfields days of low wages, Imperial Prisoners, red-rust, and Valparaiso flour, the person desirous of entering Parliament had to show himself possessed of at least £10,000 (or was it £1,000?) in sound rhino, or prewar ty free from incumbrance. At all events John S. Maley declined to take any Leg. Council just then, and the country thereby lost a shrewd and fearless legislator. In these days, am afraid H*K. jnr. wouldn't stand Buckley's show of carrying the Greenough as now constituted. Tempora muntant-ur. Can remember the time when Maley, Clinch and Crowther owned pretty well the whole of the Flats. Or rather, when you'd think they did. If Harney persists in courting his fate at a by-election, he will have to face seasoned battlers, with creditable Parliamentary records. He should wait a few years. £200 a year isn't altogether a gorgeous screw. And the legislature doesn't necessarily lead to anything better. Only about one man in seven can pos s.bly get a portfolio. There is a rumor that either Josh. Waldeek or Arnold Meadowcroft is a likely candidate. The former, even more than Maley, should feel confident in addressing Greenough electors since he's the only surviving son of that grand veteran F. Waldeek who (when alive) used to be affectionately alluded to as "The father of us all." But Josh's well-known timidity and excessive modesty are likely to stand in the way of his candidature. Meadowcroft however would make an ideal legislator if tenacity of purpose, even to doggedness, "savoir faire," audacity, intellectual qualities and unlimited self-complacency count as desirable attributes. The conclusion of peace between the Monkey and the Bear will materially reduce the cost of cablegrams to the Australian press. That is, it should do so. But on the other hand, the cable-concoctcr has the accurst habit, when sensational items don't turn up in sufficient quantity, of padding his budget with such rubbish as the state of a wart on a Princess's nose, the vagaries of a Grand Duke, the birth of some insignifiant red morsel of the peerage, a divorce in high life, or some other cantle of gossip supposed to be of intense interest to Australians. a « * a a At all events the "Herald" and' "Daily News" of Perth will lose to some extent, by the cessation of the big war, since these high-class journals can no longer use the enormous scare head-lines for which they are notorious. Example: read a few weeks ago, a cable paragraph. The headlines occupied half a foot in length, (take measurement) while the kernel was a paltry three-line bourgeois affair, extending barely five-sixteenths of an inch! The proprietors will have to fill up the immense hiatus left by the compulsory withdrawal of these colossal captions, somehow ur other. The "Herald," however wJl probably fall back upon sermons or anti-gamble lectures, which are generally cheap "copy." * * * * * Provincial papers in this State are truly increasing and multiplying amazingly, if not waxing fat and kicking. Westralia has, perhaps, morenewspapers in proportion to readers, than any other part of Edward VII's dominions. Carnarvon, of all places, is to have its own pet organ. Previously, the Gascoynites largely patronised the "Sunday Times" and the "Express" as the special exponents of outspoken criticism. There's plenty) of racy stuff to fill a super-royal paper in Butcher's electorate. With news from Dirk Hartog and its crowd of polyglot pearlers, from the immense pastoral "hinterland" right uppast Exmouth Gulf, from Bernier Island, and the turtle-grounds, with the spicy and pungent items derivable at all times from Yankee Town and Carnarvon itself, the new venture should be able to tread the "inky way" with confidence. * * * * * Narrog;n, a modern bucolic community, actually feeds two papers. Geraldton once boasted two, which were continually barking at each other. This, too, when there were nogoldfields, and mighty few railways. And nearly every hamlet in the colony has its local thunderer. Dongarra, however, and its Midland godchild Mingenew, haven't yet made a start. Nor has Northampton, that cradle of genius, vegetable and animal monstrosities, legislators, and superhumanly clever juveniles. But, all in good time. * * * * * The life of a country paper editor isn't always even as happy as a po- liceman's. He is supposed to know everything and anything an inquirer wishes to know ; to offend nobody, even to an aboriginal's dog ; to print "free gratis" every silly screed anent the falling out of the butcherboy with the pub. yardman ; and to do all this with the maximum of cheerfulness * * and * the minimum * * of cash The first editor of the "Express j' Mr. Stephen Stout, (a near relative of Sir Robert Stout, of Maoriland), was a gentleman of uncommon ability, and was indeed singularly wellread. He rather fatuously started an "Answers to Correspondents" column, printed in neat italics. But after a while he got very sick of it. Small wonder, for amongst the first batch of questions were" the following :— * * * * * 'How can I best cook a tough hen'' 'Can you tell me, to decide a bet, who was Cain's wife?' 'Who was the first white child born in Geraldton? 1 'Kindly explain, with examples, how the Binomial Theorem is worked.'- 'How many people were lost in the 'Royal Charter' ?' 'Where can I get a good gob (he probably meant- job) for a grone boy of foreteen. He ain't Been to skule moren a year, but he nose all about coweses and pigs, an' can turn a summersalt sideways V (Evidently a budding politician.) Hundreds of similar posers poured in, until Stout (who had fruitlessly invested in an Encyclopaedia) jacked % p, in sheer despair. At a sly-grog prosecution in Perth last week it transpired that the police employed as "traps" a halfcaste Japanese, named Marcus Michael Aladdin, and an American black named Johnson (most American niggers are named Johnson) who claimed to be of Mexican nationality. Even the "informer" business seems to be passing into the hands of the j l'^11 cheap aliens The Cue Municipal Council, on the initiative of Mr. Bob Allen, have passed a resolution inviting the Inspector of Liquors to pay a visit to Cue and sample the snake-juice retailed in that thirsty centre. Well, we should be sorry to single out any town for special mention, but if that inspector makes a trip from Geraldton to Peak Hill, and does his duty conscientiously, there will be straws in his hair and rats in his garret before he sets his face Perthwards again. 