The American Harvester Trust has now fairly begun its fight for the destruction of Australian industries. Its letter pub lished by us, dated the 13th October, is its public notification that the struggle has commenced m earnest. ' That declaration is in these words: — "For about a year prior " to 6th October, 1005, the ruling price " for harvesters in Victoria was £81, cash " at smarting. ... On 7th October, " 1005, we published a reduction — cash at "starting, .-£70." That is, the answer which the great octopus "combine" gives to the Customs authorities, who have revalued the machines for duty purposes from £38 10/ to £65. We have facts to go on' rendering the position perfectly clear. /First, the American company passed its, .machines at £26. This ,was even tu- - ally raised to £38 10/. When the machines wore introduced at these low prices they were sold at £81, cash at starting. Now that they have to pay duty on a value of £65, they are suddenly reduced in price by £11, and are to be sold at £70. One of two things must he abundantly evident. Either the price of £81 was an exorbitant one, or the present price of £70 is the price of a dumper- Who is bent on selling at a loss in order to crush local competition. We have some means of arriving at tho -truth in the evidence of Victorian makers of these machines as to the bogus invoice values. Mr. James Moore told the Tariff Commissioners (Q. 15,833) that the value of the raw material in his machines is just about tlie price of the first invoice of these Americnn harvesters, £26. All the local makers were agreed that they could not sell at a profit, after paying com mission agents, at less than £81. But this is very largely owing to the high, cost ,of distribution. If they could get com mand of the Australian market, instead of hairing to share it. with' importers, the local. manufacturers could place their machines with farmers at a lower figure, because the expense of travellers would he much reduced. Last season, it was estimated that about 1000 American machines were landed and sold in Victoria alone. Each of these imported machines cost from £8 to £10 to land here. The rest of the cost was in placing it after reaching Australia. AVe now come to a proof that the question of profit and loss on these imported machines was a minor The agent of the American Company, in a circular dated February, 1905, says:— " The International Harvester Company of " America manufactures and sells 90 per "cent, of the world's output of harvesting "machinery." It is clear that a great Trust, which is doing 90 per cent, of the World's work, and much of it under monopolistic conditions, can afford to sell its Wares at a loss in Australia for a quite indefinite period. A sworn declaration of one of the Numurkah commission agents shows that the Trust has begun its business on that basis. Its agent declared to the deponent—" It's only a matter of a "little time till we knock out all the local men. . . . We have unlimited money behind us. . . We don't care "what money it costs, we shall secure the trade. That was the declaration made in the early, part of the present year. It is now being acted upon. The extent of this outside pressure was stated before the Commission to have increased as fol lows:— "Imports of agricultural machinery "for 1902, £198,371; for 1903, £249,885; "for 1904, £608,732." We have here, then, a frank admissfon that the policy of the Trust is one of open war, destruction and spoliation. It has unlimited money behind it, and'as it claims to be doing 90 per cent, of the world's trade at a profit, a loss on the other 10 -per centwould be a trifling consideration. But that which may be- a bagatelle to the great American Trust is a matter of life and death to the Australian manufacturers. Mr. James Moore was asked (Q. 1G,213) " Are you receiving out of the prices indi- " cated in this memorandum a fair profit?" His answer was, "The evidence that I will " put before the Commission will prove " that the profit is too small." That was at a price' of £81. What must be the case with an American firm which has to pay duty and transport charges and then sell at £70 ? There are between 5000 and 6000 harvesters sold annually through out Australia. If these were all made and sold by the local men, the out- sider being excluded, the price would be reduced to the farmer owing to two causes. The larger local output would decrease the cost of the individual machine, and the saving in travelling expenses would also go to the purchaser, leaving the manu facturer's profit the same as before. Tho amount of internal competition is ample to secure the purchaser against extortion. But now comes the converse side of the question. How will the farmer stand should the American Trust succeed in its threat, of trilling all local competition, and get the making of these 5000 or 6000 machines into its own hands ? With every local factory shut up the Australian farmer would be at the mercy of the combine; the prices may be whatever that com bine can screw out of the purchaser. We know that monopoly is the object of every ' Trust, and that it very often means fleecing the consumer. Wc have evidence that this fate has already over taken the American farmers. It is stated that this Harvester Combine supplies to the American agriculturists implements costing £29,000,000 a year. The proper value of these products 'would he about £12,-000,000.. The farmers in America have to pay -the fine of £8, 000, 000 a year to the Trust'. - The question assumes an aspect as vital to the Australian farmer as it is to the Australian manufacturer. If this great international combine be permitted to pro ceed a little longer under tho present rate pf duties, it may be too late to . rescue the country from its octopus clutches. Yet it is amidst such circumstances of imminent peril to farmers and manufacturers alike that the Tariff Commission maunders on, and Parliament aids and nbets it in its neglect of an. urgent duty. What must he the thought of practical men about the forming of immigration leagues at a time when a deadly onslaught is being made against the independence and integrity of great Australian industries, and Parliament has not the spirit or the time to raise a voice or a hand in their defence? Even if Nero did fiddle amidst the flames of burn ing Rome lie was not much more callous than is a Parliament which looks on at- a situation such as this, and neglects to raise the present 15 per cent, on harvesters to 45 or 50 per cent., so as to give the whole of the Australian trade to Australian work men and stamp the American- Trust com pletely out of our market. It is a case which calls for nothing short of prohibition, and that before the end of the present session. What is the true inwardness of the " Matin"-Delcasse incident? A reputable and influential Paris journal, in the hearing of all the Foreign Offices of Europe, claims to have discovered that in the even t_of the Morocco dispute leading to war between Germany and France, Great Britain had given a promise to the French Government to come to her aid, to destroy the German fleet and to land 100,000 men in Schleswig- Holstein. The discovery is scarcely made public, however, before M. Delcasse declares it to ho an absurd fabrication, the Marquis of Lansdowne assures Count von, Bulow that no such promise was ever made, and Count von Bulow professes to he quite satisfied with his disclaimer.' Which are we to believe? In ordinary circum stances, and in an ordinary court of justice, the newspaper would be discredited at once. But ; we aVe reminded that there is a recognised code of morals for public' life which is distinct from and at variance with the ordinary rules of morality that regulate private conduct. .Even a Bishop would not contend that the Gospel should take the place of Grotius at the Foreign Office, and that, in spite of Sir Henry Wotton's dictum, "An ambassador is a "man of honor sent abroad to lie for his " country," no respectable diplomatist nowadays ever thinks of saying what he does not mean in his intercourse with the representatives of a foreign court. We can just as soon imagine a diplomatist like Talleyrand recoiling from the temptation to circumvent his enemy as we can a sly old fox feeling shy at the sight of a hen coop. Frederick the Great, writing to one of his Ministers, whom lie used to address as " Hon " Cher Charlatan," warned him, "It is "a very dangerous thing to maintain the " role of honest men amongst knaves. If " you and I can gain by honesty, honest we " will he; but if cheat we must let us be " knaves." Tlie Italian statesman Crispi was of another opinion; "Falsehood," he said, " belonged to the old school of " politics; it is an' arm out of date, to be " consigned to the arsenal of tricks out of " fashion." Crispi's friend Bismarck also spoke against it; but in rather more ambiguous tones. " If you want to deceive " a foreign Minister," he said, " the best "plan is to spealc the truth." After all that eaa he said in favor of both practices, the conduct of the patriotic statesman will be determined by the interests of his country, which will always outweigh moral considerations. Wrhen Canning' had made up Ills mind to seize the Danish fleet in 1807 to prevent Napoleon from doing so, he charged Lord Malmesbury to deny it to the Danish Ambassador, and rather than be a party to the . transaction Lord Malmesbury resigned. And, yet it would have been very easy to show that if every Foreign Minister were as scrupulous as he was, not only might the existence of Great Britain have been sacrificed, but the whole of Europe might have been delivered into the hands of a despot and man of war to whom the blood of a million or two of soldiers, as he said in one -of his confidential moments to Metternich, was only as so much writer to slack the fever of. his amlbition. Lord Malmesbury's squeamishness may have had the approval of a strict moralist or .a Quaker, but it -was obviously belter for humanity that a Minister of the Crown should meet fraud with fraud, and employ " an dolus an virtus" -to circumvent the enemies of his country rather than imperil its existence. It is still a mystery how Canning acquired the knowledge of a secret treaty between France and Den mark which led to his prompt action, but the information was correct. The English Government has never made such good use of its secret service as the French docs, but no English statesman has ever scrupled to buy, or even to steal, confidential papers if he thought them worth having. Whether we approve of it or not, treach ery is a recognised weapon in international politics, and its use is limited by no con sideration except of expediency. It is quite possible, if we knew the whole circum stances that led to the appearance of the " Matin's " story, that we should find that there is some truth in it, and that its pub lication was prompted by both the British and French Cabinets, and for the distinct purpose of impressing Germany and Europe at large. It is not a very straightforward mode of proceeding, perhaps; but the policy of frankness is, not always a prudent or effectual one under a system which is worked on the principle that the end jus tifies the means, and in which one of the means is dissimulation. To Insist that Lord Lansdowne . should wear his heart upon his sleeve whenever he writes a despatch to a Foreign Minister, because it is a -moral offence to palter with the truth or employ -wiles and artifices to discover and defeat the designs of his coun try's enemies, is to say" that every house holder should' cease to lock his doors because it exposes the honest midnight burglar to the risk of being caught in the act . of using his jemmy. Whether Lord Lansdowne has really adopted a harm less ruse on the present occasion to attain his object, and whether his object has been really attained, will probably not be known to the general public till the time comes for him, as it came for Lord Malmesbury, 'to give his memoirs to the next generation of his countrymen. When Sir James Graham was convicted of opening letters in the Post Office he was able to prove that he had -only done -what his predecessors had done, and that he had done-it in the interests of international, peace; and if Lord Lansdowne .can show that he was inspired by the same noble object, he may rest satisfied that he will be forgiven any breach of tlie moral law which he may have commit ted in his method of doing it. Is the State Parliament going to acquiesce in the shelving of its motion for the pro tection of Victorian products ? We hope not. The action of the Premier in getting Mr. Beaziley's motion off the notice paper was adroit; but it was not honest, seeing that the whole House practically agreed with the spirit of that motion. The carry ing of some declaration of this sort is a thing which the self-respect of the Assem bly should insist on. And we venture to say that there are means -of compelling the Government to show such a decent respect to the House as will prevent the Chamber from falling quite under the contempt of Ministerial domination. That motion was called for. Ministers have grossly flouted Australian products. Mr. M'Leod sent to South Africa for a Leyncr drill, and paid £100. for it. It was shown afterwards that lie could have got one quite as good in Victoria for £50. The same Minister called for tenders for a couple of engines. He gave no preference to local firms to make allowance for our higher wages and shorter hours. There was only one Vic torian tender in the circumstances, and the work went -to England. Six English tenders, ranging from £225 to £199, show- that a fair price would have been about £210. A 20 per cent, preference on that would have given the work to an Aus tralian firm. Instead of that it went to an English house at a dumper's price. There is no duty on the engines at all. When, on the top of these cases; we have the example of tlie recent dredge importation, it is use less to pretend that the Bent Government is prepared to deal fairly with Australian workmen. These examples cited are scan dalous proofs to the contrary. A protec tionist House has a right to rise and vin dicate itself. There is plenty. of power in the .forms .of Parliament to enable the Opposition to insist on some decent atten tion being paid to the ascertained wishes of the Assembly. The shelved motion should be reinstated and passed, /and the Govern ment warned that no progress will he per mitted until this act of reparation has been accomplished. 