The Dairying Industry. ? ? ? WORK IN OTHER LANDS. A CHAT WITH A DAIRY EXPERT _r „ FROM SWEDEN. .M.r Carl Alf. AudersoD, the head expert of the Crown Cream Separator Company, Stockholm, Sweden, for which Messrs Webster and Son are the agents in Tas mania, la miking a tour of Australasia. Mr Anderson has bsen in Tasmania previously, having left for his native country, Sweden, a year aeo on his way home, visiting New Zsaland. Argentine and Europe. He arrived back to the Commonwealth about six months ago, since when he has mostly oeeu en gaged in Q leenslund, New Zealand, Tas mania-aud Victoria. The company which Mr Anderson represents has its works at Sodutelge, a town nitu»ted some 25 miles from Stock holm, tliH capital of Sweden. It employs about 350 men, and its output last year was over 35.0J0 separators, including hand, turbine and belt- driven machines, with a capacity ranying from 9 np to 510 gallons per hour. ilr Anderso'i has had an extensive ex perience of the dairying industry under varying conditions, and he related to a r». presentative of the 'Advocate' and ' Times' some of his experiences of the making of butter in different countries. Sweden, he said, made very gnod butter, and though the product wsa not so v. ell known as the Danish butter, it wan by no means inferior, and sold just as well in the English market at top prices. The co-operative system of dairying was in force, both milk and cream being received, the bad roads in certain parts of Sweden making the carting question a troublesome one. When the milk is delivered the supplier gets back about 85 per cent, of the skim milk. The average price paid for butter fat is about 10J per. lb. The factory^ minager strictly enforces his right to refuse milk which does not come np to the standard, and this is quickly followed up by a visit to the farm supplying the milk so as to locate the trouble. Cleanli ness, in Mr Anderson's opinion, is the first, the indispensable condition of obtaining good butter. That, he Bays, has been the guiding principle of the Scandinavian butter-makers, and all o'hers desirous of producing a first-class article will find that it will have to be their guiding principle too. The system of grading adopted is elaborate. The graders do their work at the port of shipment, and if there is any fault to find they report it to the chief grader, and a dairy expert is despatched to the factory concerned to find ont -the trouble. Each year the points gained by fha ?faf*fnr\aa aPAPo/itrnnaH nn nn#4 »Kn .£?-.. vua ubvuiioa bio io\;auucu UP| itUU LUO AI1U~ tory securing the beat record receives a prize from the Government in the form of a diploma or silver cup. The butter maker also receives a cash prize from the agricultural associations. The effect of these donations is to stimulate rivalry, which has a most beneficial effect. In regard to feeding Mr Anderson says that in Sweden dairy cows are turned out about four months of the year, and for the remaining months are stable-fed. The food consists mostly of hay, straw, tur nips and other milk-giving feeds, as crushed oats and bran ; different kinds of oilcakes are also used to a great extent. Argentine, in Mr Anderson's opinion, is withont a doubt a very fine country indeed. ' The climate is superb, and you can travel for days on and through per fectly level country, covered with bounti ful pastures. The only thing to make, dairying a great success is population. The Government is fully aware of this, and is doing all it can to induce immigra tion, both by grants of free land and also free travelling to get on the same.' When Mr Andersen was in Buenos Ayres the yearly agricultural and pastoral exhibition was in full swing, and two of the leading separator firms had complete working dairies going then; and, he added, with a smile, the ' Crown' separator re ceived the first prize. It was one of tho finest exhibitions of stock that Mr Andtr Eon has ever seen, a very good deal of it being imported ; but there were many fine specimens, as fine, indeed, as the stocK of the progeny bred in the Argentine from the imported stock. The stock at the show consisted for the most part of cattle of the Shorthorn, Ayrshire and Holstein breeds. What are the methods adopted then in regard to tbe industry, Mr Anderson was asked? He explained that there are a number of very big kind proprietors ; that these let out aruaa of their land to those desirous of taking them up, and provide them, at the same time, with stock ; and that finally the big proprietors allow the - settlers to keep half the milk and half the progeny of the stock for their labor in working and looking after the stock. Such in brief ib the system which has been in part adopted by Argentina, with such gratitymg results to tne settlement of tha countrygenerally. , New Zealand, the visitor remarked, has gone ahead wonderfully during the last 3 years with the dairying industry, and as a dairy country it cannot very well be beaten, favored as it is with a good climate, good pastures and good water ; and the help given to the industry by the Government through the appointment of .experts has been most valuable. Tasmania, thinks Mr Anderson, has equally as good chances as New Zealand, and from what he has seen of the country it has made rapid strides in dairying since, his la«t visit. Mr Anderson will remain on the coast a few dayB, and then continue his tour. 