SOME FACTS. 111 ? y '?' i.—^ ' Q-efc married ' was a bit of advice which Mr. Justice Bingham gave the Bradford law students recently. At the advanced age of 98, Herr Tbygeson, the oldest member of the Danish Parliament, died recently. Fully 75 per cent, of the rural pop ulation or tne rrussian province of Saxony have drifted to the large cities. German troops have captured the Hottentot chiefs stronghold on the Carras Mountains, South-West Africa. To attend the German Crown Prince's wedding, Prince and Princess Arisugawa, of Japan, have left Tokio for Germany. Five thousand loose drawings, val ued at £50,000, have been left by the late Herr Menzel, the famous German painter. Two members of the recentlyre turned Charcot Antarctic Expedition have left Buenos Ayres on their way back to France. During the six months ending Feb ruary 23 last, over 400,000 immigrants — including 84,000 Russians — arrived in New lork. Turkish troops near Ghevgheli, in Macedonia, have annihilated a Bul aarian band of 21 mnn. -Mia nhifi-F hnincr among the killed. Miss May Yohe and her husband, Captain Strong, are about to appear on the music-hall stage in America at large salaries. The American Steel Trust has raised the pay of its 150,000 employees. The change will increase the wages bill by £1,800,000 a year. Sixty men and SO women have been killed in a raid made by a tribe in Li beria (West Africa) on Cess Town, a place on the Liberian coaBt. By a judgment of the Supreme Court of Pretoria, the old Boer law forbidding natives in the Transvaal to acquire land, has been annulled. Only £800,000 will be saved this year on the French Army Estimates by the reduction of the period of ser vice to which all conscripts are liable. Princess Elizabeth, of Isenburg, daughter of the widowed Archduchess Marie Louisa of Austria, has taken the veil at St. Joseph's Convent, at Treves. Portugal has officially approved the construction of the LourencoMar ques- Swaziland railway. The Govern ment has the necessary funds already in hand. Plans have been perfected for a great religious revival in N6w York during the summer, the services for which are to be conducted in 10 enormous tents. While travelling by rail in the State of Connecticut, Mr. Andrew White, formerly American Ambassador at Berliu, narrowly escaped death, some heavy object breaking the window of his compartment and cutting his silk hat in two. As the result of a canvass in certain parts of England upon the question of Sunday closing of publichouses, 123, 5S1 workiug-class replies were for and only 12,010 against, and among householders SG6.G-10 for and 121,GS9 against. Taken suddenly ill on his way for a marriage license, a young man in Huntingdon (U.S.A.), was removed to tuo nospital and operated on for ap pendicitis. While on the operating table he was married, bu; died shortly afterwards. Mr. Hay, the American Secretary of State, has completely recovered from his recent illness. Before leaving Gibraltar after her recent visit the Queen handed Sir George White the sum of £100 for distribution among the poor. Fearing that he waB about to lose his sight, Professor Edward Heiuzel, the director of the Seminary for Ger man Philology at the Vienna Univer sity, shot himself dead. Valuable presents have been made by the British and American Govern ments to the Moorish Shereefs of Wazzan, who aided in the release of Messrs. Perdicaris and Varley. No plans exist, said the general manager of the Hamburg-Americun line, for tho establishment of a com munity of interests between that com pany and the North- German line. 