TO-DAY. r ITS MOTTO: He who repents for having ! 'done wrong is not yet lost to virtue.— ! democrates. <tl»e man of the hour— .. . , -|y , : 'Lieutenant. Schmidt;;;'.: : . > 'He was recently cashiered from the Rus- Bian army. , >'; . 'Because of his revolutionary sympathies. He commands the protected cruiser Otcha- koff, now. in the; hands jofthe. mutineers. He threatens to bomband Sebastopol it the Bailors- imprisoned there be court-martlaJled. His example may be followed by other offi-' cers. . . The strike In Russia Is now 'General. 'And no one knows what an hour may bring forth. - " . . . . . .. j Only ' St. Petersburg messages- are reaching London, and these 'are received .via Finland. >, In St. Petersburg and -Moscow. 130,000 work men are idle, No -fewer than 230 soldiers have beeri ar rested at St. Petersburg. , Their .crlrne; was that: they made a request for bettor treatment..' . -j-...- - _ Two Russian regiments at St. Petersburg have refused ' to arrest-any of their comrades. The Minister of .the" interior, has ordered. ' the arrest of the organisers of the Tele- graphlsts' Cohst'ess at St. Petersburg. - Father - Gapon, In his autobiography, says ,ihis arrest-, was again' ordered- -by/the authorl- ,tles, but his friends enabled lilm to escape.: . Russian soldiers at Vladivostok say they are treated'.worse 'tliari: -when in Japan.-- - — "Save us from pur friends." ; Two thousand savages attacked. GO -British, soldiers In West Africa; ' . '.- The British kept their assailants- -at. bay.' and fought their -way. back to the launch' from which they had landed. The Columbian "University lias relinquish ed the game of football owing 'to the number of fatalities that have -occurred this season;", King Edward has given tlie NewYork Club two cups for which schooners and sloops will compete. . A Smlthfleld Market (London) firm is being prosecuted, far falsely describing butiter. ln- Ciudlng Queensland samples. . . An Individual discovered In a; yard ' where he should not have been told the . Water Po lice Bench he went there to get a drink of . iwater. - ' : Small cases ait .the Water Court: to- day— mostly unfortunates. . . Several lady, vagrants wore dealt with"' at the Water, by Mr. JMaofarlane. ' One arrested on a charge of having insuffi cient means said she had two weeks' wages in Her pocket. . The police picked up an inebriate at Manly so bad from drink that he had to be remand ed to be cleaned up. . . '.- A.Chlnaanian who bolted fi-om his ship, was arrested, charged with being a prolYbi-ted im migrant, ''and will be detained until Iris ship returns. ; . ,v. Vessels sailing from Sydney to-morrow are .the Aberdeen liner Salainis and the Island steamers Alrlie and Taffibo. R.M.S. Oruba Is due at Sydney from Lon don to-morrow. New Currle liner Hymettus has been launched at Jarrow. , V She is a vessel of about 7000 tons register, and is for the Australian trade.- At the London wool sales yesterday, strong /competition prevailed for all sorts. Prices we're fully maintained. lhe Manly. Swimming Club will hold' thetr first night carnival this evening at the local huths. . . ... The barque Melanope,; which, left:' in tow last night for Newcastle, returned .to;. -port, this morning through stress of weather.-; '; A fresh easteriy gale. and rising sea .were, reported fcy South Head this morning." The Australasian championships will com mence In Brisbane on Saturday. « Fry- burg, the -New Zealand representative, Will compete. Given a fine day to- morrow better -.pros pects are expected In the Sussex-street mar-; \ kets, as it is the lirst of t/he month. a There was a good attendance of buyers at IRedfern sales to-day,! and. the bidding, .was considerably slow. The wet weather interfered with the sales, and most of the buyers did not feel inclined Ko operate. - The trade' In the Sussex-street -markets to day was dull, hardly, any. business- -being transacted. . Handicaps for the 'Wavetdey Swimming Dlub'a carnival appear in another column. The carnival will take place on Saturday!' Two events will -be .decided by.. the .(Manly' Swimming Club to-night at the locai'bat'hs,- viz., 50 yards senior .members' handicap and ; 50 yards junior members' handicap. Fifty-three thousand sheep and 1010 cattle were offered for auction at the Homebush ' sales. j_. The Legislative Assembly sat . again all . night discussing the -Estimates. ., The estimates of the Chief Secretary were, passed after a 1-2 hours' discussion. Much difficulty was experienced In keeping, a quorum. , Mr. Nobbs (the Government ,'W-hlp) (had a busy time.- -v The western' coal" contract: was 'referred .to? when the' railway estimates .were under dis cussion; .... ... Mr. Carrufchers said the dissension- amongst the Railway Commissioners' had come to h-lm as a shock. An Inquiry is to be held. ' i - , The railway estimates were passed after a discussion of several hours. After an , all-night sitting the Legislative Uwembly continued business this morning. .The elderly man', John Frederick M'Gregor Bklnner, who was admitted to the Sydney Hospital last evening suffering from a bul let, wound near the temple, was reported, to be jn ;a critical condition this morning. " The hearing of the- Dalley divorce suit Is continued to-day. - , - ' The sixtieth birthday of the eminent violin ist, -August Wllhelmj, was celebrated in Lon don on September 21. He. considers himself a '.very young man; bis father, aged ninety-three, is- still as ac tive as a man of. forty, playing -the violin every day -with great .seat. ' The. elder W-Ilhelmj was a personal friend of Elsmarek as well us' of Wagner. One of; the', busiest arid 'most versatile of European writers Is Spiridion Gopeevlc, who \- lives at Lusslnplccolo. _ He has written newspaper' articles and (books In nine -langures — German, French, Italian, English, Servian, Danish, Spanish, (Portuguese, and Swedish. In thirty years lie has contributed 8363 ar ticles to newspapers in those languages. Stonewalling the supplementary estimates Is the business In the Legislative Assembly Ihls morning. ' Algernon ''Charles 'Swinburne, the poet, ost his vote at the Wandsworth (London) (Revision Court. \- He claimed a qualification as the occupier of a. house In Putney, which he Inhabits golntly with Theodore Watts- Dunton. The claim was resisted, on the- ground that Mr. Watts-Dunton -only, was -recognised as ihe occupier by, the , landlord. And although It was stated (that Mr. Swin burne pild half .'/.he, /rent . and shared the household expense his name was struck oft JJie.-llst. A pouring wet day in Sydney, -and -leaden i bkles. The Lands Commission sltBttgaintthls af ternoon. . 