NEWS OF THE DAY. In the town edition of "The Deader" some illustrations aro giveit dealing with the now historic /intei-State cricket match between New South Wales and Victoria. Tlie champion scorers, Noble and Mackay, on the New South Wales side, are given, and a picture showing the. scoring board with the mammoth record. Portraits are given of Mr. O'Donnell and his two sons, who were victims in tho Sorrento disaster. A photograph is reproduced of the Metro politan Brigade's now motor chemical fire engine. Next Monday business will be suspended in order to celebrate the incoming .of 1000, and, given fine .weather, ample opportunity will be afforded" for enjoyment and recrea tion. The cricket match between Victoria and South Australia will be continued on the Melbourne cricket ground, and nt Flem- ington the Standish and Bugcit handicaps and other events will engage the attention of racegoers. Special Bay excursions have been arranged for, and heavy traffic to holi days resorts is anticipated by the Kailway department. At the theatres and other places of amusement there will be matinees as well as niglit performances. The early morning delivery of mails -will be the only distribution for the dny, and the general postal arrangements will be the same as on Boxing day. During the absence froth Australia of Siv John Forrest the Prime Minister will act as Federal Treasurer. It is expected that Mr. T. E wing will be Acting Post master-General when Mr. Chapman leaves to attend the International Postal Conven tion. When announcing yesterday tlnrt at that day's meeting of the Executive Council a proclamation had been signed forbidding the introduction of opium into the Com monwealth, except for medicinal purposes, as from 20 th December, 'the Prime Minis ter took occasion to review the prohibition movement. The agitation commenced, Mr. Dcakin said, in 1903, when, deputations waited on the Government. Eepresentn- tions were renewed in 1901; and the mat ter was brought up at tho Hobart Confer ence of Premiers, where a resolution was passed calling on tlio States to take local action. When the present Federal Go vernment came in a stronger view was adopted by Ministers, and an intimation was given that after consultation with the States Federal action would be taken. The States were consulted, and varying answers were received, all of them, however, being in the direction of restricting tlie sale of opium. Then a resolution was given no tice of in the House of Eepresentatives, and the Government intimated that it ex pressed the Ministerial policy, but it was desirable to get all tlie replies of tbe Status before taking action. At that time all tbe replies were not to band. Ultimately all the States came into line, as tho oilicial cor respondence laid before Parliament showed, and the proclamation was now issued. Under the prohibition authorised under the Customs Act tlio sale of medicinal opium— which differs materially from smok- able opium— will bo restricted to autho rised agents, in much the same way as the sale of poisons is controlled. In reply tq_a question, Mr. Dcakin said he thought tlie Stales Governments would see to it that opium was not manufactured locally. Although New Zealand has not as yet separate representation on the Interna tional Postal Convention it is putting for ward, through the l'ostmastei-Geucral of the Commonwealth, an important proposal for an addition to the International Postal Convention with respect to lotteries. The mutter will be considered at the Interna tional PobIuI Convention in Rome in the new year. The item on tho agenda paper relating to it appears thus:— "Tho British colonies of Australasia also desiro that an uniform system bo adopted with regard to the transmission of lottery and gambling circulars. One of the colonies is at times inundated with circulars of this kind, nl- tliough its own laws prohibit the transmis- sion'by post of printed matter concerning local lotteries." ?New Zealand will not be alone in seeking separate representation nt tlie international conference. Cape Colony und Natnl, in one group, and tho Orange Eiver Colony and the Transvaal, in an other, aro also seeking separate representa tion. Their claim, as well as -that of New Zealand, will be championed before the con ference by the British Imperial delegates. The Prime Minister had la. prolonged con sultation yesterday with Captain Collins, Secretary for Defence, and Colonel Bridges, the Commonwealth Chief of Intelligence, with reference to tho visit of the \ last- named to England in connection- with tlie scheme of Australian defence. Colonel Bridges is now fully seized of tho views of the Government oil all vital points. It has long been recognised that if any thing is to be accomplished in the direc- tion of making our idle land available for I settlement, it must be done without the | assistance and over the head of the Minis ter of Lands. The Premier has been look ing into the question himself, and as soon as the holidays arc over a sub-comniittco of tlio Cabinet will give continuous atten tion to the subject. The Premier yester day had a number of land matters under consideration. Mr. Cussen, M.D.C., on behalf of Mr. Morrissey, who is ill, waited upon Mr. Bent, stating that Mr. M'Lecd, Minister of Fore3ts, had promised that 10,000 acres of Moormbool Forest, about '30 milc3 from Bcndigo, would be made available for - selection. Ho represented that numbers of people would have to leave tlie district if they could not got land.' Mr. Bent leplie.l that if Mr. M'Lcod had made the promise, it would be kept. The forest consists of 119,000 acres, and the proposal is to make 40,000 acres available and to permanently reserve the remainder for forest purposes. Tho Premier has been informed that _hc land is of better quality than the Wyuna Es tate. Mr. Bent will shortly inspect 20,000 acres of land near Bendigo to which his attention lias oeen drawn by Mr. Bailes, M.L.A., and he further has in view 2000 acres near Warraeknabeal for which the residents say lliey will give £5 an acre. The method of dealing with these and other reserves is to be consider ed by the Cabinet on Wednesday. The question is whether they shall be handed over to the Closer Settlement Board or disposed of by the Government. it has already been decided to sell by auction the land around tho AVuranga Basm that is no longer required by. the Govern ment. Qualified lawyers have frequent cause for amusement at the legal opinions which members of the police force are so ready to give. The latest incursion into the realms of legal interpretation is that made by Superintendent Sharp, who has .just retired from the position of head of the Criminal Investigation department. Sir Samuel Gillott, who, as Chief Secretary, has the administration of the Gaming Acts, stated yesterday that he had observed that a contemporary had procured a "legal opinion" from Superintendent Sharp that the law was insufficient to enable 'two-up schools to be prosecuted, and upon that "legal opinion" the organ in question had based an article. "The article," said the Chief Secretary, "would have been all right if the opinion had been correct, but I entirely disagree with the opinion which has been obtained from Superintendent Sharp. I was not aware for e. moment that the police liat any evidence against two-up schools upon, which prosecutions could be based, and if lliey liad it was their duty to report it to the department. I say there is plenty of power, and there has been a number of prosecutions. The same prin ciple applies to two-up in a club as to any thing else." It'was stated recently by the Postmaster- General that the proposal to have all post age stamps printed in, Adelaide had had the beneficial effect of inducing the Vic- .torian. Government Printing Office to re duce its charge for printing by £700 per annum. In a report to the Premier, tho Government Printer says this statement' is absolutely incorrect. In 1887, when he reorganised the department, it was evident that some alterations could not be carried out until the heads of two or three depart ments retired. The Stamp department was one of these. In March, 1900, when the classification committee visited the depart ment, he recommended that the salary of the successor to the office be reduced. The head of that department, who was particu larly deserving and efficient, retired on 30th June last, and then only was it possible to reduce the cost of production. This was not completed till the end of July, and on 1st Auaust last tlie lower rate of 3?d. nor 1000 stamps was charged; The Adelaide Stamp Printer maintained that if he had the whole of the postage stamps to .print for tlie Commonwealth he- could pro- luce them at the rate of 2jd. per 1000. This the Victorinn Government Printer (Mr. Brain) denies, and states that the paper alone would cost 21d. per 1000 stamps.. In concluding his report, Mr. Brain states that "the man who affirms that he can pro duce the finished article at less than the cost of the material is certainly not pos sessed of much knowledge of what he is talking about. And yet this is the adviser in whom the Post Office has implicit faith; so much so that it has been striving might and main to put the printing of the whole of the stamps of the Commonwealth in his hands. . If the Post Office succeeds in so doing, the result to the Commonwealth will be most disastrous." The application of the decision of the Minister of Customs to bring the "insets" in imported magazines and other publica tions within the scope qf the duty on ad vertising matter will date from 1st Janu ary- An announcement that in future 3d. per lb. would be charged on these adver tisements was made some months ago, in order to give magazine binders and agents in England and America ample notice. In administering the duty the' Customs de partment will have to depend to some ex tent on tho good qffices of the postal officials. For the guidance of tlie latter a notice has been issued containing tho fol lowing intimation: — "Duty is to be charged on post cards, leaflets and other advertis ing matter imported in magazines and other periodicals, even if gummed in or otherwise fastened thereto. This docs not apply to the ordinary advertising pages of the pub lications in question, but only to extraneous or additional matter in the shape of insets or loose enclosures." At yesterday atcernoon s meeting oi in i , Commonwealth Executive Council the . Senate Committee on the ' Tobacco Mono poly was converted into a royal commis sion, with Senator Peaice as chairman. Tho work of the commission will be slight, for as a Parliamentary committee it con cluded taking evidence a week or two ngo. The draft report, however, has yet to bo considered, and tlie inquiry brought to a conclusion. Technically the Ecgistration of Teachers and Schools Act comes into force on 1st January, but it will be impossible to take effective steps to apply it until the bourd provided by the act .has been appointed by the Governor in Council. This board con sists of three representatives of the Educa tion department, four representatives of schools other than State schools, two1 mem bers nominated by the University Council, and one member representing the State- aided technical schools. As the bill svas not passed till most of the schools were in vacation and the teachers liad scattered for the holidays, the Minister of Education lias been unable to take the necessary steps for obtaining suitable representatives. Mr. Saclise will probably be able to make the appointments about the middle of January. The first duty of the board will be to prepare regulations for the registra tion of schools and teachers. Under tho Pure Food Act persons who prepare for sale at any premises, including licensed premises, "small" beers, aerated waters, cordials, mineral waters, or ico cream must register the premises at the office of the Board of Hculth. The maxi mum penalty for default is £1 per day. The act requires registration by 1st January next, but in view of tlie late passing of the bill the authorities will allow reasonable time. Water used, in making sodaavnter, lemonade or other artificial aerated waters or cordials for sale must he properly fil tered, or sterilised by means of approved sterilisers. No appliances have yet been approved by the Board of Health, but tlio object will bo to secure filters which with reTisonahly careful operation yield a germ- free filtrate. Aerated water manufacturers would, the health authorities state, do well to test their filters by submitting to n competent bacteriologist water that has passed through the strainers. From a number of erroneous statements contained in a letter published by a con temporary, there seems to, bq a miBapp.ro- ( i hension as to tho effect of the new Fac tories and Shops Act upon the business of chemists. It was stated that chemists must not work on Sundays, and the ques tion was asked how the public would faro when medicine was required in an emer gency. The Minister of Labor, Sir Samuel Gillott, points out that the hours of employes in chemists' shops will he fixed by regulation, which will limit tlie total number of houra per week, and will provide for a weekly half holiday; but there will be no restriction as to the num ber of hours per day, not as to the days per week, on which the employes are to work. There will, therefore, be nothing to prevent chemists' assistants. wGrlting on Sunday, and it is quite common for employes in the fourth schedule shops, such as restaurants, &c.;, including chem ists, to work on thnt day. Chemists can meet public .requirements on Sundays exactly as theyMiave done hitherto. Butchers' shops may be kept open to night until 10.30 o'clock, but no special per mission has been given to other shops to keep open after their usual hours. Com plaints have been made to the Minister of Labor that on Saturday last some butchers' shops kept open after 10.30, and he desires to intimate that if there are any similar proceedings to-night prosecutions will fol low. Some time ago the Government arranged with the Eev. E. H. Sugdcn, the master of Queen's College, to give a series of lectures upon Victoria during his visit to England. Tho Premier yesterday received a letter from the Agent-General, in which Air. Tavpmpr sta t.ed tlint. he had had two inter views with Mr. Sugden, and had consulted the Board of Agriculture as to the best centres to be visited. He had also written to the mayors of each of tho towns, and intended to do everything possible to make the lectures a success. Air. Sugden had chosen the slides, and ho (Air. Taverncr) had supplied him with a quantity of ma terial dealing with the resources of the State. In concluding, the Agent- General says: — "I have also given liim information wliich will enable him to refute statements which have grossly misrepresented Aus tralia. In addition to these particulars, I have prepared for Air. Sugden full informa tion with regard to tlie closer settlement policy and the cosy, terms upon which land can be obtained." The O'Donnell family, who were the vic tims of the calamity, at Sorrento on Christ mas day, have been left entirely without means. From statements which appeared at tlie time of the disnster, it might be in ferred that Air. O'Donnell was compara tively well to do; but while he was for merly in comfortable circumstances, he, like many other people in tlie community, suffered considerable losses, and for the last few years the members of the family have been dependent upon the earnings of the two sons, who were also unfortunately victims in the disaster. / Air. O'Don nell lias left behind him his mother, a lady over 90 years of age, who wns also dependent upon the deceased boys. As tho resources of tlie surviving members, of the family have been entirely swept away by the fatality, it has been thought that the friends of Mr. O'Donnell might come to the help of the bereaved widow ar.d ber two children, and steps will probably bo taken to form a committee for the pur pose of collecting subscriptions. In the meantime, however, anyone who desires to assist the family in its distress may send subscriptions, which will be gratefully received, . to the Eev. Dr. Gosman, Bur- wood-road, Glenfecric. Sir Samuel Gillott has received a report from the police regarding the complaints made that betting was allowed at the last "Austral meeting, but it gives liim no infor mation as to any persons alleged to have broken the law. There is a statement that some persons were licensed as bookmakers on the last day of the meeting by the officials of the club, but no statement as lo any person vtho made bets. He' lias' re turned the papers with a request for par ticulars as' to persons who made wagers, and on receipt of thesb he will be pre pared to act. AVriting from London, Air. Taverner has .informed the Premier that the various grocers' associations have prepared a ques tion to be put to candidates asking whe ther they will support the appointment of a select committee of the House of Com mons to inquire into the various forms of the adulteration of butter. He adds that great attention has been paid to a pamph let issued by Air. G. T. Wall, a director of sovcml large companies which. 'Handle dairy produce, in which lie describes the pro cesses of manipulating butter and the pro fits which' result. The Danish Govern"- mcnt has passed a law dealing with tlie manufacture of margarine, and providing for the addition to all 'margarine of some substance by which its presence in butter could be detected. "Through meeting members of Parliament," says the Agent- General, "I have been afforded an oppor tunity of strongly urging that similar legis lation to that of tbe Danish Government .will have to be passed in England, iu or der to give/ protection to the consumers as well as to the exporters of pure but ter." "With the object of bringing into effec tive operation the provisions of the Tru ancy Act it is intended to call a confer ence of the executive councils of the hoards of advice and the members of the truant officers' staff. The new law requires that children' must attend school. up to 14 years -of age unless tkey have the standard certifi cate, and in future prosecutions may take place in regard to a default in attendance during any week. Formerly parents could only bo prosecuted at the end of the quar ter. The new obligation is that a child must attend eight school meetings out .of ten, counting two school meetings to each day. The .celebration by the Jews of New York of the 250 th anniversary 'of the settle ment of their race there (writes our San Francisco correspondent, under date of 23rd November) has served to draw attention to the extraordinarily laige aggregation of them in the great American metropolis. Their number is estimated at 700,000. Never before have so many Jews lived in one place as now make their homes in Now York. There are 28 times more Jqws in that city than there are in Jeru salem. One person out of every six in New York is a Hebrew. Half the Jews in tho United Stales live within the borders of the city. Immigration figures show that of tbe great number of Hebrews coining to this country from Europe five out of every six stay in New York. In the twenty years prior 4o 1004, of the 094,172 Jewish immi grants landed at Ellis Island 501,181 settled in New York. In New York is noted a decided tendency on the part of the younger American born Jews to abandon the observance of the religious rites of their fathers. It is estimated that 10 per cent, of the native born Jews are either avowed sceptics or have accepted some other reli gion. A consignment of valuable sheep arrived in splendid order by tbe Liverpool liner Runic at Port Alolbourno yesterday. The animals aro tbe property of Air. C. A. Oliver, of Wiarragul, Gippsland, who was a passenger by tho vessel. The flock totals 19, and ectch lias a pedigree. One is the English Southdown champion ram; six others are prize Southdown ewes; two Shropshire ewes are the pick of leading English flocks, and 0 balance have been "selected." ' All the sheep are two- tooth! The transfer bo the staff of the Common wealth Auditor-General of members of the local uudit offices who are doing purely Federal work in four of the States was authorised yesterday by formal Order in Council passed by. the Federal Executive. Two of the Steltes still withhold their con sent, as their Premiers apparently desire to maintain a h old over officers who no longer do State work.. It is expected, how ever, that they, uwill soon, pogae into har- mony with tlie rest of the Commonwealth: 7 and end an inconvenient system of divided ( control. J / ''We have had no eases of friction dur- H ing the year, and this is a model court in that respect," remarked Air. Sunders, J.l\, i in acknowledging the compliments of the season from Alcssrs. W. J. Tucker and 3. Stephen, on behalf of the liar, al tlie Carl- s ton court yesterday. Tho chairman also , ': expressed the bench's appreciation of tho manner in which the clerk of tile court (Mr. Cormick) and Serge-rut Nolan and the staff of men under mm had carried out their duties during' the past twelve: montliB. A few years ngo Carlton was in fested with "pushes" of tho worst Fea sible' type, but thanks to the energy dis- ' .. played by the police, and the cxcmpliry punishment meted out to offenders by the magistrates, it has now come to be re- garded as one of the most peaceful and r law abiding of the metropolitan suburbs. During a recent visit to Kyneton tlio Geological Director, Air. E. J. Dunn, in spected the outcrop of granite at Black Hill. In a brief- rejiort he states that tlio granite rises for 150 feet above ttlie sur rounding country, and groups of conspicu- j- ous tors are promiuent laud marks for- miles around. The granite, however, is of coarse texture, and not suitable foy the better class of building. Tlio New Year's day arrangements of the Tramway Company appear ill our ndvertis- J ing columns. Early cars will be run the same as on Boxing day. A special service of cars will be run on tlio Richmond line, ) between Spcncer-street and East Alelbourne |- to meet the traffic to both the intor-Stato I cricket 'natch and the races. Attention is if drawn to tho cheap way of reaching the il Flemington racecourse by the North AIcl- n-. bourne cars. The service of cars on the Esplanade and South and Port Alelbourna lines will be largely increased, iu order to accommodate the visitors to the beaches. The last cars on all lines will not leave Ilia city termini until midnight. A special train, carrying tho Scottish. Regiment and friends to tho Highland, gathering and military tournament at Gee- long, organised by the Comuun Na Fcinne, will leave Alelbourne at 8.25 a.m., and re turn at 10 p.m. on Monday next. Tickets will be obtainable at Allan's, and at Spen- . ccr-street on New Year's morning. The "Alolbourno, Suburban jnd Country ' Directory" for 1900 lias been issued from the office of Alcssrs. Sands and Al'Dougall. Tlie work shows considerable enlargement on. , j previous issues. The ' Alelbourne and. .. suburban sections contain tbe street, alpha- ' betical, trade and professional directories of Alelbourne and suburbs, showing every tenement witliin a radius of 10 miles froin.( the General Post Office, together with Gov- r eminent, ecclesiastical, municipal, legal and other usual miscellaneous information. The ;? country sections have been largely added 1: to, and now contain street, trade and pro- | fcssional directories, giving the names of all k the professional mon, persons in trade and storekeepers in 400 of tho principal towns j and- holiday resorts in tlie State, being 1-13 more towns than arc given in the current ; year's issue. Tlie book bns been brought up . to date -in every respect, and will prove most useful to all professional and business men in the country as- well as ill the city. The maps published with the work are on this occasion to be found in a pocket at tho end of the ,book. There is a street map of Alelbourne and suburbs corrected to date, street maps of Ballamt and suburbs and Bendigo and suburbs, and also a good map of Yictoria, on which are marked in red the 400 country towns -which have been visited by the company's compilers. In the Eoliae Potac (King Country), Nciv Zealand, great dissatisfaction is said to exist among European residents with re gard- to the prohibitive liquor law. Tho \- railway authorities will not carry "lubri- cant" south of Te Awamutu; but the aver age -King. Country resident will not be de prived of all. coqifort, and there lias, there fore, arisen a new class of people, locally, known as "missionaries." The "mission ary" takes a day or so off from work, and goes to To Awamutu for a supply of liquor. So long as lie has it branded with his name and address, and marked "for private consumption," the constables in the King Country cannot interfere, and tlie railway authorities raise no objection, pro vided ilMs not sent ns freight. The railway, law only puts tho settlers to extra expense and inconvenience; but the mnnncr in which they "get there" may be taken ns a sample of the ingenious methods adopted to defeat the benevolent intentions of those who would "rob a poor man of his beer." Tho endurance of some animals is very remarkable, but an incident related in Thursday's issue of tho Adelaide "Regis- tor" must go very near to establishing a record in fasting, for fox terriers at any rate. It is stated that nearly a month ago -,a small fox terrier dog wn3 missed from his home nt Glanville, but as the little fel low was in the habit- of scouring tlie sand- hills in search of. rabbits, and would fre quently remain in a burrow for several hours at a time, no notice was taken of its absence. When two or three days liad passed and "tlie animal did not return, tiic owner and his wife began a search for it. After a little ovef three weeks of patient tailing and listening nt the openings of many, scores of burrows they wore reward ed by hearing a faint whining noise com ing from -one of the warrens.- They were not long in getting to work with pick und shovel to try and release the creature, which had become entangled in some roots and could not free itself. They were suc cessful in , -extricating it alive, and with turcful attention tho dog has almost re- covered, although at the time of its rescue there wias not much chance of it surviv ing, as its' bones were nearly through the skin. It existed in the burrow for over tlirce weeks without food or water. There are certain groups of capital let ters, such as . Y.A1.C.A., W.C.T'.U. and niany others, which can easily be recalled, are well recognised . and require no special interpretation, though waggish mem bers of the community sometimes supply words not altogether in keeping with the objects of the associations for which the loiters stand. Airs. Harrison Lee, the tem perance advocate, in talking about the aims of the British Women's Temperance Asso ciation, related thnt two boys were once studying a poster bearing the letters B.W.T.A., when one of them inquired, "What's it all about, Jim?" "Oh, its about some nice women who have come here," returned the other. "Nice women! Yes; hut what does B.W.T.A. stand for, Jim?" persisted the first. "I don't exactly know," Jim confessed, "but I should say B stands for bread, W for wittlcs, T fur tarts and A for 'am." When the keleh Active was about thrco miles to the westward of Largs Bay jetty on Wednesday, Captain Angclenowieb picked up a centreboard boat, 12 or iJ feet overall, painted stone . color on the outside and chocolate inside, with the word "Yuuta" carved inside the stern. The boat hatl a Hole in the port bow- evidently only recently made, and wis floating gunwales under. On being hoisted out of tho water three fishing lines, live or six dozen fresh cockles, a bottle of beer, with tinfoil intact, and a new enamelled plate were recovered. The rowlocks ueie in the rowlock holes, but no oars acre to be found. A lantern witli a /fresh c-aiidle in the socket wns also discovered. There was nothing, however, to indicate how or when the boat came to be where it eras, but that it liad been occupied only a shor. time previously tlie beer nnd fishing ,r gave ample proof. Captain Angeleiiouic i took the earliest opportunity to report t.ie matter to the authorities, but inquiries nt Fort Adelaide failed to lilacc the own ers. Amongst tho projected now Imperial taxes in Germany are taxes on passenger tickets on railways and inland steamers. In consideration of the competition from abroad, no extra : taxes , trill be imposed ou 