DAIRYING HERE AND THERE. The following are a fow jottings from a conversation with Mr. Carl Anderson, repre senting, and bead expert of, the Crown Cream (separator Company,. Stockholm, Sweden. Mr. Anderson is making a tour of Australasia, and arrived in tho Commonwealth about ten months ago. Since then ho has been mostly engaged in New Zealand, Queensland, Tasmania, Victoria, West and South Australia, and now lately had a trip through the Richmond and Clarence River districts, arriving in Bellingen the beginning of last week. After finishing this district he will pioceed to Melbourne to attend the an nual show there. Mr. Anderson has been in Now South Wales before, having left his native country, Sweden, two years ago, when ho also visited New Zealand, Argentine, Brazil, and Eitropo on his way home. Tho company which lie represents has its works situated some 25 miles from Stockholm, tho capital of Sweden. It employs about 350 meu, aud its output laBt year was over 30,000 machines, including hand, turbine, and belt driven separators, with a capacity of 9 to 510 gallons per hour. These separators are well known in iho dairy districts of tho Com monwealth , where they arc used very exten sively. Mr. Anderson, wliilo he was in Bel lingen, besides showing and explaining a most compact working model of his separator, gave, to an interviewer from this journal, an interesting account of his travels to tho Argentine Republic and Now Zealand, and described some of tho conditions under which tho dairying industry is carried on in those countries, and also in Sweden. In regard to Sweden Mr. Anderson sayB land fit for dairy ing is worth from £50 to £60 an aero, the holdings averaging perhaps 80 acres, each of which carry from 30 to 50 cows, in addition to other stock. Although perhaps not so much heard of as the Danish, butter from Sweden has been known to tho English mar kets just as long as that from Denmark, and it fetches top prices. The system of dairying carried on is mostly by coperativo factories, in places both cream and milk being received. Where the milk is received tho supplier gets back 85£ percent, of skim milk. The factory manager vory strictly enforces his right to refuso milk or cream which does not como up to the standard, or which he has reason to beliovo has beon contaminated in any way, and this is quickly followed up by a visit to the farm supplying tho milk, so as to lueato tho troublo. Particular care is taken to seo that all cans and other utensils aro kept scrupulously clean. Before being milked the cows udders are washed and then wiped dry. As a rule girls do tho milking in Sweden, these also assisting in summer with tho hnr vesting. The southerly part of tho country is especially suitable for dairying, the land to tho north boing mostly timber, and iron is also produced there. Tho Shorthorn, Hol stein, and Ayrshire breeds are mostly kept, und during the summer months aro kept out in the pastures, whore thoy aro as a ru.o also milked. For eight mouths of tho year all tho cattlo are housed in comfortable barns, gone rally with conoroted floors. Especial caro is taken to save tho manure so as to keep up tho fertility of the farms. Tlio sugar beet industry is of great importance to tho coun try. Tho refuse of tho roots is carefully saved, and is takou back by the farmers and mixed with chaff, on which thoy feed their cows. Tho cattlo aro also given hay, straw, bran, aud different kinds of oil cakes. Tho Government has assistod tho butter industry to a vory largo extent. Experts are appoin ted to grade tho butter manufactured, and if any factory turns out a poor quality an oxport is quickly despatched to investigate the cause, so that a high standard may be kept up. Tho Government, and also tho different agri cultural societies, present prizes for competi tion uuiougst tho factories, and gratuities aro given to factory managers and othors who turn out a superior brand throughout tho whole yoar. This system of encouraging caro and watchfulness in the factories has dono much to improve the quality of tho butter produced. Cleanliness, in Mr. Ander son's opinion, is tho first and indisponsible condition to obtain good butter. That, ho says, lias beon the guiding principle of tho Scandinavian butter- makers, and all those desirous of producing a tirs' -class article must also make it a guiding point. Turning to tho Argent ino. M r. Anderson remarked that it is without doubt a very fine country. Tho climato is good, and one can travel for days over perfectly lovol country, covered with abuudanco of grass. Ono thing necossnry to make dairying a success is population. The Government recognises this, and is doing its best, to induce immigration, by offering frco grants of land and free travelling. When Mr. Anderson was in Btienos Ayres the Royal Agricultural and Pastoral Exhibition was in full swing. Hoie two of tho .loading separator firms oxhibitod eomploKT worlcing dairies. , Ono of tho finost exhibitions of Btock ono could wish to boo was also' on viow hero, many imported ; but a largo porcentago wns the progeny of imported stock, bred in Argentine. Shorthorns, Ayrslnros, and Holsteins wore mostly represented. The dairying industry is going ahead wondorfully of Into years iu Argentine. Tho introduction of good cattlo wus duo to private enterprise, and' tho natural conditions of the country, I together with tho methods adopted and tho dotonnination displayed by the peoplo to turn them to advantage, aro responsible for tho proogross mado. Big lauded proprietors lot areas of land to those desirous of tuking it up talf the progeny. Suoh in briof is tho system .vhicli bus been adopted in Argentine, with gratifying results to tho country iu general, [n Now Zealand tho dairying industry is Nourishing, and with tho great help of tho Government has gone ahead wonderfully of recent years. Tho system adopted is much. ;ho somo us that obtaining in Swedon, and ;liere are many experts giving tlio dairy far mers a great deal of assistanco. Tho country s beautiful, aud has an abundance of fresli. ivater and good pastures. A number of largo estates havo beon cut up and devoted to mixed farming, which has mude a great dif ference to tho districts concerned. Tho buttor manufactured iu Now Zealand is quite equal to that produced iu Scandinavia. Tho reason it docs not command tho same price is that Iho Scandinavian article has been on the markot for many years, whilst tho Now Zealand product, boing a more recont competitor, has not yet had- timo to reach, tho Bamo high standard. Howevor, this is only a matter of time. As to dairying in Austra lia, the industry has been progressing rapidly in Queensland during tho past three years,, and it would not be surprising if she should bocomo one of tho most prominent dairy ox porters of the Commonwealth. The climato is a little disadvantageous, but thiB obstacle can easily bo overcome- by refrigeration. Victoria, being one of the oldest established dairying centres, lias some fino factories, and tho industrv is on a sound footillLT there. In fact, if if wero not lor dairying, some of the districts would bo at a standstill. Tasmania has not paid tho same attention to this in dustry, principally because of the high prices obtainod for otlior products such, as potatoes. Neither iu South Australia has much been dono, but they aro now taking up tho matter more and more. Mr.. Anderson spoke of what ho had soon of the Richmond aud Cla rence and Bellinger River districts as magni ficent dairying country, and had not any hesitation in declaring that whatever had beon dono in older countries could,, with all tlie natural advantages, just as well bo-done here. There is any amount of money in the industry and a profitable markot for tho pro ducer, and all that is required is tlio necessary energy and enterprise to push- tho industry in tho right direction to- turn its great oppor tunities to account, to tho numerous advan tages of the individual and the State as a wholo. 