ITEfflS Q BRIEF. ? ^ ? Until quite recently Patrick Quill, who has died at Macroom, Cork, at the age of 108, assisted in the operations on his farm. Rnssian newspapers declare that an alliance of Britain, Japan, and Russia is not a remote possibility, in which case Germany would find Russia less'powerless than expected. ' The Russian Social Democrats declare that it is their mission to crash the baneful tutelage which the bureaucrats exercise over the Czar. There has been an exodus from Saghalien owing to the scarcity of food. It is reported in Paris that the Japanese have already occupied the island. The Russians interpret the Japa nese advanco north-east of Mukden as indicating a diversion preparatory to General Nogi's turning move ment to the west. Russia and Japan have informed President Roosevelt that the peace plenipotentiaries will meet in 'Washington during the first ten days of August. China wishes to be represented at the Washington conference. Russia agrees to the conference meeting on August 1. The French Premier nnd the Gorman Ambassador in Paris have had a cordial interview. It is ex pected that France will accept the idea of a Morocco conference. An order temporarily prohibiting the the transit of Moorish troops find ammunition through Algeria for use against the rebels has been rescinded. An officer of tho Russian Black Sea battleship, Kniaz Potemkin, shot a man dead who complained about the quality of food supplied tc the crow. The crew thereupon shot all the oificors except oight, who joined them, threw the- bodies overboard, and hoisted the rod flag on tho battleship. The corpse of tho soamnn was landed at Odessa, where 1000 strikers passed bare headed before it as it lay on the pier. A disguisod frontier guard, found near the corpse, was killed by the crowd. The inhabitants bo came greatly excited, and in one in stance a bomb was thrown with fatal results. The Odess corres pondent of tho ' Daily Express ' reports that late at night the Kniaz Potemkin fired a shell, and killed several Cossacks on the Quay. A general outbreak followed, rioters firing the ships in tho harbour. Earlier in tho day tho crowds had burst in .cries against the Czar and his Government. The crow of the Kniaz Potemkin threatened to bom bard the city unless supplied with ample provisions and. also exempted from punishment. So panic-stricken were the authorities that they did not dare to summon troops, fearing that they would revolt. The sudden death, from pul monary embolism, of Mr. John Hay, United States Secretary of State, is announced. Dockers employed by the Harri son line, Liverpool, have struck work because 7 oat of 35 foreman refused to re-join the union. The Churoh Army is appealing for £100,000 to establish labor .colonies in the United Kingdom for 1500 criminals and vagrants. Russian newspapers accuse the Government of illegally increasing the paper currency from £60,000, 000 to £90,000,000 a year. Rear-Admiral Niebogatoff and the commanders who surrendered ships after Tsu shima will be tried by courts-martial on their return to Russia. - The report that Warmbad, in German South-west Africa had fallen proves to have been incorrect. The Germans have routed the rebels nnder Marengo. The troubles at Erivan were due to the appointment of a Moham medan governor who did not inter fere with the massacre of Arme nians. When discussing the Aliens Bill in tne Houso of Commons, the Homo Secretary admitted that under it aligns could only be ex cluded in bulk. Single immigrants would not bo barred. After utilising the processes of Canadian law for four year to rosist extradition, two American con tractors have had a verdict given against them by the Supreme Count of Canada. A Socialist member of the Reichstag has been sentenced to three months' imprisonment for 'libelling the whole army' in referring to the Boxer campaign in China. Members of tho German brigade in China testified that soldiers pillaged, desecrated graves and temples, and outrnged women during the Boxer compaign. Tho German press persistently and untruthfully accuses the British press of inciting Franco to defy Germany. It is alleged in Berlin that, at the Kaiser's instance, President Roosevoldt has warned Britain that this incitement is the chief danger to the maintenance of peace. During an outburst of incen diarism at Odessa, tho mob devas ted the entire harbour. All the warehouses and five Russian steamers were burnt. For a time the mob gained the ascendancy, but later news indicated that the mili tary were restoring order. Des perate barricade fighting occurred, and in some instances the military refused to fire oh the mob. ' '.. Mr. TV. H. Wood, member for Bega, has been elected Chairman of Committees, by 43 votes to 32. The Governor-General proposes to pay a visit to West Australia in September. The Chinese* merchants at Penang (Straits Settlement) have joined in the boycott of American goods, The King visited Sandhurst Military College last week, and ex pressed confidence in the future of the army. Daniel Swan, a laborer, murdered his wife at' Invercargill (N.Z!). The woman was thrown on the floor, and her head battered with a flatiron. A departmental committee has dessribed fruit culture as England's only progressive rural industry, and recommends the establishment of an experimental fruit farm. A British departmental com mittee on income tax urges the drastic punishment of evaders, in cluding publication of names and addresses. .' The Simla correspondent of ' The Times ' states that arrangements havo been made to facilitate the execution of army reform in India without further friction. A bill providing for a fine of £20 or a month's imprisonment for a first offence for reckless motoring has been read a first time in the House of Commons. . Japanese Progressives are de manding that cession of Territory and an indemnity equalling the war outlay be included in Japan's peace terms. The sailors in the naval barracks have revolted, wrecked tho barracks and storehouses, and attacked the officers' houses Fighting and loss of life are also reported to have oc curred during a mutinous outbreak at Revel. Instead of Kuropatkin's system of extended flanks, Linievitch has arranged his forces with a narrow front, facing the Japanese advance. Japanese outposts are capturing the Russian spies at the rate of 30 daily. It is estimated that Linie vitch has 3000 Chinese employed at that work. The resignation of the chief en gineer of tho Panama canal has created tho impression that the scheme is completely deadlocked. New York newspapers suggest the construction of a lock instead of a sea-level canal. The estimated cost of the latter is said to have increased enormously. Four warships have quitted Se vastopol for Odessa, to summon the Kniaz Potemkin to surrender. If she refuses, she will be sunk. The transport Vecha has joined the mutiny, her officers being sent aboard the Kniaz Potemkin as pri soners. Eleven of -the Kniaz Po temkin's surviving officers landed at Odessa. ' , ' Thirty million pounds of tea have been released from bond in London, owing to the reduced duty. A hurricane swept over the Samoan Group a few weeks ago, doing considerable damage. Eight completed and 22 unfi nished bombs have been discovered by the pglice in a house near the Tsarskeo Selo. King Edward was the fiist foreign ruler to condole with Presi dent Roosevelt on the death of Mr. John Hay. All the ringleaders of the Jewish Band in Warsaw hare been arrested A great strike has begun in some of the Polish districts. ' It is reported that the crews of four battleships at Sevastopol have mutiuied, and that two of the ships have started to join the Kniaz Po temkin. A cloud burst over Guuaiuoto, in Mexico, with the result that the city was flooded, 1000 persons drowned, and enormous damage done. The Russian: volunteer cruiser Terek sank the Danish steamer Erincesse Marie in the China Sea on June 22nd. She had no contra band on board. President Rooseveldt has said that Germany's acts of courtesy to wards Ameiieans are fostering a friendship which is likely, in future, to greatly benefit mankind. The Transvaal authorities have decided to register as voters only such soldiers as possess private means, leaving it to the others to establish their rights. Three well-known residents of Dubbo have had an exciting ex perience. While driving in a sulky they were fired on by the police, who mistook them for robbers. Tho Chief Inspector of Mines has reported favourably upon the auri ferous reefs at Mount Boppy, situated about three miles from tli8 Nyngan-Cobar railway. President Roosevelt has an nounced that the peace plenipoten tiaries will bo M. Muravieflf uud Baron Von Rosen (Russia) and Komura (japan). They will have full power to negotiate nnd conclude a treaty, subject to the ratification of their respective Governments. The Indian newspapers almost unanimously support the Viceroy against Lord Kitchener in the dis pute as to the methods of army administration in India. They ex press the hope that the home Government will sufficiently modify tho army administration so as to prevent Lord Curzon's resignation. A party of mutineers, headed by the chaplain, visited the military commandant at Odessa, and deman ded that the sailor Omelchuck be interred with naval honours. No part of Odessa has escaped blood shed and devastation. The mob prevented attempts to extinguish the conflagration*. * A skeleton has been found on Abermarle Station, near Menindie. It is believed to be that of a man named H. Kluge, who has been missing over twelve months. It is stated that Japan intends shortly to raise a loan of £30,000,000 to redeem domestic loans, assist in dustrial development, and provide military pensions. ». At the inter-State conference of Postal Sorters' Associarion in Mel bourne, a scheme of classification was drafted, which it is intended to submit .to the Federal Public Service Commissioner. Sevastopol, advices state that the Russian naval mutineers killed the captain and all except five of the officers of the battleship Kniaz Potemkin. They entrapped the captain of the transport Veuha by signalling to him to go abroad the Kniaz Putemlcin. Then the Vecha's crew mutinied. The Arbitration Court, which has been in a state of' ' suspended animation ' sinco Mirch last, was practically re-openod ou Monday. When Judge C. G. Heydon, the new President, took his seat on the on the Bench, ho was congratulated j upon his appointment by the senior member of the Bar present. | Replying to a deputation of I Rand miners, asking protection I against Chiuese, tho High Com- I missioner replied that the bad I language used appeared to be the I sole cause of the trouble. Tho I Chinese were the offenders, but I Lord Selborne urged upon fcho I white miners to refrain from drink I aud bad language for the sake of I setting an example. I On his way to Sevastopol Admiral I Kruger signalled, ordering thoB Kniaz Potemkin to join the fleotB immediately. Tho Kniaz PoteuikinB replied asking the Admiral to comoB aooard Receiving no answer, thoB battleship cleared for action, keep-B ing the red flag flying. Both tlieB Georgi Pobiedonoselz and tlioW Kuiaz Potemkin signalled. 'WoB. remain here.' The rest of the HeotBl; headed for Sevastopol. Tons ofB' thousands ashore watched tlieB1' spectacle, anticipating a general!1 massacro of the officers of the fleetBA if a shot was fired at the KniasBj Potemkin. When the punitive fleetwn reached Sevastopol tho admirals andlj( captains held council, and resolvodMa to put the muchinery of the war-Bte ships out of gear. Some account»ta assert that the crew of tho KniaiWei Potemkin drank all the cbampaiqnaec and vodka on board the battleshipBioi On Saturday the mutinous shipfV1 sent] a deputation to the Governom'11 threatening to. bombard the city um;^ less it ''capitulated within -1S honrsl,|j A Router's message states that thmp, battleship Georgi Pobiedonosetz --?» Sunday sent 40 hostages ashore tAw ask the Czar's forgiveness fo» mutinying. The Kniaz PoternkW'.'s sailed away from Odessa on SatuS^ day. On Sunday she was ol ° Kustendji, in company with ? a fcordedo boat. Tho Governor (ffhec Odessa has proclaimed all danger me c % catastrophe passed, in order thfl'ulc the strikers should resume work. f r-na , : . ? . . fcyor \- -.. ? I it ? . Itot 