' Parliamentary Visit to \- the, Show THE :SPEECHES.: At the judges' lunch the president of the society, Mr. J. J. Hoare occu pied the chair,;: having.on his-rightthoe Hon. J. E. Mackey (honorary minister) and Mi. Carlisle, M.L.A.;?and-on his P left.. Messrs. Keniedy, M.H.R., and Hunt, M..L.A. After- an excellent U dinner, catoied in Mrs. Neelands' best d style, the chairman proposed the usual P loyal toast. Mr. H. White, vice-president, pro posed the toast of "The State Parlia ment," prefacing his remarks by con gratulating the Society on having attained its majority,.: the present show being the 21st held by the Society, which he might say was in an excellent position, having a consider able credit balance in hand (applause). In alluding to the presence of a Parlia mentary party upon this occasion (who had also visited the. butter factory) he -might say that, in his opinion, of all the acts of. the State Parliament none had been productive of more r good than the giving of bonuses in the establishment of the butter indus try (applause). The Hen. J.E. Mackey, who was r received with cheers, said he was glad to be at'Euroa to represent the State Government. Hey congratulated ;the sd ociety upon the auspicious conditions under which its show was being hold, e and the hand some financial posi a tion attained. One of the most pleas e ing features of his visit was an inspec h tion of the butter factory, which had been taken as a model for almost all the butter factories for the past three or four years (applause). Regarding the State Parliament, it would be s known from the Premier's Budget ir speech of the previous evening that e the finances were in a most satisfactory position. The treasurer had rather on under-estimated than overstated the 1e anticipated results of this year's oper )f ations, and it was fairly certain that 10 they would come out with a most sub sytantial credit balance, and he hoped In the State was now in for a long series is of prosperous years '(applause). No d sensational: legislation was promised, ,i. but the Government was bestowing all c. its attention -on purely business sr measures; New land legislation on to the model of the Danish land laws was being introduced, 'which would be the complement of our Land Act, and le would give the poor man a genuine g- chance of taking up land and securing er a living (applause). a Mr. .T. Hunt, M.L.A., on rising, k apologised for the unavoidable absence to of Mr. Morrissey, M.L.A. He agreed .e, with the remarks of the society's vice 13 president as to the value of the he Government bonus to the butter indus he try in its initial stages, and believed :al the present Government was doing its .. best to carry on the good work. Mr. se Bent, the Premier, would have been of present only that he had to attend a ir. similar gathering at Bendigo. In one sense it was perliaps a good thing that in- Mr. Bent was not present, as the evi Dre dences of prosperity were so prominent o that: he would probably set himself to tly "rake in" some of it for the Govern ie, ment (laughter). He thanked Mr. Da MiEkey and members of Parliament rry for being present at his request, some of the visitors having come at consider z- able inconvenience (applause). ist Mr. Carlisle, M.L.A. said it had ,rt been a pleasure to him to accompany ie, Mr. Hunt to Euroa. From the he Premier's speech it would be seen that ho the Government was endeavoring to og stimulate the State's resources and to :hs open up foreign markets. He regretted of that it had not been determined to in his erease the subsidy to municipalities, lee and would do his best to see if an im ny provement couild not be made in this ay direction (applause). M- Mr. A O. Palmer, President of the nd local Farmers and Property-Owners on Association,proposed the toast of "The I's Federal Parliament," coupled with the nt name of Mr. Kennedy, M.H.R. He ed asked them to honor the toast, not for ug what. the Fedor 1 Parliament had done ;al but for what it might do in'the future 18t (laughter).. For instance, it might i's introduce measures to induce more il, population to settle on our shores,' in a stead of making it almostimpossiblein as certain cases' for desirable people to in come in, He hoped these clauses in the Immigration Rlestriction Act would as be altered, and measures introduced Smore in keeping with the dignity and to destiny of Australia. in 'Mr. Kennedy, M H.R., who "was ro received with applause, expressed Ihis I extr'eme pleasure at being present, ve apiart from the respect due to Mr. as Morrissey, their member. He con gts. grattilatcdethe Society od attaining its 'n Imajority with such a substantial bank or balance. In reply to Mr. Palmer's rd remarks he might say that it was only in the future that we could fully re recognise the work of the Federal i. Government to-day. If there was a ss people on God's earth who had ereater. freedom than any other it was surely Australia, and all should be-?alive to Stthleir privileges. The- tdt-iPila- ,, ient' had done inuch, biht wheor the Is, Federal Parliament had attained its in majority it-would probably be founid Sthat it would have justified itself (applause). All progressive legisla It tion must necessarily lhe of an:eox at pbrimental character, and it was true ps that there: were some clauses in the e, Immigration Restriction Act that were c- not too .good, but the circumstances w-weire-:eculiar, as there were " three py arties. in the. Hobuse, :and >three re Goveriments had come and gone.in oe the endeavor to reconcile them. 1- Socialism, against which there was. so e .much cry iii certainquarters, was really it in force in almost every department in ia life, but the people should be" always rt on guard to keep political control and \- influence in,check, as in this direction e most danger lay. Ie was proud of h what had been achieved by the Com e monwealth Parliament under very e difficult circumstances, add he felt that e as time went on it would be found that n it had justified its existence (applause). e On the motion of the Hen. J. E. 1 Mackoy, a vote of thanks Was passed 7 to the chairman, anid tlhe proceedings n terminated. 