THE STATE POLICY 'W ^ .PERTH,;® am. Th* Premier Jlfr i Danish)' W e his policy speech last night to an attentive audience at Subiafeo. The spebch, which occupied three" hours, was of no very great interest, the main features having been fully discussed beforehand. * -thefjtjudget of works proposed, most, however, on the basis of Parliamentary sanction and official approvial after departmea. -*al enquiry. * . Of theee the foremost were :— Norsoman Railway. ' FJoating dock For Fremantle. Bunljury Harbour. Metrogolitan drainage. Magnet-Lasers 'railway. Guaranteed railway to Marble Bar. " On administrative matters Mr. Daglisih dwelt on the controversy as to departmental and contract work. He -gave the aspects of both sides of the question, and said the Government would apply each where it would be of most Benefit. 1 •' « On the water scheme , Mr. Dagljsh was not loquacious. He left this for the Minister for Works to speak on at a later date. Drastic retrenchment of the ( public service had been avoided as likely to cause, hardship. Land •* sett lenient was described as proceeding-.satisfactorily: The State baite^es .Were doing good WoA". - " „ •'. i" '• The/" apparent slackening ' in the building tra-Je was due to the keener competition among contractors and number of workers arriving from the Eastern States. Praise was extended the Immigration. Commission and the lines to be laid down in the agricultural districts Would depend on its report. ^Projected legislation inslnded :— An unimproved land tax with ex. emptjon. .value to £400. &nd; tiie ex. mptiori of all riofmvd. -purdbase l^jd. An income tav wiih an. exemption to £200 to meet thf goldfiejds conditions. A lax on totali-sators witK differential rate for proprietary club). The abolition of unregistered racing dubs' ~ •' - Local -option and liquor ref»rmi Old age pensions enquiry. Referendum on Second Chamber, . So far the general opinion seems to centre on the verdict that the speech is ail attempt to please all parties, and to provide discussion in the next session, so that a renewed lease of office may be obtained. In Labour circles the exemptions proposed on the unimproved land and income tax. prp- ]K>sals mef>t with opposition., "The intention • to wipe out unregistered rac ing is;generally welcomed. The works policy is criticised owing to its timid sponsorship, everything being left in a hesitating manner, with departmental ..officials or the Parliament. The full effect of the Premier's . • utterance will . be gauged next week when the proposals and the manner of presenting them have been better digested by the 'public. Hie first impression is. however, that the. speech is- not much of an improvement on the " famous mark time " • speech delivered when the. Premier took office. '. Httn-terU- box calf bals. (men's), . aV meek., in tJ!re<? t^es,' at '^./WJiie; worthy «f <a triaV: a3so - tlieir isafe-n bals. (sewn), without toe cap, at 12* 6d. are a-.hn>e wearing boot, medium and square to?-. Addi-ess. nearly opposite post office, Ha'jinan- sT.* 