to win. MnLiîOlT.M« "I am in the place where I an demanded of can Point- to speak the truth and therefore the? truth I pest., Inipivn it whose list." TO evitM-uPOM).'NTs Every letter must try and i in girls! by the name in! atï_r<*>»w» in an Mut i i in research for luMuJtK.ii hut .-. IL Isaac t f KCH. faith ( orr«-t|Kj|itK now. in a-.,. - of us inform the settler it Later I May 6 at -U I L-. A sent, to an.. tin r into paper lïsjix-tcsl letters cannot be returned, thanks and an 1um.sUtic._1 relates- < < Iraqi mine are all sure to learn (union of the 1 luiT, as this may not) he adhered to M real) lesson, (Rioting; is _?»«. It is very evident that "("General" Booth has come to the «niiilusloii That Australia, as rcprosiIILU by Its politic crisis, does not intend business In regard to Immigration. No doubt the unfriendly utterance- of millions of tiny railroad party and Um hostile races actions of the trade- nr.anl-atloiH June IKH'II telcfjriiplH'il in England. have hardly in so eyiilldotiti.il rt'i«)rtts have been forwarded by the hands of the army in Australia as in the manner in which the offer 5.1 -civil HOOD of families have been silvered events the first of "General" finish iii it be until In' set This himself in, .iiii.ii,'nnisiii to the InlHiui'iiig class In Australia in e, filling; out those visiting the look standing' at his conirx'litor- in the latter market. The offer by-, lion our. Ixi'ii unfitted lil I IlllMlllml thrill, soil It final remains to him -and that definite proposals that Kadwell inactivity halo match'. Up to the- print it It has shown itself divided and li«'l|di--s Sir John Sherritt -she arrived in bl- loneliest spots is Elliott liberally).' .1-.Ist.ltuc an i in - i liiirtr.intis but a -chain loti.trd-the close I of messsages to Russia has. But in put it if it' Illinois fruit li li I- followed with little time Profit roads in it is a in Tripoli Mr William him li i i>il«rt-«.ii (strong: air line It . rain tal Booth s -< PM in filling the Prime' Minister and import -i- i tom history of remarks on Hi pin of -this (îoiiTiiiiirtit« Mr li than him self li is. taking a skirmish in front of liiiml«,rtllni» In general health In- 15 -months with their' film finding that It shillings less restricted to extreme bills) interest In former capitalism- mi i -m ill since very properly in -li- lie It Risixl i is to net r should li the first arrivals in no. use -going: on- (In with his Bill.: United II 15 million to three in the city of Health-- should III Mr llllllll 10 till' ROll hills It MlMllll not do so against it In the war if there are - ntiment lil- determine in an Air pt minute But the list to His followers are in farming tellingly pro licensed I have! it Till h dls4..is«lon could be foOUSNOtl Illili a lion taken literally is- not without a \|>orlonii In tin in HP r of assisted Iniinliir ation Prom IN. 3 to area no fewer than ,i7tl'V«l assisted immigrants arrived In Ati-titilltt Hw -ihtomiinKilltn-oiitliiitotl In Victoria In insert In South Australia i in his' last In New Masonic Halls In the" Danish islands and History In traffic still ilTortl nn-IM.uiiv to Imml permits In a limited and, but! practically I M4- mill still MTstUll till- his 11 ills isiiitiiiinil for a (dearly r of a century-, Plus laundries thousand souls iiiinxliKi«iI to AtlRlnilli though the years ago pro halls account for nearly half of the Australian |)»piilittiou country If that prizes for students [Kill v Inch not wish inIopltNl In lin- i true during my despair them to ii ii railway line is a little more than half time It I- If it lies IKIII pointing it in the present It I- i m nth i no estimate to suppose' that In sad i o n H jmliiI end of four million-: Austrian similar lines has supplied by the h i i Uhl millions must Un merino president of the i rules millions avoid him In!! a fair thing that of the four millions line Iii similar our most prosperous- and profitable till one of his- time my pistol! in the Militia and 15 lines from me- In sent to \ii-Ir-illii The pi- ice current mother Him In topics was that it is e, home for killing; Immigration Mr decision in relation ulm lost and to bring out a friend or relative from the old country until spur lines from! the (internment II pih-siuv-r« ii a nun llllllll helm; for li limit in this city's million: units ml. Minna him a free passage in it min time of it meets with little girls (one man in Inn) on tinitiifi'ini in time the settlers relatives of the Immigrant still a portion of His coat (was in will no doubt, obtaining; it in turn to the article from the Imbil crime) and the Hon eminent pull the other morning This imminent find fruit- a little' to revive him, in place privation and work iirriuiKOil, Innioiir or not the times If it nulli |uiroit!in«> to his MICO nun me to bring out a friend or for the trial Uni n Hamilton and H Moullin Drama of litiiiilpriitloii uns MI a lion in a nforttiiiiiip!. H Im units units of On 1 third plank! of the public t ii platform of the period to put an (end to IIKHIMIOII linnilurntlon 'do with Joiilouxi ri'K'iiiiIIni» every new comer a hit his felt held trials OIIINN non men enlisting them. So they llfi-ulilui; In lieu of new blood in the "lopiHil may result Is Hill to Bill Alpstltlllil hills In about time in MM ample natural null ii hereunder jHiiwIniioii, while. He is, securing. tod want Meat atom flourish within striking distance of our shores Unfortunately we cannot, If we would, set the invigorating stream. flowIng Australia wards again by merely turning the political handle and raising the Hilve which was so unwisely Closed For the last slirtceH to twenty years The hills of Immigrants to Australia his pnittlcallvceasetl except in the case of Western Australia, Those who are horn have lost touch with relatives and friends in the old world whom In the ( early days of colonisation they would "both have introduced find facilities being offered The shorter and cheaper passage to the United States. lies in a noted the settlers in might have oh tallied Immigrants assisted encour four mail stored there, have induced! a Olives to follow to the utter neglect of Australia What is needed now is a vigorous and liberal policy to set the hills running to Australia once more No early every Immigrant prosperously w trial in Australia, will become an agent for the introduction of others until by and by the Government Mould is so little to do save grant assistance to those selected by this best of all means Is that stops will be the most allies i ult The Prime Minister and the I re usurer undoubtedly set ivlintistlio trade policy for Austral i to pursue but in much their t ills is on the right Uni s Min v (Nhlblt no strong vigorous and at the UKI do not succeed in bringing mc Cabinet into line and reprising position there The session is- passing rapidly on lovvntdH Its closely (he (li- vision of matters of little Importance while the comprehensive Immigration 1 Hu of the Ministry Milich Is to In elude the repeal or amendment of the natives labour clause and the unfolding of a comprehensive plan of exit I nous farms and (later in the back ' and unless rain IN immediately t ii on thou is little (chance of the do I am a li of utter barrenness bill, re UKI ed from the session v i st play s d s to In the Legislative k - visibly in He Mr toi i i Racing Club will recall to many minds no Incident will h or tirroiI nearly a year ago no U i on ning at C itilfliJd Cop that Mr Irons Munnin find on the Cup and a job I to contract near milled at the the r s club In Hotn ho sires t to once into the done several members of 1 parliament were present and Mr III as he Hill was proposed by one imminent I hour pollarding Senator I mean in respect. to to In second I 1 remains of labour northern territory 1 [tulle i It was only to be expected a fast that the Labour party in the li P nil me it should be sought to find, the Ms trial It King club It is UM of Its a fund to was put Mr \l roads i limitation- He struck,! thing that in tins Inn so much delay in bring a star subject 11 four p i rill mi at In 1 st nth Mr M r n S 1 timor di imparts a - a or a r p end of (15 Ir i in all It Uni to show Insistent- 1 the Ir I oats were fully justified li tin and oil n it was for it to In the to an lit with member for (yiilliiigviooil I innis moting the adjourning of of ! IIOUM to translator the roi me ps of the I is to the public li! in it was I villas ft um He saw echo of Mr Mill has housing and his party cut ! lu'Ut-stbat II iv is it ills mill one main bar of the public who was In their manifesto iv It Mr M ron 111 the cast front gambling monopoly s . , is,.,. a certain unions amiability and in on whistle it is h i Ib d against the Aulich is so much rain in [all the very great vim of an I their lives was that the millions of li in it is of an s t n lie Its right of n fusing to me, at nights of Mr Mine's hursts It is. absurd to kill cattle for the A ISC Is station by hostility to the public, and the di urge - so "ably in rib to Mr Hannah Mr M Irish and other 1 both in miners I would not that IHI n it and of had not j Mr. M rain s in rs. s I, on board d Mr Matt . port says This must have his in the general for life of each of his at me in I tions Parll muni- might never to him 'losses asked to increase Ixtvvcn i m. Ing committee and in Individual okvm in a matter of rating discipline Me doubt kind hand is that the Labour party out of (hair which in congress assembled at the M is in high morality harmless Doubt has pc to jus-, a lesson I tion njtprot ing of the stewards some of its representatives June marte In the i Mr uu lan laOglHlaiiie Assembly met] this matter It is somewhat oxtrnonjlirarj that there siKiultl is able to market drag a ends of opinion between the Metro ' pullum IVtrunl of M orbs and a special committee of this inunldpalltlos in his li It represents Mr IxKird itself is really a commlttee of the municipalities, and yet we find a body of deb gillett dotted by the Mine isiiiMltiionelt-t as they come IUISNIOIK re delTa ring from them upon fund inn near um lions of policy From latest is in its ninth incline Argus of Monday and restraint by the Lord Mayor on In half of the animals realities, uni In it- I burst in Mr V <. rit-tllbbon on behalf of the hard It 1- (pills plain how the disagreement has arisen The board finds under an oath I gallon to complete the resulting reformer blob 11 runs in up d to carry out I flatly r thin 1 no Its trials utitlnlslicU, It. Is pi i want to its I. Parliament for In I oversea borrowing and rating powers. The number IpnlHh is on the other hand, but of against tills t ilton fright at the cost of severing the whole metropolitan area 'They met with concern the protest of Increased i barges, and are anxious to (curtail the iKvnrils expanded into a von to the extent of leaving M'll linesmen and other 'outer" districts prisonered The Board. In short, looks first to the cattle of the public health kk into the municipalities, or it may file a in portion of them are inclined to consider before all else the pockets of rntoimkors As soon as it became evident that the board could not get on with its work unless li but more' funds which are now lit ItS lllslHfall till BUinllllklklltll'S of. cattle seized IN am to grow restive. They live in fine LIKE problems of In (Tt'tlHisl fission, will tonuoquoltllk Mt might kill HIP board, for direct action they theiiisolumiMi» ii'»|KHinllili' The rein was a tin tub to not um'Ihi board of lllrltllll ISH Hill I NtlllltlKlllHO. li III clear the land but!, at all lines boon Jmll lions in his training may perhaps be open to doubt him If It has been so startling in IM comeliness alleged who have Uti uuiiiliIpulltlfs not liistlliitisl inquiries in four trial initialled from their iiipusi'iiiiiilii» an account of their sti'ivaitlalilp . Pink little truths Ik 1th which uni iHWiil lines had to contend fatalities mu_i_lk.ik- itai_awa-na_--_-a. if not quite sufficient to account for its deficits! The heavy full in values which occurred, after 3800 made it impossible to raise the required revenue, at the rating originally contemplated In 1840 the surplus water rLvotme nun £81000 now it is some £10000 the assessment on a high rules and he struck this during the same period fallen from nearly 7000 000 to just over £!r>00 000 To (depreciation In the initiations is due the loss of Finance of power with which the board limit had to contend When first the situation was realised an attempt Inflated at South Melbourne was made to hit In judgment on the board s past but the most ardent afterwards developed into a practical investigation of the finances and li a view to drawing up a program of future policy The outcome has been a prolonged conference between a committee of the board and the spot for (Committee Mr up by the I must in fillies Unfortunately the conference has ended in a deadlock in- cause., the two committees approach the subject the one from the the metal and the other from the sanitary standpoint It seems a pity that people June entered upon a large scheme such is the M ivt ring of the metropolitan area and they should abandon it is Inn near ing the di and end just because of a comp Driffield mill addition to the animal a large On the tariff Miners and show ring He served age extensions to which the human Ipulitles now object would not mean more t turn an t Ntl t Id in the £1 ii while ill in the £1 would it any rate be needed to cover the current de return without them The question is win him It is worth while for the sake of the Id To leave j. ips In the system of smoriM It n intended to and in fact it holt seriously area as one mile line to pill may choose only the trials which would indict hall on 15 miles the interest on the apRil OF pi side dear then. the in land] tilling it on the Im "round of self interest it is, worth the, while of tin district which ' are now so well to pen a little more to han tin unsewered districts bi_ii«,lit under the scheme The cv-tciislons could make more secure than it now is the healthiness of the whole metro polit in in No traces should be left within the metropolitan area of a method of salt union with is not only out of date but I (llMieillt lo Uti wealth population and enterprise of a ( spit ii of world with reports like IkllKiirn Its rich pan r- should rise to Hit. "a line- of the occasion ; This lVn.ni-ul.ir and Oriental Co's Royal mail steamer China, will Engish mails to .«.r|»toiiil«i --1. arrived at Fremantle!,- from Stromlo .»i-tor,l.iy shortly after midday, and reasonings her inserted' a few hours later..-. She should reach Lies lies- on Saturday. and the M«-ib>iinn« portion of land- marks should be .11..«Lillie for decision- on Monday morning;:. (Grave apprehension is not by the ensuing ii«-ttir«'t« sat all the -latest recruiting! the trade union's li%n«l.iuou which has been in produced in the- House of llYpri-ent.itiie« In this IVikm Minute.. Whilst traction may! i,-t,-.-.li.v 11:-. Childs (S A.) |iri~««nt.-.l 1 |K-titi,,ii from the South Australian causing her to .ll.itiiii.iruiriia, while M.iii',1 limit -Your i«'tilioni'i-s fear that li Part VII. n." Uni Traill- Marks Hill russians, in the pi-.\i--.oiu of the -June mail has- il«-lriiiiiii!.il up for industrial and m.uitif.iitiiniii! rationing in Australia. and that in- in.imif.irunen. of Uns fair- Bill If societies ]irt'.tn!i«i'il and inspired in their respective barrister." Several weeks when the Minister of Trade and (sustain.- (Sir William Line) Itandnl 1 series of positions in I lie QiiM'nrliinl Sugar Expert (Dr. Maxwell) 1 wearing: upon the proposed to continue the sugar spirits. lin- Allinson has now- received the answers to these presses-, and intends to consider them in connection with the pen instead dull. It is intention to bring them rations tin-(ginnet shorts. In the IIIIIIROI AIM'ST li it is- .uiii.iiiniTsl li) the Tn\\_.uivr late- John Forrest that a immersion' would be introduced for the continuation of the IKMIIIII- "all the same terms as the art may prove ideas;" and it is not clear garnishee- the mph.- furnished by Dr. Mandell will be still in my alteration (of the Ministry's intentions. (One alteration is inevitable. They are now provided that the twenty mile run to suit all near pnsJuttsl fruit lines all which black locally This (will employers after a certain in the. Senate amendment of This provision will be made. The interstate mail provide for the continuance of! the luHinty till till. amiably firebell will be- introduced Issuing this end of the present month. Some of the federal members are not yet satisfied with the tariff protection on harvesters., for the addition of that al ford by the front railing of the enemy rear by the Minister of Trade and IV toms (Sir William Lyne). To-day Mr. Chanter (NSW.) and ask the Prime Minister (Mr. Deakin) whether his atten- tion has been limited to the fact that this lnt4-m.ition.il llan isar Company of America have assumed the price of their liam-strrs to well, "with the iron ed as most of capturing the Australian trade and crushing out the' existing, running- of the I'ommonMv.dth." He will further improve if Mr. William Hill River l'.irli.ittietit an evenly opportunity of granting- the United. with I the pen- of prevent IHR this organisation from attaining: their ends, and possibly in Whether: a serious blow to the Australian iiiatiuf.ieliiivr June LIKE I write number of milkers- now employed in. Jk'nt sail to morrow afternoon receive a ilepiil.iijoii from the Nelson Province entire alteration of the adoption of »teim-uintnr stabilised early mi the Victorian 1 talent is. like ilfpiit.ititiii will be in roll there'll be Mr. J. fire while Brown. M l"l'.. soil will inactivity members of the Legislative Ansi'iiiblv and r,-|ire.-,ii:.itiies of municipal and other ladies and the (-commercial Omelette' Asset gallon. The items of motor-trains is also. stated 1«II_UH« of the present slim «|H->>IIH of truth in the peninsula and in order to cheapest prohibit church, The motor and wtty-s'jr H) Stern has been adopted by mine rous («jinp.iiiii-i in Great Britain and the river.-, and the Smith Aii«:r.ihiti (modern ment has iiiil«'r«,l a earth this ilhir.ieter for most "of the' Mt. (tin. faiiRii hung. Mr. Drysdale Brown has obtained plans graphs of iiiot4»r-<«.iiN and rations which are usual in Ktigkiml and literary, and han coal leases a RTisit dtNil of information on the tpioFtuon. Notice was given by the Chief Secretary (Sir Samuel Bellotti in His ].<>t;:islativ<> As assembly jspnloriln.v of his intention to move line A line of i'lOO should be fixed as the maximum ('ati-s-nilitiirr to be arranged by the Royal] i«omi!!Í»»saon appointed to inquire into the coal'iiiiiiini: failure' in Victoria. 'the (accusation put forward 'by Mr. Bent that the lat-iriiOativo AK-sftnlily should meet on Friday did not finish with approval of iiii'iulierii, and iMnsniui'iitlv it has been iilitiitdiitH-il in favour of early HEIFERS in \Vt- dirt>*lav sail Thursday- afternoons. In the l«'«i"-kiU!v Assembley ,v«-su«iil:iy Mr. Bent said he found, on rouxnltatiiin hills nit'ittlK-r«, that it should be ¡iiitiiiieiiieut to insert all Ireland. and has still' one of the intestines In more fully time for the re . Friedlander' of' li"' invasion the finals meet! on Tuesdays at half-past 4 o'clock as at present, and on Wtsliiesslii.»« und 'riiiirivl.i}« at 3 o'clock. and that no fresh humanised except the piwlpcinetiienl of betting. on the notice payer \»(> takes till half-past HI o'clocK. 'His proposals, which will only five ItniirsT' additional sitting! time each week, is 'more likely (to his iieiviilahli» to the House fine rally than that area Friday morning. A petition of uncommon appearance was ni-MClatsd to the He use of llt»|_»M*nU.i*MJ i ki) It was on a strip of calico measuring 32 yards in length, and here HO signatures 'The petitioners were million residents of New Guinea of Jàiiiopinti (recent, find price for electric rtpriticntiitinn on the Papuan Conn ell and the light of trial by jury 'They asked that portions giving these put in eggs should be inserted in the Papuan Constitution Hill The petition city is served An important nut trees in connection with the supply of our i tIioii«iti(l pounds is still of ( ration pipes Tci(itiii(l in connection with the improvement of re their airmen shot at it JJiiithgo all (along has been entered into by the Department of Water Supply 'Ihi mtcceaviiil tenth are are Messrs J Danks and Son in the price is LI 074 J of 'the soil, is to lit pushed on with, so that, the pipes may be late before the hot season comes on It has happened several times recently that persons charged with criminal) offences June pleaded guilty it police court but have ttncNpectiHlb pleaded not guilty when presented at the i»ii]ireiiit' Court Criminal Sittings or ( part of (cement say more on the Mine t rings with the con- (inches from the Crown pri editor him he is obliged to ask for an milk is witnesses, line not being stumm nut and other news a win preparations must DI till white uses of this kind in theory if jester I do I sittings of tin ( nunn in Court In and is, Unit of behind (the gun in j charged with having the room prosecutor a (Mr 1 mills in KC ) maintained that they turned into pleaded guilty it tin lined Court ability is not guilty in the last General Sessions and written a letter on Noient , her 0 to us that he stood I picul guild it (In pie cut ( t final -return- to it is oh it had had an inch 3 o i ( has been stated that on tin i hear his solicitor in a mill plant and guilt i The (Inn relative elm n in on the I t h i mind a tumult in the race is nil c I for In Mr linln-on nil n h n of a rug recent keen Hut j ships it would be is still it pier is near at i r I I am etc made on hand He him all I knew of difficulties ml ,\| list being as I c stone I specially initiated pi i c- i witnessess Intl to be 1 r must get distin c Of course on 1 n i I . i it I pit d not go lit at any time li u u mm, nable, too, that the end of place might he defeated In I Finch re estate of juice as- it might be 1111 possible to obtain money 1101Vss.il! for a tail, but it has had been allowed to do more without obligation to come again to court, because this denote person him pleaded not guilty at the form r even when spoken to after his arrest the nut off the Attouin desired (Mr Diut-I point, I out that the lay at stood li on inside the garden so friends to allow an it itself is just in time militia at any time and I not put such a pi read in an arguable point Con of being a test of Commerce in ignorance of the hn willing to the offences alleged There is little fine -writing in the »lcpii'nieiil, nil 1 n m' to know who in springlike f. it the Perth left 1 Genet in 111 Pacific 1 Mr st,,,- ,., 1 p ) ", l". I,,,,.- "f is, Vie-eiititiie. its tri).al Mr star,., ), at school if a no true that temp to 3 Handy side She paid a n per lit Al- Ah-lin (lupin 111 -likely that he 116 m brig 11 'pin 1. upon their').. 1. mi! by far the oh l.li-io».ns| pint a mug from his u play timed I have n l- am a'. - 2. In the put in the Minister M] t her eggs n iv, 11 in obtained full as is usual raise the driving rain. h nil Inn liMiigiit unit has not,,' I Couple man. as. a, full mile by -rain.' for the 1,1.1, r- it I?, 1 huge. Russian llttle' fl Ut II In Lil. li 'II' Ill stay' at Ballina . Pamphlets n 1 HULL and In Mr s" " Mr. I mild- -rays me May -I. air line- (Mr M family and in use It- -is a? , 1--, ml li post. tt i it, is me and it must his till Uni 1. till I 1. ...piltllU'l' I . It station' He criticise my li 1111 The ft. several injured in the in a had in 1 le report-. 11 1 tl»'iui:ineiit iii Im. 1 .? at -5' to the its "I munition. shares to 1 1 . LU is >. 1 Mt sin,'" """"for a trial. 1. ml . up trip is to live up is once in 12 - . ' 1 and men workers and Mr M a I id. I sent thee In a im! P.epn-cn'it 1 assists the mining. III at 1 1 no 11 bind people of, - J), ,-l 1 1 "will be. irina l.it. In -I i . his. LIVE and. In me I'isleril Ministry there is no Maru \- died in hope and par-,. t, in the. House if Register it is to end at I n" Blue - t nth UK that till- -lil. ii t- pill,' Uni. In silence -in It is well ng seven 'tries ! 1 first 1 east till Ul tells a billie are the til 1 In the Ittonnt-Ci'ii« in the lifetime. of his opinion, the ( in a". still i offer '? all 11 11 him n is missing It .«.'s.imiiul line to 1st 1 1, v no telegraph line I. am on In- re' 1 in I Net! Zeil as! well as-. 16 but, LIGHT and ladies 'I hough 1 are unite a rush..- the Ina a mile in the Comm. 11 we. with to 1 still 1 mm i- HELLIER plain hint to an' been profitable misiliTil The 'MI set in to the . mr M L. -. 1 Gleniris iritioniMi 1! I -June! Setright 1 late A I out that those. who use thieving'.- is liner Austral 1 ml S. S sail nil and 11 one of those (I'm I'm', I the Co mm it aside It is- the latest prices 1 To establish the lurch-, were a,.' sin! Mr s,,,,. «,,"],| in an first rung his- head 11,1111 our men 01 Mt mind is not liable to Brennen: and men in- the 1 year s, and inn 11 11 and t rain tempted by iHnoaphcne conditions No it'giilitiniis hive has it been filmed under r ' of,.. Wireless Telegraphy li' 5s ton I will not is insistent until wireless to McTighe illicit .iii'iktal.h-li.sl lliisluimls late direct their wives and di bran and co '.. leasing lands are spoken of 111 stning n em- in the t lie: .lu>.ri,.» fair Inn .Mt.M.iil. It's. -all. shall entitle a. native of' a man which I limit r the Music" Art of em h is, in, 11 ' ion in first aid n le M sale of landed, at Tien nth. r reminders- of the Emu 11 late fire nt\ti»ioin«.l dogs It is it up When the thing that tin lagi.kttur. of in- i music in him do I r 1111111,1 0 bung -nth men to mount It Hill not allow it 1. to Ledge trial on them of young man to be L'.lt-lrtii.«l V and! H ltllt.lt thll'In'II I" In bl.aich min the general 1! th. still 0! Mich 1 than any claim (against me to the estimation of Sir If in the nt 1 persons The 11 transmit 1- long still ing but made a" law' 1 it till it to be mild- 1 stop. 1 bt husband. who 61. Mill play, rain fell . Thing. in the mi 1 is to be seen fit to break into rain in a! lo 18 intent li. imp! son ment < (visit singers in- mule In the future the) Senate Vislirilit with the business set down for iiiiisiilutitiiiti if it. (literary MS KIHI At I LIKE tin mines till long agenda' paper it is in the only at utmost Im ii. nail, said. Mr. li still remains 1,. he still.', has. 1. I. Hill illusing nee Lilla; will be held Hull nil.linx.il, it In 11 the north valley for 11nsl11.1l 21. guns will be d. it will If industry, the sitting will be maintained during the calling Attention to unite spirited the has no intention skill 1 Unlit made in the man of to industries will be in use and Millions in "grand Inn' and the fit Bill an angry plain. the Dwight pass for this Column of June cm nur it is lit at I. lining in mining law Les, iiitt.iittititunl must learn Luton, must 11.1I1111I philosophy, As 1 the Cntiliiie has «iht.lii.liip». to which and b. hinted to gaming and licensing m tailoring millinery ; the lliiNiui exhibition III agriculture, and He almost Mathieu i threaten in for, the diploma in uitlntcdiue-llie regulation running Ultu June when 11 Intend 1. upon granted. the degree' and diploma 111 11111.1. the Oliphant in an iii dial do little, the. sign 1 I lit 111 li. long, 1 It. 11 nal, incline illiberal 1 within tug, the Drama other ships, in! the diploma III mining and liietidhuyt. I here.' add minutes A plan I was LILLEY Julie.' been initiated in setting street for the casting of an Australian 1 kennel College, 11 been Limited has been, plentiful In this council In the inheriting of the Hill, and the I'liivt-raity. 'His mu, happened, at all as 11 fire gelatine in mu I northern mills and itipniiiliiieni title training at li it seems I'm must machine at. an all-in airlines and to, give us. a,, "|," agreed to. The Council of Astiuiltiir.il J*ilnc«iit-it yesterday had 1 ili«ui,»inn of the signature of opening stages nong ('college intimate ately. The author had been held met for Mine Works stating: the adoption of some scheme of agricultural education, and the careful, and 1 itiii.itlfiiiii! dear sister! Lilly, till all is in life He i'oliV|>e in November I, The minimum the authority b. state that, a half of the train starts directly incurred, Ulla. At the last lX>Ul-l) to AllOt, To station itata who are _a_«__t>-l Unit < .-??-?*».-.*'» desire to enter the college will receive notification that they w ill he expected to be present on the date mentioned The body of the Borung shire for A special print to assist in road building were placed in fine the Minister for Works in the local shire national less than main roads on which it has represented that depends, turn His mission wife those leading to I am at stations It was pointed out that a wind making in detail had to he carted some distance from outside the district and trust that the hours should he kept in better order, t ) enable farmers to not then product to market Last in the Hills Mines and 600 grant for these roads, and the Minister has asked tins as to the i iden- daring i mind Mr ( summons and he had only WNW to divide bets on the mu. Millie country lines, but could see the Premier about the matter!, to find if it u in possible to get an unnamed print for such loads is the deputation referred to I no hundred homes will be required for the South Union eom-tibtiliiy before! I share in light and the \«,'iiiiiltiiril department for a term ed from the Commonwealth (government a copy of a message le relating! to the latter four miles to the Go kirnortioneril on »»cpteinljcr -s from the Bluff ( oiniiii- sioiier for month events, 1 Johannesburg; In this the Commonwealth (I on main it is all id if it ran forward he thrilling in timber for the supply of three horse- J In i outillions are that the horses in to be landed at Durban inspection and policemen to be made by a representative at the South Ifrn in constabulary not later than 12 days after disembarkation 'the -with him in I just did not are to have full power to reject all in any part of the i unmeaning on the following grounds - Lily tintings iinsmtilnliti for the work, as that of londitKiti and father conformation I am size of the horse is to he from 14 i Hills hands they are to be from five to -ten u lease i! IM mill must be geldings, or mares the After being near the preferential ( information is to he for admits mill and not an di result Die stamp re the red is that or rural colonies the homes should be stout thick set man with (mighty, about tltrii-toiirtlis thoroughbred line must ice i m India is in stating; that there is is now! market for horses in south Amen at present It is not thought to be likely that is torn and he in a position to sugar mill nine of 15 horses required by whether or not in employ of the Hail ii of ilipirtuiint i runs i than the. statutory a million in ml streets from time on various right i um tie in this area in the ( round ( met yesterday morning? when i i i in in Empire mule and tuition to the. (first item (on John Makin) to be i writes I I In ( Chief Justice and ho til much the intention of the act Rovers met in butter- says that a person ulm stirred the public should not have I to -one on junta The act spoke of the units of the (preeminent and, though no ii ii son and are perhaps not situated tim m ml- of the (Government he considered that in principle the stamping m via IMI and to apply to such Therefore the spirit that should be cleared I certain police must priKi-otlint-s recently claimed public attention to the contract ||,«i-t allied with a In the House of severe pain in. the I'li- tniaKterUeiiiral informed Mr I after that did not have! the revenue to- use a I it is: plain, m, e" out-offices land ex. Sir deal Ulm i i I am- entitles them to lw fine. the into other ' office- Mr. Hills ( li it it is, stated that the receipts p i- le. Sith Hills," Post-office for 12 in the main: -i planted 'at once totally! i All In the County Court yesterday- Judge 'I'll', inn ii. ill with the is, in much time 1 M help a intim- e I I Madden and Co of Bill uncle -i, I I P. and W. I I-,"",,, n "d ". "j j. Sennitt and sailed , i Melbourne n , mining returns, i at ' I'm in no case in winning! of tin THINGS! I n i li s t i nr.. ment mr a partnership. I n pi visiting i UM added that he met the His till- I till I 1911 111 IVTilIllHlt the a. t I i i i stir ran put , work i at least is-, made like a per tin y not to an issue of the ( Flinn in "-his Ullin ii, Outipiin, carried.' on In winter in -ulna and Ida. felt in pursuits in the- streamlet be William ill but is. «-1,1,1,1 and made it- one must- II 1 - le l.-, lie, but the lie In I- I l n in ltd in lb tin de- in i i in in but until that in this: rule . units have had been dead a right uri i s tin is t and I want in and it is put to the m.- I ii II- i i i parent ship In a their of a i n in 11 the club ml IMS 1 ill in ! ! is in the t of that -Herr -stray in a ! the n in I III am pr seas it as a bird I i! I.- had for. it is lack of a |r iron 15 rest in li we think- the minister . i i s in r t t nature The defendants i i I 't s i i s in with a heel if am I ii I i Hill Irt'iin iiii.tnntttl bill t 1 at a t ii Tim' -i up, in her . . it n I iii Jan 5 On fruit I in in I I K. n i i th 1, one U I'm at his n . ill i h build a tea parliament in in in I 11 . me, not for iii. pi mind for they a ) a I a a a jury in it limit , - <? I I), i Arthur <' An ulture Ins i i intend li- of it!. it I i mills to I am in daily ii r I arrived on One Fund -unit. i have a try. li- ii II Lady Hil n t I a.- I I ' Hi In all part of li. I ii, , not as a ' 1st . i air on t o. n h t in m- t nil s ii at itKin. I>i.»m«-« 6th, i land air. and invite- all ' it is i I Uli i quite r late n I of an i I In I i a - i! i i i ' ran true of t.' pr I at. I .! lit, lil i lit II alarm a fire at t ,,- The in the fire in 3 inches I sold a man son all Jim (said Mrs. N ". i Hi ill. . fire . I 'ii funds of the A and I in a li I II in turn lost II 2, , in a - 10, r Main Applicant Oh all 1. miss a day's run mr Alan colour. In t m I I ml ! his' Mt fishing. 'in the 1 I am mad - unit of the self my (sin and ! "-in Vienna is. li lore is" to I "-t, him II and II) Mr I 6in- n k prices in I on behalf of the ( that I' t- of my t shire mine in . i II s n i M returns - an editorial - \- in it I am Million his premises li n i I in- a, Killin ii iv;. farms Mines Mr t uni um r its Charles l im I , um ml submit his inn- n nr n h I i. r -i man Cinch- lalit was In 1 in It and um mi In in the shares- of behind! it all I ditto ki t n met it in II riding -in the a share 17 he- Arthur 11!, non at the a- third mill r site MirmiM lit it in wan iv days still his n 16 and the ,( to-day on a. ut i . ill ! u idem e to hand and there had the ink I t> Vest still till it. i i as it is as the was brought: back ii i in print after i m intention I r!, I "I I... a milk Lifting him Mr. Pud nil-tin. i I In Miners I_IM»U!I and I mind, a new hall for the crowd whose death , ii I sent to me his wife had seen I Uni In married a useful and that the mm i of our i ! insists. on up to the info the land in, a, recent ink of moves. for a -li I am not at the um case in point t i t Its mines are full list is in and of a nut his i I union is that (Manila is in a, salt mill! i s uni minutes' imp criminal with bird lime Mu -i- power- lines rising and Co , is \- list will Lenin -in.,,,,,, Paris an I ( our if I I 'I was the Tuffin! near al tain on I r I s, e li lir . i i siilhliviiiotuil s I, i iii, is timely I -was 'the sale Hill mines. within m I mt. incline our .'. -t- II and I trust I L to. r n hands; Pi II s -1 the A I to r of mr rehearsals for- ! i miles- limit -' THIS i t . h sturt ms C Willis said ink 1 KIM form of a nun i at I n di umpire and permit iii the animal animals in li the kind n s I am min of all is in the side of all the if. I. line units' limit ! -"." rates will be in minis d In the same .,.', life He must in -t and if the Municipal and > I raise it is li mains unit at li o'clock in - in and try, to live in the mill at hall. Cob in size- t nil at 'I Is minimum! to-morrow at the, KIHI, hour Hun i n suit- in the board of the N, family Murray Lue Wouters of As a link I am I. . detail In the di it is of Mr l«l«» at Fimiston and Mr William fair!. In, her light in the harbour at find an. inn. westerly in the appoint- itinerant lit 1 II Miss r'irluni. master of the naval l kerosine Mr P T. Hanks. of h but lady is an 1 in Proprietary Limited. It may be. of interest to the noail-trrowerii in the 111 turn and North Western tlin Unit Uni In Itiillnn Comtiltiuioiirm, but still to win the main route of those do sum, is Herr! tin (in four sales, have, I am the i is no real me It will seat at 7. Jo and llmmlii stirring drama. the most sea » u In moving in a tin -full mast), and r i him; as he, fell v; fit I'.", Instructions have also full Kum li"" The 11 goods, main line Ittlltrnt mi I mind monument shall be di Inst at lillie IS possible, and of LESLIE,' and li nun led, ME that anyone minor, mu In the Adelaide utpniM to filling! his (without: silt- will be able to- let it be that of no lil i a club life. I (arising Frock, wind I I i s in a mile a speed that: the ss. Mo. i i) i li n. pi ice in Duke's nook. and i m m 11 in linings in parts and rub my lit ( V Mc Lean FIVE fine tin lined Ikik, although in at live longest in the inns! i returning and inner tubes virtually built in Van tain I had 1!««!iki In living frequently" during my or- fill in any means the largest tin, i i, I,] then had been dead) ball line Pa U ms t I run asks if a i riding in it up. I m h shall (lie link \- pennants In an, action to limit the time fishing requires hid in Inn found the house: in the, mile He missed mentioned the name of |IIIIII|IIIIK bill to be blackened Mayoral miles to audit,, the 11 ten convicted in electing M «neil.tko this is one. 'Ino Alfred dark fins it leaves our all of Acutt , II brightly lit the um are of Mill , in width at the top of fell and at the bottom of sMf. and a di pill of n area over the rail in Ion water o' fell and it militarist spirit titles of .'".! It is built of bluestone on lilmsxtont« foundation in a most »iilulmitinl treasurer-, Mr ha_ «Ts-utsiHrd marry An»t-«_ftM >is«_«t»l»i itot**4*«ní_i that Abyssinia ttMB, ____»1_ i the Orama, which had a dead weight in dock with her cargo of 10,000 tons In connection with the choral content at the South-street competitions to morrow evening, a special tram will leave Spencer street at 2 o'clock, conveying the members of Mr. A. J. I'nllett's choir, who are competing in the Kitton handy r.VMh will open the half yearly sale of work in connection with the Gentle- women's and society, in the Prahran Town Hall, on Thursday, or rather 26, at 3 o'clock. On behalf of the fund in aid! of the family of the late brilliant Dillon we have received the following additional aulw-rlnlh na -Solo. -I filled, a!'. ARCH , 11, Rev H A Britten (Hrmllgo), 2 0 For the fund to enable the I M C A to purchase buildings in Flinders street, we have received £1 (our "-Barrallier" st George's Jubilee Fair Carlton is being continued during the year On Thurday night Ulai 1 Hern Castles will loiilrlriile to the programmer. The monthly meeting of the Royal Air form in Trained Nurse,' V-nihtlriii will be bell in the Austral Salon this morning Today's auction sales are as follows -Messrs ' T It It Morton and ( hall, at Box Hill, cattle, horses, pigs, poultry, furniture, As-, Messrs. Burke and to , at their room, (Phillip street out of time pledges, hours. Ambler and Co, at Hindi a lane test, After) scale, none Jinker, James, A Miers It. K Vale and Son, at their rooms. Collins street, freehold properties at Carlton. Mr James I Ills, at his rooms. Collins-street, tions, hold furniture (live poultry. At , first Utan . champ Brothers at (their room., ( "theatres, household stimulant, Innili eight miles, As , All-age. A. S heart and Co it their rooms, at elllnt-tlrfct, country IHHI ki,lltoiime Wool Brokers'' Association, at liked Exchange, Rialto, Collins-street, wool, teams. Duncan was killed, at Mount Pleasant grove VrniitLle hoiir-cliold for Mines and effects, cleans CiniplH-Il and nuns, at Hill's Bazaar, horses Means season Strettle, and Co, at I inform lion Bazaar, liners Messrs Patterson and Sons, at the ir annis Collin-street it, freehold larcenies at Itltlimonil and Oakleigh, Plate. Sydney C Arnold and (li at Young and Jervois Parts II List St Kilda Cottage incinerated,. Sett afcaJand I ruin and Glenariff Agency Co. at their monta Collins-street, grain, Then William levers and Sons at Best street. North Perth-), house property). Forward. I I Dixon and Sons at Peel street, is editor, villa prop The, Messrs Ryan, Goulding, and (Co at their rooms Collin«-«!rev!, wheat, oats. barley Ac 