My. Wise in London. Ma. B. R. Wise does not approve (writes the Daily Telegraph's London' correspondent) of the management of Commonwealth affairs in London. " The way we are doing- things, he says, " is sheer foolishness. We want a High Commissioner for the Federa tion, like Canada. Just look at the present state of affairs We have the Agent-General for New South Wales occupying expensive premises iu Vic toria-street, and employing a large staff. Theu we have Mr. Lance, an able man, equipped in siyle in East- cbeap. It is further proposed to open an Immigration Bureau, which would make yet a third office. This is an absurd waste of public money, when one High Commissioner for the Com monwealth, with sub-agents for each State, housed in one office, could do all the work more economically and effici ently. Then Ihey speak of encouraging immigration to New South Wales. Do yon know what Canada spends on ad vertising the Dominion every year ? About £180,000. Bat it all comes back in the reduced price of her lands as compared with ours. The Immigration Department should be made, as with Canada, a purely Federal matter, and a sufficient sum set apart to accom plish satisfactory results. In the face of these recognised facte tbe New South Wales Government has actually, during tlie past week, taken a fresh lease of the offices occupied by the Agent- General in Victoria-street, and for seven years, too. We ought to have had a Federal High Commis sioner long before this." Another colonial action to which Mr. Wise takes strong exception is the despatch of an Australian wool exhibition to London." He thinks such a course is utterly futile as a means of interesting the British public in Australia. The wool buyers, the people chiefly con cerned, know all they want to know about wool, and do not need to be taught anything by an exhibition. As to the general public it simply neither knows nor cares anything about the matter ; not one in ten thousand would even go across the street to see all the wool ever produced in Australia. So Mr. Wise believes the exhibition will prove not only a blunder, but a hnge "failure. Last week's Sydney Mail contains a very complimentary reference to Messrs. Morrisev and O'Keefe's coach service- between Tenterfield and Lis more. It also publishes an illustra tion of the coach leaving Tenterfield Post Office for its destination. A female street preacher told her Lismore hearers on Sunday night to " wait until the Russians came into Sydney, and then they would see the number who would run for spiritual conversion." Ordinary life-boats require so much space that crowded steamships cannot carry enough of tbem for both passengers and crew. They are also liable to be staved in launching or swamped by over-crowding. It is claimed that the Englehardt cal- lapsible life-boat, a Danish invention, avoids these difficulties. It is so constructed that its sides can be folded down or raised at will. If thrown over-board when folded it serves as an unsinkable raft, and the sides can easily he raised afterwards. 