"SUMMARY. Tit a Indian public- and press received the Itima of the Anglo-Japanese alliance quietly ana ta vorumy; although the army resents hc mpucn- tlon that it would ho unable to defend Ind..i alone. Native opinion is curiously luucuarui, many native journals teplore the tact that (lie agreement brings no reo.uelion at military ex- pciuliture. The "Novoc Vremya" (St. Petersburg) ecsts that all the Powers interested =.touKl subscribe to the provisions of the Anglo-Jnp- anesc ticaty respecting the maintenance ot tho status quo iu Chiua. It is recognised that there is no chance ut concluding an effective anti-Brltlsh coalition !co for Ten years none of the rowers can move without Anglo-Japanese- permission. "The Times" states that if Russia is ready to agree not to advance further in Asia It woU I be absolutely fair and just that the rule should apply all round. The Berlin press gives prominence to tho storv of a startling conspiracy by Boers against; the German power in South-west Africa. Andries tie Wet, ncphow of General do W . .. has been arrested at Windhoek as the i-liiKlc.t'.u, together with a number ot suspected person- It is alleged that the conspirators intended to steal lite German horses and cattle and jefia Witbooi's tribe on Uie Becliuannlaud frontloi., Tito Boers who were arrested formerly belong-. cd to the National Scouts in the British set-? vice towards the close of the Boot uai. The steamer Cantahria, trading among ii.ff Philippines, foundered In a typhoon, wt tit th.i result that tho crew of 1)7 men and 17 passen gers wcro lost. Raisuli, tho notorious Moroccan bandit, ha3 captured three Algerians, for whoso liberation be demand" a ransom. The Czar has issued an Imperial ttlcase direct ing that arrangements be made for tho elec tions to the National Duma. Russia is seeking to charter a stonmer In Liverpool to convey 880 Japanese prisoners to Japan. It is believed that the proposed charter tc- presenta all the Japanese prisoners who were captured during the war and conveyed to Europe. The Danish Government has submitted lo il.o Rigsdag a bill creating a State Mortgage Lank which will guarantee the' credit foucier bond.,. The exports from Hamburg to China, win -ii in 1S0S amounted to £1,000,000, now total up wards of £2,300,000. A gang of Chinese ' coolies o'n the Rand te- cenlly attacked an isolated Jewish store r.t Klipfontein, killing one white man and injuring three. Reutcr reports that Paris hankers are-consid ering the .simultaneous issue m Franco, G1 cat; Britain, Germany, the United States, and Hol land ot a loan of £72,000,000. A thousand strikers who tried to stop the Berlin trams were dispersed by the police Willi drawn, swords. Nobody was injured. Frcsli disturbances between Czechs and Gua mans tool, place in the streets of Bruenn. Aus tria, on Tuesday, but were suppressed by the military. After a four-hours' interview with the Htik-« gariau leaders, the Emperor Francis withdrew his opposition to the principle of manhood suffrage. The German Chancellor has expressed a vw-;ll for France's friendship. "It would be a glori ous day," he declared, "when the Germans and, French no longer regarded each other as tradu tional enemies." Mr. Rcid moved the adjournment of tho House) of Representatives yesterday to call attention to a recent speech l>y Sir William Dyne. The speech referred to was one ill which Si? William Lyne proclaimed ills hostility to a v ital part of the Government's policy — namely, tliu promotion of immigration. If a Minister objected to a vital part of tho Government's policy, Mr. Ueul said it was h.d duty to resign. Sir iWlliam Lyne stated, in reply, that ltd objected to the "Submerged Tenth" being brought lo Australia and given land to which our own farmers' sons had first claim. Mr. Deakin said he had been assured that the majbrify of those General Booth proposed lo send out had had agricultural experience, Tha motion was negatived. In the Sena to tho Copyright Bill was further, considered iu Committee, after which the debato on tile socond reading of the Electoral Bill was resumed. The debate on the second reading of tlio Liquor.' Bill wa3 continued in the State Legislative As sembly last evening, tho hill being generally, approved. Mr. Broughton presented a petition, said to contain 40,000 signatures, against tho Liquor Bill, because it docs not provide for money, compensation. Dr. Nash moved tbe adjournment ot the Legis lative Council, with a view to discussing tho want of population in the State. Mr. Flowers declared that in suggesting tno settlement of General Booth's immigrants on Fiiliga Scrub, tho Premier was making him self tho laughing-stock of the country. In all, six schooners, two tenders, and 105 luggers, with a'bout 4S0 men, have left Thursday Island. for the Aru Islands, in Dutch New Guinea. It is not improbable that further departures from Thursday Island will take place soon. Business people keenly feel tho loss of so many workers. Mr. Anderson, hat manufacturer, states that he desires to import 20 more skilled hatters from England, but the Hatters' Union will only lot him have four. He adds that his shop is a union one, and that if ho could got 20 more skilled men em ployment would be found for 100 additional un skilled men. Mr. R. C. Ilagoit asserts that tha arbitration award in respect of the tailoring. trade imperils the entire tailoring industry throughout this State. Arrangements were completed at Newcastle!, last night for a sculling match, £200 aside, be tween G. Ford and A. Towns. At a demonstration of the unemployed at the Town-hall last night, resolutions were carried urging remedial measures. The Anglican Synod yesterday carried tho . second rending of a determination providing that the r-Timato shall have a deliberate and casting voto in place of a veto as heretofore. Tho Adelaide police pro investigating a strango case in which a young woman disappeared from iter home, her death and burial following urn- known to her parents. The Government diamond drill at Cessnock has gone through a soum shewing 25ft. lOiu. ot coal of excellent quality. The "West Australian Commissioner of Police staios that during tho last few months the aborigines have become more troublesome than for many years past. AL the Sydney wool sales yesterday, 9552 bales were submitted, and bidding for all classes was brisk throughout. In tho Equity Court yesterday, the case of Ilinc v. Henderson was advanced another stage, further remarkable evidence being given. Further particulars of tho Brisbane fire show, that four persons were burnt to death, Miss Bango and Mr. Cohen's throe children. Miss Bange was 'to have been married next week. At an inquiry yesterday concerning tho death of a baby, the City Coroner found that it was duo to starvation. He made somo severe com ments. J. W. Evans, a Government inspector, giving evidenco before the Select Committee inquiring into the Amending Bread Bill, believed it was the product of the master bakors. 'flic police yesterday raided a shop in Bur ton-street, Surry-hills, alleged to have been ttsod for belting purposes. Fifteen men were arrested. The City Coroner yesterday commontod on tho large number of deaths caused by intemper ance. Tho R.M.S. Ortona left Mclbourno last oven- . ' . Ing for Sydney, and may be expected to arrivd | to-morrow. The French mail steamer Ville de la Ciota't' .7;,; - reached Adelaide yesterday from Marsoilles, eu' routo to Sydney. ... ; -V , The mission steamer, jolui . Williamrf. -Wsicii.. loft Sydney on the ,5th ult;. arrived at Nino , kfter.a quick passage? of 10 days four hours( awlc - ' afterwards proceeded to Rarntonga. . Tito- stonmer Hawea is bringing a cargo' ot£wv 1C00 tons of coal from Westport for tho Aus-'.- x tralian squadron. ' " : ;; The flagship Euryalus left Melbourne yestofi , / .day for Adelaide. /x : : '.ty 