Local and General News Widdinq Fdiabntb, uaelul and good New shipment Josi opened at J. E. Bodim- boh's loipooiloQ Invited Notlh Kolun GorrospondonoD; Now Zealand's Immlgrallon Polloy . and- Ihc Worker1' opinion re tbo Obatlora Toweia eleetloo, appear on cur fourth- page. , Wo csgrol to learn of tho death of Mrs. Bennett, relict of the late Oept. Geoagr . John Bennett, of H.M. 2nd West India BokI- meat, and mother of G. H. Bonnet), Bub- Ootleotor ol Customs, whtoh took plaee it Brisbane oo Tossday evanlng laal. Deooarad ' ladyjbad rraehod tbo venerable ago of jar upon 60 years, aod her doatb, wbloh oaoorred aaexpeoiodly, was doe to apophxy. Mr. Bennett loft tor Brisbane on Wednesday. Yesterday's Wide Bay News says : There la conldorablo fooling In Bundtiborg \- nnd juatly oo, too, nt tbo notion of tbo War wick pooplo aooldlng on holding nn Eietcdd- . fod In that town noxt Enstor, Dundnborg is already committed to such a fixture and has boon working tbo matter up for tho past six montns'havlng already Incurred an expondl- turo of £60. lloBldcn this, it la really Bun- daborg'6 right as tboy havo competed at Various other Eisteddfods, and it was dis tinctly understood that after tho last Elfltcudfodjat Ipswich tbo noxt.'should bo held nt Bundauorg. All tho largo choirs in Ipawloh, Toowoomba, Gyinylo, and Mary- borongh are praotlcally pledged to this, and U 1b ft foolish policy for tho llttlo town of Worwlok to attompt to step in. It simply meanB that their Eisteddfod must bo a failure, whilst It will also possibly do harcu to Bundaberg. Mr. B, W. Tharlow, of Brisbane, Is at preaenb Brooding a oouple of days In town, faavlog arrived by tho Fllndeis yeslerdsy. Dating bis stay he Is tsklng advantage of tbe oppotlnnltyof bringing " Oreroeot" vinegar— a label name that will bring to (he mind of ehow patrooB In all parts of Boulbern Queens land, at anyralp, tbo well-known b'gb jumper thai has bo often oarrlod Mr. Tburlow's colore to vlotory— nndor Ibe notloe of loeat traders. This brand Is mann'aotnred by the firm at their brewery In Brisbane, and la tbs product or prime uowns man ana canaaoorg sugar, thus giving U a speolal olalm lo the con sideration oltbo local public. Messrs. Tour- low and Oo.'s Is tbo only brewery of tbe kind In tbe Oommonwosltb, and their produat en- toys a large and increasing salo In all the Stales of Ino onion. The Maryborough Naval Brigade Band, by permission of tho O mmandlog Officer, Llenteoant J. A. 0. Penny, will aooompsny tho exaurelon train lo Bundibug on Sunday next and will give an opon air oonoort on the river bank In tbo afternoon assisted by tbe Bnndaberg Oittaoos' Baod. A oolleollon w 11 be taken np to dofray ex- ( leaser. As this le tbe first visit of Ibe popn- »r Naval Band to onr town, no doubt there Will bo a largo andleooo to listen to tbo oonoert to bs given by them nadir Ibeir popular oonduolor. Herr Zemek. On Satur day nlghb at 7 80 tbo OUIaooe' Ban I, in oommemoratton ot Trafalgar Day wilt dis course a programme of seleotrd airs at tbe Post Offioo, altuwarda tboy will play on tho Grand Hotel balcony. The quarterly mooting" of the Bun daberg Methodist Qburob wa9 held lart night, tbe obalr being occupied by tho Bjv. B. Frederick, and there wore aleo present Bav. P. Greenwood and twolve representatives from Various portions of tbs town and dls'riat. A report wab read regarding tbe work dono dar ing tbe quarter, and tbta dtsolosed a most satisfactory state of affairs, the loaome being £277, or £10 In exosss of expenses, wbloh was oonsldered lo bo highly gratifying In Vlowoftbe fact that a speohl mission was oarrled out by Mr. John Gardner betwom Bundaberg and Thoroblll station during the tarra. The meellng lovlied lbs Bov.' B. Frederlok to stay a farther year, whloh will be his fourth year In tbts olroul, the Bev. F. Greenwood wab alao lovlied for a eooond year, and both rov. gentlemen expressed their willingness to aooept the Invitations eubjoot to nonferenoe conflrmatlon. Messrs. Bobk. Totten, J. E» Lees, and J. U. Walker were fibosen as lay delrgakes to khe sittings of the District Synod to be held In Maryborough, oommenolng Tuesday next. M'. Gardoor was ro-appolntad to carry on home mission wotk on lbs Gladstone line. Beaf eppeara to hava gone up in Mono! Perry. Aeeordlog to a prloe list shown ns oorned beef Is 27/0 per lOOlbs, mutton Cd to 74, and generally tbe price Is said to be higher than In Bondsberg at the presoot tlmp. Mr. R. Hanbury, Tanfcltha, hag re- turned to Buadabarg from a trip to tbs old _ eonotry looking well aod mnoh Improved In health, as a result of bis six months' holiday- The adjourned meeting of tbe Wes tern Hallway Extension Leagne will be hill in tbe Oounoll Chambers this evening, when the draft petition prepared by tbe eub-oom- mlttee appointed for the purpose will bs sub mitted Ibr approval. To-morrow evening Messrs. 0. F Nlelson and G. Barber, s M.M.L.A., will address an open-air meeting ' on tbe School ol Arts corner In furtherance ol the cbjeale of the leagne Tho annual Hallowe'en celebration nader the anspleea of the Baodaberg and Mnsgrava Galodonlan AsBoolatlon will take plaoe lo the Queen's Theatre on Taesday Ootober Slat, and It goes without saying that the onstomary liberal patronage will bs aoodrded this popnlar Iooal soolal flxtare. ExoelUnt danoo mnslo will be provided by the Citizens' Band nndor Mr. Bandmaster Bankln, and tho noual lavish supply ol re freshments, loolndlng. Soolob bagRls, will bo famished. "Dookln' forapplee" will also oontrlbnlo to tbe mlrtb of the evening. The annual general meeting of membere and Intending mombera of tho Baodaberg Eisteddfod Obolr will bo held In Ibe Oentral (Boys) Sobool on Friday evening next, 27th Inst, The " Windsor Magazine" for Sep tember, wbloh has just reaobod ns through Mr. W. Blalkls, is quite ap to tbo oastomary high standard ol exeelleneo tbe literary public look for In this popnlar monthly. Bldor Haggard materially advaneos bis stir ring novel "Ayesba," and Mr. BobertBarr flontlonoB bis 41 Speculations of Jaok Steele " The Dartmoor Farmer" le a highly Inslrno- tlve ocntrlbutlon on selenllfio agtlonlture r- from the pen of Eden Fhllpotts; then there are ft number of Interesting short s'orlos by popnlar writets and a magnlfioont lob of Illus trations. A Miara corrospondenfc writes : — Splendid rains oommenoed to fall on Snoday, 8»b, when 1.26ln fell In a very short time, followed by 0 60ln on Monday and Tuesday, of 0.45ln and 0 25ln roepeoltvety, maklog a tola!' of 2 45!n. Goncrquently Iho siamn looks very promising, ratoons are oomtng on well, tbo same may bo Bald of corn and pump kins; and Eogllsb potatoes aro exceptionally good, farmers are expressing regret that tboy did not plant larger areas. Ornsbtng Is pro gressing most satisfactorily although tho tains have made tbe ground a bit soft for oartlng. Tbo mill exports to oloeo down In another month. Owing to an anticipated hoavy rueh ol boslness lo the Maryborough Land Offioo eoosrqionb with tho opening for selcotion of tbe Degtlbo lands to-day (Friday), Mr. M. B. Salisbury, lcoal Land Ageofa, loll on Wednes day night to assist in Iho work of the Mary- bcrough offioo. During Mr. Salisbury's absence from Bandaborg wbloh will extend over sevoral days, Mr. Melllsb, from tho bead offioo, will relievo here. At tho usual wookly Gittlags of the Febly Debli Oourt on>Wcdnesday Mr. H. L. Arohdalt, P.M., presiding, verdlols were given for plaintiffs In the following oaaca : — M. A. Faterson and Coy. v. J. G. Honnossoy, bal ance and Interest duo op promissory note £18 7s, with Oa 01 ooets ; and A. H. Bushnell v. H. B. i-Aoslg, wogos duo tn llou ol notice of dismissal £1 10s, wllb 6s Od oosts. The only oibor oaso sob down for bearing was ad journed. Tho following is tho JubUcqb' Rostor for tbo week oommonolng Monday next:— Messrs. G. A. 0, B»rbo, H. A. CaUormall. A. Duone, W. Gibson jaor., W. G. Lewis. Jno. U'Shea, F. L. Rohbeln, J. Topping, J. H. Wblto and W. J. Clement. Captain Wilkias of the Bloomer Brlblen Mooaroh ehlppod £10 forth of provisions at Townsvlllo, and the ob&rg; s looked on to tbo stsamor emountod to £12 Which ho considered out cf all reason. Tho Govornmont evidently antici pate a considerable Inorease In tbo nnem- ployed next year notwithstanding tbe mag nlfioont seasons, as lo the Home Secretary's Dopartmont, tbo Item "Outdoor rollcl" Is £16,070, as asalnet £19,068 for Usl y oar, an tDOrcaso ot £3712, Tho oommittoo rooontly appointed at Miriam Vale to miko arrangamenis in oon- noolloo with tho opening up of tbo road lo Glassford Greek from Miriam Valo have re ceived word from tbo Oalllopa Gonuolt that lhay do)!lno to repair ibe road Ibrougb Mount J a oib, wbloh they state Is Impraolioable. This, however, has not caused the oomoltlee to give np their obj ol, and other means, pro- bably approaoblog tbo Governmeut for a subsidy, will be resorlod lo, A littlo boy named John Holman, aged four years, was kicked by a horso at Rockhampton on Friday last, and bis jaw was laid ,ow n, and tho 'windpipo sovorcd. Tho onild dlod tho eamo aitornoon, Wbtlo playlDg oriokot at AlLort Park, Molbourno, on Monday last, a young man namod John 8mlth collapsed, and foil to tbo ground dead. Ho was In tbo act of bowling a ball wbon ho suddonly turnod and foil. Somo time ago a Japanesa named Sblmoda was oonvloted of assaulting a woman at Kalgoorllr, Weal Australia. At Mr. Mahon's ioetlgatlon a provision was mado In iho Immigration Restriction Aot, by sootlon 8, Ibal aoy psrson, not being a Brltlth sob- j>ot, who was oonvloted of violent assault against tbe person, would, on tbe expiration of bli BsntoDoe, bo treatod as a prohibited Immigrant, and bo submitted to tbo language tost. Tbs Minister for Extoroal Affairs has deolded that Sblmoda Is, at tbo explra'ion of tho senlenao ho Is oow eervlog, to be sub mitted to tbe eduoatlon test, and If he falls to pass it arrangements will be made lot his deportation from tho Oommonwoallb. A case of considerable interest to tboso engaged In tbe Bogar indaelry will come bsforo the Oolloator of OustatDS for Inquiry to-day (says Wednesday's Courier). This will bo t&o; first oaso under etanse 2, seotlon 120, of tbe Exelse dot, a breaob of wbloh (b alleged to have been committed by the Moss- man Genlral Mill Oompany. The Aot pro vides that all growers of material" (tobaooo leaf or sugarcane) must be registered, and also all dealers In such material. Peaaltlos aro provided for failure to register, and any persons purchasing material from unregis tered groware or dealers are also liable to penalties. In tho oass under notloe tbe Uoseman mill Is alleged to have purchased oano from an unregistered grower. It is understood that tble oaso Is tbe first of a series wbloh are likely to corns on for boating lalor, and In wblob alleged unregistered growers and dealers will bo proceeded egaloBt. BsBXxxfsns Goods jnst arrived from Amorloa,— Qaoon Exolnders, Ao. — Goorge Kendall" Tho Courier's London corre Bpondent writes Like their ;Qaeonsland competitors, tbo Canadian dairymen bavo lately developed a keen appreotatlon of tho oapaolty of the Eogllsb market for boiler whloh oan bo sold at moderate rates. Some of the great energy they are now exhibiting as exporlers'mey no donbt ba attributed to ;ihe steady supply ot Informatl'.n aod praatloal advlos whloh they bava been receiving of 1st) from the oom- morolal agents of tbe Dominion at Birming ham, Maoohestar, Leeds, aod other oiuotry centres where the ooosnmo's are malolyot the artisan olase, and oanoot afford the re latively high prices demanded f:r Danish, Freoob, and Eogllch made bolters. In the eight months ended 81st Augjsb Iho'Oina- dlaos sent 162,337owt. of bn'ler to tbls oountry, as compared with 12S,114owt, In tbo corresponding period of 1904. and 70,070owl. in the fist eight months of 1903. To ao inorease of dfi.GSlowt1. In the general Imparls of oolonlal butler from 1st of July to 26tb Augurt ot this yeir Canada oan- trlbnled nearly 89,000owt. Its total fnp- plies In tho two months were 65,000owt. and 78 184o6. reepooklvely. The imports from the principal/ Continental countries ebow, with one ot two exceptions, a general decline in the eight month period of Ibe last three yeus. For Denmark the figures are: —1,281,80901 In 1903,1, 226, 826owt In 1604, and l,167.60flowb In 19j5; for Basela, 833.028owi, 819.2923WI, and 808,877owt; for Holland 248,807cwt, 03,203ow», and 160,471 owl ; for Sweden 141,014owl, I47,7053wl, and 181,813owl. The President ol the Now Zealand Employers Federation, reviewing the opera tions of tbe Conciliation and Arbitration Aot, said tbe reenlt9 of ten years' working of the Aot wore that the nigber wages, shorter hours, and reskrlotod'condhlooB, bad not im proved tbo workore' condition, and tbat New Zealand's Indn. tiles bad now more that tbay coold carry. The remedy of the workers was a high protective tariff, bat Increases In taxa tion meant laoreaeed burdens to tbe oon- earners. Yoa are Invited lo Inspect the Ancbluo Oboiiksteelle, the floeat Piano Flayor In tbs world. - J. Maolood, Jeweller" Charles Lennont when out on a shooting exoarelon at Inverell (N.H.W.), accidentally was shot by a friend who saw the sorob movo. Thioklng this waB doe to a wallaby, be fired a shot, which elruck Lonnon on lbs side of tho faos, and causid blm to fall. In falling his own gun wont off, and ho wae shot In tbo thigh, almost blowing U away. It Is feared that the tag will have to be amputated. Lannon Is a well-known sportsman. Mr. W. Stephens, who has a large dairy farm near Nerang, ela'cs that the rain was not vory badly needed In bis dUlrlot, as feed was plentiful. Mr. Stephens has lately beon vlsltlog Vlatorla In saaroh of dairy etook. Tbe dairy farmer there, he says, are paying as mnoh as £3 an acre as rural, and for land for Intense onUure as mnoh as £7 a yoar Is paid. The assured ralofill Is a great point !n their favour. While tethered to a hedge et the opening meet ol the Devon and Bom-rrot Slaghoands, at Olanteham. a horse beloog'og lo Mr. Fbllllps, cf Mlnobead, disturbed a wasp-' nest, and was so baJly stnog that It has died. Another horse slang at lbs same time recovered. In tho marriage ceremony of the Melbodlat Episcopal Oburcb according to tbo Now York Tribune the word " obey" In falare will not be need by the brldo. Osples ot the revised rules far mloUters ol that ohorob, wbloh have juet been reoetvod at FltUborg, ebow that boroaftor tbo brldo will bo oalled upon to " love, honor and hoop" her husband, tbo word " ktop" having superseded 14 obey" In Ihc ritual. Monday last was the 88th anniver sary of the discovery of Gymple by Nash, since whloh time gold to Ibe value of £11,000,000 has been burned oot ol Iho field. The Grab trip by motoroar betwoon Newcastle, N.S.W., and Brlsbaoo, via Glou- aosier, Llsmoro, Murwlllumbah and Norang has jusb boon aaoompUshod by W. J. 0. ElHoit, the wall.knowu Auit-eltan motor ex pert. Tho best trevolilng was done on iho seoond day, tbo dtetaooe faetwoen Giouooster and Kempeey (140 tnUoe) being oovorcd with out a break. Tho Oaelno Butter Faotory turned out for Soptombcr 21 J tons and tho suppliers wore paid an avorago prlao of lOd. per lb. for first-ol≻, andOa. per lb. for socond-class buttor. Tho total amount paid to suppllors for tho month was £2800. Tho Zlno Corporation, LtmUod, a company whloh will bo floated In Molbourno noxt week, with a capital of £850,000 pro poses to start Immcdlato operations nt Broken H1U to treat tailings, tho metal contents of whloh aro valued at, npproxlmatoly, £25,000,000. It Is certain that tho result of this hugo eohomo will moan a consldorablo Inorooso in omploymont at Broken Illll, and probably tho doYoiopmont of n now Injustry la Australia on moro cxtenilvo llnca. A lUtle girl named Jano Moffat was at Townsvilio on Monday last commuted lo tbo Bsformatory for five years for stealing a pair of laey'ztan shoes acd a pair cf men's tan boots from ontelde a sbop. The Fulioe Mailetrateeald II was high time tbe preotioe of exhibiting goods outside windows was dis continued. The board of inquiry into the stoppage of the Slate float mine at Seddoa- vllle, NewZsaUnd, hae otlolied Iho Icstruo- ttto fact that It oosts Is per ton mord to pro duce Slate coal than other coal, also that, owing lo extravagant effloe and other ex- pooeoii there was a lose of from 5s to 7s on eaoh too of ooal produced,; alio, that the mine did not prodnoe the kind of coat thai tbo pooplo wantod. Mr. Icvino, ox-Promier ol Viotoiio, doDounces what be rightly calls ibe "abso- late ineptitude" of the Federal Parliament to deal with national quesl'oas. II passes half lis eluo jibbing, he says, at Iho really 1m- portatit matters, and the olber half in bolting over'tbe feooe of tbe Constitution and passing laws whloh !t has no power to pais. A ehooking fatality was reported from Dogllbo on Tnoeday last. E. Heivoy, who was equating Blooper blocks for Peter Brenoan, a limber-getter, was crossing a pad- dcok to go to bis dinner when he discovered tbe dead body of Brennan penned to the ground by a tree whloh he had been felling, lb; aooldont must have happened on Friday or Saturday last, as the body was mnoh de composed. That dreadful word 41 consumption " need never be feared II Dr. Sheldon's New Dis covery Is taken In time. Thousands speak of ta tn Ibe highest praise. For sale by M. A Patoraon A Go,, grocers" Judging from a reoent paragraph in the Sydney Morning Hera'd, trouble is being experienced m the doolhera oapllal owlog lo the pereleteneo aod vigor of the woman Inter- jeotor. Something draeMo will have to be done with her (?aya our contemporary), bat extotly what, It is bard to eay. Toe man who improperly Inlerjeot &l; a pnbllo meeting ebrioki Into bis boots, If bo Is sober, at well- primed aoorn from tbe ihtform. If he Is not sober there is an effective way of treating blm. Bat along with woman's eoffrego has oome a qullo unexpected terror— a number of women, eminently sober, bnt quite beyond tbe reaoh ot sarcasm, wbo dollbsralely go to meetings where pollllos Ihoy do not like are belog disonsssd, and wbo say nasty things to the men who are dUoaseiog them. Two £U)b women oan epotl, and have epoiit, many meetings. Tbo arteit of a woman wbo Is disorderly In the etreet Is repugnant to EnglUbmeo, and even the Gallons policeman would rather miss tbo "job." That feeling is acoentnatod In a meeting hall, where the' offender Is deoently dresaed. Bnt there will bava to be framod some method of overcom ing the dlffiflu'ty, or no meeting will be safe from this growlog peet. Presiding over the Immigration meeting on Saturday night, Dr. Artbnr found tbe evil rampant, and after a while a polloeman wa9 brought to remove a woman. A score of volees orled 44 Leave her alone," and She was left alooe, though tbe meeting suffered for Its chivalry. At TowuBville on Friday at mid night a man Informed tbe polios that |be bad been assaulted in Flinders-street wtsl and robbed of a gold watoh and £4. He gave a description of his assailant, and daring Ibe early morning a young mao was arrested and identified by Ibe vloilm. Tbe accused ap peared at Ibe Polio Goarl and was remanded till Taeaday to enable the pollee to make far ther Inqalrtas. On belog questioned later by Bublnspeotor Qulller, tho atloged vlotim broke down In the story, eventuil'y admitting that it was a fabrlo&lloo.; Defendant theo was brongbt before the magistrate In tbe after noon and discharged. A aeries of gigantio deals in Broken Hill tailings have been completed. The ap- prcxlmaio valuo of by-prodnols lnvolvod Is £26,000 000, Tfae whole of these dealings bavejbeen Oirried 'through on behalf of the Zlno Corporation Coy., Limited, lo be fijated to Melbouroo shortly with a oapltal of £85,000. No shares will be Issued to tbe publio. The sisal fibre industry of Queens land has lately attracted the attention ot Ibe largest rope manafaotnrera- In Germany. A letter tai bsea noelved from tbe AotleQ- gesellobaft tar Sell Maastrla at Mannheim Ncofeerao, by tbo German Gonsul.In Brlabane aBking for samples and stating they are pa-- pared to take some tboosands of bales of sisal fibre or Indeed of any other fibre that oan be produoed In QQeooalend, at ourrent prices. The obamplon fgang of white oane outtere in this dlatrlal (iays tbe Calms Argus) Is to be fonnd oo the late G. Moller's pro- perty at ine uuigrave. ueoonliy tbe Argus repreeootative visited tho oamp, which ie a very good one. In conversation he esoor- talned that Ibe gang numbered 17, and that tbere had oot been a dlspnto einee it was formed. Tbe men are of fine pbys'que and vory eompaoionable. They aro making good wagA9 and have a professional cook. They live In good stylo, and aro quite oootented, Tbey expect lo finish In abont a month on registered oane, and have tbe option then of outtlng black grown oace for tbe Mnigrave MiU. A gruesome dlsoovery was mado In tho Princo's Bridgo railway yard, Molbourno, on Sunday last. A ganger, wbo was walking along tho lino, saw a man's head upright botween tho raUs. A search was mode for tbo body and ihis was discovered 100 yards away. Tho body was badly mangled ; por tions of tho boots had gono, and tho hat and coat woro missing. These wore discovered under a tunnel further along tbo lino. The remains havo boon identified as tbo body of a man wbo was employed as a collector by a firm of marine store dealers. A Modern Remedy. Dr. Sheldon's Njw Discovery far Coughs, Golds, and Consumption gels to the root of tbe trouble and efforts a pormaoent ourr. For sale by M. A. Faioraon & Co., groccra Mc. J. Ryl&nd;, M.L.A., fox Gymple, (peaking in tne Assembly daring the present week, stated ho believed l! would be a good thing It tbe reoovery of dibis by legal process were dono away with, and oil debts woro trcatsd as debts of honor. Yet Mr.|Bjland was returned to Parliament by iho oloolora of tbo goldfield and believed to be olothed and In blsrlgbt mind. In tbo tight of his juet quoted statemenr, Is Parliament tbo proper place for blm?j Corn ia now 4s a bushol in tho Nanango distrlot, and bard to obtain. On the Downs, however, it Is not bo dear, though boooming vory soarco. Drought con ditions prevail over certain districts, but there aro small In area. Soarclty of wator for stook on parts of tbo Downs Is a sorious matter, but In adjoining districts again thoro ia abuudonco of wator and grass, froahonod up by tho Into patoby thundorstorms. Somo boys woro tossing &Q; old man namod William Leahy on Friday night when ho suddonly plokod up a atono and threw it nt his tormentors (says tbo Rookbampton Bulletin of tho 10th Inst.) Frank Rosonborg, ten years of ago, who Is said to havo taken a part in noklng fun at Lcaby wab etruok on tbo hoad, ana subsequently boenrao very 111, Dr. Voss was called tn and found that tho boy was suffering from a oompound depressed fracture of tho skull. Ho was removed , to HlUcrost Hospital whero Dr. Voss trephined tho BkuU to rollovo tho pressure on tho brain. Slnco thou tho pntlont has boen doing as well as could bo oxpeotod. Leahy wai arrested tho following morning. 