OUR INVITATION TO>TlIE''', WORLR. While Australia is busy haggling .over a few matters of merely passing Import, Canada is attracting from all .over the world hundreds of settlers to develop her wealth and strengthen her .arm. The Canadians are straining ,-every nerve iu au endeavour to secure the necessary population, to make .them a great and wealthy people. Meantime, what arewedoiug? Main ly reviewing what has been done in the past and talking wildly of what we will do in the future. It is very true, ,«s Josh Billings says, "When I hear a feller .telling me all that he did last year, and how much he is going to; ido next year, I just about know how! much he is di»g now.'' ' We are .doing nothing. Not only have we ! made no offer to the overcrowded nations of the world, but they have' to drag from us information which it ' Should be our business to scatter broadcast. Thus the Premier of Queensland has had dragged from him .a lot of useful and practical inforiua- j tion for the guidance of ,a number of Austriaus, whose intention it is to visit Australia and tnke up sugar j growing. The questions aSked show j !a most satisfactory spirit. The in tending immigrants arc men of kuow- 1 ledge and enterprise and have enough I capital at their back to farm for themselves and riot go as labourers. They are the very men that Australia lacks. Besides their value. to us as tillers of the soil, ;they have the great .advantage of liavirig'/a specialised knowledge of one branch of agrieul-. ture. This will introduce into the .country a valuable educative influence .aud'at the same time allow of land jbeing turned to profit which, perhaps, cannot be made reproductive for the .ordinary purposes of Australian agri- , cufture. It is here that this latter should .provide lis with a valuable Jhint. Outside wheat, sheep and dairying, our .resources are practically untouched. The reason of it is not ..that -the other means of agricultural wealth are less profitable, but that we lack men who have got past the ex perimental stage in Ahese various industries, and who are practical agriculturists, capable of contending with the severities of our climate.. There are no doubt in this country, audin Queeris.land,. thousands of acres Waieh, t<? the native born, are useless. jTn the hands of such men as the jpfending Austrian settlers, these otherwise valueless acres will become a valuable asset to the nation. But 4hei;e is no reason why we should sit idly -by until somebody else cares to .'chase us round for the business we should be hustling to get. Among .other things we possess thousands of icres of land eminently suitable for vineyards. It would pay us even at. an exborbitaut price per -head to ob tain a number of the thrifty clever Algernons that have transformed the .plains of the south of France into one ,of the most solid of the assets that tbuild up .that country's greatness. So .in .the' matter of . dairying,' of what sreat. mutual advantage would it be if we could place the Danish settler, ,psed -to screwing by .intensive agri culture, a comfortable living from a .couple of acres on some of the broad Elopes .of our dairying lands. And \- again .yite wouid benefit by a valuable Settler, wasting not a single foot of the grputicl he farms, and teaching his somewhat haphazard adopted brothers a lesson that should bear fruit in .ppr national wealth. The .same thing may be repeated with the Russian wheat grower, with the Ita- iliap .who cultivates, thd olives, with jthe mprket gardeners of Germany. 'In snort, in every direction we should thrpw out .the particular opportunity <to .the nation .that is .most fitted to i-seize and use it. Our new Agent- Oeneral, Mr. Coghlau, in close touch .with the peoples and capitals of the ,old world, should be urged to do what he can -in this matter. While averse ,to adding to our national expenditure, »we .think .that in this case money flight well be spent. If we, by Articles, Iby special agents, can attract ,to. these shores, t lie men we want, the .sum so expended will be in the ordin ary way of -business aud '.for value .received. It should be our duty at ;once to direct Mr. Coghlau to offer ;every- facility .to the intending inimi- ;grant. -It should be bis .business to ;deflect, towards. pur great but sparsely populated continent some of .that .tseady stream of settlers that is now jfpjying .to Canada, rapidly making her one of the great (lowers of the .world. Surely'it is time we realised that we cannot lag in the rear for ever.: ... 