CAPRICIOUS CMP1NCS BY LE GRONDKDH. The "political situation," as the Perth press style it, is fast becoming boresome, and even baneful. The latter adjective is amply justified by, reason of the delay and dislocation in public business which its continuance entails.- It's all very well for Daglish, Drew, and others to say— with commendable consideration and generosity, that they are .quite willing '-'to give Rason & Co. a chance." But are the electors equally satisfied? * »• * * • , Stated that "nearly every paper In the State" declares that only a dissolution can properly end the present miserable muddle. And what "nearly. every" paper says, must surely pretty fairly represent public opinion One thing—when dissolution does eventuate, and the country is appealed to, the issue set before it must be an unmistakeable and clear-cut r one j the voters to pronounce positively whether they prefer a Rason-led Conservative crew, or a progressive and ; enlightened one, whether engineered. by Laborists or otherwise. * * * * * * It has puzzled a good many think-; ers to discover "what" have been the sins of the late Labor Government beyond the fact that they weren't of the "silvertail" profession, and had a sneaking regard for the working man. It really seems patent, that if they even venially transgressed, it was in the direction of being too cautious and confoundedly complaisant. i » * * 0 * * . if Mr. Rason and his colleagues pass successfully the -ordeal of the ballot-boxes, and further if they invent a new, or disinter an old policy which meets with the general approval of the House, theyjnay occupy the-*' Government . benches—for a spaced But, only on sufferance. If Daglish's position, with a trio of a majority was intolerable, what can Rason feel, who must perforce, d&ncfe; to whatever jig or strathspey the Opposition pipers choose to play ? * * * '* * 0 His Treasury couch, anyhow, isn't likely to prove a bed of roses, even - if he's allowed to carry on. For his utmost fiscal skill will he needed to' devise a satisfactory financial scheme. With a thumping deficit of £88,000, a falling revenue, a failing birth-rate, and a general (and natural) disinclination on the part of the already heavily taxed population to he taxed any more, Mr. Rason has £ decidedly dismal outlook. He won't be standing on velvet (or even velveteen) any ; of the time. - * * • * • Notice that Agent- General Jame&f; is sending out immigrants to a State . which even now can't' Snd sufficient work for its own sons and daughter^. The Ormuz last week brought out 24 of them. The "Herald" states that ten of these are Swedish and Danish farmers and dairymen, and that 4 'the ' others include an insurance- agent, a clerk, a collector,, and a greengrocer, each possessing £100 capital." It doesn't say how much the Scandinavian cockies had. Nor is it admitted^" that there is any dearth in the local supply - of insurance drummers, or even clerks. While, as regards greengrocers, have we not always with us the jaunty Jap, the cheerful Chow/, and numberless other oleaginous allien cabbage-men ? * • » • # It's fairly certain, however, that the number of persons 1 with "£100 capital" willing to come out and .sefe tie in Westralia, isn't inexhaustible*! Far from it, most persons in the Cold Country, possessors of a moderate amount of boodle, would rather flit to the United States, Canada, or Y S'Africa. Wonder what special attractions are * being offered by Mr. James, to induce immigration to thJs colony. Distant fields look preen^ and it 'may be that disillusion will come too late, to the descendants of the Vikings, the insurance-fiends, and pthers. * * * * » * It is being constantly urged that there are many hundreds of horny-- handed as well as limber-fingered "unemployed" already in ' Australia. Wouldn't it be cheaper in the long run, and infinitely better and more patriotic, if, instead of spending scarce money on assisting immigration, the Government were .to pro-* vide for the workless, (and often - hungry) amongst its present population ? This might be done by taking every man-jack amongst them with a spark of "go" in him, and settling - him on the land—the true heritage of every human being—'^giving" him the land in fact, putting up a shelter for him, and generally assisting him' to make a good start. * * * * * * To transform a horde of workseekers, discontented and nomadic, cavilling at moderate wages, continually carping at the very "capital" which they are so ready to tap, and oscillating eternally between " appeals" to the Arbitration Court and open striking ; to transform such into a community of peaceful, prosperous producers, and welcome replenishes of the infrequent cradle, would be a work worthy of a real statesman. And the latter has yet to he found, but certainly not in Hector's entourage. 