LOOKING BACKWARD. ! A RETROSPECT OF 1905. , AN EVENTFUL YEAR AT HOME AND ABROAD. t. ! 1 ' The year 1905 began auspiciously for Anas 'tralia. The primary producers had experienced two excellent seasons, and there was in consequence a general diffusion of pros ' perity. The hope that the breaking-up of the drought at the end of, 1902 was the forerunner of a cycle of good years has already been gratified for we are now nearing the end of the third season, and the promise and the fulfilment are both generous. The resi turns of exports and imports for the first eleven months of 1903 indicate that the' total trade of the Commonwealth for the year will surpass all previous records for australia. The movements of gold this year show a comparative decline in exports, but excluding this item, there is a net increase all round for the first eleven months of over £6,000,000 upon the amount for the corres- i ponding period of the previous year. In all the principal lines of primary production There is, or is estimated to be, an increase. Of wheat, the great agricultural staple, the Commonwealth is expected to return over a 58 million bushels, representing a larger '* yield than has been reaped in any previous period, except in that extraordinarily productive year 1803-4, when the aggregate for the Commonwealth was about 74 million bushels. South Australia shares in the agricultural prosperity, and it is predicted that over 15 million bushels of wheat will be reaped in this State. The pastoral in- dustry is also fast recovering from the devastating effects of the long drought, and v in two years over 11 millions sheep have him added to the flocks of the Common wealth. The value of last year's wool pro"duction exceeded 17 millions sterling and r it is confidently anticipated that the worth í of the clip this year will be even "greater, i the mining industry in many branches is realising satisfactory increases, and although manufacturers have suffered in seven tal lines from the operation of the made namely protective tariff of the Common wealth, the opportunities afforded by a free \- borne market throughout the States have to some extent mitigated this-serious disadvantage. In material affairs, it will be seen, the Commonwealth is advancing. The Commonwealth ' * Politically, the year has not been as flat- ful in the sphere of the Commonwealth as could be desired. The anomalies created by a party system which is fast proving an , workable with the growth of diversities in opinion, and under a Federal Constitution, -hare'blocked'legislative achievement. The 1905 session' of the Federal Parliament be 'gan with the launching of a Ministerial thunderbolt in the shape of an opening Speech which presaged a dissolution. Mr. Reid's request for the dismissal of members to their constituencies was, however, refused by the Governor-General in view of the fact that his Excellency was assured of the possibility of an Administration being a formed under Mr. Deakin's leadership, with the support of a majority in the House of Representatives, During the session which -followed upon the accession of Mr. Deakin into power, a number of useful measures were passed, but. the ' great problems of ' immigration, debts consolidation, and tariff reform which confront the Commonwealth a:re yet untouched. * '. The States. t in the States varied conditions have prevailed. The two larger States of view South , Wales and Victoria have realised large ' financial surpluses during the year, and in the latter Mr. Bent has in consequence been able to ease somewhat the bar ten of taxation. Stable government is. both States has supervened on the agita- tion which preceded the securing of a constitutional reform that reduced the membership of the two Parliaments. The 1935 session in New South Wales, as well as in Victoria, was, therefore, a productive one Legislation extending local" government, in; Tribe former: State, Lands enactments provided bag for the purity of food and milk supplies in the latter, were the principal achieved ments. QueenslancLuow possesses a Liberals Labor Government, strong in the Assembly but very weak in the Council, and the most important proposals of Ministers during the session just ended were defeated in the second Chamber: A constitutional crisis has thus arisen, and a special session to deal with, it is to be called, early in 1906. The constitutional reform which is regarded by a sound opinion ever;-! where in the States as the natural corollary of the establishment of Federation has not yet been carried out in Tasmania, although)' a BuT providing for seduction of the number of members in both Houses passed the popular Chamber this year- The measure was, however rejected by the Legislative Council. 2' The general.ieleclion" in Western Ans^lia^cSnsequent'trpon a" dissolution of " Parliament which followed the assumption of power by Mr. Rason upon the resigna- tion of the Labor Government, ended in a ' decided Ministerial victory. A'short ses-, mon succeeded but there was not time in which to consider thoroughly important legislative proposals. The policy of the present Government is mainly one of public worker including the extension of railways, but a serious financial problem has arisen, for the solution of which no definite, propositions have yet been made. South Australia. The first session of the eighteenth Par \- Bament of South Australia was held in 1905 after a general election in which the Butler ', Government were defeated at the polls.! Immediately on the assembling of Parliament, Mr. Price, the leader of the Labor Party submitted a motion hostile to the Ministry, which was carried by a large majority. Mr. Price formed a Coalition Government, representing the Liberal and Labor sections, and a productive session re- sulted." M A series of measures representing a complete programme of reform and de- velopment including the extension of the franchise for. the Legislative Council td occupiers, of dwellings valued at £15 per ann mm, a progressive increase of the graduated land tax, and a Compulsory Repurchase Bill passed the Assembly, but were defeated in the Council. A large number of useful measures were nevertheless, placed upon the Statute Book. in Great Britain. For the United Kingdom the event of the rear has been the change of Ministry. From the outset the division in the unionist ranks on the fiscal issue had been a source of weakness to the Conservative Government. As time advanced it was perceived that there was less and less hope of reconciling such differences as were acknowledged to exist between Mr. Balfour said Mr. Chamberlain. Both leaders were anxious' to escape from the trammels of a rme- sided^free-trade, and'both-had avowed their desire for closer commercial union with the colonies. Yet each had a policy and a following of his own, and while Mr. Chamberlain welcomed Mr. Balfour's scheme of retaliation as tending in the same direction as that in which he was himself moving, Mr Balfour, at Sheffield and elsewhere, declared that he would be no party to any form of taxation on food. Speaking at Bournemouth as long ago as Way, the Marquis of Londonderry pointed out that "unless the bitterness of feeling was allayed it might spell absolute ruin to the Conservative party." As though to ! emphasise his warning at almost every by election that followed the division between its leaders constituted a stumbling-block to the Unionist Party, and even when -a. Unionist candidate was returned it was generally with a vastly diminished majority. All were agreed as to the admirable self restraint exhibited by Mr. Chamberlain, who might, had he chosen, long ago have wrecked the Government, but who, instead, used his influence to strengthen and sustain it, subordinating his own views to those of his former colleagues in the hope of promoting a return of the party to unity of thought and action. Although he anticipated a defeat at the next general election, he was sanguine that his cause would triumph at the general election afterwards, and that the sooner Parliament were dissolved the sooner would that triumph be secured. It says much for his disinterested- ness, therefore, that he should have co dated so long and loyally in the task of ing the Balfour Government in power, weakness of the Ministry really lay in Balfour'S hesitation and ambiguity, e professing to express his. fis , ml views with entire locality within the compass of half a sheet of notepaper," we went no further in Mr. Chamber lain's direction than the expression of a hope that Eoser commercial union with the colonies Bright produce great and growing commer ' Sal advantages, both to the colonies and i to mother country.." Soco, closer union, he' thought might be discussed at a Colonial Conference, but his refusal to be a party to the taxation of food rendered it something of a mockery to invite from the colonies any definite proposals for preferential trade. Even so thick-and-thin a supporter of the Conservative cause as the London "Standard " in November rebuked Mr. Balfour for not clearly intimating that his fiscal policy was identical with Mr. Chamberlain's. The expected occurred at the beginning of the following month, when Mr. Balfour stated that it was no longer possible for him to remain at the helm of a disunited party, and forthwith resigned the seals of office to Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman. Judging from Mr. Balfour's last public speech at Newcastle, it is plainly his wish that the Liberals should go to the country next month on the Home Rule question. But, irrespective of the disinclination of many of the Premier's colleagues to revive the Unionist feeling of 20 years ago, Sir Henry Campbell- Bannerman has already, since his assumption of office, said enough to show that his Government will be in no hurry to establish a separate Parliament on College Green, whatever they may do in the direction of enlarging the powers of the elective bodies already existing in Ireland. Education reform and the amendment of the licensing laws are cited by the Liberal leader as among the more pressing matters of domestic legislation to which the new Government will give their attention, and from his Albert Hall speech of a day or two ago it would seem that the white inhabitants of the Transvaal will be empowered, under a system of responsible government, to settle for themselves the question of the employment of Chinese coolies on the Band. > , Far Eastern Problems. in the Far East the year began with the long-expected capture of Port Arthur, one of the greatest feats of arms on record, equipped as the fortress was with the best resources, and invulnerable as it was to attack by sea or land alone. Like that of Constantinople and Gibraltar, its subjugation required the co- operation of a fleet and an army, and even then it was only accom- plie ed after operations extending over seven months, and involving on the Japanese side no fewer than 50,000 casualties, including both killed and injured. Whether it was necessary for the Japanese to attack the place was for some time a hotly debated question in military circles, but the departure of the Russian fleet from the Baltic demonstrated that the decision could not have been greatly mistaken which determined that if the fleet should ever reach Chinese waters it should find Port Arthur a Japanese and noted Russian fortress. The first effect of the withdrawal of the besieging army was to give Marshal Oyama that numerical superiority which he lacked at Liao-yang, in Manchuria, and to render comparatively easy the occupation of Mukden early in March. Deprived of a goal or the possibility of^-meeoxfrom any port nearer than Vladivostock, the Baltic fleet at the close of May fell a facile prey to Admiral Togo's squadron. It was not, however, till July that the Czar had his eyes seriously opened to the inevitable, and consented to steps for closing a war that should have ended with the defeat at Mukden. In the second week of that month President Roosevelt suggested to the belligerents that the time had come when they might communicate, with one another through his own Government, to see whether peace was possible. It was perceived by Russia that the continuance of the war must only increase the advantages gained by her adversary, and that another defeat must mean the loss of her army, of the fortress of Vladivostock, and, if Japan those, of the Maritime Province and the Lower Amur". Moreover, the terrible situation at home must have compelled Russia to sue for peace before many weeks had passed, while even if she were herself prepared to acquiesce in the loss or suspension of her normal influence in Europe, she could not be indifferent to the protest of France against the deprivation through the Mary churian entanglement of that support which for many years 'she had derived from the Russian a Lance. But the necessity of terminating a hopeless war was enforced by still another consideration. No one had ever before represented Finance as the Angel of Peace, but in this form it appeared when the French financiers decided to postpone a loan S. £24,000,000 ' which Russia was' endeavoring to negotiate. It was easy to foresee that when the flow of money was stopped the flow of blood on the stricken field must stop, with it, and as there was no prospect of other Continental bankers thinking it prudent or possible to do what the French bankers shrank from, it is no wonder that Russia should have availed herself of the appeal made by Pre sidenfRoosevelt for the holding of a peace conference at Portsmouth, New Hampshire. With her fleet destroyed, her armies shattered and demoralised, and with more than 6000 prisoners in the hands of the Japanese, it was time indeed' that such an avenue of escape should have been seized. But if Russia, as the defeated Power, had suffered by far the greater losses, Japan had also to pay a serious price for her splendid series of unbroken victories, and though there were many who, considered that she would have been justified in imposing a heavier penalty upon the foe, Japan must have found it more profitable I to close a chapter of' bloodshed than to risk the odium, that would have been involved in a failure of the conference by in- sisting, as she was at first inclined to do, upon a reimbursement of her war expenses. Opinions differ as to whether Japan was to be praised for her disinterested humanity, or merely congratulated upon her self-re- garding wisdom in withdrawing as she did, her demands for the limitation of the Russian naval power in the Far East, and for the surrender of the interned Russian warships, and the relinquishment of her claims to an indemnity. The substantial fact is that Russia was not called upon to do more than pay for the maintenance of her prisoners in Japan, to evacuate Manchuria, to cede to Japan. half the island of Saghalien to surrender Port Arthur and Dalny, the Liao Tung Peninsula, and the Blonde and Elliott Islands, to transfer to Japan the entire South Manchurian railway, and to, allow to the Japanese fishing rights on the Russian coast from Vladivostock northward. The publication of the agreement was followed in September by the announcement of the terms of the renewed Anglo-Japanese treaty, which have been signed on August 12, but the text of which, as explained by Lord Lansdowne, had been withheld from the world out of deference to the susceptibilities of Russia. Yet, as the Foreign Secretary hastened to explain, it was a purely defensive alliance into which Great Britain had entered with Japan, for neither of the contracting Powers sought an extension of territory or exclusive privileges in the Far East. The terms of the Treaty of 1902 were excellent for the time they were arranged, and they proved their value by their efficacy in preventing the extension of the Russo-Japanese war, when, as happened more than once such extension was threatened by the efforts of the Baltic fleet to obtain material aid from neutral porte. But the new treaty was drawn on more ambitious lines. It was designed to maintain the status quo in Asia, and to link the contracting Powers in one tremendous combination to that end. The old treaty only required strict neutrality from each if the other was attacked by one hostile Power, and the engagement to support each other by force of arms became operative only if a third Power engaged in the strife against either Britain or Japan. The new treaty afforded mutual guarantees for the protection of the interests of the two Powers, even if they were threatened by only one Power, and thus put an effectual check upon the aggressive ambition of Russia throughout Asia. In regard to Korea Japan's rights as suzerain were recognised, but the principle of equality of opportunity was upheld, while as to India Great Britain was given a free hand on the frontier, and in the event of a serious war was guaranteed the active support and co-operation of her ally. In November the Anglo-Japanese alliance was described by Lord Lansdowne as representing to China a new lease of life, preserving her as it did from falling a prey to the cupidity of other Powers until such time as she should be in a position to de- velop her own resources and strength. AI-F though, a seat British, politicians Jika JUj-J Courtney considered it humiliation to think of the Japanese as our brothers in arms for the defence of India, the alliance was approved with equal warmth by each of the two great parties in British politics. As though to render the Indian frontier additionally secure from Russian invasion, the Imperial Government in May arranged a treaty under which the Ameer of Afghans tan formally acknowledged the identity of the interests of his country with those of India, and like his father agreed unreservedly to follow the advice of the British Government with regard to his external relations. Nor in view of the disclosures of the "Times of India" in August in regard to the famous Alurghat branch of the Trans-Caspian railway could any security for the maintenance of our rule in India be deemed superfluous. It was shown that the railway was a secret one, that no foreigner was allowed to travel She' lost or even to inspect it, that the Russian forces posted along the Russian side of the northern border of Afghanistan already numbered 200,000, and that the lines built by the Russians for no other purpose than to transport an army to this region could, without difficulty, in a few months make the 200,000 inco 600,000. ? In view of this danger Lord Kitchener, as Comma der-in-Chief of the Indian forces, made it his business to revise the distribu- tion of the Indian forces, so as to make them more readily available for action on the north-western frontier. The measures taken to this end, together with those which had for their object the improvement of the training of the troops for ever, met with approval in every quarter. When, however, Lord Kitchener thought that the dual control of the army insight be dispensed wich, and was prepared to take over the functions of the Military Member of Council in addition to those of I Commander-in-Chief, Lord Curzon de- murred to what he deemed an abridgment of the authority of the Viceroy, and, finding that the Imperial Government preferred Lord Kitchener's advice to his own, he resigned in August, and was succeeded by Lord Minto. Critics were puzzled to observe that the same Government which had strengthened the position of the Commander- in-Chief in India, were for nearly a decade engaged in diminishing the powers of the Commander in-Chief at home, and eventually completed the process by abolishing the office altogether. Whatever inconsistency the Ba> your Government might have shown in their views on the question of army management, the visit of the Prince of Wales to India was so happily timed as to demonstrate to the Indian princes and the allies of Britain that Lord Curzon's retirement would leave unaffected the permanence and consistency or British rule. The enthusiasm which marked the reception of his Royal Highness would alone suffice to convince Russia if there were any doubt upon the subject that nowhere in India is there the small eit desire to see a change of masters. , ' Russia in Revolt. As the year advanced towards its close it became increasingly apparent that Rus- sia had made peace with Japan only just in time. The fight of the masses for constitutional liberty had been raging all the year, and had assumed a serious if not an alarming character even as early as January, when the hopes founded by the reformers on Prince Mirski's appointment as Minister of the Interior, were rudely shaken by his resignation. Against him were arrayed all the forces of the Grand Ducal party, and of the Orthodox Church, led by the aged Procurator of the Holy Synod, whose great influence over the present Czar and his predecessor had always been used to oppose any one lesson, however slight, to the party of ie form. The month which saw the retire meat of the Minister who more than! any other, stood for the principle of liberty, had not closed when St. Petersburg was the scene of an official crime unp paralleled in its history for horror. The people, driven almost frantic by the terrible losses and hardships which had fallen chiefly upon them during a war in which they look no patriotic interest, and convinced that the Czar's intentions towards them were good, and were only frustrated by the cunning of the bureaucracy, wished to present a petition to his Majesty in person at the Winter Palace on January 22. The Czar's answer to the appeal conveyed by their leader, Father Gapon, was written in letters of blood upon the pavements of St. Peter s burg. An unarmed mob on that fatal day, as on previous occasions, fell helpless victims to the deadly weapons of a despot's Janissaries. Hopes had been entertained by the people that "their brothers, the soldiers, would not fire upon them; but though this expectation was in one instance realised, so far as the infantry were concerned, the Cossacks and Uhlans, to whom and specially to the former, bloodshed and outrage are welcome. sport, behaved, as their manner is and in the slaughter and maiming of hundreds made themselves the ready tools of a tyrant's revengeful years. The Immediate sequel to this terrible event was the assassination in February of the Grand Duke Sergius, who was, perhaps, the least popular member of the Imperial Family, and who, as Governor-General of Moscow, was" associated ~, in the popular mind with General Trepoff, the infamous Chief of Police. In vain did the Russian bureaucracy endeavor to represent that the revolutionary movement was not spontaneous or general. In April news came of sporadic outbreaks in the rural districts in different parts of European Russia, accompanied by attacks on landholders, or their local representatives, by the burning of residences, and farm buildings, and by the seizure of land, to which the peasants regarded themselves - as entitled. At the same time strikes of workmen at points spread over the greater part of European Russia and Russian Poland, the formation of unions among professors and students and professional men generally, and meetings and petitions of many local representative bodies, all pointed to a widespread determination among the reading and writing classes to assert their dissatisfaction with the existing form of administration. In June several vessels of the Black Sea fleet mutinied, and Odessa, the great com- mercial city of Southern Russia, was given over to fire and sword. The insurrectionary movement gradually spread to" the naval men at the chief base of the Baltic fleet, and in September a great part of Kronstadt was represented to be in flames, The crews of the warships there mutinied and went ashore, where they were joined by workmen and soldiers in plundering the stores and shops. In some cases, as in the serious disturbances which simultaneously occurred in the Caucasus, there could be no doubt that the inaction of the authorities was deliberate and calculated. A state of anarchy which reigned at Baku for many days was even encouraged by the'Governor,,who deliberately refused to employ, the forces at his disposal for the restoration of order, while Armenians and Mussulmans butchered each other in the streets. Of all the year's horrors in Russia, however, none could equal the anti Jewish atrocities in Odessa. Jews were slaughtered in hundreds, and many were deliberately burned to death. There can be no question that here, as in the Cour cases, the atrocities were inspired by any human reactionaries in office, who hoped to show the people what horrors might be expected if their natural 'protectors," the officials, were deprived of the right to rule and oppress, and also to warn the Czar of the danger to the stability of the Empire that must result from any coquetting with reform. But hard as it was for the Czar and his Grand Dukes to yield up any portion of the power they had unscrupulously abused, the minatory attitude of the whole nation drove him at last to sanction the creation of a national Duma to be elected, on a limited franchise, and to be endowed with privileges of the most modest nature. ? Such a concession was admitted to be a step in advance for Russia, but involving, as it did, the exclusion of large masses of urban dwellers from the franchise it fell far short of realising the demands of the reformers for aN complete overthrow of the bureaucracy in the interests of a Constitutional monarchy. Prodigal always in manifestoes, the Czar in October issued still another, whose main effect as to show how completely freedom and justice had been trampled upon, and power given to the re- actionaries. In the pt causes therein made of civic freedom based on the inviolability of the person, on freedom of conscience and speech, and on the right of the working and professional classes to combine, evere was a practical admission that there was no law, that all were at the mercy of officials who made laws of their own, and that by the curtailment of the right of speech the people were kept deliberately in the dark. Whether promises since made by Count de Witte to lower the property qualification for the Duma, and to accord special representation to the workers, will influence the return of the people to loyalty and obedience is among the questions which the new year will solve. The meeting of the Duma in February or March may show whether that body is destined to serve as a new rallying point for the insurrectionary movement which some of the best authorities are agreed is yet far from having spent its force. France. What effect, if any, the Russian slaugh- tering have had upon the Dual Alliance has been not the least interesting of, the questions that have exercised the minds of diplomatists during the year. Like all other foreigners, Frenchmen have been staggered by the ruthlessness of the Russian bureaucracy, and when in February M. Jaures, leader of the Socialists in the Chamber of Deputies brought forward a motion denouncing the Russian autocracy in the name of the French proletarian, there were many who believed that the heated, atmosphere created, by the outbreak of official savagery on the Neva would have the effect of dissolving the Dual Alliance. The motion was defeated after the Foreign Minister had pointed out that the alliance had removed the sense of helplessness under which fiance was laboring 20 years ago, and had saved the Republic from the risk of being threatened and humiliated by any such movement as Bismarck meditated in 1875, Recent events in the Far East and in Russia might have done something to modify the confidence of receiving that external help with which France entered the Dual Alliance, but French statesmen were astute enough to see that to sunder the alliance would be not merely to part with an ally, but to throw that ally into the arms of? Germany. The Republic's inability to incur this risk could not have received more striking, even painful, illustration than when, freed by the disasters suffered by Russia in the Far East from apprehension of a conflict on two frontiers, Germany in May announced with much emphasis that she had rights in regard to Morocco which were not affected by the Anglo-French agreement. It was seen that Germany's attitude was an obstruction not to be regarded lightly. M. Delcasse, the French Foreign Minister, whose lack of subserviency to Germany had long caused a feeling of irritation at Berlin, which had been increased by the part he played in the ci eat son of the Anglo-French accord, finding his colleagues unwilling to share the responsibility for a policy of opposition to Germany in Morocco, tendered his resignation, which, raged mark of respect and confidence, was declined at Easter, but was accepted in June, when it was plainly seen that his retention of office would involve war. A mystery attached to the crisis which Ferro enterprising French journals did their best to dispel in October, when the "Figaro" went so far as to state that the British Government had offered early in the year to conclude a definite treaty of alliance with France, but that the Republic, faithful to its ally, had declined this gratuitous offer. of support that later on, when the crisis! became acute, French statesmen besought i England to renew the proposal, whereupon I the German Emperor, in a roundabout! fashion, managed to convey a ,'hint to! France that the conclusion of a treaty guaranteeing mutual military support between France and Great Britain would constitute a casus belli, and that the French Government became alarmed, and pre- ferred an honorable withdrawal to war." The fact as to which there can be no question is that a solution of the difficulty was found in the acceptance by France of proposals which the Moorish Sultan was induced by Germans to make for the holding of an international conference for the better regulation of the finances and foreign relations of his Empire. The enthusiasm which marked the reception of the French fleet at Cowes in August gave color to the belief that the British nation would have cordially approved of any decision of the Government to co-operate with the 'Republic-in uphold- ing the rights ensured for it under the Anglo-French agreement. That the peaceful penetration" of Morocco will continue to be an object of French policy cannot be doubted, but M. Rouvier, the Premier,riii succeeding M. Delcasse at the Foreign Office, made it plain that he was more willing than had been his predecessor to regard negotiations with Germany as the best means of attaining that object. It is considered not improbable that France in return for Germany's non-obstruction in Morocco may make some similar concession to Germany, such as that of non- obstruction in Asia Minor and the Euphrates Valley. In domestic affairs the downfall of the Combes Government in January involved no substantial change of policy, for on the. most crucial question of internal politics its successor under M. Rouvier, showed as strong a determination to proceed resolutely, with the policy of severing' all links between the State; and the Papacy, and indeed man aged' to secure the passage through the Senate of a Bill for the purpose. Though universal old age pensions and an income tax, which all France is desirous of having, are projects still to be realised, M. Rouvier can boast of the success of his Government in reducing from three to two years the period of service with the colors. Germany and Austria. Although outward forms of amity have been observed,' neither Germany nor Great Britain, it may be feared, has taken much pains suring the past 12 months' to disguise its want of sympathy with the other. What may be called the keynote of their relations was sounded in a cryptic speech delivered by William II. at the" opening of the Reichstag at the beginning of the present month when he stated that Germany's relations with all the Powers were "correctness and with some good and friendly," The. German papers had no difficulty in identifying in Great Britain one of the Powers with whom Germany's relations were merely correct," and not good and friendly, and some of the English papers, including the "Times," were not slow to endorse this con struction of the Kaiser's enigmatical phrase, which certainly was in full keeping with the events of the whole year. the year indeed had scarcely dawned when an extraordinary statement was made at " a ' public- meeting in Germany. Dr. Paasche, member of the National Liberal Party, informed his hearers that Germany had been on the verge of war with Great Britain and that a collision had been averted by the skill of German diplomacy. What was more, he said, he was fresh from a talk with Count von Bne low, and that Germany could never be considered safe from a sudden attack by Great Britain. It cannot be said that the situation created by this astounding remark was improved by a speech in which Mr. Lee, then Civil Lord of the Admiralty, address- ing his constituents in February, declared that owing to the growth of new naval Powers, Great Britain had more possible enemies than formerly, and had to keep an anxious eye not only on the Mediterranean and the Atlantic, but on the North Sea as well; also that if war should unhappily be declared under existing condition? the British navy would get its blow in first before the other side had time even to read in the newspapers that war had been declared." That remark, read by the Germans in conjunction with the reference to the North Sea, seemed to them to mean that England would strike a blow before Germany learned of her intentions. In a subsequent speech Mr. Lee repudiated the ii tention to utter anything resembling a menace, and as though to disabuse the British official mind of apprehension the German Emperor, in a speech at Bremen, in March declared that he took a vow that when he came to the throne, as far as with him lay the bayonets and the guns should remain idle, though kept sharp and in a fitjtcondition so that envy and self-seeking from outside should never disturb them at home in the embellishment of their garden and their beautiful home." The assurance would have been more welcome if the lapse of a few weeks had not shown the prevalence among some of the Kaiser's subjects of an extraordinary view as to the proper boundaries of the German garden and home. The announcement that a British squadron would cruise in the Baltic in the autumn caused intense indignation in Berlin, and even in some journalistic quarters a proposal that the step should be forbidden and the Baltic made a mare causes and closed to "foreign" ships of war. it was even said that the Kaiser had submitted some such idea to the Czar in an interview between the two on the Baltic Although no official objection was raised to the calling of the Channel fleet at the Baltic port of baffling murder in August, its reception was not marked by quite the same cordiality as characterised the hospitality extended to the German squadron at Plymouth twelve months before, and though excursions to Swinemunde were arranged by the German Navy League, it was not denied that the object was less to render homage to the fleet than to convince the German people by ocular demonstration of the incomparable superiority of the British warships to those of Germany," so as to induce the nation to agree to an ambitious naval programme, which hitherto had not been well received. Herr Bebe!, leader of the Socialists in the Reichstag, gave reasons in one cember for holding it to be, sheer folly to build fresh ships, whose construction, equipment, and personnel, would add a round million per annum to the permanent cost of the navy. He could conceive no enemy against whom the naval armaments of Germany could be directed except England, and-the folly consisted in the attempt to compete with a Power able to build two ships to every one launched by Germany. In his reply Prince Buelow admitted the irrationality, and insisted upon the un- likelihood of a contest between Powers so capable of inflicting irreparable mischief mon one another as Germany and Great Britain, and in spite of the doubt thrown by the "Times" and other journals upon the sincerity of his protestations it is difficult not to believe that a pacific policy is the one which, in the Chancellor's own words, is best suited to the" necessities of Germany. Such a policy is requisite to the development of her interests in Asia Minor and the Near East; the spirit of disorder rampant in Russian Poland threatens to infest the Polish provinces of Germany, and the year has contributed nothing to the solution of the West African problem. Although the German expeditionary force has been several times augmented, and the operations are involving an expenditure of £500 000 a month, the Hereros are as 'little scared as they ever were by the German mailed fist; while in East Africa. the Came- rooms, and Samoa there are troubles, among the natives which promise serious result--. German statesmen must also realise that complications with a Great. Power would jeopardise their chance of fishing with success in the troubled waters of Austria Hungary. The German subjects of Francis Joseph have been as bitterly resentful as ever of the claim of the Hungarians to have the Magyar instead of the German tongue used as the language of command for the Hungarian regiments of the Australian farian army, and failing agreement with the Hungarians on this and other points, the Germans of Austria are looking with long- ing eyes upon the. German Empire, with its German population, its efficient administration, and its prosperity. Among the Germans of the German Empire there are a large and increasing number who regret that the union effected in 1870 did not include the Germans of Austria, i In both Austria and Germany the year has witnessed an increasingly active propaganda of the notion that the German provinces of 1 Austria are a part of unredeemed Ger s many" to be acquired at the first opportu I nity. Baron Fejervary, the pro-Austrian , Premier of Hungary, has been striving to induce the separatist groups of the Opposition to moderate their demands, but his I attempt has not succeeded. In October the ? Hungarian Diet was postponed preparatory to the arrangement of a scheme of universal suffrage which will change entirely the Constitution of the Legislature, and may by bringing into existence a labor party divert into other channels the activity now moropclisedv'by the separatist movement. That this adroit scheme has some chance of success is evident from the state of fury into which it has thrown the Hungarian 'Nationalist Party. Outsiders have found, it difficult to sympathise with the provincial Ism and- obstinacy of the Magyars, who. for. * upwards of a generation have ceased to be oppressed by Austria, and who are fighting for something not really essential either to nationhood or social happiness. Other States. From the European standpoint, the great event of 1905 was undoubtedly the dissolution of the union between Norway and Sweden, in the light of the events of the year nothing could have been more famous than Mr. Gladstone's often-quoted selection, as illustrations of the blessings of Home Rule, of the dual monarchies of Austria-Hungary and Norway Sweden. Like Austria and Hungary, Norway and Sweden agreed formally to unite under a single monarch as free and independent kingdoms, equal in every respect, with separate Parliaments and Administrations. The consti- tution, indeed represented virtually the ideal to which Mr. John Redmond has often given expression when expounding his views as to the political future of Ireland. Had Norway and Sweden been of one mind on political matters little or no friction could have arisen between them, but for years they had been wrangling over the right claimed by Norway of appointing her own consuls in foreign lands to look after her separate commercial interests. This specific question was gradually sunk in the larger issue whether Norway should become an independent kingdom or a dependency of Sweden. When taking its courage in its hands, the Norwegian Storthing in June declared the union at an end, the remaining partner was faced with the alternative of accepting the dissolution with good grace or of attempting to enforce its maintenance by arms. Happily the Swedish people were not disposed to use force for the maintenance of a connection which derived its entire value from its voluntary character, and though for some time afterwards a warm dispute continued on the minor question of the mutual destruction of frontier fortresses, a final agreement was brought about by the good offices of King Edward and the German Emperor, both of whom are allied by marriage with the Swedish Court, and both equally interested in preventing the Scandinavian Peninsula from weakening itself for resistance to possible Russian aggression in the near or remote future by falling a prey to internecine strife. The Princess Margaret of Connaught marriage in June with a prince who stands in the direct line of succession to King Oscar's crown, and the selection of a member of the" Danish Royal House as incumbent of the Norwegian throne, could not fail to give Englishmen an enhanced interest in the affairs of Norway and Sweden, and prevent them from taking sides with either against the other. The year has witnessed some progress in the task of securing the humane administration of Abdul Hamid's dominions; and much is anticipated from the transfer to joint foreign control of the finances of Macedonia, a change to which the Sultan would only consent when the. Powers had, in December,' completed their preparations for the seizure of the island of Mitylene, the island of Tenedos, and eventually the Dardanelles. The problem was, perhaps, more easily handled because Russia, weakened by her losses in the Far East, had no desire to precipitate that final solution, which will only come when the Sultan is turned bag and baggage out of Europe, and because it was apparent to the statesmen at St. Petersburg that if Abdul Hamid were encouraged to keep the Macedonian question open, Aus tria-Hungary. with Germany behind, her might avail herself of the opportunity of Russia's temporary weakness to push her way southward by way of Mitrovitza to Salonica. The same reason may have dictated Russia's acquiescence in the measures of the combined Powers for the preservation of the status quo in other parts of South-Eastern Europe. In February it was announced that the Powers did not propose to sanction any change in the existing state of affairs in Crete. The declaration was intended as an answer to the movement in favor of annexation to Greece which had long been afoot in Crete, and which, when the year commenced, had become more active than ever. If Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria, in a visit paid in March to Paris and London, had any idea of securing the support of the French and British Governments in the elevation of his principality to a kingdom, the hope was not destined to be realised, nor does the close of the year leave Bulgaria with any immediate prospect of freedom from its present vassalage. Bul- gana can at least claim to have loyally kept peace with the Suzerain Power at Constantinople; nor does a charge against certain Bulgarians of complicity in a Bomb outrage against the Sultan in July appear to have rested on any other evidence than was afforded by the study which. for the purposes of revolt in Macedonia,,, large numbers of Bulgarians have been giving to the manufacture and use of high explosives. The incident must have damped the elation inspired in the Sultan's mind by the news just previously received of a substantial victory by the Turkish forces over the rebels in the Yemen province of Arabia. As the interests of India may be seriously affected by any dis- order in South - Eastern Arabia, it was not without a feeling of satisfaction that the Marquis of Bath was able to state in the House of Lords that peace had been restored in a district lying in dangerous proximity to the British post of Aden, whose strategic value, as he said, is a factor of ever- increasing importance with regard to our policy in the Middle East." Yet the lands that fringe the southern end at the Red Sea seem fated to be everlasting cockpits. In Italian Somaliland a. new pretender has gone into the Mullah line of business, and threatens to be as grievous a thorn in the side of the Italian administration as Mohammed Abdullah was in that of the administration of British Somali- land. The prospect of further trouble in Africa has been as grist to the and of the strong and growing anti-colonial party in Italy, who have been emboldened to demand the abandonment of that strip of territory on the Somaliland coast, facing the Indian Ocean,. to which in the paroxysm of annexation that seized upon Europe a decade and a, half ago, Italy laid claim. There has certainly never been a time when Italy, was more conscious of the necessity of conserving her strength in Europe than in 1905, when the agitation in Italy against the tactless treatment by 'Austria" of "the Italian population of the? Trentino gathered such force that in May the Governments of Austria and Italy made no concealment of the" revision they were making. of the military arrangements on either side of the common frontier. The legacy bequeathed by revolutionary times is not soon exhausted, and the number is not diminishing, in the Italian peninsula' who cherish the cries of the later days of Garibaldi, and who would, if they could, carry fire and sword into unredeemed Italy," in order that the many thousands now living under the "foreign yoke" of Austria might be brought under the Italian sceptre. Even without this added difficulty the task of statesmanship in-Italy during the year would have been sufficiently onerous, for Signor Fortis has had such prob lems to deal with as the resumption of the railways by the State, "and more difficult still-the negotiation of a treaty of commerce with Spain, involving issues affecting closely the welfare of some of the greatest of Italian industries. On the latter quest tion, indeed Signor Fortis Government came to grief in the Chamber of Deputies in December, but well-wishers of Italy have been pleased to learn that he has been again summoned to the helm. If Italy has had one. Spain has had three Ministerial crises during the year, for the Cabinet formed in January by Senor Villaverde resigned six months later, and the Cabinet then formed by Senor Rios gave place at the beginning of the present month to that of Senor Moree. That Liberal statesman, when in Opposition, sternly set- his face against the demands of the naval and military authorities for more ships and more troops, and it is hoped that Spain will now possess a Government that will promote education and the systematic development of in- dustry. The young King Alfonso has done his best to improve Spain's relations with France by a visit to Paris in June while a subsequent visit to London had an interesting sequel in the announcement in November of his engagement to the daughter of Princess Henry of Battenberg. in the Netherlands Dr. Kuyper has managed to keep his post as Premier, notwithstanding the suspicion under which he has labored of cherishing a certain sympathy with Pan Germanism, and the urgent necessity under which in April he was driven to repel an accusation in the States- General of having personally carried on. poor - parier? abroad with a view to establish- ing closer union between the Netherlands and Germany. Enough was said in the course of the discussion to disabuse the minds of Berlin statesmen of any notion that the incorporation of Holland with Ger- many will ever be peacefully elected.' But for the Congo scandals, and the obligation which the Government of Belgium have felt to Test upon them of vindicating the good name of their country, that kingdom might boast of having during the year been in the proverbially happy position of having no history. Unfortunately for the Belgian authorities foreigners have been unable, in the report of the Commission of Enquiry sent out by 'King Leopold, to find other than proof strong as holy writ" of all that had been said by Mr. Roger Casement, the British Consul, as to the various acts of ill treatment of the Congo natives. Not only was the existence of, the evils so persistently denounced by Congo reformers clearly established, but it was demonstrated that they were not the result of individual ex- cesses, but the natural and inevitable consequence of the system of commercial ex- ploitation established by King Leopold in his African territory. America. An between Great Britain, and the United States, it was hoped that 1905 might be memorable for a rapprochement of the two great branches of the Anglo-Saxon family. Arbitration seemed in January to be in a fair way to adoption by both nations for the settlement of differences not susceptible to the influences of dingo many. An arbitration treaty had been signed, and awaited ratification by the Washington Senate. That sanction was not given. The treaty was wrecked in February upon the precise rock on which the Olney Pauncefote treaty of 1897 came to grief. The Senate saw in the new treaty, as in the old, a menace to the final control which the Constitution gives it over the foreign policy of the Republic. No treaty negotiated by the President of the United States becomes operative unless two-thirds of the Senators present con- cur in it, and the Senate incorporated into the Arbitration Bill an amendment providing that the consent of two-thirds of the Senators present should be required each time before ' arbitration was invoked. The President, in fulfilment of a previous threat, dropped the Bill, which the amendment had rendered nugatory, and, peace advocates on both sides of the Atlantic were left to lament, the inability, of the Anglo-Saxon peoples to arrange an arbitra- tion treaty even on the restricted lines of the Anglo-French agreement. The failure was the more regretted because of its coincidence with a somewhat serious dispute' arising from the refusal of the United States to accord an open market to the fishing products of Newfoundland, and the consequent withdrawal by the island of the baiting and outfitting privileges in its territorial waters, which had been granted to American fishermen since 1860. Surprise may well be felt that the year should have been allowed to pass without the gravity of the problem being seen, or at least acknowledged, by those responsible for the efficiency of the United States navy, which obtains the best elements in its personnel from the New England fishing industry, and which, in view of its recent declaration by desertions, must greatly feel the loss of so valuable a recruiting ground. Yet, in his message to Congress, President Roosevelt declared a strong navy to be a matter' that lay nearer to his heart, than any other item of national policy, and he was aggrieved at the strength of the oppc -action exhibited in Congress to his demand for a vote, of £23,000,000 for new battle- ships and cruisers, without which as he declared in his address on his resumption of his Presidential duties in March, the United States could not meet the responsibility imposed upon it by the Monroe doctrine for the welfare and protection of the weaker republics in its neighborhood. Still, confident in its ability to maintain its paramountcy ' over the" great Western Hemisphere, the United States, it viewed with small concern the issue in February of a German three and a half million loan to the Brazilian province of San Paulo, notwithstanding that the province forms part of that special region in South America where Professor Schmoller'hopes to witness the rise of an independent German community of twenty or thirty millions, who will come into intimate connection with the German Empire With how little favors Brazilians generally would view any serious menace to the integrity of their country-was shown by the rejoicing occasioned by the announcement in March of the settlement of the dispute with Bolivia over the acre; territory, and the consequent nullification of a charter, granted by Bolivia to a United States, company to establish a new trading State on the frontier of Brazil. It may be some time before the Monroe doctrine is extended to the Upper Amazon, but during the past year's sanction was invoked for the establishment of a "friendly protectorate" over Santo Domingo, under which entire control of the local Custom-House was assumed by the United States, which undertook to devote 55 per cent, of the receipts to the, payment of foreign and domestic creditors. American statesmen are not usually noted for a lack of astuteness, but they seem to have exhibited a strange for getfulness of the career of the truculent President Castro when they supposed that the preservation of Venezuela from the forcible pressure about to be expressed! by Great Britain and other European Powers some years ago would have stood in the way of a flat refusal in March to submit the claims of the United States, as representing an aggrieved asphalt company, to the' judgment of an arbitration tribunal. Thus far the United States has avoided resort to ex- tremes, but the broadening sphere of American activity in Central and South America has been a warning to Venezuela that she cannot hope to escape for ever that virtual suzerainty ' now, exercised by the Washington Government over Cuba, Puerto Rica, Panama, and Santo Domingo, and which before long may extend to the Danish West Indies, negotiations for the transfer of which to the United States have been steadily proceeding during the year. The New York papers have not scrupled to say that if Holland ever parts with her West Indian possessions it will be not to Ger-' many, but to the United States, while some comment was excited by the suggestion of the "Evening Sun," in May, that if the Canadians really wished, as they said, to buy Alaska, they had only to persuade the Imperial Government to offer in exchange the British West Indian Islands, a course rendered more feasible by the local irrita- tion just previously occasioned by the withdrawal of the British troops and the bung- ling of the mail contract business In do mestic as in external matters. President Roosevelt has been unable to move quite as fast as the author of "The Strenuous. Life" would have preferred"- At Florida, in October, he was son able to announce that the Panama Canal would certainly be accomplished, and probably at less expense than was anticipated, but the most hopeful of his auditors must have felt that these assurances contrasted somewhat painfully with his original promise to "make the dirt fly all along the line." The requirements of sanitation have absorbed labor that should have gone to the convention of the canal, and in September the "Times" correspondent reported that for months no dirt had been flying at all. Under the American Constitution the legislative influence of a President is so slight that only extreme optimists anticipate any speedy result from Mr. Roosevelt's formal reiteration in his message to Congress early in the present month of the necessity which he expressed at Florida in October of curbing the green of the great railway companies, and of the over-cap;talised trusts. It would be well if Congress? would invest the Inter-State Commerce Commission with power not only to set aside as unreasonable an existing railway rate but to substitute a rate more real some, but Bills practically identical with Mr Roosevelt's proposals have been before it for year without Congress making the slightest move in the matter. Obituary. 7 x The year has robbed the world of many men and women who could ill be spared. Public life is the poorer for the removal by an assassin of M. Delyannis, the well-known Greek Premier, and the almost sudden death of -Mr, John Hay caused nearly as great a shock throughout the British Empire as in the United States, whose foreign affairs he had as Secretary of State for, years ably managed. Gaps in the British peerage w? made by the death of Earl Cowper, for some time Lord Lieutenant for Ireland's Lord, Inverclyde, disarming of the Cunard Steamship. Company; and LoriJ Stretcher, betterJknown^is Sir France Jeune, President of the English Divorce Court. Philanthropic - circles are poorer for the loss of acres J J. Barnardo, the reclaimed of England at waifs and strays, and of Sir George WuV liants, founder of the Y.M.C.A. A <&x;*4 ecclesiastic paid at advanced age the debt of nature in the Right Rev. J. O. "Ellicott formerly Bishop of Gloucester. Dr. George;. Macdonald, Sir Wemyss Reid, M. Jules Verne. Miss Adeline Sergeant, and Mr. Guy Boothby had won deserved places in liner's ture, as Mr. Robert Brough Mr. Alfred Waterhouse. R.A., and iL.Bouguereau, truly great French painter, had in art, while the footlights no longer know Sir Henry Irvin j or Mr. Charles Arnold ("Hans the Boat man"), while music has lost a popular es power c in Madame Belle Cole. vFmalIy, educational and scientific circles will - miss the presence of Sir Richard Jebb, the eminent professor of Greek at Cambridge, Mr Elise Reclus, the world- famous French geographer; M. Paul Brazza, the well-known; French explorer; Mr. William Ziegler,, the American patron of Arctic exploration; and Mr. William Whitehead, inventor of the torpedo. A number of distinguished Australians also died during the year. Among them were the following: - Sir Bryan, O'Loghlen, Bart., formerly Premier of view toria; Sir Robert Herbert, at one time PertH mier of Queensland, and afterwards < penna nent Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies; the Hon. Boyd D. Morehead. Premier of Queensland in 1899-90; Mr. Henry E. Downer, formerly Attorney-General of South Australia, and £«=-r=rs-s¿: Commissioner of Insolvency In that State; Mr. John Darling, sen., a former Minister of the Crown in South Australia; Mr. H. K Fuller, an ex-Mayor of Adelaide, and for; some time a member of the South Australlian Legislative Council; Mr. William Henry Gaunt, Judge of County Courts and chairman of General Sessions in Victoria; the Very Rev. Dr. James Maher, Roman Catholic Bishop of Port Augusta the New James Lyall, a pioneer clergyman, of South" Australia, who was moderator of the Feder ral Assembly of the Presbyterian Churches of Australia and Tasmania in 1890. I 