Nr. Wise in London. Mr. 3. R. Wise docs not Rpprove (writes the Daily Telegraph' t London correspondent) of tliu management of Commonwunlth affairs in London; Tho wuy we are doing things, lie says, " is sheer foolishness. We want n High Commissioner for the Federa tion, like Cnnadn, Just look at the present state of affairs Wc have tho Agent-General for Now South Wales occupying expensive promises in Vio- toria-atr'ect, imd employing a large staff. Then wo havo Mr. Lance, an able man, equipped in style in East- cheap. It is further proposed to open au Immigration Bureau, which would muke yet a third office. This is au nbsurd waste of public, money, whou one High Commissioner for the Com monwealth, with sab-agents for each State, housed in one office, could do all the work more economically and effici- eutly. Then they speak of encouraging immigration to Now South Wales. Do you know what Canada spends on ad vertising tho Dominion every year ? Abont £180,000. Bat it ail comes bock in the reduced prico of her lands as compared with ours. Tho Immigration Department should ho made, as with Canada, a purely Federal matter, and a sufficient sum set apart to accom plish satisfactory results. In the faco of theso recognised facte tho New South Wales Government has uctually, during the past woek, takcti a fresh lease of tiie offices occupied by the Agent-General in Victoria-street, nnd for serou years, too. Wo ought to have had a Federal High Commis sioner long before, this." Another colonial action to which Mr. Wiso takes strong exception is tho despatch of an Australian wool exhibition to London. He thinks snch a coarse is utterly futile as a means of interesting tbe British public in Australia. The wool buyers, tho people chiofly con cerned, know all they want to know about wool, and do not need to be taught anything by an exhibition. As to the general pnblic it simply neither knows nor cares anything about the matter ; not one iu ten thousand would oven go across the street to see all the wool ever produced in Australia. So Mr. Wise believes the exhibition will prove not only a blunder, but a huge failure. Last week's Sydney Mail contains a very complimentary reforenco to Messrs. Morrieey and O'Keefe'e coach service- between Tenterfield and Lis more. It also publishes an illustra tion of the coach leaving Tenterfield Post Office for its destination. A female street preaoher told her Lismore hearers on Sunday night to " wait until the Russians came into Sydney, and then thoy would see the' number who would run for spiritual conversion." Ordinary life-boats require so much spaee that crowded steamships cannot carry enough of them for both passenger end crew. They ere also liable - to be sieved in launching or swamped by orer-crowding. It ii claimed .that the Englebardt ori- lapsible life-boat, a Danish invention, avoids these difficulties. It is so constructed that its aides can be folded down or raised t .will. If thrown over-board when folded it eeives ae en uniinktble raft, end tbe eides can easily be raised afterwards. 