LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Legislative Assembly met at 3.30 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Tim Speaker read prayers- anil took Hie chair. QUESTIONS. Mr. Kcogh . asked the Secretary for Agriculture,— 1. On whose recommendation were the three so-called specialists appointed '! 2. What ranuneralion, it any, hqs been paid, ot lias boon agreed to be paid to each or any of the specialists so appointed ? 3. Aro any of the specialists so appointed or alleged to lie appointed at present in receipt of u salary or salaries as officers in the public survico 'i 4. If so, is thu salary paid to thorn for such services so rendered other wise and in exocsa of thai paid; to them by the Staite for ser vices to lbs State in their respec tive d'cpartmojits ? 5, Were there any applications for the position of dairy experts from persons of Danish, German, or other foreign nationality ? G, What expenditure has been incurred by tho department up to date in regard to dairy experts ? Sir. Deniiiam replied : L The Mirfistcr, in pursuance of a promise made in> Par liament, appointed a board to investigate qualifications of applicants for positions as dairy inspectors. 2. £1 Is. for each sitting of tho board, to those members not in receipt of an annual salary from the Government. 3. Yes. 4. No. 6. Yes. ft, £391 13s. 7«t. from.' May 1, 1804, to date of appointment of the dairy expert, Mr. G. S. Thomson. Mr. Lcsina asked tho Homo Secretary, -ln it true thatt acting by direction .of the Government, instructions have been issued by the Commissioner to tho police . in certain districts that., where the police,- paddocks arc infested Willi noxious weeds, such as prickly pear, &c.;, ablcbcdi1 applicants for relief rations or indigence .allowance are to lie informed that "such rations wili lie issued lo .l-licui only in return Tor work tloiyj in dealing' Ilia paddocks ot such weeds, on the scale oi one day's rations or one (lav's allowance for one day's work , mid llu'i police shall not issue relief to alilelioilied applicants except on tlie.se terms ? Mr. Airey replied: Yes., it is me reh ire extension lo . tho country districts of the system prevailing in ' the dilVercul to wns of I ho .Slates. Mr. Woods asked the Secretary for Railways,— I. Has lie yet seen Hie report of Messrs. Armour, -Brown, and Green, who constituted' tho board of inquiry to investigate Ihe management of tho stores brunch of Ilia Jtaiiway Depart ment, the existence of such report lun'.og been brought under t be Minister's not ice when the railway estimates were under consideration last year 2. If so, will lie lay the report, 'on the table of tile House Mr. Morgan replied : I. Yes, (his was a departmental inquiry ordered by llie Commissioner for Railways. 2. jl. is not considered necessary to'lny tlic: report on tho table of the ' House, lint it is available for the him. member's inspec tion nt any lime. Mr. Woods asked the Keerelary for Railways,— Is (lie Minister aware that certain practices are being carried on by locomotive inspectors, when inepaiing engines upon which drivers and .iciing drivers are. (o pass llnir practical ex aminations, (hereby increasing the ex penditure of Hie locomotive "branch oi Hie service V Mr. Morgan replied : Locomotive in spectors prepare engines for drivers' practical examinations by sulisti lining parte Hint arc liable to full, when engines are working Irai'ns, in order to ascertain if the men being examined ai'e competent to detect what is wrong. This does not iu any way lend lo in crease the expenditure of the locomotive branch. 51r. Kcuna ashed Hie Trr- usurer,— 1. Has the classification of Hie various central mills been completed '.' 2. Jf so, what is it '! Mr. Kidston replied : 1. Ye.;. 2. Tire classification is— Glass A, composed of those mills controlling their own busi ness ; class 13, those mills controlled conjointly by the null companies and Hie couipl roller 'of central sugar mills ltpre- slnling the Treasury ; and class C, mills lai.ten over by tip; Treasurer and con trolled liv tlic comptroller of esntral sugar mills. At Hie piusonl lime the mills arc distributed as lolluw : Glass A— Isis Central Sugar Mill, Corilalha , Marion, Norlli Eion, i'laiie Greek, and Racecourse Central Mill.-. Maci.ay ; Mul- gi'ave Central Mill, Cairns ; Mnssinan Central Mill, l'ort Douglas. Glass II— None at present. Glass G— Neraug River Central Mill, Soullipoit , Morcton Cen tral Hill, Nambour ; Mount Butiplo Cen tral Mill, Tiaro,; Gin Gin Central Mill, Gill Clin ; Pleystowe. Central Mill, Maokny ( and Proserpine Central Mill. Howcn. Mr. Hamilton asked, the Secretary for Railways,— 1. Is it Hie intention of the department to carry out tho promise made to place a second class sleeping ear nu the northern railway '.' 2. If so, wil, he iako steps lo liavo the matter ex pedited '! Mr. Morgan replied, : Tim car fitted up with sleeping accommodation for the northern railways is being turned out oi the shops to-day. Sir. Lcsina, without notice, asked' the Home Secretary if if, were the intention of the Government lo grunt a pin-imi to. Air. Parry- Okedeii, late Commissioner or Police 7 Air. Airey replied : Yes. Air. Lcsina : ft is a scandalous shame. The Speaker : Order. All1. Iveogli : Ho is perfectly (untitled to it. Air. Lcsina : No, lie is not. Tim Speaker : Order, order. PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS. Air. Morgan luid on the table, cupy of the report, or the Parliamentary Build ings Committee, also copy of the report of the Agent- General for 1904. Thu papers were ordered to lie printed. NOTICES OF MOTION. Air. Bell, gave not ice that on the fol lowing day lie would move,—" That the House at its next sitting resolve itself into a committee ot the whole, to con sider the desirableness of introducing n bill to amend the Lands Act, and for other purposes," Air. Airey gave, notice, that on the fol lowing day lie would move,—" That tin House at Us next silting resolve itself into a eominittce of the whole, to con sider the desirableness oi introducing u bill lo make better provision for tile maintenance and management ot public hospitals in the metropolitan area," APPEALS BY RAILWAY EMPLOYEES Mr. Forrest, pursuant to notice, moved, — " That leave -be given to introduce a bill to make better provision for the bearing and determination of appeals bv employees of (be Uaihyay Commissioner, and to further amend the Railways Act of J MSG." Motion agreed lo on tlic voices. Tile first reading ot tin: bill was agreed to on Ihe Voices, and the second reading was uiudc an order for 23th September. A DDRESS-1N-UHPLY. Air. O'Kccfe resumed tlic debate onitlie address-iii-reply. The Government were lo lie congratulated upon liieir success in making the Stale pay its way. They came into oiliec to liud tilings iu a had financial state. Borrowing— ihe cause of Hie posiliou (lien — must be conducted on a heller .system in future. The past method hud been a reckless one. It bad ,. .....tied the city to the detriment of Hie country districts, 'i lie latter must lie regarded as first for expenditure con siderations in any future extensions of I mi puulie debt. lie was glad that land settlement whs to be warmly taken up ii v Hie Government. He belonged to a closely setileu .nstrici— purnaps the most closely settled iu tlic State— and could testily to Hie; value of that, form of col- onisaiion. The young men who were reared on tlie soil deserved to get every help to get on tho land, To keep tliiuii iu llie productive industries should be the aim of any Government— "our owii people first, ami others next," should be the .Stale's motto. He would favour any suit- ante man being giv ;n land free for five years. It was a concession which would amply repay the State, for these settlors at once became producers of wealth and wuulii be taxpayers. Their hope of the future lay ill developing tho resources of (he soil. There was a feeling throughout the State that Hie present was the first "agricultural Government" they had had. (Opposition dissent.) There were pract-i- eallv no unemployed in the country dis tricts now. Tim reason there were work- less men in tlie cities' was because ot the system of spending loan money. Ti.. system gathered tlie men together in the cities, and they lieeaine of little use for anything else. Sir. Leahy : Nonsense. Mr. O'lvecfe argued that tradesmen and artisans were useless fur any agricul tural work. Then, when they got out of work, llicy were a special charge upon Hie people who were producing. He favoured (lie sidling of land. Air. Leahy : Hear, bear. Mr. O'Kccfe said (lie men who improved the public estalc left a belter asset to posterity than if the land had hum un alienated. The country wanted live or ten millions of people, it was settlers they wauled. air. Leahy :. Wc will have a land tax then. Mr. O'KccfTc said a land lax could lake care of itself, if there were plenty of sol ilcrs. lT'occcding, lie expressed tlie opinion that it would lie a. mistake lo have but one commercial agent abroad. Queensland would be lost. He would favour a commercial agent taking me. place of llivir jirosent Agent- General ju London, lo watch tlie interests of the .'stale. (Labour endorsement.) The Agri cultural Hank would never lie properly handled till iiiev changed us present com position. Tlity warned a live manager, who, wilh (lie iUiuister, should be respons ible for Hie work of administration, t Cheers.) lie quoted cases , where settlers had made applications for loans, but were met with delay, or some other form of dissatisfaction had occurred. Air. Leahy ; Wlmt is tho G ovcriiincnt doing V Air. Denliam :. What are the trustees doing '.' Air. G'Kcoile claimed the position was a serious one. An amendment passed last session was caicukileil to no great good, yet the Act was living uiisulisiuoiorilv administered, because of trustees red- tapeism, Id the extent lliat it was prac tically useless. Jf oilier banks could give ready replies to applicants, why could not tliii Agricultural Hank 7 Tliov must get rid of tlic trustees, lliat was the only cure. (Hear, hear.) Tho money was dear if un applicant had in .suD'et delays. (Hear, ileal.) As to Ihe reductiou of members— (Opposition cheers— lie thought Hie country— ) Air. Kcogli : Arc you in favour of it 7 Air. Olieeltc wus— in a certain way, (Hear, hear.) He hail made inquiries in llie south, and found out thai: tlie country districts had cried out for the reduction, but now regretted it. The cities, on the basis of population representation, were, given a greater pull over tlie provinces. (Hear, hear.) Ho would vote for a re duction of members, if it meant substi tuting single constituencies for double ones. (Hear, hear.) As to tho hospital qucstiou, lie said Brisbane people ought lo bo ashamed of themselves for not sup porting their own institution. (Hear, hear.) Air,. Burrows said if the reduction of members were carried out oil Mr. G'Kecfic'n plan, it would mean a Joss to the country districts. A 'better niutb.,.1 of retrenchment would be to abolish the Upper House, because that Chamber meant delay and expense. (I-Iear, hear.) Air. .Jenkinsoii : Cut down our own sala ries first. (Laughter.) Mr. Burrows said tho programme sub mitted by tlie Government was tlie most advanced he had yet seen presented in Queensland. He hoped their election laws would bo made uniform with tho othor States. The Arbitration Hill would lie useless unless preference to unionists was embodied, and tlie provisions of tlm I measure made compulsory. He believed tlic Government, would introduce a | Workmen's Compensation Bill, which j would bo useful, but lm regretted that there was no provision for accidents, without recourse to the cuiu-i brous process of the law courts. Such a law had operated very well in New South 1 Wales, for there was a credit to the fund there of £108,000, He would liko to see tlic Alines Department spend a little moro money in prospecting, when tho finances Improved. Tho large expenditure in New South Wales had proved very useful. As to the proposed mining amendment bill, he suggested a number of amend ments to the existing law, especially cn- tforcin# a better .system of inspection, aid. . better ventilation. Tlie mining magnates nobbled tlic inspectors, too. Mr. Jcnkinson : Where 1 Charters Towers ? Mr. Burrows: Yes, Air. Jcnkinson : That is a libel oh tho inspectors and on the department. Air. Burrows claimed bis stand - was right in fho matter. : Ho knew Irom ex perience. Tho inspectors should exercise more largely the powers they had under the Act. (Hear, hear.) An evil was ex emptions in the early life of looses. No men should be allowed to monopolise more land than they could properly work. , The average leases at the Towers were 8 or 10 acres, and if they had been larger the great development that had taken place would never have been seen on that field. The system of State batteries had, proved very successful in Victoria, and should he largely undertaken in Queens land, as it was a better way of opening up new fields than , any other. The south ern' State had decided to increase the number of such batteries in existence. (Hear, hear.) He was glad that a hill was to be introduced to provide for better accommodation for shearers and sugar-workers. Such a measure was very necessary. Ho favoured land being given to people rent free, in order that the public estate may become productive, llo was pleased to see that there was to he no more sales of land for revenuo pur poses. Tlie present Government had sold land, but they had practically apologised for it. (Laughter.) They said Ihoy we're forced to do so to balance accounts. Tho Labour party was not in a position last session to have stopped the sale of lands, as had been stated by the Opposition. He was not used to juggling with figures Air. Leahy : Because you make such a had fist ot them when you try. (Laughter.) Air. Burrows said the present Govern ment only bad sold £69,491 worth of land in 1904, and £95,233 worth of land, in 1803, so that the surplus could not be attributed to tlie sales of land. Air.. Leahy: Why do. you not quote al tho figures 7 Mr. buiiROWS said ho only quoted such figures us were neoossary for tho purposes of his argument. (Opposition laughter.) Ho also contended that the surplus was not duo to spnoiiil retrenchment. Ho hnd n proposal to miiki', which no dmihr. inuuy members in that Hous'i would think ridiculous, but lio had thought well over it. Ho uirgestcd that tlie Government build tlm Erlieridgo railway with paper monoy. bearing interest up 2)f pel- emit. " Tho bnnka paid pm- cent on nieir notes, mid bo believed tbev would suap up nil these notes that tboy could get hold of. (Luuirhtnr.) Mr. Liiaiiy : Why not pay the national dobt ? (LnuL'hter.) Mr. llunnowa further suggestod that an agricultural and railway construction bank should bo formed, tho . Government to hand over to this institution tiie £35.000 per year which they received from tho Queensland Nutioniil Batik, aud authorise tho bank to issue paper money of four time) that value. (Laughter,) Referring to the recent rihiniiesaltt from the poiico force at (Junctors Towers, ho was of opinion that the wrong men had been dis missed. The Commissioner hud udmittnd to him that it serious blunder bad beou maiiein neglecting to cull certain witnesses ut tlio fivst inquiry. Referring to the late Betterment Bill, he considered the Leader of the Oppcsitiun had paid it a high en comium. Mr. Lkahx : Well, why do you not bring ,ir. in again and try it? Mr. Bunnows regretted to admit that there wcro u largo number of unemployed tit Charters Towers. Air. Foiuiext regarded many of the charges made against Brisbane in regard to tlie huspitul un unfounded. It was only a par ticular section whioh did not support the hospital — not oven to the extent of a brass farthing. Tlie general pubiio continued to sanport tlie iuafitutirm. but the class which ai-eepted its suceour did not support it. Who were to bo compelled to pay — tho default ing seutiun. or the Brisbane pubiio? Air. Mono an: All the people of Brisbane will pay. (Hear, bear.) Mr. Fokuest was glad to hear that. Tbut was the proper thing. Ho was glnd the Premier had nervo enough to compel there who uogieoted to give aid to do so. For veuru the uoutribuiors hud spent £3,000 to 910,000 in hospital improvements, whioh proved the ohanty of the supporters of the iuslituiion. Thorn were people uow offer ing' to put up £10,500 for tho hospital. Dili that show a neglect of duty ? It was a very uufuir uhurgo for the Premier t" make — that tho Brisbane public would not provide for ihnir sick poor. Air. Moncux : It was u raero statement of fact, not a ciiurgc. Air. FoiiitKS'f said there never had been any difficulty lili tiie Government begun to shut down on the committee— after tho Treasurer cume hack from New Zealand, full of now ideas. Mr. Moiman : There wero difficulties be fore tlie Treasurer ouuie back. Mr. Foi'.uust lienied that. Air. Hawtuoun: a nuw committee would settle I lie matter in u month. Ate, FoiiuiiKT : You oould settle it in five minutes if thu committee wero loft alone. Ho argued that it was a blunder to huvo stopped tilt) endowment. The lute Government oom- mitted the sumo blunder. Eontiumy wan necessary, but tho Government's economy was not consistent, The Government forced tho people into the muddle by withdrawing ihe endowment. (Hear, hear.) Tlic bonus cm sugar ulouo would not, ho d'ciared, save tho industry, as tho speech alleged. Mr. Dcnhuui had pointed oui that the restriction of the imporintiou of white labour should be removed, but tliero was untiling iu the speech about tliut. At Guiras, despite tho bonus for whito labour, uot 2 per cent of tho sugar was produced by whito labour. Therofnre, tho hotius was not going tosavothe industry. Mr. Mann : They naver tried to get whito liibutir yet. Mr. FoititEST suid the Commonwealth Par liament was not trying to supply tho white labour. Mr. Mann : That is for private enterprise to do. Air. FouiiKir said nothing had bccu done in i ho luattcr of uettiomont cxcopt to induco a few men from tho south to cuino along. Ttiuy wanted some of llie tens of thousands who wore going lo Europe evrry your. Tho Govern ment were silent ou that point in tho speech. The Federal Labour party had openly declared tliut they did not want any morn immigrants here, yet tho Government had proposed to iiaud over immigration to ihe Commonwealth Parifnment, uoenrdiug to au inspired paragraph whioh was published wbilo Sir HorueoTozer wits here. The Lubnttr party wcro saying that there were loo many people hero already, and they wore | ut the hack of the Government. The' better conditions desired iu tho report, it was true, did not exist at suine of tho Govcrnmeiit- conirolled mills, 'there nover were so many unemployed in the State as at tho prca nt time, mid tho number was increas ing. No doubt the Government's plan uf employing the work-loos men to clear land wae good, enough in its way. But the Government had absolutely neglected togive the great bulk of the unemployed any immediate relief. The prickly-pear business he regarded us one of tho rottenest plana he ever bad hoard of. Mr. Mohoan : But you do not know any thing ut all u bout it. (Laughter.) Mr. Fobuesy blamed the Government for not supplying the information. He contended, tlmf loan money was being absolutely wasted in olearing prickly-pear infested lauds. The present condition of many of the unemployed wus appalling. Mr. Jenkinson: Many of them are sturviug. Mr. Least : The Treaaarer has discovered the unfit. Air. F'obekst: Yes, ho was not able ti) discover them when he was ou this side of the House. (Laughter.) The Premier deserved credit for llie efforts in nonuootiou with tho proposed extension of the muil steumors to Brisbane. The fe erul legislature j never should iiavo completed the contract t unless Brisbane had been made a port of oall. The strongest condemnation of the proposed Arbitration . Bid was a speech by Mr. Seddon, published in the Press tbut day, Mr Kerr's version of the Newcastle troublo was not u correct one. Somebody else besides Mr, Kerr had been to Newcastle, and ho would place tho faots j boforo the House mfaen the bill cauio before | tho House. p f Mr. Fudge (who nut behind tho Premier) : Aro you speaking in ail sorinusnesn P (Gov ernment laughter.) Mr. FoniiBsr asked tho interjootor'a paroou. Mr. Fudge : Do you know wlmt you aro bilking ubnnt? (Loud luughter.) Mn Foriisst: Oh, it's yoti, is it? I 'bought it was tho Premier, or I should not liavo stopped to iisten. (Laughter.) I must apologise ro tho Houso. (Laughter.) Mr Fudge : Woll. it shows that you can be mistaken. (Laughter.) Mr, Forrest miid thcro was no doubt that tho Arbitration Act in Now Ziiulaud had udded largely to tho number of disputes, und the udminixtertiug of the Act had cost moro thau all the striken Now Zealand over hail. The report of tho Royal O lninis-imi which sat in Victoria in 1903, upon iho nriuciidi! of arbitration, a minimum wage, and kindred subjects, was well worth reading in eutiucciiun with tho proposed bill. As to the proposed harbourbourd at Cairns, theTrcusuror had" not learnt iiis business in regard to these matters. Air. Kidsr.on's proposal to add 50 nor ocnt to tho existing harbour rates nt Brisbane was a u ost extraordinary one. Speaking to llio speech generally, consider ing the sea-ons which the Stale hud enjoyed recently, ho was of opinion that it should have made much moro progress. U« strongly urged tho Government to adopt a broader policy. (Hear, bear.) Mr. Maxwell said that while ho was natisU"d with some of tho measures pronosed by tho Govcrnmaut, ho thought there were some omissions, for ho had put u measure on tho paper himself dealing with iusarunee companies which ho considered necessnry. The unemployed they always had with them. Reckless borrowing iu tho pant had brought people to the oisy, and it was hard to gm them to go out again. If they could induce peonlo to go out of tho city und become masters of their own, it would bo cotter for the country. If New Zealand hud been made prosperous, surely Queens land could be, whero tho resources were much greater and much moro varied. (Hour, hear.) Tho Government should loss no chance to dovrlop tho latent, resources of the State. People Bhould lie eiicourugcd to pit: monoy iuto mining. Iu tho northern dis tricts thoy hud great mineral iicids. If tho Glotieurry district had beeu in any other part of tho world it v/nuld have long since been developed. Ho saw no reason why tlie whole world should wait if the 'Government could not find tho iiiouey. uud if a piuuhnsiiig clause wero inserted in tbo agreeemcut lie would vote for privute capitalism being allowed to build this lino. They wanted, iu tho near future, money to "build lines and redeem loutiu, and with their small popula tion it would "on impossible to carry on without private capital cuining to their aid for developmental work. ' It was a crimo ami a slmmo that tho Clnucurry line and (lm Etheridge iitio had not been mint yours ago. (Hear, hear.) As long n.s the public wero safeguarded, lie would vote for syndicate lines. Alt'. j enkinkon : Tho caucus will bump you out. yi i Mr. M axwell : I do not cure. . I um not responsible io tho Trades Hull, but to thu doctors of Burke. (Hoar, beur.) 'l'heiu is no brighter sput in Queeiisiuiul to-day than the oho served by tlio OUilingoc railway. It had prod uued— and was producing— great quantity of minerals. For iho June quarter minerals lo thu vultto of £lSi,OUO hud been produced there— due largely to tho railway. Tho pastoral value of much country was liitlu— miiy enough io keep the goats alive. The difficulties uf Obillugoo worn duo to bud inutiagcinout. He ventured to Buy that, souuer or latter those miucB would turn out immense quantities of copper. Ho believed if the lino wero extouded to Georgetown, the develop ment of lliat. fiolil would ho iiiurrelinu's. Without the lino it was impossible to suc cessfully work utiy qf tho fields. At Olon- ourry only 30 per cent oro would pay to curry by teams. Tho Government should build that lino, because the vast resources of tho district wcro such no to guarunteu tho success of tlie enterprise. To only build part of tlio lino would not encourage ihe propou development of tho " field, and many leases would bo shepherded, instead of being opened up. Tho unemnluycd would be fully absorbed as a result of this line. It would challenge the enterprise of capitalists. The working men had been advantaged by the eoiiHtruetion of tlic Chiliagoa lino, so tiiey would bo by the duell ing up of Olunourry und other fields. (Hear, iiear.) Ab to tho selliug of lanu, ho favuured tiie disposal of small areas. (Hear, lieur.) Even with the 999 years leases in New Zealand, - tlio holders wanted to convert them io freeholds. A mini naturally wanted to get a piece of land that he conld call his own. It may bo nentimcnt, but a man who owned land wus more loyal than oue who did not, for he had u stake in thecouutry, Mr, Koioan: Hear, hear. . Those aro our views. (Laughter.) Mr. Maxwell said they wanted legislation whiqh would benefit tlio people. He did not object to men expressing their opinions, as Mr. Detiham hud dune. That Minister had dono mora for the ouuse of Socialism in his department than many who preached it ouuid do for tho next 20 years. (Hoar, hear.) They found a Mr. Oollings, too. telling tho Labour party what to do. Ho was not always a labour man either. Files of the " Worker" Mr. K.koqu : Your will get rats next. Tho apgAXtiit : Order. Mr. Maxwell suid that those files showed that Mr. Cokings liud beenconvertedfromihe othor side. Mr. Rkinholu : Could not he bo converted ? Mr. .Maxwell : Wo havo seeu other couver, lions, I rccolleot tho time that you tried to use tho Labuur party to get you back in tbo civil sorviue. C'Ob. oh.' ) Mr. KsiuaoLD : Perhaps I conld suy a little too. " , Mr. Maxwell : Let us have uuy plain Bponklng iienossnry. Thou, ho wont ou, tliey had something to sav about Mr. Bo'oto. At one time tbe editor of tlie Workor" wroto uu article slating tlie lute Government for not taking steps _ to abolish tho poll tax, when ho they intended aoiug so, Faming on, lio said (lint in Briabann poopln thought Iho Government should do everything. Were nut the onuntry ponplo in bn considered ? Brisbnuo should keep it own siolc : at any rate. Towusville, with loss right, did so. Tlioro wcro plenty penulo who could pay. who entered hospitals anil paid loss than they would atu second -clius boarding-house. Aiimv men, ton, did not pay a iiiiilliug lor tlm attention tliny got. The committees ought to tnku n hotter .stand, and sue lliat. nil who nnuld pay should pay. (ileal', bear.) 'J'ho trufiiu of Brishnnn sndly noeiicd regulating, fur tlio conduct of sumo of tiioyouiig people who frequented Iho streets nt, night wiis saandalous. Ho was glnd there 