&SQNAL; NOTES FRQM; ENGLAND. ' *~ ? ITrom our Special Correspondent.] lite Itetfister Office, -SO Fleet street, - LONDON, September 15. —Royalty.— . King Edward arrived in London on Sat urday in unpleasant weather, the niin fnll iiij: copiously lmt he was fflatl to be home aoain.-and 'would not exchange the fre fliionily sullen skies of England tor the [brighter atmosphere of other parts. He (looked bronzed and vigorous as he stepped upon the platfmin at Charing Cross dress ed in his Admiral's uniform, 'and his strong ?voice and hearty manner confirmed his re mark that, he never felt better iri'lit- life. One pei~oii who regrets liis departure -from UfarienlKul is the proprietor of a famous .?xcstaiirant, who saved every straw through iwhidi His Majesty's lips drew the various thinks taken in the establishment, and ifvom the collection had a straw bat manu tfat-turcd. This hat is now missing, and .neither advertisement nor a reward of £80 -ee;t;s likely to recover it. His Majesty has this week been enjoying liunself in his J.tvourite manner at Doucasler. We4iring -a buttonhole and showing a capacity for ?enjoyment as keen as the most youthful he ! witched the racing closely, ari-l conversed :-vtrh knowiedge and animation, upon stud bnattcw. King Edward's nature quickly rrcspouds to movement and life. He is rc nrarknhlv fond of motoring, and has just ?ordered his seventh car, to be of 33.50-h.p., ifrom the Daimler Company, to supersede Khe 28.3U-b.p: which he nt present uses. Queen Alexandra, iiccompanied by Pnn tcess Victoria, is enjoying fine weather at ^Copenhagen, where she has met her, father, iKing Christian, her son-in-law and daugh Iter,' Prince and Prince!* Charles of Den .??iiark, and her sister, the Empress Dowager ibf Kussia.. The Danish capital has been ^r.giiy with Uic presence of the various royal ivisitors, and of the Channel Fleet. Queen [Alexandra and Princess Arictoria went on I board the Exmouth, wlterc they, were re iceived by Admiral Wilsoiu and they were inl.-o present at the British Legation on the ?occasion of a siwoiiil reception. The .Hri Itish Queen and the Russian Dowager Era liross greeted each other with much affec tion, and it was remarked that both look-, ?erl extremely well. They have been out klriving together, and had many long talks. iPrmcess Victoria, showing an interest in 'the Danish. Colonial Exhibition, took a -t.ouple of dips into a lucky bag, and e;ich ilime drew as a prize — a nigger doJl! Had ?Miss Roosevelt been the dipper, after her (late refusal of a dusky potentate's hand, !h!ic might have suspected somebody of a ipracticiU joke. — Foreign Royalty. — The Kaiser said a few words at a recent '?banquet to provincial authorities to the effect that he ''ivished to see the Gorman people dwelling together in happy unity, everv man respecting and honouring his iiieigiibour. and looking upward to the com imon Saviour and! Almighty God. Then 'would the German, people be made !r.;ip;ible of discharging the great ihission of enlightenment which Pro 'vidence had set it, closelv united at home, a firm front to the world.' It is stated that His Imperial Majesty and the .Czar -will shortly meet at Darmstadt, Kvhithev the Russian Imperial Family are (going for_rest and change. King 'Victor Emmanuel has proved a fa rther to his people in the hour of their suffering. He has visited the scenes of de vastation caused by the earthquake at EMontlcone and other places, and has gone about among Uic -wtmnded, who are lying -n bnndredii. helpless suij hopeless. Everj where lie spoke words of comfort, jind many of his jvretchcfl subjects ldsscd his p.irmonts. while the tears streamed from tlu-ir eyes. The tales of desolation are nwful in tlic cxlreino. In Calabria not less than 100,000 people are homeless. The ?town_ of Milctn h.is been wiped out — not n .solitnry building remains. . The visitation ihas ciused an apiiallin^ To* of Hie. —Agent-General.— The Aejcnt-General is going into the Jnatter of cotton groivijig in the Northern (Territory witlj lropeful earnestness. This Nvcclc J)O received a further communication :frmn the British Cotton Growers' Associa tion, and l:as forwarded, to that body more information concerning the Territory. ?tlr. '.fen kins expocLs to meet a representative nf the association at a later date, when the wholq question will , be thoroughly Vliseusso'I. Yesterday Wf. Jenkins grant ed an interview to Mr. H. Lambert, of the .Tiiimij.TaT.ion nerCTrtment of the Colonial Office, who visited Canada some two years .120 in his official capacity, and made a ?careful studv of the. conditions- of that ?country. Mr. Lambert is leaving by the lOnirah for Australia, and will carry letters in! tistrodurtion from tlie Agent-General to Hlte Premier of your Ptnte and to otlicr ?infiuentia] persons. TJiero is an impres sion growing here tlmt Australia is work ana towards a revival of immigration On a W|ip scale, tlip remarlatlvlc progrc-s fol Jmrintt that poiicj-. as put into force by 'Canada, loading many persons to hope ?equal results for prolific Australia; (Should a bold and vigorous policy bo decided upon bv tlioso iTsponsiblc for t!io welllwin-r of the nation the advantage of jiersonal ne -inaintance with the Commonwealth and its people by such officials as Mr. Lambert cannot lc over-estimated. Thr TTon. .T. G. .Trnkins and Mrs. Jen tons er-icrtiiined a number of their friends *n Friday evening at S Clanricanle Gar dens, on the occasion of Lho anniverwiiy ;-if T\fr. Jenkins's natal day. Sir John awl Lady Coekbuiu and Mr. aiu'j ^Irs. J, gid lor dined with Uic Affent-Genera! and his wife and daughter, and later those pre sent imrliiderl Afcssrs. T\\. IF. and Trii'h Cmwfonl. Mr. and Mrs. .T. TL Finlavson, !jVrr. W. .T. Sowden. Mr. W. L. Wnvo, r.nd 'fllr. J. fi. Wliiling. — Aivilo-Anslralian.— The Earl and Counters «f Jersey and Sir George Shcnton. and the Misses Shen ton are among the iisw.-engers by the popular steamer Cbina.— Mi\ J. W. Jiitkewcll anfl Mr. Francis Belt are staying with Mr. W. A. Horn and enjoyin« some shooting on his estate at Sutton Scotney. — i\lr. and Mrs. Eustace Grundy-liave post poned liioiv departure for a fortnight ionjier than the date I announced last week, and w:ll now go bv the Macedonia, Joining her at Marseilles on. Octolier 211, iajnl arrive in .Adelaide on November 19. They are greatly pleasekl at the change of .dntcs— they had given up all hope of ob K'ining accommodation in the Macedonia, W'i'i only succeeded in revising ? tjieir ;.-in-jii--=tnents at ahnost the last hour. 31lsj$ t'flii Hanson will accompany her rela tive* on a visit to South Australia.— Sir Violin Coekbr.rn left London on Wednesday or 'Vienna fa attend, as representative o£ the Commonwealth GoYerninent a.' congress. which will c6nsi(ler- matters connected ?with- worlrirsg men's insurance. He will meet', the Hon. W. Pember Eeeves en twite. ?Aid. A; -A. Simpson has practically re-* covered from the minor operation to which;; 1 referred in a prerious letter, and isire* the 'city again after three weeks' retire ment, lie will return to Adelaide by the Grosser Kurfnrsr. which leaves Southamp ton on November C. The young Alderman will embark at Genoa. Chatting with Mr. Simpson on municipal matters, lie tells me that 'Germany is'infinitely in advance of England in local self-government. In Dres den, for examnle. the municipal council lias its own dail\\-*lie\vspaper, which returns a profit of about £10,000 a year. In Berlin all foundlings 'are so thoroughly eared for by the municipality that the death rata among them is some 50 per cent, lower than the general average among the in fant population.' .-Every 'large city in Ger many has its abbatoirs,' which are supplied with laboratories for providing bacterio logical tests to safeguard the people againbt tainted meat. The animals are invariably slaughtered by pistolling— a humanitarian; method that is recommended by the iin tish Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ajiimals. Mr. Simpson was pleased to mark the special attention that was pnu to trceplanting in the great cities of Ger inanv. Tin's means of beautifying the centres of population is being- carried out in all directions with such taste and , skill as to provide an object lesson for those .en trusted with the direction of municipal matters in new countries, where so much vet remains to be done in tins matter. _ Dr Singleton, who: has been staying in Ireland for several months, has returned to London. The llev. T.-H. Frewin. of Jamestown, arrived on Sunday by the Omrah. He tells me that the passengers h;wl an exciting time on the morning of Wednesday, Sep tember 0, soon after passing Cape bt. Vin cent. The third officer noticed from, the bridge an object now rising on the crest of a wave, now disappearing in a trough, of the turbulent sea. The ships course was aitered so that a better vw could be ohtanied, and presently the speck deve loped into a raft made of two planks on which a human form sat bolt. upright.- In a few moments a boat pulled by willing arms was on the way to the dazed and lor lom fellow-creature, who turned out to 1-e a Spanish sailor named Juan Delgardo Ijiimtano, the only survivor of seven men who formed the crew of the bpanish. bri^antine Carmen, bound from Cartaya to Setubal. The vessel went down in a squall on Sunday nidit, and three men of the .seven found themselves ? clinging to the two planks, which were lashed, together. The unfortunate fellows had neither food nor water. On Monday night a heavy sea swept, away two of the despairing men, and Lamtano. alone in the wild ocean clung to the plank for two more days and nights, until the Omrah picked mm up. The castaway was tenderly cared for, and soon recovered sufficiently to be able to tell his -dreadful story. Mr. Frewm will at once take up work m Ea3t London, and will go into Oxford' House in order to gam experience of the methods adopted by the slum workers, this being a department of church work in which he takes a keen interest. Later he will go to his old Dio cese of Durham for a week, and will there meet the clergymen and parishioners among wl:|nm he worked from 1895 to 1893, when ho will take the opportunity of bnng iii' under notice the claims of church work in South Australia. In October Mr. Prcwin will attend the Church Congress at Weymonth, subsequently going into] re sidence at Oxford for a couple of months. Mr. L. S. Johnson and Mr. F: J. Wlutby have inspected Lord Rothschild's herds and live stock on bis estate at Tring. Mr. Johnson is about to undertake a tour, exteudm' over Urn Wnglisli laKe aisiniu, Derbyshire, Cheshire, Devonshire, and other i*rts, and Mr. AVhitby lias gone for a few clays' excursion to Yorkalure.-^-JIr. C. W. Chinner and Mr. G- Makm are amoii' the returning Adelaideans by trie China-Mr. Kent, 'architect, of Sydney, with his wife, a daughter of the Lev. James Jeiferis, has for several weeks been Bliarin? the Hat of Mr. and Mrs R. Nitschtie at Onkwood Mansions, Muluery road, Kensinjrion. They have just re turned from a. tour on the Continent, anc were 'unfortunately out of England' whilst Mr. and Mrs. Nitschke Avere away at CM tonville. Consequently they were unable to protect the bat from the marauders who took advantage of the absence of its occu pants to remove the more . port able of the valuables it containsd.— On AVednesday evening' Mr. Hugh Craw ford entertained several of his Adelaide friends at dinner. ? The company included Drtv Gilbert and Mueckc, and Messrs. Gosse (2) and Guy Stanton, and. all great ly enjoyed the reunion. — Miss Hilda SchlmiK' iiniortuiiately'met witli an- acei-' dent' to her foot, which necessitated a con siderable vest. Now that she has quite re covered she intends to at once begin- -work at the Sliule h'clinol of Art— Mr. W. E. Sladc, Assistant Engineer of Harbours and jetties, who is en trusted with the work of ordering' a vertical pipemaking plant for the South Australian Government, av rived by the overland route from Miir; seilles on Monday. He will proceed to the A-'idlands on Tuesday to prosecute en nuiries.— Miss Vera Kelly, elilest daughter of }Jr. Frank Kelly, of the AgentGene ral's oince., is suffering from rheumatism. She is confined to her bed, but the phy sician hopes to cheek the malady and pre vent it from becoming chronic— Mr. B. Thomson has lately, been deriving his motor ear in the eity,- andl has found plenty of practice among the dense traffic. He is now motoring to Scotland.— -Mr. C. K. Cud: n-.orQ. arrivc»l in London la.st week. He will -shortly proceed to Oxford to enter upon his duties.*' ? ? . . Mr. G. A. Reynolds, formerly art mas- ter of the Education Department, Ade- laide, arrived in England, with Mrs. Rey- nolds and their two children, about a month ago by the Medic. They have spent some time in North Wales and the Mid- lands, and have now come to London in order that Mr. Rey- nolds may bring himself quite up to date in the progress of art matters. Later he will visit Birmingham and Man- chester, and subsequently go over to Paris, with the same object in view. Mr. Rey- nolds has severed his connection with the Ballarat School of Art, and may probably return to Adelaide early in January, though I believe it is just possible, should, sufficient inducement offer, that he may re- main in England. — Miss Crcswell will re main in England for several months longer. For some time she has been staying out of town, but will shortly come to London to visit .friemte.— Mr. and Mrs. Knapman, of Port Adelaide, sailed to-day for. South Aus tralia in the China.— Mr. S. 11. Kearne, who was a resident of South Australia in the early days, and was once part owner of Oakland?, continues to still retain a keen interest in Australian affairs, al though he has been resident in England for very many years. Yesterday1 he called at Threadneedle House to enjoy a chat ?with the Agent-General. . —Political.— .. Mr. John P. Sutherland had the suUst faction of nearly treliling the Libeiul Majo rity at the Elgin election'. , He polled. 2,474 votes against 1,021 recorded for tjns Conser vative candidate, or a majority cf .1.433; .in, the. previous contest the Libord lKf-mbuv secured only 550 majority. The new mecr b'er*s party consider U»c figures indicate another severe blow to M!r. Cbaniberlam's nolicy. Since the beginnins of the fiscal campaign the various by-elections have chansed the Conservative majority of 20 in the 42 districts in question to a Liberal majority of 12 in those districts. Professor George Brandes, the famous Danish writer, whose treatise on filiak speare is -Kiell luiown in tliis countrj-, says in The.Politiken:— '\Ve sincerely entertain a irish for the prosperity and 'success of England. Nothing better could happen to ?us than to become a protectorate of Eng land, and if that, linked with perfect free dom, was secured, for us',' then, according to my opinion and that of M. Pesclike lvoedt, our present nominal freedom would not hi too dear to sacrifice. If this be called .treachery against my country, I will willingly submit ., to the, name of a tniitoiy What we have here in Denmark of political culture we have for the greater part re-' ceived from England, tire Aome of Parlia mentai-y freedom. Intellectually we owe a large debt to England, but we are never afraid of being buried under it, because it is nt the same time one of our greatest iissets.' President Roosevelt is reported to fcivc told a representative of The Petit Pari sien that he was forced to make peace be tween Japan and ^Russia simply in the cause of humanity. The struggle was brought about' by a misunderstanding for which a solution could easily have been found. In the result the Japanese have obtained all they wished for excepting the indemnity, and the nation has won a place among the sreat world Powers. Although his influence may have led to the abandon ment of the indemnity; the diplomatic vic tory rests with M. Wittc. The Japanese Tcmaincd obdurate for so long because they failed to realize that Kussia never intend ed to pay an indemnity, and when he (Mr.' Roosevelt) had ceased to hope for success they relented. The President's prophecy as to the future/ of Japan expresses what many other people sec looming in the distance. He thinks the Land of the lining Sun will be come a dangerous rival to .. England America, and Germany from. a commercial standpoint, lie believes that she will ex pand enormously, and follow the Western nation* in, the path of progressive civiliza tion. . It is suited 'that Count Tolstoy and Ma\mi Gorkv will offer them£elv«2s. foi election 10 the new Russian Impcnid Duma. —Military. — Lord Kitchener, great soldier though he lie, is not above criticism, at least so thinks Inc Times of' India.. ''We have never admitted,' it says, 'and.' we still. de dine to admit, that there is any!, sufficient .lustiiKation for the extraordinary- revet - once paid to the views of Lord Kitchener We dislike his brutal, and domineering methods, we hold that it hns still to be proved— in war as in peace— that he has the phenomenal capacity, ascribed to him, we mistrust his attitude towards the civil administration, and we condemn tlio tac tics by which he has gained his ends.' ' Mjr.-Gen. George Methall, who died Inst month at Barnstaple. bequeathed over £8.0,000 to legatees: ' £35,C00 went to hU servants; his housekeeper is. to have two houses, £15,000, and one-tbird of the re sidue of the estate, say £ 10,000; the house maid gofcs £1.400; the cook £900. and aP the ether servants one year's wages apiece. —Literary — Miss Allonby, the voung school teacher awl author whose cjcatii bv suicide caused such a widespread sensation last week, ap parently contemplated the fatal deed a long time before she put it into execution. A publisher's manager who had seen the book entitled 'Fulfilment,' to which she so earnestly desired to direct attention that she destroyed herself in order to at tain that end, has stated that in the first part a young school mistress finds herfc'.f impelled by Divine power to write a booK. She writes it, and then takes her own life. There was much in the manuscript that was calculated to shock good folk, and when the publisher wrote to Miss Allonby suggesting emendations she replied— 'Of course, I am a bit frightened of the world, but. believe me. I nm a great deal more frightened of Hod— real fear. That is wh.it makes me write coinmonsense about hea ven, instead of twaddle. I want the boo!, published as it ' is. So 'far 'as being the writer of the book goes. I am perfectly im personal. I would cut it down to the very, last shred if I was so dictated to. But J cannot. The first part of the book is true. Man can witness that, and for 'the 're- mainder God is witness.' The publishi.Y was in correspondence with the strange young author up to the momens of her traRic^leath. Mr. A. G. If ales believes there* is a rood opening for the employment of Eng ish capital in a new daily paper for Mel bourne. Writing in London Opinion on what such a paper should be, Mi1. Hales says it must be tolerant as well as wise, and brave and fearless enough to give due fcljedit to its .opixments in thought, for it is a ?Democratic' organ that is required. 'In religious matters it must be bold enough to voice a wrong and broad; enough to admit that there are many win dows to heaven, and that all are open to the true believer, even if his evening hymn and morning prayer may differ in tone and tune from its own. No shoddy newspaper venture will win out there. It must be a big thing, one of the best.' Mr. Robert Vernon Harcourt, a son of :he late Liberal statesman, has made a bid for fame as a playwright. His comedy 'An Angel Unawares' was produced this week on tne boards of Terry's Theatre. The cri tics do not offer Mr. Harcourt much en couragement. One remarks that he hardly knew whether lie was assisting at a farce or a. sermon, calls several of the characters undeniable bores, and says the comedy though interesting in. its way, is hardly the sort of tlrinjrthat many people will pay. to see. Mr. Harcourt's friends attend ed m force, and did their best to give the play,.! good start, but it seems to have fallen flat. \- ?' — Scientific. — Professor Darwin, opening the Victoria Falls Ikidge, as President of the British As sociation, whose 'representatives are now .visiting South Africa, quoted a prophetic :hou«ht of his great- grandfather, Erasmus Darwin, who wrote in 1785:— . :. Span;, shaft, they arm unconrniercd steam' afar, lirRB the slow .barge and draw the flvinir car. As the professor aptly remarked, how little could his progenitor have foreseen, that his great-grandson would have opened' a rail Avay. bridge m the heart of Equatorial Af rica! The great Cape to Cairo railway scheme, is a child of Cecil Rhodes's bram and before arriving at Zambeis the mem bers of the British Association repaired to the Matapos and reverently uncovered be iore the tomb of the greai Englishman, who 'thought in continents.' '' ' ' . —Medical.— ? Dr. Stumpf, of Wurtzburff, states thai lie h.is sniccessfully. treated a number of persons suffcrins from cholera bv ?«dmin;s- terins powdered clay, whicii ijiuuedijiely EOTCbts vomiting and causes the fever to subside within lialf an hour. The patieni is denied ''food -and 'alcohol for 24 hours. With the possibility of a vigiiution bv this dreadful scourge the nervous Dortion o£ the public finds tiomfort in reading up i emc ilics. : .',.'... ? Dr. T. Cavendish JIolsou, o£ Wimpole street, is a believer in ivaat seems much like. a mystic charm as a specific against cholera. He advises the - suspension from the neck by a silken thread it a roppcr 'disc, Avhish must rest upon tue abdomen. The skin will absorb, sufficient copper to prevent the. disease. H,c- points cut tha;t workers in copper mines are absolutely immune from choldra. —Religious.— Tlie Ecv. J. H. Smyth-Pigotfc has one wholehearted dupe under his spell in the person of his secretary, the ex-stockbroker Mr. C. S: Bead. That zentlcraan was a director of the Vis A'itac Bread Company, anr, an cstraordinarj- genctal meeting was held this week to reirove liim from office because his connection witn the Agat.« monites operated ajraia«t the interests of the company. Mr. Read refused to 'es'i?n, as lie felt that the principle of religious freedom was involved. He addressed the shareholders in a calm voice, and point out that five of the seven 'ifuatories who formed the present company -''Jt of the old one. which &-t into diiiiasities. were connected with the Apapemonite body, and on a capital of £20,000 they netted ',£G.5O3 profit annually. This was a omulete an swer to the statement that tlio conipanv suffcK-d because of their eenn-i^ion with that body. ''That succ«*.' said 3Ir. Read solemnly, 'was due to those Vno acknrw ledged Brother Pi-ince as sent bv God to prepare the way for the con'iine cf the Lord Jesus Christ. Bebcvi: me. it is not in the interests of the company, but it is because I know that the Lord Jesus Chnsc has come again and is now. d^ellinj; at the Asapcmone. and because 51 my firm adher ence to that belief in spite of the hatred and contempt poured -upon him, that I am tlu» cast out by my colleagues.'' On a ioll being taken Mr. Read was deprived of ? his directorship by 40,770 Votes against 2,953.- ' ' ? E Gen. Booth arrived in London on j Saturday for the first time since his return 3 from Australia. The Chairman of the Lon- j don County Council received him at Mile- ., End, and the pood old man, iinished his t mctor tour of 2,250 miles at the Albert - all, where he was received with great en- ; thusiasm. It was rumoured that the Gene- ] ral had made up his nu'nd to enter Parlia ment, but he has disclaimed any such in- i tention. The kindly old mafficiau invaii- - ably speaks with an earnestness that- is ] fascinating. In reply to the Chairman of ( the L.C.C. he said:— 'This spot is sacred ] to my spirit. Forty yeaiy ago I stood al- - 'niost on this very ground, and lifting up 1 lhy eyes to God I asked His blessing on , what wa^ to be my life work. Around me ?- were wretchedness, misery, blasphemy, s poverty, poverty, poverty. * I consecrated 1 myself and all that was mine on earth to ; the cause of the Godless crowds. I am pre- , pared to fight and die for the salvation of ? the people.' ; llr. Alexander, the revivalist, at a Tor fey- Alexander mission service on Sunday ; eveninK, whieli was attended by 5,000 people in Sheffield, averted a panic by call ins on bis choir to sing the 'Glory song.' It seems that hundreds of people had con- ] gregiited outside the Artillery DriJJ Hall, the buildiuu bcinjr full, and some endea voured to force aw entrance while others tried to get out, thus causing a block in the doorway. A cry of fire was raised, and the crowd rose and made a frantic rush 1 for the aisles'. But the 'Glory song' calmed the storm, the attention of everybody was arrested, and in a few seconds the danger was over and self- control had been rcstor 'ed; ? . : ?/'??? -??:? ??- ' ? \ ? :?.'; — Philanthropic— . .;..'?' 'Mr. Joseph Fcls is not satisfied wth the Woolwich Guardians' refusal of his offer of a farm in.Kentfor.thebenejit of work hdiise inmates..' The 'public-spirited philau thrdpist offers 500 acres, with 05 additional acres adjoining, to 'he: given, in small hold ings to the most deserving of the men after they have proved themselves and. their trainins;. One reason for the refusal is that only '100 acres are required, as not more than. 30 or 40 inmates would be.capable of 'benefiting under the ? scheme. ?. Perhaps .tlie Guardians would find it easier to con tinue reliet under present conditions than to undertake the administration of Mr.. Fels's bounty, with its consequent neces sary, instruction and true assistance to tho 'ilabby derelkrls -who inhabit workhouses. . —Legal.— -...'.'. .?????? Miss Lilian Grey, the 'clever young ^ac tress, who is better known to the public under her stage name of .Aida Lutina, has j appeared for the - fourth . time before -the': Clerkenwell Police Court on a charge cf annoying nien in Russell ' square, '_ and. . is | again. under remand. ' : The case is exciting j considerable' public interest. Several ? wit- |i nesses gave evidence against the accused, including the brother of her landlord and; her bootmaker, but when the. solicitor for the defence put a Tube Railway crane driver into the box a sensation was creat ed. . This witness swore that the arrest ing constable came to him nine days after the arrest and tried to induce him to give false evidence , to the effect that when he (the.cranedriverl saw the arrest from his work at the station there was another man' coming up the street, while the fact w^as t|*it nobody was in the street but Miss Grey and the constable when the latter apprehended her. Two young Dutchmen, to whom Miss Grey appealed while being taken to the station, said there was no body else in the street when the ' constable and Miss Grey met them, and she did not accost them. . Judge Eaglesoh's .decision to pass sen tence on a Melbourne young woman found guilty, of .theft, unless the jirisoner were married within a month, is recorded op portunely, Avhile so much correspondence is going 'on regarding a similar decision by a London Magistrate, mentioned in my laefc week's letter. But the fact, that two Judges have acted, in this manner will not convince those earnest scribes who are pro testing' with .intense feeling against^ mar riage being used as a substitute for impri sonment. ,Mr. Curtis Bennett, ' the \ Westminsten Police Magistrate, .this week' refused, an exemption certificate to a conscientious objector in a manner that impels one to cmestion .whether tbe Act of Parliament is not improperly used by Magistrates. to enforce their owa views on the question nf vapr-infif.inn. The obiector declared that ie;' conscientiously believed that vaeeina- , ion would be 'prejurious' to the 'health \ )f his child. Mr. Curtis-Sennett stuck at \ ;he word 'prejurious,' though be well ; l\i|CW the applicant's meaning, and tlie Tioor fellow, who had a medical certificate ' :b,'show that the death of. one of his eiiil Ir'en \vas due to vaccination, was' sent way. This stickling for form rather than aaise,. for tte letter rather than the spirit, -s; typically English, and it. extends even nto business raethods, to the detriment of John Bull's trade returns. —Sporting.— xi . JNIr. Lionel Robinson has just purchased i, couple of splendid yearlings. For a slaughter of Gallinaie— Virginia Earle he Ettiye 1,800 gs., and also secured a colt by St. Simon— Society Lady. At Doneaster yesterday Mr. Robinson's Costly Lady won the. Scarborough Stakes in a manner that jreatly pleased lier, backers, who now think tier good enough, to win the Cesarewitch. Mr. E. L. fleinemann was another Ade laide man whose colours were, first past the post at Doncaster. With Achilles he won. the Champagne Stakes, of 30 sovs. each, with £1,000 added. Mr. Iiudolph Henning recently won four races — the Elvaston. Xursery. Plate' falling to liis two-year-old Nydian at Derby, at Doncaster Best Light won the Welter and Air Ship the great Yorkshire IDindica.p, and yesterday Xeny won the , Portland Piate ou the same course, with 0 st. 12 1b. up. Brewer, who has been training for Mr. Ecnning, will probably relinquish the, care, of the ex-Adelaidean's horses at the dnd of the season., ..'?.' i\Ir.. Victor Trumper and. his wife arc now on tue Continent, making a short tour before - embarking . for home on a - ? German- liner at Genoa. — Messrs. Darling, v Gregory, Hoivell and Kelly embarked to- day. on the P. and Csteamer China for A-ustralia, The other members of the team will .remain in. Eng land for a wedi .or two, returning in two or three parties by such boats as best suit their convenience. A writer on cricket says Cotter is . persuading the Britons more of his capacity, while Armstrong re mains an abiding- mainstay of the Austra lian attack. Tlic scribe voices, the, general opinion when ha remarks? — 'How -strong is the eleven which ^as yet utterly failed in its. primary obj&ct;, its performances continually - emphasize.' Hirst has for the second time . \ scored over 2,000 runs and taken over 100 wickets in a season, a performance never l;efore equalled ?by any cricketer. Even Grcce himself is at las* vanquished in this particular. He, Townsend,' and Jea5op have each perform ed the feat once, but the Yorkshireman lias managed to obtain, the. coveted figures on two successive seasons. He has jcoitc into the toffee business, and many cricket ers; chew hLs confectionery. Clem Hill, in making his 181 against Tliornton's Eleven, played with iriore care than he has re cently displayed, though when occasion of fered he. smote with terrific force. When Boainquct tried 'googlics' on him the Adelaide man came at them with merciless decision, maldnqr them appear quite absurd. He was in one of his happy moods. niiJ now and then seemed more than half in clined' to shake a rhythmic les to the tune played by the Scots Guards' Band. . C. \\}. Fry is pretty certain to hem! the list in the batting averages, liis figures at present showinc just over 70 runs per innir-e- Hirst is now second with 51. The bnvrlin;: averages will most probablv be headed hv Haish (15.13), W. C. Smith, and Rhodi-a in the order named. . Miss Kellerman, the Australian swimmer. Was a competitor in a swimming rnee in the S?eine on Sunday, when thousands 'o; Parisians turned out to see the sport. The course wife down stream from the Pi-rU National at Bercy to the railway viaduct at Autenil, a distance of about seven miles. Pauliis. the French representative, was first, his time being 3h. 2!)m.; Burpess second. 4h. 2?m.; Holbein third. 4h. 4Sm.; and Jliss Kellerman fourth, 4h. 5Sm. Four other contestants pave up the attempt. /? head- -nrind. amountinz to half a cale, midc projrress difficult. M.i-? Kellcnuan w;;s much exhausted, and her plucky swimming earned tbe encouragement - it re ceived from the crowd, who cheered her on with cries of 'Vive rAnstralienni.! ' Miss Kellerman is a preat favourite in Paris, whither she has eone as the guest of The Auto journal. She has been photograph ed on innumerable occasions, and is feted wherever she goes. On enterine a box at one of the theatres she was rcc-ojmised by the audience, and heartily cheered. When she- pives an exhibition of her skill at the Delisnv Iwths tlie money charged for ad mission will be handed over to her in the changed form of a present. One London paper say* she has had three offers of mar riage- from Frenchmen, several of whom kissed her wiicn she came exhausted out of the Seine. But on that occasion kissing was coin*: on all round, -winners and losers beinc trrated with equal generosity.— Bur- pess m^'le bis sixth attempt to swim the Channel on Tuesday, but gave wp after 3i hours in the water. He was attacked wiih nausea and internal pain, the result of eating a hearty, meal an hour before starting. . —General.— Fanny Sodwjjy and Mary Mulldoey, de- i J cribed as tall fair-haired cirls, who, accord- ' ngj to their own statement, bailed from Jeibourne. were suspected of pocketpick ii},' in Paris. Near the Arc de Trioinphe 1 detective caught them in the act of cut ing a watch cluiin with, a pair of nippers :oncealed at the end of a parasol stick ind worked by means of a spring. They lave been remanded. . ; Sir George Young, Bart., of Cookham, is vithstandiiia enroachmenl in a very for ?ible manner upon what he deems to be his ?ipiits. A few of his neighbours in thai; ielightful riverside vicinity have twice Provided bathing facilities for ladies in a ' ;pot near to the baronet's property, and sielr tiine Sir George ban destroyed the lam built to obtain the required 'bo sin for | ivater. On the* second occasion of his dc- 1 itructive s;dly he [Milled down the tent j provided for eight ladies, and threw it in the' water to float down the stream. He claims right of common, and in spite of j threats is determined to uphold his privi leges as a citizen. Mr. llubohinson, the Lord Mayor '.of Dublin, has given his vote in favour of in creasing the salary paid -to the occupant of ?'. the otiice from. £1,687 -o £5,687. ' The', motion was -carried by a majority; of one.^ Mr. Hutchinson's term, has still six months i to run. For 39 S'eareTirior :to 18S1 the salary was £2,600 a j^car; for a long time if, stood at £3.500; but last year, it; was re duced to £1,687. A large section of the public strongly opposes the increment.! One of the .Councillors remarks thtat in pre sent circumstances the position is closed- to a' working man— £5,000 a year- would, not wet the whistles of those who attend the Mansion -House' festivities to get a drink.' He called for the abolition of the Punch, and : Judy show 'business. All the working men on the council voted against the in crease. The borough fund shows a deficit of £13,000. ... . 