DANES AS AGRISTJLTUHAL ISTS. To the Editor. Sir,-Living in the country the ques- tion of immigration naturally occupies my thoughts a good deal, and I was greatly disappointed with some remarks made by Mr. Lefroy, our late Agent General, as contained in tho "Western Mail" of May 20. To one statement especially I wish to take execution. Mr. Lefroy 6ays : -'I do not mean to say that the Germans or the Danes or Swedes would not make good settlers hut the people of mir own race are much easier to get at," etc.. etc. Unan nrhac¿ grounds does Mr. Lefroy. make thia assertion ? Let us connue ourselves to tile Danes, Denmark being, par ""excel- lence, the« most advanced agricultural community in tho world, and, conse- quently, of most moinent to the question at issue. Denmark is only a few hours by rail from London, or, to be correct, from Calais. Now, knowing the need ot Western Australia for agricultural set- . tiers, ^did Mr. Lefroy take the trouble to go to Denmark and ascertain for himself the probability of obtaining snit <able -immigrants-from there, and ateo to report to his Government upon the conditions prevailing in a country, that, on account of - its dairying and other rural industries, must, of necessity, be of great interest ito everybody in West- ern Australia? If Mr. Lefroy did not do this, then he has not acted in the best interest of this State. The liane, whether cane-growing in tropical Queens' land or hewing a home for himself in the Gippsland forest, has always proved himself to be a successful settler. Should anyone doubt this then let him-'go to Poowong, in Gippsland, or ~Dannevicke, in New Zealand, and he will receive a valuable lesson m husbandry and co- operative fanning. Danish butter ex- perts were employed by the Victorian Government and it was owing to their technical skill and practical handling that the industry rose to its present dimensions. The Dane is about the only foreigner who assimilates with the Anglo-Saxon, and their children, born in these colonies, are Australians in the best and truest sense of the word. Mr. Lefroy's statements are freely in- terlarded with the words "foreigners" and "Empire." I have not the slight- est objection to his aggressive patriot- ism, but the question is, will it fill the vacant spaces on our map, or obtain for us the right class of colonist ? lijs not much use for us to yell "Australia for the English" while we are being over- run by the dregs from the East End or by inferior Latin nationalities, who will not go on the land ; will not even remain here after they have earned sufficient for their purpose. Now. the gist of the matter is this: I am in a position to know that we could easily attract a practically un- limited quantity of most desirable agri- cultural immigrants, provided we went about it in the right manner. When 1 say desirable immigrants, I mean a class of men equally at homo behind the plough or in the laboratory, men train- ed from their infancy in the use of the rifle, and possessing an education fitting them for a seat in the capitol of any country in the world. But Mr. Lefroy will none of them, so what are we to dof Are our soils to romain unfilled, our resources and industries unexploited, and our national life and progress to bc endangered by obsolete insular pre- judices and national hatred? Let us hope not. Rather, let Australia gather to her shores everything that is gooo a*id useful and noble; in short, the best that the world can produce, and some of us will live to see this our fair land I of promise changed into a glorious.reai ¡ty. -Yours, etc., ' Y. TL CLAUSEN. í Jennacubbine May 24. 1 