LAND SETTLEMENT. SOMK TROPOSALS. Mr Waldemar llanuow writes:— Perhaps the must serious charge brought against the English landowners bo been that lJir»v tlmrlvi'il thn inmniunltv of it commons. Although 1 believe In curb cao thu common wab paid for, nevertheless It wu felt as a grcst Injustice to the victimised' parties. Here in Victoria each Minister of I.md, wlHhltig to appear more liberal than hi pre decessor. most rccklotsl)- sacrifices cur re serves. commons and mission stations, and la rum! ('.ire unscrupulous family combination# are ready tn take possession of tlio lands, how- over much tiiey already possess. ' In & fow days. It appears, another aeramblo la. to ,toko, place, at the Kberaczer Mission Station, near Dim- boola. when 21 block of land from 100 to 1<» acre each are to be proseulwl to iU many lucky nppilcani. while eight time as muiy other applicants will have to go empty away. Now. If these blocks had been cut up Bito 20-acrn block, all thu applicant could hnvo hern supplied without anyone being specially favored. As all our so-called farmers nnw only cultivate one acre In every 8 or 9 acre held by them, it Is evident thnt there cannot bo any rent want of large block of land for romu time to come. I therefore have three proposals 1\. That the Government for the future should, with the exception of the. Malice' tand, only sup ply small holdings, say, of- 29 acre, each, for horticultural purposes. 2\. That no one abould for tbe future bo al lowed t acquire more than' block of land Independent of a residence site. < 3\. That all agricultural nnd pastoral lan d should be trratrd as auriferous land have all along been trratcl. namely, a certain number of worker should be engaged upon a certain . number of acres held. ' If tbeso three proposals wcro adopted, I think both tho land question, the unemployed ques tion and the Immigration question would soon bo solved. With regard to my second proposal this ta the law In Denmark, and (ho Danish Consulate here ha kindly written to the Danish Government for a ropy of the law there In force for the guidance of the Lands department here.' 