THE MIKASA DISASTER. London, Sept. 23. Captain Iwichi, commander of the sun ken Japanese battleship Mikasa, tried to commit suicide by jumping out of a window. He was seriously injured. Mr. WV. C. James, the Agent-General of Western Australia, writes to the Times in protest against the imputation of the MIelbourne corresporident of the "Econo mist" on the honesty of the Labour party. Mr. James states that when the 95 per cent. of the Britishb opulationi of the Common wiealth ceases to be honest it should gire' rise to serious misgivings respecting the honesty of the British race as a whole. The Danish Minister for Agriculture, Mr. O. Hansen, has visited London for the putr pose of arranging for more rapid transit to Great Britain and better handling of agricultural produce from Denmark than now obtain. The Earl of Dudley, Vicerov of Ireland, had a narrow escape from deaih. on Friday: While yachting with two friends on Loch Erne the boat in a squall capsized. The three clung to the bottom of the yacht, and were rescued just as it was sinking. Lord Dudley is none the worse for his adventure. Ba?ds of robbers infest the distr'et of BRl."' in the Caucasus. Tihe brigands have attacked many trains. In one instance 53 passerngers were wounded, and oue was killed. Cossoacks in this train, firing volleys upon the robbers, sav ed the mails. Osung to tfihe fear of cholerm some villages in Galioia, Austria, are totally desered. In Peus sdo there bhave been 227 maes of cholera, wt' 78 deaths. Three deaths from cholera aro re ported from Lodz,: Poland. Fifteen largo hteamuers have been chartered to sail from, Corunna, Spain, in September and October, to convey immigrants to South Amre rica. Four oft'cials of the Schwartzchlild and Sulz bergecr Packing Company, Qbicago. hlave been fined a total of £5000 for consp:racy to necept ra lrorad rebates. Canada complains that the Japaneso have stired .a aihooner laden with salt, hound for Saghalien. The death is announced of Colonl Frane:'s (Frank)k William Rhodes, elder brother of the late Mr. Cc'1 Rlhodes, aged 54 years. Death, whiolh took place at OCaspeowr. was due to blaekwtcer fever. contradted in Uganda. Duff. Cotter. Hill, Newland, and Armstrong are rdturning to Australia by the R.M.S. Om ralh; and Noble Hopkins, Laver, and Gehrs by the Orantes. M?Leood will also probably return by tho Omrah. The Riksdag of Sweden and the Stnrihing of Norway w:ill ineet on October 10 to discuss the result of 'tso Karlland Conference, which agreed upon a scheme of scparatiion between the two I countries. The collapteo of the Quay o thello southll side of Antwerp lhas been stopped. mhe chief Marengo, in German South-West, Africa, has broken ithe sentisb!cet' and has osp turod 200 of Major Eckhart's horses and cattle. The fire on the Japanese battleship Mikasa is attr'buted at Tolkio to an explosion at the outset. leading to a greater explos'on. Otherwtive, it is contended. Ilho veteran crew of the vessel, ac oustomed to formidabte emorgencies, would certainly ihave extingus:ahed the flames. The Novons Vremya and the Bourse Oazette. both of St. Petersburg, suggest the ocqu'sitoa by Russia of the right of a free passage lthroughl ho Dardanelles as a pramcic?l bas:s of an un derstanding betwena Russia and Great Britain. Herr BRebel, in a resolution before the con gress of soo'alists at Jena, accuses all otler parties in Germany of wisthing to combat the growth of social democracy by the limitation or aboition of manhlood suffrage. He proposes in prinoiplo a general st:r;ko of all industries as the best method of eounteracting their inten tion. The Amalgamated Society of Railway cer vnits has, by a large majority, voted for a com Iulsory annuall levy of is per head for expenses of Parliarnentary candidates and for the pay ment of labour members eected. Admiral Jcsses cand Admiral Slhimnamurs met in Corniloff Bay, on the Siberian coast, and ag?reed on a zone froam which warships and eontrabandl of war should bo excluded. Tihe na,? rowest portion of tho Tartary Straits between Saghatlien and the mainland will be neutral un til the treaty of peace is ratified. Admiral Shi mamura gave a pass to a stleamer with provi sions foer Komschatkhs President Roosevelt has informed a confer. eneo of the leading politJ3'ans at Oyster Bay that tlhe Czar, desiring 'to sunmon a conference of Powers at the Hague to supploment the work of hoe original Iagse Confereno helsL in 1899 Baron von Rosen, the Russian Minister at Washinglon, inquired iwhethier he (President Rosecvelt) was quito willing to waive Iris claim to summos tile conference inl viewv of the illitisl steps whlicl he had takenI in 1904. President Roosevelt replied that he would be delighted to accede to tie suggestion, and Mr. Et Root tIlo Seoretary of State, will draft a formal reply. 