FOREIGN NEWS. M. Clemente!, the French Minister' for the Colonies, states that tb© re- organisation of the French Congo has been progressing for years." An «xperímentel, treaty, he adds, has been concluded with . the'.. Niger JÍiver Çàinpany. for the : carriage, of supplied tb the French troops' at Lake Chad, with a view to. abolishing the horrible abuses of porterage,. , The Hungarian coalition's manifesto declares that some points of th« lSirf peror Francis Joseph's programme are unconstitutional. Among these special complaint is made of His Majesty's at- titude on the army question and the abolition of Hungary's right to control ite own affairs* Manila, the capital of the Fhilip ÎHIM'S, and the surrounding district jaye .been swept by a typhoon. Teai Filipinos were killed and thou- sands lia ve been rendered homeless. I The Powers have addressed a Mote [ to the Porte requesting the latter to i issue instructions that will enable the international représentatives now " at Salonika to begin immediately their functions as financial administrators in Macedonia. France and Germany have, at last agreed upon the programme to bo sub- mitted to the Moroccan Conference. Count Lamsdorff, the Russian Minis- ter for Foreign Affairs, assured the Masher of Elibank (Alexander W. C. O. Murray), M.PL for Midlothian, that tho Czar desired an entente cordiale and closer commercial relations with Great Britain. M. Witte, the Russian Peace Envoy, has returned to St. Petersburg* where he received an ovation. Geneial Stoessel,. the defender of Port Arthur during thc late siege, is afflicted by paralysis of the side. . Lord Brassey has offered to erect in southern ICàly. at" his own expense, a large number of wooden cottages on English models .for the sufferers' by the recent earthquake. The Itallian Government have. gratefully accepted Lord Brassey's generous offer. China., since the conclusion of the Russo-Japanese peace treaty, has per- emptorily refused Germany s fresh de- mands for mining and railway tonces sions in the Shantung province. A convention of life insurance- com- missioners in the State of New Hamp- shire U.S.A., have recommended the imposition of legislative restrictions as to the class of securities in which in- surance companies may invest. The Commercial Pacific Cable Co- of the United States has obtained con- cessions giving it the right to extend its San Francisco-Honolulu-Guam-Ma ! nila cable to Yokohama and Shanghai. The Japanese, it is stated, will win- ter at Alexandrovsk, in Siberia, because the prevalent snows and heavy gales are likely 'to render it impossible, meanwhile, to withdraw the troops into Japanese territory. According to reports from St. Peters- burg Count de Witto, at the Czar'B in- stance, is promoting an alliance with Germany, . While appreciating the benefits of the AngLo-iTapanese alliancel, the jpeopLe of thé Canadian province of British Columbia still object to the immigration bf Asiatics. Under, the^ Franco-German agree- ment in regard to the Moroccan Con- ference, the Powers are to be invited to assist the Sultan to re-establish per- sonal safety in Morocco, to restore financial stability, and to ensure the better collection of the taxes. The Court Party at Tokio haye com- pelled M.. Nakamura, one of the six professors of the Imperial . University who recently denounced the peace set- tlement, to resign, ' An' attempt to assassinate President Palma, of Cuba, by derailing his rail- way car, on Sunday, failed! in its object. A' certain foreign Government liav ing deciphered spine American official despatches, President Roosevelt has authorised a new system. The Chinese steamer Hsie-ho has been blown, up by a floating mine off the coast- of Shantung. Fifteen per- sons perished. The wai' correspondents and foreign attaches who have returned to Tokio from the front agre6 that at the mo- ment peace was signed the Japanese position was such as to make an over- whelming defeat of General Linevitch practically certain. Baron Kiyoura. the Japanese Min- ister of Agriculture and Commerce, has assured the Tokio Chamber of Commerce that the Government ave about to improve and extend their carrying facilities by land and water. Twenty army storehouses afc - Hiro- shima, a Japanese city on the Island o f Hondo, were destroyed on Sunday by fire. Tlie damage is estimated at 1,000,000 sterling. Incendiarism is sus- pected. The Danish Government has submit- ted to the Riksdag a Bill, the object of which is to create a State Mort- gage Bank, which shall guarantee Credit. Fonder bonds. The police of Chicago are searching the pawnshops of the city for jewels valued at £200,000, including an an- cient Irish crown, stolen from Mr. John Mulhall's residence in Dublin, during a ball, by two men who are known to the .Chicago police. Raisuli, tho Moroccan bandit chief, who some months ago became reconcil- ed to the Sultan, who appointed him a Kaid, with authority ±o maintain or- der in his district, has captured three Algerians, whom ne is holding for a ransom. , 