Australia's Need. Qiestiii of Immigration. Settlement Scheme Outlined. Favoured 6y Sir Horace Tozer. Queensland's land laws are admittedly, not of that character likely to encourage to any extent land settlement by Immi gration. "Supposing 500 immigrants wcro brought to the Stato to-morrow, in search of land, what woultl you do with them '!" I he departmental official looked puzzled —he paused— then replied. "Nothing I" ho confessed. A person wanting to got on the land in Queensland lias to go through the routine which legislation directs. He has to be come an applicant, then a baltoter, and if lilck is not his at first, he must go through the process often enough till lio succeeds in the gamble. In the second edition of yesterday's "Telegraph" was published an interview with Sir llnrncc Tozer concerning tho me- lliods of nrogress adopted by Canada. Would similar systeny; succeed in Austra lia, liberal as they are ? Sir Horace did not think so. The advantages of Canada being so clure to England would weigh in favour of the country across ,tho Atlan tic. Australia, lie contends, must go one better, if she is to participate in Iho an nual stream from the United Kingdom of poop a in search of homes abroad. The Agent-General, being a practical man, looks for some hope of participating if Uiu acquirement of land is made onsv aud community' of sel-flrmenl, encouraged But Die physical features of the most fa voured districts in Queensland nro such that to work out this method irrigation woultl avail t to be tackled in one of tlio western Parts, close to railway communi cation. p ,e colony could be. founded ox- poinncnlally A gentleman in England has propounded a scheme which ho has submitted to .Sir Horace. The. writer lavs Ins cksc out i:i tin's way : — wr'nl3"5;, i"C"?lu -who tm"' across Canada wiitc such glowing accounts of the con ditions ol the country and people's pros- peiily, „r perhaps it would Im more cor- icci, to say arc credited with such ac counts, that f thought it quite possible yon may have been impressed in Hie same, way l a in sure win understand that. I ani not writing with a. grievance., hut Hiinply from a desire lo sec Canada and Queensland made attractive to English Tanners and their children. I know mini- ' Iters of farmers who have sent their sons in trades and professions because thev knew that it would be practically iui- I possible to gel Ihem farms if they fol lowed farming. In Canada the land is I surveyed into townships or settlements : six miles square, divided and numbered into quarter sections id' ICO acres each, i certain numbers cf v/nicli arc free grant I land, the balance belonging to railway ! companies. Large blocks of land arc sur veyed and thrown opcii for selection, with . the result that people get scattered nbouL 1 over a great area, making transport, nri- j ministration, education, Sc., very much more expensive. I should like to see a township set aside and developed oil sim ilar lines to an estate in England, with tins difference, that the settlers only pay for actual work done, mid interest oil capital expended.' By reserving the most central section to fore.' a town lot, which I would suggest should contain cream ery, flour mil!, abattnits, and any other buildings for the conversion of farm pro duce into high-class foods, run for pre ference on the Danish system ef co-opera tive ownership, and any land sold or leased in the town for private building, &c.;, should l.e in relief of rates, or for general improvement.'; ; all land required for religious buildings, independent of seel, or recreative purposes, should lie given free. The social ami educational advantages would be equal if not super ior lo tho best of our English small loans and villages, just as good as tliey cared to make. them. "We. should have Ml) farms each of IliU acres. On each should lie erected a dwell ing-house, reasona Ide larin buildings, fences, drains, Ac. My preference for gal vanised iron externally, instead of wood, is less danger from (ire, also durability, cheapness, anil quickness of erection. 1 consider bricks are out of lliu question for farms in a new country, because in ex pense. I believe that if this idea could lie carried out on lines as suggested that .blifill lo £','1)9 per farm would make (hem compare favourably with holdings of a like size in England. I am sure that practical farmers Willi a few hundred pounds capital are a much larger class than most, people imagine— men who would jump at taking a place as de scribed. hut who will not risk their time and money in pioneer work >n a r.ew country. "As you are a ware, both in Manitoba and the North-west Territory, wheat is grown on thousands of acres year after year, with the result that the laud is im poverished, and must ill a few vcars reach llu: point when it will not grow a paying crop. If the crop fails it nanus ruin to many, or if Hie crop is a bumper one the grower has difficulty lo gel Hie I necessary labour, besides lowered prices. ! By keeping twenty cows, the same nuiil- j bor of pigs, and a few score cattle or | sheep, tlie farmer would not have all his j eggs in one basket, and greatly improve his holding, if grieved me very much lo sec farmers burning their straw in the, west, instead ol having cattle lo convert it into manure. If everything was made the best of, the separated milk, Ike. straw and offals, from the wheat of the fifty to sixty acres I should expect each farmer to grow, it would li: a low esti mate for each farm to yield £5111) to £600 worth of produce per year. A far mer with an average family, w,Ui tile help of a hired man, would he able to do the work well anil comiortaoiy, r.t.o pa> tlie hired mini a wage, to compare favour ably Willi a man ill town. "1 believe that on the above I! nor,, men would Income settlers in the best sense of the word, and take a pride ill live set- t lenient, of their hows und themselves. Tlie financing would, perhaps, lie the. greatest difficulty, hut if anyone will compare the .vcurily ol an ordinary pro perty mortgage, which can be effected at from 3.'. to 4 per cent, apd which may be on nil inflated value nntl liable '<> previa it-, the course seems clear, My proposal is a municipal loan on a bed rock value. It would be' hound to increase in value. But if it could not be borrowed ' at 4 per cent, ! should suggest a Government guarantee ol the interest, even if it cost. £ 1 (Iff ,tl«(l to develop the cslaf.'. properly ; £5(1 per iV.rm per year would pay interest, and provide a sinking fund Hint would give each farmer hie farm clear at 1hn end of 22 years, while the gross production of sueli an est a In would lie bet ween £70,- 11(10 ami £K0.(IU0 per year. Tim probabil ity is that, Iho farms would lie cleared in; much less lime. 1 am sum no difficulty would lie experienced in securing Termors (hat would put £300 to £40(1 worth of stock on each farm, which would lie cqin.l lo all the j.ecuril v an English landlord has or expiol.i. Mr. T. Ilarkness, a pro minent Brandon gentleman, told me that lio did not think there was a farmer in Manitoba or the North- west Territory that would not sell his holding at anything like a market price, and ; (hat a feeling of waiting for some- tiling lo turn up prevents runners de veloping their holdings, and creates a stato of thinga the very opposite to set tling. I iniiv add that many farmers complain that they do not obtain a fair price lor' their wheal, owing to the buy ers forming rings to prevent freo buy- 1 ing, and in the same way they, pay dearer for what tliey purchase, owing lo trusts ami rings in practically everything tliey require, " f think my plan would caube. farmers to put i, r.iuiiimentnl value on their In rm.'., and villi an annual allow anil prizes for I lie test kept and managed fiirnic, create a (riuuilly rivalry which would make for good. Every credit Is due. to the Canadian officials in looking after immigrants oil their arrival, Large build ing;! are provided lor tlicir acemnmodo- I lion, where tlinv cub) rest mid obtain pro- I visions lor I lieir journey or I Im time lin ing i t very rcaiionalile prices, Everything poaMldn is done (or l|i"iu, either lo ob tain utluatioiic, if tloJirod, local'.' Ihuu i:u free grant land, or introduce them to people with farms to sell, giving impar tial advice or making inquiries free of charge. I am afraid the way tliey ad vertise Caniada attracts people altogeth er unsuited to farm life, and causes a lot of disappointment when they realise their mistake, while their letters of complaint keep better people away. I hope you will succeed in getting aomo good, hard-working farmers out to' Queens land. I am very sorry 1 do not know the country, but it should compare ' fav ourably with Hie middle, and southern Stnlex of the U.S.A. and Argentina, and the people make money there. I know they have a lot of trouble with the nig gers in Texas, cotton growing, and witn I improvements in machinery for cultivat ing, picking, Ac., Queensland may yet be ' a good cotton-growing country, oven with ; white labour." Sir Horace regards this scheme as emi nently practical. 11 might be (rierl with 50 families at first, he says. Tho locality should he one where dairying could lie carried on, and auxiliary industries pur sued. "I am .satisfied," lie continued, " that Queensland must do something special to encourage Hie immigration of the right class of settlers. There is no reason ci ther to restrict the liberal terms of .set tlement lo strangers. The, local uian could lie treated similarly. Canada reckons , that every immigrant— and every settlor— ! is an asset of £40(1 lo tin: country when ho Lakes up a primary industry. My sug gestion to the Government is that the land laws should lie so altered as in make some such scheme possible. There is the. machinery in the Agent-General's office lo do the work at that end, although it might' with advantage lie extended if tlio success of I lie movement made the de mand. "As to tin: matter of passage money. 1 think the intending settlor might he "met> half way— even if the balance so dealt with 1 was secured on his luih'Jiug, and repaid after a certain term. Australian advan- tages arc. great over Canada for a settler, since there is no long winter here, and the climate is very healthy in Queensland. ! Then, in Canada no attempt is made lo settle communities, and people gel scat tered about' and become discontented, which would not he t lie ease if their neigh bours were old friends, while co- operation in regard to the handling of produce would add to their earnings. "These are matters for Hie Icjlslalurc. They are. important enough to "warrant early and careful attention. Any great delay allows the stream of the best men to continue to other countries'," 