FOUNDATION DAY. THE NATIVES' FETE. THE LUNCHEON. DISTINGUISHED GATHERING. THE GOVERNOR ATTENBS; SEVERAL MINISTERS PRESENT. INTERESTING SPEECHES. The annual luncheon in connection with the A.N.A Foundation Day Fete was held this afternoon In the banquet hall at Ihn Hrhthlttan. Mr M. M. Phillips, chairman ot the Metropolitan Committee of the A.N.A., presided. On his right sat the State Go vernor (Sir Reginald Talbot), Mr Bent (Premier of Victoria), Sir Samuel Glllott (Chief Secretary), Mr Murray (Minister of Lands), Captain Fltzpatrlck (private secretary to tho Governor), Mr Beazley, M.LA.; Mr T. Talt (Chairman of the Railway Commissioners), Mr C. Hudson (Railway Commis sioner), Mr It. Lochhcad (Chief Rail way Traffic Manager). On the chairman's left were Mr Allan M'Lcan (Minister of CiJtlome, representing the Federal Go vernment), Sir Henry Wrixon (President of tho Legislative Council), Mr J. M. A Callaglian (president of the A.N.A), Mr Henry Gore, Mr Henry Meeks. Mr C. A. Atkins (president of the Chamber of Manufactures), Mr Prcndcrgast, M.L.A (Opposition Leader), Mr Toutcher, M.L.A. (ex-President of tho AN.A.). Among the other 250 guests were Messrs Cook and Robinson, M.'»TI.R., Mr F, C. Walnwright (secretary of the A.N A.), members of the Board of Directors of the A.N.A, Mr Hutchinson, M.L.A; the Right Rev. W, S. Holland (Moder ator' of the Presbyterian Church), the Rev. Dr. Bevan, and the Rov. Dr. Strong. Graco was said by the Rev. Dr. Bevan, APOLOOIES FOR ABSENCE. The chairman stated that lettws of apology had been received from tho Lord Mayor of Melbourne; Dr Carly Salmon, M.P.; Mr GIosb, the vice-president of the association; and Mr M'ClelUui, of the Railwuy department, who, from illness or other causes, were unable to bo present. THE LIEUTENANT-GOVERNOR AND MR DI3AKIN. It was also announced by the chairman that Ills Excellency the Lieutenant-. Governor, Sir John Madden, and Mr Dertkln, M.P., had written, each express ing his great regret that ho could not he present on account of an attack of Ill ness. MR DEMON'S LETTER. In bis tetter of apology, Mr Dcakln wrote as follows:— Had I bean with you It woutd have been my undeavor In submit Bomo fresh topics for tho consideration of tbo A.N.A. Absent, may 1 venture to odd that the principal questions upon which It wus ray privilege to address you ofltclally lust year are still very far from being sottled. The great desiderate of Australia now, as then, are unlocked amble lands nnd capable llrlilsh immigrants. To briny thorn together tbo Commonwealth uud Btoto Parliaments must undertake united action. So far as ours is concerned, tho obstacles to more rapid progress In these and other urgent matters are not peculiar to federation, iukI do not orlso out of our constitution. They are audi na must occur In every re presentative legislature whoso electors return Uireo parties with conflicting reticles in equal numbers, or wbn Bcporalo Into two, leaving the some strength on each side of Uio House. There ore still, to most Intents and pur poses, "three elevens" In tho field. . . . t congratulate you most heartily upon the nptendid national work the association has boon doing In Victoria during tlio post year In water conservation, education and for tho recognition of Australian manufactures, throe of tho mo3t pennnnent and most fruitful of tbo Interests affecting tho whole country. THE LOYAL TOASTS. Tho tonst of tho Ktng wan loyally lionored. THE GOVERNOR-GENERAL. The chairman, in proposing the health of the Governor-General,' Lord North- coto, regretted that his Excellency was not able to be present, but reminded the gathering of his kindness In attending last year and the assistance ho had ren dered to the tusHoolntlon. The toast was cordially honored. THE STATE GOVERNOR, Tho cliulmuin proposed Uio State Go vernor. (Applause). II© was very pleased to see Sir Reginald Talbot their guest to-day. lie did not. think his Ex cellency would desire anything to bo said as lo his personal qualities In his pre sence. He (the chairman) would, ! law- over, make a little prediction, and that wns that when Die time comes for Sir Reginald Talbot's departure from our midst, he will have mado a place for himself In the respect, esteem, and affec tions of the people of Victoria. (Ap plause). The toast was enthusiastically drunk, with musical honors. Sir Reginald' Talbot, who was received with applause, expressed the pleasure he felt at being present, and thanked them tor the cordiality with which they had received him. Wherever he went In Uil& great State, ho was always received with the greatest cordiality, and he wus deeply grateful for It. This was the first occasion on which ho had met a largo representative body of tho whole, State, and lie must take tho opportunity to say how deeply he liad sympathised with tho losses by bush and grass fires In so many parts ot the country. No doubt Llicro had been great Individual losses, but ho was glad to know that there was no general dis tress In consequence, At the same time they could sympathise with the neigh boring Slate of New South Wales, whoro the suffering and losses had been far greater than In Victoria. Australians were sometimes credited, or rather dis credited, with rather reckless and impro vident disregard of tho future— with. not looking uhcad. That might or might not be. But ho wns pleased to find that at the present time there is in Australia n buoyancy nnd a courago Which would enable them to meet without faltering tho suffering and losses that had oc curred. They had tho spirit which ani mated the grand old pioneers, who con verted this groat wild forest Into a flourishing State. - In looking through tho papers of the Australian Natives' Association ho had been glad to see that ono of the works it had In band wns tho encouragement of thrift among all classes. They oJl knew that the British or Anglo-Saxon race were fine fellows, but few of them had the Inherent quality of thrift like that which was found among other nations, such as the French and the Germans. Therefore, he thought that the labors of the association in this direction would bo of greatest advantage to all. There were many kinds of thrift. There was domestic thrift. In that they did not shine. There was much waste In almost every household, Then there was .the saving of money. That thrift ho did not think they had to the extent they should have it. hut U was increasing day by day. Then there was the thrift re presented by economy of the gifts which nature has given us. One of the greatest gifts that nature could bestow was tho gift of water. He was glad to say that the question of water -Cos also one which was being considered by the association, for until tho water which comes from heaven, and at present flows to the sea, is economised nnd used, the bounteous and great resources of the soil and cli mate will not be properly utilised. Nature had not been extravagant In the gift of water In this country, and that was all the more reason why they should think that not having more than enough of It, there should have been many ef forts to make the best use of what they had. In spite of all tht. progress that had been made, and of all that had been done, he did not think that as much had been done as might have been done In that respect. He confessed— and he hoped they would not think him a stingy man— that he hated waste. He hated to see a water tap running to waste. Still more, he hated to see the waters of the Murray running to waste, as he had seen lately, while thore were thousands upon thousands of ncreB to which it would do a great deal of good. There was to be a conference at Hobart next week, but the Premiers could not have a much more important question to consider than this, of how to uhq the waters now going to waste. Ho wished ho could be more hopeful as to result ' of tho conference, but he remembered that when two men with preconceived Ideas and opposing in terests wont into a room to discuss a subject they generally came out very little changed. When It was a case of three men, all with preconceived Ideas and opposing Interests and prejudices, it was very much worse, and not much hope could bo felt that any decision would bo arrived at. He might be pre sumptuous in offering an opinion, but ho could not help thinking that there should be a much more searching Inquiry as to the water to he dealt with, and the amount of land available for Irrigation. He was of opinion that they should get some one outside to make an Inquiry. He had no doubt the engineers here were as good as any In the world, but they must he more or less prejudiced In favor of the Interests of the State In which they lived. lie would not glvo a button for them If they were not. He would like to sec a man like Sir "William Oarson and Sir William Wil cox induced to come out, not merely to make a cursory examination and per functory report, but to remain In the states two or, If necessary, three years and study the question thoroughly, with the understanding that their recommen dations woud be backed up. He was supposed to be above and below politics, hut he could not help congratulating tho Premier-Treasurer on tho budget show ing u large surplus which he hod given to Parliament and tho people. He was delighted also that the Premier had de voted same of the surplus to the Univer sity, In order to put the finances of that institution on a better foundation than they had been for many years, and also that he had acted on tho principle of help ing those who help themselves. In his budget the Premier made most important statements in regard to the funded and unfunded debts of the State. ' That statement had not been sufficiently pub lished to the world. It wns shown that while the debts of the State amounted to LG2,000,000, which scorned a very large sum for tho population, L48,000,000 of it hod been devoted to works such as railways and irrigation works, which were producing Interest. Tho railways were paying tho very satisfactory In terest of 3V6 per cent. They ought to deduct this L4, 800, 000 from the LC2, 000,000. If these facts were generally known, they Would greatly improve Victoria's credit. Tho debt ot L800, 000,000 of tho United Kingdom hod been incurred In building up and defending the Empire. In this connection His Excellency expressed his Inability to understand how It was that the Canadian 3 per cents, stood ten or eleven per cent, higher than the Vic torian 3 per cents. . If the true (Acts were made known they would find their credit improve. At present what was wanted was confidence to attract capi tal and then immigration, in tho first place bo would like all men In tho Stato who want land to be able to got It, and that being done, he would like to see a .comprehensive schemo of Immigration. His Excellency concluddd by express ing his satisfaction at Lhe widespread loyalty to the Throno and, Empire that ho had observed throughout tho State. THE PARLIAMENTS. Mr J, T. Tatchcll said that It had been sold that the Federal Parliament disap pointed them, because last session It had not accomplished so much as had been expectod. But. all tho same, he was euro that tho voto which created a united Australia, If it had to be cast now, would be cast more strongly than before. Seve ral great subjects ought to Ik? taken In hand. Irrigation, guarding against tho Increase of the cost of Government, and the encouragement of our own manufac tures were among the number. This As sociation, at all events, had great reason to be satisfied with the work of the State Ministry, and one of the most gratifying features In the work of tho State Parlia ment was the assistance lent by the Op position to the Ministry. In technical education Victoria lagged behind the old world, and also behind some of tho sister States. He had pleasure In propos' the toast of the Ministry and Parliament, Federal and State. THE ACTING PRIME MINISTER. Mr M'Lean, In responding on behalf of the Federal Ministry, congratulated the association on its efforts to promote literature, science, art, and music, and to popularise the use of local produc tions. He would like to sec tho same thing applied to the great industries of the Commonwealth. It was only by tho application of scientific and technical in struction to every branch of labor that to these days of keen competition much could be done. Whether tl»ey would promote technical knowledge by means of competitions or in any other way, he especially commended the whole subject to the notlco of the association, which had done so much, and would do stilt more, to promote things that tended to wards the prosperity of Australia. "When tho present Government took office they were strongly presscu «o enter upon an Immcdisfe revision of the tariff. They were told that If they took ten or twclvo industries, and adjusted the duties affect ing them— which, he admitted, needed adjustment— they would do a great deal of good. He had, however, talked tho mnttcr over with the officials of the Customs, and had found, \\) great was the Interdependence of industries, that they would do more harm than good. ' The question was complicated in many ways. For one instance, he might mention that articles mado of wood sometimes came into competition with articles made of iron. Therefore, the. Government consi dered that the proper thing to do was to appoint a Commission to receive all legitimate complaints against the existing tariff, and then to carefully investigate the effect that any alteration might have on other industries, In order that the whole matter might bo dealt with to gether. He had great hopes that they would be able finally to deal with tho tariff In such a way as to settle the ques tion of tariff revision for many years to come. Adjustment was necessary; It was, In fact, Impossible that the first effort to frame n tariff for six different States would be entirely successful. What was most needed for Australia was a great expansion of industry, and a large in crease of population. To bring that about It was necessary to do several things. For one, it was necessary that they should be adequately' represented In the Old World, Up to the present time, Australia had never been adequately re presented. He rntid that without any depredation of the gentlemen who had represented the States, who had not been supplied with proper means of advertising the resources of the States. If the resources of Australia were advertised they would, ho thought, attract not only population, but also capi tal. There was scarcely a country bi the world In which there was so much un developed wealth as In Australia. Al most every portion of the continent con tained natural commodities that were of the greatest value. If these commodities were properly advertised, as Canada ad vertised her resources, they would do a great deal to attract both capital and population, and enhance the prosperity and progress of the Commonwealth. STATE PREMIER. Mr Beat, in responding on be half of the State Ministry, sold that the apology for tho Federal Parliament that had been made by Mr M.'Lean— (laugh ter) — and the letter of Mr Dcakln indi cated that apologies were necessary. When ho used to ploy cricket there were- no three elevens. However, ho was very pleased to hear the kindly refer ences that had been made to the work of the State Parliament, for ho. saw pre sent the Leader ot tho Opposition, by whose assistance that work bad been per formed. If the Opposition had not re cognised in Its true light the great work that the Government proposed to do that assistance would not have been given. His Excellency had been good enough to make reference to what bad been done with regard to the University. He (Mr Bent) liad watched the University for many years, and he felt it was not work ing up to Its proper level. The Govern ment accordingly said that if the institu tion would recognise the needs of mining and agriculture they would do all that was possible to assist it financially. He hoped yot to sec that University become what It ought to bo. Many men of wculth sent their sons away to other countries to be educated. This was not right. Tho highest education was pos sible here, nnd they should assist this great country from which they drew their wealth. The Government would take core that each child at a State school, who had brains enough, should be per mitted lo go up to tho University. With that end, secondary and other schools were being established. Closo beside him was Sir Samuel Glllott, one of the com- mlttee of tlio Working Men's College, from which ho hoped great things, and ! which the Government would assist ; whenever It was possible. He (Mr Bent) became one of tho trustees of the Brighton branch many years ago. (Hear,; hear ) They went in for economy then, | and he was pleased to find now that the A.N.A held the best position of all the friendly societies of Victoria. When he became treasurer he took care of the State bawbees, and he nits please! ,tha. the fact wus recognised that by care and not by meanness, by economy and not by putting public servants out, they were able to come ; to Parliament with L500.000 surplus. Mr Swinburne had done more than any other man to bring the subject of irriga tion forward, and ho was sure that he could count on the assistance of their as sociation. It was not necessary to speak about Irrigation. He had lived nmlu the Brighton sand for 50 years, sand that could only grow sorrel (laughter) and cabbages, until manure and water wore brought to It. In early days he grow the best cabbages thore. In regard to land, the Government had been able to pass a Closer Settlement Bill. It was all very well to talk of Canada. What were tho wonders that Canada had done? Nothing, ' when they thought of her im mense area and her proximity to Eng land. Over 100,000 acres of our own land would be placed on the market before Christmas. If the Government only had time to bring water to Tooloybuc, the public would see. Let those who were finding fault try to do something. (A voice : "Will you give them a chance?") Ho certainly would give them a chance. (Laughter). (A voice: "What nbout build ing dredges locally?")Somothlng had been said about the Railwuy Commissioners. He found fault himself. But the com bination they had wos the best In tho various States. If they wanted to sell the railways for the entire public debt they could do it. (A voice: And have more sweating.) Sweating, to the gen tleman who Interjected, was like tho grace of God— he knew nothing ubout It. The Government had never naked tho Commissioners to do anything like sweating. (A voice: They do 1L) Per haps the trains did not run its often as they might ,but tho railways had paid L150.000 Into the Treasury, and that wus better, than popping L150,000 on to the in come tax. He had an enthusiastic re gard fur the A.N.A.. He was pleased to have heard the remarks about the Inst surplus, and glad to tell them that there would be another surplus. (Cheers.) OPPOSITION LEADER. Mr Prcndurgnst, Leader of tho Opposi tion in the Legislative Assembly, said that for many years those hod been nn agitation to get settled the question of the distribution of the Murray waters be tween the States concerned, but settle ment was no nearer. A considerable por tion of last session had been devoted to the Water Bill, but at the end of the ses sion it hud been quietly dropped. If any question should ho settled by the coming Premiers' Conference at Hobart, It was the river waters question, and that might be done by some of tho Premiers drop ping some of their dignity, and others dropping some of their loquacity. (Laughter and applause.) During the next four or five years L10, 000,000 of loan money would fall due, and If it were nut provided for the terms of the money lender would have to be accepted, as they had to be not long ago, when the dotation of the Conversion .Loan cost 10 por cent. The State debts question ought, therefore, to be settled a the Premiers' Conference. He would ask the Prcmior if he did not feel a IJttlo sinking? Mr Bent: Do you want me to answer that? Voices: Oh, .you had a show already. (Laughter.) Mr Prendcrgast, continuing, said that a land tax ought to be . imposed on the man who had more land than he should have (n the Interest of the country, and the absentee ought to be taxed. (Ap plause.) 'Measures to prevent adultera tion should be passed. He regretted that tho Bill of last session was dropped. Then there should be pushed forward the question of the proper protection of our native Industries. That could be done by pressure In the State Parliament, Fur ther,. the matter of finding mar kets for our produce should ho vigorously undertaken. Ho would ask tho Natives to bo careful on tho question of preferential trade, and. hoc that tho Interests of Australia were not sacrificed, Whatever form preferential trade took, when it came about it should first give Australia complete control over Its own market. Australian natives should be patriotic enough to fight (or the trade of tholr own oountry. with regard to the recent report of the But ter Commission, the only way (o coun teract tho practices to which the Com mission called attention was for the Government to take possession of the butter from tho time It came in for grading, to find a market for It. nnd to make advances on it pending marketing. Unless that were done, tho industry would oonllnue to be under the control of people who would dip their hands into the farmers' pockets without compunc tion. (Applause). 'THE DAY WE CELEBRATE." Sir Henry Wrixon proposed "Aus- tralift and the Day Wo Cele brate." He said that he did not think there was any country in the world in which the Government was so entirely in tho hands of the people. There were no privileged classes. Whatever the people desired was done.. The man in tho street hod the Government in his" own hands. What he wiRhcd one year he could change In the following year. When they saw the struggles of other nations' under autocratic rule, they should appreciate that privilege, but they should not be unmindful of their great responsibilities. Everyone should assist In cultivating an Intelligent, wise and thoughtful public feeling. Young men like those present were the trustees of the .national life. It was for those young men, therefore, to cultivate that Intelligent, wIbo and thoughtful publlo feeling to enable this experiment In go. vcrnmont— for he regarded It an an ex. pcrlment— to be successful. Many of those present would five to see the Jubl. lee of Federation, and he hoped mey would be able to look back to a career of wise and moderate government. (Ap. plausc.) MINISTER OF LANDS. Mr Murray, Minister of Lands, who was received with applause, responded He expressed regret that Mr Dealcip, who was Australia's greatest orator, viQ|1t there to acknowledge the totiBt. Hia J;, celtency had referred to irrigation, and he could assure him that Victoria h«l years ago mnde some attempts in that direction. They had gone at it with im. petuoslty and Ignorance. The experu mont hud been pretty costly, and he hoped that when their efforts were re sumed they would proceed on wiser an I better lines. Australia, he would admit, could never carry a great population without a system of Irrigation. Of th? courage and recklessness of Australian, his Excellency had also spoken, but there was another quality which Australian possessed in a pre-eminent degree— th<? quality of cocksureness. (Laughter.) j» he ever had that quality, he had te.n it, for he now asked himself could he anything that was not absolutely wrens? In conclusion, Mr Murray said ii believed that tho future of Australia do. pended on the frugality, sobriety, rr-J, above all, on tho Indus'ry of the people, lie had no doubt about the . Federal on working well in the future. (Applau.) OTHER SPEECHES. Sir Samuel Glllott proposed the An«. tralian Natives' Association. Ho emu. pllmentcd the association on Its work as a friendly society, and as an orgnnipjitkn for the discussion of broud public que?, tlons. He complimented It also on ar ranging for the exhibition of maniifuo lures. (Applause). Mr J. Jr. A. Callaghan, President of tho A.N.A., acknowledged the toast. I'm. Judlce against the association, ho was glad to find, had broken down, it way no longer regarded ns a dlsturlier of tin peace. He believed It would continue i<j do good so long as It took up matters that alined at tho good of the uht/u people. (Applause.) Tho toasts of "The Old Colonists' Apyo. elation and Kindred Societies" and "The Press" having been honored, the proceed, logs terminated. FOUNDATION DAY. THE NATIVES' FETE. (Continued from Pjge 2.) THE SPORT& RUTT THE MILE CHAMPION. The anniversary sports meeting of the Australian Natives' Association, which was begun on Saturday, was resumed at noon to-day on the arena of the Exhibi tion. Owing to the heavy rain Bhowcrn, which tell at frequent Interval, the attendance was very small. For the same reason the racing won robbed of much of Its Interest, many of the men feeling diffi dent about letting themselves out on a wet track, although, bring built of asphalt, it did not take long in drying between shower.. The olllclnbi of the Victorian League of Wheelmen luul charge of the racing, as usual, .Mr Glceson being referee, and Mr A. Joy and Mr A. Shore stewards. The programme was run through by fits and starts. Just as the rain pleased. During the heavy rain the officials sus pended the racing, and la order to got abreast of the programme times, hurried tho events fast one on the heels of the other, whenever a dry spell offered. At half-past three o'clock his Excel lency the Governor, Sir Reginald Talbot, nttended by Captain Fltzpairick, A.D.C., and accompanied by Mr Tall, Commis sioner for Railways, entered the arena. Introduced by Mr M. M. Phillips (chair man). and other members of the fete committee, Hl« Excellency, In tho fourth heat of the Great Wheel Rare, took the place of Mr Dean as starter. The following wore the results of the events contested:— FEDERATION HANDICAP. First, L10; second, L4; third, LI. Halt mile. First Heat: H, J, Thomas, 25yds, 1; J. FU- sell, 10yds., 2; B. Lereborg, 65yds., 3. M. Cbap- pell, 25yds., also started, Won by half a length; four Jongths between cceoad and third. Time, Imln. 3 3-3scc-. Second Heat: N. Furtlere, 35yds„ l; It. Souter, 50yde., 3; J. Grant, Ky»Ja,, 2. Tbo starters were: — B. pye, 5yds.; N", Furtlere, 3T>yds. ; it. Souter, 60yds.; W, Symonds, Kjrdk; J. Grant, ttyds.; H. Wakcoell, 85yds. Woo by a wheel; two lengths between second and third. Time, Imln. 0 S-flBCC. Third Ilcat: D. Goodsoo.-NOyds., l; J. K. Taylor. 80yds., 2: II. J. Symonds, AOyds., 3. Tho following also started:— A. A. Middleton, 65yds.; J. Walsh, 7yds.: H. Ltndgren, 75yd.; Won easily by Uirco lengths: six lengths be tween second and third. Time, Imlo. 1 4-5see, Fourth Heat: It. W. Morgan, 35 yds, 1; A. O. Flack, M yds, 2; O. T. Coffey, 65 yds, 3. P. Deflily, 75 yds, also started. Morgan bolted In tho last lap, and wan as he liked by two leogthv. Tline, Imln. 3 2-5sce. Fifth Heal: C. Rivers, 65 yds, J; W. W. Oliv ers, 0) yds, 2; T. Lealow, 35 yds, 3. Tho fob lowing also started:— F. Smith, 50 yds; J. Jack- son, 70 yds; J. O'Connor, 75 yds; W. E. Haw- by, 75 yds. A close finish. Won by n vheel; a length between second and third. Time, imln. Sixth Heat: C. A. Rest. 9) yda, 1; A. J. Clarke, 15 yds, 2: E. P. Doyle, CO yds. 3. Best rode well throughout, with Clarke behind him. The latter tried too'Ute to pus nest, and bad to be rontcnt with second place, although be looked a winner till tho last length or two. Time, Imln. lsec. '"' Seventh Heat: 8. B. Oordob, 13' yd5, T;:G."c! Mncglbbon, 65 yda, 2;'L-3tii!ar, 05 yds, 3, Tlie others were:— N. M. Andersen (Denmark),' 2o yds; J. Glffen (S.A.), 46 yds; C. J. Goddard, 75 yds. Won by two lengths, Gordon finishing with a capital sprint. Time, Imln. 1. 3-5sec. Eighth Ileal: D. Shcehnn, 30 yds, 1;' U. Gor don, 60 yds, 2; C. E. Glencrosj (X.S.W.), 65 yds, 3. Other starters:— F. J. Auger, 45 )ds; B. J. Aehton, 65 yds; 0. Watker, 70 yds; II. S. Fryer, 75 yds. Gordon and Gicncross were ap parently winning, when Shcchan flashed out 20 yards from home, and iron ou the line. Time, DC 4-5scc. Ninth Heat: G. R. Morgan, 15 yds, 1; G. E. Menerc. 65 yds, 2; A. J. Whltclvy, 15 yds, 3. Other starters: J. H. Sandborg (W.A.), 30 yds; V. IJawkcr, CO yds; W. Guorin, C5 yds. Mor gan, riding splendidly, wont to the front half a lap from homo, and won by a dozen lengths. Time, £9 3-Ssee. Tenth Heat: A. G. Boaaas, GO yds, I; J. F. Matthews, S3 yds, 2; D. O'Donogbuc, 90 yds, 3. Other starters:— C. Gee. 30 yds: A. O. Kalten- bcrg (Q.), 65 yds. A close finish.- Matthews, O'Donogbuo and Kattenbcrg fell after they passed the post. Time, Imln. 4scc. - r Eleventh Heat: A. Butler, 75 yds, J; W. C. White, G5 yds, 2; A.' D. Gatikrogcr, 5 yds; 3. It. Cameron, 35 yds, also started. Won by a length. Time, Imln. 2 35scc. Twolfth Heat: S. L. Whltson, 46 yds, 1; G. F. Buchanan, 70 yda, 2: W. T. J. Lear, CD yds, 3\. T. Pcrryman, 75 yds, also started. L?nr led at the bell, but Whltson and Buchanan came round rlnt in tbo straight, Whltson win cing by half a length from Buchauan. Lear was a length away, third. Time, Imln. 3 1-Dscc. Thirteenth Heat: E. T. Harris, 50 yds., 1; W. Houston, 25 yda.,"2: L. O. Meyer, GO yds., 3. Tho other starters were: E. Payno (N.3.W.), 30 yds.: J> Doberty, 70 yds.; A. M. Harris. 75 yds.; J. O'Sulllvnn, 83 yds.. Won by half a length; two lengths between second and third. Time: Imln. J U-Sscc. Fourteenth Heat: H. W. Ncsbltt, 85 yds., 1; C. Cooper, GO yds., 2; J. Dyroe, 90 yds., 3. Tho otliere were: B. P. Kctt. 30 yds.; & C. Kattcn- berg (Q.), 5: J. II. Uaynes, 66 yds.; R. J. Coo- per, 70 yds. ; M. Middleton, 93 yds.' Won by four Icugtlis; two lengths between second and third. Time: 53 2-0scc. AMATEUR BICYCLE RACE. First, 1-5; socoitd, Ifl; third, LL Two miles. First Heat: J. M, Cross, 210' yds, 1; C. N. Smith, 170 yds, 2; II. Okoy, 19) yds, 3. J. Thomsou, 180 yds, also started. Won by a length. Time, 4mln, 63 3-6lcc, Second Heat: W. Mahor, 210 yds, 1; II. Moore, 300 yds', 2; II. Thomas, 280 yds, 3. Tbo other starters were:— C, Gentlos, 180 yda; J. O'Dono- hue, 100 yds; W. R, Brooks, SOU yds.' Won by tbrcc lengths. Time, 4ml:t. 49 3-&scc.; Third Heat: P. O. Richards, 170 yds, 1; C. Reynolds, 190 yds, 2: D. M'Aulcy, 210 yds, 3. 8, T. Kcon, SO yd«; and G. W. Cooper, 110 yds, also started. Won easily In heavy rnlu by four lengths. Time, 4mln. 53ocs. . Fouith Ileal: J. It. Absolom. 150 yds, 1;' C. T. Smith, 110 yds, 2; A. M'Donatd. 30 yds, 3. Other startors:— J.-G. Lindsay, scratch; -W. E. 1« Hlckox, GO yds. Won by the length ol tho straight Timo, Crnln. lsec. . : 1IETIIOPOLITAN STAKES. Half-mllo Scratch Race. First, LfO; second, < Li: third, LI. ; . Flint Heat: J. H. Sandborg, 1; B.'Payne, 2; N. Furtlere, 3, F. A. Murphy and W. Houa- tou also started. . Won by hall a length; a length between second and third. Time, imlo. Usee. Second Heat: A. Real, 1; C. Gee, 2; i>. P. Kntt. 3. Only tbo- three started. A good finish. Won In the last length by a' lino kick. Time, Imln. 13 2-6sce. Third Heat: N. Andersen, 1: It Goodson, 2; . M. Chapped, .1. . It Cameron also r.Urtod. Won by a length: Chappoll two ledgtha away, 'third. Time, ' luiin. 17 1-Gscc. Fourth Heat: T. Leulow, 1; C. B. Burton, 2. ' Only tbo two startvd. Won by a length. Time; Itnlu. 10 -1-Sace. Fifth lleat: F. Smith, 1: 11. J. Thomas, 2; D. Sheehan, 3, -A. A. Middleton also started. Won easily by half- a dozen lengths, Time, imln. .24 1-Bsee. ' . . A.N.A. GREAT WHEEL RACE. Prizes— First, L73; second, L20; third, LT>, Wlu- nrr of each sctnl-flnuJ, .L. Wlunor ol each beat, LI.' Two miles. First Heat: J. Doheriy, 280yds., L .1. S. Croc kett, 830 yds., 2; W. E. Huwlcy, K»0 yds., 2. Other starters: K. Lnucborg (N.S.W.). 2 20 yds.; A. O. Kittcnborg IQ.), 230 yds.; P. Kay, 260 yds.; J. 1C. Taylor, 310 yds. Won by a length; hall a longtb between second tuid third. Tirno: 4mln. 27 l-5zee, . .second Heat: W. nult (scr.), l; 11. J. Tliomns, 00 yds., 2; J. 11. Sandbcrg, 120 yds., 3. Other starters: 12. A. Pye, 30 yds.; S. B. Gor don, 60 yds.: O. Shcehnn, 110: M. Chapped, 110 yds. ; rf. L. Witsou, 170: A. ?. Fiaek. 190 yds.; j A. J). Gaukroger, 20» yda. Rutt ran on to Pyo In a tap and a half, but there was stUI a big gap on to Gordon. The front men. u fast Iji, were riding splendidly, and a mile from homo were a quarter of a lap away. The Drat to rctlro was Gordon, and Pyc quitted four laps from home, but- Rutt persevered, and ns the front bunch disagreed about paring and loafed, Rutt raught them at three to go. Skeehno led at the bell, with Rutt last. At tho Aqua rium corner Rutt rarao round ilie field, and, loading Into the straight, flnlnbrd a magnificent run by winning by a length: half a length be tween second and third. Time: Imln. Xiatc. Third Ileal: C. A. tlesl, 120 yds-. L T. Kile- g.ianl, scr.. 2; F. A. Mttrphy, M yds., 3. other starters: G. J. Farley, scr.; J. Fllsell. 30 yds.; II. II. Walne (Q.). >>0 yds,: R. Oomcron, 140 ; yds.; A. .1. Whlleley, 170 yds.: H. J. Symnnds ItN.H.W.), 200 yds. Thla heat was started in the rain. The back flvo wer« together after ibres |ep«. At tbs mile fiymsnds and Hot I ahoi 9M9 «o their tod Walae reUril ftorn the back boaefc. Whtle vrhlteler and Cameron retired a Up Lite.-. At three Ujei to go Beit dropped Symonds and led the field by a quarter of a lap, gaining ground In the next lap, owing to the back mt-o loafing. At the bell Ital leJ by half 4 tap. And wun by alman that distance. There v.o 3 a gn-a: race for second place, Kllegaard winning by a length frnai Murphy, whom Farley vainly tried to beat on tho post. Time: -Imtn. 31 l-5sx\ Fourth llcat: O. It. Morsan, M yds., I; N. Anderson, ) yds., 2; R. Goodson, yd»., 2. Other starters:— W. M'DonaM (W.A.). -Jt yds.; C. K. Burton (N.Z.), ;< yds.: W. Houston. yda.; K. Payne tX.tS.W.), 120 yds.: B. C. lien- ley, ISO yds.; K. T. Harris, ?;(I yds. Ander son sho: out at tho bcli, and led Into lh« straight, followed by Goodson and Morgan, and after an exciting finish Morgan won by h wheel from Anderson; Ooodion a length away third. Time: 4mln. t-J 2-isiv, 8V»vth Heat: C. Ore, 12v yds., 1; N. Furtlere, 130, yds,. 2; H. Gordon, 320 yds.. 2. Also sunod: B. P. Kelt, HO yds.; L. M. Jackaon, 1C0 ydn.; F. J. Auger, 180 yds.: R. F. Souter, 2W yds.; O. T. Coffey, 210 yds.; C. B. Gleo- croia (N.S.W.), 3.V) yds.; W. C. White, 2f» yds. Won by two lengths. Jackson and Glen- cross fell 20 yds. from the pos:. Time: Imln. 41 3-Dsec. Sixth Heat: E. P. Doyle, XOytK, 1; J. O'Con nor, 300 yda., 2: G. K. Mcncre. (10 yds., 3. Other atartera: F. Smith. yda.; W. J. Mo- : ran. 23o yds.; G. F. Buchanan, 370 yds.; T. Ft. yroon, B0 yds.; |». IK Oily. 3>i yda.: J. M. Capeland, 310 yda. F. SmIUi (300 yds.) finished firat, but waa disqualified tbo race for al leged interference with Doyle. Time: Imln. 84 l-Dscc. Seventh Heat: A. Butler, 290 yds., l; D. O'Doaogbue, 250 yds., 2; H. Undgren, 3C0 yda.. 3. Other starters : A. A. Mid dleton. 210 yds.; C Rivera, 230 yds.; V, Haw ker, 249 yds.; J. L. Grant, 560 yda.; P. J. O'Brien, 260 yds.; J. Jaeksoa, 370 yda.; C. L. Pearson, 290 yds.; and J. O'Sulllran, 320 yds. Won easily by three ioagtha. Tiaio: Imtn. 15 3-Dsec. Eighth Heat: !L W. Morgan, 130 yds., 1; G, C. M'Gtbbon, 'J3> yds.. 2; C. A. Cooper, 240 yds.. 3. Other amrteru: A. J. Clark. GO yds.; J. Mrgaon, 70 yda.; R. W. Lewis, 100 yds.; T. Lealow. 140 yds.: J. Olffen. 170 yds.; E. C. Kattenberg, 190 yds.: aod G. R. Hall, 210 yds. Lealow and Chirk fell In the third lap, and Morgan won by a length. Time: 4mln, 49 1-5 eec. Ninth Heat: A. G. Boanas, 240 yda, 1; N. L. Craig, 2(0 yds. 2; J. F. Matthews, 320 yds, 3. Other starters:— W. O. Symonds, 230 yds; L. O. Meyer, 220 yds; J. Walsh, 280 yds; C. Storey, 290 yds; H. T. il'Coy, 500 yds; aod J. A. Byrne, 530 yds. Won by half a length. Time, 4m!n. 49 2-5sec. Tenth Hoat: L Millar, 200 yds, 1; W. T. J. Lear. 230 yds, 2; W, Olivers,' 240 yds, 3. Won by two lengths. Time, 4.H S-Dbjc. MiLk CtLYMPIONSIP OF AUSTRA LASIA. First, 15 sots, and gold medal; second, 7 sovs.; third, 3 sovs. W. RUTT 1 T. KLLEGAARD 2 O. FARLEY 3 Burton and Gordon artcd as pace-makers, and put in fast work from the first. Wclne caught up, followod by Rutt, with Pye next, and Elle- ganrd last. This order was maintained through out the second, third aad fourth laps. Elle- gaard and Farley meanwhile watched each other closely in the rear. Walno led at the bell, followed by Rutt, Pyc, Ellegiord and Farley. Ellegaard came round the field nnd Jumped Into the lead at tho western corner, wl'b Rutt and Farley close on his wheel. Then there was a splendid raco round the hick strcich, and at the home turn Rutt tackled Ellegaard, and beat htm homo by a length. Farley, who was riding with terrific speed at tbo rinlth, was only inc-hu behind tho Danish champion. Rutt was presented with the championship melal by and nu loudly cheered as he rode round the Mr Phillips, chairman ol the Fete Committee, track displaying the trophy. Time— 3mlo. 6 3-Gsec. 