Nominated Immigrants. More by R.M.S. Oroya. By the 11.31. S. Oroya, which arrived nl 1 mkeiiba Irom Loiiuon, via ports, ves- icrilay, iliere arrived 37 110111 niu leu lias- si'iigers— 5 married couples, with Is children, 1 widow, 5 single men, anil 3 VlllllHlt U'llllliill. I ... .. ... III J( siaiuie adults. I he. folluM'iiig iiiilioimlilics were reiire- si'iited : English, 17 ; Scottish, 9 ; jnsli " Danish, 11;- and German, 1. Twain v! seven 01 Hie immigrants were hooked lor Brisbane, 8 lor Townsvuie, 1 lor Koeklmmploii, and I for Mackav, A comiiuinie'alion received from London .staled Unit the iimiiigranls n'ere, on niu M'hole, a very suitable lot. The ehiidrcu almost without, except ion, appeared to lie healthy mid u'ell eared for. .111 of tin: immigranls u'ere passeil as plivsieallv lit by t Iu; iiu'dieal ollicer (Dr. I'inlav) 'who exa mined lliem. " ; ' Tliii immigrants, who were met ou houtjl liv jMi\ Kniil-Abt'll, of uh» ininii- jgration office, eaine lo lown by ilio- special passenger anil luggage train. At Hie (enlrai railway slation Air. ivnili- Abi'l! issued railway passes to a number oi I be new arrivals, and look, the a- ! inumder lo tbe immigration Depot, there lo await, the depnrttirn of coustivi steamers for northern ports. The follow ing railway passes were, issued : J lelidon I ; itoonah, one family of ti ; llytnph' I female; .\ambour (fur Itlapleton) two lamuies of u each. > A gentleman v.-lio joined lliri Oroya at .Sydney staled that in consequcuee' of thu opposition of (lie Labour party, nothing was being dune by Hint State towards bringing out even nominated immigrants. In faet, he added, tho Federal Govern- incut refused to sanction the admisyiim into Hie Stale of agriculturists who were nulling in work farms in co-operation with settlers already there, it being held that this M'as a breach or (he immigra tion law relating to indented labour. Such a rigid and even strained reading of ' hi! Act, however, M'as sure In recoil on Hie administrators sooner or later. 