ADDRESSES BY MESSRS. WATSON AND HALL. BLGT evening the hall of the Mechanicn' Institute was well filled with electors (both male and female), to hear an address from I1r. Watson, leader of the Socinlintio party, in cupport of the claims of Mr. D. R. Hall, the selected socialist candidate for Worriwn. Mr. Hall was nlso present and briefly spoke first. Alderman R. T. Holloway presided, and wan supported by a number of the eon didate'n committee. The Chairman apologised for the nbsauco of the Mayor, who had been announced to take the chair, but wan prevented from doing so by a precious engagement. Mr. Holloway asked for a fair hearing for Mr. Watson, who oecnpied a high position in the House of ltepresentativec, and filled it with credit to himself and to the electors of Australia. Before calling on the speakers there were some resolutions, etc., passed by the branches of the Political Labour League at Gren fell, Goulburn, Young, and Wellington he wished to rend to that nmooting. They were no follow;-'"That the Grenfell Labour League, in viewof the boy eott of the addresses Mr. J. O. Watson has delivered in reply to Mr. Reid, extends to him their warmest nympathy noas to the un fair treatment he is receiving at the hands of the metropolitan press, and more especially the Sydney Daily Telegraph. That this league recommends all supportern of the labour party to withdraw their support from any Sydney journal that refuses to give fair play to the leaders of any political party in its columns in the interest of the education of the electors." -Dubbo Longuo had wired that it wans disgusted with the treatment received by Mr. Watson from the Sydney proess, and deeply aympathiaed with him, and nuch action would spur the members on to work harder for the cannoe. (Applause.) Mr. Hall said oas heo would have several other opportunities of addreaning the electors anid did not wish to encroach on Mr. Wat son's time, he would merely that evening reply to one criticism which had been levelled against the party lie belonged to. In an. seavring it he did not complain of it being usned, Because any man who entered pubho life must expect to meet with criticism. He had no cause to complain of the treatment he had received from the local press, which were opposed to him. Howerer mean the action taken by the Sydney press as regards his party might be, the local papers had re ported hisnremarks faithfully and truthfully. (Applause.) Of course they were entitled to criticnelsis platform in their leading columns, and they had done so in a proper spirit. The stricture he wished to refer to was that the policy of the labor party in terfered too much with private onterprino. The remarkable thing about this objection was that the objectors exereino the same principlo when they found that private enter. priso was injuring them. When Mr. .Reid was premier, he signalised his term by panss ing only one Act of any importance, the Sea Carriage of Goods. This measure he intro duced at the instance of rich merchants who complained that the bill of lading they re ceived from the shipping companies contained regulations, under which the latter held thomselves not rreponsibla for any injury cannsed to the goods through the act of God, of enemies, and other causes down to that of carelessness of their servants. Mr. Reid properly interfered and passed the Act named which made a company responsible for the carelessness of their employes. Mr. Bruce Smith, acting on behalf of the shipowners, opposed the measure and said it wan too great an interference with private enterpriose The same objection is urged by Mr. Reid and his supportcrs against much of the legis lation advocated by the Socialists. For in stance the Commerce Act is so described, nnd it is said the Government has no business to stop a mag frobug pzporting his' butter aon he pleased cr to preepne another from importing whatever he desired. Thins argument at first glance may appear. quite fair, but'anyone with an experienoe of tile export butter trade as hbe had, would know that the passage of the ot named wan justified. He had seen the tricks praotised en the trade. When the busines wans first started the agents in Sussex.street mot, and agreed among themselves to export an article marked first-class, which would place Aus tralian butter in the highest estimation,, and realisoe for it a prieo equal to that paid for the Danish product. They succeeded in doing this, and the news was cabled to Australia. After a time came along-a man with butter which had deteriorated and become softened by the heat. He placed this in the freezing chamber until it became firm again, and then shipped it marced first-class Aun. tralian butter. When opened in London it appeared to be first-class, but when pur. chasera nought to use it they found that it wans bad A few such consignments soon reduped the price. and caused buyers to be very phary of Iakn)in Austrlian bulteri. To prevent this imposltieo and losot the' Gvorh-n. ment hard u tegpld in and paited the Coemirco Acts whieb comlpellel egpgrtegs of butter to label their eporlt firat?rlies, only 'TWIen tlhe article was of that desocrption. In like manner with imports there wans a ention wtho imported foods of a description linch would kill Australia's best immigrants-3ufants, To protect these the C6mmerce Act insisted that imports should bear a description of their contents. The cry of too much interference with private enterprise came chiefly from those were personally interested in a continu ance of the old state of things or those who sought their support. Bill Sykes, the burglar, who went forth to crack a crib said, when stopped by the police, that there wan too much Interference with private enterprise, and the man who put bornete neid in milk, or vlt' Gold dgcth 1 )fht weiglts used the same cry, It was t .4i.r y'op'tl Gopernplept to protect the eommun?ly from both claenes alike, because there was no difference in guilt, he contended, between the burglar and the man who robbed his neighbour by selling tisO adulterated gooel or fy giv'ng im light weeght. Jn .onglisiona, Me. aflff urged ita electors to ltegg both sides ipspa1tinaly, and to record their votes intellfgently, is tile exprosslon of their honest convictions. (Applague,) Mr. W?atson, who waso resolved wilt ap, plause, said he nwas glad of that opportunily of renewing his acquaintance willth Goulburn. The last time he vssited it wan in 180197, when he wan neeking election to the Federal Senate. It was more necessary for the lcaders of his party to visit the various eleptoraten nd lueeot the electors than for those of any of the other political faiths, because of the bohycotting pactised by the metropolitan pre.li Hoe, like Mr. Hail, hnd received full justice from the country press generally, who had given him fair reports of his meet. ings. He had no objection to criticism, but he considered it newas a departure from the great powers possessed by the press to boycott any political party as tle daily metropolitan press, especially the Daily Telegraphl, had the labor party. He could not apply any term but naudacity to the action of that paper to speak of boy. cotting being practised in Werriwa and other eleotorates to terrify businees men from workieg against the socialist party. Know. ing Young as ha did, whero he had 'everal friends among tha business people, though they were politically oppoaed to lim, anl who had alway 'without fea" worked against him, he charancterissd the attcemcet in the Telegraph as the pure inventibn odf the cor respondent of that paper. He had a lively recollection of boycotting being praectiaed in that ociglhborhood by otier political pirtien. On one oceasnion a u. quatter discharged all his hands because he (Mr. Wautson) hald a majority at the polling booth near his station, and there woro other instances of similar practices being adopted to defeat him. Had the labor party in that district adopted such methods to gain a victory, which he did not admit, a fair answer to any complaint against them would be that they were only following the bal example setthom previously by their opponents. Thu charge of boycotting came with very bad grace from the Daily Telegraph, the dircc. torate of which had threatened to boycott the neowngronts, when it had been proposed to pablish a daily morning paper in Sydney in the interests of labor if they attempted to sell it, and who now had an agreement with their agents, a copy of which lie produced, that they were not to stock any other morning daily metropolitan paper except the Sydney Morn ing Horaldwithout first obtaining the sanction of the directorate in writing,nor were to sup. ply any sub-agent except on the camo terms. This was the action of a paper which talked anbout liberty, and that it would disappear if the labor party obtained power. Again, the Telegraph thinking that it did not receive a fair share of advertisements from the solicit ors, instead of relying on its circulation to obtain them, issued a circular to the solicit ore, threatenifig if it did not receive all their advertisements, the names of those who did not comply with the demand would be omitted from the reports of any law cases in which they were concerned. The whole atti. tude of the directorate had been to boycott those who were opposed to the paper, and the organ was noted for the virulence of the attacks made on those nho did not accept the principles it advocated. Such conduct was against the interests of the community, and abhould be objected to by all. His party had to contend not only against the miserpresentation of their views by the metropolitan press, but had also to fight the monopolists, who were at the back of Mr. Reid, and were supplying him with funds and all the assistaneo they could render to overthrow the labour party. When Mr. Reid, ten yeara ago in the State Parlia. meat, was fighting the battle of liberalism for the imposition of land and - income ta the name party won then arrayed against him and spent money to flood .the constituencies with cheap literature denouncing the policy as destructive of the welfare of the State, and used misrepresentation and other'un. acrupulous means to defeat the policy. Mr. Reid then complained of their actions, but now though the same methods were being used against .hboraliem that gentleman re. mained" silent and accepted their support. The statements circulated that the labour party would if in power destroy the homes of the people and interfere with the marriage tie had not the shghtest foundation and had not a tittle of truth or justifieation to support them. It appeared as if those allied to Con servatism were becoming alarmed and weore whistling to keep up their courage. (Laugh. ter.) They read the handwriting on the wall againnt them. Recently the labour party had met at the polls with unvarying suecess. At the late election in South Australia they' had won half the ceats in the Assembly, in creosinq their number by four, In West Austraia sineo last election four of the party lhad been aneceaful. In Tasmania a, more lad had been returned in the interests of labour, and at the Cattlrenagh election in this State Mr. Trello wan re. turned by a greater majority than was polled at the previous election there. With these facts staring them in the face, it wan little wonder that the other party were be. - coming alarmed and were whistling to keep up their courage. Air. Conroy passed now as an independent, and said he would have nothing more to do with Mr. Reid breause he disapproved of his coalition with the'Doakin party. To such an ardent frectrader an Mr. Conroy, itnmust have boeen galhng to oee the flang of froetrado hauled down by Mr. Reid for the rest of his lifetime. But how did he show his disapproval when he (Mr. Watson) moved a vote of want of confidence in the Goveirnment because of their lack of a policy P Mr. Conroy voted against the motion, and had always nsupported the Reid Government. He (the speaker) believed his statement of independence was a myth; and if he were returned, which he (the speaker) did not anticipate, he would veto as he had done in the paat. His present asser tion was duo to the fact that he read the writing on the wall. That gentleman, explain ing his frequent absence from the house, had slid thbt the labour party attendances oon, aieted in mlany instancea of the' member passing through the bhooe. He (the speaker) ndmittedthere was great temptation to be out of the house when Mr. Conroy and other speakers of his character wearied their hearers with twaddle similar to that given toa the electors a few nights ago. Still the labor members were anxious to pass certain men acure, similar to the Commerce Act, in the - interests of the people, and they wore always to vote, which was more important than talk. :Mr. Conroy attempted to make a mouthful out of what he called his (Mr. Watson's) policy speech when premier, that the only measure he announced was the granting of the title of honourable to all previous, present and future members,. This was an instance of lamentable.want of caution on the' part of Conroy, because he (M'r. Watson) had had nothing whatever to do with the bestowal of the title. It was the act of his predecessor. Ho had merely moved, with the object of allowing Mr. Conroy and others to speak on the Government's policy, that a document be laid on the table and be printed, 'nd the on, handed tp by the clerk happened to be relating to the bestowal of "?e'title.' He wanter the elertors to egoside their' qttitudo at (lhe preset tini, dca o they were can froette with probleqis demailding immediate attenotion, etherniseo their clhldrcen would be enslaved. The pasition was such that de. manded a policy and a programme, neither of which had been put forth by Mr. Reid or Mr, Conroy, The awakening of the people in the Rst should impel them to try to make Australia attractive to induce free people of the white race to come and fill up the waste places. To embark in a policy to increase the population would be useless so long as the lands of the Commonwealth were tied up. To remedy this the labor party proposed to put on a progressive land tax. Mr. Conroy gave it as his opinion that the Federal con. atitution would not admit of the passing of such a tax, that it was against the 1fity-second section. Mr. Conroy here showred that his knowledge of law had become musooty. The section ie ejuoted did not refer to taxation. It was the lifty-first, and itq its second sub. section power wan given to the Co.nmonwvealth to impose taxation t q lon as no aqdiecriminu. tion wqs titde botscoq the States. On a oegal aithqlrity hp iad obtained he believed tl(h b th ederal Parliament hai the power to paqa thy tao proposed. Mr. )ei4 s"idl~e would leave closer settlement to be dealt with by the States, but any antion they hadtalen had had the effect of raising the price of lnad to the detriment of those who wanted it. Sir obstacles existed in the road of the States. Those were the upper houses who would never consent to a measure to unlock the lands. His party believed there was only one effec. tire gothod to mnako it unprofitable to hold land against settlement, that wona a progres sire tax with an exemption up to £5000 and a maximum chargo of .d. They were not committed to any. details between those figures. Capitaolhadben attempted to bomado out of a statement he was alleged to have made at Brisbane that he could pledgo the party not to reduce the exemption ii the future. That was only half the truth. Whathe did-say was that the party was nor pledged to an exemption of £5000, but he could not promise what future parliaments might do. Mr. Watson then spoko at tomo length on social ism and contended that his opponents had no more right to impute to the Labor party -the mild schemes eauunciated by extremists than lie hadof accusino Mr. Reid or Mr. Ginroy (if they were individualists, which he doubted) with the extreme views exprecseod by come of those belonging to that political party. The dootrinoof has (the speaker's) party wae the nltionalisation of all monopolies whies were acting injturiously on the community. They repidialed that. they advocated the share system, and would object to divide with others. He appealed to his hearers to free their minds from stories put forth by interested persons, and atludy the probalm for themselves. If they did this lie wan not afraid, of the result next Weducnsday week. (Cheer's.) Mr. Watson, e ireply to questions, raid he' was opposed to capital punishment; that he approved of Commonwealth old agens eoiona; also of penoicns to judges to keep the judi cature pure; that he disappr- ed of atter? sall's sweeps, but approved of lotteriaes. A voto of thanks to the opeaker, propoo bty Aldorman Gegg, oecooded by Alderman Barrett, nod oupported by Mr. CtL-..a,. was carried witht acolamation, and a"? lark, ponded to by Messr. Hialt and Wtano, the Intter of whom proposed a vote of thanks to tho chnirman, which iwa nlao enthusicatioally carried. The mooting. whieh was most ordorly and attentive, concluded with choero for thoKinog rind lobor. , 