AGBlCTOTUltE IN VICTORIA, ' BY T.K.D' ' ' The rain which I referred to. In my last letter was a general one, and after, a few days of fine ; weather , 'we . had ' an other light 'but general downpour. Con sequently we are' beginning to fear a wet harvest. It is too late now for M fln:anv considerable damage, and wet weather-' with us is not such a serious -matter a.: in more humid countries; but it involves ind may make a reduction, of a bushel or. two an .acre in. the average yield. In any' c^e;''lrbw^h;;-'ihc^eld will be -a good one, the lo^ses,;from wild' oats, take all flag- smut, and 6 tlie r causes : being un able to prevent the Output from exceeding that 'of last year. Some producers are fear ing that the increased output from Australia will affect the market, but our quota is too small to inat'erially influence prices. Even in butter production there will have to be large developments before our product will be able to affect- the market, and in propor tion to the whole we figure even smaller in the wheat -market. The rains are keeping the grass from drying up, and thus prolong ing a most productive grazing season. depending ON WHEAT. Victoria has produced a considerable quan tity of wheat, but' it- has always been locally regarded as undesirable that the farmer should 'depend' upon this crop. To 'depend on wheat' is looked upon as tolerable only un til the more desirable stage is reached of growing wheat while being independent of it. This simply means that, owing to the fav ourableness of our natural conditions for grazing, a considerable portion of the farm er's income is derived from the keeping of live-stock. In the event of wheat falling be low what is considered a remunerative price, our farmers would 'go in for something else.' It is expected that the immigration to Canada will this year reach 100,000, and a second trans-continental railway is being constructed for the 'development of the wheat producing resources of the north-western ter ritories. Those who are 'writing up' the sub ject state that, if the available country were settled upon, and one-fourth of it put U2i der crop each year, the yield of wheat woud be about four times as much as the British market requires. There is then a possibility of Canada depressing the wheat market, and the farmer in the centre of a continent under the existing climatic condi tions would have some difficulty in 'going in for something else.' Australians, in develop ing their wheat-growing resources, arc for tunate in not having to depend altogether upon a product which might come down to a very low value. LARGER BUTTER FACTORIES. 7'he multiplication of small butter factories has at. length brought about the state of things which has otten been pointed out as b':ing tho inevitable result. Local jealousy, and placing the interests of rival townships before the general interests of the pro ducers, led to the establishment of more factories than the production of the districts concerned could legitimately support, with t!ir- result that, where farmers are not losing the money they put into the factories, they have been losing on the price which they have boon receiving for their cream and butter. Tho competition of proprietary factories in cities and large towns has brought this fact to light, for it has been found that thpee competing manufacturers can give higher prices for cream than the local factories. At first the railways were blamed for appear ing to favour the proprietary factories, but ii was found that any advantage derived from this source was not sufficient to ac count for the competition, and now it is be ing realised that the real strength of the proprietary firms is the increased cost of. production arising out of the unnecessary r.nmber of co-operative factories. Many of those small factories also stand aloof from th-- co-operative selling associations, and con Ei-quently have nothing but a manufacturing proOt to depend upon. They often market Mifilr butter through the very firms who are running city factories in opposition to them. only remedy is evidently an amalgama-. ?'-?n of factories and the strengthening of tr.'j co-operative selling companies. PLOUGHING BY STEAM. Steam ploughing has been attempted in Vic toria from time to time since the early days of the State, but it has always been abandon ed, the reason being that there is no consider able demand for the deep cultivation which was the original feature of steam work, while me cheapness of horses, and the low price' of horse-feed for long periods, made liorse cu.tivation*a strong competitor. The present High prices of horses and horse- feed, however, ana the fact 'that extra deep cultivation is no longer an essential feature of steam cul tivation, give some promise of bringing- about a change. In one or two instances somewhat fixtensive operations are being carried on in \ ictoria in the application of steam to ordin ary cultivation of a depth of 5in or'Cin. In these cases the process of drawing the ploughs hy a wire rope between two engines — one at each end of the field — is hot resorted to, but a traction engine is employed, travelling back wards and forwards across the field, and drawing sets of.. ploughs, turning about 20 lurrows at a- time. In this way from 15 to 20 acres per' day are ploughed, and it is claimed that the cost is less than by horse power. As i have seen traction engines in America work- ? this way on ground which was too soft tor horses to work upon, I see no reason why the enterprise which !s now introduced in this State should not extend. ABOUT PIGS. Some time ago I heard a lecturer explaining the fact that the Danish and Candian dairy farmers had captured the British market for bacon by catering for the modern preference for long, deep, thin, sides of bacon, and not breeding the over-fat type of pig formerly in fashion. One farmer' so misunderstood the lesson that he said the information was very encouraging, for his district 'could easily produce lean pigs — the principal difficulty being in getting them fat.' An officer of the Agricultural Department reports that farmers in this State still find a difficulty in getting their pigs fat, for at the market ne touna prime porkers selling at from 5d to 5§d per lb, while most of the pigs were fetching only from ljd to 2d per lb. The cause of so much loss to the farmer in these cases was a fail ure to properly feed the pigs. They had in curred the expense of producing a frame and carcase weighing 601b or 701b, and had sold it for half price, for. want of a few shillings worth of extra feed. The 601b or - 01b of pork had been produced on grass and waste f®e-^- but the few shillings* worth of extra feed ?would have been taken from what could be sold in the market; and it is contrary to tlie ideas of many in this country to give to an animal anything that can be sent to market. When will we begin to look to animals as our best market for our crops? 