I ' GENERAL NOTES. S; A well-known western district proporty in H Victoria, known as Phoine's Estate, was put up |j, 'or public auction tn Melbourne yesterday, by 3 order of the executors of tho late R. Mucphcr- n. wn. I bo estate comprises about 4556 acres, I aDt' 's situated within eight miles of Casterton. |j. Bidding started at £7 per acre, and by degrees M crept up to £9 10s; no advanco being offered, ,.| tbo estate was passed lu for private sale. At J the conclusion, negotiations wero entered Into jT "lb a private buyer, who, It Is satd, Is willing jjs purchase at a figuro approaching tho reserve Woo, viz., £9 17a 6d per acre. Tho salo of tho Vavorley Estate, near Mudgeo (N.S.W.), coin- sjj Wslng 3940 acres of secured lands. Is reported ,a. by Trobeck, Sons, anil Company, Itlio >ur- a tbascr being Mr. ,W. S. Suitor. II An extensive order for English-grown applo jH fees has just been executed by tho Kentish rJsj "tfeorymon, IV. Home and Sons, Rochester, j| r Tasmania, The commission covered the til '"My of somo 6000 nmldon trees of various /"d3 a English paradlso stock, and theso J bate been specially grown at tho Rochester 1 nursery. About tho middle of last month they i-ii cro llItoi and packed for shipment iu tho sjj "'bit, which left London about tho 15th. Tho 4 otlhod of packing should bo rather Interesting -9 0 'ru'tgrowors. Tho young troes .wero placed J m cases 8ft, long, 3'/jft. wide, and 3ft. high— -.J breequarter inch board with quartered ridges \- | C'"E used— and firmly packed with mould and j if Koo<' wool. Comploto for shipment each caso -| ,cltlicd over half a ton. j „r' ) B. Maiden, Director of tlic Botanic /j haartcns' wr't6s: — "Two or three ilnyB ago you ! . a JEBcatlon by a Samoan planter that our I' )' \ common Morcton Bay fig might bo utilised as a source o£ India-rubber. People periodically raiso this question, and I bog to say that many years ago i sent some of the juice a rubber manufacturing firm iu England, and it was pro nounced worthless. Some years ago in Algiers experiments wero made to obtain a eoagulable latex from the same tree, but they resulted in failure. In my opinion Flcus elastlca Is the only fig capable of yielding rubber as a commer cial crop in New South Wales, and theu only on the northern rivers." Tho recent remark of Mr. A. J. Thynne, M.L.C., of Queensland, after having looked into matters in Taoley-street, London, that Aus tralia 13 not getting full value for her butter, roceivea some confirmation from remarks of a "Times" contributor. This writer speaks of Danish butter, "which practically rules tho market, " as being a "pale, mild, sweet butter, containing from lu to 14 per cent, of water," and says that although the price obtained for it is usually one-tenth higher, "it does not pos sess the body and quality of the best grades of Australasian butters." The New Zealand article he gives preference to over all the oversea but- tei's, describing it as high-colored, high-flavor ed, full of body, more silky than Australian, and neither so grainy in texture nor quite so hard. This critic also thinks that the superior char acter of tlic Government grade in New Zealand gives that State an advantage in marketing. The best brands aro offered as early us July to home buyers, who are thus invited to compete against one another and bid a price for de liveries between September and April. "Al though working at great disadvantage, in that they incur speculative risks, those unable to do without New Zealand butler are forced to en deavor to supply their needs by forward pur chase, knowing that if the price tendered be not thought, sufficient, the offer to sell may be withdrawn, and the butter consigned to sales men, as is tho best factory butter from Aus tralia. Such market Independence bas been gained through the character the butter has earned by skilful manufacture and scrupulously careful grading. " Replying to a letter of his appearing iu a Port Darwin paper, soliciting information as to the suitability of tbo Northern Territory for white immigration, a settler of that region sup plies some Interesting particulars. He says that for 11 years past he has worked there at various kinds of labor, from that of the mechanic to ordinary pick- aiid-shovel delving, and "does not hesitate to assert that any ordinarily healthy white man can do all the work required in tho climate." Ho says It is much more healthy than Broken-hill, where he spent several years, and says that the bulk of working men are in agree ment that, given -the application of modern mac hinery, colored labor Is totally unnecessary, even for agricultural work, and that a European can still provo his superiority. "There Is a small class1 who continually agitate for colored labor because its employment would mean greater pro fits; but for ail that, 1 still maintain that with modern, up-to-date methods, not only can the farming industry be mode payable, but that a suitable wage to enable a while man to live com fortably can be paid." Having done a good deal of exploration along the coast, and a few miles inland, he speaks highly of the productive capa bility of most of the land he has passod over, and declares that the obstacle to settlement in the Northern Territory is not climate, but Isolation from markets for the produce. "NVlth regard to tbe suggestion that Russian Jews and Italians should be encouraged to settle there, he has doubts as to their desirableness, but thinks that, in any case, tho foundations of the settlement should be laid with British pooplc, otherwise 'a foreign community planted down fbero would run togeLhcr, and for lack of an English-speaking population to absorb them, soon become "a class apart, a menace, and a nuisance." 