THURSDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1906. It is a most unfortunate and may prove to be a disastrous thing that there should be a triangular combat proceed- ing before the electors—a combat in which the socialists, impotent as re- gards their own strength, hope to win on the old lines, "divide and conquer." Nevertheless, the labour candidates are at one with the Reid-McLean party in emphatically asserting that the real issue is a single one—namely, is social- ism to prevail? Mr. Reid states that issue in Sydney with all his unrivalled platform power; Sir John Quick and Mr. McColl define it with logical strength and acuteness on the same night in Victoria; and labour candi- dates all over the state acknowledge that they are fighting for the establish- ment of socialism, and glory in the fact. Mr. Scullin, at Ballarat, with vigour and candour, said:— "Mr. Deakin has submitted a despairing policy, but the Labour party presented one which was a bread-and-butter policy. The strongest objection was taken to the objec- tive of collective ownership, but that was not to-day's policy—it was what was being aimed at. He did not wish to deceive his hearers in the slightest degree—his party was leading direct to socialism." He assured Mr. Deakin that he would find the party far from the mere visionary thing which, in affected con- tempt, he tried to make it out to be. The Brisbane "Worker," the paper owned and controlled by the Australian Workers' Union, affirms in its last issue there is in the present campaign "no " hint of compromise, no laudation of " a policy of prudence, no repudiation " of the socialism of our movement, but " a proud proclaiming of it toi all the " sons of men." This outspokenness is what is wanted. Mr. Russell, the socialistic candidate for the Senate in Victoria, says the party respects Mr. Reid because he is a straight-out oppo- nent. In the same way the socialists who say what they mean, who don't hide their hopes and intentions behind mean pretences, deserve the respect which attaches to courage and candour, however wildly and grotesquely astray they may be in their aims and aspira- tions. Contempt is reserved only for the poor-spirited few who try to sneak in between the two great parties by asserting that socialism is a far-off, visionary thing, and anti-socialism the fighting of a mere bogey. Mr. Reid's statement of the position of the anti-socialists is opportune, and will prove of great value in the cam- paign. The foolish pretence that the anti-socialists have nothing behind the negative portion of their policy— supreme in importance as that is—was exposed in a masterly manner. Very wisely, a great part of the range of government, that which deals with the people in their social relations, has been left in the hands of the states, and much of what the socialists clamour for could not be accomplished by the Com- monwealth Parliament without a wholesale violation of the federal bond. But in so far as the constitution allows it, the Progressive Anti-Socialist party is much better equipped for work of forward and ameliorative legislation than its opponents. It proposes, not to destroy our present system, but to amend it where it is faulty. It will not take over private monopolies and make them state monopolies, but regulate them. Because some may require regu- lation, it is not proposed to put fetters on all industries. The powers of the state will be freely used to educate, to assist, to encourage individualism, not to stifle it. These are the lines of pro- gress and orderly evolution on which the Anti-Socialist party proposes to pro- ceed. They contrast well with those of the party which has held office so long and done so little, and those of the revolutionaries, whose first and strongest impulse is a destructive one, who would throw down all that has been done through the centuries, in the foolish hope that something better than the present state of society will spring up from the ruins. The indefensible pseudo-alliance by which the socialists clung to their seats and their salaries till Parliament had dragged out in impotence its last days constitutes a great indictment against the party. The socialists make great professions of independence and public spirit, which never stand the strain of trial. One of the boasted principles of the party was that it would never take office till it had a majority of its own supporters in Parliament. But the opportunity came, and it jumped at office, and held it on sufferance as long as permitted. It boasts that it trusts the people, but it is notorious that the one reason why the Deakin party was supported in office was that the rank and file of the Labour party would not face the electors with the chance of loss of their seats and salaries, until the un- pleasant ordeal could not be avoided. The session was wasted, because the Labour party, bound by no allegiance, worked for the defeat of all measures not in consonance with its peculiar pur- poses. The immorality of the alliance is demonstrated by the fact that the parties to it, now that the tie of self- interest has been severed, have sepa- rated widely with a mutual repulsion. No public men are more profoundly im- pressed with the necessity of opposing the socialistic party than are Mr. Allan McLean, Sir John Quick, and the rest of the Victorians who formerly worked with Mr. Deakin. These are not the men to be misled by a chimera or frightened by a bogey. They see that the only way to deal effectually with the growing tiger of socialism is to kill it when it is young, before it has developed destruct- tive strength. These are men who stand for the state, for the Commonwealth, and for the empire, against those who would like to see the states wiped out because they think they have in the Commonwealth greater hopes of work- ing their foolish designs—men whose creed, in that full development which Mr. Scullin joyfully anticipates, leaves no room for monarch or empire. Under the guidance of such leaders as Mr. McLean and Sir John Quick, Victoria is not likely to become the victim of a foolish scare, nor will it be lulled into a false and foolish security. Rather will it take the means necessary to secure to itself a steady and peaceful advance along the path of ordered pro- gress. It is a new thing in duelling when the person who provokes the quarrel wants two shots to his opponent's one. Mr. Deakin had the advantage of a con- current reply to Senator Sir Josiah Symon yesterday. To-day he has a second shot, but with the important difference that Sir Josiah Symon is not equally favoured. To be strictly fair we should have held over the Prime Minster's statement until the rejoinder to it could be given. In view of his smartness in getting his first letter into the same issue as Sir Josiah Symon's, Mr. Deakin could not complain if this were done. Were it not certain that the statement would in any case be published elsewhere this morning, we should have deferred inserting the Prime Minister's further statement until both parties could be heard together. Mr. Deakin therefore scores a point, but we are afraid it will not avail him much. Fair- minded readers will look beyond the tactics to the real issue. It is this. In his Ballarat speech Mr. Deakin ob- viously sought to make it appear that Sir Josiah Symon had acquiesced in the inclusion of the union label clauses in the Trade Marks Bill. Why else did he rip up the past? To accomplish his purpose he suppressed material facts. In his speech, as in the state- ment published in another column, he very cleverly omitted to quote Sir Josiah Symon's strong denunciations of the clauses. There might have been some excuse at Ballarat, because he spoke "off the reel," but what can be said in defence of his statement made yesterday in cold blood? Sir Josiah Symon is no doubt fully able to take care of himself, but in the meantime it is necessary to supply the suppressed facts, Sir Josiah strenuously fought against the clauses which were inserted in the bill before he took charge as Minister. Subsequently, as Attorney-General, he tried to have them recommitted, supporting Sena- tor Gould's motion to that end, but the attempt failed. It is idle to say that he should have thrown the bill under the table, and equally idle to say that the Ministry should have resigned. The majority which inserted the clauses would certainly have refused to allow the bill to be dropped. Then the Ministry was not called upon to resign. Had the bill been its own, there might possibly have been some ground for the contention, but it was not the Ministry's measure, and it had still to be submitted to House of Represen- tatives. It does not lie in Mr. Deakin's mouth to condemn the Reid Ministry for not resigning. The Barton Ministry did not resign when the black labour clause was, in similar circumstances, put into the Postal Bill by the Senate against its wishes, nor did the Deakin Ministry resign when a similar clause was inserted in the British Preference Bill. Yet both of these were the Minis- try's own bills. In neither case did the Prime Minister move that the mutilated bill be laid aside. The Postal Bill, with the objectionable clauses in it, was sent down to the House of Representatives at the instance of the Barton Govern- ment; precisely the course taken by the Reid Government on the Trades- Marks Bill. It should be remembered also that the Reid Government did not pass the Trades-Marks Bill through the House of Representatives. That was done by the present Ministry—certainly after the union label clauses had been altered, though still left in a very ob- jectionable and dangerous form. Apart, however, from this recital of the facts, the real point is whether Sir Josiah Symon was in favour of the union label clauses. By withholding his clearly- pronounced views, Mr. Deakin tries to convey the impression that he favoured them. Exactly the contrary was the case. It is regrettable that in this context the Prime Minister should ex- pose himself to censure for want of can- dour. One expects better things of him. How to attract sultnble Immigrants was one of Hie subjects to which Mr. J. M. Gillespie, as a member of the Closer Settlement Board, naturnlly gave sound attention while in Great Britain. Ile dealt with the mntter In the "Interview" published In "The Argils'' of Tuesday. " If," he said, "emigrants could be as "surcd, before leaving their old iiome, "that here arc lnnds, carefully pur " chased under Government niisplccs, of " such and such charactei1' and quality, " nt snell and such price and terms per " acre, and so situated In respect to rall " ways, schools, churches, and the com " forts and conveniences of ii settled dls " trlct that a man with ii modorate cnpl " tal may make a eomfortJiblc home nnd " a decent living, we would get any ntltn " her of good settlers with some means " from firent Ilrltaln." That Is, doubt- less, true. Caniidn Is nble to nltrnet Immigrants, becimso she has an orgnn Iscd stiff of experts on the spot, author- ised to pinto detlnlte proposals in rc sixs-t to the acquirement of land licforc the immigrant at his own door, nnd uble to give liiin instruction and advice at even stage from tho old to the new home Aloreover, the "set" of emigra- tion is townrds Canada which tells gnatli In favour of that countr) See- ing that so mum pcoplo "talk Canada." as Is the (use in Great 111 Hain to-slay, the Dominion could reallv do without emlgr ilion agents A comparatively re- cent eient proved Ulli Somo months ago tin failure of the heiring Dsherv loft a number of the fishermen of I/»w is -Hie prinolp .1 Maud In the Hebrides group, off the const of Scotland- In gre it dlstres- I migration was sug ge-ted and relief was prompt!« given bv scndiiu 00 of them to Cunadn. A conllil ivelcome was extended to the men bi the dundina Government, and thev were sent direct to Winnipeg and soon found work The account of their reception mid Ucntmeiit lu turn will serve to attract others Australia, how- ever, hu- not established au organisa (lou for nttr.ii.ting immigrant«, mid until we do so vie cannot expect a steudv How of newcomer» Dr. Ko th- ud I Adam who has also Just returned from (¡rent Hritaiu, confirms .Mr Gilles- pie- statement that little Is known of Australia while Canada's resources are advertí-ed 01 cowl-en* Laud suitable for settlement Is a powerful fiutot lu nttmetlug Immi- grants of the right stamp We can neier full« dei««lop our i e-ources until the popiilntlou Is crrjlli In innsisl and li Is vet) desirable Hint -due merni should he devised foi ( i ming out Mr Gllle-rples Ideas. The \ li tori in Government Is tumble to set ipirt ie|iiirdinsed land for Immi- grant- until the demand by oui own peopli Is snllslied, at uni rate. II Is In (li-|S)v I to do so Hut It would be I pond tiling If some of the prhnte owner- who are culling up estates or some of tho syndicates uoiv engaged In lui) in.: land for subdivision could be Inila« ni lo miike n definite offer of bold i lugs tn Hiltisli fa nuns anxious In emi- grate. Pi li .m» and syndic ile siilulli Mon Is being inuih mon* largely eng.igitl in Iban Is subdivisión by the Closer «settlement Honni, .uni some im-.ins might In* ndopbtl u hereby the Govern- ment could n-l-t {without «mt to Uie state i to billig luto Victoria suitable settlci-a for lands offered by prlvtite len ilnrs. Nit-e-iirlly the pro|x>-ul would ntiulre very careful consideration, und the utmost enn« would lune to It« taken lo emim* Hint the Goiernmont under- took no ri-l. lilian« tally, and, moreover, that it should glin Its einlorseiuent (in))' lo pi*oJis*ts uf which sudi n competent and trustworthy liod) us the Closer Settlement Hoard fully approved, (¡lien these mifegunnls, it might be iwsslble to make a iery satisfactory beginning willi a scheme for seiillng Immigrants on farm and diiir.v arcas In A'lctorln, a scbciin« will«li later «m could bo tiikeu oier by the Government when It lins ureas to offer for Un* purpo-e. In the Souili \fric.i Contingent*' Pen- sum« Act li"-.., |.ton.Inn; (fuñón* for the ilnlilrcn n.' i'tre.is.'il siildiers. tiiiicnilinniit» «tere mnile dunn,: its iias-iigc. niisiiig the nye up t«) wini li |i.n«uiii« -.ltoiild lu» pud lunn 10 to Is «Kirs. Tim scliislule romain* ins Hie linn«- of licm-ficunes UTI» not uttered nnonluigl«. Thm enor, nindi uould curtail tin* pcnu'oiie of the cliililren «if mo fmilln-«, wns n-contly «l.n-o«*er-i|. Y«»ti-rd.ii Mr. lb'nt itilrodiiecil linn ihe laCKulntive A-g-einhl« n «liort bill lo nllcr tin* schedule in tin* proper ilirecuon. Op* |mitutiil» ««is -ikon lu sniiii* memlier« l.v |inr»*> the fhiüia of wjutvd soldier» lo coin- | |H*II*.IIIOII or i'inplovment .Mr. Ileni pío*j IIIIM-II lo ei»!i«iili r nil ria-, mid tin* lull j lins t'ie'11 pjnt'il thrungli nil «I urra »«itlunit mncniliiii'iil. I -Mipiilr i»! tin* month uti» gianled to Hie i ''livifiin-r lu tlif Ugiehtii» Amembl« i.'- ¡ i ur.h). In lim gfiii-nil discussion «Illili i.in-titiititl lilt* deleite, Mr. Alister rallul nituiiion to .) iisentlv ptibbslu*.! re|M»ri re ?.irdiiii: iiiitlt'liiUil iriini», «Illili lie Mid um iiiisli'iiliiig mid i uni-« uren*. S.r ¡-«linne! (,ill.ill (('lucí Ntret.ir«) saul llint in many pinn uhr* sin li et.it «tie« wi-re mwlcadinii. .Mr AII-.II'> luldnl tint it MS« mielo to «ip pcir tint in ll«tt nlsiut 8,000 olfenres were iiiiiiinillisl, iiml enb «bonI I.IHX) rise» t Irans! np Tin« irin« liicuiv« were, in roitnil liiiinlu're. -- Oltrnci«*. XIOOO. dennd up. ¿I.IXK) 'Hu* «iirnigv number of iiiitli*ti*olid «nun'« foi lim li»l lim it'-ti's «?!" îi.WTl* Since lssl tin* |ij|iiil.lii>n hid inrri'iifil ti Iii' ecu I . bul tin' iiiimlicr of unileUt led t nines h ni nu re mtl mil« J.' |n*r «vin. Ite frrenri* were made In the lute for Hie pur « liase of aim lum rv io iminuf.ie*ture wire uriuim m Hit* «."ii- Mr Cullen mid .Mr tiru *utl tli.it lin» -»Inn** »fie not likely to |iim*liisi' the iietling ' li )(«! sell it direct lu tin« people ' Mr. Grt) KUI!, "you »ill mt oir.« lui of win« ni'tuiiit. und set n*ry bille moiii'i luik" (Istiuxliti-r.) Ml. .lames Cnmi ron mud lint if Un* win* neUitig uero-uippliul nt.« re-nonulilu pnro-*ay t'Jtl l«*r ton instruí of _.tJ"llii* Govi rainent ««mild be Miiit'ssftil. Mi. Ilromlcy mi» uniroii* l« kno«i niieilu-r nu», puninii of lim pDnient of over JM MM lo Mr W. II. Croker for uri ni*« tai Un* llutlci* Comm.*' «um »»ns liiihnlisl nniler the item, "Mistel liiliruii». £J,1Ü1 .ilr. Premien..»»! lin'«- alieiitioii to the liiuensl railini) «ile» m Neu South Wale«, anil KUII Hint lim Hull»»*«* (-oiiiliimalnni'lii oí Vietorii mu*t not lu»e the lUiemia trull«'. Ile promised iiui»l.li'iiilili' drhito oil llie ipiest.ou ni luilnu) fivlnlit« when tin» r_.um.itr» ni ni til Mi*. I lent »aid ibut lie, tim, mudd maki' II «tntfiiient when the K*ti« mili«* «.une «ni 'I'hi' hill Kunnin« the »up lil» WHS pin-sell tliniiiiili all «Uli«** When tin' Klcetnc Stns't Hall««*«' Km« II« HIIIII Hill lill« In'fnre tint lA»|fi*«latl«i«Aiisi'liibl) ii'it'iiü) ti'«' l'riinier, icfeiring lo tin* iiiiuindnu'iit |ir.)t«*stüig lim .Motrupollttin i Uowil of Worto*' ttrntnr nn- lns, expnwutl Ü» «»pinion that Llierti wen« no mains on the proponed oxtwwlon route. TI» olllrow of llie board nov»' point out Unit with Um «*. nullum of ii HIIOI t, gtip botneen J'iiik und Wi'llliuiloti ««eel*, II lui. um i" ¡MI« idniiit tin» route, wliiln umina inters«'! Hu» lino nt mont of the ero« streeU. The piiitwtlvo elnii*v, ti* ntnonditl by UM» AiwemWv, k t_w>u«_t to be hMlUdont, niirüniliriy M tk» duuwtaitoiaainiNiUMMJMdud. I« is the intention of the board to make further representations to tho Premier 1 lectors for the state require (o renew their elector* lights bv November 1 In accordance with instructions issued some weeks ago electoral registrar* will keep their offices open from 7 o'clock until 0 o clock each evening from 20th inst to November 1 inclusive Public servant« require to obtain their rights in the same manuel as if t-epi rate representa bon had not been the Uw Should n general election tako phec before Aprd I when tho new- roll* will come into force conndcrnble confusion will result, owing to the public servant« all appearing on the rolls prepared on the bim« of »ca rate representation It is an i h-o] u tel j ideal site for an acuto mental hospiUl Eau! the iiispc-ctor-.'onor-d of tile hospitals for the inmne (Dr Iones) icstcrda) in reference to the criticisms on the Alnnbvrnong mtc It is ncccswiry th it the howpitil should be nenr the cit>, »nd ii beroi cr it l« placed the same objections »lill he uiKcd Tile Mnnl»)rnonu Kite is n couple of miles from the station There ire very few honsc* near it and it stands on i load that leads to nowhere in partieuiar I lived in an nsilum for j oar» right in tho midst of such cases nnd I never lost a night s sleep ITie objection* nrc not sen "mental but selfish The interesting phenomenon of un oc cullition of «saturn occurs on Sittirday even Irig The phnct m for n time bidden from view hi the moon 1 i)ou«.h occulta-ions of pliiiielt- nie notof ver) rare occuircncc those th.it oceur nt a convenient time for gcnenl observation nrc sufTicicntl) nrc nt an) one pi ice In he worth notice An occultation is onli visible over n limited por.ion of the earth H surface The present, one, for e«t ample is not visible north of the equator nor south of latitude 70dcg and onli to a portion ot the cjrth between these limits Toa still Mnnllcr portion is it visible at i conieiiient hour in the cirli evening He sides «inch tile weiither h es ilmt>s to be taken into account in MU ii phenomena Air Alcrlicld of **)dnc) Ob**rr« lion, lus cal culated the times ot d.s.ppcarince mil re appcannce at the different eipitals of \us Inila, an I gue« for tin disappear.nee at Melbourne "li 'lOiiim mel rt ippcannee at 81) 14mm A» the moon will not vit be full ac tia time, the disappearance takes pliee behind the dirk portion of the disc on the nghtliind side betöre re idling the bnght part The oce-nltition lost* a short time, lieeair-e Situni will not pi-w near)) centrally under the moon Tile planet takes over a minute to dtsippear from tile time 01 the lint contact, and dunn* that time will form i vcrv interesting object in a small telescope Inder the Puie Pool Act vendors of articles of food will Is* required after Innu mi 1, to state on the pir.kai.es information as to the trade nunn, or tie.«cnpr.on, the nctiicight, number or true meisure of tin contents, and the nome and nddress of the vendor or mikcr Hie Boinl of Public Health, however, ha* power to nut ko e\ emptions, mil nflcr consideration it has adopted n regulation exempting certiin articles from the provision as regard* the »Internent of weight incisure, or volume of contents The e-.emptions in. of particu hr mtc est to «.roccre retail pieken« und vendors of food substnm« s, and the list mav be secured it the nliiee oi tin Ilofird ot Pals he Henllh It ineludrs certain jellie-«, con dments fish fruin-, j um incnl« pistes, cbciiittilsttbi.tat.ee». leircngc» tibiéis fool substance- in bnlU )-ack(d for w hole-ale diatnbiitinn «rtitlis of food puke I on the premises for car!« ret iii sale i \eept «hose «uitoiunnli sold bl might uni beers v »ni s -pu ts liqueurs and o lu ? be« crises | nihje ! lo ollur proviiioin oi tho -iel I l.isl wee, a larn »I« put itiin oi ii-» dent* j if the \t esteru «linn t ii tiled upon the | MitiiHt.r of Public Works (Ali Cum ron) ¡ in the nbvni* nf iii« Pri mu r (Mi Ht ntl j to urge it|i. it ¡i 11 tin inn-in II icnrring 'li «i«.-ti« n o cousin tt iii ti i two i mtcs u« luina! pein. ii iKti-1 iii U nu n distiKt to (in Ililli« tv -timiing Commit lee Ali 1-ent vi-Krdi« ilirectc»! tint 1 lilil) should IM feirniirdiil lo Hu mavoi of (?ccloiig (Counnllor Hostitk), who ,« pre- sident of the Hailir.i» leigue stating that there i« no jiisti leition for n fi nmg eitlier of the pnijeetnl line.« t«v the coiiiiiut-ce -omi poitd official» in a New «*-outli Wnhs toun i-une jieniss i v.n iiim-eleome siir| n«-e lei«kit the other tin« Wpinsi wcrt bcitis (broun irro-n tin ubi« nu c\ pliinuii oceurrcd I ximinalie li »honed tint «lie of llie pared« contain« I a [sir tie whieli hld lieen Inidttl 'I lu n»siatanti n ho were on dtitv li id a 11 «iron e-r »|s mun M rum», if liol fital, injiir» Mr -io !, the K-rrelarv of thu (.Aalni Post .1 tdiiiiniitni I on désir«» lo impn s« on tin publie tint an« one forivarding loaded liiv-nns llimupli the |K»t is bible lo i )>enal!) ( f -.100 in nqtiir) n being condueles! into the c.«e re f« rred to itli 11 in« 1st 11 n niied lu tin Pnme Mim»iir (Mi Heikin) of lb« mr ni in \« w Guim 1 of the Ibu d (uinmiseion ippoinlel lo inquire lulu the pns-eiit eondilioiis in 1 method* of guirniinint of Pipuo, windi 1» no« n fonimoimedib pn-Mcs* on llu» rout iinirueon «ipenel H» ««Unie- on «-epieinlier H when it»« iit.inliii. (I «dom I M ulai I «'ihitrej n »liort »|mih muting iieri.ui. lo give evidence und proinmng lint li» I «iimmi-sion »«oui I protect 10 llu uuno-i | of us ¡«oner tin« ofiii 1 ii or |n«n« |ier»n!i who wthed ii mike m« «lilt mut on [ cul, In i statement in "Tile Argil» «<»l«*rdi«, tho Kev Dr D-iniel M Donald, »luv In« un extensive knowledge of Hie Neu llchnde* evpnwcd llie iipiniiiii Uni iii.« Ilntnh ollie ii« in llu» inlands ebon)«) In il.ru !? I j in I In u* nil ion« no1 b> tin High (.oniin « j I nmer III I'IJ , hut In' the ( omiiintimilili j lioieriimeiit Tin« uni i» 1.1 m rill« i n (limed in fediral pnlilu-l « in le«, but it )« I pointe rout lim llu» Non llihudt« iiiim*. ' ««ullin the tirnlonal junwlilion of the | | lligli Cnminisaiiiiitr foi thcW.stirn Paiiiu I'Hie Prime Minuter (Mi Deakin) stan« thnt Au«tnilii ««'ill ha««* no liunii«lil rr«|»on «ililli!« untlei the Anglo IVciirh «mmnlnui Siili.ul) i» liouetrr, being paid h« the («in ' nitmiiuillli io iiurii«, I'hilp, und (o Lum led (or running u hue of »ti imer« in the Nu« Ilrhritl« « Two «liputuiion* walled upon Mr Cime nu» (Almi-Mer for Public Work.) v eli ni 11 ?norning Hue from tile» henuig »liim (III irwin««! In Mr Cullen. Al I, \ ) inked for assistante in rr|iniriug Hood dsinigr. 1 he .uiiniiiit of damage done li) the doods, «» hub hal « Mum* I) »ubaiiltil, In* mu id I eui e«ti iiuitnl. The Minisu r pnumxil lo loiiauiei the request 'I lie »einnil deputation muni dmvd hi Mr Munin, M.I,A) «ituc from Watrnuulx.ol »Inn*, U.i.Uil for iwaisiaiu-o III the construí lion «nil iiuuitt nnitiv «if roads, niaiiv of «A hi til t inlt-tl m Omi 11 lind« The ntnoiml of n*»nnane«i sugj-wlrtl uns Í.7J0 A further r«quest fnuu the Munt» shire I w11* that 11 water trust might bo formed for lim drainage nrv.i round l-tikc Gilkiir. to 1 n able- tim «lim« to levy into« foi the iiiniiuins Kunnin.«»«"«! 11) mtepiyer» mid for inonev » qtlirrd for the ninintenuure nf I lu« neil li rou «tnietcd druin Mt. Catiuron promised nu earl) dcujuioii nipinliug llie iru»l und -sud tliul (lie «ppliittlioii for uni in the iiiuilei of tin« roiul« woultl rivoli 1» i-nnmieriHiiiii nlong with ol htm of the rame kind Tlinstpmsiilt-iiU-tlinsi »Inn» pieiidrnta. Inlrri'iewitl Hie Premier (Mr. lient) yester- day. The)' e»im> a» a deputation, introduii'tl by Mr, lliiliiiinsou, M.I..A., und asked for H belter passenger «a'rviro ou Us» Murtoa io Hope-Rum niilw*)' lino. They were Council- lor Hhiekerlinii. of llie Hurting »hin,*; Cum* cilloi' IWmiK, of the Diiiiimiii.il.» sliin»; mid Oiimmllor Turriff, of the Kurkarooe* »hire. 'Hie)' preferred to n*k the Premier, tin*)' mid, becau*o ho wiu more tynipatliiHi«' tlum the ltollway Commiss-oner. Tilt» pre- sent crrvii-e »»'ft* not n regular one, und they declared Ihitt they would lw i-MUlled willi ii motor »civic« in the winter tin»«*. ThU reminded Uu» Premier of «onwtliiiiK, nml Im htuuled round largo photogmpli* uf ruilnay motmn in other rountrW."l'm looking into tin» qiKWtion of motors," ho will. "1 wunt to dud uut whj.'li U tho best. Tlien vn» «lull prolsibly Rive it « tria!, «ml I (hall seo what win lie done for the Hopetoun line," The thivo pritldeiit« then withdrew. A deptiliitioii from J-oreen. near \« Yean, wa» int*rodiu"4*| U-ttit, 1'nuaier (Mr lient) yMtMxUy l'y the M-.-w-te." fur Publie AVortu. (Mr. Cameron). Ihw WMIUM a -w decided on, hut thcv could not rama more than the -MO, and the cost would 1« £12.".. At first the Premier was unsvmpatbelic "1 mndo Hngbton the offer of X1 to ¿2, he saul, and npcitcil the tame offer to the Doreen icprct-ciitiiliic* ilicj pointetl out Unit HUB was úseles«, and at la*t the Pre mier conscnlcil to gue £ïfl and the demi t.ition withdrc»v,content with the Premier* farewell allot of Moro thin )Oti expected, I suppose," ringing in their cais The demand for A ictoruin tinned butter had not incicascd is it should hnvc done in the AInli) States, w rites Hie Victo) urn oom merci ii ngent in the l_o*t (Air Sinelair) IiTegulanty in supplies »vus given an one of the i casons for tlus, the ti- iiie having been superseded to au (.-¡tent bj i butt«! pur palting to bo put up in llnitibn) This ins chcipcr thin A'letonin butter, lind was meeting with an inereising demand in the Malu Mates and Penang «.orne merchants sUtcd thut A'ictorian butter baal been good at first, but inferior aftennrds, and liad to be niircbistd instead of sent on consign ment, like Danish ind Dutch butter. Some, hotieier, agreed, on Ali Sincliir"« repii« vcntition*, to gue A'letonnn butter a fur Hier trnl llie llout iL-cd cime eli eil) from b)dne« ind tdeliudc and the tinned meats were rui-opcm uni Aiistmlnn The Amen can scand-u* had ilmost totilly stopped tile sale of all tinned meals for n time, but the ngid s«stcm of inspection in Austrdii be enuc known, and the nielnUons liad been bcnefic-al lo the tride Caliiornii supplied neirli nil the dcminds for tinned fruit, though a little c-inie fiom A'ictoni. The . use of i (met gride of fruit would secure a larger portion of Hie trade 1-nglibh jams received preference, but llieic wn« nothing to prevent A'ictomn mikers miking n spc I nal effort to push then goods on the market Him and bacon are imported prin cipillv from J'ngland ind wine fiom l.nro l'cnn countries Consequent npon the request of tho sind carters tint the old aréis at Poit Mci bourne should Is* mnde audible for obtain ing sand an olbin of tim I-and* dqiart ment (Air Plioine) mide inquiries, and re- ported in favour of the lcqiieat, condition all« on the carebikcr being given discretion arv pow cr as to feeing the quantities to lie taken and the fee being raised from 1/6 to J/0 a load -Tie Almistc- of Land» (Air Aljtkc)) hisi-gntsl to this recommend itiou. but li ted the price nt 2/0 a loud Some lime ngo it im-i suiigefftod thit an area of ISOicre* neir Al urmcknuheil, which is held b) the 1 omtn department should be mnde nv niable for sélection Yestcrda) a deputation from Hie shire of Borung w-iitul on the* Aliniiter of Lands (Mr Alnekev) to proteet i_r.iiiBt this course It ««as contended that there «tis good timber on the lind lint it might be nee-cssan in the future to nm dninigc lhere thnt it would mike an deil »i_c for i municipal sheepdip and tint it ion lined e-irth valu able for l-oid making Air Muk«« imdtr took Io obum a report on the subjeet from the district sune-vor Tho Flemington lue stink matket te> morrovi will le supplied willi 100 truck* oi i fit limbs -ni«.* «till tommcniT it 8 oeloik ' i letter wns read nt the mci ung of the | MeilHiurne llnrbour fra-t «c-terdi« Hum the I r-ides Itali i-king the liust to »uppli a list of prices igiceil lo loi rnrtige In ila tnist Tlie pnces on ii Inch inform ilion ivis requned were lor min hurí"* ind rirls ¿i \ sugcestion un» mide that the lettir Is* roiirred I« the binnie commutée hut Commissioner Unh objei led He »id We are asked for inforimtion ubi cannot ni »uppli ilv Comm «»lonet Duel dt fivourcd rclem ig the nutter lo the Iminee commit lire I he coutiacti proiiiltsl tint i iiimi mu n ni.t »li mid be nu I li lint na* no! dom Hu mut should KUI II OI II uiitedoi lining to Is told oi ii lu in tiuiei It lindi Coinuu»-ouir i II-li objecte! that the tra-t ii i» nm iii-tu -mg the ininiiiiu n i iin.c .jti«-(ion. but n-is i-ke 1 ti g «e de I linne ininrnntinn Tlieie bul Ken no com plnmt Hie «ecreiir« IT ni i biter le bid ilnllel -lung the mfonmtioii i»ki I nul the rlmirni in (( oiiitn «u-i mer *-»untig) m piittint. lite moiton thnt llie lc!t«r b< sent sail tit em gut llu» an»»»ir in I then I mike our ona inquirís I li« motion w is earned i Ale -ii lle-iheil Pole- in I -oí w II nil I bl pi bli m lion n -ou- Until t I pin ! In« ib« line mi ii-eiluld pin . peru P a-e Heir Deniliquin | Tonight in tin I ou nhill the Plullnr l monte *ixni> will sing Haydn» «niton» llu Crenion willi full oi.hc-.tii nu! (boni llu -olm-l» i e Ali«* \ inlet Alouiit I Air lune- Wide, in I Mr indi. » lllatk I Mi l -oise Peak« »Ilunilutl i id M t. I P 11 Kum w II p t« It i tin o gul I fu ki I* mai lu ob inel it dieu* during' i llie du Air iu-ui.» Hood being iii« onl« nndi dale nomiuitnl for lite v icini »cal on the I I'nivemiv I omi« il Un vegiitnir b is in vc j «iinlincc leith (be »I Hiding oilier* extend« I tin tim« for ret-einng no »mi ii on- it» noon | in Aiidnc-di« tin ll-t Ottnbt Detectiie Alnnning len lor Nu« /eilan I in the s« Ai nrruiioo ict-lcriliv lit is mil nig lb inp ni i*e»|inn«i to u i-e(|!ii«i I in lit \eu A il nul Pulu delvin min I lint li A lilt-nil «lite-til« ebon! I lie -e H Intro«» in i nier lo II- »t in Mooklin, Vu» triliin «niiiini't f-n ii linlmg in \m Al ,1ml diiiini, i i prigii » oi llu i _liil>i I I lion J Hie* li dam C »hut if th pdf« rantin ni l.i P mini in ml nf it !. un I luv IIn«q ii ii lb m »inn l"i»t Al I 1-ournt 11 llie pupil* i i Al -- letinii I liri ti ni lia* litti i-s ml mid »lins i Inshli ulisfi liri iv»ul! Ile lilli nie-ti I* win UAH nu I Ila» «\p«iis.. uiu.iililine tie iimleiid nil. wir. «\ trein li »mill lim niiimnmd to «.Hi tin I ni«lu.lui III« Ure i\|ni»i> lilli siri Ililli nig ind v !iirti»m*. H lin-Pi I vii« Ism iiiul m ib <\tnit ii itN ii llie iintliiig if lu »pm ii it mm .tit mil »iti»t H tu u «t ei i \| n~- til al Un vu» m windi tin tv i.eiiM-bul U,ii li|i ti nu uni both Mr» lYi mm Soil ti h II din I III»» nntl Mi- ll linn* Hn n III «ii' «i mphnieiili I III t n llu i ? viril ni in iin.oui« ni Hu I iiii.ism lubli ? «.rinn m uk | .minti« «uni .. Iii Mi tt VI n.r nil '.lulu n.tl It lu M, limul» Iiimrsiii mil' |1« 11 rf »rim 1 I. r ti. i» tun it inn ' elic-ti ii «-omul li 1« 1,11« li bl Ali I ii i nu I lulu nulli; ti .'n I tf Non nil» r in x1 in tin Ali lilian» lunn I »11 An illii»tritei| elm on Ta-nnui i (its m idiisirie«, nsuuri-c*.. .uni munal ndv.itiliigi-ill wa» given III tin Mi 11K,uni,. ')n»»n ¡tall 1 i-l «linn,, l,i Ali A. i,"1,1 Vt. rlhe nur. llu -nr.'liii-i if lb.. T.i-iiiiin.in Turni»l|A»«>itli- ll mu 'Iii, n» .ina i.i i .»lliiiilniiii', it lini |iii,t II'» i:\irllnit« llu* I .mirum General, i buril Nur.Inn.o iitul t i-nti lum I.»nun* mt ni lum.e. .cut lb.» Primer (Mi Henil lill* limelight «,1'lls lill',i». I ».It, II «himni all lb,» In nu« »inns o' Turn. ami Mr. Werlheiiner -Kelt lud b.-htli a li |i thrungli the l-l ni.1, «» lb nu i...-i.ma ii ili|i lan«» »lali.li«. 'Hie nulling appli*. .uni tun lir di-lni'l- ii. ie nilli il!ii.!iii.il Infor ttui.it. I«, tin» fit., 11, t «Ullin I m» |i«»l wini | the In Inn r .nul lin, liinlciII O|II ralnr hiokt* | dun n. mid tim« llu li « lure ii.i« gi« ni mult r .lill»lilli.-- 'Hi.» timm, «bun .nil. ii.iin 'eitliir l_iiiiii.it.m or llnli.il! «nie evpl. nu «I «n di tail, nml inf..nu i!.i.n tia* ..wn H t., Illili, «lllt'll. «HI.I »lilli' lo gn Iii, (».mi« «I »id.» ni Hi.* htttire »> I» »limui m llie I i-l illili* »linitn mi llie ».re,II. «»hitit wa- ,i tabulated li», «if fine» mid e\|*en»t Iho Mi«»c« A. 1. and 1. «« lt.-nioiil lim* «gun dfinniislraliil tinir pn»»i'.iiiin of «x lipll.illlll lill r li« lind 111 lint le* nhill!« m it j ? li.it ming pul.li« iliiin ulm li ««e hive le . t net! flinn Mr M I. Illili liin.tui. of .'Uli Collin, »invt Mi». I S ItciiMiil In», i. «inthing, cicclied lui |iiviitiii» illnu- II qu nut and origin ii pin ami ml, »l.titlii.. und Mi«« A. I. Itintoiil In« beni niuill» , »mi(»«(ill in nul.lim; (lie illu.trntniii« nilli «linnl» «ei-e< 'I lu» publii illnu. «»bali i« entilleil "Mollie's ¡Mtiimm*." i« ariis'.n from | «inel* In « for the mung, will iippeil Jual li« »ti .'li.ll to nihill». Alndinie Am« Mirri« ni, «bo ni e-ie I li I Au»lrilii»ii!i liireiiell mur iii Ad« hitit» on Tuesela« l-l-!. mil appeal ni llu» Tmi'ii lull, Mellum ni», on l'ndi), Nou*!lil«*r .10. »-lie» will IK« supi nrli-il bv Ml. Arnold Gaum», n | Scottish IU»MI. who mulit a greit »ince»« on hi« brat ii|>|X"tr.itui» in Iximluii, mid li |H**I«HI du* Mini' at Adelaide! und Ali*. C1.» nient Harn», a brilliant piunul. Miuliiiue Miermn i» ming her fourth uuuvrl io i night «i llu- Vtli'li.tlf Timnliill. nil m lill ill han» Is'eii i inn itt.l null i iiiliil-in.l. I MI.« Dintel, 1 »li »tilisalt til Hie Ha M I. m Uilb««' IleiiMlltiil bulli», tlealre. m ««knut« | lill-re Hie n-eel|it M Um (.«.bitalli»; iliinallniis, In te . «liuiM» lo Hie »its-ill a|»|««l Mr. (liailew I«*»«, lu | Mr« 'I lt)tltiuaii. '. . mu! Mr lamil I Haul«, | Ni. lane r.telieU linn Uwn silllnrll nul i o Hw "buen«leulal Me.llia! «InuriMl ' l.»r (Sinlsr llie iltlrtl «iiniial l'btill «ni «inri, its-etlw, .,( Hie t iimlti»«-» ni 11« Hi Hii'llllie alai Mill i|ii||lan li»ar»l oi ttorka mil l»e lu-M on lull« Ni- teuili-t (Kins'« lllr-tl.il*>>. al l'un«« Tl-e . a. l*»»ur!»r liai bee« «-tuiiiunil, «ml will It»»e «Jutiti« ttliail «I 0 u'llmk « »it , nul I'tinaea nu. risum «tuut ,v pin, litkel» m«y bo .»Uulucil upun «ppUialbui al Iii* Until'» ultices. in S|«ui«rr verteil« blunt li -Sltcii- , ... Hie Ou-ti-aiile* Antlllnr»' IIOMII »III bubl ian ei mulila! Ion til ramil,la!«« (ur llrni-a« lu ail .« amil lora 1er ivnipaiili« «Imiil H'e uni nt Hit «ear, pm liilnl » null«Uni nmiibrr tit iiiiillitali. vinie lei «anl l-crxii« ileili.ni. ni I.. In/ .laiuliinj .bunill i nilli lim bt-tnt linnirilhlrl» llu* mein beni et Hie boanl «re Ur «'. H llolmea, I,I \ \ , Mr. Oleinent ti. I**vt«, F.I.A.V.I «isl Mr. It. i (Illts-rt, ol tli< IMbllu Work« o>|i»rUneiil -tr. S, ttlilUlmd, nt Hie MID* ilt-inrlinrsil. Is «-cn». Unr io Ih« hosr.1 ..... A nmSlnar e-t Hie lUll-I-ohler* ot Hie girrten (el* li) Is- h«ld III Hie ir.Hilul. ut I he Deaf «ml Dtiuili linllillleui on Hi* JHII Ninunbir na« ialle.1 |"r i-ealeitl«,v lu Hie Uelbourut» l'use hall 'Hie iiwiur e( Small MtllKiiinic (O-undllir llrlli) |irealil Still holder» «nil helpera reportai e«relb*nt pn> A enneert I« «(tTerdieet la lal. pttee Oil« em», li« In Ad«ro«'»*l»«)l. Ctunl- eruT.il, in «Id ot (hi 9_? _____.'" J'*11 ??" ..', ,x*i "*>. m,mb 'MUtO' iron cndm cifo 