GENERAL NEWS. SUGAR LABOUR COMMISSION. EVIDENCE AT BUNDABERG. WORKING WITH EUROPBANS. BUNDABERG, April 3.—The sittings of the Royal Commission in connection with labour for the sugar industry were com menced in the court-house to-day. The formal proceedings being over, evidence tYAB Cflllfid Thomas' Wilson WaJker, dairyman and cane-cutting contractor, stated that last season he employed twenty-five Europeans in ono gang, all engaged at the rate of 255. and found. Those showing special merit were, in addition, recom pensed at the end of the season. Satisfac tory accommodation arrangements were made by the planters, who had a mess for the men. He carried through his contracts satisfactorily.. Only four of the men who originally engaged with him worked through the season. Some left through a gap occurring between the close of one and the commencement of another contract; others were dismissed through insobriety/, others left through injury caused to their hands by trashing cane. He worked from 17th July to September. None of the men complained of the work being unduly arduous. He did not think this season would extend to Christmas in this dis trict. In the first instance he applied to the Labour Bureau for men, but after wards a sufficient number of men came along to meet all requirements. Working in ten-ton crops, his men averaged 2 tons 3cwt. per diem. He was paid Bd. extra for loading on the trams, as against the drays. There were plenty of men about last year, but all were not suit able for the work. The best cutter of bis gang was aged 60, but he thought the most suitable age was 25 to 35 years. Ho thought a well-organised labour bureau would be of considerable assistance to em ployers and men. He knew of nothing capable of preventing injury to hands by the trash. He considered trashed cane worth a shilling a ton more than untrashed. It actually cost him Is. 3d. to Is. 4d. a ton to trash a ten-acre plot. Unless a great many more men were available this year than were available last year there would be a big shortage of labour. Though there was a surplus of labour last year, it was not a surplus of good labour. If the sea sons were exterrded, better financial re sults would accrue to the men. He thought it would be a good thing if com petent men were given certificates by cm players, as a guide to others to whom they might apply. Only loafers would object to such a system. To Mr. Nielson : I think it wotdd alio he a good thing if employers were dis criminated with along the game lines. Angus Neilson Dahl, fanner, of Woongarra, stated ttbat last year he grew 85 acres of cane, averaging 9 tons, which was harvested by members of his family •aritfl. several outside hands. He paid tie latter from £1 to 255. per week and found. Two of the men worked through the season. He sacked the others on account of their inefficiency. They were not equal In capability to his own sons of 15 and 16 years. He anticipated a heavier crop this year. He did not expect any difficulty in mrvesting. The men to be found about the street corners were not suitable for the work. He had seen Danish, German, and Swiss newchums give verygood results after a few dsys* catting. With the re moval of 9900 or 7990 Kanakaa at the end of the year there would he great difficulty in dealing with the crop. He considered cane-cutting among the easiest work on a. Barm. The men complained of injury to the hands through the trash on the cane, bat he ceaaidered trashing unaeotssary. If there were openings for formers' sons, who were the best cotters, they would become landowners, thus increasing the demand for labour. He considered aa an additional inducement that inunigrants should be given opportunities to secure lands for themselves. A desirable class of labour attntkmed was from Ifestnurk, Stradea, aad Qermstty. The men were not likely to have much money, and their passages /would have to be paid. Wm. James Tutm, canegrower, thought that the establishment of harvesters' homes, say ia rO-aere blocks, would be an excellent move, and serve to keep the men in the district. The men did a little gene ral farming, which their families coatimsed throng the r, nothing, leaving the men available for harvesting. He namtioaed a reserve of 1009 acres at Gooborrum, which was eminently suitable for the estabtssh ment of such houses. Daniel W. Mahoney said he anticipated great difficulty in deahag with the crop after the removal of the *f'»-*%TrT H* thought a large number of ■itliliimal ■sen might be obtained from the Booth, especially from the Richmond and Clweace Rivers. He believed the interests of the growers, and also those of the raea, wouM ac better served if the mfllers at the cut set of the season were to fix the dairy tonnage they wonld take from each farmer. Be would be prepared to enter iato aa agreement to deliver a stated toanage. George Pringle stated: I hare been en gaged in cane farming for a psristl ef twelve years, and hare gained sinss ais of Kanakas, whites, and Hindoos ia eane eutting, and am satisfied that a good data of white labour can do harvesting work satisfactorily. I hare paid white men 39a, a week sad keep. In a twenty-ton srap a good man can cut three tons a day of aa trashed cane. I do not satiemste a shortage of labour this season. The best class is made up of fafasers* sons in this district. I think the idea of giving facili ties for the establish tncnt of hsrvesters' homes is a good oae. About twenty acres tdsoukf he fovea to each settler, oa Vhkh to grow lsoastassal iiiipsai mists, in leaving his labour available for cane cut ting in the season. Tnere are not suffi cient Grown lands available in this dis trict for the purpose, and it would largely solve this difficulty if tibe big estates took up a matter of that kind. I do not know whether the scheme adopted by Bin gera of catting up the estate and leasing it to small growers was a success. 1 think that to build these homes settlers would require to have about £100. I had charge of Dr. Maxwell's experimental plot in Woongarra, and secured good results. The farmers made no effort to profit by the instruction given at that plot, at any rata not to any extent. I consider the con tract rates fixed locally for cutting satis factory, bat the weekly wages should be 30a., with a 2s. 6d. bonus to those remain ing for the season. Frederick Lewis Nott t proprietor of Win dermere plantation, said: I have been growing cane for twenty-eight years, and have 1000 acres under cane. I employ fif teen whites and thirty-five Kanakas. I do not consider that white labour can cut or trash cane at rates which will enable the industry to compete in the open mar ket. I consider a thirty-ton crop should be trashed and cut at 2s. 3d. In such a crop a Kanaka cats four tons, and if a wlhite man did the same he would earn a dairy wage of lis. I think that after the Kanakas have been deported the industry in the North will go down practically ot once. The labour they have there would then be available for us. No employer would nominate immigrants unless he could get them under agreement for a stated time. The fact that the Federal Minister must be convinced, before as senting to such a thing, that there was no suitable labour available for the pur pose required, made the recent amendment in the Act of little service to those in need of labour. Irrigation would benefit the situation considerably in making for regularity of crops, which, in turn, would lead doubtless to a better class of men offering for harvesting. So for as Dr. Max well a connection with the industry is con cerned, no benefit had resulted. He did not teach them anything new. Irrigation was mainly responsible for the benefits on the experimental plot. Manuring is use leas unless irrigation is available. I am going to try to get black labour after the end of tfce year, and, if I fail, then I will try white labour. I am not in favour of subdividing my property for lease nor for sale. U I am unable to get white labour this season, aa I fear will be the case, I will forfeit the bonus and cat with blacC labour. The Itehane introduced into the district some years ago were very good workers. I paid those I employed 18k. a week and found. Horace Edward Broughton Young (of Fairymead) said : I have neen twenty-eight Ears engaged in the sugar industry, and ye now over 4000 acres under cane. Hitherto I have worked entirely with black labour, but now I have one white man to three Kanakas. The former are doing very good work, and have not com plained of prostration through the heat. I have registered this year a total of 2690 acres for bounty. We are employing 100 whites at field work on four estates, but the whole of our cane waa planted by Kanakas, bavins only been registered since January. I calculate It will require 309 field hands to work our four estates in the alack season, aad daring harvesting we will require a total of 500 men. The planters are not wedded to coloured lab our; it is simply a matter of cost. If the industry is protected in such a manner as to allow the present rates to white men, or a little higher, and labour is available, we shall be able to carry on. We pay £1 a week and found to the men. Irri gation has lessened the cost of cultiva tion, bat carried its own additional ex peases' still, ia spite of this, irrigation was S Stable. I anticipate a dtmcvlty in ling with this year's crop. We have only one-third of the number of Kanakas formerly employed. I think the growers should make an organised effort to intro duce labour from Use Sooth. Ido not con sider the vessels now in the trade could take away the lf">>t" remaining after December in tax months, even though the conditions were most favourable. It would undoubtedly be cheaper if these vessels performed the work in eon tesnence of the knowledge the cota ntaaders have of the islands. A great ■nraber of islanders are averse to going stnae. Perhaps they have in a measure been tenanted to remain by the high wages offered. It wonld be unsafe to sand a Solomon Islander married to a Hebrideaa woman at the hus band s island, aa the woman woold almost assuredly be killed. My sit ter, who has given up her fife to mission work among the islanders, has received letters frota Malayta stating that Kanaka duldren bona in Qnet»slanl and return ing with their parents have invariably thed from island sickness within six months, They are more susceptible to this sickness than native-born children. Tfca tnatter of fending so large a number of islanders wiD be serious, in eonseqacnea of the native food strophes being inade tjoat*. I think it would be unwise to land Hebridtnn boys at the Malayta Mia sm attend*. I do not think the em ptayera should be compeßed to keep the sssaaders after the end of the year tilt asset, time as Teasels are available to take them away, hot the employers would wiß iagry mgtgi them till the time of depor tation, it was possible that some islanders who have been with us for twenty years have no desire to return. The improved methods adopted since 1889 have largely reduced the number of men required for work in the canefields. I think the estab lishment of harvesters' homes would be an excellent idea, but we have no land avail able for such purpose on Fairymead. J. Clark, of Ashgrove plantation, said he anticipated great difficulty in dealing with this year's crop. Last year, though he only wanted eighteen men, he panted about 100 through the books. C. W. Boss also, anticipated difficulty with labour this year. L. Lutz, farmer and canecutter, con* sidered that in a fifteen to twenty ton trashed crop a fairly good man could cut four tons daily. He would do better in such a crop at 2s. 3d. per ton than at 2s. 6d. in a 30-ton crop. In the latter case the cane falls and spreads. His fif teen-year-old son averaged three tons daily in a fifteen to twenty ton crop. Average Woongarra land was carrying a crop worth about £15 per acre. The commission adjourned till to-mor row. 