PERSONAL NOTES FROtf ENGLAND fFrom our SpetiAl Cori'O^ondent.5 The Register Office, 80 Fleet street, LONDON, February 9» —Royalty.— King Edward's health has'been the sulk iect of disquieting rumours, which probs ably originated in the fact thgt Dr. Otfc an ^acquaintance of the King, vlio. met lnm long ago at Marienbad, bad been visi> me at Windsor Castle. So keenly is eVetf movement end little circumstance con? neeted with royalty "watched by the pub lic that, the doctor's presence was constrtr ed ominously, and not until a semi-official statement was issued was the impression removed. When King Edward saw Dr. Otl last autumn it was. arranged that when nest the doctor visited Knglnjld he should be received by His Majesty at Windsor, and therefore he was present as an aio quaintance and not' in his: professional capacity.—To-day the King' Tyill" 'go? to Portsmouth, and to-morrow ' willtfiert launch the Dreadnought, tlie' gre^tf battle ship v/bieh is so far in advance!.. if V'al others as practically to render them. obso« lete. The leviathan was laid down .las? October, and is to be ready for sea with in Us month? from that date:. His Majesty naturally yishedto ,imk« the acquaintance-of the politician whoitq name is in' everybody's mouth, Mr. , John Barm, aud for the first time In British pistory a direct representative ot working "men conferred with his Sovereign in the iapacity of a Minister of State. The pedes trian who passed the President of the Local Government Board as he walked through St.. James's Park on his way to Buckingham Palace would hardly have im agined Ills destination, for he was clad at usual in his reefer-jacket suit surmounted by the bowler hat. "Honest John" was not nervous, for as he' strode along he met a little boy trying to get a big hoop going. The Min ister of State forgot all about the King for b moment, and joined the youngster in1 tackling the problem. Between the two they overcame the difficulty, and Mr. Burns had the satisfaction of seeing the youngster scamper off with hoop running well 'before the wind, lving Edward found so much to talk about to his Minister that Mr. Burns was in the presence for nearly m hour. The approacbaliility of King Edward lias again been demonstrated. An old Eoldier, Bged 82, had grieved for a long time over the loss of his medals, stolen from him in the Strand in 1872 during the thanksgiving after His Majesty's' recovery from typhoid fever. All his efforts to get fresh medals had been unsuccessful. Recently a friend t&id;, "Write to the lving, and tell him all. about it." The old fellow did so, and His Majesty has caused the medals to be sent lo him.—The King will shortly receive a curious petition. It is to be forwarded by representatives of many coast towns in England, drawing attention to the remark able manner in which the coastline is bang fcaten away by the sea, and asking that provision should be made by the Crown tor fighting the devouring element. While the waves encroach in some parts, they | recede in others; and as the Crown takes . ill the reclaimed land, the owners of i toastal property think it should render a juid pro quo by affording coast protection. When Queen Alexandra landed in Den mark her native country was enveloped in 1 counterpane of snow. Awaiting her ar rival at Korsor were the Dowagcr-Emp; ess of Russia the Duchess of Cumberland, and Prince Waldemar. The children of the dead King went to Cojietihagen together; and at the railway station, where the u aiting room was hung with crepe, a very affecting meeting took place between ^the bereaved travellers and the present King j nf Denmark, Queen Louise, and other members of the Danish Royal Family. On I arrival at the royal palace the children of King Christian proceeded to the room where the body i; lying, and Queen 'Alexandra knelt in prayer, and remained in this attitude by the bier for some time. A description of the coffin and its sur .roundings in the present position by Reu ter speaks of them as forming "a picture nf impressive simplicity, which it would be difficult to surpass. The entire absence of black is noteworthy. The red walls, the gilded window frames, the multi- coloured flowers, in which the King's favourite pink Magna Gharta rose predominates, succeed in removing the idea of death, and suggest that King Christian's passing is rather the clowning point of a glorious life. This note is also struck in the prayers offered in the churches to-day, in which the King was not eulogized as a monarch, but as a .man and a pattern for every Christian." —The Agents-General.— The Agents-General of the Common wealth States liave had under considera tion an idea for the annual observance in London of an Australian Day; and, al though the project is still in an embryotic stage, it has been the subject of reference fn the London press. Should an annual date be fixed for a representative Austra lian celebration to take the place of the various separate gatherings now observed by some of the different States, and at tended by the representatives of all, a func tion of a more imposing character might be organized, and Australians from every part of the island continent, be brought together in one striking assemblage. The "ate of the anniversary of the foundation pf Sydney, Januai-y 28, has been suggest ed; bbt at that time of the year com paratively few Australians ' are in London. Visitors to Great Britain gene rally tune their stay to take place in the rammer months, and probablv a day be tween May and August would also best luit, those resident here. The idea is good. Ind m these days times of State advertise ment it may be of practical value A ferge attendance is expected at the lecture to be delivered next week by Mr. Jenkins it the Royal Colonial Institute. The meet ing will be preceded by a dinner, and Imong those who have accepted invitations tor both engagements are Lady Clarke, Mrs. and Miss Jenkins, the new' Anglican Bishop of Adelaide and Mrs. Thomas Mr D. C. Beale (President of the Federal Coun cil of the Australian Chambers of Manu factures) and Mrs. Beale. Mr. Jenkins took a special train this af ternoon for Portsmouth, to be present at the launch of the Dreadnought, Several other Agents-General also accepted invita tions.—One of the callers upon the Agent General this week was Mr. Henry Joslin, London Chairman of Hie South Australian Company, who had a long talk with Mr. Jenkins over the prospects of your State.— Among those present at Hie Society of Arts (meeting on Tuesday afternoon, when Mr. Octavius C. Beale read a paper on "Im perial immigration'' before the colonial sec tion of the society, were Mr. Jenkins, Sir Oolin Coclcburn, and Sir T. Foivell Buxton.— In the speeches that followed the reading pf the paper, the gist of which has been telegraphed to you, Viscount Ridley said the recent verdict of the country on the Rscal question would not be accepted as pnoJ^and MV„ Jenkins evoked laughter by Mentioning that he knew two colonists Kho had settled their sons on English rms. He looked for a new stream of im migrants towards Australia to he added to that running to Canada; both colonies had millions of acres available. I, —Naval and Military.— ' Lord Roberts is continuing his campaign to popularize rifle shooting. He is confi dent that the idea has taken hold of the Country. Speaking recently he said that when lie \yent out 18 months ago to study the battlefields of South Africa he ohseiv cd that the Boers always had plenty of cover. Unless our men could shoot, there fore, they always experienced great diffi culty in turning them out. We used to lose men. and,not do much damage to the Boers. It was after that that he endeavour ed to stir up the people of this country lo take up rjfle shooting as a national iiursuit. In the days when all our soldiers were archers it was part of the education bf a boy that lie should be provided by Hie schoolmaster with a bow to fit. him, tmd archery was looked upon as part of a boy's education. He (Lord Roberts) want fcd tbe same conditions to prevail now. Mr. Oishi, the member of the Japanese Parliament who put to the Mikado's Atinis fer of "War the question which resulted in reported answer concerning Great Bri a ill's Army which has aroused a good deal of comment in this country, has offered bo explanation. His interpellation was Caused by a desire to assist Great Britain 542 in effecting a difficult but indispensable re-, form. He iad not the slightest intention of hurting British susceptibilities. - Mr. Oishi thought, a stimulus from outside often helped to facilitate the accomplishment of a difficult task. The Embassy in London .made enquiry into the alleged reply of the Minister of War, and the answer places it in a very different setting. Instead of the bald statement which reached us, declaring practically that it was his intention to bring under Great Britain's notice the con dition of her army, it is now explained that the Minister's utterance was substantially to the following effect:—"I am aware of the article in the Alliance Agreement, as pointed out by Mr. Oishi, stipulating that the naval and military authorities of the two Powers shall, frankly and sincerely, consult one another on the conditions ana means of armed assistance to be rendered. The Government therefore have to act upon this stipulation hereafter; but tliey have not as yet entered into any discussion on the subject." The incident has illus trated the necessity for extreme care in the mode of expression in matters affecting foreign relations; and intelligent men of the East are pretty sure to lay it to heart, and guard against such little slips. —Literary.— The Rev. John Watsou ("Ian Maciaren") told an audience this .week that a sense of humour was a hindrance to practical suc cess in life, and those who lacked the quali ty might congratulate themselves. He who possessed the dangerous gift should hide it behind a sustained and impenetrable solemnity till the evening of life, when it might perhaps be used as a luxury. Mr. Julian Hawthorne, writing in The New York American, alleges:—"There is a saying that whenever a new settlement i6 founded in Australia the first thing done is to mark out the site for the cemetery; the next, to survey and grade the race course. The whole life of this people," he observes, "is passed in the open air; the percentage of drones among them is so small as to be a negligible quantity: and. altogether. Australia might be considered the paradise of athletes." —Medical.— Dr. Maragliauo, of Genoa, lias another consumption "cure," on which he has been experimenting for the past seven years. He has manufactured a tuberculine that renders an organism into which it has been injected capable of resisting afterwards an (injection of the same poison sufficient to kill an uninoculated organism. Those in terested are warned, however, not to build up false hopes. Sir. Rider Haggard lias been talking about the shocking failure of civilization to reduce infant mortality. In this connec tion reference might be made to the tactful action of the Mayor of Huddersfield, who offered a sovereign to every mother in the town who preserved iier baby alive through the first 12 months, and also persuaded a number of ladies to go about as instructors in infant rearing. Those who read my note on the Mayor's offer at the time it was mode will be interested to learn that the death rate of infants in Huddersfield has fallen from 122 to 54 per 1,000. Now the City of London has arranged that every birth with in its boundaries is to be notified to the ' chief lady sanitary inspector, who will call upon the mother, and instruct Iier in the feeding and rearing of children. 