BY THE WAY. Censtifi returns for West Virginia bIioh that out of a total population of 959,000 thers are no old maids. Taking an average of the whole State share are 5'2I males to every 475 fsmoies. The frog is an athlete of no mean order. His muscular power is such that many a gym nast may well envy him. F rogs have fre quently been known to jump fifty times their own length at one leap. A man endowed with such-muscular power could easily clear 300 feet at a jump. v - . Extraordinary qualities are possessed by the Aiver Tinto, in Spain. It hardens ana petrifies the sand of its bed, and if a stone falls into the stream and alights upon another, in a few months they unite and become on# stone. Fish cannot live in its waters. t . The Japanese have no use. for buttons, buckles, -or- hooks -and eyes. Cord serves every purpose of- fastening, and furnishes artistic possibilities seemingly without end. The Japanese have hundredsofknots. Some areas old as "the time when history was recorded by a series of knots, just as it was in China and Peru before writing was invented. There are dozens of 'knots in common and ceremonial usage, and thsst every Japanese child can tie. .. " Ir. various parts oi North America there la . tound a kind of ant that performs all the pro cesses connected with farming. They weed the ground near their nests, "clearingaway all the green stuff, except a grain-bearing grass, 1 nown as "ant r:ce." They sow the seeds of this grass, and g tiier the crop when it is ripe. The chaff is removed, but the grain is stored for winter use. Should the season be wet, and any oft he seeds in the granariesbegin to sprout, the insects take out all the damaged grain and place it in the sun to dry. This is done only during the day and during sunshine, and seeds tha t are so much injured as to be worthless are cast aside. This clever and indostri.-sus creature is called the agricultural or harvesting ant. e . I-Iair, including bristles, wool, and fur, ii a m.-.tlitioation of the epidermis, or scarf skin which envelopes the true skin, and consistv of flattened cells in layers, and the hairs! like the epidermis', maintain a vital connection with the body. An ordinary hair has a shaft which projects beyond the surface, and a bulbous follicle in which it is rooted. ' Ii grows out from the bottom of this follicle, and the cells of the deepest stratum gradually enlarge, as they mount in the soft bulb, where pigment cells are developed. The shaft of a hair ismucli narrower than its bulb, and is produced by the rather abrupt conden sation and elongation into hard fibres of its cells. Tbe outermost layer of cells, which oveihip r.ne another, forms what is called the cortex or bark. The iiLeral meaning of the nouns " spick and " span " is not now recognised, but the words are taken together, adverbially quali lying new, with which they form a compound. The Danish form is " spik-spliriter-nieuw,'.' literally, new. as a spike or chip. Some derive' it from the Italian "spiccata della Epanna," snatched from the hand, that is, something fresh from the workmen's hands. Gan ick says of similes : From our poetic storehouse we produce A couple spik-and- span for present use. " For5YfteisLfS8r,s'_Meloay . Tis a- fashion of the newest edfitfonVspibk - and span, And Batler in his " Hudibras": I keep no antiquated stuff, But spick-and-span I have enough. . ft- . . The earliest peal oi hells in the British Empire was presented to the timber-built vhurcli attached to the Abbey of Croyland— then Crow laud — by- Turketul, who was an ab'.ij- there during the ninth century. The great bell, the first to be hung, was christ ened Guthliic, whilst the six subsequently added were named Pega, Bega, Bettelin Bartholomew, Tatwinj and Turketul. This, however, only makes seven in all, and there 3hou)d be eigiit bells in a complete peal, ac cording to modern ideas. ' The first peal of eight was sent in 14-56 from Home, by Pop6 Gai'ixtus III., to King's College, Cambridge. Ho was the last. Pope to attempt to revive the crusades, and the bells may have been sent to sound a call 'to arms. _ Fifty years later"- there -were several eight bell sets in England, and tbe cost of a peal, or of'tolling thein for the dead, depended upon their size and number. . .- \- The dot over the "i." originated in an accent whicli- was put over tbe letter when doubled or placed next a ."u," a practice traced back to the eleventh century. In the twelfth century the accent occurs in the combination of " i " with other letters, and in tho fourteenth century the accent wai changed to a dot— first instance in MSS, 1327 — which became universal "when print ing' made it inconvenient to retain both forms. Originally " i " "and "j ' were modified forms of the same letter. In the fifteenth. century the- i "- at the beginning of a word was lengthened, and ornamentally turned to the left, while in the middle of a word it was- unaltered. Both forms were dotted, and after the initial, "i" became 1 j j '.' a separate y letter and/ a consonant, il "BtiH retairied its dot. This is limited 'usu ally to the small " j," but abroad it may be seen also over tbe capital letter. M. Charles Musset claims to have estab lished a distinct connection between our health and the position which our beds occupy with regard to the points of the compass. He relies upon the fact that the sap of trees if gradually driven' towards.the east by centri fugal force, so that they develop more on that side! This induces him to argue that when we remain in bed for several hours, with our head3 towards the east, this will tend to drive . the liquids of our body from west to east, and our blood has a tendency to flow towards tbe brain so that we Bleep uneasily, and -find, ourselves less fresh when we awake, than if our feet had pointed east ward. If our bed stands north and south, it Is better to lie with the head northward, ai the centrifugal force acts from north to soutil In ou» hemisphere. This old inscription on a beOstea'2 " ;s gcod : "So that ye harte bfl rite. iY ia»ttrf iot -i»biehwayeye haMdlar'' 7 » # The Queensland Savings Bank has a regulation which, empowers the Agency- General in London to take deposits from intending immigrants before their departure, and when they reach the State they may draw at once on their accounts. No charge is made for transferring the money, and interest begins on the date of deposit. # # Joseph Cook, Deputy-Leader of the Federal Opposition, on a recent date, said that he once had lavishly adver tised a meeting in a farming centre, but only two men attended, still he received every vote in the district but two — no doubt, the two who went to hear him. o o » Br. Sheldon's Magnetic Liniment Cures Rheumatism. It will penetrate to your very bones, soothe and snbdue the pain. Rub it in freely. It will not blister or burn the skin. Rub it in and the pain will stop. It can't help but do you good," For sale by Heathwood Bros., Casino, and j E. N. Larkin, Kyogle. j 