NEWS, NOTES, COMMENTS. It has been decided to continue the ex perimental work at the Cowra Experimental Farm.. Horses suitable for India were recently in demand at the Gerringong yards, prices rang ing from £25 down to 10 guineas. t A quantity of land has been thrown open for settlement in the parish of Balfour, county Westmoreland, Bathurst district. Numbers of applications have been received. The areas applied for vary from 50 acres to 800 acres. In Victoria the want of rain in many coun try districts is seriously felt. Dams and springs are dried up, and farmers have in many instances to cart water. In country towns domestic supplies are exhausted. It is stated that it is two months since any rain has fallen. Some Tartarian oats have been grown very successfully on swampy land by Mr. George . Power, of Rosedale, near Adaminaby. A ?sample, 6ft 2in high, has been brought to Cooma. Mr. Power has about nine acres of this crop, which is of good ear, and should cut well. It is estimated to return three tons to the acre. The Corowa Closer Settlement League pro pose holding a conference on March 15, on closer settlement and immigration. A num ber of public men will be invited to attend, the list including Mr. Seddon (of New Zea land), who will be in Australia at the time, Sir W. J. Lyne, Mr. R. T. Ball, M.L.A., Mr. J. M. Chanter, Dr. Arthur, and Mr. R. Mc Millan. All public bodies throughout the 'Riverina will be invited to send delegates. ;It is intended that the Corowa conference should pave the way for a representative as sembly, to meet in Sydney at Easter, and discuss closer settlement and immigration. The Public Works Department have decided to extend the channels of the Wentworth ir rigation area, in consequence of most of the blocks originally open to selection . being taken up. The council has been notified that in' order that the money, £750, approved for-, expenditure in this direction may be made go as far as possible, the Minister has de cided to let a contract for the work, tenders to be advertised locally. Therefore, there is nothing to prevent block holders and local re sidents tendering. The question of supplying wire.-netting to set-tiers on the irrigation area on time-payment was also under considera tion. Some interesting particulars ? have been given by Mr. E. M. M'Keown, manager of the Wagga Experimental Farm, of the yields of the different .varieties of oats grown on, the farm. . The areas were from half an acre to an acre, seed being milled at half a bushel per acre, all varieties. Manured seed was sown in April. Yields per acre were; — Big Four, 75 bushels, 221b; Ligomo White, 74 bus hels, 51b; Abundance, 66 bushels, 61b; Sil ver Mine, 65 bushels, 221b; Danish Island, 62 bushels, 321b; Goldfinder, 59 bushels, 391b; Great Northern, 59 bushels, 241b; Rustproof, 54 bushels, 301b; Storm King, 47 bushels, 71b; Tartar King, 46 bushels, 341b; Algerian, 44 bushels, 281b; Skinless, 41 bushels, 51b; Colos sal, 39 bushels, 341b. The Cowra Progress Association have de cided to organise a deputation to wait on the Minister for Agriculture with reference to the cessation of experiments of wheat cul tivation at the Cowra Experimental Farm. The co- operation of the Farmers and Set tlers' Association is to be sought. It Is pointed out that the Government had voted £10,000 for the farms now in operation throughout the State, and a small amount over and above the portion allotted tlie i Cowra Farm would enable the experiments to I be continued. The experiments during the past season were attended with good results. The farm was established in 1903, a portion of the town common being surrendered for that purpose. Mr. R. T. McKay of the Public Works De partment, lectured recently at Wee Waa on irrigation and water conservation. During his visit, Mr. McKay accompanied by Mr. Collins M.L.A., was driven to view the best farms in the district, including Mr. Gray's at Glen coe, where irrigation by means of a heavy pumping plant from the Namoi is about to be undertaken. The plant is now on the ground, and Mr. McKay gave the proprietor expert advice as to the best location to produce the best results. Mr. Gray's pit of ensilage, con taining about 200 tons, is an object-lesson to the district of what can be done to obviate the effects of drought. The weir site on the Namoi which formed part of the Government j scheme when the Pian Creek Canal was cut, ! but which was not constructed owing to a scarcity of funds, was also inspected, and it is understood a report will be furnished to the Minister. 