DAIRYING. A visitor rocontly returned from London assures us that tlio batter and dairying products of Australia fill a very small corner indeed of tbo markets of that great city. Although to us tho dairying indus try is ouo of our main mean# of wealth, and although tho total out put appears to be a largo one, it is, h« says, almost lost in the stupen dous quantities which centre in London from all tho corners of the earth. Tho great majority of tho householders of tho United King dom havo never tasted such a pro duct as Australian butter. But this comparison is rather a matter for encouragement than dismay. That an industry which has grown so rapidly and become of such high valuo to u», should not have had any noticeable effect upon the groat ' markets of the world, is a guaran tee that room for expansion and increase is practically unlimited. So long as the quality is maintained thero seems no possibility of the supply over coming up to the de mand. The history oE tho dairying in dustry shows what a markod effocfc its growth has had upon land selection. In tho samo way that tho wheat farmer is taking his plough out among tho sheep runs of the West, so ho in his turn is fol lowed even moro closely by tho dairy farmer. As dairying returns the largest rosult from tbo least number of acres of any of our three great rural industries, a largo Having of land spaco has been effected. For instance, for tho year ending 31st March, 1899 (before the eiToct of dairying wan noticeable upon land tenures), the averago area of the holding's alien ated under the Crown Lands Act was only a little short of 800 acres. For tho year onding the samo data in 1905 tho avorago aroa of the holdings takon up had fallen to 035 acres. This givos to our State lands a population capacity of a fourth tnoro than thoy possessed thirteen years ago. Comparod with tho other industrios there is far less wasto of dairying lands than those uaod for any other pur pose. In the older countrioa of the world, where tho pressure on land spaco is exceptionally great, hold ings, which to ns appear ridicu lously small, combine to build up such enormous outputs as tlioso of tho Danish and British butter factories. Tho saying ' throe acres aud a cow,' though an electioneer ing cry, is yet a testimony of the amount of capital which may bo extracted from tho soil by this liranch of industry. For this reason it is gratifying to know that our presont prosperity, combined with tho natural ovolution of the nses to which our land is beiag put, liaB givon an immense lift to this raluablo industry. In the year 1S95 tho New South Wales output of buttor amounted to 23,000,000lbs*., by tho oud of 1904 the total had more thau doublod itself aud stood at 50,000,0001 bs. Cheoso for the same period pro gressed from 3,000,0001bs to ?l,250,0001bj ; bacou from 5,250,000 lbs to 10,080,0001bs. Ono item alono will show what au iiumenso asset the dairying industry is. The number of cows from which this wealth i3 gained is about 000,000, which at an avorago price of 69 per cow makes tho valuo of tho eattlo alono ovor £5,000,000. In view of tho fact that our State is awako to its need for a greater population, it is satisfactory to know that we havo among the oausus of our prosperity an indus try capable of absorbing a great number of peoplo. Tho influx of immigrants will not only add to our output by their own labors, but will teach a valuable lesson as to the manner in which still greater results may bo won For instance, were an inducement hold ouf to the dairy farmers of Deamark to emi grate to Australia, we should have a numbor of farmers who by necessity have become expert in extracting a living from holdings of ten acres or less. Under their skilful hands a practical demonstra tion would bo given of how all wasto may be avoided. It is not improbable that an influx from the dairying countries of the world will take place. The rapid increase in our output is advertised in the fact to tho buttormaking peoples of the world that even the sparsoly populatod areas of Australia are yielding enough to show the possi bilities oi her becoming a formid able competitor for the trade of the world. It is an advantage to the development of this industry that distance from the market is no terrible drawback — butter, cheese and bacou all lending themselves readily to storage and export. Consequently, our export trade in these commodities is one whioh by its haudiness would appeal to the merchant, and the ships engaged in plying to Australia are beginning to look upon it as ono of the main items towards their profits. The industry, now that it is recovering from the set-back of our bad years, and is again progressing at a phen? omenal rate, carries with it the promise of almost limitless develop ment in the near future. 