MAINLY ABOUT ' PEOPLE UY ' KGERIA ' On February ]3, Mr, J, G. Jenkins, Agent-General for S.A., will mart a paper on 'Products of Australia' before tlio Iloyal Colonial Institute, London. On ipril 10, Mr. Waller II. James, K.C. (A|5ent-Ooiiornl' for ,W.A,), will read a paper oh 'Australian Immigration.' ' Mr. J. E. Scantlcbury, editor of tho 'British Australasian,' and formerly RiininR editor of tho Sydnoy 'Bulletin,' nnd Mr. Lionel Robinson, tlio well- known Stockbroker, ovo passengers Irom London by the ll.M.S. Mongolia, whicb should ar rive at Prcmantlo next Tuesday. Public opinion Mr. J. S, Road, who was a patient lor a fnw dnys In Miss M'Kimmln's hospHal, is now convalescent, and has returned to business. On January 4 a marriage was celebrat ed quietly at Derby between Mr. George Robert Crntty and Mrs. Eva Adelaide Hall. Dr.'Macqucen.,' R.M., rnadn tho first . school priiu distribution In tho Derby Mechanics1 Instituto on January 15, and also congratulated . tho teacher, Mr. Steel), on the conduct of tho school, Mr. N. J. Monro, ? ? tlin Minls tci for Lands, has Riven tho following names of ihoso who will make up tho party for tlin forthcoming tour of tho country between Ilridgctown and Albany, on Thursday next :— Messrs. Layman, Mitchell, Maloy, Rtrvens, Muir, F. Brock-, man, and Danish (latter if possible). Clnromont will shortly havo anothor resident doctor, in the person ol Dr. Oillesplo, who has tnlfen over Dr. Hodge's practice, says the 'Claromont Guardian.' After tho conclusion of tho Ilunbury Water Board mooting nn Tuesday, an ad , Journment was tnado to tlio Mayor's par lor, whero a welcome was extended to Cr. Frrienkel and Mr. Friend Dray, who hnve just returned to nunbury. The for mer had been for some time in th« East, whilo tho latter had been away for tho past nino months on a visit to tho Old Country, Tlio Mayor (Mr. Urashaw) presided, and there were Resent Crs, Cant, Wltton, Frnenkri, Hamsay, 0, E. Sponeer, 0. R, Teedo, and Messrs. Dray, W. R. Clare, Pnislev, Rov. J. Tiller, and fnveral other townsmen. Mr.vW..It. Kincr, of Marble Bar, has offered to start n paper nt JlomWirno, nnd tho progress loaguo has tho ? mat ter in- hand. Tho Colonial, Secretary (Mr. ' Walter Kitifrsmlll) will visit Rnvonsthorpo noxti month; , , , Mr. C, Grant, attorney and manager at Rnvonsthorpe tn the Phillips Rivor Options Co., the' Rod, White nnd Blue G.M. Co., otc,, after a week's: stay,' In Perth, on return from Victoria, left-oh Tuesday for Phillips River, via Al bany. / , »V Mr, Guy Smith, who has been 'for Revnral years well. and favorably known In tho oilico of tho Associated Gold Mines, Ltd., has severed his connecting with tho company, and intends to do business as ' nn acronntant and secre tary under thu' Companies' Aot at Knl goorlio. Aloxandor Mnodanald, F.R.G.S., tho imaginative man who, 'It i'a nllogod, oneo took in. somo Coolgardio first rushers oyer 'a float,' is said to be idontical with ono of a couplb of cyc lists ' who wheelod into Peak Hill nt the tlmu Mr. Darlington Simpson took a hand (says tho 'W.A. Mining Jour nal '')! 'Mao,'1 who told tho story in lurid colors, has published 'In search of Eldorado : A Wanderer's Experi ences,' How Mr. Macdonald and his mate battled in tho , Nor'-Wcst, pros pected by a bioyolo Contrnl Australia, crossed tho snowy passes of tho Klovr dyke, penetratod into the wilds of Now Guinea, dug, for kauri gum 'at1 Whanparel, N.J5., nnd pernled in N.W.' AiiHtrnlla, all proved food for a read able book. Author seems to havo remembered tho humorous sido in his writings and observations. Tho cross ing of Chilcott Pass, hunger, pinched nnd desperate with cold nml fatigue, us well as travels across tho arid nnd sun-scorched plains ot W.A,, fonii ?very hit westing pages in tho narra tivo. All tlin saino, tho 'dispersal' by the polico of blacks not fnr from Peak Hill does not add to tho author's re putation for' voracity. , ? Mr. and Mrs. W. . E, Victor, of Cot^ tesloe, aro passengers for this Stntn by tho R.M.H. Oroyn, which left Ade laide' for Fromuntlo yostordny. Mr. William Wilson, who has maimg ed the Bulong branch of tho AVostorn Australian Bank for tho past, three VHars, has received instructions to pro ceed to Burtvillc. Mr. Wilson's jilacn will be filled by Mr. Nnnkervis. ' The lntcit information from Dr. El lis regarding the honlth of tho Mayor or Coolgardio (Mr. W. G. Aitkcn) is that 'ho Is nil right.' Tt is under stood that Mr. AitUen had a very rough time, but it fortunately was not of, sufficient duration to produce 'till1 ReriouB consequences which woro nt Qrst oxpenffd. At a special riirotinjjof tho council 'held on Wednesday nvnn tni;, Cr. Mncpht'rsoii was appointed Acting- Mayor to fulfil tho duties of tho chair during Mr, Alfken's absence Tn ono of tho New York papers a short time since an advertisement appeared, set ting forth that a young French nobleman wus anxious to make the acquaintance of a rich and beautiful American girl with a. view, to marriage. It added that on a. curtain day hu would at 10 in tho ( morn- Ing take up a position near Grant's tomb, wearing a hunch of violets in his hutton holt. Any lady who was disposed to take pity on his loneliness was requested to meet Mm there, and to wenr a similar nasegay that they might rocogniso each other. At tho appointed hour more than fifty women, of varied ages and conditions put in an appearance, much to the sur prise of the ' custodian of tho monument. Bud the young nobleman did not turn up. As subsequently appoared, there was an excellent reason for this. The advertise ment had beon insortcd by, a photographer, who wished to obtain a novel subject for tho cinematograph. And now the Ameri can music-halls are tumbling over each other to obtain such a 'sure draw' In the w»y of 'turns.1* 