Brief Mention. The Immigration Leaguo of Australia imniiHMoi'K tlii.it it litis Hjicnt iitlciiFt XI 1)0(1 in llin puldii'.itimi of tii tiulcs ill the pupil'- of Grout Britain it ii.l Ii'uluiiil. At Balhiti-st on Saturday night, a young nan, unmet! J. A. Uaniaek, shot hnn.oli through the hend. Ill his pnokut wis found n nolo paying: " Am simply .sick and tirod of this life. Every thing seems to go against mo." A mairicd'womnn mured Amy Dehoekb, lately residing' iu Bourke-stroot, Surry Hills, died at tho Const Hospital on'Suu- day, and, in consequence of statements sho mado beforo herdoalh, a man end awomun have beea takou into custody. . A man named Orr was riding a horso at Woluinla when the anitnalwas struck dead by lightning. The rider 'oscapod with a sovore shock; as a result of which ho lost consciousness three times before vouching a house. A remedy for ovory ill. You state your ailment and we'll provide tho cuies t-'iiuipholl, Chomist, Quo'anboyan. Two thousand porsons were arrested in Warsaw during searehes an Friday night. The prisonor9 wcro brutally beaten with whipB and butt ends of rifles. Rov. Williuin Michael Smith has re ported to the Sydney polico that about noon 011 Sunday someone ontored his bed room in Cross-street, Double Hay, and stolu a silver watch, sevoral nvticlos of jewellery and £1 3s in money. It trnnspiros that tho late Mr. llipnlo, >if tho ltonl Estato Trust of Philadelphia, misappropriated trust funds to the oxtont of £1,000,000 sterling. The employment of a non-unionist, has brought about a serious striko among Welsh minors. Ten thousand havo ooascd to work. Comillo Clifford,, tho original Gibson girl, who appeared, in "The Catch of tho Season," at the YaudovillS Throatro, Lon don, is ougagOd to bo married to the eldest sou and hoir of Lord Abordare, Campbell's Cophalio Wafors euro Hcad- aobo and Neuralgia. - Perfectly harmloss. A box of 12 oures 1/. Campbell, Chomist, Quoauboyanf t A bomb faotory has boon discovered on tho Danish island of Bornholm, in tho Boltio. A quantity of dynamite and 100 bombs ready for shipment were soizod. Twenty-one Hussions were arrested. .,,.i A serious outbreak of what is known db east coast fever has ocourrod amongst 'the cattle in Natal. It is loured that tho ravages of the diseaso will bo moro wide spread. than thoso caused by tho last out break of riudorpost. > Another batch of mutiueors has been dealt with at Svoiiborg, Finland. Ninotoon soldiers and three civilians havo been shot. Hundreds of others wore sentenced to oither terms of impiisonuioilt or to periods of sorvico with a disciplinary buttrJlion. Bottled Health.— that is what folk call Campbell's Indigestion Syrup. A purely liorbal preparation ; bottlos 2/. Cumpholl, Chomist, Queanbeyuu. Why suffer tho tormonts of Hell with tiheumatism or Lumbugo when Dr. Shol- don'e Maguetio Linimont will ease tho pain ut once, and continued applications effect a permanent cure. Price 1/0 ; largo battle 3/. For sale by Hayee aud Russell, Quoan- boyan, and A. W. Daniel, Bungondoro. Owing to a disngroomont . among tho monibors of tbo TruinwayUninu _Meesrs. Holman aud Booby, tboir council, have withdrawn. Further cases will bo hoard later. Tho case of alleged criminal libel against Mr. Charles nnynos was on' Monday post poned till Thursday. It was statod that Mr. Norton was absent in New Zoaland. Scienco bas achieved a triumph in Dr. Sheldon's Now Discovory for Coughs, Colds andConsumptiou. Absolutely guiirnnlooil. For ealo by Tiayos & llussoll, Quonnboyau and A. W. Daniol, Bungondoro. A young woman was on Monday com mitted for trial ou a clmrgo of abandoning bor infant. Prisouor said sbo hud no bad intention, but bad no means of keoping tho infant and could not work. Tho Chinamnn who ran amok nwl killed two boys at Pannant Hills has been douhuod insuue, aud has boon removod to un usy- luin. Ton thousand furthor moinbcrs of tbo Wolsh Fodoration of Minors havo notified that tiioy will striko u month honco as a protest against tho employment of uon- unionists. .Sorious developments nro feared. Colonel Ryrio has boon informed thnt tho Minister or Minos anil Agriculturo has approood of additional aid to prospcot tho Oravida mine, near Oundaroo. Tho imiuhor of ontrios of pavilion ex hibits for tbo coining P. & A. Association's Show necessitates tho committeo providing greater accommodation, nnd an orection will be mado to provido this. ' Everything is moving welt in tho direc tion of a successful P. and A. Show, and a greater number of cntrios havo haw boon mnde than i9 usually the caso at this longth of timo beforo tho show. Mr. 0. li. Staples; organiser of-tho Dem ocratic Union, nddressod a meeting. on tho subject of .Socialism at Captain's Flat on Friday night. This aitornoon uioin- bors of tho' local branch will moot Mr. Staples. To-morrow evening in the Pro testant Hall Mr. Staples will deliver an uddross on Socialism. DON'T DIET. It needs all kinds of food to supply the numorous demands of the body. i'hut's why nature givos us such a generous vaii- oty. But all your nppotito calls for. That's what your appetite is for, to lot you know whutoloments 'of nutrition you really noed. Eat all you wont. Dr. Sheldon's Digestive Tabules will digest it and make a iiow per son of you, Tloywillgivo you atrongth, new lifo, now ambition, and ouable you to enjoy living as you never enjoyed it beforo. For snle by Hayes and Russell, Quoan boyau, and A. W. Daniol, Buugondore. INSIST UPON THE GENUINE!' The ueknowlodeed good qnnli'.iua and suc cess of SANDER & SONS' EUCALPTI EXTRA Or havo Irougbt out many iuiitn- tions, and ono case was just tried in tho Suproine C'ouit of Victoria, beforo hie lienor Chiof Justice, Sir J. Madden, K.O.M.O., fic., who said with rogard to tlio GENUINE SANDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT, that whenovor an article is coimnciidcd to tho publio by reason of its good quality, fic., it is not poimissablo to imituto any of its features, aud who restrained the imitators from furthor docoiving tho public and ordered thoin to pay all costs. Wo publish this to afford tlin public un opportunity of -pro tecting themselves fiotn imposition anil of securing whut is proved beyond «U doubt by skilled witnesses in tbo Sup romo Court of Victoria nnd by many authorities dur ing the lust 30 years to ho a preparation of goiiuino merit, vis., THE GENUINE SANDER & SONS' PURE, VOLATILE, EUCALYPTI EXTRACT: 