ÄiRAtj,JEW&' Br^SraECTIlíG YOUNG GIRLS.? secretary," remarkable president, of pilgè'-'State' Children's Council, in his annual «»pgrt^iône OTvtwo- matters that appear to MiSM-sunderstooa by the general public. The ^&&£a^e*ÎV?m'1 of 'S? sentences of te g)ttM-|?Sia%¿children. The Governor has ,elr.-an-rEsecubvfr<^iJCi-L to extend year -a JtearjAa sentence of pass from the time those 18 years, old until they were 21, X ft'T:--r-?1-"-J«-? euc KUI. detention is thus extended. It is true show necessity for more care in the dingo "atE?"' ^emayiiLsctoefewun-* have shown how little she is able to get herself, and for that reason there be recomn-tendecL but that is all; it is the care lest the/ week without support and supervise . Kits Every -year's young person a name or where I kept train disaster *$[ lengthening. In. most cases, tests matter is not even as, bad as Usually the friends or relationStRre that could be wished, or the girl has a "4, anAs, to preserve to the power to help and advise her, what is sought. " It is a piece of ferocity to-, throw into the face of ... xlBathe taunt, "You must have been !|D6d*'or,,tb.eyjwould not have extended &t;ósraitence -The statement is not true, -^^ontainsTin most cases an entirely in "sting,, Some of the nicest and wake girls, and good girls, too, who the care of the Council (and mere _ issues) have been supervised until years of age They have in every case greater, and in very many cases napper however during the term of extension l^xnistake is the impression that an manifested that the council) is *")j]üie public and the children It assessors -tuxedo things without EÈK^-wledge^frequenily- things yesterday would meet with appro being done -clandestinely can life's It is -recognised by the fSiOTance.'ïthat young persons of ...?"ieottiapteaeh. other, and that an- ctsès a .(»mparativdy early star n-BC,¡ but they find thatwunaatnonsed »'J-^ssedand-rneetinga have taken yia'ufeelihettAuïicil-'to stop such 7Jte»tibecanse letters and. meet ^Jbt^îbeca-ase tjecep3^/mi. ndyneetuigs lead in so many runs. The council. most earnestly tenderness of its wards, and as ?t-possible-j^waUing to^ccuíkideítiie .-fítHé-áljjldretfs- parents and sister distrust aîwayB^ii^e?-Ui^ulti amount of Uie>h3l-dren first." ttltVlS-S *" .w-I-<*1* as- -it JUDY s v Ca - ' merit (Miss A^R-ffïïlfl) at the. State school,, there is, an extremely, ingenious early before ayjumor-tíass" reply ctmirmsed- JWiUan^a ñfltó'fíb&-'Aaéla?de, "It speeches eaïuPonVioue Ranges, the jpaàà-.and n in verdure clad; the railways, and main. roads starve colorless It has arisen order that it shall understood by the infant diatprtvfcbs vertical Beale expresses ^mrjpyhat'ßK, sight. They cities.. aoS, abut no names are apt hildtbn^-oflce they recog; afeíaidp-iartí. nor down to localities A The material tout mâp is. composed as Deiyaiuifcbje clever model Hit or Miss Hills.' 'and A N J T' J,. ^¿. i -s RATIOy/LEAGpEv A VISIT BY. BREEESEEf "" Immigration League of termined to try to make which several represents- railway bejjimte&'to^vsnt, t pnrROse\of-Jeaiiung the bed to agriculturists in the States It is believed are intelligent and. prac induced to visit australia edge. of the "pastoral and tafe*,^wflfbe'ßie best Yung Jir^inigraá^.í.Qi^'the lat^.^tliáf' Commonwealth gravitation wilL be centre Rural Society of Great selection of the visiting -FirtjUo^thoöociety. The pared to make all the necessary, arrangements but they hope that both the Federal and the State Governments and private individuals will come to their aid in this matter Letters have been, sent to all the State Premiers, requesting them to grant free railway passes and other facilities in their own States It is also intended to approach the shipping companies with a new to obtaining at least -a reduction. of fares, is no company will realise it is to its interests to give free passages. White the farmers arrive here, it is believed that no difficulty will be experienced in giving them the fullest opportunities of Inspecting the country districts The scheme, if carried out, it is thought, must be of the greatest value to the cause of Australian immigra- tion, and will probably be the means of inducing hundreds of Bnbsfa farmers with capital. such as those referred to by Pro- fessors Wallace, of Edinburgh University, the other day to decide to try their fortunes in Australia. SUBTERRANEAN TELEGRAPHY. An interesting account of a method of talking over great distances without the use of wires or other specially installed conductors has been forwarded to Mr. J Oxenham, the acting secretary of the Central Postal Administration in Melbourne. The method has been given 1 ted by Father Joseph Morgan of the Slavonic Catholic Church, Wilkesbarre, Pennsylvania, who claims that before long he will be able to send wireless messages underground from America to Europe for the purpose of long-distance communication, ¿ shaft 300 ft deep will be sank in the United States, and a similar shaft in Europe. Each shaft is to be walled with concrete to guard it from dampness, and Wires leading some distance into the earth, from the shafts will be encased in iron or steel tubing. High power will be required to generate the transmitting waves, and the inventor will use a special signal system of his own invention, which he places the Morse signals used by other wireless systems with musical tones, each indicating a letter of the" alphabet in the code -word, or group of words, and thus giving greater rapidity of operation. Tests between places situated a few miles apart have been successful. THE CUSTOMS IRREGULARITIES \- The board appointed to investigate the , charges preferred against the three A Customs officer--, will sit on Friday morning at the Port Adelaide Custom-house. The board consists of Messrs. A. Buchanan, R. W. M. Waddy, and A. Hiscock. The suspended officers in connection with the frauds alleged to have been perpetrated by the Customs agent, Frederick William Forwood, are B. Magraith, W, H. F. Bayly F. R- Frost, and A. Percy; 2 "The police have no clue yet as to the whereabouts of Forwood. w- v I LIBRARY FOR THE BARTON, j -vetoed deal of interest is beans' manner fested in the proposal to establish at Thebart-Mtva/reo municipal library. Mr. Andrew (Carnegie is expected to contribute the hen's share, £2.000, of the amount nccessaryito,establish, a library, and as he stipulates in Connection with the creation of Carnegie libraries, that each institution of the kind must be free, of debt and under municipal,. control negotiations have been proceeding between the committee of the Thebarton. Institute and the town council for the transference of the by Institute to the control of the latter body A conference between the of two bodies was held some days ago, and it was hoped that as a result the council at its meeting last evening would decide on some definite plan of action. After lengthy and heated discussion, however further consideration " of the matter was deferred. It will probably be revived at the next council meeting. \- "r THE KIND OF SETTLER \- -v- l t REQUIRED. -, '" Mr. August Larsen, in a letter to the Immigration League, writes:-"Innearly all publications inviting people to settle in the colonies the following phrase can be seen What we. want is farmers with, a few hundred pounds capitals to take up land.' But they number of such farmers willing to emigrate is very limited and they are afraid of losing their few hundred pounds. Although everybody appeals to these people with a few hundred pounds in the post- kets as if ? quite certain that these men are really the best and most desirable tet Uers?^I--do not think so it will be beat understood what class of people Endersby quoting the following facts On May 5 1905, I -assisted a young Danish farm laborer, Kristian Kjeldsen, to go to Western Australia. He promised to let me know how he was getting on and also to write me in a year's time On July 21 last I received from him the following letter written from Upper Swan, Western Australia -"Mr August Larsen, London According to my promise I am writing to you again after being in Western Australia for one year and I must tell you that I am very pleased with everything here I think of taking up land next year after the harvest The wages here are very good, but still I think more money can be made if I do something for myself Yours gratefully, (signed) "Knrtian Kjeldsen.' Now, in my opinion, Mr Kjeldsen is the best man Australia could get. He can work and he can save money Mr Kjeldsen, with his £40 saved during the first year he was in Australia, will in all probability in a few years' dame be a prosperous farmer I think everybody will agree with me that Mr Kjeldsen, with his £40 saved in the first year, is a most desirable settler, and of more value to the State than the young man who gets a few hundred pounds from his family to go out and take up land in Australia ' THEFTS OF WOOD Several householders, whose residences are in the city block on the east of Hutt street, between Wakefield and Angas streets, have suffered lately from the depredations of thieves in search of firewood In some instances the footmarks of the robbers can be traced The thefts have been going on for some time, and this in spite of the fact that gates are locked at night -the delinquents are evidently good at climbing The long, wet, and cold winter has evidently been too much for the morals of the perpetrators of these petty larcenies "THE LAST DAYS OF POMPEII " , Messrs John Marian & Co's Magic Cave, in Rundle- street, is one of the sights of the team to thousands of young people who have not passed the age when illusions pos less all the charm of novelty Year after year the firm manages to contrive something new, and their last effort in the spectacular line is as resourceful and pleasing as any they have hitherto made It as named "The Last Days of Pompeii," after Lytton's popular nova, and depicts the eruption of Vesuvius as viewed from Naples in the year 79 AD The undertaking is an ambitious one, and it is carried out in a way that cannot fail to give the young folks rapturous pleasure. A glowing column of flame is seen steadily issuing from the crater, and by means of an ingenious elec trial device behind the scenes the flame is kept in continuous motion, so that the spectator can form some conception of what an active volcano would look like in the middle distance the Bay of Naples is depicted, with sailing craft flitting to and fro across the water, beyond the zone of danger The foreground is occupied by a Neapolitan garden, in which a group of patricians have gathered to watch the progress of the eruption. The figures, which are life- size, are made of wax and classically attired They have been specially imported from America for the Magic Cave, and their presence gives to the spectacle a human element which makes it complete In view of the recent eruptions Vesuvius, the present tableau is particularly apropos, and it may be warmly commended to the notice of parents who want to give their children a pleasant half-hour i, ii WAR AGAINST HOTELS Mr W H Judkins, at the Methodist Central Mission, Melbourne, on Monday, after making a speech against drink and gambling; moved That this meeting affirms that the attitude of the honor party in refusing to accept a liberal compromise creates a demand for a different attitude by the social reform party That the time has come to agitate for (1) no compensation either time or money, if the present But he rejected, (2) complete local option, embracing every form of license and clubs, (3) no license to take effect on a majority, even if a bare one, (41,Iicensmg committees, (5) bars to operate 8 a.m. and close at 6 p.m., with the same restrictions as apply to other businesses, (6) bars to be closed on, election days, (7) penalties to lie' against the owner and convictions against the house, three convictions to disqualify the house for a license, (8) imprisonment of licensee, without the option of a fine, after the first breach of the law regarding illegal cales "Betting, sweeps, art unions, raffles, games of chance, and the sale of Tattersall's tickets to "be made illegal. This meeting pledges itself to endeavor to secure the return of candidates who will push these demands in Parliament." The resolution, which was received with prolonged cheering, was unanimously carried. WOOD CARVING. There is at present on view at the office of Mr. E. Laughton, Currie-street, a remarkably fine example of wood-carving in the form of a large cabinet. Nearly a year ago his Excellency the Governor visited Wedge, Island, and was so much impressed with the talent of Miss Maud Colley that on his return to Adelaide he sent a set of wood-carving tools to the young lady. With these she has executed the ornamental work of the cabinet, which is nearly 6 ft. high, and about 4 ft. 6 in. wide. The front and side panels are very elaborate in their designs, foliage, flowers, birds, and fern being represented with splendid fidelity to nature. The South Australian coat of arms is worked in as the central device of one panel. Ropes and chains are also freely and effectively used, and the representation is distinctly clever. Miss Golley has had no tuition in carving. The cabinet will be placed In the Agricultural Show. OCTOBER ART EXAMINATIONS. Entries for the October art examinations in connection with the Technical Art School, North-terrace, closed yesterday. The total number of entries in all subjects is 254. The candidates come from all parts of the State, and from Western Australia. THE NORTH-ROAD CEMETERY. The annual report of the North-road Church of England cemetery, presented at yesterday's sitting of the Synod, showed that the cemetery, " comprising about 120 acres, is vested in the Synod and controlled by the following com- mitteemen: The Dean of Adelaide, Archdeacon Dove, Messrs. W. Pope, J. H. Packard, and: C. H. T. Connor. During the year there were 153 interments, as against 132 last year. The gardener has maintained the graves, paths, roads, and plantations, in good order. On the recommendation of the a committee £99, the balance of income in the Union Bank, was transferred to the cemetery'sustentation fund, which now amounts to £2,108. / - STARVING IN PUBLIC. The New York "Herald" of July 23 prints a remarkable story of , an unidentified woman who sat, on a bench in Madison square in the heart of the shopping district, for two weeks, and literally starved to death in sight of thousands of people. A number of people noticed the woman sitting on the same bench, and practically in the same position, day after day. One of them, a salesman., finally spoke to her. She replied in a faint whisper that she had not left the square for two weeks, save for short, intervals in search of food, and that for three days no morsel of food had passed her lips. The salesman reported the matter to the police, and when an ambulance was ordered to Madison-square several hours later, after much, red-tape, the woman was dead. She was about 45 years old, and had been very handsome. 