BTEM3 0F NEWS/ ? asSto ? Exemption. — 'Alii factories conduct ed kt^ .good faith for charitable pur poses5'' 'have been exempted by 'Ga- zette' notice fnom the operation of the provisions of the Factories Act 1904. PubKc Works Tenders — The tender of P. Mclnntes, at ,£388 14s. 2d., for alterations and additions to tine Leo nora rost Office (has been accepted-, as also that of Judge and Stamp for the Leonora school and quarters. Ttre Magistereal Bench — The Gover n-or-in- Council has been pleased to ap point the following gentlemen to be justices of tibe peace : — -Mr. Louis Dowd Laird-i, of Yanrri, for the No-rtib Coolgar die district; Mt. Alexander Hunter Dickson, of AlBany, and Mr. John Moir, of Cape Richie, for the Planta gen-et district ; 'Mr. Thomas Grace -and Mr. Geosrge Beaumont Snxi&, of Pin gelly, for che York district. Bank Holidays. — Wednesday, 7th and 14th inst., have ibeen declared J bi.mk holidays .respeotively for Cool gardae «and Kalgoorlie. Kalgoorfi'e Lxcensing Bench. — The quarterly sitting of -.the Kalgoorlie Li censing Bench will take place at -half - past 2 o'clock this aftexnoon. Kalgoorlie Local Court.— the Kal goorlie Local Court will sit at x 1 o'clock this morning. ' Only judgment summonses and undefended cases are to ibe heard. Defended cases will 'be adjourned till a day to be fixed. ?Land ' (Reform. — -Members of _ the State L^nd Reform League are notified elsewhere that the first annual meet ing of tihe league is to be held at the Workers3 Hall, Boulder, on Wednes- 1 day flight, at 3 o'clock. At this meet ing tihe constitution will ibe adopted and officers elected. {Hospital RetUTns.-r^The folfowsmg are the Kalgoorlie Government Hospi tal returns for the week ending Satur day, March. 3 : — Number of patknte in hospital per previous week's return, 72-; admitted, 19; diischarged, 14; in 'hospital, 75, of which- nu-mtber 39 are suffering from typhoid fever; dsa-tbs, 2 (Sammd Holmiets, a'ged 67, and Jackson Dou-gan, -aged 39)' Boulder Town Hall Designs.— The designs for the proposed town hall at Boulder were open for public inspec tion in the mechanics3 institute on Saturday. Much interest was evinced in the designs, and a large crowd took advantage of the opportunity of see ing them. They ?will be on view again on next Saturday night, and during the week any one desirous* of seeing them may do 'so on applica tion to the Ji'brarian. ?George 'Matfe'h-ews Aitrested — The young man George 'Matthews, who was found in his ?bedmoom in Hanbury street on February 22 in circumstances pointing to an attempt to commit sui cide, and who was admitted to the Kad goorfie Government Hospital for taieat ment, was yesterday arrested by Detec tive Peairce on a ch-airge of having mis appropriated £4, the property of ibis employers, Bricknioll Btos., for whom 'be was a toraive'Mer. iMoittihews, who has completely recovered from the effects of tibe wourrd in Ms thnoat, was lodged in the Kalgoorlie lockup. [Ready For Issue. — T3ie undermen tioned leases are now tready for is sue, and may 'be obtained on applica tion by the lessees or their orders : — Coolgardie Goldfield. — Coolg-ardie District: G.M. lease 3408, water lease ?5. North Coolgardie Goldfield.— Menzies District: G.M. leases 4944Z, 4965Z, 4966Z, 4976Z. Niagara Dis trict: G-'M. leases 352g, 583^. Ular Ting District: G.'M. lease 67 iu. Yeril la District: G.M. lease 5oor. North East Coolgardie Goldfield. — 'Kanowna District: 89SX, 1037X. ' Mt. Margaret Goldfield.— Mt. Margaret District : G.M. leases 934V 93Dt.' Mt. Mal colm District: G.M. leases 227c, 992c. East Murchison Goldfkld. — East Murohison -Disitrict: G.M. leases 542, 5-48, 550. Black iRiange District; ?G.M. lease irb (683). Broad Arrow Goldfield.— G.M. lease 45 w. Yilgarn -kyldfield.— G.M. leases 554, 562.. Boulder Police Court. — Messrs. Le Mercier and G-lance, J's.P., presided at the Boulder Police Court on Satur day. Piatxick Hogan -was charged by Constable Goode with committing .a nuisance jn Piesse-street, and ihe was nnea ^.,3, in aeiiauit 21 aays. nswas then charged with . 'being found in possession of a skeleton key. He ex plained that it was tihe key of his camp at Coolgardie. - Sergeant Kelso stated that while what the accused said might be true the fact remained that he kept very 'bad company, and the possession of the key therefore looked very suspicious. Mr. Le Mercier said he knew of more than one reputable citizen who used skele ton kevs to open locks, the proper key of which they had lost. The ac cused would therefore be allowed to I go on entering into his own recogni sance of ^is to come up for sentence if called on within six months. The Bankruptcy Act 1892. — The lat est gazetted information relates to the undermentioned estates: — Notice of Dividend. — Thomas Breckentridge and WiiLiam Burnside {trading as 'Burn- side and Co.:!), grocers, Perth, first and final dividend of is. 4d« and a frac tion in the ^1. First Meetings and Public Examination {March 13). — John William Crowley, produce merchant, Wellington-sjfrreet, Nortbam ; Thomas Lockyere O'Brien, letter sorter^ Perth, j Applications for Discharge.- — John Joseph Rankin, Annie Elizabeth (Ran kin, and Agroee Vincent Rankin (trad ing as R. and J. Ramkin and Co.), licensed victuallers and storekeepers, Bodalilln ; Sydney iDurrant, merchant, lately of Fireman-tile, but now of Bra ban conne, Wood Green, London N. Receiving Orders (debtors3 petitions) — Andrew Petalas and Denes Black | (trading as 'Andrews and Black3), fruiterers, Hannan-street, Kalgoor lie; Archibald Clark Stellars, as sayer and metallurgist, Kanowna ; Charles Allan and James Henry, Whitfojrd (trading as 'The Perth 'M-a-nufacturing Comipiany33), manufac turers, Perth, and lately of Kalgoorlae. Adjudications. — Charles Allan and Jame-9 H-enry Wihitford (trading as 'The Perth 'Manufacturing Company'5), manufacturers, Perth, and liateily of Kalgooriie; ArchibaM Claark Setlars, assay-er and metallurgist, Kanowna; John William Crowley, produce mer chant, Wellington- street, Northam ; Thomas McGellin, woodcairter,Roberts s*reet, Kaflgoorlie; Ed-ward Stobbs, storekeeper, !Mjandurah-mad, ? Fre mantle; James Mitcihell Osier,, bake-r, ?Mertondale ; Paul Henarich MetfH, store keeper, Lion -M-ill ; V/altesr Stott?. Beau fojrt-street, Pertlh. For characteristic, original, smd ar tistic photographs always go to Dwyer's Studio, next Palace Hotel, where every description of the best work only is done, from miniature up to life size. Studio two doors from Palace Hotel. 'Phone 372.* Kalgoorlie Express. — The express ;from Perth arrived in Kalgooriie yes terday morning one minute before the scheduled time. 'On Saturday the train was 32 minutes late. Money Order 'Return. — The orem'ift tanioas on account of money orders from Western Australia during the month of February were as follow : — To Sout-h. Australia, ^2500; -V-ictocia, ^5500: New South Wales, ^2500; Queensland, ^900; Tasmania, ^1500; New Zealand, ^400; India, £873; United Kingdom, /^oao; Hong Kong, /800 ; Mauiritius, ^82 ; or a total of ;£i 8,055, Q*5 against ^29,200 for January kusft. As- showing thfe ©srteem in which Bas tian meters are held in their own coumtiry, the Birmingham Corporation have just 'given orders for 400 more oi! tilvese meters to be usied on their own town supply. In Western Australia Basftian meters have found ready sales, and have given every satisfaction, when properly used, for continuous current circuits. Spdatt, Wall, and ' Co., Perth, are the sole agents for this State-* R.-M.S. Orontes. — The. Orient Royal mail liner Oaxmtes passed through Firemianiile on Thursday after an uneventful passage feoni London. On arrival she had on board 298 passengers in all classes, of whom 236 were British, 7 Aus trian, 3 Danish, 1 French, 3 German, 44 Italian, 1 Hungarian, and 3 In dians. At Fremantle no fewer 'than S3 passengers landed, of whom 21 were Italians, mostly agricultural la borers. The steamer took away about 100 passengers, and- is due at Largs Bay to-day. Fire in Chatifes-stT'eJet. — (A fire whiidh occurred in Charles-s*reet about hailf past 5 o'clock yestorday -moirning re sulted in the toibal diestruct-ion of a three-'roo-med house, which was owned amd occupied by James Dempsey. Mr. Demipssey dopacrted from Kalgooi'lie at about iii p.m. on Saturday on a shoot ing expedition and left William Boudoe in charge of the house. The latter states th-ait he went to bed about mdd night, and that when he awoke at day break the ibediroo-m was in flames, which be cannot account for. It is not known' w(hetiher tihe building was insured. Desirable immigrants.— 'Among the, saloon passengers in the Orontes- on Thursday were thnee wealthy English farmers, who are vasiiifeing Australia tfor the puirpose of personally inspecting the lands available for selection, with a view to settling dn the Common wealth. One '©f the gentlemen referred to landed ? at Fremanitle, and initends, if the conditions be suitaible, to take up land in this- State. Another very welcome settlor is- a Yorkshi.reman who sacrificed a coramercial position worth a'bouit ^500 a -year to take up land in u\u£itralia. ' With his son, he arrived at Fromantle in tihe Ororabes, and, acting on tihe advice of a' fellow pas senger, landed wiUh the view to trying bis- luck in this State. .,... ; ..;.?-.' '? South Province.—- A Southern. Cross correspondent writes : — ^''Discussion is rife regarding the South Province 'Legislative Council election, which will take place in iMay.-- At the last election there weire five ,can-iidlates for the- seat, and the polling was as .fol lows :— Oats, 926 votes; McDowall (the selected Labor candidate), 800; Glowerv, 769; Rabbish, 550; Reid, 239\. These figures are significant as ? showing that the pledged Labor can didate, who is a strong man and at the time occupied the position of 'Mayor of Coolgardie, . only secured 800 votes out of the 3284 votes polled. The election was fought during May, 1904,. when the enthusiasm of the Labor party was at its highest and the democratic cause was weakest. ? 'Since then the Labor party (as the recent Legislative Assembly elections showed) has lost large numbers of ?adherents, whilst the democrats have grown correspondingly in strength. ?From aO this it is evident that the Labor party will have hard -work to win if any democratic candidate comes into (the field.5' Unlawfully Using a Horse. _ The case of Robert Floyd, who had' been arrested on a charge of having unlaw fully used .a horse, valued at ^50, the property of Clayton a*id !Rintoul,came before Mr. R. G. Ardagh, J.P., in the Kalgoorlie Police Court on Saturday morning. Sergeant Houlahan asked for the withdrawal of the charge, as the prosecutors were not willing to proceed1 with the case. Mr. Davies. who represented the accused, urged that as no evidence had been produc ed, and as it was a serious charge, the case should be dismissed, other wise his client might leave the court -with the impression prevailing in public that he had had some com plicity in (the matter. The accused was bringing the horse to Kalgoorlie at the time he was arrested, and had a letter in his possession showing that he -had! written to Mr. Farrell in re ference to it. Sergeant Houlahan then asked that the case should be ?further adjourned, so that Mr. Rin toul could make his own statement Mr. Davies: 'There is no evidence, and the case must be dismissed.' The Bench: 'When was the horse missed?' Mr. Davies: 'On Sunday night.' The Bench: 'And when was it found?' Mr. Davies: 'On Mon day morning, 23 miles away.' Ser geant Houlahan : 'That is pretty good going for a strayed horse.3J The bench decided to dismiss the case. 'At the same time the police deserve every credit for tracking .the horse ' concluded Mr. Ardagih. Why 'buy stale imported when you can secure guaranteed fresh Noriham Eggs from Watson's Produce Store?* Reforming Overcharges. — It has for long yeairs been known that chemists' charges . were unlimited. In England quite a revolution has taken place. Following Washington Souls, in Syd ney, we have a bold reconstruction of prices in W.A. by Hindes, Cash Chem ist. Tilie public must benefit by this important reformation.*** 