It Trcro to be wished that the hopeful view which has been taken by a scctw* cf the British proes as to ilr Dealnn s intentions with rcga. and to immigration were.more likely to bo fully justified- Tlie ‘Times,” in commenting upon the primo Minister’s “proposals to subsidise, advertise, and energise immigration to Australia,” expresses the hope “Mint the provisions or his bill will be liberal and effective," adding that population of the right sort would bo the most valu able of all assets for this Common wealth, and that “it is creditable to Australian statesmanship that this truth lias been firmly grasped;” while oilier journals oommund' “tha immigra tion proposals made by Mr Doakin as a healthy sign of prudence and. fore thought.” Australians, however, will bo much loss sanguine as to any early practical outcome of his flights or ora tory. The Primo Minister has very fre quently talked in an eloquent and de lightful fashion as to the “great and pressing problem” presented by the ar rest of growth in the population of the Commonwealth, but Ids rhotorio has, so far, failed to bring us any nearer to the solution of the problem. The Immigra tion Best-notion Act Amendment Bill which ho introduced last session im plied that the original measure which was put forward and carried as a triumph of the White Australia policy, was, after all, a,foolish and inept one. But the amending bill did little to re movo the gravest objections to the former measure. Air Beid went so far as to protect that “of all the shams put forward by the' present Government, this bill is one of the most impudent.” The verbal alterations were, In many instances, little more than manipula tions of words, meant to disguise with out removing those provisions to which exception had befeu taken. Meanwhile the laws with regard to immigration and to the "alien” population in our midst, continue to bo enforced with a stringency and a want of reasonable ness which -.would fender their adminis tration ludiopus if it did not wear a more eqrious aspect-. . A case in point ha? orison locally, and received full ex position in the oolumns of ‘The Star” of Wednesday last, / An old resident of this city. Mr Frank Love, desired - 'to visit his native -land, fthe Portuguese settlement of Goa, in India.. Although he has resided for ncairly AO years in this State,. ho. has., not been enabled :to. be-' eome a-naturalised British subject, And difficulty .nroSo as to' his leav ing,, and returning to, the Cbmmon »«atth, ;The law plating, to. “alieniresi-J dont3”' who lisit another country provides'that tho'applicant for pdritiission to of application stating the length of time • for. which ho wishes to be absent, .and -the place to which he intends to go. TBo must also attach to the application a. certificate of character .furnished by two '.reputable citizens, two full and two profile photographs, and an impression of the band. This inquisitorial “ticket of-leavo .system” may be necessary in some cases—for application to notorious ly or presumably, undesirable "alien residonits,'.’ -. but, adm.nistorcd without discretion, it subjects a reputable applirsuifc far leavo to absent hiiiisalf ''.from the 1 State for a briof period to unwarranted in dignity, arid trouble. . In preference to making the application Mr Loto sought tlio advice of Ins friends, who | recommended that he should apply for papors of naturalisation. To this end Mr \Y. Coltman, J.P., communicated with the Department for External Af fairs, through its administrator, Mr Atleo Hunt, placing before him the ap plication for naturalisation, and the facts of the oase. Tho reply received embodied a provision of the Federal law. setting out that "an aboriginal na tive” of Africa, India, or Asia is not ontitlod to naturalisation. To those who aro acquainted with the applicant in this caso, as well as to liimself, this intimation naturally occasioned great surprise. Mir Love claims to be of pure Portuguese parents, who were thomsolves born in Goa, but whoso paronta wont from Portugal and set tled in itfio little colony in India. The evidence *js. altogether against tho as sumption that Mr F.. Love is an "aboriginal native” of India, in any other sense than tho flight lion. tho Prime Minister of tho Commonwealth is an “aboriginal native” of.Victoria, according to -tho meaning • which the Federal law attaches to the designa tion. Mr Lovo’s friends protested against the application for papers of naturalisation being refused on such palpable false and flimsy promises, but hitherto all (the representations have been in vain, and a final answer came from Mr Atleo Hunt, stating that “tho Governor had not been advised to issno papers of . naturalisation,” on the ground tlrat tho applicant .is an ‘‘alien’’ within tho meaning of the law. Upon him devolves tho-almost impos sible task- of proving that lie is not 60. If his grandparents wore Portuguese, as ho claims to bo ablo to show to the rea sonable satisfaction of'anyom; except tho inexorable administrator of a harsh and arbitrary Federal law, t-hat'should surely be .sufficient evidence that lio is not an ‘aboriginal native” of India. The case, as clearly set out in “The Star,” stands thus:—The applicant cannot state exactly when his pro genitors first settled in the Portuguese colony, as his papers do not go so far back, the Federal authorities obdurate ly refuse to naturalise him, and ho lias to humbly - crave their permission to temporarily; leave tho state in which ho lias lived for 40 years as a thorough ly reputable, law-abiding, tax-contribut ing colonist, against whom no reproach can be urged, and no objection raised, oxcept by reason of tblio very elastic pro virions of tiie lawl with regard to tho “color” question. Tho caso is clearly one which demands furtheivcnquiry, and the attention of tho Prime Minister himself. Tho Alien' Immigration Re striction Act has done more than any thing else to discredit Australia abroad, to render its name almost a byword in the motherlands, and to warn off people who may desire to immigrate, and if the administration of it and of tho na turalisation law is to continue to be administered in the unreasonable, lmrsh, and palpably unjust spirit which has been displayed in the case under notice, both as affecting people, already in the country, and keeping others out, the Prime Minister’s promises of efforts to “advertise, energise, and subsidise” emigration null be of little avail, and will oome to bo-laughed at abroad, as merely the airy platitudes of fruitless oratory. Tho forecast of tho weather is as fol lows: —Cool change, with southerly winds, probably accompaied by partial rains and thundo:stoi'm; sea at first light, rising after change. The following are the School of Minor, Ballarat, records ysster day:—Barometer, falling, 23.634 inches; barometer, reduced to sea level and 32 de grees Fahr., 30.128 inches; maximum day temperature, (shade), 95.0 degrees; mini mum previous night (shnde), 53.0 degrees; railfall during previous 24 hours, nil. The Orient Company’s R.M.S. Ophir. with English files and letters to sth Janu ary. is due to arrive at Adelaide today. Her mails for tho Historn States will bo cent on by express train, and the Ballarat portion should he ready for delivery to morrow morning. As there apears to bo some doubt as to tho time at which the Milk and Dairy Suporrision Aot will come into operation in different portions of Victoria, the Di rector of Agriculture has made the posi tion clear. He states that the only dote specified by tho Act refers to the metropo litan, Geelong, Bendigo, and Ballarat “milk arjas. In thorn parts the Act comes into force on the Ist July next. In the cases of all other municipalities the Act is to become-operative on ; such day as the. Governorrin-Council shall fix, either with or without the request of the muni cipal councils concerned. It is the in tenion of the Department of Agriculture' to proclaim no districts outride the milk areas defined by the Act until tho admin istration of the. Act in thoso districts has been brought to n satisfactory slate of efficiency. It will, therefore, bo 6cen that country municipalities, which up to the present, have been carrying out the provisions of the Health Act in connec tion with dairies, may continue to do so until their district is proclaimed by the Governor-in-Council. The milk areas defined bv the. Act include not only the municipal districts named in the schedule thereto, but ...all dairy farms wherever situated, from which milk is supplied to those districts. The trustees of the late Robert Chirn side have at length deoided -to open up e portion of their estates for closer settle ment, and have placed in Lieutenant Colonel Greenfield’s hands for leering 1600 acres of splendid -wheat land on tho main Skiuton to Streatham road. Any 1 person wishing to enquire terms, etc., can. obtain them by applying at the office of Messrs A. M. Greenfield and Go. This pari of the country is a connecting link between the Nerrin Nerrin run and other country lately opened up further out. A portion of the Herrin Nerrin Property will come into the market for sale in March,, when Lieutenant-Colonel Greenfield will offer the land in blocks to suit purchaser t,- Lieutenant-Colonel. Greenfield, who has recently returned from a tnp to Beesc, is more than ever convinced of the benefit that wonld accrue to .this district and to tho State generally by the building of the proposed line from Newtown to Beene. Wh’arever fresh land hes been pet under cultivation hr this part of the country good- results have, been obtained. Of land opened up recently at Commernlgliip, south of Ttbke’vebd, M-aem M’Kenxie. Coutts. Roes,.'-Jacka, ,and Lemmon have had altogether-a .total ed 2600 acres under wheal. Mils sen son. ;■ This aref averaged right through . 5 to 5} bags per acre, show- rwUlv good sample of wheat In n dition to this . acres, another 800 acres has bean- fallowed, and will be under crop next yssr. All this land is-.on-the ronte of the proposed Newtown to Beeao line.' - The;colonel estimates that between Commcralghip .'and Cressy. there is fully 90,000 atnes’-’of -good ’wheat growing -and dairying country, which will Amply repay Opening up, cnltiyetingj ‘and stocking: The continuation of theJine right through to Botch Forest'wouldmean* big lift to the timber tra .e, t 6 the fo:eat woald'thea be brought within eariy of the Ber* ringa , mines. Colonel Greenfield during* hie trip had a talk with Hr Elder, of The Meadows, immediately south of Cominer&l; ghip. Mr Eider has determined to put in. the market for* Bale, oii liberal terms, ?£ a “Pirate price. 52j0 acres, between tho Woady Yailoak. and I This is god wheat l.:ud. and on xhe sur veyed route of the railway line, i . i-he heat yesterday was very oppreasnc, | but naviz theless liie ihdl'monietei* legis* \ to zed. uo higher in tho bhudo tluui- J 5 de grees. - lnionnatioa from the observatory ! lUbt evening showed tlurl a cool clmugo was impending, but tmit there would be no rum. It is expected, however, that about the middle of iho .pioboul luunui weather will boroato decidedly uu settled, and that show©, s will he rieqa*mt. The \oty Key. - is. Linden Parsyn, Lean of xaiJaiSiC, a v iguiuua oormou at tlie L4ic>itod:ul Guurou kir-t rug in, on tne subject of ’‘l.eligiou and liitua>. ‘ In the course of hia ieiiia.i*i»s tuo L-ixm lcnuuseu bow voiy common rt was to lmd excellent Unnsviau people divided from oacu other by tn« moat wav-mo inUenieas oi ieoang. It was about some iniie vvmcii invoivou no aixoiute pnuviptc esboufuii u> uie U/linsiiuu iuich. Oa© nuui bowed hi 9 houd at the numo ia, , anu Uie other only bowed nis heart, and I Una >v, **which woulu all moft away wm.n tne an o ei of death touched both tiiooe Lielzcvwb ui the Syon of Uo*i, aiui then &ouh; went up to Hun together. '.'. hen the UocLriuo oi tho virgin birth was attacked, and cou | sequeuuy line special divinity oi our Lord, when tao wiiue.*s ox tin? Holy' Scriptuica j on po.nts necessary to salvation was im pugnen, and the iosunecciou ef their Lard was treated as a myth, then it was time to close their ranks and to resist to the Just. He had no oymptuhy whatever with intoloianco, whether siiown by J man Catholic or O.augoiueu, ultra ritual or exueiue evangelical. To his mind one of the greatest charms of the Ballarat diocese fay in the iiict that it had neve* been disturbed by party of-nte. He re membered well in a ineaio.abie address to the assembly, their late bishop, Dr Thorn ton, congratulated me diocese on this fact, and God forbid that ever they should spoil thoir iecoLd. They wee e privileged to iiave at their head u pzeiate who was singularly broadminded, but whilst »o tolerant and so catholic, Uo would zzevn* permit tiny practices or doctrines which worn .cont.ary to the rules zuid discipline of their, church. ’Tuu sermon, which was listened to with the utmost attention by a crowded congregation, is fully reported elsewhere in ’*Tho Sar." The following amounts have been re ceived by the Mayor of the City towards the bush fires sub tiers' relief fund; — Previously acknowledged, £ll6 19s; Bishop of Ballarat, £1 Is; Chns Salier, £2; Robt. Humphrevs, 10s; John Hollway and Sons, £5 ss; W. T. Humphreys, £1; George Richards, £5. A sensational incident occurrod at the clcse of the matinee performance at Messrs Bostock and Wombwell’s circus on Saturday afternoon, Mons Marco, the lion tamerr. hud just concluded his por-, tion of the show, and was stepping from the cage,- when two lions attacked each . other and fought desperately, each to gain the mastery. The tent wes crowded at the time, and the audience concluded a number of women and children, all of whom became decidedly excited. There was a general stampede towards the door, and so fiercely did the two animals fight | that many present.feared that they would! smash the side of the cage in which they wore imprisoned, and make their escape. TSieehildren screamed, and several of the women fainted with fright. After a lot of trouble live lions were separated by fchs attendant) and put into different cages, but not before one of them had been badly cut about. One of them then started to fight with a tiger, but this was stopped before any great damage was done. Had either of the lions been killed the circus management would have sustained a heavy loss, for each lion be- i | longin'? to the menagerie is valued at j i £6OO. The two three-weeks-old cubs, i which are included* amongst the collec- ] tion of animals, are valued at £-10 each, j On Saturday evening Detective Arm- j strong arrested a man named Ernest Zim mer on a charge of alleged larceny of a j i watch, valued at £1 life, the property of j Thomas Simmons. The watch is alleged to have boon stolen on the 16th October j last Zimmer was locked up at Balia- j rat East, and was subsequently admitted! to boil. | At the City Oval yesterday aftern-'m a sacred concert, the proceeds of which | wore in aid of the Mayor of the City’s j bush fire relief fund, was held. Mainly | on account of the extreme heat there was ; only a moderate, attendance, h-it not withstanding tliis fact the total collec tion taken at the gates amounted to *l3 Slj 3d, which, taking everything into consideration, must bo rognrded at satis factory. There is no doubt, however, that if a similar entertainment was held on some future occasion when iho heat wave has passed, a much larger sum would be gathered in. The progr&mwe; submitted yesterday was of a high-class order, and the various items were greatly appreciated. Messrs Guugi and Dolwi, the celebrated Danish* instrumentalirts, who have been appearing during the week with Bostock and Wombwell’s circus, gave a most enjoyable performance (n a number of instruments, while the other items proved likewise cutortaining. Tii-» programme was as follows:—March. The Tike; hymn, Lead Kindly Light. City of Ballarat Band; sacred song. The First Palm Sunday, Mr A. E. Cutter; «.\rr»d song, The Green Hill Far Away, Miss Alary Ward; grand selection, Tschaikow sky. City of Ballarat Band; snered -song. Ora Pro Nobis. Mr F. Spielvogo!; Messrs Guugi and Dolwi, the celebrated Danish instrumentalists; sacred solo, O Dry those Tears, Miss Frances Nichol!; hymn. Zephyr, City of BaUarat Band. The ac companist was Air B. Humphries. Liout- Colonel Williams mid Mr J. Gent. City and Town Clerks respectively, carried out the duties of treasurer, while Mr It. Brooks made an efficient secretary. The annual effort foe* the trust fund was made at tho Peel street Methodist Church yesterday. In the morning Mr Nettie preached to a fair congregation. In the afternoon there was a very large attend ance, when a first-class musical pro gramme was submitted. The vocalists were—Mi's Jolly, Misses Powell, Morcom, and Webb, and Mr Lugg. A short address was given by tho Rev. D. J. Flockarfc. In the ovening there was a fair congregation. The pulpit was occupied by the ltev. D. , J. Flockart. At each bervioe special an* I fchemd wore rendered by tho church choir, j The accompaniments were played by Airs | Cook. A young man named James M'Manus was arrested by Sonior-Constablo Jircen on Saturday night, on a charge of unlaw fully assaulting David Waterhouse, res* taurant-kooper, and, secondly, for- having made use of obscene language. The ac cused wag lodged in. the Ballarat East watchhouse, and he will apoar at the Town Court to-day. The following casualties wore treated at the Hospital duriug Saturday and yester day.—Arthur Richards, aged 21, of 23 Pool street, cut hand, caused by a piece of quartz falling on him at the Britannia United mine; Thos. Cleary* ugod 10, of Elaine, broken arm, caused by a fall; John Cates, aged 29, of Ripon street, foreign body in eye; Georrge Johnston, aged 19, Crompton street, foreign body in eye; Charles Lyons, aged 19, of Princess street, abrasions to the head and arms, caused by being knocked down by a hoise in Grenville 6treet; Annie Kittolty. aged 27, of Mair street, cut arm; Michael . Trait, aged 10, of Howard streot, fr.ictur |cd ann, oaused by a fall; Arthur Booth, I aged 7 t of Clarendon street, fractured | arm; caused by a'fall off a pony. The I iastuamed patient was admitted, j At St. Andrew's Kirk last evening tho Rev. D. G. AFCrea delivered a highly in structive sermon on the Social Question. | There was a lore© congregation, and the remarks of tho preacher were listened to with great interest. In referring to tho absolute oquolity of man Mr M'Crea asked it any sane man could entortain ■u for such a state of things to exist it was not desirable as, in his opinion, life was infinitely moro interesting and better in very way because of the inequality among men. Men often talked and complained now of tho "tedium vitae," the monotony of life, and the wearisomeness that spring from it. ; .To show) the unreason ableness of this theory, the preacher stated, - that life would be far more wranaome, monotonous, end intolerable if all men were to wear the same clothes andflived-in .barracks, and had a num ber (as someone puts it) instead of a namo. The Rev. M'Crea also referred at length to several other interesting points in connection .with the social question, a. full report of -which, will appear in to inorrowVissue of / r The Star/* . A meeting of managers of the City Com mon was held at- the City Hall on Satur day. :’-The annual balance- sheet, which was*sdog*ed. eliowing that the balance at credit was £lOO Bs, as compared with £5O iw P n" !a S® yau >.„ The ran B° r reported tnßt the dams still contained plenty of yflter, put that some of the young trees were • dying. Instructions were given to tty and resuscitate them by watering Accounts amounting to JC2O 5a were passed for payment. i Mr Jenkins, the secretary of the Cloeei Settlement .Board, haa returned from ! ilainiitoa, where ho explained at a public mooting tne conditions governing tho sub division of the Stratlikellar Bs.ate to a very largo and ino.ested audionco. Some doubt seems to have been felt as to u bother tho district would glow cereal and root crops, and during his visit itr Jon tins vifl.tcd a local fanner, and brought from bis fn.rm excellent samples of onion 6, lucerne, and j/Otntoos; aL-o spe-oimens of a now American fodder plane like barley, called sponiz, w» it.-h grow* to n height of. 5 or 6 feet, and one of a now fodder plant like lessenio, which is suggestive in appearance of tho maize family Messrs Achoson, Cooke and. Hurdsfield, •T’g.P., presided at the City Court on Sat urday. After an inebriate had boon ad monished and discharged, tho court ad journed. The final periormanoe at Messrs Bos tock and Mo-.bwells circus was given on Saturday night, when there was a very large audicn c. The programme submit ted was a most enjoyable one, the Jajjanese t oupo being greatly admired in tlieir won derful triclis. This morning the circus will go on to Ami rat and from theie to Hamilton, Wnrrnnmbool, and Geelong, after which New Zealand will be visited. On Saturday afternoon tho Ballarat Fire Brigade received a call to Peel street north, opposite the Eastern Oval, where it was found that a kitchen was in flame* Tho lire was extinguished by the briga diers before any great damage was done. In connection with the sacicd" concert held at Hie City Oval yoteHay afternoon in aid of tho sufferers in the recent dis astrous bush- flies, which devastated sever al portions of tho district, .£l2 13s 3d was taken at the gates. It will be seen by the following list of collections, that what is termed ‘'the modest tbreepennybit" was well to the fore. The amounts placedin the pint*? we-e made ui> of the following coins:—Florins, 10.4; shillings, ,£3 Is; six pences, *£3 19s; copi>ers, Is 3d; and three penny- pieces, ,£5 Bs. Saturday was a very slack day at the Town Police Court. The only offender brought before Mr J. R. Elswofth, J.P.. was an inebriate, who was discharged at the rising of the court. % Two artistically done water-color paint j ings of the School of Mines' have been | executed by Mr J. A. Taylor. The pic tmes will be ‘framed and hung in the I Council Boom. 