OUR NORTRERN NJM(iHBOURS -4---- SINGAPORE. III. (By Mr. Staniforth Smith.) \- Professor Seeley once said that Great Britain seeined to have stumbled on Empire in a fit of absence of mind. If that be so she was extremely fortu snate in not only securing all the va cant temperate lands of. the. globe-e? that the future expansion of the white races must be largely through British portals-but also in appropriating throughout the world strategic bases cs admirably situated that - she can lock many of the water thoroughfares of trade and commerce whenever ne cotity arises. Along the 10,000 miles of waterway that divides Europe from the Far East, the great trade route in fringes everywhere on British territory, nral wherever that world's highway converges "into a millstream of coi? neroe--as at Gibraltar, Aden, or Singa Pcre-frowning batteries command the Say ready to sweep. those narrow straits with a hail of shot and shell. A Commercial Emporium. . But Singapore, besides being a strate gic base, is an emporium of trade anid commerce, an Oriental Venice, the gateway of the Far East. Past her endless wharves and warehouses come and go the richly-laden argosies of the Orient; from this "all-nations" ware house great steamship lines radiate in all directions. and all roads lead to Singapore. The city stands eighth on the list of the world's greatest ports. About 200,000 tons of coal are constant ly stored on her wharves, and the an nual value of her trade is. approximate ly, £.80,000,000. Viewing this proud and opulent city one's thoughts natur ally revert to the history of similar -entres in the past, and one is led to reflect on the instability of maritime cities, especially of those that rely sole ly- on commerce and shipping. Let the restless ingenuity of man open up a more serviceablo thoroughfare, and ihey fall into decay like a caravansary on "an abandoned track. Vasco da Gams, for example,' doubled the Cape and opened up a new highway of trade to the East. He diverted the wealth -f Asia from its old markets on the shore. of the Adriatic, ruining many on Italian city and bringing unexpect ed wealth to the nations of Western Europe. The Cape route was practi cally abandoned and the wealth of asia again diverted by the piercing of the isthmus at Suez. Will the course of that. trade be again altered? May not . two other continents be- severed by a canal which, if it does not absorb, \- -ll at least divide that golden stream of commerce? A canal across the S-Malay Peninsula, too-about the 10th parallel of latitude-is a remote pos aibility of the future. No individual c.ity will feel this competition of routes Sa much as Singapore. But the Panama Canal will not exist for 10 or 12 years to come, and before that date a rail -ay will run from Singapore hundreds .- miles up the Malay Peninsula. The iadustries of British Malaya and Su matra will have so expanded as more than to compensate for any reduction in'the less valuable through traffic. This acnal. when opened, will not only briing -the Estern States of Australia many wiles nearer our chief markets in West rn Europe, but will break "p the monopoly at present enjoyed by the Saes Canal and.reduce the exorbitant Charges imposed on every vessel using that routs--cwarges which are ulti \--ately paid, not by the shipping com sanies, but by the Australian pro. duper. The Harbour Scheme. The business of Singapore at present s. shipping pure and simple, and, in spite of her commanding position, the price of continued pre-eminence is'eter •nal vigilance. For the last 10. years her ever-expanding shipping business ,has not been met by any appreciable -extension in wharfage accommodation or shipping facilities. The whole port consists of the Roads, the. Singapore Bivsdr, andathe wharvesi of"which last the Tanjong Pagar are the most im vortant. The river, flanked by ware houses or "'godowns," is so packed -with tongkanas and other lighters, laden with merchandise from the ships lying in the roads, that the whole river ocmns to be . covered. with one huge pontoon bridge. causing a chronic con gestion that has lasted for 10. years. ;ho prirvately-owned wharves have not been kept abreast of the times, the own as being more bent ou securing qnor mous dividends than in advancing the interests of the port. Shipping trusts, the imposition of high freights, the maintenance of restrictions and dis abilities, and the transfer of British lines to a foreign flag have tended to prevent that rapid expansion which the increasing trade of the East war -anted. This rigidity has created a -tendency for small ports to expand and their home markets, while Dutch and British rivals.,were devoting increased attention to the establishment of coal ing stations and shipping facilities. Such a pass had things reached that the Governor declared at a Council meeting last February that "there was no port in the world at the present time so backward as Singapore with re gPrd to shipping facilities." For the •ast decade everyone has admitted that 'something must be done," but when \- ever any definite proppsal has been made it has invariably been met by a bowl from some quarter In which vested interests might be injured. Public apinion, outside of those immediately interested, is strangely apathetic. Pos sibly the people recognise that any ex tensive harbour improvements would mean extra taxation. In fact, public sentiment-if one can gauge the opin ion of the many races comprising Singa pore from the articles appearing in the Press-seems to be, on the whole, against any change. Under these con ditions the Government have decided to step in and save' the Singaporeans from themselves. There is no doubt that in the polyglot community inha biting the Straits Settlements it is well to have a power supreme in its juris diction, outside and above class inter ests, unbiassed by party factions, and aninfluenced by personal motives. Such a power. in the best interests of Singa pore and the Empire, should have these works carried out at the expense of the inhabitants. At first the Government endeavoured quietly to purchase a con trolling interest, in the Tanjong Pagar Company, and some of the surplus re venue of the Federateod Malay States w-as invest'ed in Inying up all the shares on the maarket. The scrip was, however, Lo firmly held. 'The Govern Znent then aiuncneed their decision to purclase nomipulsorily the whole of the wharves, foreshore, and buildings of thoe Company. at a price to be decided by arbitration. This announcement caused the shares to double in value, indicating a general belief that 'the arbitrators would announco a liberal award. The Colonial Secre tary thern laid proposals before the Legislative Council, embodying a general and comprehensive scheme of harbour improvement. involving an ex penditure approximating £3,250,000, roughly apportioned as follows:-Im provements at and near the Singapore Liver, £500,000: developments at Tan gong Pamar. .1.500.000; and harbour works. £1,250,000. The inofficial mem bers of the Legislative Council, includ ing the Chinese legislators, all opposed the scheme in some aspect, hut the Government will insist on their pro ponsls being substantially carried out. Tho money required will probably be raised by loan, and the interest on the same will be a charge on the revenues of the colony. It is believed, however. that, tle income from shipping and harbour dues will ultimately pay inter est and sinking fund on these borrow ings. When these works are completed Singapore should have one of the finest harbours in the world, capable of comfortably accommodating an even larger traffic than at present. There will be every facility for coaling, dock ing;- and repairing ships. Tl the opi. aioi of agi ,i,the Goetranm at r.jnt taken this important action for purely commercial ,reasolns; Biind' this, it is said, there is the larger question of policy and defence. It has been per sistently stated-and\semi-offcially do nied-that the Government. intend to make Singapore their chief naval base in the East. and require some-of the frontages they have purchased for that purpose. This is a matter,of great ia portance to Australia as' from Singa pore, a pquacrolp: could reach the north or west coast of-the Commonwealth in from four to five days. Inequalities of Shipping Conditions. The more stringent conditions in posed on British merchant ships, as compared with 'those of .other: nations, often interpoe as a handicap in the world's' competition for freights and fares., The Russian authorities let contracts' for the conveyance of 'a"largo number of soldiers from Vladivostock to Odessa, and crowds of Russians were continually passing througn? Singapore when I was. there. Under 'the Passenger..Act .tb 'inumber of: passengers a. British ship can carry is strictly limited, while German vessels are unfettered or subjei f to much less. stringent conditions. The result was that vessels flying the Union Jack had to coal at?' French or Dutch poits ein route; as if these vessels, crowded with soldiers, had called at Singapore,: they. would have been stopped by the autho rities, whereas German- vessels camine and went' without et' or hindrance. American Boycott. The Oriental .is 'proverbially. an indf vidual whose 'character and temaera= ment. baffles the' Eiropean. T'hhqir manners anid customs, their, prejudices and idiosyncrasies - in other words, their unwritten' 'laws-are far more binding; and effective than any stat utes. The boycott of American goods is not restricted to China, but seems? to have spread ,b y :some mysterious agency wherever the Chinese race has penetrated. -'I was informed"' by"'s Chinese merchant that they had noe quarrel with 'Australia, because the .Cominonwealth Imniiigmtion. Act. treated' all Orientals alike, whereas the Americans marked out the.-Chinese as the only,.' 'undesirable immigrant? amongst all the races of the world;.aind' thus cast a reproach on: their nation that was strongly resented., The Fede, ral .Parliament ,might bear.this:in'mind' when proposals are' made for differei-' tial treatment on behalf of the Japa nese people Some time ago an Ame rican ship came into Singapore in a. damaged condition, and was docked for' repairs. The workmen-all Chinese point-blank refused to touch the ..ves sel. The. American Consul complained to the Governor ''of the ' treatment United States- citizens." were receiving in a British port, and it was not until' Sir John Anderson sent word that,un - less the men started work iminediately, they would be all once shipled back to' China, that repairs were commenced. Another instance' of this national 'boy cott came mider my notice When I was at K.aula 'Kuba, a toan' away" in: the interior of the Federated Malay States.' Some oases of American goods..were sent up by an English merchant, and the station was crowded' by' Chinese coolies, all eager for work, but-not one of them would handle a case until the authorities brought pressure 'to 'bear on' them. "'However, it is an ill-wind: that blows no one any good, and, owing to the boycott of American flour, the Australian article has for the first time captured the markets of::the Straits Settlements and the Federated Malay States. Other lines could also .be suc cessfully "introduced, "if Australian merchinits and "the 'comeirci?ll"agents appointed by the States were quick "to' seize the opportunity. Cold Storage, The Singapore Cold Storage Com pany was established about twelve' months. ago, ..for the purpose of- intro ducing Australian meat into the Pe ninsula, and there are prospects of a good trade being opened up. Three-fifths of the shares are owned by the Queensland Meat Export Com pany, "and the balance are' held' in' Singapore. The supplies come up 'eviery' two months in 'the: s.s. -Guthre,' the' only steamer, I 'believe,. from Australia which is fitted w,?a cold-storage appli ances. Fine stores have been erected near the wharf with a present capacity of 400 tons. Theso can.. be increased to- 600 without furtner.,building. and with a second storey the capacity could' beenargeo to 1,200 tons. In the first year 850 tons were sold for something like £50,000. The selling prices are: Beef 5d. to .6d. a' lb., mutton 7d. lamb Sd., butter Is. 3d., and rabbits 10d. each. Contracts have been enter ed into' with several of the steamship companies, and the principal business: at present is done with these. The company has also opned up a business in the Federated Malay States, and at Kaula, Limpur, Ipoh, and' Taiping Australian meat can be obtained at the followin, retail prices:-Beef 10d., mutton ls. Id., lamb 1s 3d., and rab bits ls. 9d. each. There should be an imunmense market for Australian butter and frozen meat in these parts, as the local meat is very inferior to Aus tralian, and the native, cattle are very poor millers. But the people are some sha, ann~anwn~to ad.IL plies are controlled by very wealthy individuals or corporations. Vested interests and established customs are very difficult to fight. In order to popularise Australian meat and butter, the company would, I think, be well advised in opening up retail stores in the big centres of pobulation. It would not only advertise the products but it would offer much greater facili ties to the public than exist at present. Everytning cannot be done at once, however, and no doubt the business will be carefJilly and gradually de veloped as thne peculiarities and tastes of the people are more fully under stood. The manager of the company informed me that there would be an ex celleq. market for Australian butter were it not for the continual fluctua tion in the prices charged by the but ter factories. Just as a number of customers are secured under certain conditions, the consignors raise the price, and the trade is lost. The Danish merchants, on the other hand, offer to supply the Cold Storage Company with regular shipments of butter all the year round at a fixed price, and unless the Australian factories can do the same their European rivals will secure the markets of Malay. There would also be a large trade here for Australian apples it proper arrangements were made, as the rich and luscious fruits of the tropics cloy the palate after a time and one longs for the milder fruits of the temperate zone. rp to the pre sent the only apples that have reached here from Australia were some surplus stocks that were not good enough to ship to England, and the local opinion of Australhan fruit is, consequently, somewhat unfavourable. The Straits Dollar. Singapore has been experiencing trade depression for some little time, brought about by over- speculation, cur rency troubles, shipping charges, de lays, and high freigits. The fluctua tions in the t·alue of the Straits dollar tended to discourage investment. while the continual increase in the value of the dollar owing to the advance in sil ver, and tue prohibited import of Bri tish and American dollars, compelled the Government early in the year to adopt a gold currency. The Straits dollar has been standardised at 2s. 4d., and these coins will, for the present, be issued against the deposit of gold at the rate of 60 dollars for seven sov ereigns. i lie face value of the dollar must be greater than the bullion value. Otherwise, the Government would coin at a loss, the banks would ship away silver dollars, and' the Chinese would melt them up. The Indian cur rency represents silver at 40d., per ounce, and the Straits currency at 35d. With silver touching 31d. per ounce, there is a possibility. of a further increase in the value of the dollar to 2s. 6d. or 2s. 8d. To the wage earners paid in dollars, the in creased value means a rise in wages, or in the purchasing power of their carnincs. The great majority of the civil service are paid in sterling coin, and they are now only recei-ving 8.1 dol Ilars for each pound, whereas they for mere?y obtained 10. To a clerk receiv ... ............ ... ing , 300 a year, this megns.,a reduc tion- in' salary of 38 dollars a monith. On theiother` hand, thosecivil-seivanits who are paid in dollars look with equanimity upon the possibility of a still further increase in the face value of the coin. Paper money ii issued by _the Government.of .the Straits Settle inents for varying amounts totalling 17,000,000 dollars. It holds a reserve against this note issue of 11,000,000 silver dollars, and -a gold security of 6.000.00 -dollars. - There are _21000, 000 dollars in circulation. Social and Political Aspects. There are three daily, papers in Singapore, and -the native millionaires are planning to start. a fourth, which. will specially iphold the interests of the native community. It is difficult for an Australian. bred in a county I where ..tho people have ..sprung from one 'stock, speak the same ianguage, and. possess equal political and civil *rights to understand, much- less criti cise, the problems involved in govern ing=as a Crown coolony a territory popu lated by various virile races, in which Sthe British elenient is comparatively small. The hegemony of the white race rests. clieflv on prestige, and de graded whites . whoso characters are a :disgrace .to, their nationality, are soon bundled out. No disreputable English speaking women are allowed. to. remain in Singapore, and in this way the. re-" 'spect - and prestige of. the. governign race is upheld. The name of the great folinder..of, the .city is kept green Ain the memory -of the inhabitants by the nomenclature of niany" isistitutions? such 'as 'Raffles' museiim ',Raffles'.: li brary, Raffles' school,.' Raffles' square, -Raffles' - moiumenht and ,;last but not least Raffles' 'Hotel. The last is more than .a hostelry, it is ap institutioh- -the hotel that has niade.Singapore fa-. -mons to the tourist, and a pleasurable resort to.the resident. .L , . ." . 