FROM THE .WORLD'S PRESS —The Immigrant) as an Economic Awet.— biscussh-j; the worth of the inunigrant an aneconomifiiwct'TheWall Street Journal figures that 830,000 of the male and female immigrants arriving in the United States last year were atlnlts, and were there to work. Their yearly earnings do not fall much short of ^CO.000.000. This sum in based on the assumption that 580,000 of the S20.000 immigrant* were males capable of earning an avera'ge of C/3 a day for 250 days in a year, aijd'that the 240.000 females work 300 days fop 4/2 a day. Our contem porary thinks it is a liberal estimate to as t-umc that they spend 66 2-3 jicr cent, of tbeir total incoiAe. which would leave a nianriu of £20.dOO,000 for a surplus ac count. Morcowr. when the immigrant enters he has to have a certain sum to maintain him for, a time. If each arrival of those need 13 years or over be required to have £5 in cash, the total will reach 14.100.000. whicl( means au annual incre ment to the country's purchasing power. As nn clement in, the elasticity of demand. this is one of thi factors which has made for the continuous prosperity of the United Stales during the past decade. In other words, reasons the newspnper quoted above, this inflowing tint of enemy i* si dynamic, not a static, factor iu the development of national wealth. — Embarrassed Bridegroom.— Very few persons acquit themselves noblv in their first speech. At a weddine feast recently the bridegrooms wan called, as u*cil, to rctpond to the (riven toast, in spite of tlie fact- that he had previously plea'lcd to be excused. Blnshimj to th«: roots of his hair, he rose to his fret. H-* intended to imply that he was unpreparel for MXM-'-im.ikin|& but ho unfortunately plnced his band ripon the bride's shoulder, and looked down, at her as he stammered out His opening and concluding words — 'This— cr— thing (as been forced upon me.' — A Luxurious Bath. — The bath of th4 future will he an unmix ed delight. In liis 'One Hundred Years Hence' Mr. T. Ji. Russell says that the bath will lave the htody speedily with oxy ^enatctl water, delivered with a force that will render rubbing unnecessary. Beside it will stand the dryinj; cupboard, lined uitli some quick! mnrine arrangement of soft brushcx. and fed) with a -highly desic er.ted nir, from w,hich almost in a moment the father will emerge dried, and with a skin ccntlv stimulated, and perhaps elec trified, to clothe ihtmse.lt' quickly and pa**, down the li't to, his breakfast, wbich he will cot to the accompaniment nf a sum mary of the morning's news rend out for the benefit of the' family, or -whispered into his ears by a talking machine. —Would Save Such a Lot of Trouble.— A dear old lady1, on bearing that another effort is to be made to secure the sanction of Parliament lo the Channel tunnel scheme, said she 'would be dad to see it nasscd. for in that event there would surely be no need for alj these poor people to try to swim across, i —Official Applause in Court.— A pleaem? scene was witnessed in Brent ford Police Court! Two farmers, old neigh bours and friends) had fallen out over some trifling matter. t The Chairman of the Bench acted as peacemaker so eloquently that the fanners shook hands, and mad' it up, and almost quarrelled again as t6 who should have the pleasure of paying tbe costs. There waft applause in the Court, which, instead of being* 'immediately gup pressed.' was swelled bv the Magistrates, and more marvellous still— by a policeman. —New Submarine Electric Lamp.— An electric are lamp, capable of effi ciently supplying tbe needs of under-water illumination for «shio salvage and sub aqueous work aenerally, as well as for opera tions to be carried, on in inflammable or ex plosive atmospheres, was recently subjected to trial in the barjbour of Aberdeen in con nection with repairs effected on tbe dock catcs there, withput takintt them out of position. Tbi6 lamp is being introduced by the Consolidated Pneumatic Tool Com* pany. It was found that a thorough exa mination of the- dock sites ojraJd b« mad* by the aid of the lamp, and in order to de monstrate iU power one of the divers re turned for a newspaper, and after descend ing to the bottom of the dock a depth of 20 ft., read a portion of it through the tele phone to those on the surface. Tbe lamp itself is a double enclosed arc lamp cap able oE civinc from 1.500 to 2.000 candle power, the glass globes of whicu are made to stand a pressure of over 100 lt». per square inch, while the metal parts and all joint* will stand over 200 lb. This lamp should also be useful for the examination of ship's bottoms and the carrying out of repairs afloat. —Epitaphs.— Onc docs not usually expect to find hu mour in a graveyard, but some is to be found, if some of the English papers are to be believed (writes a correspondent). Over the grave of a Liverpool brewer ap pear the lines: — Poor John Scott lies buried here. Although he was both hale and stoat, Dftith strctclicd him on the bitter bier; In another world he hops about. The writer of the above was evidently in good spirits, and was probably a 'rum card.' Then there is another from Massa chusetts, brief, but tragic:— Here lies the body -X Mary Ann T/-«rder. She bunt while ilrinkinc a scidliu powder; Called from this world to her heavenly rest, fhe should hare waited till it effervesced. After shedding a sympathetic tear at the sad fate of Miss or Mrs. Man- Ann Low ilcr, I observed the following advertisement addressed to Christian gentlewomen:— 'A I-ady Kvangelist going abroad asks Chris tian Gentlewoman to take charge of lug gage for love of Christ without reward. About four packages.' — Sunspots and Earthquakes.— Xot all earthquakes arc caused by the mere shrinking of the earth's skin. - M. Flamroarion demonstrates that some may be caused by siinspots. Thus, he says, that the big ninspots melt the polar ice and make rain, fog, and cold, but when a great deal of ice has accumulated at the pole and this becomes disturbed to any great extent, and with somethinc like rapidity, the globe is calculated to lose a little of its balance, and the result, iwrliaps, is an earthquake. As a matter of fact the earth wobbles on its axis regularly, but only to a trifling desree: but there are occasions when the wobble is out of the usual, and the instant anything like this happens there is a convulsion of Nature, and an earthquake is the most likely character for it to take. Of the immense influence which tmnspofc have on climate variations, the great French scientist has much to say in an able paper on the subject, in which he slicaks of long years of observation, and the impossibility of nn erroneous conclusion. The entire nature of. the earth's climate ha-- at \erwt been once completely reversed throuch their action, and thoueh such, a terrible result is not likely to happen attain, it is still certain that we shall be subject to alterations of more or lews importance. The earth at least on one occasion so wob 1-led on iU axjs as to niter its poles and involve everylhinc in existence at the time in something like a common ruin, and while this is ouitc unlikely of repetition, small etfects of the same character are certain to continue indefinitely. — Cause of Short Sight.— Certain hypersensitive parents have ut tered emphatic iirotcsU because the educa tion committee of the London County Coun cil hu* removed from its requisition list several scries nf upright writing copy books. They declare that this action will endanger tlic eyesight of the children, and they base the statement on a report that 50 per cent, of the ailments afflktine French children are vauscd by the sloping system of writing. But Professor Malcolm McHardy. the fa tuous oculist, docs not agree with this opin ion. The direction of the . writing is of no import nnce. he informed a press repre sentative- recently, as long as there is plenty of contrast. The writinc of a slate pencil on a slate in very dangerous. Black ink on white paper is good: white ink on black paper would be best of all. It must not be forgotten that the Chairman of the education committee is Sir William Collins, who is an oculist, and he would faViction nothing which would in any w-iy be harm ful to the rifiht of the children. All teach ers vhould remember that writinc with fine pens is a source of danger. The thicker the stroke the greater the contrast. Short sight is not ns barmlcst a complaint as it is jiopularlr believed to l-e. It is caused by the !-tretchine of the coats of young eye balls, no that tjiese tend In become more a'nd more lemon-shaped instead of apple ?shaped, as in the normal eye, or oningc shnped, as in the long-sighted eye of the earlier man. Short sight is often the be pinning of inanv of the most irremediable and blinding forms of eye degeneration. The cause of much of the short sisht of present day childnSi i« that they are condemned tu thread beads, learn fine xlitchinc. fold paper, and other kindergarten abomina tions. The unchanging range of vision and want of contrast cause all the mischief. -Tbc House Doullut Built.— One of the most original houses in the United States (suyn The New Orleans Times-Democrat) is that recently completed for (.'apt. Doullut (Itoiddht of Louiidana Navigation and Fisheries Company of that city. Having permanently dropped anchor in a home port, the captain deter mined to end his days ashore in a habita tion th..t should at all times remind him ot the ronrinu main. So he planned a hoiiic .with rooms i-escmblins the interior of a bhip. nVul spent £l.G00 on it. One enters liy a walk built like a gang plank, and once -'al-oard' the illusion is i-onrjilete. There are portholes instead of windows, and comiKinion ways for stairs. The base ! meat, in which tlie storeroom is located. ? is curiously like the hull of an ocean-going i vessel. The lower story is of brick; the I upper ot steel frame. The roof, of date, is modelled after the Japanese style. The caves and cornice arc built directly from Japanoc pntteiSis. The best room is finish ed as elaborately as ths saloon of a ihip. and is surmounted by a cupola constructed exactly like a pilot house, with windows all round, 'for I he sake of the breeze,' l\\\\* captain explains. There is nli-o a gallerv iu which the owner can swing his hammock so as to be in the shade at any hour of the day. Electric lights arc used for illu winnting, nnd all the offices are situated so thi-.t it is untoeccHsary to leave the house for anything, and the proud owner is ratis. jieil that its like cannot be found anywhere in the world. —The First Electric Tram Conductor.— An interesting festivity took place re cently at Lichtcrfeldc, near Berlin, where Inspector Beyer celebrated the dav when, 25 years nco. he ran the first electric tram way in the world. It was h tl*- year 1881 that Hcrr Werner von Siemens, the foun der of the great Berlin firm of Siemens and Habjkc built the Tint electric street tramway from the Anbalt Railway Station to IJchtcrfeWc. Herr Beyer was the first man in charge of the new conveyance, unit ing; in his person the functitAis of driver and conductor. lie afterwards rose gradual ly to the post of chief inspector of the now enormously increased tramway system of that part of Berlin. Hcrr Beyer, who m nn expert authority on the development of electric traction, was made the recipient of some very valuable presents from bis employers and from the members of the company'* staff. — Cruelty to Horses. — What is dolorimetrie? A new scientific discovcrv due to M. W. Serieyx. of Paris, which has for obje:t the 'measure- menl' of the dynamics of pain by material mams. For some years the inventor Ikw made tbe cruelty shown towards horses in this capital his rpecial study. His theory is that, thoueh French drivers and others in charge of bor3es are brutal towards the animals, they are really more stupidly igno rant than mali;mant. His aim in develop ftjj bis new branch of science— dolorimetrie —is, he maintains, to give them the evi dence of their own eyes to the' grave physi cal 'effects of cruelty. The dolomcter shows that the dynamic force of a sharp cut with an ordinarv carter's whip is equal to about 285 lb.. and that a rigorous jerk at the reins puts a pressure of about 303 lb. on the horse's head. Once horsemen are aware of these painful facts M. Serieyx believes they will treat their animals more kindly. — Druidical Cemetery Found.— An interesting archaeolncrical discovery has just been made at tbe Isle of Batz, near Roscorf. Some time ago afa ancient tomb was discovered, composed of flat stones covered with a larger stone. In it were found some bones and fragments of red, grey, and black pottery. . Last week, while some workmen were digging a trench, other tombs, similar to that abovementioned and placed in regular order, were brought to light. Excavations in the neighbourhood have yielded similar results. Altogether more than 20 tombs have beefa discovered. None of them is of the length of a man lying down. In every case pottery was! found near the bones, and also at the east end of tlie tomb a sort of ancel in cranite. All the tombs faced east. The tombs are believed to date from a very early epoch, the method of inhumation being so entirety different from that of later times; and from (he absence of all ornament nr in scription it is concluded that it is a Dniid ical cemetery wluch has thus been dis covered. -M.SS. of a Hblv Man. Over 1.20(1 years ago Cuthbert was Bishop of that storm- swept see Lindis- ? furne. or Holy Island, and at his death the Venerable Bede wrote down the ac count of the life of this holv man. after iwatds to. be canonised as a taint, jut 500 years after his death, when Richard Coeur de Lion set forth on his crusade, a patient monk sat down in his Durham cell, and. in bodiic letters nnd rod rubric*, transcribed afresh Bede's life of Cuthbert. to keep the uieu».-ry of the saint alive. And another brotlrer worked for days and months ia muniinntins miniature* in grisaille, heightened with primitive tone* of red and Wue aud brown, endeavouring by his wsvere art to illustrate the austere life of the i-iou* Ht-bop. The stout vellum manu script recently appeared at Sothebv'*. and, altiieugii nearly 800 years old. is probably rtHl m its young lifetime The critical ex perts of the market apjiarently held this opinion, for not until .Mr. Quaritch had bid £1,500 did Mr. Lcighton lose hold. —Prize for Good Husbandry.— The prize offered at the Gainsborough agricultural show for the agricultural u. boiircr who had reared and placed out the greatest number of children was won bv Air. J. Denton. Dunston, Lincoln. He had reared and placed out all his 18 children. K. Bonner, Lissington ^onor. Lincoln, came second with 16 children born and 12 reared and placed out. —A Bird Mimic— No other bird I know (Mr. S P. Gordon writes in Country Life) is able to imitate so perfectly the notes of other birds as the song thnikh. or mavis, as he is usually call ed m Scotland. The mavis of the deer forest, in which the golden eagle nets, will imitate tbc Iatter's note to perfection, f» much so that I have often been deceiv ed into thinkine that the real en?le was in the vicinity. Then, again, in the land of the curlew, golden plover, and redshank the thrush repeats all their notes, excelling in tlie clear, vibrating whistle of the curlew. By the river, where the common tern and ring plover have their summer home, the thrush imitates them perfectly, but utters the ring plover's whistle louder than the plover itself. The woodcock is another bird he imitates perfectly, but, strangest of all, we bave one in the grounds who repeats again and acain tbe cackle of a hen which lias just bid an em! —Partridges' Sanctuary.— A pair of partridges have made tbeir not close by the side of the footpath of the churchyard of Bnunpton Brian, Hereford shire, within fire yards of the porch. This confidence on the part of birds which are usually shy of man is the more remarkable from the fact that, to the honour of Bramp ton Brian be it said, the footpath is much frequented. —By Perambulator to Paris.— A shopman of Vienna has conceived the original idea, now that things are slack in town, of visiting Paris with hu wife and family, consisting of three children, tbe eldest three and a half yean, the youngett two and a half month*. At he cannot pay the railway fares he has bought a Injr pe- rambulator, with space to hold au three youngsters, with a boot for their linen, and has painted on it 'Vienna-Pariii.' in imita tion of the through cars of the expresses. He hopes by sellinjr postcards with por traits of himself and family in their peram bulator, not only to pay expenses, but to earn a little extra. -The Most Suitable Book.— A young lady entered a Toronto retail boot shop a short time since (sari THe Publishers' Circular) and enquired from the gentlemanly clerk (a married wan, by the' way) if they had a book suitable for an old eentletnui who has beoi married 50 years. Without a moment's hesitation the clerk reached for a copy of Parkman's 'A HaU Century of Conflict.' —Strong Arm of the Danish Law.— The Danish authorities have been adver tising for 'a reliable and sturdy execu tioner.' The late practitioner hw retired because he can no longer wield , tbc^ heavy axe. Good wages were offered— £75 per execution. —Alter a Sleep of Centuries.— The body of a voung woman 'who has not yet been identified,' has been discover ed in die ancient Priddy lead mines ra Somereetithire. some. 10 or 17 ft. deep in the water- borne silt that has been accuroa latinc since the days before the Bomaiw came. Tbe hair is wonderfully preserved, and remains in tbe plait into which it was worked. Beside the body were found five large blue and green class ocadfc —Incomparable London.— Open-eyed and ripe for impresMOMvdrive upon a Sne warm night in Hyde Pane, re marks The County Gentleman and Land and Water enthusiastically, Me the Serpen tine hanked with manses of dusky trees: note the view from the bridge over to Westminster, one of the most wonderful nnd splendid in Europe. Obcerve the light ed bandstand with its crowd of listeners round, and then compare all this with* the l»raUT of Vienna and the Bois de Boolougne, and acknowledge that at borne we have beauty as intense as that b any foreign city. —A Champion Life Saver.— Five hundred persons saved from drown' ing in 48 vears was the record achievement of Christian Lunger, a Danish boatman, who has jurt died at Harboc, Jutland, agei 83\. . . —Worthy of Sidney Smith.— A clergyman was aidced by a young lady, what wan the meanine- of tbe strange word 'optimist' used by him in his sennoiL He replied:— 'An optimist sees a silrer lirnng in every cloud. A pessimist bites the suven to see if it .is real.' —A Boy's Prayer.— Sir William Butler, in the course .of s contribution to Tbe Tribune, tells Ihe fol lowing story:— 'I met in a railway carriage in Natal a gentleman who kept a native store in Tcrobuland. He bad fought in the old Zulu war. two of his sons had fought for us in the Boer war: the tnird. now tra veiling with bis parents, was a hoy about 12 years old. Speaking of the Boer war, the mother said that it was their family custom at home to pray every night for the safety of the two absent boys, and for the dead who had faDcn in the wsr. One even ing when the prayers were finished tho Iwtv. then a child of six years, asked, 'Have the dead Boers any. one to pray for them, mother?' 1 don't know,'. she an swered 'but I don't think they have, be cause they don't pny for the dead.' Then I'll pray for them,' said tbe boy. 'And everv night after we had prayed for out dead he said a prayer for the Boer dead, and we joined him in the prayer.* ' —Mark Twain'* Lazy Moods. — 'Mark Twain recently described himself ns the ''laziest human being on earth.' but lie appears to he a marvel of literary industry. As a relaxation from dictating his autobiography while lying abed roorn inp« i'mvi the Xew York correspondent of The Trihtine). he has turned his thoughts upon a talkative horse, with the result that a two-part story, entitled 'A Horse's Tale' will aiine.ir in a magazine this summer. Mark Twain is spending the doffdayw near Dublin. Xcw Hampshire, where he find* tlic nir *o stimulating that he is ashamed to confers that a mass of manuscript to growing in his ''lazy' moods. —Tlie Bishop's Ambition.— Making an appeal for the Manx Church Port en tat ion Fund at Braddon. Bishop Strnton told an interesting story. When he was appointed by the late Marquis of Salisbury the latter asked him what he would like to do to mark his episcopacy, nnd mentioned that there was a great deal of talk about re^toriirs the old cathedral in Peel Castle. Tlic Bishop renlied that he would like to leave that to his suewfsor. nnd v-nuld do what lie ronM to cct a living wnce for the clcrey. On that Lord _ Salis bury said. ''Ood bless von:' and. said the Bif-liop, God had blessed his efforts. —Good Memory Earns a Penny — When Mr. Meyer, the President of the baptist Union, attended a meeting at 'Hrichton. some one reminded him that he had preached there 14 years oco. Mr. Meyer said that he would cive a penny to any one who remembered the text. A man held up his hand, nnd repeated the text, and amid great enthusiasm Mr. Meyer handed him the penny. —'Clean Forgot.'— The late Bi?hop of Trurn wns famous for his absent-mindedness. The Times recalls that when he was at Worcester 'Dean Gott was sometimes popularly corrupted into 'Clean Forgot.' Occasionally he went to a church to nreach n special sermon, and entirely forgot the subject he was to dis cuss. Nevertheless. In; always ro«e to the occasion, and delivered an excellent dis course. —Mr. Rockefeller's Economy.— Mr. John D. rockefeller spent six week* at Compiegne and about fa in money. The Paris correspondent of The Express says that he did not even nurchase a picture iwtreird. A« a «et-off he gave the Mayor '£210 for local charities. — Suspicious.— At a dinner given to Mr. Pierpont Mots gr.n in Philadelphia, it happened, by some unfortunate oversight, that the guest of honour had no oyster fork. In comraentiug pood naluredly on this accident. Mr. Mora gan said:— '1 am reminded of an anec dote my father used to tell about a cer tain Mrs. Murphy. Mrs. Murphy, it seems, was dining out. and bad no saltspoon Tbe hostess called her butler's attention lo this fact. 'William,' she Mid, 'Mrs. Murphy has no sa]t«-oon.' lladame,' Wil. bam aravely rephed. 'the last time Mrs. Murphy, dined here ire lost a ttltepoon!' tf 