Denmark's flculsft population The r evised figures of 'the Jewish population i of Denmark have just come to hand, and from we, ('J ewish World,') learn that the tendency which set in half-a-century ago still continues. According to the census of 1863 there were about 6,000 Jews in Denmark, exclusive of Sehlt-swig-Holstein. The latest figures are 8476, and this number has probably already been reduced. In 1860 the Jewish proportion of the population was .4 per cent, ; now it is a li+f.la' nl-irvvQ t.Vin.n 1 T,nm rlofinifa ronanna n.ro given for this alarming reduction — the small number of births and the considerable propor portion of intermarriages. Of every four marriages, in one the parlies differ in faith. A further reason for the dimunition of the Jewish population is the absence of Jewish immigration. In fact, this may be considered , the chief reason ; for the same phenomena— reduction of native. Jewish population, fewer ?children, an increase of intermarriage — are to .be observed in all Western countries in which Jews have settled. Without exception the whole of Western Jewry is dependent ?t,n an inordinate extent on immigration from the East. Especially noticeable is the resem blance in Jewish matters between Denmark and the other Scandinavian countries. . In Denmark, with the exception of very short periods, the condition of the Jews has ibeen exceptionally comfortable. 'Preference, however, has for the most part been shown by the Government for the Bephardim, and it is from that section of the race that the Jewish settlers have principally come. Jewish tradi tions—of little reliability— connect Denmark with the Jewish race at a very early period, and the country obtains some early Anglo-Jewish interest from a reference toj Deulacrasse of Danemarcia in the records relating to Aaron of Lincoln (1176). The exceptional toleration shown by Denmark to her Jewish sons has been repaid by the production of many eminent Danish Jews, or rather, ' Danes of Jewish per suasion,' as in most instances they would have preferred to have been described. Jews have been found in the Government service since the seventeenth century. The community has pro duced, in addition to the theologians and philo sophers — including Hartwig and Moses Wessely Isaac Euchel, and other coadjutors of Moses Mendolssohn — litterateurs, scientists, poets, artists, musicians, physicians, and other -eminent men. The distinguished members of the Brandes family were all of Danish birth, The Trier family has given a Speaker to the Danish Parliament. Another family well ? known in English public life, the Hambro, has a Danish-Jewish origin. Joseph Hambro, Aulic Councillor to the King of Denmark and Knight of the Dannebrog, was born in Copen hagen in 1780, and settled in London fifty-one years later. Prof. Ignnz Goldziher of Budapest received the honorary title of Doctor of letters from the University 03 Aberdeen. This is said to be the first time that such an honor has been conferred on a Jew. Prof. Goldziher is a prominent ?' Orientalist, and was for many years head clerk of the Budapest Jewish congregation, which position made it possible for him to pursue his academic work. He also is lecturer at the Kabbin ical Seminary at Budapest. Another academic appointment is that of Dr Ceasar Pomeranz as professor of chemistry at the University of Czernoritz, in Austria. Those who peruse the newspapers carefully will find that there is not a week in which the participation of the Jews in the highest work of education is not prominently brought to public notice, and still a malignant world persists in seeing in the Jew merely the petty trader and heartless money-lender. Induce your friends to subscribe to the ' Heb rew Standard,' the only Jewish weekly paper. 