TH B SOIL SETTLEMENT AND PRODUCTION. OUR BUTTER ABROAD. SELLING DIRECT TO THE WHOLESALER. A NEW DEPARTURE. 'AN ENGLISH MERCHANT'S VIEW. Last year the Coastal Farmers' Co-oporativo Company entered upon an experiment which marks the boglnning of what may prove to be another step forward in tho handling of our butter abroad. In December trial shipments were mnrlo direct to wholesalers, thus cutting out tho Tooley-stroot commission. Tho result oi those shipments, although thoy met a very disturbed market, was on tho wliolo very sat isfactory, Inasmuch as tho largo majority of tho factories that participated in the cxperlmeut received, on the average, about 2s per cwt. more than. they did on tho butter disposed of in tho usual way through Tooley-stroot handl ers. In a word, tho producer benefited sufll- clently through being brought a stage closer to the consumer to Justify a further lest of tho expediency of doing business on these Hues this season. Tho largo wholesale provision house with which the Coastal Farmers aro at present deal-' ing is Messrs. Wilier and Riley, Ltd. — a house with headquarters in Manchester, branch ware houses in Loudon, Liverpool, Birmingham, Bradford, Newcastlo, Cardiff, and Sheffield, and agencies in Bristol and Glasgow. The organ ising director is Mr. S. Turner, F.R.G.S., who is now in Sydney; and as giving some indica tion of the area which may nowadays be covered by tho business operations of a big Biitlsh food-supply firm, it may be of Interest to mon- tlon that by December next Mr. Turner will have "done" the giobo twico, and will havo travelled 23,000 miles by water and rail in "tho colonies" alone. Discussing some aspects of his business mis sion with tho writer, Mr. Turner afforded much information of interest to producers on this side of tho water. "There aro," he said, "about 20 importers, 7000 to SOOl) wholesalers, and lougbly about 70.000 retailors engaged in the food supply of over 40 millions of British peo ple. My lirm represents one of tho whola-talcrs, so you seo that Now South Wales is just touch ing tho frlngo of dlroct distribution to tho re tailer. Now, I say that tho growth of tho New South Wales butter industry — Indeed, of the Australasian butter industry — demands direct distribution, because it cuts out unnecessary middle profits. This is lite explanation why the llano is getting a far bettor prlco for his stall-fed winter butter when your full- grass- t'cd butter arrives. In lime up-to-dato distri bution will considerably reduce this margin between New South Wales butter and Danish. The reason why wo have now eight warehouses Is because nearly 19 years ago wo were ap pointed tho solo agonts for the Farmers of Denmark Butter Export Association, and wo aro still their solo North of England agents. Wo havo over 10,000 retail customers on our books, and these customers arc oalled upon weekly by several travellers from each waie- houso. Before tho commencement of last year wo wore entirely dependont upon Tooley-stroct for our supplies. Last year wo succeeded In securing 1500 tons of butter and cheese from Australia and Now Zealand, and our prices havo represented an advanced price to tiio consignors. The consoquenco is that we have got this year 1SOO tons of butter and chceso in New Zoalnnd, and we expect between GOO and 700 tons of but ter in Australia, although wo have never push ed business here. In proof that tho more direct handling is appealing strongly to tbc producers, I may mention that the large Ellhnm facLory in Now Zealand has refused a buying offer of ll'.Jd for its whole season's output, preferring to consign to us again. "in regard to our business with the coastal farmers, it is to bo noted that their consign ments did not leave bore until December, and consequently met tho English market during ono of tho most serious slumps that has been experienced during tho last 10 years; still I think Mr. Mcares will boar me out in saying that In nearly every ease the net returns wore ahead of those realised In Toolcy- street. We introduced new brands on tho market for each factory, never handling tho same brand as Tooley-streot, although it was the same buttor. Now, I think tho fact that although Tooley- streot has had certain brands for several years, we were able to start with now brands on a slumped market, and yet got better prices, may well be called remnrknble. It is the proof of a powerful system, because tho brands that are neglected on a falling market, which weigh the market down, in fact, aro tho brauds which aro not well known. "Now, under our arrangements with Mr. Moares, as soon as our consignments from his company roach 1000 boxca per week, wo will sell on tho coastal farmers' own invoices, which means, really, that wo will keep the coastal farmers' books In England. Tito invoices will go direct to tho retailers, just as tlioy do in the case of tho butter sold on behalf of the Farmers of Dcnnlark Export Association, or as in tho caso of tho Eltham factory in New Zealand. That will be the first time in tlio history of tho Aus tralian produco trado that the factories will havo their butter luvolced direct to the British lc"..ilcr on tlioir own involco. Each factory's butter will bo pushed on Us qualityt— that is, of course, tlio quality It shows when being turned out in England, which is not always Us quality as it leaves here. It is also on the cards that we may push a special label, so that when the butter is turned out on tho retailer's counter, the British public may bo able to hleuLify It. I may cite to you an Instance of tho up-to-date method of advertising which wo adopt from time to time. When Wales was playing New Zealand at football In tho town of Cardiff, one of our retail customors took a page in tho leading papei', and displayed tho advortlsement: — 'IValcs may bo ablo to boat New Zealand at football, but Now Zealand can lick creation In malting butter.' In addition to tbat page ad vertisement, lie distributed 10,000 handbills to tlxe public, ami exhibited a windowful of Eltliam butter, with tho words 'Direct from the Eltliam dairies' In largo letters across it. We encourage this sort of advertisement, tho object being to get tbe brands of Nexv Zealand and Australian butter known in British homes. Under the asstem of invoicing the butter direct, tho coastal farmers have a guaranteo that every cent, that we make Is accounted for to them on their invoices, which are a copy of our books." Mr. Tumor points out that the Canadian and Irish exporters aro now nearly all soiling direct to tho wholesalers; only ono or two Importing Ibms iiro handling Canadian or Irish butter at all. Tho Dano has got completely past tlio im porter and Mr. Turner might ha$b oven gone fur ther and said that in so far as Liondon is con cerned, at all events, the Dane, making the most of bib proximity, is also getting past the whole saler, and is dealing straight with tlio retailer. In Mr. Turner's opinion thcro Is every proba bility of the present prlco of ono shilling lasting right through tho cxpurt season. Indeod, ho thinks that thoro is a great limo In store for all iood- produeing countries, especially tlioso ex porting dairy commodities. lie confirms our statement in these columns a few days ago, when directing attention particularly to the possibi lities of the pig Industry, that the United States of America are no longer tho exporters that they were llvo years or so ago, that German energies are going more nnd more into manufactures to the rotative neglect of the primary industries, and largely In coneequonco of this wo see Ger many now absorbing enormous quantities of Si berian butter. "Apart from that," remarked Mr. 'iurnei, "the consuming power of Great Britain ' is increasing very much. A1 you want to do is to look after your ti-ndo opportunities, and make tho most of thorn." Tlio country from which tho greatest competi tion Is to ho expected Is Siberia. Of this, Mr. Tumor entertains no doubt. He claims to havo studied Siberia carefully, and is tho author of a work on it. At present immigrants arc pouring lx> there at tho rate of a quarter of a million a year, and thoy will soon tell. However, from our point of vlexv, as rival caterers for tho world's custom, wo may derive some consolation from tho reflection that tho teeming millions of mighty Russia aro expanding tholr Ideas of what constitutes a square moal, and how to get it. So that It Is reasonable to expect that tho In crease of production In Siberia will bo accom panied by an increase of consumption in Russia, whtcb, while It may not be relatively as gi'eat, will, at any rate, be considerable. Argentine i« tho other country we have got to keep our eye on. Dairy production, Mr. Turner says, is In creasing there, although It has been temporarily cheeked by a drought. But. given llio utmost use of tho most up- to-dato mothods, Australia, in so far as her primary industries uro concern ed, can look on tbc trading outlook with com posure. ; 