News ant Notesyj . . . i In an action heard at Hie Marylcb'ond County Court a diminutive and anaemia looking city clerk and a; member, of .' tliq St. Jamcs'-thc-Lcss football club 'claimed; the price of '.a new set- of, teeth- from a) farrier, ' member of a West London club J Defendant, it was said, bail struck plaiil-( tiff from behind, and knocked, three, teeth out, after a friendfy match. at Wormholt farm. Evidence was given by u witness named Siogger, whom the judge jocularly suggested might have been defendant,. 'De fendant ' scouted the 'idea of a rearguard attack, and said, ho was simply accepting plaintill's invitation tot fight, and 'making victorv doubly siirc bv getting in .the firs-t blow. (Laughter.) They bad bail1 a dis pute on .a nice little football point, .and plaintiff had challenged hlm'to combat. (Renewed laughter.) ' "What would, y.'tlo it a . fellow- asked y'to.' fight 7" defendant suddenly snapped out at plaintiff's solici tor, to the' amusement of the court. ' Mr. Morrell (cautiously) : It depends on the challenger's size. (Laughter.) After a dentist in court had made an examination of plaintiff's mouth, at the judge's request, the member of Hie church club was awarded £5 for his damaged teeth. A pathetic case occupied Um Maryleboim Police, l.'ouil. when Lawrence, Ernest .Smith, 25, shoemaker, of 11 Porteus road, Haddington, was charged with shooting his swiv.l.hearl, Helena Pliill- pot. Both persons are deaf and dumb, anil the evidence had In be iulcrprclcd through signs liv Hie chaplain of Ihe Royal Association in .Aid of Hie Deaf and Dumb. The complainant was in ser vice at Mniila llill West, and oil 23nt June prisoner called at the house for her. After accompanying her shopping, he re turned to Hie gale, aim, as I hey were parting, shol her in the mouth Willi a pistol. The bullet passed into her neck, and was subsequent I v rxl raided. When arrested at, Putucv. prisoner bail a loaded revolver in lus pocket. In reply to the charge, he wrote, "I cannot write ; now clearly ; 1 loo much headache. I am very wicked. Now God forgivo me. Miss Phiilpot will be. rest heaven." He subsequently wroto lo tho girl's employers : "My sweetheart lady always cross to mc. . . ;. Kill shoot,- a a l> She will good rest dead." Prisoner was committed (or trial. . « At a recent trial, Mr. Avory, K.C., in opening an appeal re the.. Castle Hotel, Eynsford, in Kent, said that the defend ants had printed and proposed to put up a notice that "On and after 10th Decern-' her, 1005, no person ' would, be- served with refreshments on the Lord's Day , ex cept visitors 'staying -in the hotel and their guests,' Furthermore, no person would in future be served -with' alcoholic drink; more Ircqucntly,. 'titan., once jluritg ; any morning, afternoon, or evening of any one day of the w.eek." The qucstion-was j whether tli0 business carried -on1 in nccord- ,. ;nnce .with the .-notice " was, or was not, ' . at breach of tl)cJ covenants. "In considcr- ing what houses should . .lie closed in : accordance with recent legislation, it was .'usual to consider/ the amount of trado: ' ilone by the houses, and anything that tended to diminish" tlic ' trade jeopardised the license..: The object -of the defendants'1 1 was to" sell' as' little malt liquor as possible. Lord -Justice Moulton said tbcv were : .under no obligation .to sell as much as possible. , Mr. Riifu'i Isaacs, K.C., ..in support) of I ihe judgment of the. court below, said , that Hie house was converted into an ' hotel with the sanction of the, plainlilfs, and that the defendants ,wcro entiiled to.' carry it on as an', hotel- in any, manner ,(;they chose. ! ' The further hearing was adjourned ' V i: So far we ("Daily1 News") havo re ceived no contradiction of a correspon- dent's statement that the torehe:: used in the llirmiiigiiain procession in honour of Mr. Chamberlain were "made in Ger many." "Brilington," another Birming ham eorrespoiidenl sends us a copy of a letter which be. addressed to "The Bir mingham Mail," seeking lo clear up Hie mailer. The letter lias not been pub lished. We give it as tillering strong cor roboration of the original statement,:"! attended the meeting ul Hinglcy Hall last evening lu bear Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, and was amply repaid for the. discom forts endured "by Hie. words of wisdom which fell from his lips. This morning, much In my surprise, I find il is common knowledge 'Hurt the t niches used in the procession were not of British make, and were, in fact, marked witli Hie name, of a foreign manufacturer. Perhaps the re sponsible parties will contradict this statement, if untrue, as surely the ad vocates of Tariff Reform would not use a foreign article when a British one could have been procured for the same purpose." The neglect to answer or insert so tem perate a communication is suggestive, An exceptionally large crowd of buyers was attracted to' the annual sale of entile anil sheep bred by Mr. Henry Budding, at. Riby Grove, Grimsby. Over £13, nn., was realised by Hie sale. Fourteen hun dred ami- fifty guineas was Ibe price ob tained for the shearling ram Itiliy, Derby champion, which won the first, jirizeat Hie Iloyal .Show at Derby ibis year. This is Hie highest figure ever' obtained in Eng land for a rum. The ram was purchased by Air. Miller, 'Birkenhead, tu lie sent to Buenos Ay res. Amnng the entile £1,000 for tlic two-year-old roan hull Prince Alastair was tlm highest figure obtained. I be hull was purchased . by Mr, Pearson to lie sent to South America, In tliu annual return on emigration anil immigration it is indicated Hint last year the alien population of Hie United King dom showed a decline and not an in crease. Tlic total figures for tho year slmw tliat, while 107,733 foreigners came in from Europe there left this country J I2,57I) more, foreigners for non-Europium countries than arrived from those same places; consequently nearly 5,000 morn aliens left England last year l.liuii arrived here, lu previous years, says tliu re turn, the resulting, balance lias invariably been iu llm oilier direction.. After allow ing fur Hie possibility of errors llm re port concludes : "Taking the figures, how ever, as a rough index of tho general lu- sulis of the passenger movement . il, can probably lie said with some degree of cerlainlv that Urn nllcn population of Hie United Kingdom either decreased in 120a, or if it increased, il increased lo a much less degree than in former years."- ?' is it really true," Mr. Algernon Asliton wants to know, " that, us staled in your issue of to-day, the late Sir William Harcourt's reason for declin ing a peerage was that ho preferred to remain an English gentleman ? The answer is that Mr. Asliton allows his domocratio sympathies to run away with him. We (London paper) nro surprised to find so well iniormeil a man con tending that a Peer of Parliament is a incro gentleman. He is n nobleman, and nothiqg but that, ns Mr. Snmuol \feller would say. If the modesty of the late Sir William Ilarcourt led him to tho conclusion that he. would not shine ms a lord, wo think tho attitude a reasonable one, ' A sense of, tho limitations of one's genius is not a fault, syreiy. When Sir WilKum said those words, as wo be lieve that he did, lie had in mind, no doubt, tlic fact that wheh one ceased to bo -a gentleman and become a peer, one instantly lost importance as a per- sqnal force, and began to trade upon a title, with tlic full support and en couragement of the English people. This view is intelligible- 'enough, wo think, in a man not : .without pride. James Clark, a/ pauper in St. . Giles's Workhouse,' "was charged at 13oW striiiit) with assaulting wsrkteuso. official' J-Ie stnibkTthVjhas'tcr ' with a mallet, Ae-, .eused -/adopted, a very truculent attitude' in .court, -and /abused tho . officials.- ' Ho said ;that ' ho;, was : reading a paper called '.V '/"Justice P -to tho Inmates, and when ho banie to a reference to Mr John Burns they;: all laughed. , It was stated' that .prisoner' bad:': been ;an inmate cS . tho 'workh'ouso since v ho ' was two': years old. In'1883. he:-wns scnlonced to penal ser vitude :for ' trying . to .set. the. workhouse on 'flro. He was /sentenced' /to ' three months', . hard/la'bour. . Another -pauper,; William Taylor, who had accused V. the St. , Gilqsjs,..officials.Vof / persistently'- ill-; treating him and another inmate, was 'charged;'' at . the same-' court with rclrac-- tor'y conduct." . 'A - pauper '. named ' M' Kch-' zio declared. A that -St. Giles's Workhouse was-'a'/Brtlish Bastille ' -This' witness was spoken, of ' as an' agitator. . : Tho- magistrate ' said the - allegations of " - illrj Irca.tment/.had, not; been proved. > Ha. sen/; fenced.' Taylor : toy seven daysV ' imprison ment'' -v. ."'/ :V-'r"\:;/- Of tlio'024 samples of ginger, herb/ and- botanic .beers v sold kiis : temperance/- drinks,! examined , at tho British Govcrnmani- laboratory., during the .. .year .ended 31st March last,"' 349 contained spirit in excess of the legal' .limit of two per cent. The worst case was that/of a drink which; contained 0.5 per cent of proof, spirit. In 1,533 samples of beer and brewers' mate rials analysed,. 70 were found to contain arsenic in > excess of the- limit; of 220 samples of malt, 20 exceeded the limit;; of' 737 samples' of glucose, Invert sugar, caramel, &c.;, only one contained more than lone-hundredth of a. grain per lb. There were' 22 prosecutions for selling so- called tcnrpcranco drinks containing ex cess of alcohol, and 181 for diluting or adulterating beer. Butter samples exam ined: amounted, to 1,875, of which 037 contained boron preservative and 017. added .colouring matter. Fifty Belgian .samples -of -butter .were indicated as Ital ian, Danish butter was indicated in over 100 cases as cither Swedish, Russian, or .Siberiair. a Gennnii sample was said to come from Finland. Some "Swiss" con densed milk exnmincd included samples which came in reality from Belgium, France, Holland, Norway, and oven Ja- ninica. A sample of "coffee" was actually found to contain 99 per cent of chicory, '' In celebrat ion of the Clergy Relief Cor poration, a special service "was held at St.. Margaret's, Westminster, and Hie Bishop of Stepney, preaching, said that only tlic. bishops knew the amount of distress among the clergy cf their dio cese, unsuspected nnd unrelieved. The in come of one-half of l.helr parish clergy was less than £180 a year. The laity liuil no right lo expect the services of an edu cated gentleman lor Hie wages of a skilled artisan with more than an arti san's Social responsibilities. Later, at Ibe annual meeting the ilishop of Si iitl.waik said tile existence of underpaid ministry was a shame lo Hie church and a shame to the laity of the church. At one period' last winter something akin to a reign of terror existed in Hie jewellery quarter of Birmingham. .Scarcely a night, passdd when one or more establishments were not. entered. The police made a number of arrests, and j Hie neighbourhood enjoyed a welcome re- | spite. Apparently, however, a new gang of thieves recently began work iu I lie I locality. When Air. Haywood, jun., of the j firm of J. Haywood and Co., or Groat | Hampton street, opened the premises one ; morning lie discovered lliat the works hud j liucit visited bv thieves. Tlicy eonlenled i themselves witli forcing a ilosli, but. their 1 haul was not large. A lew gold and I silver lirouclies anil bangles, valued at £15, were missing. On the broken glass of Ihe window through which entry was obtained are a number of very clear finger-print, impressions which the police hope will lead to the identity or the cul prit, . Fifteen thousand Douglas visitors made a twowuilc country pilgrimage to Brad- don old churchyard recently to attend re ligions service 'there. Ilishop Straton, in making an appeal on hchali of tliu Alanx Church siislcululiou fund, which lie estab lished ami which is of great benefit lo tliu poor clergy, made aa interesting an nouncement iu regard to his appointment by tlui late .Lord .Salisbury. His lord ship iiskcd hi m wlml lie would like lo do to mark his episcopacy, and mentioned Hint there was a great deal of talk about restoring the. old cathedral in Peel Castle. Tlic bishop told tlie. Prime ftlin- islor that lie would like lo leave, that lo his successor, and would do what lie could to gel. a living wage for the clergy. On Hurt Lord Salisbury said, "God bless you," and God laid blessed his efforts. Tliu bishop, informed the. congregation that, there were eight married clergymen in Hie island with incomes under £150. O If present experiments in Sheffield nro as successful as is expeeled, the crucible steel trade will lie revolutionised. The demand for the cheaper qualities of this steel bus been seriously affected by the increasing use uf Bessemer and Siemens steels ; hut now efl'orls to construct crucible steel furnaces to lie healed by gas instead of coke have answered so well tliat there is a saving of £2 to £3 per ton in smelling alone. It is not known yet whether Hie new svslem will give equally . good results in ihe produc tion or llm highest clnss of tool steel us the old coke .smelting furnace, hut tliero is, it is believed, a wide field for com peting iu the cheaper qualities. Recently a member or the House of Commons, who, on rising, was received with Ministerial cheers and laughter usked the President of the. Board of Trade whether- his attention had been called to tlie' growing trade in torches between Ge'- rnany and Great Britain.; whether lie was aware that at a recent demonstra tion iu Birmingham 5,000 German torches were used, and that none of them wero marked "Made in Gormnny " ; and whether, as tho sale of such articles with out such a mark, constituted an infringe ment of the Merchandise Alarlis Act, he could state why these were allowed ' to bo .imported, and whether any legal pro ceedings would follow on their importa tion. Mr. Lloyd George : I have no official information on the subject to which the hon.- member's question paints. But- I am glad lo know that the fol lowers ; and admirers uf the right hon. gentleman llic member for West Birming ham appreciated, for nt least- one even ing, the "advantages of freetrailc; 1 havu great doubt as to whether there was any contravention' of the Merchandise"' Marks Act.- In -any; case,- action would "ho difficult now,- as I understand the' "last particle' .of - oYidcncc as', .to .tho nationality of th'o torches" was consumed 'in / the' "course" ot tho festivities , . ; Ono/' ol - tho most" important -/pictured'; owned by Mr. Alfred Beit was Reynolds's' fine group of Lady Cockburir nnd her children left1 to -"the nation in 1802, under- tlio : will of Mariana' Augiista,:' Lady /Ham ilton, aftorwards found to .-bo' ineffective/ Many thought / he would re-bequeath/- it to the nation, and this' may bo- tho'/ ca'so. In I960,', soon'- after- the,-' National ' . Gal- lery,' authorities, handed it . .back to "'.tho co- nclresscs of Slr-'-Jamos Crickburn. to whom; it/ was found rightfully to /belong, M,1-'- Alfred -Beit' purclmscd it for/ £22,000. This is a by ho mfcans. .inconsiderable amount, of .course' but it Ms -.only - about one-, fifth 'of what Ali-.-'- Pierpont Alorgau gayo a year later for the Raphael, which - remains on- loan -in Trafalgar Square, arid' il ls short by £8,000 of . the sum paid . for the Darnlcy Titian .aiul, -Gains borough's "Duchess of Devonshire."- 'Then tho Berlin gallery had tho good fortun0 in;.' 1894. to obtain .Rembrandt's " Anslo and I-Ils .'Wifq."— which; like the enchantciP littlo lunilscapo in Ainstortlaii \vc . now recognise, should never have been allowed to . leave Englandr-for £27,000, ' . ,„?.!"c <imo ,,nK a representative or Hie lh.,1 Li!51V' -.(Kays- a correspondent ot that paper), called on mo with reference to my pamphlet, > "The Taxation of. proposing a proportional stamp , duty on tickets of admission to theatres, music halls, proprietary race .meetings, betting1 rings,' &c.;, to provide n. portion: of the cost of old age pensions. In 1880. when I first brought the sugges tion under the notice of the Board of In land Revenue, in whose service I then wus, I also sent copies -of the proposal to the Ministers- of Finance' of various countrucs. After many days, I am find ing the fiscal bread that I cast upon the waters 20 years ago, for,- in addition to Hie bill before the Berlin municipality, . a lax on theatre tickets, &c.;, has been in force- in Russia, ami also in several of our colonial possessions, for some years. On the' formation ot tlic county councils, they being in want of revenue, I -sub mitted the particulars of my proposal (o Hie chairman of Ihe London County Coun cil, Lord Roscbcry, and the chairman of Hie Taxation Committee, the late Lord Fnrrcr, and every member of (lie council. 1 also forwarded papers to the chairman of every council in England, whose vari ous opinions and replies appeared at llm lime in the "Daily News;". 'w7' Ono September evening three centuries hack, a lady rode up lu' tlie Qiieciies A lines, at Cliarmoutli, will) a man, as if a servant, on Hie. pillion behind her. The. ,udy was Aliss Juliana Coiiingsby, of a good Dorsetshire slock, and her servant was King Charles II.. wln> Imped by Ibis means lo gel. safely to France, after the disastrous field of Worcester. He bail ridden all Hie way from Trent, in Ibe northern confines of Hie eoiuilv, hoping to find a vesHel al, Cbarnmiiili. The ship Was not I here, for Ibe uaplain's wile good woman, having an inkling „f what was afoot and Hie danger lliereof, had locked up lier husband, ami, lo make all sure, concealed llm most indispensable purl ion of his elol lms. Aficr a night of suspense qvitli Hie horses in Ihe stable playing bis part of groom, Charles luoi in make his way hac|; lo Trrnl, and wait another opportunity. Hut even at llm (jiieuni's Arums Im'liad a Inva! nil- buruM. Next day, afler llm party had got clear awav, a blacksmith, who liail shod one of Hie horses, (old llm parson Hint llm three oilier shovs came from Worcester. The parson, wlm divined what had happened, hurried In tlm inn, and accosted llm landlady / "llow now, Mar garet, you are a maid' of honour." "What mean you by Ilia I, Air. Parson?" "Charles Sluarl lay at, your house last night," replied llm minister, "and kissed you on his departure, so Hint von can not be other than a maid of honour." "If 1 believed it was the king," replied llm gallant landladv, "1 would think Hie be.it er of my lips all the davs of mv lite."- 