CABLE NEWS. LONDON, Monday. The 'Times' correspondent considers tho position at 'Frisco as dangerous. The Japanese, though being humiliated . .in a1 thousand ways, are bearing it well. Assaults on whites are occurring. The movement has been traced to Labor .Unions and politicians. Owing to strikes, bankruptcies, and stagnation of trade, there are 20,000 un employed in Odessa, who are swelling the criminal ranks. . Racial feeling in San Francisco is inten . -sifted owing to the prosperity of the Japanese merchants, who are established in new buildings erected by Japanese workmen, while the white merchants are still struggling against the labor claims for the erection of wire houses. A disastrous ft re occurred in Cornwell ..University, Ithaca. U.S.A., where 27 students 'were sleeping, four of whom perished in the flames. Chinese coolies are not permitted to enter Hungary. An iron bar protruding from a goods train struck the Peninsular express, travelling from Chatenneuf towards Avignon. Mr. Robert llanna, engineer of the Indian railway administration, who was a passenger, was terribly in jured, and his wife partially scalped. Other passengers sustained lesser injuries The second battleship of the Dread nought type, began at Fort mouth is to btt named the Bcllerophon. Three or four days will be allotted to the Education Bill this week in the House of Commons. Germany is opening a great naval sta tion at Sonderburg, at the entrance to the Baltic Sea, and is already holding naval manoeuvres in Danish waters without protest, suggesting the existence of a treaty with Denmark. LONDON, Tuesday, j The result of the Education Bill is awaited with great interests. I Dr. Clifford, in a letter published in! the press, urges that it is better to lose: the Education Bill than make conees-| sions recognising the denominational leaven which the House of Lords has in troduced. Dr. Jamieson, the Premier of Cape Colony, advocates a South African fed eration on the Canadian model. The 'Standard' savs the army and navy will shortly be in possession of a propellent unequalled in the worl I giving us an advantage in sinill arm ammun ition increasing the value of the new quiekfiring field guns. The Hon. A. Lyttelton, ex-Secretary of State for the Colonies, speaking at Edinburgh, expressed great misgivings as to the result of self-government in tho. Transvaal and Orangia. Federation of the five State3 and the settlement of British farmers ought, he s.iys, to have iiroparlprf mi^lf-onvprn iviMiit. Japan is spending £7,500,000 sterling, .spread over seven years, to increase her navy. Latest. Monsignor Montagnini, the Pope's re presentative in Paris, has been expelled from France. He was regarded as the. mouthpiece of the Pope in urging the French church to disregard the public meeting law. A Bill is being prepared to withdraw the pensions from the French clergy who infringe the law, unless they can produce exemption certificates from public worship associations. 5500 young eccle ia^tics are to be summoned for coi:sciiption. The Pope on hearing of the decision -f the French Government raid that neither persecution nor martyr dom would stop him. Til a. ruinsirlrsihlp intnrvinw tlio Tvino1 of Belgium complained of the press' de ? scribing him s\s a monster of greed and cruelty, and worse than Nero. The Premier of France admitted that civil war will not make thecause of the church triumphant. The Governm?nt has determined that the clergy shall not rule Frrnee. The German Government dismissed 250 magistrates of Poland from sym pathising with the school of terrorists. Tho Premier is satisfied that r, steady stream of immigration inU the State has set in. Durnan and Towns have finally ag.eed to row for the championship on the Napean. 