NEWS OF THE DAY. The Prime Minister is to open the Fede ral political recess compaign a little earlier than was expected. Mr. Deakin announced yesterday that he would address his con stituents on Saturday evening, 24th March, week following Mr. Deakin's speech Sir William Lyne is expected to speak in Syd ney. Thence onwards the campaign will develop in every State, and be kept alive down to the meeting of Parliament, in June. For to-day the Premier has a full list of engagements. At 11 o'clock he will re ceive a deputation from the South Mel bourne council about a road; at 11.30 he tuill linni o rnnnaef frnm Rfjiwoll With TG» gard to a school of mines; at noon he at tends a private engagement in the city, and at 12.40 he will have what he faceti ously describes as one of his "symposiums," viz., an interview with Labor members con cerning railway affairs. At 2 o'clock Mr. Bent will attend a presentation - to Mr. Bowman, clerk of papers in the Legislative Assembly, and at 2.30 he will hold a Cabi net meeting. In the evening he will attend a public meeting to be held under the auspices of the Deaf and Dumb organisa tion. In an indirect way the Premier heard yesterday that the Prime Minister had been invited by the Premier of New South Wales to attend the Premiers' Conferencs in Sydney during March. Mr. .Bent stated that he knew nothing about it Mr. Carrutfiers i Was making all the arrangements. "I," said Mr. Bent with a smile, "am simply obeying orders. I wanted the Premiers to go to Tasmania; but I have been told to go to Sydney — and I'm going." Enthusiastic support was given at the citizens' meeting in the Town Hall last night to the movement in favor of having a universal Sathrday half holiday in the metropolitan area. Although a number of opponents of the proposal were present, and considerably heckled the speakers, the resolutions affirming the desirableness of closing on Saturday afternoon were carried amidst great cheering by overwhelming majorities. The different partisans con fined their feelings to legitimate limits, only vocal disorder reigning. On one occa sion, however, a constable who was in at tendance deemed it necessary to caution a frequent interjector when he called one of the speakers a liar. The hint was taken, and sterner measures were iroe ncu. Saturday half holiday committee recently issued circulars to employers asking them to pay their employes on Thursdays. Of the answers received up to 8th inst. 87.9 per cent, have agreed to pay not later than Thursdays, 9.52 per cent.' to pay on Fri days, and 2.56 per cent, have refused the request. The Premier has agreed to receive a deputation on 27th. inst. from the executive of the Victorian Alliance. The deputation will advocate the introduction of a local option measure next session, making provi sion for a time limit in lieu of money compensation. All persons who are interested in Aus tralian statistics will learn with regret that the New South Wales Government has re solved to discontinue the publication of the well- known and useful work which was so long supervised by Mr. Coglilnn under title of "Seven Colonies" (now offici- ally known as "Australia and New Zea land: A Statistical Record"). The an nouncement of discontinuance has been made to:, the Minister for Home Affairs by e the Premier of New South Wales. Mr. Groom says the inti mation emphasises the need for the estab lishment of a Commonwealth Statistical department, and for the appointment of a strong and capable Federal statistician. One of the first and most important mat ters p-hich the future statistician will have to consider and advise the Government on will be the reissue in some form of the valuable book already referred to. During the la6t few years its publication has been liberally subsidised by the Federal Govern ment. . . The announcement made m xhe Age a month nao that Mr. Loekyer, New South Wales Collector of Customs, was a likely candidate for the position of Federal statis tician was confirmed yesterday by a tele gram from Sydney published in these col umns. The feeling is general in Melbourne that Mr. Loekyer has only to apply for the position to obtain it. His present salary is £920 a year. In his new post he would receive £1000 a year. The salary was pur posely fixed from £800 to £1000 a year to tempt some 01 tiie leauing m na State and Federal services. In view of the coming into operation of the Federal Trade Marks Act on 1st May, the Melbourne Chamber of Manufactures has decided to send a deputation to the Minister of Customs, drawing his atten tion to the need of taking special steps to disentangle the confusion which is likely to arise from it. Under existing arrangements quite a large number of manufac turers in one State are protected by trade marks which in another State are the property of other firms. For instance, Mr. C. Atkins, presi dent of the chamber, sells an oil of which Hie trade mark is a locomotive. In Now South Wales another firm sells a different oil the trade mark of which is a locomotive. At, (present neither, on account of States trade marks limitations, can send their oil across the border, but when the Federal act comes into force both will be free to do so, and thus complications are threat ened. Similarly,- things will be mixed up in a large number of other directions, for trade marks have been granted in the vari ous States altogether irrespective of what has-been done elsewhere. The deputation jvillc-iBfitess BU .the Minis to: that ewe. capable officer should bo appointed to take comprehensive stock of the registrations in all the seven States, confirm those which can only be claimed by one firm, redistri bute the remainder according to the merits, and grant new trade marks to those firms which then find themselves unprovided for. The chamber will point out that at pre sent the Federal Commissioner of Patents is expected to attend to trade marks busi ness, but on and after 1st May the latter branch of his work will be increased so enormously by urgent matters that quali fied assistance should be given him. The "Victorian Year Book of Acricul- ture" for 1995, which has just been issued, is intended to be the first of a permanent series of handbooks on agriculture. Its ob ject is to meet the needs of the new genera tion of farmers for up-to-date information of a scientific and practical character. The articles it contains have already appeared n the "Journal of Agriculture," but their general excellence justified their publica tion in more permanent form. They have been written mostly by expert officers of the Department of Agriculture. Among the other contributors are Mr. J. L. Dow, agri- la l 17i. p iimi T .1 »» L _ 1 - cumirai uuiMir 01 .ue jueauer, wuu u>u written a valuable article on wheat produc tion, and Mr. James Cameron, M.L.A., who has contributed a practical paper on the cultivation of maize. The illustrations, which form an important feature of the year 'book, are excellently reproduced. The mass of information, deahng as it does with every department of rural industry, makes the publication well worth the 2/6 which it costs. It appears that there is some prospect that the recent agitation to secure penny- sectional fares on the tramways is not to prove entirely unproductive. Mr. Luxtou, M.L.C., in a speech delivered to the com mittee of the South Yarra and Frahran trades picnic, has stated that he believed some concession would be made by the Tramway company in Chapel-street. He understood that the company would pro pose to sell. eight tickets for a shilling, applicable to passengers in that thorough- fare between Dandenong and ioorak roads. In view of the passing of the Registration of Teachers and Schools Act, the Education department has been looking into the facili ties given by the department for the train ing of teachers. It is now announced that those who desire to train as teachers in the department's institutions may be admitted to the full course of instruction at the Training College for the inclusive fee ot £10 10/ per annum, to the day classes at the continuation school for a fee of £6, per annum, and to tlic continuation school evening classes for £4 per annum. It should be understood, however, that while the de partment is willing to grant facilities to persons desirous of qualifying as teachers, there will be no obligation to provide them with employment even should they qualify. Persons desiring to qualify for employment must seek entrance in the manner pre- scribed ny tne regulations. The Premier has received a notification from the Metropolitan Fire Brigades Board that no charge will be made for the de spatch of an engine and six men to Foster when that town was recently threatened with destruction by fire. At the request of the Government, which undertook to bear all expense, the engine and men were despatched, but on arrival found there was no immediate danger, the conditions hav ing changed. The engine, however, was got to work, and many of the tanks in the township were filled to enable the residents to combat another fire should one break out. This was much appreciated by the townspeople. As the brigade was not put to any expense in connection with the ser vice rendered, Superintendent Stein recom- mended the board that no charge shoukl be made. The board has approved of this. . - , . . The Premier yesterday received a tele-' gram from Cr. L. Shannon, mayor of Cooma, New South Wales, asking if be would accept a smoke concert or social when passing through that town on the occasion of his approaching tour through a portion of New South Males and across country through Gippsland. Mr. Bent re plied accepting the invitation. He leaves on Thursday evening by the Sydney ex press. When in Copenhagen recently the Agent- General inquired into the market for vari ous products for which Victoria might find a market. In a report to the Minister of Agriculture, he gives the following prices current for the year 1905 for produce, in which he thinks Victoria might establish a trade: — Danish wheat, 4/ per bushel of GO lb.; Danish oats, 2/7 per bushel of 40 lb.; Danish barley, 3/3 per bushel of 52 lb.; maize, 2/10 per bushel o/f 60 lb.; and bran, 1/10 per bushel of 40 lb. There is no duty on these cereals. Some instances of what are described as minor offences against the provisions of the Artificial Manures Act have recently en gaged the attention of the Minister of Agriculture. These offences consisted in not supplying complete information as to the chemical composition of the manures on the tags or labels attached to each sepa rate package. The Minister considers that there was evidently no intention to defraud the purchaser, and he does not propose to1 institute legal proceedings against the of, fenders, Ibut he wishes -it to be understood that in the future all the provisions of the Artificial Manures Act must be rigidly ob served. All 'manufacturers and importers of artificial manures are required to forward a sample of each -brand of their manures which they, are offering for sale to the Chemist 'for Agriculture for analysis before placing them on the open market. Some speculation lias been aroused in the minds of residents of Carlton as to why the authorities have allowed a shed to remain in the centre of the roadway at the inter section of Elgin and Rathdown streets. The building was at one time used by the Tram- way company as a signal box, but it has been in disuse, except as a shed, for some years. thousands of people yesterday availed themselves of the last opportunity of seeing Ilolman Hunt's celebrated picture The Light of the Worlo, As the time drew near for its removal the stream of visitors con tinued to grow in volume, and there arc doubtless many thousands disappointed at not having seen it. The picture was oil view for four weeks, and it is estimated by Messrs. Mack Jost and H. Hallet, who are in charge of it for the owner, the Right Hon. Chas. Booth, that close on 200,999 people visited the Public Library to see it. Over 20,000 saw the picture at Adelaide, where it was on view for eight days only. To-day it will be taken to Sydney, where it will he shown for a month, and it will sub sequently be exhibited in New Zealand, Tasmania, Brisbane and other places. The indifference to all postal require ments and exigencies exhibited by the various State Railway departments sorely vexes the soul of the Postmaster- General and his principal advisers. Mr. R. T. Scott intends if possible to secure the insertion of a clause in the now agreement between the Postmaster- General and the various commissioners, now in the process of nego tiation, wliich will oblige the railway officials to recognise their obligations in the way of the punctual arrival of mail trains. The law at present compels the railways to carry mails, but it docs not fetter the freedom of commissioners as to when mails shall be delivered when once aboard a train. The Commonwealth, the postal officials say, has to pay practically anything the commissioners demand, and can never count on the time tables being observed. At a special meeting of the Tailors and Tailoresses' Union, held at the Trades Hall last evening, it was decided to take advant age of the Commonwealth Arbitration Act by registering under the provisions of that measure. The union also resolved to take the necessary steps to federate with the unions in tihe trade at Sydney and Ade laide. _The,w4wtf-bjythq 1\ aad-.O, .com- pany from the guarantee with regard to its lasears, which enabled the Commonwealth immigration officers to dispense with the parading of all the colored crew before the company's boats left Australia, is to form the subject of litigation. An action is pend ing which, the Prime Minister says, will enable the validity of the company's posi tion to be tested. . ' The captain of the Papuan, the vessel trading with New Guinea which declined to take letters from Cooktown to Port Mores by at poundage rates, has had to pay the penally of his foolishness. The Central Postal Administration received informa- tion yesterday stating- that Mr. Gas- son, the mate and acting captain of the vessel, had been fined £5 and ordered to pay £4 costs by a Queensland court for refusing to take the mails. The question of Sunday labor in the Mel bourne Central Telephone Exchange and other exchanges is to be dealt with by tho Central Postal Administration comprehen sively and "on -broad lines." It is highly probable that in future female as well as malt operators will have to share Sunday duty, and that the regulations designed to lest uic sincerity oi muse wuu cimiiji w have "conscientious" objections to Sunday work will be strictly enforced. Mr. R. T. Scott appears inclined to the view that sonic public servants had their consciences affected by the question of extra pay for Sunday work, and that others would find it hard to reconcile a Sunday spent in plea sure going with the application of Sab batarian principles to Sunday work. lie says, however, that the investigation now proceeding is not sufficiently complete for the policy of the department to be an nounced for a few days. Under tho lcgu- lations employes declining duty on Sab batarian grounds have to give notice to their departmental chiefs of their objec tions to Sunday duty. The question of making provision in country mail contracts to prevent excessive hours being imposed on employes by the local contractor is to receive some probing at the hands of the Anti-Sweating League. A case of a boy being worked an excessive stretch of time has been reported from Ballarat, and the Postmaster-General is to be asked to institute inquiries. The Minister for Home Affairs, Mr. L. E. Groom, received yesterday from ' Western Australia the scheme of readjusted Federal electorates devised by the Electoral Com missioner for that State, Mr. Eraser. The scheme has been gazetted in Perth. It only alt-ers two out of the five House of Repre sentative electorates, viz., the Swan and the Fremantle constituencies. The first named, represented -by Sir John Forrest, has been contracted so that it is made to hand over to the Fremantle electorate, repre sented by Mr. Carpenter, the agricultural and market gardening district of Jan- dakot. A significant commentary on the value of the support given by the Commonwealth Government to the application of the Vic torian Government for an obsolete war ship as a training ship for boys is to be found in the fact that, while the Premier wrote asking for the Prime Minister's' assistance on 16th November last, a reply was re ceived from the Commonwealth only a few days before the refusal of the Admiralty reached Mr. Bent. When the letter did come it was merely to ask the exact pur pose for which the vessel was required. A practice which has grown up in the Railway department with regard to the "handling" of traffic in live stock involves such gross cruelty to dumb creatures as to call for action on the part of the Society for the Protection of Animals. Cattle, horses, poultry and domestic animals of various descriptions are at times detained so long at wayside stations that their mute appeals for food or water touch even the toughened susceptibilities of officials long accustomed to such barbarism;' The worst instances occur at connecting siatiohs where, one section of' the " journey being completed, tlie living freight has to await the despatch of a train over the remaining section— a contingency which may even tuate in a couple of days. The shocking in humanity which the system involves calls for speedy -amendment of the regulations. Live-stock should not be received except at such hours as will ensure its delivery with out any unnecessary long break of journey, and the department i3 not justified in per mitting cruelties which at times are so glar ing that residents in the vicinity have taken pity on the unfortunate animals— about the only class of passengers from which no complaint is heard — and provided them with food and water. A conference of municipalities interested in the Cobban water supply system, held at Bendigo on Saturday, passed a series of resolutions, one oi wmcii um.uui uun continued pollution of the catchment area was a public scandal. Commenting on this yesterday, tho Secretary for Water Supply, Mr. W. RT Anderson, said that every time there had been a complaint the water had been analysed and found to be good. It was found that in some instances the water had become discolored between the main and the tap owing to defective fittings, which should have been kept in order by the owners. The Minister of Water Sup ply also states that the analyses of the water have always proved 'satisfactory, lie admits that it is unfortunate that Lauris- ton and its dairy farms are so close to the source of supply, but there is no practical remedy. To buy out the township and farms would cost perhaps £100,000, and that was out of the question. For something over a week the firm of D. and R. Buchanan and Brock, of Yarra- bank, have been busily engaged in repair ing the steamer Winfield, which lately ran aground at Altona Bay. The firm secured the contract for the work at rates which are expected to work out at a total of £2600. As the vessel was very exten sively damaged, 27 steel plates having to be replaced and a large number of frames, besides making good injuries to the keel, 120 men have had to be engaged, who are working three shifts night and day in order to get tho job finished in the time allowed, namely, twelve days from starting. One day last week an unfortunate accident hap pened. A man named Benjamin Benard, in lowering some stool jilates, overbalanced himself and fell from the surface to the bottom of Duke's Dock, wlicre the Win- field lies, sustaining severe injuries. He is now in the Melbourne Hospital. Ab part of the preparatory work in re gard to the erection of the new central station two cranes, fitted with the latest improvements, are being specially imported from Messrs. Butters Bros., of Glasgow. One of these has just arrived by the steamer Telamon. The cranes ordered have a 35 feet jib, and can operate within a 20 feet radius. They are capable of lift ing four tons weight of material at a time. In view of the early completion of the St. Hilda to Brighton electric railway, some inquiries have been made by the re presentatives of land holders along' the route of the line as to what the fares arc to be. It has been repeatedly announced, and was reaffirmed only yesterday, that the Government hopes to recoup its entire ex penditure, if possible, on the reclamation works at the Elwood Swamp by the sale of reclaimed allotments. Both the prospec tive purchasers of these and existing laud owners desire to know what it is going to cost to get to and fro by the electric rail way. The current idea is that through tickets will be issued from Flinders-street to fixed stopping places on the line, and that return tickets will also be purchasable at a scale of fares graduated in accordance with the rates charged for distances on the Melbourne to St. Hilda track; but a ques tion put to the departmental officials has elicited the non-committal information that "the matter has not yet been considered." Mr. Kernot expects to finish the construc tion of the railway in a veij; few days. The balance of the rolling stock required is believed to be on the point of arrival, and ia&d; ealea fif-contiguous properties pre 'm talked about. Surely the question of fares ought to bo settled definitely. As the Commissioners are known to have been op posed to the making of the railway, and. have reiterated that it will not pay, certain people are nervous lest they should charge arbitrary fares, such as the Tramway Com pany charges, and decline to issue season tickets, in which case the public of St. Hilda and Brighton will be grievously dis appointed, the railway woiild not -be so generally useful, and investors in land at Elwood would find tliey had not made such desirable bargains as now seem pos sible to be made. Owing to a remarkable oversight, the streets in the town of Brighton have not been gazetted in the usual way as public thoroughfares, and a legal authority has stated that it will take two years to remedy the omission. A consequence is that the surface cannot be interfered with without risk of an action for damages. No such action has been brought as yet, but it is al ways held in view. When the Metropoli tan Board of Works desires to open a road at Brighton for any purpose, it invariably asks to be indemnified against actions for trespass, and this indemnity is given by the council as a matter of course. But it is the constant practice of the board when sending forward the deed of indemnity to be executed accordingly, to include in the document such a list of matters on which it seeks immunity from risks that it would appear in no circumstances, when the deed is signed, could the board come to trouble. Cr. Wcignll, at the last meeting of the Brighton council, strongly objected to giving the board, in this left-handed manner, an indemnity which would permit it to leave open sewers unprotected, or to leave barricades in the streets unlighted at nights, or be guilty of all kinds of careless ness, at the risk of the Brighton council. There was, he said, no -reason why council lors should do it, and only an indemnity against actions for trespass had been prom ised. Tho protest was, however, dis regarded. A vigorous answer is given by the secre tary of tho Central Postal Administration postal officials who have not received in crements this year. Mr. Scott explains that when the estimates of increments came in from the Victorian Deputy Post master-General they were submitted first to the Postmaster-General of the late Go vernment, who slightly reduced them. Later they were considerably reduced by the then Treasurer, Sir George Turner, who felt that Parliament was more likely to grant a moderate increase in the salary list than the original proposals. As to the innuendo conveyed in the intimation that the Central Administration staff received its increments whilst others did not, Mr. Scott, said: — "A good many of the central 6taff had no increments the previous year. Besides, they are doing specially respon sible and very heavy administrative work." Dealing with the general question, Mr; Scott said there was no statutory right to increments as apart from merit. "All that lilC liVW UOtfSj JiC. 5<LH1) la to IQ<Uj.6 lilCll eligible for increments, Whether they can get them depends on a variety of circum stances." The matter of the agreement made in 1903 between Mr. A. E. Morgans, of Wes tern Australia, and the Essendon and Flein- ington and Kensington councils, whereby Mr. Morgans undertook for certain conces sions to construct an electric tramway and furnish electricity for lighting and power, came before the City Council yesterday. Since the original contract had been signed the councils named have become merged in the Hopctoun ward of Melbourne city, and Mr. Morgans had found it necessary to transfer his concessions to an English company. In December letters were writ- ton to the Citv Council ronuestinc that the corporate seal might be affixed so as to ratify the agreement and facilitate the per formance .of the contract; but, -(hese jetters. never having been read in open council Alderman Snowden yesterday requested permission to have the letters read, , and virtually charged the Town. Clerk with having held them back. The Town Clerk explained that before he could place the matter lucidly before the legislative committee it had been necessary to make liimseif ac quainted with the altered circumstances whereby Mr. Morgans had been authorised by the councils named to delegate his option to a company, and that the matter having been placed before the council's soli citor, the opinion had been given that there was absolutely nothing in the way of the contract being fulfilled but the seal of the Melbourne City Corporation. On the mo tion of Alderman Snowden the matter was referred to a committee of the whole coun cil for consideration and report. The next meeting- of the council will probably see the corporate seal affixed and all impedimenta to the progress of the arrangements swept aside, for it is plainly the -wish of the whole council to facilitate the work. Judgment was given in the High Court yesterday in an appeal trom the Victorian Full Court, relating to the payment of pro bate duty. The case was that of the King v. Frances Mary Allieck, administratrix oi the late James Philip M'Pherson, who died on 23rd August, 1891, intestate. On 17th September, . 1892, administration was granted to his widow, who subsequently be came Mrs. Affleck. The total amount of the estate was estimated at £29,731, and duty was paid on that sum. At the time of tes tator's death he was entitled to a third share in the estate of his father, which the court fixed at £5904. This sum was paid to the administratrix, but it was not disclosed by her in. the statement furnished to the Master in Equity when she sought to obtain administration. A demand was made by the Crown for £593 as duty, which ad ministratrix refused to pay, and she now appealed against the decision of the Full Court, which was in favor of the Crown. Sir Samuel Griffith delivered the judgment of the High Court, which was to the effect that the question of payment of duty could not now be reopened. The judgment of the court below was therefore reversed, the question of costs being reserved. In sentencing three prisoners at the Gen eral Sessions yesterday, Judge Johnston commented on the fact that they were old offenders, and that apparently long terms of imprisonment had had no deterrent ef fect on them. The men were James Nichol, Robert Ileaton and Charles Stevens, who were dharged, the first two with breaking and entering a dwelling house, and the last- named wibh burglary. "You have all three bad records," his Honor remarked, "and as I have said previously during the course of these sessions it seems to savor of cruelty to commit persons to prison year after year. To my mind all of you would he fit SUDJGCbS lor Mie iiiupusuu uiutviiCiiiiiiiaLv sentence under whidh prisoners could be put in a place of the nature of an asylum and not be let one until they iiau given rea sonable proof of their reformation. I look forward with hope to the inauguration of such a method of administering justice. Judges would then be able to order the re moval of prisontrs for very long terms without fear of inflicting cruelty as at pre sent; and honest men and women would be freed from the contamination of such per sons." Each of the prisoners was then sen tenced to seven years' hard labor. At the General Sessions yesterday, Michael M'Grath, otherwise M Donald, ap pealed against a conviction by the Rich mond 'bench of magistrates who had found him guilty of attempted robbery. After hearing the evidence Judge Johnston form ed the opinion that there was an element of doubt in the case and quashed the con- viction. Messrs Purchas and Teague, architects, write :-"In 'The Age' 'of last Friday you publish a statement headed The Building Trade in which, although no names are mentioned, it .is evident that we are the architects referred to. The facts are that our Mr Guyon Purchas, in his recent tra vels in America, saw many forms of con struction which he considered would be more efficient and less expensive than those usually adopted here. In order to obtain definite information as to the cost of adopt ing the most suitable of these methods in the work under discussion, we prepared drawings and obtained quotations for sup plying the steel required to carry out these improved methods. With these points settled we were able to complete our esti mates of the proposed buildings. We nlaccd these estimates before our clients, who, on our advice, accepted the best offer for the supply of steel, and instructed us to com plete our plans for the . general building work and then call for tenders. As the draftsman's and other work in completing SverahAres .betoewe k these tenders before our clidnls, but as we had eliminated all elements of doubt before calling for tenders the lowest tender came within our cstiihate, and consequently we were instructed to accept it, and the work of erection was begun forthwith. In the meantime the order for the steel had gone by cable to England, at least six weeks earlier than it could have been sent had we included the supply of the steel in the general contract. With these facts before you, you will see that there is no justifica tion for the allegation that the contractor had to 'cease operations simply because the architects made their own arrangements for dealing with the steel work, instead of leaving it to the contractor.' The saving effected amounted to several thousands of (JU1U1US. At a meeting held in the Archbishop's library last evening, Archbishop Carr pre siding, final arrangements were made for the Irish National Concert on St. Patrick's night. The programme as submitted by the musical committee was adopted. At the re quest of the committee the Archbishop con sented to deliver a short address at the in terval. The proceeds of the concert will be donated to the Foundling Hospital, at Broadmeadows. The final matinee of Mr. William Ander son's attractive pantomime of Sindbad the Sailor will be given at the Princess's Theatre to-morrow afternoon, commencing of 1 I. PU .. :n I ,b »" j.iiu win leave oy special train for Adelaide on Saturday morning next. The Colosseum, Prahran. announces that it is holding its winter show to-day. A meeting of all those in sympathy with tha licensed victuallers' alms homes picnic has been called for to-night, at 77 Swanston-strcet. Grocers' Licence is to be the subject of an ad dress to be delivered in the Temperance Hall to- night by Mr. E. J. F. King. Mr. E. Pritchard preside. A public meeting will be held in the Deaf and Dumb Building, Flinders-street cast, this evening at 8 o'clock, when an address will be given on The Care of the Deaf Mutes. TTic Premier will preside. Public invited. Messrs. iluddart, Parker and Co. notify that to- day the llygeia will make a popular cheap trip tc Qucenscliff and Sorrento, leaving- Port Mel bourne railway pier at 10.30 a.m. To-morrow pas sengers by the Excelsior, leaving Queen's Wharf at 3 p.m., can return from PorLUMngf V5 w the Courier, due back at about 7 p.nvJ To-day's auction sales comprise the folio, k;,:— . M'Chire, Vakmtinc and Co., at corner Mrirote and ' Alfred streets. North Melbourne, at 11, groceries, oilmen's stores, horse, cart, harness. Campbell and Sons, at Kirk's Bazaar, at 1.30, horses and ' poniy. Gemmell, Tuckett and Co., nt Wheatland, road, Malvern, at 11, piano, furniture, Patterson and Sons, at rooms. Collins-street, at 2.30, hotel properties. Thos. E. Crisp, at Lothian-street, North Melbourne, at 1, piano, furniture. Baylee and Co. and Lyons and' Co., a t rooms, Collins- street, at 11, piano, furniture. H. D. Westley, at Glcnferrie-noad, Hawthorn, at 12, furniture, piano, harmonium. Dalgety and Co.- Ltd., at rooms, Bourke-strcet, at 11.45, grain. Charles Forrester and Co., at rooms, Qucen-streot, at 11 — Sewerage requisites, sanitary fittings, eecondEiand cream se parators, gas and kerosene engines, IJnhcwk tes ter. Adamson, Strettle and Co., at Thomas- town, at 1, dairy, cattle, horses, implements. » Glover, Oni.ms and Co., at warehouses, King- - street, at 11, grain. Thos. G. L. Scott, at rooms, Chapel-strcet, Prahran, at 2, furniture, sewing machines, garden manures. W. E. Wells and Son, at rooms, Clarendon-Street, South Melbourne, at 2, harmonium, furniture, B. Ellis, at Errol- street, North Melbourne, at 2, furniture, mangle, sowing machines. Chas. Adnma, at rooms, Drum- mood-street. Carlton, at 2, furniture, sewing ma chine, bicycle. 