| DAIRY JOTTINGS. I i lac-s a large quantity of feed to I ni;,Kc a large quantity of milk. The time I 8-l attention necessary to properly care I for rows Is about the same with the best I ; ;s wi th the medium or poor ones. | L'GVe is no profit Until the product ob- f is sufficient to pay all expenses. | -if anliness is the first essential in > good butter. The best .cows are reared as calves on the farm. It rarely that a farmer is willing to sell 's 'JPst heifers. Dairymen who depend or, buying their cows must expect to take v.hai i ne breeders do not care to keep. Shcr: experiments have proved to the of experiment station men . at :ne fat contend of milk cannot be c.rtase3 by the kind or quality of feed — the theory bag gtown- around such increase -ffiie Hcnes of milk byf feeding. \- Mr J. S. WeatherheadL manager of the Camperdown butter factory , has been visiting the cream buying factories . In Gippsland for tbfe purpose of inquiring into the working-of the cream gathering system. Camperdown factory has hither to declined to purchase cream, but as several of the largest milk suppliers are willing "to use home separators, it is al most certain that the factory will become purchasers of cream. The New Zealand Dairy Commissioner, Mr Kinsella, does not fear butter com petition from, -the Argentine, which, he says, is largely a beef country, and dairy ing is carried on there in a very primi tive style. , The chief dairy farmers of New Zealand and Australia, he says, can rest at peace for a number of years. They can grow beef in the Argentine so easiiy, and they have such a beautiful climate and excellent grass, that it is very difficult, even with cheap labor, to get the settlers to go in for dairying. Most of the milking, Mr Kinsella says, is done now, not by the Spanish, but by (people who migrated from the southern part of France in the early days. If there is one thing which has brought Denmark to the front as a but ter-producing country it is the adoption of the system of weeding out the cows which are "eating their heads off." The Danish farmers in the early days found that they were putting too many cows on their small sections, and came to the con clusion that they must keep fewer cows and better cows. This system has proved a marvellous success, and spmething of the same description should be tried in Victoria. The Danes formed testing so cieties, each of which comprised so many settlers, owning, say,, 60 or 60 cows. They had a tax of Is per head on each cow, and the Government paid a bonus on this amount to provide a salary for a man to test them. There were 350 of these societies in Denmark, and the re sult of their operations (shown by the increased returns from the herds) would astonish dairymen in the Common wealth. Modern methods of dairying were not introduced into Siberia without friction. In the Altai region the superstitious pea santry spoke of separators as "devils," and laid upon them the blame for a famine that occurred and lasted for three years. Towards the end of the third year the people attacked the creameries, owned principally by Danish immi grants, and when not driven off with firearms carried off the separators, which they threw into the nearest river. Unfortunately, this raid on the separa tors was followed by the end of the famine, and a harvest much better than that of the previous years. This coinci dence confirmed the peasantry in their belief that the separators were of dioboli- cal origin, and strengthened their reso lution to make an end of them. This singular belief has done much to retard the development of dairying in the Altai country. 