v: MELBOURNE LETTER* (From Our Special Correspondent.) The event of the week in the Federal Representatives has been the vigorous and outspoken attack upon the High Court judges by the Tasmanian members^ Messrs, Cameron and M'WillianiS) during the discussion of the -Amended Judiciary Bill, Members of the House, as well as the outside public, have had. more than u suspicion that this measure is only an other of those 'Bills for Billets' which disgrace the Legislature; but it remain ed for Mr. Cameron to voice those sus picions in unequivocal manner. He com plained that, instead of merit being 4,h& stepping stone to a seat on the Federal Judiciary, the bench seemed to be made a refuge for politicians — he might have said political dead-beats. Two out of three fudges, he proceeded, had no prac tical experience of the courts ; they wire politicians first, and lawyers afterwards. The Chief Justice, lie conceded, probably was an able lawyer; but was he an ab!or man than the judges of the States' Su preme Courts, nine out of every ten of whose judgments were reversed on ap peal to the High Court. . Mr. M'Wiliiims supplemented this complaint by asserting that 'all the work of the High Cou--t bench was done by one judge.' And, 1 e added, in reply to the Attorney-General' -?; denial, that there was far too much 'I concur? in the High Court, white the great proportion of the work was done exclusively by Sir Samuel Griffith. An other grievance which Mr. Cameron »n tertains against the Federal judges is the appointment of their eons as associates. 'It is a most improper thing to do,iJ he urged, ''and gives rise to the suspicion that these judges are making use of their position to benefit their relations.' Fi nally, the Tasmanian members thought a grave scandal had been worked by the ad judication of the Federal Judiciary upon the Income Tax case. 'No man can be judge in his own cause,' is an ancient legal maxim laid down by Blackstone and the commentators; and in this instance, the Federal judges who, as civil servants, were affected by their own judgment, should have declined to entertain the ap T-eal, and should have sent it on to the Privy Council in England. In spite of protest the Judiciary Bill was passed through all its stages, and sent on to the Senate. A most useful amendment is al ready foreshadowed in the Upper House. It is that no member of either House of Parliament shall be eligible for appoint ment to the High Court bench, until and unless he shall have vacated his seat in Parliament for two years previously to his appointment. By this means, at all events, we shall avoid what one member described as 'the pitchforkinsc of Minis ters and politicians on to the bench' ? apart from any real claim by sterling merit. ? » ? « ? What are the prospects of Tariff anoma lies' revision before the short session closes? The Commission has concluded the taking of evidence, and has completed four more special reports — making seven in all — and still there is no sign of Min isters moving in the matter. The same old familiar plea of 'the convenience of mem bers' is offered by Mr. Deakin each time he is questioned ; and to this he has now added the excuse that 'sufficient legisla tive work must be provided for the other Chamber,' whilst the Representatives consider the Tariff Commission's reports. Meanwhile, the work of the lower cham ber increases in volume. The Bounties . Bill, providing for the payment of £500,000, spread over ten years for the encouragement of 'subsidiary industries,' will be proceeded with, under the control of Sir Win. Lyne. The Mail Contracts will ba fully debated, as well as the amendment tabled by Mr. Josiah Thomas ?that the Commonwealth should purchase a mail fleet of its own. The Transcon tinental Railway Survey Bill, which pass ed the second reading during the week by 29 votes to 11. will be wrangled over Budget and Estimates have been passed, the amendments suggested by the Senate in the Anti-Trust Bill and the Judiciary Bill will have to be disposed of. All this has to be completed before the- 15th No vember, at which date it is expected Parliament will be dissolved and mem bers be sent to the country. And Minis . ters will do so, no doubt, 'in the belief that they have,' as Mr. Cook expressed it, 'done their best' to find opportunity for tariff amendment.' Already the Prime Minister, in characteristic fns Mon, is seeking to fool the electors. He declared at Footscray that what he really meant, when he snid at Camperdown the Tariff would be the first business of Par liament, was that it must always be 'th& foremost plank of the protectionist plat form.' Also, that when ho promised con sideration of the Tariff reports 'prompt- lv,' he epoke in a general sense, meaning that they would be considered at the ear liest convenient moment — at 'the con venience of members,' that is. But, of late, the electors refuse to be deceived by these tricks of rhetoric and phrase twisting; the- si ock-in -trade of the poli tical confidence mon is. in short, as well understood as tho 'rich uncle from Fiji' yarn in the humbler walks- of life, e a * - « The Senate after a lengthy adjourn .. * ? roent. hae found sufficient work to occupy its attention in the Eminent Domain ' Bill, and the Anti-Trust Bill. Both measures have giySh rise to keen eriti cism, and eome spirited exchanges. The former measure excited some caustic observations from Sir Josiah Symonj who characterised it as 'a new-fangled Yan kee notion.' If the fate of the Federa tion had hung upon the title to this use less bill the discussion could not have been keener, and it afforded Senators Drake, Clemens, and Pulsford an opp'or- tunity_ for ranging over the whole1 field of municipal and general law in defence of the appellation. Alid the patient Aus tralian taxpayer, we are reminded, has to pay at the rate of £30 per hour for this kind of farcical drivel. The second reading of the Anti-Trust Bill drew from Senator Symon the remark that Ministers were apparently ''preparing the physic for a patient who was non-existent. He denied the need of such drastic legisla tion in a country such as Australia, where the huge monopolistic combines of Ame rica h6d no prototype. The Minister, in replyj instanced the case of the Harvester Trust and its .practice of 'dumping,' de signed to crush the local Australian mak er. 'The Commonwealth proposed to deal with the Miimper,' and to impose heavy penalties if a charge of dumping were proved before a High Court Judge.' Moreover, he claimed that every sign of the times pointed to .the fact, -that within a year of two Australia would be at close grips with the outside Trusts and. Com bines ; and hence this measure was framed and presented on the principle that pre vention is better than cure-. * » * * » A long list of amended Commerce Act regulations, which received the approval of the Federal Executive last Friday, has been made public. The import regula tions do not come into operation for six months, but the export regulations will commence to operate in two months' time. Particular attention is drawn to 'trade descriptions,' more especially of butter (not packed in tins), and to these the at tention of the producers should be care fully directed, Grading is not made com pulsory ; but others of the export condi tions are peculiarly stringent and are likely, it is thought, to create some mis giving and some misapprehension. The regulations will be laid on the table of both Houses of Parliament this week. Ministers, in Cabinet, have been engag ed in discussing the Federal defence scheme outlined by the Imperial Council of Defence ; and the Prime Minister hopes very shortly to disclose to Parliament the intentions of his Government. t The 'scarlet v. khaki' uniform discussion is to be postponed until Parliament has an opportunity of considering the question of ?the Estimates. Ministers, it would ap pear, are anxious to avoid the time wasted each week in the consideration of 'grievances' — usually a number of puer ile conundrums meant onry_ tot 'bait' Ministers. Hence Mr. Deakin will move that the Standing Order under which 'grievances' may be discussed every third Thursday, be suspended during the remainder of the session. The suspension will, doubtless, deprive the O'Malleys and the Malotteys of a little cheap notoriety, but 'even that is worth sacrificing,' says Mr. Glynn, 'when there is so much to do, so little done.' It is possible, too, that members may shortly be asked to extend the length of the sittings for an hour or two each day ; but in this matter Ministers will be guided by the progress made during the next fortnight or three weeks. » . » » * ? 'Compensation' to dispossessed publi cans who have invested their capital and energy in the liquor trade in the belief that the State would deal fairly with their 'vested interests,' is the burden of the complaint against the Bent Go vernment's Licensing Bill. -The law, it is said, has created a monopoly, for the en joyment of which the Executive has fail ed to exact a proper annual charge, and the consequence has been the rise of a class of vested interests which depend en tirely on the mingled forbearance and ne gligence of the people and their adminis trators. If that plea be admitted, then the community has certainly an. equitable obligation to deal fairly and squarely with the honest ' licensed victualler. On the other hand, it is claimed that, accord ing to the strict legal aspect of the mat ter, a liquor license is nothing more than 'a permit withdrawable at plea sure;' that the trade should bear its own burdens, and that the people should not be asked to buy out the 'fictitious capi tal' created and now in tEe hands mostly of the big brewing companies. It is urged, moreover, that the utmost the trade can claim is that Parliament should fix a reasonable 'time limit' beyond which no compensation or compassionate alowance would bo made, the _ existing local option provisions to remain opera tive meanwhile. That .seems to be the position in a nutshell — if we add the dis cussion as to whether the time limit should be fixed at three years, or ten years, or, as a compromise, six years. Ministers have been at some pains to ex plain what the compensation clauses of their measure embrace. The intention apparently is to givo notice that, at the expiration of ten yours (or -is the ense may be) from the passing of tlio statute, no compensation whatever will be paid. Nevertheless, tlie power to close licensed houses within that 7-eriod by tho local option poll wil remain in full force; but in such an event claims for reasonable compensation will bo recognised and paid by the Stato, the increased license fees being set aside for the purpose, and any shortage being made good out of the general revehue. If is understood,, fro©1/ that Parliament will be asked to fix the compensation payments oti & progressively reduced scale^ to be determined by the Legislature. Ministers, in arriving at the time limit and compensation scheme, dis claim any intention to treat harshly the trade which, for good or evilj the people of Victoria havo absolutely made up their minds to control. Nor win they bo bound by the licensing reform^ effected', by sta tute iii New Zealand, New South- Wailes and South Australia: Only in so far as that legislation is likely to prove Just arid advantageous in our somewhat' excep tional Victorian conditions will it b£i s\c capted and embodied iii the Ministerial measure: , «.??». # .' * ? ..? The solid wcirU of tlie State session has at last begun, alter & itiSiith's wearisome and useless drivel over the Address in Reuly, with the launching of a number of minor Ministerial measures— the inno cents.' which will be slaughtered, ai the conclusion of the . sessidiu But. amongst them are two measures, neither of which does credit to Ministerial draftsmanship, and both .of which are .likely to Create considerable discussion. The first is. the Children's Gtaurt Bill, introduced iii obedi ence to the persistent . aiid loiig con tinued popular demand for something ap proaching a rational and hiimarie jnethod of dealing, with .our juvenile oJJender.s. Ministers have1 had before them the scheme adopted with such splendid suc cess in America, arid they have been en abled to study fully the reports of the. working and methods of the United-.States courts and 'probation' system; yet, the measure which embodies the result of their deliberations is wholly incomplete, and in some respects it even more glar ingly than ever dflehds the popular sense of decency and the1 fitness1 of things. It looks as though the task had bee.il per. ? functorily performed by careless Ministers who had. no real ititerst iiit this vital question. Happily, the majority of legis lators are in no mood to be trifled with, and we may depend upon it when the measure comes to be discussed in Parlia ment and in. committee, it will be almost wholly remodelled. The second measure of importance is known as The Improved Small Holdings Bill, designed to e'xtend and assist, the closer' settlement Move ment much after the fashion of the Dan ish system. A Bill, for that purpose was introduced last session, but it tfas killed by hostile criticism, which showed how inadequately Ministers had grasped the salient, features of the European methods. The Victorian measure seemed to aim at centralisation, while the Danish t scheme is based essentially on th© principle of decentralisation. Under it tne small ru ral workers are encouraged to leave the neighborhood of the towns, and to fill up the blank spaces in the rural districts'; and. while owning their holdings, and re ceiving Government aid in turning them to the best account, they are enabled to find additional employment during the busy seasons in their own immediate neighbourhood. Each intending settler finds his own block of land, and on his arranging terms with the owner, he seeks and obtains from the State an advance sufficient to enable him to purchase it. The new Victorian Bill has sought to embody this principle, and it contains in addition eome very useful provisions for training the prospectve holder of the land before handing over to him the ownership of his block.' It is noteworthy, too, as showing the advantage of their system, that the small holdings movement in South Aus tralia and New Zealand many years ago, was successful only in so far as it settled skilled and approved rural workers in lo calities where their labor was most need ed. Power is given in the Ministerial measure to the Government to spend £75,000 a year to carry out this? small holdings scheme. The value of each al lotment will not exceed £150. and build ings, fencing and implements to the value of another £150 will bo provided for tho workers. « « * « « Beyond cavil the proposed invitation to British journalists to visit Australia-, as the guests of the States and the Federa ion, has much to recommend it. And those who at first were inclined to ridi cule the suggestion are now amongst its most earnest advocates1. It is a method of advertising Australia, and of convey ing first-hand to tho British public the ?stupendous resources of our country, which is well worth the outlay entailed,- Not. only will it silence our villainous slander ers at the seat of the Empire, but it \yill at once remove a heap of prejudice which the British people have been led to en tertain against us, owing to the deliberate and picturesque mendacity of the British gutter press. We want immigrants; the sturdy, thrifty, industrious '*? agriculturists who are leaving the homeland, driven out by the blight of British agriculture under freetradc. We want the class which occa sionally touches at our ports on its way to New Zealand — tho very finest 'typo of British immigrant, more than one of whom have told our press interviewers during tho past ten days that they had 'scarce- ly heard of Australia, except in terms of condemnation.' Judicious advertisement and a vigorous and capnble Jtiigh Commis sioner is securing that class for New Zealand at the rate of 150 per week; and an equally zealous Canadian representa tive in London is securing them for, and despatching them to, tho Dominion ? at ten times that rate. And meanwhile Austra lia does nothing — except take its unscru pulous criticism lying down ; or occasion ally, when the heat of party strife has abated, its politicians and alleged 'states- men ' talk wildly of what they are 'go- ing td dV' io encourage immigration. In this matter akm© we have perhaps tho best illustration of tho shameful flaonuce of Australia's highest interest by tho Men with the Slack Jaw who aare tho greatest of all Australian pests, A valu able suggestion, in reference to th© pro posed visit, is made by Mr. Richard Ar thur; the President of the Immigration League. He would like to see the invita tion extended to certain editors from Continental Europe.' It would be ex tremely unwise, he thinks, for us to ig nore the fadt that some of the finest agri culturists in the world han from the north and centre of Europe; and he notes the extreme anxiety of America and Ca nada to secure them. We must not nar row down our views of Australia ae an antipodean home for settlers from the eld land. We should bear in mind that the Anglo-Saxon race has been built up from a mixture of Norsemen, Angles, Frisians, Normans, with a later strain of Hu genots and Dutch. 'Our blood in Aus tralia,' he considers, 'is getting thin, and our nerves hypersensitive. The strain needs stiffening; and there are people in Europe who eouid supply the fibre we are deficient in.' And lio concludes, 'by all means let us bring the majority of these editors from the United Kingdom, but let us invite also one or more irom all the European States.' It is a valuable sug gestion, for it wil} advertise far and wide that Australia has at last awakened from the insane dream of seclusion, and is pre .parecl to welcome every desirable white immigrant who will help us in the^task of empire^building/ ,; * » » ♦- 4 Everything at the- moment points to a large increase in our meat export indus try, both frozen and tinned. The astound ing Chicago revelations may be turned to the highest advantage under wise govern mental administration and assistance. 'It is the opinion of many' says an. Ame rican correspondent, writing to a Mel bourne journal, 'that permanent injury has been done the meat packing interests of America, and if Australia and New Zealand rush heavy supplies abroad it should result in building up permanently a big business.' The hint has already ? been accepted in New Zealand, and Vic toria has not been far behind. Mr. Ta verner, the State Agent-General, has pressed the Government for large supplies of sample tinned meat for exhibition in the chief commercial marts and centres of population in the British Isles; , and these nave-. been, and are being, despatch ed with all convenient speed. Moreover, in consequence of the American horrors, Victorian orders placed in South Africa have been very considerably increased dur ing the past few weeks ; as well also as New Zealand orders, which have been even heavier. In any event, too, we may take it that the South African market will become almost wholly Australasian when the scheme of preference, already hinted at, between Australia, New Zea land and South Africa, shall have been completed and carried into operation, e » - ? » * ? New interest has been awakened in. the oft-discussed and as frequently postponed, legalisation of the totalisator in Victoria. The Flemington horror is the peg upon which many a plea has been hung during the past week; and even the clerics, whose attitude in many cases towards -a legalised 'tote' has been one of uncer tainty, are inclined to reconsider the whole question. The drink question and gambling are discussed side by side, as somewhat analogous, and as requiring something of the same eort of remedy. For evample, hardly anyone expects to secure a total abstinence of the whole population by any legislative enactment, however stringent its provisions; nor, in fact, does it seem desirable that the whole commun ity should become enforced teetotallers. What is required is to regulate the . li quor traffic ; to render abuse of the liquor habit impossible, or extremely remote, l-y proper legal control and supervision. By parity of reasoning, the speculative in stinct of the people which finds its indulg ence in gambling and betting; upon horeo racing, can never be eradicated by statu tory enactment. All history and experi ence is against any such contention. Hence, by analogy, the State should put gambling and betting; under proper legal control and supervision, so as to prevent, as far as possible, any abuse of betting and gambling. And this, ifc is claimed, can be done by legalising the 'tote,' by confining its operations to the racecourse, by limiting the amount of wager to 10/, and by forbidding all wagering by wo men and persons under the age of 18 years. Incidentally, it would make an end of the business of bookmaking — by express statutory provision, if need be, and thus it would rid the community of, or at all events would greatly minimise, the evil associations of the racecourse, such as touts, and spielers, and wolshors, and sealers and the hundred and one other thieves who frequent the place and live by their wits, or the absence of wits in others. And, as usual, the plea winds up with that of Bassanio to tne Doge of Vonice — 'I pray you wrest once the law to your authority; to -lo a right, do a little wronjr.' Wo are told that, 'if timo permits' — an equivocal expression afc best— opportunity may be afforded during tho present State session for tho rpin troduction of t*ho Totalisator Bill by a privato mombor, other than a -Ministerial supporter. ?.-,..' 