BRIEF NOTES. Death announced of Ja.s. A. Bailey, of Cooper and Bailey's circus. Australian apples are selling up to 15/ per case in London, and pears to 9/. For chronic chest^complaints, Wood's Great Peppermint Cure. 1/6. N.S.W. Government have received tenders for supply of 4,000 miles of wire netting. Old lady named Sus*n Fitzpatrick, dropped dead in church at Hamilton' on ounuay. Canon Goodman is about to retire from his duties, after being over 50 years in one parish. Forty-fivo of the starter# at Ascot last woek were fined for arriving la+o at the starting points. Danish butter is selling at 106/ Lo 109, in London, Victorian 96/ to 98/, and New Zealand 100/ to 101/. Miss Willing was run over by a motor car belonging to Mr. R. Harper, M.L.A., at Toorak, and seriously in jured. Band of Greeks made a raid on a vil lage in Macedonia, and massacred 11 families, which composed 60 souls. For bronchial coughs take Woods' Greal Peppermint Cure. 1/6. Licensed victualler was fined £5/5/ for having rum on his premises 3.7 degrees below standard allowed by tho act Mr. E. H. Lascelles states thai botweon 2,000,UOQ and 3,000,000 rabbets were de stroyed on Wingadee station last year* Bill introduced into House of Commons which proposes to prevont tho sale of tobacco to persons under 16 years of age. Boy named Leslie Thomas stepped on r naif at Bondigo, and made a wound in his heel. He was taken to the hospital, *nd died soon after, from lock-jaw. Cockatoos attain a remarkable ago. A bird at Maryborough is over 40 years old and can talk Gaelic. There is one at Ararat 44, and another at Nowbridge 41 years old. V.R.C. committee have allowed, undor rule 33, a match to be run on Wangaratta course on Thursday, 7th June, between maiden horses owned' by J. M'Monigle and W. Carkeek. Mr. Gaunsotf, M.L.A., presonted a petition, containing 705 signatiirqsj to the Premier, praying that tho hours of public servants should be fixed at from 9 a.m. to 4.30 p.m. Barnawartha and Indigo Valley Rabbit Destruction Leaguo have informed tho Board of Public Health that rabbits are being sent away from areas in that dis trict where phosphorus poisoning is boing carried on. Large number of immigrants are being attracted to New Zealand from Groat Britain. Of 112 passengers who arrived in Melbourne lwt woek, 95 werp for New Zealand Some of these' had portion of their fares paid by New Zealand Govern ment. C, 0. Korr, of MaflV.a, was proceeded against at Jindera court for leaving car cases of stock on a public road. The Bench held that the owner was not liable, tho person in charge being the owner within the meaning of the act. Casp | dismissed. While shunting at Nhill, the Adelaide express dashed into a cab that was cross- ! ing the line. The driver was hurled clear of thG rails, but Mr. E. Thurston, a com mercial traveller, was killed. His legs were almost amputated, several ribs were fractured, and lie sustained ab^asjouu or\ the head. The horses escaped uninjured. Good ior Youth and Oi.q Ac.t.— nington's Iruh Moss is a medicine adapted for young nnd old. It never tails to cure - CQlds, biOtwhitis. mfl. ? ? ? \- ? olc# (Wee that you I get iionuiDgiou'3,— Advk, 