VICTORIAN GOSSIP. (From Our Own Correspondent.) M31LBOIURNE, Wednesday. Like the Frend:, tMLelbourne people a-re nothing if they ito not enjoy to the very utmost the various holidays that trans pire 'throughout the year, prolific as these are. Thus, since closing for the Christmas holiday,, until the actual ad vent of the New Year, business has vir tually been at at andsitill. many of the leading merchants not even lmaking the pretence of openlling their warehouses. To-day, however, the city assumed its normal state, and things are already in "full swing." Best of all, too, from- all quarters onrehears that ltii prospects are rose-tinted, it being anticip ated that the productions in lany case- will beI phenomnenal. The grain season 1904-1905. aIlthough yielding less than the previou- year, as aL record, stands out as the second best ever experienced, yielling 75,000.000 bushels of cereals, against the record year's -returns of 105,000,000 bushels. Anti it is satisfactory 'to note that although the yield wws smaller in the past year. prices ruled higher. The statistics quoted above, it is unnecessary to add, apply to thle Commonwealth grain season. Vie torin, however, shows exceedingly well in the gross returns. The Premier is preparing for "closer settlement" a comprellensive report on the land question for considera.tion -by the Cabinet. IHe thinks that :t broad. wide policy oai this subject 'will be needed next session, and after the holidays the sub-committee of tmhe Cabinet, appointed to 'find land for settlement, will be asked to sit continuously. There is, Mir. Bent says, "a tendency to increase the size of his holding by lhe -farmer, instead of re ducing it, unul it will be necessary for the Crown to regain a considerable quan tity of land that olas been leased, etc." Mr-. Boen's report w?ill embody his obser vations during his recent trip to the wheat-growing districts, and. lhe will also bring before the Cabinet what is known as the Chaffey concession, consisting of a considerable area of land near fildura. tArchbishop Olarke and 3Irs. Clarke will pay a holiday visit .to New Zealand. It is anticipated thalt they will stare about the 10th inst., and be absent for a period of six weeks. The Dean of Mel. bourne (Dr. Vance) will 'act as adminis tmetor of tbhe diocese in the interval. The opening cere-mony of the A.N.A. Exhibition of Australian iManufactures and Products, to be held in the Exhibi tion -Building, (felbourne, will be per formed by the Governor- General, Lord NortTicote, on Saturday, the 27th inst. It hds been decided to arouse the inte rest of 'the ladies by holding competitions in ;fancy work, divided into four different classes, for prizes anmounting to £,10. A band con-test for bona fide bands is also announced. . peculiar death occurred at Albert Park -on Tuesday. A Mrs. Sparks fell upon the jagged edge of a 'kerosene tili, and bled to death from the wound in flicted. The coronial enquiry resulted in the finding of a verdict of accidental death. TIhe subjoined emplhatic statement should set at rest the controversy dleard on a.ll sides 'for some time past 'that Sir George Turner, ex;Treasurer, wvas re cently offered liy the present Prime Min ister first .the High Commissionership and snubsequently the execution of a special financial mission to London in connection with the state debts problem. Sir George Turner himsel·f, lowever, denies that There .was any direct or oflicial offer. Long ago, he said, there had been con versations, but notaling recent, or in con nection with the High Commissionership Bill. As for the special muission to Lon don, that wa·s an old m?atter, which had been discussed years ago, and was re vived at the Hobart conference Inst Feb ruary. Ira any case, he had made it plain that lie could not go. Sir George Turner's own nomination for the High Commissionership is t?he Prime Minister, Mr. Deakin. The three days' interstate cricket mamtch, Victoria v. New South Wales, was a matter of obsorbing interest to a large section of the holiday-making public, and it being typical summer weather, the spectators averaged close upon 10,000 daily. Despite the fact that the visitors won by an innings and 253 runs, no jeal ousy was shown ,whatsoever, Noble, who .made the magnificent score of 281 runs, receiving quite cai ovation. J. R. IM. Mackay (New South Wales), almost a tyro at the game, being but 24 years of age, caused universal surprise among the "knoii wing ones." 'lie -made 194 runs. W. J. Jones, the well-known HI- twthorn cricketer, rimarked, "M-ore perfect cric ket I never saw, not one single chance did lie give his opponents. That is the coming phenoen on." He is a bright, un assuming young fellow, and took his lionours very meekly. -Adopting precisely the method of Sir Samuel Gillott, Sir Malcolm 'tl' Iactharn, although absent from Melbourne, for warded his customa.ry Christmnas domn tions to the chllurches, i.e., I-r-. W. W. Gudgeon, his finhncianl agent, received a communie?tion framn him directing -that a simnilar donation to thalmt made last year slhultd be distributed by the editor of the "Age." The cheque donated is for £200, tSie Ihospitals being -the principal beneficiary institutions. An instance of the "faeking" of Aus .tmlian butter is giveni by the Agenrt Genleral in a report to .the Premier. Writ-ing on 24th November, Mr. Taverner stated that thie health authorities, in examininlg certain butter, discovered in a Qaueensland box bearing the Govern mnent stanmp of that state butter which had beei "fakled" by thie introduction ot foreign fats and which was intended for saId as Ipure butter. The Agents-General, hIr. Taverner stated, hadl arranged for counsel to wateh the prosecution, and also for thie takinrg of a special repolrt of the evidence, as it would pr bably be of value to the producing industry of Aus tralia. It has been suggested to the Premier mnore than once that another great ex. hibition should be held in Melbourne. ilitherto Mr. Bent has declined to ex. press an opinion on the project, pro or con. On Thulmrsday he r:ote, hoi-ever, to the Chamlber of Commerce, and the Cluhasber of hlIanufacturers, asking for an impression of their views. The matter ,will probably be ionsideored by the Cabi net to-day. MIr. R. B. Leviomn, the son of hIh. Le vien, IrLL.A., has been appointed Conl inercial Agent for Japan and the East at a salary of £7fi0 a year and trave, ling oxpenoes. Hoe aill ail for his new sphn'e of.d.ty in about six months froml date, The Commercial Travellers' As sociation of Victoria do not take kindly -to ?tis appointminmt, a strong protest appearing in this morning's' press. IWriting from Lond-on. Mr. Taverner has infor.med the Premier thut the vari ous grocers' assoCeiations have prelpared a question to be ,put to candidates asi ing whether they will support the ap poiertment bf a clect comnmittee of the 'House of Comnollns to enquire into tihe various forms of thie adulteration of linut tar. fIe adns tlet great attelntion Ihs been paid to a pamphlet issued by l1r. G. T. Wall. a director of several large companies which handle dairy produto. ill nhich hlie describes luhe processes of manipulatintg butter and tlo profits which result. The Dannish Governmenu t hus pase,'l a li dealing with the manu facture of muargarilne, and providing for slho addition to all margarine of some substanae by which its presence in but. -ss4bgjt ib~Co~l~~elyppl~;~~~U ing members of Parliament," says the Agent-General, "'I have been afforded an opportunity of strongly urging that si milar legislation to that of the Danish.' Government will have to be passed in England in order to give protection for the eolunters as nvell as to the exporters of pure hbtter." During thae asbi-nce from Australia of Sir John Forrest, the Prime Ministor will act as Federal Treasurer. It is ex pected that Mr. 'I'. 'Ewing will be Act. ing Postnnaster-General when 3M1. Chan mIse leaves to attend the laternational Postal ConvecIi tion. Another of "'r. Dent's nmany reminis cencie is amusing. "I only'tried to re lc t land once imyself." said he; "'and I nev\er tried :gain. It was years and 'year agl, and I. thought ot going to Chri.tmas hill;, where I was told by A,- ,,l t B \uild be itealthy ifur isy wife. I applied for a 'block, and there W.-as anltlher applicaunt. The other one appeared before the board dressed like a poor struggling labourer. I was re Tfuitd because I \\\\-i tllu rich inan-and lthe poor mian got it. Then 1 found that the poor man was a brother of " (mentioning a well-known wealthy, man), "and was dressed for the occa sion. Ile ollffere to let me have the block for S:25, but I told him-never mind what." During a disturbance at Massie's Hotel, Wellington-street, Collingwood,. on Fri day evening, the landlord (Edgar George Dove, 33 years of age) drew a revolver. and shct at his wife, Johanna Dove; but fortunately missed her, avd woun ded i a man named Philip Orenrett in lthe hand, who swa.- ende'avouring to wrest the weapon from him. Hie was clhalged at the Collingwood IPolice Court with having shot t at his wife, Johanna Dove, 'with inteint to murder. and with having maliciously wounded Philip Gran rett with a revolver. The arrestilng constable deposed to these facts, and said, "Mrs. Dove askedl nie to arres, her 'husband." The 'wife immediately replied, 'O?y 'husband dlidt not attemmit 'to shoot me," and solicited the mais trates to allow hail. This was re fused, however, and accused remanded till '1thursdsay. The hearts of the old inmate, at the Benevolent Asylum were Iade glad on Now Year's Day by a great feast. Al together iSO people sat down to din ner, and in addition to the good things no less ,than 170 puddings were eaten. Salch inmate was supplied with a pint of ale. fin the evening a, concert was given in the large dining bhall. Lady "Wrixon antd Miss 'Vrixon gare a dinner on News Year's Day to the in. mantes of the 'lorme for the Aged and lnfirm, formerly the Immigrants' H-ome. Their kindness was much appreciated, and the old people expressed ,themselves thoroughly satislied wita their entertain ment, and .their gratitude to the enier klainers. . A lovely blue sky, with a delightfully cool 'breeze, 'which continued througih out the day. condbined to mlake yester day an ideal holiday. The railwar re turns show a considerable increase in the returls over last year, and all the centres of attraction were visited by large numbers of holiday makers. Ill tile evening the theatres and other pla ces of amuselnient were crowded. Prince's Court, Prince's Bridge, with its semi American entertainment, has proved a great source of pleasure to the M3el 'bourne public; the spacious grounds and various shorws being nightly .rowded., Since the commencement of the season in October last its popularity has never wavered, and the shareholders will ob 'viously reap a nice little ha-rvest in divi., (lends, as tle costs of running are noU abnormal. .?Archbishop Carr and Dr. Higgins, B'ishop of lallarat, left IMelbourne on a holiday trip to 'ew Zealand. They, will catch the steamer 1Wailkare at Syd -ny, -and will probably hbe absent from Victoria for about I montlih. A well'known resident of Narre War rcn, Mr. Trhomas Woodley. died some. 'what suddenly. dMr. Woodley went ta Melboursne on 'Monday. and in comnpany with friends attonded tihe interstate cric. ket match. Tie returned holne by train in the evening, and, feeling unwell dur ing the night, Dr. Bonnie, of Berwick, was summoned at on early hour on Tuesday morning, but death occurredf shortly before 9 a.m. It is stated that Mr. Woodley partook of a meat pre after leaving the Cricket Ground, and that the pie caused ptomaine poison ing,' which, ,with a. subsequent sharp at tack of peritonitis, wns the cause of deateh. The funeral of the late Mir. Chris tian Hansen, of the firm of Iansen and Rohs, of ,Bath Corner, took place on Tuesday. The Rev. F. Leypoldt, pas htor of 'the German Lutheran Ohurch; of ficiated at 'the grave in the Bendigo Ce met:rly. 'A notenvorthy feature in con stection witih the fune·ral swas the fact that the colffin had been made to the prder of 'Mr. H'Iansen 2G years ago. It wal of particular pattern, and deceased was apparently so vell pleased withl it tlhat hlie used' to invite his friends to walk down to the esta.blishment of Mr. Oak:ey, tilhe lndesrtaker, to look at it. leceaced, 'who was a native of l)eiirnsark, was 6G yrears old at death, arnd arrived in ''ictoria about 50li years ago. 