TOPICS. V ; I hrmt&g.;|jtUi grain crop is now .pro ding*ajiidJ!y, and while the returns tip to datebave been fairly satisfactory, ihey have not quite come up to the expectations of a few 'weeks ago where wheat is concerned. Generally spealring thewheatyields are less than the appearance of the crops indicated, and the sample of grain is uneven. It is probable, however, that both yield and quality may improve as the" harvest pro gresses. On the other hand, the oat crops are turning out splendidly, and a large sur plus over local requirements seems assured. A considerable quantity of hay has been saved/ and is now stacked, but much of it suffered from the weather and has been more or les discoloured. Grass still remains green in most districts, and as a result the dairying eeaeon is going to be a record one. Shearing in now drawing to a close, and the wool clip is known to be an excellent one as regards quality and length of staple. - Instructions were given by the Closer Settlement Board on Dec. 6 that the sur vey of the Phoenix Estate, Brunswick, re cently purchased from the Fitzgibbon Es tate, into workmen's blocks be proceeded With. Dr. Cobb, formerly connected with the Department of Agriculture in New South Wales, has been appointed to take charge of the .new division of agricultural tech nology in the United States. One of his principal duties will be the grading of Ameri can wheat. Several months ago it was announced that the Minister for Lands had been authorised by the Cabinet to insert a provision in all sales of Crown lands that the Governor in Council should reserve the right to resume at any time, for any purpose, the whole or any part of the land sold at the same rate as was paid for it, with provision for payment also for all improvements put upon the ground. The provision is now being in serted in all Crown land sales. The object is to protect the Crown in future from heavy charges for land which may have to ted be resumed for public purposes a't any time. Now that the proposition of the Go vernment to provide an expenditure of £200,000 for the improvement of Crown lands has been approved of by the Cabinet, the Premier (Mr. Bent) is losing no time in making preparations for carrying out the work. The work will be done in vari ous parts of the state, where there are Crown lands which can be opened up for settlement, and the surveyor-general (Mr. Beid) lias been instructed to report what works should be carried out. Mr. Bent is also taking steps towards securing the resumption of The Heart Estate, near Sale. Instructions have-been given with a view to submitting a resolution to Parliament in favour of the acquisition of the estate. Tenders have been received by the Water Supply department for the excavation of 24 miles or the main _ eastern channel in the Deakin-Waranga district, commencing from a point three miles north from Rushwortb. and ending near the southern boundary of the Wyuna Estate. The work was divided into five contracts, covering lengths from three and three-quarter.jniles tofive and a quarter miles, and representing from 90,000 to 129,000 cubic yards of excavation. The lowest tenders were:—Contract No. 1, T. N. Flight. Camberwell, £7,822/10/; No. 2, T. N. Flight, £6,924/15/; No. 3, T. N. Flight, £5,559/15/; No. 4, T. N. Flight, £5,979/15/; No. 5, Stanley Weekley, East Murchison, £5,049. The total amount of the lowest tenders is £31,335/15/. Objection is taken by lumpers and others to the size of bags used for holding wheat, and a deputation from the Trades hall Council. Millers' Employes' Associa tion, stevedores* labourers and wharf labourers interviewed the Premier (Mr. Bent), with a view to obtaining legislation on the subject. It was stated that in some cases as much as 3401b. was contained in the bag, and the deputa tion asked that a limit of 2001b. should be fixed by law. Mr. Bent said he agreed that 2001b. was enough for any man to carry. He found that, allowing 3lb. for the bag, making 2031b. in all, then 11 bags would be almost exactly a ton. He would be pre pared to bring in a bill, or have one pre pared, and leave on record, should he not be in office, his opinion that legislation should be brought in limiting the size of bags to a capacity of holding 2001b., of wheat in future seasons. A system of surprise butter competitions which have been conducted by the Depart ment of Agriculture in Ireland during the past three years, has been brought under the notice of the Premier (Mr. Bent) by the Agent-General (Mr. Taverner) as one that might be useful in connection with tbe dairy ing industry in this state. , The department on some day, of which no previous notice is given, sends telegrams to the different fac tories in Ireland for exhibits of butter, which must be despatched the same after noon." No special preparations can be made, and the exhibits represent the ordinaiy com mercial butter shipped -to the British mar ket, and npt show butter made from speci ally-selected cream, churned under special conditions. Tbe butter is stored in Dublin, so that any defects may develope, and is judged by one Irish buyer and three British buyers, the result beiiig decided by points. The creamery managers are invited after tbe prizes are awarded to discusB the defects and improvements in the samples shown. It is' thought that the uncertainty of the time when they will be called upon to for ward their*exhibits acts as a stimulus to greater sustained efficiency. Alreidy it is becoming evident that the agricultural abort-course classes, arranged by'tbe Department of Agriculture will be a greater success next year than even this yeat,;which haa the best record since tbe were et&rted; in 1902. Daring the ptpsenb year the classes were attended by ovahl^ studet) iti the 47 centra in wlntCtb&JfcipP; and, already applies OS havp heeu Jreceived from20 districts i^cllamee shall arranged for tbe coming year,n4tto prowWe that the first will be held at Ballarat, beginning on February 3, 1 as many inquiries have already been deTft will lie advisable for any district ~*Jring to emablieh a class fo mute early application. -An attendance of 60 students " the course wu tobe guaranteed before uu/ application canbp granted. The course extends over a fortnigpt, and during that timfi ths studentr receive instruction from the departoentelto poultiy-keepi^, wool-classing, cultivation, drnmng, veterf iS^Ssfii^en to "poultry, wool classing, and veterinary wpric,part by' young farmers, ws® k&s; eeeking lnfOr-j mation about m treatment of,stock, tie ] methods of puttmg products on the marlcefc| idipn,. "" 1 * in the beat condition, and the;value of add-] ing to their sources of revenue. Maiden Brothers, special property sales men, Moore-street, Sydney, advertiser in this issue seveml choice. New South Wales properties for sale, and intending buyers would do well to get in touch with the firm. * In the orchards throughout Sutton Grange and the Harcourt district the effects of the very severe winter and spring are very evident. Apricots and cherry trees have been killed by the hun dred, and in some instances apple trees have also suffered, pears and plums being the only trees not showing signs of injury. The second subdivisions! sale of the Wharparilla Station has taken place. Twelve blocks, , covering an area of 3,858 acres, were submitted to auc tion, and -the balance of the subdivision was withdrawn for private sale, without going to the hammer, TVo thousand two hundred and eighty acres in all were dis posed of. \ The president of the Council of Agricul tural Education (Mr. Langdon) has re ceived from the jprivate secretary .to His Excellency the Governor-General a letter expressing Lord Nortbcote's appreciation of the arrangements made for his visits to Dookie College, and the reception accorded to him there. It states that His Excel lency was much impressed with all he saw at the college. At a meeting of the Closer Settlement Board on* December fi negotiations were completed with Mr. Farquhar hl'Donald for the purchase of a .property of his at Pirron Yallock, on the Warrnambool line, about twelve miles from' Colac. The property contains an area of 1,000 acres, but the land is said to be of very' good quality, so that it can be cut up into small holdings for settlers. Applications for several appointments were under the consideration of the Council of Agricultural Education on Dec. 6. For the position of farm superintendent the list of applicants was reduced to three, for that of superintendent of. live stock to six, and for that of dairy instructor to two. These candidates will bo notified, and will be re quested to meet the members of the council at the Agricultural department on Tuesday morning next. The Oakwood Pastoral Company, Mel bourne, have sold their Oakwood Sta tion, on the Ward River, Charleville, toge ther with 86,000 sheep, lambs, cattle, horses, and plant, the purchagers bein-j Messrs. J. W. Dowling, G. W. Peyton, and Ivor Pey ton. The price Was £70,000. Listowel Downs, close to .Oakwood, was recently sold, witb 58,000 sheep and 300 cattle and horses. The price paid was £58,000, and the purchaser was Mr. Corbold O'Brien. So far as can be learned, the director of Agriculture slates there is not more than the usual amount of flag smut in the wheat crops this year. A few paddocks near Yarrawonga appear, from the reports that have been received by the department, to be the most seriously affected, but generally speaking this pest is not very much in evi dence. Owing to the excessively wet win ter in some places, it seems that more damage is being done by take-all than is usually the case. There are in the possession of the Water Commissioners about twenty small blocks of laud, of an. aggregate area of 1,000 acres, which constitute "remnants" of properties the greater part of which have been utilised for irrigation purposes.. By a bill called the Waterworks Land Sales Bill, brought into the Legislative Assembly by Mr. Swinburne, it was sought to' obtain authority to sell these and similar areas which might in future be left on the hands of the commissioners, either by auction or to the Closer Settlement Board. The bill was passed. The Closer Settlement Act Amendment Bill was passed by the Victorian Legislative Assembly on December 6. Mr. Norman Bayles secured amendments by which offers to sell. laud to the board were required to be in writing, and were not to be binding on the owner in the event of the; board's tailringno action within two months. < Mr. Prendfergast .sought, to secure the ex cision of the clause providing for the reser-j vation of land for immigrants, but the clause j was agreed-to by 39 votes to " 18. Mr. Thomson moved the inclusion of a new clause to prdvide for gazing allotments of land valued up to5 £2j§00, but the proposal was rejected. Some objection has been taken by possible competitors in the cheese competitions at the forthcoming Australian Natives' Exhibi tion, that under the conditions they would be unable to sell their product, and would be out of the return on it for a considerable time in consequence. The cheese expert of the Department of Agriculture (Mr. M'Mil leu) has informed the secretary for Agricul ture (Mr. Duffus) that this is a mistaken im pression, as thCy will be able to obtain an advance on their exhibits, probably equal to 4£d. per lb.. A representative of a large Lon don firm has informed Mr. M'Millan that his firm will be prepared to advance up to 90 per cent, of what he considers the London value of the cheese. . Apparently the eggs laid by Victorian mshave good keeping qualities. Eggs hich were sent for display at the Grocers' xhibition, in Loudon, were on October 4 rwarded to the Anglo-Continental Pro-; ice Company Limited, and in a letter from1 rnt company, dated October 31, it is said j uat, considering the eggs had been out of j ild store for'five weeks, the quality was! lothing short jof remarkable" and if eggs om roe state, under ordinary circum-! ances,-were eola. Immediately on arrival good maiket should be found at 6atiafac ity prices. The highest prices for ordinary esh eggs are realised in London in Oc iber, December, January, and February, he company is in communication with veral firms in Melbourne for the purpose 1 importing eggs to Great Britain from Vic-; Of, eighty candidates for the position of airy Buperv58ors, t*venty last week suc seded in passing all the-examinations, and. mdified themselves to accept appointment tberin the service of the Department of griculture or of any shire that may de de to undertake Hie administration of the Illk and Dairy Supervision Aot. Sixty iven of the applicants attended the written' .amination, . ^Those who passed all tests— * * " ' —~ Mesgr8.j T. Smith, ,l£. Thomas, and R, .O. The s.«. AJbac tfais week brought a rabble consignment' ofShropsbires for Mr. K. G. Wilson's Ljmdoch-park stud. The Bheep comprised four ramsand two ewes, bred by Mr. J. Harding, Sbifnal, Shropshire, and were specially chosen for Mr. Wilson by Mr. George Simonds. The sale of 5^00 Koonongwootong South sheep, comprising crossbreds, comebacks, i and merinoes, will take place on Friday, January 4. The sale will be conducted by A. E. Smith and Co., Coleraine. Applications for blocks on the Tandara Estate, thrown open by the Closer Settle ment Board, closed on Dec. 6, and alto gether 97 were received for the 19 farm lots into which the estate has been subdivided. Each block has .been applied for, and the applications represent altogether 45 would be settlers. Profiting by previous experi ences, persons who are seeking to find a home have made applications for two or more blocks, so that if unsuccessful in one case they may have better fortune in another. The quantity of wool despatched from all country stations to the seaboard for the week ending Dec. 7 amounted to 24,063 bales, against 11,307 bales for the corre sponding week last year, or an increase of 12,765 bales. The total despatched so far this season amounts to 288,797 bales,, against 271,272 bales for the corresponding period last season, or an increase of 17,525 bales. Farmers are not at all times satisfied with the quality of the artificial fertilisers that' they obtain, and it bas been suggested by the Government analyst that they should re tain the invoice certificates supplied to them by vendors. If that is done it will assist the deparment in any investigations that may be made at any time, with a view to protecting farmers from possibility of imposition. London frozen meat quotations Bhow little alteration on the week. Australian mutton ia unchanged at 3fd., but River Plate has fallen l-16d., and is now quoted at 3 ll-16d. The only change in New Zealand mutton is a fall of Jd. in North Island. ' The market is practically bare of lambs, and extreme prices are being obtained for the small supply available, fair quality Australian being quoted at 6£d. Victorian butter exports to London-con tinue on a liberal scale, and. the total quantity shipped _ by _ the __ Moravian, Poona, and Ophir" is 9801 tons. The increase in Victorian shipments to Lon don over the corresponding period of last season is now 929 tons, while the increase in shipments to London from Australia as a whole is 1,7081 tons. As regards Victoria also recent returns have shown an increase to South Africa this se The possibilities of intense agriculture are illustrated in the pot cultures, where all the conditions of irrigation, drainage, and fertilisation are under control. It is declared by Professor Cyril G. Hopkins that three times as large crops are grown in pots as in the open field, and that when pot culture of plants is to be used for com paring field work it is fair to expect from the fields only one-third as great yields as are obtained from the pots. This shows that the yield of the. earth may be in creased at least three times beyond what it is now. Under such a 6ystem of agricul ture, the world would support three times its present population, even if the present population were all it could support under existing conditions. In Germany the meat consumption in cludes a number of horses and dogs. Ac cording to the report of the Statistical Bureau of fba of Prussia, quoted ;onicle," the num diuman food in I increase of number of 1,568, or an j figures re-j fred in public _ lis should be of the increasing irrnany, in contrast to the state of things in England, where, in the absence of duties, the home supplies of fresh meat are supplemented by plentiful supplies of frozen and chilled meat from Australasia and North and South Ame The London butter market showed a little more steadiness last week, and Danish advanced 1/ per cwt., while the Copenhagen quotation was raised one kroner; Aus tralian butter was unaltered, but secon daries have been slow of sale. The follow ing is a comparison of the present prices with those at the corresponding date last year:— Dec. 7, Dec. 6, 1905\. 1906. Danish 120/ US7 Australian, choicest . . 110/ to 114/ 106/ to 110/ Do., secondaries .. 98/ to 101/ New Zealand 114/ to 115/* 110/ to 112/ Argentine, choicest .. 109/ *To arrive. The Orient, from Melbourne, October 23, arrived in London about a week ago, with 2361 tons from Melbourne, 188$ tons from Sydney, 1321 tons from Brisbane, and 501 tons from Adelaide; total, 6071 tons. Victorian butter exports continue on a heavy scale, and the Medic and Moldavia have taken altogether 1,021$ tons. During! the last three weeks an average rate of about 1,000 tons per week has been maintained to London, in addition to shipments to South Africa and the East. The total shipments of Victorian butler to London to date this season, 8,322 tons, show an increase of 1,272$ tons over the corresponding period of last season. Shipments for London by the Moldavia comprise 20,003 cases, or 500 tons, from Melbourne, and 17,655 cases, or 4411 tons,, from Sydney. She has also taken from Sydney 3,546 cases tran shipped ex Ophir from Brisbane. The ship ments from Melbourne by the Medic on the 6th fast amounted to 20,700 cases and 80 cakks, together 521$ tons, this quantity in cluding 253 cases Tor Liverpool: while her shipments from Sydney amounted to 4,672 cases, or 1161 tons. The Wilcannia left Sydr ney on the 8th inst. with 5,000 cases, or 125 tons. The Perthshire took 950 cases, or 23| tons, from Brisbane. Last week's mail' steamer, the Ophir, took from Adelaide 906 coses, or 221 tons. The total shipments to London since July 1 compare with those for the corresponding period of the two previous seasons as follows:— 1903-4. 1004-5. 1905-6. 1006-7. From— Tons. Tons. Tons. Tons. Melbourne .. .. «• 5,598* 7,8881 7,0491 8,822 Sydney ; 8,0041 4,8621 8,6064 4,0204 Brisbane . .. .. .. 189 1,090$ 868} 1,2144 Adelaide . .. V* 165J 814$ 437$ 601) Total 8,578 13,5011 11,840$ 14,1611 The total shows an increase of 2,312 tons as compared with the corresponding period of last seaaon, includinalncreases of l4172$ in Melbourne, 51t| tons in Sydgey* tons inBrisbaneyaftd 1971 tops inAdo la. , iKfi \- yj/sw^.r 