PEOPLE ON THE LAND.' CLOSER SETTLEMENT IN EUROPE. MR, J. M. GILLESPIE OBSERVATIONS. Mr T. M. Gillespie, a member of the Closer Settlement Board, returned to Melbourne in the RMS. Mooltan yesterday, after a brief visit to Europe. Although Mr. Gillespie's visit abroad was of a private nature, he took the opportunity of making inquiries into the conditions of closer settlement in Denmark, and as to the prospects of attracting immigrants from Great Britain to settle on Victorian lands. The result of these inquiries he will embody in a report to the Closer Settlement Board. Refering yesterday to some of his ob sociation, Mr. Gillespie Mullane had a short run through some of the southern counties of England while the harvest was in progress. The intense manner in which the land is cultivated is a striking feature of British as well as Continental farming. In England the wheat crops are heavy and Rood-the result, of course, of liberal manuring and good cultivation. The amount of hand labour still carried out on the farms is surprising. 1 party very few t reapers and binders at work in the English honest fields.. 'J he saw the soil hand-binding were quite common. But the dominion of the grain fields and pastures in the southern counties was still line, and showed the painstaking care and labour bestowed on their cultivation. After a run through the south of England, I visited some of the districts in the loss I, min of Scotland, were again good farming as the mile. I met and talked with many iii.-tcttc.il farmers. I found they- know little of Australia, sent its opportunities for thrifty settlers, and absolutely Dululu; of Vittoria. 'The talk everwhere areas of Canada, shilling is advertised to an astonishing degree all over Great Britain. I am quite sure from what I saw and heard in the farming districts that if the closing Settlement Board were in a position to set apart specific portions of the entertain it pin chases from time to time for British settlers, and were able to say to intend- ing immigrants before they leave the old country, "Here are lands, carefully purchased under Government auspices, of hut It and still a eli tractor and quality, at such and such a price and terms centre, and so situated in respect to Indians, should, (hurdles, and the comforts and corn in crews of a settled district that a line with a modern the (capital may make a nun fortable home and a decent hung,' so invalid girl the) number of good settlers with nine miles, from Great Britain. I must, grants are not men to send into the hands of Eastern Gippsland, for instance, a. pioneer. _ his heat pioneers are the sons of our own farmers. 'They know how to i," about the shore.. The immigrant is better suited for settling on their' already 'broken his Until we can definite,) till him. before he read as his old home, Just where we can place him and what are we do for him, he is not likely to come and lJ.fXX) miles and the chance of finding something to get him. "hitherto. of (Since. the Closer Settle- meat Board has not been able to do more than undertake the local demand for land. Doubtless.,, as time' goes by, there will be a chance of caring! king sitting on the resumed orders for immigrants. At an late. I feel MHO that it will be necessary) to put limits of normal below minutes before they leave the home kind, or we will not get any large number of those who are ready to emigrate. "I salient a lost interesting time," Mr, (Gillespie milled, "III Denmark, looking into the working of the closer settlement scheme which has been at. su(«e--!alli on neck out by the Danish (.'o!i-riini.'nt, Denmark's a wonderful country. limits culture has been turned to great white, lion. Co-ei|«r.itnt. agricultural radicalism., and a rcui.itk.ilili well organised and in II sustained policy of closer settlement, uni!, r the auspices of the (sacrament. has" been important in life is raising Delight. from a poor to a islanders prii«|H-riiu» can dition. Estate the their settlement which were entered upon there was a large demand emigration loan Denmark. All the mine and ublclxiiltid his men who could get away left the tomlin. because there i tie an opportunities for them at home. Yet this is iliiiiigi-il. Emigration has din .?-. raised, and the land industries are to pi. 4 persons, and the i.ppotmintie* for shall- ing Line lunar, -a good, that the manner retains its Kemple. The (stricture. on schemes not only provided men with I am, but views with dwelling homes, outline,!! tugs, wreck, and ruin e'i|iii|iini.|it, and give him a long pause in which to repay tin in. 'the central feature of the eel e that is the theme given to the farmer in! li s Mimi)' to ultimately assume the from M. of his firmly I It is! III rent, in her! eye capitals in Denmark are Animals is of those big tug a chance to name- the- mi holds 