ffifcc ;|totonil Jxec lirtsg And Berrima District Intelligence^. io-3-o6. Oiu* Contributor. no. e. dairying. A visitor recently returned from Lojidqn assures us that the butter aud dairying products of Australia fill a very small corner indeed of the markets qf that great city. Although to us the dairying industry is one of our main means of wealth, and although the total output appears to b§ a large one, it is, he says, almost lost in the stupendous quantities which centre in London from all the corners of the earth. The great majority of the householders of the United Kingdom haye never, tasted j such a product as Australian butter. But j this comparison is rather a matter for en couragement than dismay. That an in dustry which has grown so rapidly and become of such high value to us, should not have had any noticeable effect upon the great markets of the world, is a guar antee that room for expansion and increase is practically unlimited. So long as the quality is maintained there seems no possibility of the supply ever coming up to the demand. The history of the dairying industry shows what £> marked effect its growth has had upon land selection. In the same way that the wheat farmer is taking his plough out among the sheep runs of the west, so he in his turn is followed even more- closely by the dairy farmer, '^s-; dairying returns the largest result^'from the least number of acres of any of our three great rural industries, a large saving of land space has been effected. For in stance, for the year ending 31st March, 1899 (before the effect of dairying was noticeable upon land tenures) the average area of holdings alienated under the Crown Lands Act was only a little short of 800 acres. For the year ending the same date in 1905 the average area of the holdings taken up had fallen to 635 acres. This gives to our State lands a population capacity of a fourth more than they possessed thirteen years ago. Compared .with the otlicr industries there is far less vvaste of dairying lands than those used for any other purpose. 'In the older coun tries qf the world, where the pressure on land space is exceptionally great, hold ings, which to us appear ridiculously small, combine to build up such enormous outputs as those of the Danish and British butter factories. The saying f. three acres and a cow,"' though, an electioneering cry, is yet a testimony of the amount of capi tal which tnay be' extracted from the soil by this branch of industry. For this reason it is gratifying to know that our present prosperity, combined with the ' natural evolution of the uses to which our land is being put, has/given an immense lift to this valuable industry. In the year 1896. the New South Wales output of butter amounted to 23 .000,000 lbs., by the end of 1904 the total had more than doubled itself ahcTBtood at £56,000, 000 lbs. Cheese for the same period pro gressed from 3,000,000 lbs to 4:250,000 lbs ,* bacon from 5,250,000 lbs to 10,680,0.00 lbs. One item alone will show vyhat an immense asset" the d^iryiag industry is. The number of cows from which this Wealth is gained is about 600,000, which at an average price of £9, per cow makes the value-of the. cattle alone over/5,000, (300. In view gf the fact that our Sta^ is awake to its peed for a greater population, it is satisfactory to know that we have atnqng the causes of our prosperity an in dustry capable of absorbing a great num ber of people. The influx of immigrants will not only add to our output by tl).ejr pwn labors, but will teach a valuable les son as to the jnann.er in which still greater results may be won. For instance, were an inducement held out to the .dairy fei m ers of Denmark to emigrate to Australia, we should have a number of farmers who by necessity have become expert in ex tracting a li ving from holdings of ten acres or less. Under their skilful hands a prac tical demonstration would be given of hoy all waste may be avoided. It is not im probable that an influx from tl)e dairying countries of the world will take place. The rapid increase in our output is adver tised in the fact to the buttermaking peoples of the world that even the sparse ly populated areas of Australia are yield ing enough to show the possibilities of her becoming a formidable competitor for the trade of the world. It is an adyantage to the development of this industry that distance from the market is no terrible dravyback—butter, cheese and bacon all lending themselves readily to storage and export. Consequently, our export trade in these commodities is one which by }t§ bandiness would appeaj to tl>e merchant, and the ships engaged in plying to Aus tralia are beginning to look upon it as one of the main items towards their profits. The industry now that it is recovering from the set-back of our bad years, and is again progressing at a phenomenal rate, carries with it the promise of almost limit less development in the near future, 