Sugar Industry. Royal Commission. Yesterday's Evidence. _ _ BUNDA-BERG. Awll 4. The Royal Commission to inquire into Ithe sugar industry commenced its sittings at the courthouse yesterday. When the formal proceedings were over, evidence was caticu. Thomas Wilson Walker, dairyman and canefcuttmg -contractor, stated : Last 6eason I employed a gang of 35 Europeans >h one gang. Ail were engaged at tho rase of 25s. and found, but those showing special merit in addition were recom pensed at the end. of the season. In one instance the men used tents, and in the other two satisfactory accommodation arrangements were made by tlhc planters. I had a mess for the men, and carried (through my contracts satisfactorily. (Approximately only four ot the men, who originally engaged with me, worked through the season to the end. A number teft through a gap occurring between the close of one and the commencement of another contract, others were dismissed (through i-nsobricty , and others left through injury caused to their hands bv t?, lr£iv +e ®e; T1'® Eiuig worked fr0m "il' 'y September. None of the men, complained of (lie work ibeiug unduly arduous. I do not thibk that this sea-sou "yshrnKwiU extend to Christmas in (thus district. In the first instance I appheil to the Labour Bureau for. men but afterwards a sufficient number of men £L. i!5:, . meeli 11,1 re<il|ircineiils. o f o _ion "ops. aiy men aver- sn d tons 3 cwt. per diem, and were paid 8d. _ extra for loading on trams, as against drays. There were plenty of men about last year, but all were not suitable lor the work. The best cutter iu my gang Was aged 60, but I think the most suit able age is trom 25 to 35 years. I think a well organised labour bureau would bo of considerable assistance to the em ployers and men. I know nothing capable pf preventing injury to the hands bv the (trash. I consider that trashed cane is (worth Is. per ton more than unti-ashcd. at actually cost inc Is. 3d. to Is. 4d. per ton to trash a 10-acre plot. Unless there aro a great many more men than there were available last year, there will be a big shortage of labour this year, though -the surplus of labour last year was not a surplus of good labour. If the seasons .were extended, better financial results would accrue to the men. I think it Would lie a good taring if competent men were given certificates liy employers, sis a guide to others to whom they might apply. Only loafers would object to such Ct system. To Mr. Nielson : I think it would also be a good thing, if employers were dis criminated with along Hie same lines. Angus Nielson Dulil, a farmer at Moongarra, stated : Last year I grew 35 acres ot cane, averaging 9 tons, which was harvested by members of my family, with several outside hands. 1 paid the latter £1 to 25s. a week and round. Two ot the men worked through the season, but I sacked the others on account of inefficiency. They were not oqqal in capability to my suns of 15 and l,fi yenrs. i anl:toi|isitc a heavier crop this year, and do not expect a diffi culty in harvesting. Men (o be round aboiit the street corners are not suitable for the work. I have seen Danish, Ger man, and Swiss new chums give very good results after a few days' cutting. Willi the removal of l!,0()(> to 7.U00 kanakas at the end of tho year, there will bo a great difficulty in dealing with the crop. I consider t lint cane cutting is among the easiest work on the farm. My men complained or injury to their hands through the. trnsli in the cane, but I consider that trashing s limoces- sary. If there are openings, farmers' sons, who were the best cutlers, will become landowners, thus increasing the demand for labour. I consider that as an additional inducement, immigrants should he given opportunities of securing lniids for themselves. A desirable class of labour was mentioned1 from Denmark, Sweden, and Germany, but the.y are not likely to have much money, and their passages will linvc to lie |ki id- William James Tutin, cane-grower, thought tho establishment of harvesters' homes, say in 10-acre blocks, would be an excellent move, anil servo to keep the men in tho district. The men could do a fitilc gcncra'w.fariniug, which their 'families could continue during tho crush ing, leaving the. mere available tor har vesting. He mentioned tlir.'t a rcservo of 1,100. acres ait Gooburrum was emi nently suitable for the cstabTTslimcnt of such ' homes. Daniel \V Malioney anticipated a. groat . difficulty in dealing with the. crop after the removal of the kanakas. Ho Thought a large number of additional men might lie obtained from the south, especially from the Richmond and CTarcnce Rivers. He belicvcfl that growors' interests, also those of the men, would be luttor served , if millers at- the outset of uic season Would fix Uic daily tonnage tliuy would take from each farmer, who would ho pre pared to cntnr into an agreement to deliver the stated tonnage. George Pringlc' said : I have been en gaged in cane farming for a period of 12 years, and have gained experience with kanakas, whiles, and Hindoos In cane cutting. I am .satisfied that a good class of white labour call do the harves-lmg work satisfactorily. I have paid while mon 25s. and keep, in a twenty ton crop. A good man can cut three tons a day of tintrashed cane. I do not anticipate a shortage of labour this season. The best class is made up or farmers' sons in this district. I think the idea of giving facili ties for tile establishment or harvesters' homes is a good one. About twenty acres should be given to each soaner on which to grow household requirements, leaving his labour available for cutting in tile season.. There are not sufficient Crown lands available in this district for the purpose. It would largely solve this difficulty if the big estates took up a matter of that kind. I do not know whether the scheme, adopted bv Uingcra of cutting up the estate and leasing it to small growers was a success. I think to build theso- homos, settlers would re- quiro to have about £100. I had charge of Dr. Maxwell's experimental plot in Woongarru, and secured good results. Tliu farmers made no effort to profit by the instruction given at that plot ; at any- rate, not to any extent. I consider liic contract rates fixed locally for cutting are satisfactory, hut weekly wages should he 30s,, with 2s. (id. bonus for those remain ing for the seasons. Frederick Lewis Nott, the proprietor of IWindermerc plantation, said : I have been growing cane for 28 years, and have 1,000 acres under cane. I employ 15 whites and 35 kanakas. I do not consider that white labour can cut or trash cane at rates to enable the industry to compete in the open market. I consider that a 30-ton crop should be trashed and ' cut for 2s.; 3d. per ton. In such a crop, a:' kanaka .would cut 4 tons, and if. the white man did the same, the daily Wago/Woiild he 9s. I tliink after lhe\ kanakas - are de ported, the industry .in the north will , go down practically at once, The labour thoy have there will then be available . to us. No employer would nominate immi grants unless be could get Ibem under an agreement for a staled time. The fact', that the Federal Minister must be con vinced before assenting to such a i thing, that no suitable labour is/ avail-- ablu for the purpose required, made the . recent amendment in the Act of little service to those in need of labour.- Irrigation would benefit the situation considerably in making for the regularity of crops, which, in turn, | doubtless,' would lead ? to a hotter class of men offering for harvesting. As far as Dr. Maxwell's connection Willi the indus try is concerned, no 'benefit lias resulted. He did not loach them anyliiiijiig new. Irrigation mainly was responsible for the benefits on the experimental plot. Manuring was useless, unless irrigation was available. I am going to try to get black labour after the end of tho year- If I fail, then I- will try white. I am not, in favour of subdividing my property for lease nor for sale. If unable to get white labour this season, as I fear will be the case, I will forfeit the bonus, and cut with black. The Italians who were introduced to the district some year ago, are very good workers. 1 paid those I employed ISs-. a week and found. Horace Edward Boughton Young, of Fairynicad, said : I have been 28 yeajs engaged in the sugar industry. We have now over 4,000 acres under cane. Hither to I worked entirely with black labour. Now I have one white man to three kanakas. The former aro doing very good work, and have not complained of pros tration through tho heat. I have registered this/ year a total ot 2,0011 acres for bounty. We arc employing 100 whites at field work on the four estates, but the whole of our cane was planted by kanakas, liavine only been recislered since January. I calculate that I will require 300 field hands to worjc our four estates in the slack season. During the harvest ing we will require a total' of 500 men. Planters are not weddod to coloured labour, fit is simply a matter of cost. . If the industry is protected in a manner to allow the present rates to whitu men or a little higher, and labour is available, I shall lie able to carry on and pny£l per week and found to Hie men. Irriga tion has lessened -the cost of cultivation, but li.vs carried its own additional ex penses. Still, in spite of this. Urination is profitable. I anticipate a difficulty in dealing with this year's crop. Wo 'have only a third of the kanakas formerly em ployed. I think the growers,, should mttko an organised effort to introduce labour from the south. 1 do not cousider vessels now in the 1radc could take away the kanakas remaining after December in six months, even though con ditions were most favourable. Un doubtedly it would lie cheaper if these' vessels performed the work in con sequence of the knowledge of .the com manders of the Islands. A great number of islanders were averse to going home, pcrhups, in a measure, having been templed to remain by the high wages offered; It would lie unsafe to land a Solonltin Islander, married to a Hebri- dean woman, at ihe husband's island, as ihe woman almost assuredly would be killed. My sister, who lias given up her life to mission work mnc.iig tho islanders, lias received letters from Malayla, slat ing that kanaka children horn in Queens land, and returning with their parents, invariably died on Hie island from sick ness within six months. They were more .susceptible to this sickness than the native born children. The matter of landing so large a number of islanders would be serious, in cunsequcnco of the native food supplies being iiiadequato. I think it wuuld ho unwise to land Hehridcan buys on the Malay-lia mission islands. 1 do not think employers should be compelled to keep Hie islanders after the end of Hie year till such lime as vessels arc available lo lake ibem away. I-kiiplovers willinirlv will engage t.hcm till their dcporlaliinn. It is possible Hint some islanders, who have been with us for 20 years, have no desire to return. .The improved methods since 1889 have largely re duced ihe number ot men required to work in the cancficlds. I think the estab lishment of harvesters' homes would be an excellent idea. I have no land avail able for such a purpose on Fniryincnd. James Clark, of Ashgrove plantation, anticipated n. great difficulty in dealing with this year's crop. Last year, though lie only wanted is men, lie passed about 100 through the books. C. W. Buss also anticipated a difficulty Willi labour this year. L. Lutz, tarmcr and cane cutter, con sidered that in a 15 to 20 ton trashed crop a fairly good man could out. 4 tons daily, and do hctier in such a crop at 3s. 3d. pur ton than at 2s. Gd. in a 30-ton crop. Ill the. latter case the cane falls and spreads. His fifteen-year-old son averaged 3 tons daily in a 15 (o 20 ton crop. On an average, ihe Woongarrn land was carrying a crop worth about £15 per acre. The commission adjourned till to-dav. 