CANADIAN IMMIGRATION. TO TiH13 EDITOR. Sir,-In "Hansard," page. 404 of 1005, I see the assertion that the cost of steer- age passage from Liverpool to Canada is £2 per bcaxl. Except during a recent abort "rate iwar," their (regular immi- grant's rate is £5 40s. per head, but that only takes thom to Quebec. The migrant must go further on, one to 'two thousand miles or more, by tinin, if ho wanta wages or cheap good homesteads. A new arrival can get a cheap rate from Quebec for his first trip going West ; but if the makes .a later trip, or wants to return (East, ho nnust pay 4 cents to 5 cents per anile ! Add this to £5 10s. Add also the heavy cost and bulk of suitable winter gear-furs and soft leathers of the right cut, cap-a-pied. When the thermometer is 20deg. to fJOdcg. below zero, if j*ou go out in boots 'or gloves you lose your feet arid bunds. Also, in 'Canada two sets of vehicles are needed,' sleiglis for snow, and wbeds for summer. Canada is a fine produdng country, t anti as to diameter and ability there are no better people than Canadians, but all tlheir cheap good lands are very far from mar- kets and water carriage. Even in favoured California their fruit and wine iias to be railed 2000 miles to their buj-ers in Chicago, and New Orleans ; and 3000 (miles to 'New York and Boston, and tlhence if for Europe, by 3000 miles of stormy water. Whereas the Queensland coast fawner has smooth water carriage to London, &c;, ida Torres Straits. Sfigrant'i from the south bali of England are not such good pioneers as Celta and North Buttons. Next to migrants from other Australian States the very best settlers for Queensland would be from North America, say from Alberta, British Columbia, Oregon, and California, our nearest Anglo-Celtic neighbour» over smooth, summer seas. !Many migrants to Canada from home and the United States bave nonv found out that, although it is easy to earn a living in Canada, their fonmers make ino money ; even in the rich valley of the North Saskatdicvvan. The "Barr" colony, 1000 strong, settled there In 1903 with £500,000 cash ; they will get their patents (i.e., freehold titles) next (May, and then f-ome may return home or' go to California, or they may be induced to try Queens- land. (But Queensland should have an as- sistant agent at ihome with full practical bush or business experience, plus public life ; and better still if all three combined. Rightly or wrongly, slow-stepping rural John Bull mistrusts all lawyers except his own family sohdtor. I mn too old for any billet, perks, or exe3.-I am, sir. &c;" J. ¡F. KELSEY.' HuJbei t-stroet, (Woolloongabba, 15th Jon. uary. A recent issue of "The Strand Maga- zine" contains an article on "Portraits of lamous Dogs," (by ¿Rudolph de Cordova. Illustrations are given of Wilbam the Silont's dog, wbidi saved this life ; of Eos, Prince Albert's favourite greyhound, from a painting by Landseer ; of Mary Queen of Scots' spaniel, which followed her to the scaffold ; of Maida, Sir Walter Scott's historio dog ; of Bosun, Lord BjTon's New- foundland ; of Pope's Danish dog Bounce, mid of Sirrah, tlho colbe of "the ¡Ettrick Shepherd. The letterpress gives many little »tomes which are not generally known. (Here is one of them : James I's love of dogs was so great that when lie desired to mark lus partiality for anyone be did so by referring to a dog. In this way he used to coll the Queen ¡his " dear little beagle." One day, whilst hunting, Hie Queen, by accident, shot James' best dog. She was m a temible state, for his Majesty was passionatdy fond of the ani- mal. (Wlien he heard of the dog's death ho was m a frenzy of fury, and threatened to ¡have Hie man killed who shot lins pet. The King's anger was only alloyed when be heard that the Queen ?waa the culprit. Then be eent her a diamond necklace worth i £2000 "asa legacy from the dead dog." Tthe ¡production of liquid air is thus out- lined : Air is compressed to 1200 to 1600 pounds per square indi, passed into recep- tacles where it ia freed from moisture and other impurities, then into expansion eiliam bers and through lone cods of pipe. It becomes intensely cold, reaching finally 312deg. bdow zero, at whick point it be- comes liquid. The bquid is drawn off into insulated vessels, and keeps for days, gra- dually Htwiinn Mntilj* ta all evagooratod. 