grOHLP'S OUTLOOK The civil war in Russia still continues. The Group of Toil of the late Duma has issued another striking appeal, imploring the army to prefer the interests of the fatherland and of their families before the interests of the Czar. If, says the appeal, any lack the cour age to engage in open hostilities r.gain?t enemies of the people, let them refuse to fire on mutineers, workmen, and peasants, an-1 return home. Arrests continue to be mace in St. Petersburg on a huge scale. A man and a woman defended the bomb factory at Riga with rifles and bomb6 against the rolice until both were shot. A quantity of explos ives and some revolutionary literature weie seized. There are 40,000 troops in Warsaw, yet outrage and pillage are virtually un checked. A Russian bomb factory has been discovered at Hamburg. It ifi supposed that the factory is connected with the visit of the Grand Duke Vladimir to Germany. The Czar has transferred to the Peasants' Bank 20,000,000 acres of lai--' belonging to the Im perial Family for re-sale to peasants, ac cording to terms that may be agreed upon by a committee of four Ministers. A crowd of 2000 persons carrying revolutionary flags fought the police at Samara, South-eastern Russia. Many persons were wounded. Thirty sailors have been arrested at Kronstadt. Ex cluding the Caucasus and Finland, the record of crimes committed in Russia within 10 days shows that 100 policemen and gendarmes were killed and 72 wounded, 201 private persons were killed and wounded. 34 Crown spirit shops were looted, £32,000 was stolen from private firms and individuals, and £16,000 from the Government. German settlers in the east ern provinces of Russia, fearing an early re volution, are selling their property at any price, and are leaving- the country. Trince Orloff has been appointed Governor-General of Warsaw. He was ruthless in repressing the rebellion in the Baltic provinces. A bomb factory has been discovered on the Danish island of Bornholm, in the Baltic. A quan tity of dynamite and 100 bombs ready for shipment were seized. Twenty-one Russians were arrested. Telegrams from the provinces, present a fearful picture of murder, pillage, and incen diarism throughout Russia. In the Samara Government, South-east Russia, troops sup pressed twelve serious agrarian disorders in three weeks. The most violent disturbance was at Tcherkati, where a large store of bombs was discovered after a\iolent conflict occurred between the troops and peasants. The Czar has directed that the Premier and his family shall reside in the Winter Palace at St. Petersburg. A bomb was thrown at a wedding at Usofaka, killing three persons and wounding 13. Sixteen fresh battalions' of troops and 1200 Cossacks have arrived at Warsaw. Nineteen soldiers and three civil ians -who took part in the Sveaborg fortrtss mutiny have been shot. To avenge the murder of a policemen, troops surrounded a house at Libau, Russia, killed Tour people, and arrested 61. Prince Shoko vsky, who was injured in the outrage at M. Stolypin's house, has died of his wounds. Si berian sappers mutinied, and expelled their officers, but were overcome subsequently. M. Remezoff, President of the District Court ax Tula, Central Russia, has been murdered. Further attacks have been made on police at Warsaw. A dozen people were injured by a bomb explosion at Grodno, Western Russia. General Trepoff is seriously ill, and there are persistent reports of his dismissal. The step is considered significant in view of re cent events. General Tiemenkoff, who sup pressed the Riga disturbance, has been at tacked and seriously injured. Twenty-two dt.&th; sentences have been commuted. M. Muller, a wealthy Parisian, was shot dead by a lady In a hotel at Interlaken, Switzer land. She is a Russian Yevoluntary, and said that she had been ordered to kill M. Durnovo, an ex-Mlriister. M. Durnovo and M. Muller, she declares were the same person. The hotel . proprietor says that a terrible mistake has been made. ' ..Thirty-three soldiers were sentenced to penal servitude from 12 to 15 years, and 526 others Were also dealt ?with. In connection with the rebel outbreak at Cuba, the troops engaged the insurgents near Cienfuegds, and killed 17 of them. With the exception of the leader, ex-Congressman Senor Guerra; all have offered to disband if granted immunity. Guerra says he will fight until the last presidential election has been annulled. Thirty-five insurance companies have paid £11,000,000 on account of the San Francisco ?earthquake. -The Royal Insurance Company and the Liverpool and London and Globe In surance Company paid £750,000 each. : .The adjustment of its railway rates by Cape Colony in order to retain inland trade claimed by Natal is causing strained relations between the two colonies. ?? Hence the movement in Natal, in favour of complete union with the Transvaal is increasing in strength. Richard Buckham and Robert T. Buckham, sons of a farmer residing at Basildon, Eng land, have confessed to having shot and kil led Mr. and Mrs. Watson, poultry farmers, for having fetched water contrary to the orders of the father of their assailants. Mr. W. P. Reeves, High Commissioner for New Zealand, in the last two years has sent 4320 people to New Zealand under the reduced passenger fares ' schemel These immigrants had a capital of £322,000. . ? : Canada paid £616,000 as bounties on indus trial products last year. - During the last 12 months New South Wales has granted 419 assisted passages to immi grants, taking £44,000. Inquiries are in creasing at the . Agency- general. Forty-five persons 'have booked passages this week.. Mr. Robert . Wallace, Professor of Agriculture at Edinburgh University, in the course of an interview with a press representative, said that the officers of the New South Wales Agency could obtain 100 Scotch farmers, wita an average capital of £500 each, to emigrate to New South- Wales if the land provided was equal in quality to the Myall Creek land, and at the same price and on the same terms of payment. President Roosevelt has ordered that all the State departments shall adopt the new sys tem of phonetic spelling. Amongst the ex amples of the new spelling which are most criticised are:— 'Thru' for 'through,' thru out' for 'throughout,' and 'kist' for 'kis- sed.' Alarm is expressed at the naval activity of Germany. Father Cassan, parish priest at Faugeres, France, has admitted causing the death of a girl, and of betraying many others in the confessional. Two geld specimens, 'worth £1400, wei'e stolen from the ?offices of the Orient Pacific Company in London. The Board of Education has decided th:it rifle shooting may be included in the cur riculum of elementary schools. Further earthquake shocks have been ex perienced in Chili. The ship Ferdinand Fischer, which left Melbourne on February 5 for the Channel, is not now insurable. The Imperial Government has sanctioned the bill indemnifying the Natal Government for future and past acts in connection with the rebellion. The temperature in England has been from 91 to 93 degrees, the highest since August, 1803. An outbreak of East Coast fever is causing havoc among cattle in Natal. Jt is feared that the epidemic is more widespread than the former outbreak of rinderpest. Some in fected cattle were sold at Durban, and it is impossible to trace them. The American transport Sheridan, 5600 tons, is ashore at Barber's Point., Hawaii. The accident occurred owing to a steam pipe breaking. She struck amidships. The vessel is broadside on to the shore. The crew have been prevented from landing by the heavy surf. Mr. Hippie, president of the Real Estate Trust, Philadelphia, who committed suicide, misappropriated £1,000,000 of trust funds. The English hop crop is ? considerably less than half the annual consumption. The acreage is the lowest for 60 years, but the quality is splendid. Ten thousand Welsh miners have struck owing to the employment of non-unionsts. Heavy floods following poor harvests in Bengal will cause a serious famine. Many of the crops have been swept away. The Emperor of China promises that country a constitution when it is ripe for it. Anta gonism between rulers and subjects is stated to be the cause of the nation's weakness. As a preliminary step, administrative and finan cial reforms have been ordered. Dr. Morri son, the 'Times' correspondent, says that the decree has created a good impression. One of the travelling Commissioners who re commended the reforms has been appointed Viceroy -of Nanking. 