THE LOYAL DANE. To keep nlivo memories or tho Fatherland, not to let tho old country fade Into dimness, to bo bandod togother as part ot a now coun- try, to bo ready to welcomo now arrivals and to entertain tho visitor, uro some ol tho ob- jects o£ tho Danish Association that moots fre- quently in tho Musicians' Room in tho eily. A ladies' night is hold onco a month, and attracts a largo number of pooplo. Most ot tho members aro actual immigrants, not ot Australian .birth. A few young wives aro of tho nation by marrlag« only. Though many grey-haired mon aro amongst tho members, thero aro few agod women, lt nuy. Tho oldost lady member ot the association sings -well, and her patriotic songs, in which all present: join, close tho evening's enter- tainment. Music of various kind takos up a largo part ot tho programmo usually. . Occa- sionally variety is introduced by a lectura on some national author. A number of now re- cords have boen lately rocolvod, and an excel- lent gramophone ropeatod them. They in- cluded the hymn to tho King Christian and a march. The latest songs by tho noted Danish tenor, who has sung in all tho capUuls of Europe, woro reproduced. Mr. Marcher, tho Danish Consul, as presi- dent of tho society, announces the items, and directs nil tho proceedings. Airs. Marckor is hostess. She reçoives tho guests, and undertakes to próvido refresh- ments. Tho oatnbles servo tho same purpose as tho other features of tho -entertainment: thoy romlnd tho guests of tho homo country. They aro most daintily prepared. Small squares of smoked pork, taken without broad, and eaton with the Angers, sraokod forcemeat laid on small pieces of bread, sandwiches ot Gruyero cheese and ryo broad, aro distinctive, and much enjoyed. I Thorn seems to bo no national drink. Lager boor, elarot cup, and aerated waters aro fami- liar, and accoptablo to all. Thero aro singers, pianoforte players, .violinists, and dancers amongst tho members. Somo songs woro sung on Thursday night into tho gramophone, and reproduced at once. Hornpipes and Scotch reels wore danced. General dancing is never, part of tho evonlng's proceedings. Tho Scandinavian Innguagu ls hoard on all sidoB. Thoro is a small collection ot books at the disposal of mombers. Tho Dano evidently, wandors far. Tho visi- tors of tho ovenlng (Mr. and Mrs. Turton) carno from many hundred milos, past Capo Colony, from a country loo /ar oft to havo rallwayB, wboro only private conveyances and horses aro tho moana of getting about. Yet thoro appears to bo littlo difference in tho ways of lifo thoro lo those carried on in tho cities. Tonnls clubs flourish, dances'aro given, balls held, and apparently marrlngos Inko placo, for tho young wife prosont WBB on hor wedding tour. Whether they como via Africa, via Amorlca, or dlroct to Australia, tho spirit. o£ tho members of tho Danish Association is to answer in tho nfflrraatlvo Mignon's touch- ing fluestion Knowst thou that dear laud! 