t AROUND THE GLOBE NEWS IN A NUTSHELL " : - »: f ("Thus we may see,' quoth he, .'how the world wags.' «— SHAKESPEARE.-" ftl'tondon money market easier. " iij#:!-,.).; K: I Bradford wool market strong. j7 ." ( ! ) I British Consols are quoted at £86 7s 6d. I/ Sydney I.ord Mayor's -allowance for 1907 'fixed at £1000. 7 « » » About 3000 boxes of Argentine butter are '.arriving In London weekly. t Sir Joseph Ward Is determined to maintain Brace purity in .Maonlland.-/; A Bj The N.S.W/4 per cent, loan is at '£107 10s; Blind the 3 per cents., at fE88 10s. ' . . u.. « » . \ B An attempt will be made to settle the Mel- j bourne building trade dispute by. a confer- Bence. - B Ahez Wren, contacted of murder near Cue, jon the Murclilson (W..A.), has been adjudged insane, . ' Harry Davison, a Broken HIU commission pgent, has died .from the effects of a bicycle colllsoln. "" . , » « . , , < Sydney Municipal Council will spend '£600 hn providing Chrlsfsnas employment about She city, , . i u . m f «. % , K A woman nc/med Gord was ifoiind hanging a rafter In her house in Hobart .<Tas.), Hfllfe being: extinct, . -n-- f . , W A thousand new alot machines will be in- Ktroduced in the Commonwealth telephone jservlce next year, , V?...- u ' J- « «»« H; Professor Klaatseh the anthropologist, dis- tlaims any.fconnectlovlt'h jthe story, of foyr- landed aborigines- ... , , . , , . »'.»» H A -"t nek' is beln "made from Sutherland Kt&tion;'to the AVoronora 'River, and vlli pro/ Hjbably be ready by hhe holidays. « I »» In connection with the resradlng of N.S.W. public servants, It is probable that a special, board will be appointed slsortly. for the pur- Bipose of hearing appeals. B The L'ord Mayor of Sidney has written an- Bbther minute empliasislng the advlsableness of the Sydney Municipal Council having the Bicontrol of the abattoirs. ... K ' ' Tme shipments of tvool from Sydney and . nOetvcostle since 'July 1 — 306,796 bales — Show a decrease of 67,975 .bales compared .with the corresponding Period last-year. ' » ' ' Our London correspondent cabled yeslor- Bay:— Copper, .'£103 to '£103 15s; tin, £199 Cs to 01195 15s; pig iron, 63s 2d; lead, £19-63 po £19 7s 6d; spci|ter,>£27 12s (Id tO "£2IT7s.- |Cd. w ' ' . - r »«.»; .' . . K An old gentleman of eighty, who has been fclected a Judge, for Frutlgen, Switzerland, Is Ko go through a university course in order to piass.the exar'nlnatlon requited by the laws, of the country'-. " if f |J Thrbo"" rjnn-' carriages' have been shipped, from. BngAVid for King Menellk "of -Abyssinia, ' land/on rea ching the coast .they twill be -taken pieces.' packed In cases/ find carrled nearly- |400_milea' across tlie desert by .natives. , , J I » 1 " "' » i f!A banjo ' In the hand, js better 'than a dudgni'eiit summons In tho - bush," - said . the jjudst)' In tile Bow (London) County Court the Kp,?.„U:i5,'' '"advising a dealer to accept the tur " n' tliac had not been paid I . « ' 'a.'' i sum ot tvas voted by. the N.S.W". Legislative Assembly last night to ineet the- claims of soldiers who fought hi li'r?UnnvAfIiIiCa" Tlle Prem'er hopes to be able fbefore ciiristmas.61' l U,e "tUrned soldlers K ' " » I Mr. J, S. Larko reports that the new tariff! lu naw. in. operation in Canada. Furs, hemp, rhiues.-Qils, .tin, and wool from 'Australia' and artt free» Butter is 4 cents per inSe.,- "lutton 3 cents per lb. But |tariff ctt'eents Ur,ib.en:,CJ:S a pre£eretUlal E » 1 A K Simon Ling, a gold fosslcker In the moun- Eltains, a-cross the U'umut -River, has Just or- irlved in Klandro. He says that last winter Ijwas most severe, and tlmt from May 20 to iuctober — J he never saw a person.. ,For ilvo Bdays he lay sick in ills hut, which 'was co- Bivered with snow. Since October only, two Ijpersons had visited him. I- « "a ||'$7o fewer than three of the leading variety fj'Hurna ' in England just now have been Ijevolved b> former "fltars" of the Musgrove |Cgn»ic Opera Company, which played "A ant <>ther works. L'em- iddock are respon- laiaofff,0# or<e tuin. Edward Eauri and May liwiL ,nant>.tlt'r' ar,(i Henry Hallam and luosephhife/ Stan tou for the third, I;.. . ' — \:+ m m ,Edvnrds, butcher, Broken Hill, was warlving .in. a spring-eart, and met two men, Iffamea Anderson and William Wright, em- frploypd at the Sllverion Tramway Co.'s darn, |Sp whom he gave a lift. Turning a corner, I Jtne caut' capsized, and the three occupants Ijwere tiirown out. Anderson's left arm was (broken, .and .Wright sustained a fracture of ijne left leg, Ed wurda escaped with a few Khrulses . , ( I'u . . """< » ' h; fAt the (Lincoln Diocesan Conference a (Clergyman drew -attention tu the condition of Ifthe shepherds aind garthmen In the Lincoln I diocese. He quoted one case in which a srman had been employed as garthman for ritv;enty-flve years, and bad never had one day — ilu even, Sunday — until hey broke his leg. F He has had 'three days off altogether — once I to bury his mother, and again to bury his leister, . I - A1 soldier named Haugobrauck has been Eentenced.' to five years' penal servitude .in B&letz;, inconsequence of his antipathy to wa ller. He deserted three times rather than at- |tend swimming exereises, and his sergeant at /the -trial that he had the greatest Edilliculty in , making him wash at all. On fene occasion when his comrades threw him Elntol the swimming baths he became so vio lent .thrtt he brought on a lit. u ©Veryone who has been at Newmarket :|CE»ng.) during the races has noticed "Katu," the elderly woman wlio sells race-cards. She /has had the King among her customers. She i.isent his -Majesty a bunch of violets during \his recent visit to Newmarket, and was greatly delighted to see that the King when r.-lie drove on the course had the itowers in his buttunhole. His Majesty acknowledged her . .cqrlauy with a smile. . . / .'A survivor of the Franklin Relief Expedi tion of 2852 hasoiassed away in the person ;oi Jiehobeth Itoblnson, master mariner, of 'J-lp&tuh.; Lincolnshire. Itoblnson, who was "seventy-five years of age, had spent forty- / three", years at eea. He had an adventuroun -'.rui'ter, having sailed in over a hundred ships ind been wrecked on nine occasions. Many ',':inies he harl distinguished himself In saving his record of persons saved from uip.yn'.ng being forty. Lvpn/liic premises of a brickmaking firm sl- ?itialed on the Surrey Canal, North Camber- London, the kiln Are has never been permitted to /go out Bince It was first set alight W years ago, although during that ?lirner. It. has been subjected to many heavy yralnfalls. It consists of lime and coke only (fa. few feet deep, which has been constantly, //enewed. 103d eg. In the shade in Adelaide. . , Activity inVmlnlng'in'ithe.Pinfnacles'dlstrlct,; Fermanen tt. sur.vey,; of North .Coast railway, started. ... ; . f ; . - /Temperatures of 100 to 100 degrees in many .places in N.S.W. yesterday. . . ' 1 The third reading: of the Education Bill was carried in. the House of Lords by 105 votes to 28,' i ' .V " ' ,'.'N" « x'. ;'s . a Keen , competition an<l strong demand at Thursday's London .wool' >eales; prices un changed. ' . - The, French Chamber of Deputies passed a motion; of confidence in the Government by 407 to 50. ' . ; », » , Owing to the scarcity of railway trucks it is impossible to work full-time at the Llth- gow mines/. ' Danish butter is quoted In London at'118s, per cwt.; slightly better demand for the Aus-.- trallan product. ' »' London market ratev of discount for best- three months' bills is CJ per cent., being J lower than last week, V Sydney mining market' again active ye3ter-- day. North Q, 's'iand copper shares being! bought on I. ,i account. ' » » » m . F6rthls week's wool sales In Sydney 37,245 baJes ".were catalogued. Since duly 1, 302,012 bales have- been disposed of. ' London ystandard" as been ofnclally in formed that the Colonial Conference has not been postponed, as reported.' / t Second reading ot' Coolgardlo to Norseman (W.A.) Railway, Bill carried by W.A. Legisla tive' Assembly; on Thursday night, , The . ratification of the Atgectras Treaty; dealing with -Morocco has been agreed to by the French Chamber of Deputies. The. United States Secretary/ of the Navy; recommends Congress to authorise the con struction of four huge battleships. . . . . ... » r )> y »' . President Roosevelt has been asked by the U.S. Senate -to. explainSvhy .a negro batta lion at Brownsville, -Texas, was disbanded. , A girl" 'wasflried in.-Bathurst for travelling in afpublle''rcab>V w;liile<\- suffering from an in fectious; disease, without' notifying vthe .driver of Uie fact/ ' ; j ' ;. ' . ' .The/Duke .of Norfolk: says:. that Catholics cannot> accept the present' Education BUI, and Lord Lansdawne thinks the measure bad and daaigerous, - / The foundation block of the, Walgett. Pres byterian' Church was laid on Thursday by Mr. AV E. Scott, of Glngle, £142 15s Cd being laldon.- the block. - " -' . ; /The House of Commons has. decided that the .'illegitimacy;: of workmen's dependents ."does' (not affect thelr .'position under.,' the Workmen's Compensation Bill. . < JM/Ppzhansens'cottbn mills at Lodz have "been: closed: down, throwing 7000 people. out .of -„wprk. Other owners "threaten a similar course, owing to labour troubles. The Cape Government has Invited Lord Selborne, High Commissioner for South Africa, -to convene a conference to discuss the question of South African federation. Master bakers in Melbourne have refused a demand . of the men that after January 1 no member of the operatives'; 'society be worked more than eight hours in any one particular shift. . ' ;A sawyer named Joseph! Jackson, aged 55, SVaV 'found by: ltis%a.te3 at Tyalgum,i near MLumvilluiTibah, hanging from- a wire which he had placed round his neck« His parents reside, in. New Zealand. . , v - « The window erected in. St. Luke's Church, Scone, \to the memory of the late Canon Shaw . wa3 dedicated yesterday by Bishop Stretch. ' . It was unveiled by. .Mrs. Shaw,, wife of the late Canon. The bridge over the Banwon, near Collar- enebrl. is'ln a dangerous Mate. It has been patched lip several times, but a new bridge is necessary to carry the Increased traffic caused by the railway, extension. Owing .to the scarcity of agricultural la bour the West Prussian Chamber of Agri culture has resolved that the introduction of Chinese coolies, though deplorable from a national standpoint, Is Inevitable. ; The trustees of Lord Devon's .will have decided not to apply the £40,000 he left v towards restoring Holyrood Chapel, Edinburgh, because the work dann'ot be done without destroying the historical character of tho building, A London motor-omnibus work9 from eighteen to nineteen hours a day. In which time it covers about 115 miles; is stopped about 700 times, gears, will be changed 1035 times, and the brake applied about 233 0 times. In the South Brisbane Summons Court yes terday R. H. Dunmall, master of the steamer Patnol, pleaded guilty to unlawfully allowing Mah 'Soon, a prohibited Immigrant, to enter the Commonwealth, and was lined £100, with costs, a « Mr. Shaw, Secretary of the .United States Treasury, suggests that all banks should be required to Increase their reserves gradually, and keep them in their own vaults, with power to the .Secretary of the Treasury, to release them at his discretion. For the last three years about 100,000 working men, members of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, have, made three levies of Id each to help on the work of Raskin College in Oxford. This levy produces over £300 a year, and by means of It six engineers are mai/italned for a year's course of study in the college. 