VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, January 12. Margaret McCracken, late of Ascot Vale, widow, who died on September 19, left real estate valued at £3,700 and personal estate valued at £66, 374, and also the exercise of certain powers by will over part of the estate of Robert McCracken, deceased, of the value of £113,449. After providing small bequests for a number of friends and servants, the testatrix' bequeathed the bulk of, her property to her relatives. Walter Kelly, of Drumanure, was driving a stripper, when by some mischance his left foot got caught in the machine and was badly crushed. Lily Peake, aged, 10 years, received on cussion of the brain by being thrown from a cart at Ballarat. The girl was sitting in the vehicle when the horse bolted and ran into a verandah post, the impact hurling her with force to the road. It has been ascertained that the myste- rious" explosion at Malvern last night was caused by the firing of a ship's rocket. RUN OVER. BY A THRASHING MACHINE.- as John Letter has been admitted to the Maryborough. Hospital suffering from injuries sustained whilst driving a thrashing machine. While he was dismounting his foot caught in the wheel of the machine, causing him to fall The wheel passed over his left leg, which was broken above the ankle, and the right leg was badly con- tused. was -- SHIPMASTER CENSURED. ' Captain J. F. Brown, master of the steamer Flora, was censured by the Marine Board to-day for having entered the Heads without engaging the services of a pilot. He had not an exemption certificate. A CONVERSION LOAN. Mr. Bent had interviews to day with financial authorities, including representatives of the- banks, the chairman, of the Stock Exchange, and the, secretary to the Savings Bank Commissioners, with reference to the flotation locally of a loan of £1,500,000 for conversion purposes. ART UNION PROHIBITED. The Attorney-General has decided to prohibit an art union in the interests of the Mooroopna Hospital, except in respect to such articles as are wholly given. In make an application to be allowed to conduct the art under the committee said most of the prizes were donated, but one of the principal ones, a gig, was to be purchased at a reduced rate. ' AN INCORRIGIBLE BOY. At the Collingwood Court to-day a nine year-old. boy, William Shepherd was charged with having attempted to break into a dwelling. His father made the astounding statement that he had abso- lutely" no control over him. The lad was sent to the Department for Neglected Children. RAISING THE PRICE OF MILK. Owing to the scarcity of grass and the high price of feed, the Victorian milk producers have decided to raise the price or, milk by 1d. per gallon from Monday' next. ' TOSSED BY A BULL. Arthur Minty was admitted to the Bendigo Hospital, suffering from fracture of three ribs. He was in company with a man named Coe, who, as previously reported, sustained a severe scalp wound through being attacked by a bull. The animal also tossed Minty, but in his excitement he did not feel the effects of the injury until a day or two afterwards. Minty is the third person who has been injured by this bull. a" '.I. 1, '.«SHIPLOADS OF IMMIGRANTS. Melbourne, January 12. Mr Bent has received a letter from Carl Petersen, care of the Danish Consulate, Melbourne, stating that if given a special mission he would guarantee to bring as many shiploads of Scandinavian agriculturists to victoria as would be wanted. THE COMMERCIAL AGENTS. It has been arranged that the term of appointment of Messrs. Levien and Sinclair as commercial agents in the East and South Africa respectively should be for one year only, and not three. MINING CAGE BREAKS AWAY. While the ropes were being changed at the Chiltern Valley Consols mine to-day the cage got away, and fell to the bottom of the shaft, over 300 ft., injuring the timber. The grippers on the safety cage failed to act. The afternoon shift were unable to work, but operations will be resumed to-morrow afternoon. WERRIBEE PARK ESTATE. Considerable difficulty is being experienced in settling detailed terms for the purchase of the Werribee Park estate, and there appears to be a possibility of negotiations falling through. v 