TELLU-AVIS. Wednesday. The police in searching Cosbron's villa discovered many lethal weapons and sexton's atools. They are now searching the cellars, which were recently disturbed. The locomotive engineers' delegates withdrew from the railway officials' conference on account of concessions by the secretary to the amalgamated railway servants. Th'e soap combine lost a million and a-half before eollapsing. Germats, through the scarcity of meat. are importing large quantities o f 'n glis.i h erring s. A seri:.s dock acci'dent occurred at Auckl'nd, and 20 persons were inj:rcd azd two killed. Sir Da-.&i; gave it situctions that Chi-ese wresked ':n the Australian were to be L,:w: to land on Thur. day 3: ,a d u 'il re " to (r: coed ia tbh Chra . Th autho.rities t first forced ti:m f t live is a hIlk, alsthicgt ,al Commrn-'wealth and New Zealand rsid_-nt. The Corncl derided tJ take the Gamblig Ii c on uesdty. Thursday. Sir H:ry Campecll-'- inerman has warned the Lords that the Government wi'l stand no tampering with the Educa tion Bill. The non-conformists' leader, 1Dr. Cli:Tr:!, advocates t:e creation of 300 adicral Peers. rt Cha irtrlain i reg.stning strength. I Seven rer-ans were arrested for co=n apirene to defraud the West Ham Union. Emperor William told reeruits that those dying for the Fatherland would receive eternal reward=. The watthman of the Golden Arrow mine, istioosie, was bound, and the mire robbed of 80 tz. Secret negotiations to settle the buile inn strike fated. Further cifforts are to be made. Seventy-tight cans of fine oranges arrived fro Jerustacm by a German striner. cre jcury disagreed in the Crick-Willis cage. New Soah Wales is offcering land and emplment to suitable British immi gr ant, The thurnderstorm of the last two days is re.ig ct. Many telegraph lines have bece icterrupted. The Lunatic Asylum at Aarat was struck by lightnin,, and beasy hall storms fell in the North Western d" tricts,and cropswere damaged in many p'aees. a1: Bent roposes to establish a License "c luotdn Poard to value hotels and reduce their number by C600 in the next ten years, after which there will be full loces option sith compensation from fees only The Conceil has shelved the Female Suffrage Bill for six months. Friday. The Op:sitien attempt to delay the Plural Veting Abolition Bill until after the genera: e!ection or the noassage of the Female Franchise Bill was defeated. The Liverpool Chamber of Commerce passed a motion urging the King to veto the Commonwealth anti-Trust Bill, wohich is £?eribEd ns pernicious and on COe hundred and twenty-five Gipsies habte hen repatriated from Hull to Ham bar. Hunadredsa are still in England. John Be?ns declares himself a Srcial Democrat and not a State Socialist, and relies cn trades unions to do all required. Large indi?nation meetings are held therough the North of England over the Congo atrocities. Two more mutinous naval stokers at Pertnmuuth have been sentenced to im prisonment. A band of Bulgarians burned two Servian villagefs. Fourteen people, mostly widets and ehildren, were murdered. There are fresh native outbreaks round Ehartoem. Doctors Braga and Costa, members of the Portuguese Parliament, attacked the Hing over his debts, and an excited scene folelowed. Eventually the military was alled in and expelled the disturbers. Braga and Costa were suspended for a month. Preece. after examining a new system of wireless telegraphy introduced by Pouleen, a Danish inventor, says ti e death-knell of sparking telegraphy has been sounded. The Pooazen systemn is also suitable faor telephones. Mr Balfour has accepted Sir Henry Campbell-Banuerman's challenge over the Education Bill, but insists that there shall be a clear issue. The Spanish Premier has resigned through diffcelties between the Pope and religious orders. eis successor, Signor Morel, will form a more moderate Cabinet. The French War Office, after experiments, las adopted a steerable balloon. Leslie lucknall took a balloon from London to Vevey in 16 bours. A robunte explosion at a factory in West pjhalia killed 50 bands, injured hundreds at d ruined lmany buildings.; The Russian Government is replacing mil'tary Government in Turkestan with cirilians. One of the arrestei Westham workhouse guardians committed anicide while on bail. Rose Kandfeld wsalked into Rockefeller's office and threatened to kill him, but a clerk induced her to forego her intention by giving her a cheque for a million, which, however, he stopped by telephone. The -woman was a=crested at the hank and found to be insane. Indian experiments in wsireless telegraphy ahew that mountains do not interfere. The plot to dethrone King Peter of Perva f-died and the consopiratora aere ee. -teared to goat far 5 to 20 years. An exciting erne occurred when Parlia 2ment adjourned on Thursday night. Mr Toutcher accused .te Prendergasnt of having oeen h-ught by .fr Wren. and Mr Bent resented insinuation by V?i Prendergast of roving bribed members. To-day Mr Prendergast drew attention o i-he builders' strike and eaggeted . .a-ernmnt intereenEton. The Unhai?", to Ofnsider the ea?ggetion en Monday. The Small Holdings Bill is being dis cuseed. Archdeacon Langley has accepted the Bishopric of Bendigo. Mr Deakin at Varragul, was well re ceived. He attacked Mr Reid on fiscal grounds. Mr Reid, at Sydney, was pelted with eggs. Thomas Hill has been committed for trial over the Blue-jacket sporting telegram case. 