GENERAL MEWS. Miss. Jean Howteson, of Perth; Soot- j fend, delivered her dramatic recital on 'Bobby Burns' in the Oddfellows liaU last night. The audience was rather ! small, but if it oould have been more fully realized what a delightful treat was in store for the audience, wo feel sure the hall would have been crowded. ; . . . ? t_- riinse n resent thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Nothing better of its kind has probably ever been heard in Maryborough. Miss Howieson has a fine p.-esenee, and is a most accomplished speaker. She made it at onoe evident that she was an enthusiastic student of the life and works of Burns, and had sucoeeded I in oatctung ms resi s yint,, - — r sented in. beautiful language in all its varied aspeots. To many quite a new conception oT Burns and his genius was given, and was greatly appelated. The address was interepersed with readings and recitations given with fine tion, and' a most impressive effect, lhe Mayor (Alderman W. Dawson) Prided, and at the close of the recital Mr J. Dunlop moved and Mr. J. A. Canny seoonded. in most .eulogistic terms a hearty vote of thanks to Miss Howieson, which was oarried by apcUmation. To night Miss Howieson will give her e^nd recital, the subject being Ian Mao laren,' introducing Drumtochty charac teristics, Mrs- MacFayden, and the Ministers. D. Maolure, and others, lnis should be another intellectual treat of high order. The usual weekly meeting of the iiope ana fiaven ?--- held in the Good Templars Hall, John lane, on Tuesday evening last, mere was a good attendance of members, and Bro. D. P. Millar, C.T., presided. One candidate was proposed for member ship. Included in the correspondence was a communication from tne j B.W.G.T., Bro. Maline, giving par- , ticulars of the progress of the Order ( throughout the world. After the bU6i nese was disposed of the programme of the evening (a guessing competition) was then carried out. The prize, a handsome breakfast cruet, 'donated by Bro. D. S. O'Gorman, was won by Bro. J. Hill. Votes of thanks were acoorded to tho visitors, and to Bro. O'Gorman for his donation, and responded to by Bro. Flynn (Ark- of Safety) and Bro. O'Neill (Pride of Bauple Lodge), after which the lodge was closed in the usual manuer at 9.30 by the C.T. Mr. Bert Howe (late of the Ulster Hotel), Brisbane, advises us that he has now taken over the Custom House Hotel in this city, and intends running it on really first-class and up-to-date lines. ThiB hotel is known to be one the nicest situated and most comfortable hotels in the Wide Bay district, being close to the wharves and only five minutes' drive from the station. The hotel buggy meets all trains for the use of clients. Commercial travellers will find oommodious sample rooms at their dis posal, and the public generally, we are assured, may rely on best attention, good table, and every other comfort. The December 'Review of Reviews' just to band is crisp and informing. Its articles range over vast distances, from Federal politics to South American matters, practically 'from China to Peru.' Tbe editor, Mr. W. H. J udkins, writes on ' What tbe Law Oan Do,' and there is a splendid character sketch (which alone is worth the price of the magazine) on '? General Trepofi,' the famous military autocrat who, under tbe Czar, ruled the destinies of Russia for some time. As (he Federal elections will be held on the Wednesday of tho last week of the current sohoo] year, and ae many schools will be used as polling plaoee, teachera being employed as returning offioers, -fcc., the Minister for Eduoa tion has approved that all schools under the department shall break up for the summer vaoation on Tuesday, Decem ber 11. Three extra days will tTius be added to the ordinary vacation of five weeks. A meeting of the Tempo ranoe Sunday VAMeurai-iuil VAJuiuutTOC 'tto IH'Kl 111 rue Good Templars' Hall, John's lane on Wodnesday night. A letter was reoeived from the Sieoretary of the Sunday Sohool TInion, stating that owing to the heat, tho Union oould not agree to a pro oession of Sunday school children. It was decided that tthe present arrange ments be abandoned, and that Temper anoe Sunday be celebrated in the be ginning of the year by a grand united temperance demonstration. JTestordsy was another warm day with northerly' w-ind. At sunset there! was some promise of a thunderstorm in 1 the west, but after a little display of lightning the clouds 'dispersed, and the night was fine and almost cloudless. | At the Police Court j-esterday, be fore the P.M., F. Vaughan, Esq., John Mayfield, charged . with disorderly con duct, was fined 10s. or 12 hours' im prisonment. Speaking at the Sydney Sohool of Arte on Monday nigHt last, Mr. O. C. Beale, iu the oour9e of an address detailing ob servations made by him during a reoent trip round the world, had something to sav about what has been palled the Asia tic danger. In the United States it jvas estimated that there were over 100,000 Japanese, all seeking onijfc businesses in which to settle, and it was recognised there as a question whether America was going to be reserved for European 're same Question taoea Aus tralia. Was it to he reserved for the white races or were there to be brought in peoples who oould never afterwards be expelled ? Mr. Beale laid that he had been assured both in the United 1 States^ and Canada that there was no intention to allow free immigration of Asiatic people, and prominent men in the latter country had stated that they j wore resolved to go even for absolute exclusion of Chinese and Japanese if necessary. Speaking on the subject of the falling away- in the American 1 nation's birth-rate President Roosevelt had said to Mr. Beale that t.hp Ameri cans would have to alter their ways or they would have to make room for the .Chinese or Japanese, or whatever other race waR fated to replace them, for re placed they would be. Interesting particulars have been given ' by the Dutch papers abont a telegraph messenger, living at Sreda, who by self tuition has become a master of' lan guages. This man, now about 50 vears of age, oan speak and .write English, French, German. Danish, Spanir^i, Italian, Arabic, -Latin, Greek, Hebrew, and -Sanscrit, and is able to decipher hieroglyphic and cuneiform inscrip. tions. He has also a knowledge of cos mography. astronomy, phyeies, the his tory of art. and various other sciences, and can write Greek poems. Professor M. A. Imbert, of Montpel tier, whose work since 1896 has necessi tated his constant- exposure to the ac tion of the X-rays, relates his personal experienoe of' the influence of these rays upon the pigmentation of the hair of the beard and head. His hair began to lose it pigmentation as long as 3U vears &go;, and he can remember that it least 12 years ago every trace of pig mentation had disappeared' from his beard. But recently ta^ pigment ba& gradually returned, and he now is en abled to say without fear of contradic tion that, -at quite a modest estimate, he has become rejuvenated to the extent of some 15 or 18 years. . He assures us, (says the 'British Medical Journal'), that exposure to. the influence of tha Rontgen rays is tho only possible cause to which this ecviaoie improvement in his appearance is attributable, and cites in confirmation, a similar result which he has obtained, in conjunction with D. Marques, upon a patient who submit ted to radiotherapeutio treatment at their hands. Professor Imbert's ob servations are not of sufficiently long standing to enable him to say Eow lon^ this restoration of pigment persists, but it certainly remains for many months, and may, he suggests, continue for years. A picturesque, and in another sense startling, phenomenon broke the mono tony of the steamer Airlie's reoent voy age along tbe northern coast of Aus tralia (says the '8.D. Teelgraph'). At 11 o'clock on, the night of October 10, Captain Williams was summoned to the bridge by the offioer on watcli, who re ported a* line of heavy breakers on the port bow and several emauer patches in closer proximity to the _ steamer. Knowing accurately the position of his vessel the presence of ^the reef needed explanation, and Captain Williams set out to investigate.^ What appeared to be breakers were simply phosphorescent illuminations of the eea, 60 brilliant, in deed, that the passengers inclined to tho belief that -a search-light was playing upon a real line of surf. Captain Wil liams mentions that here may be found the reason for several reefs observed by night, but which have not yet been seen lay day. One of these, the Golden Reef, in the vicinity of Torres Straits, tho Airlie he reel f has sailed over, yet never touched nor seen. Another is the Imberborne, ill the Solomons, and a third was observed near the Brampton Shoals, but H.M.S. Penguin searched in vain to disoover it. At the Lismore Police Court on Mon day Michael Gahan was charged on nine counts with supplying oream to the Alstonville Butter Factory from diseased cows. Malcolm M'Eacliran, verterinary inspector, and Stock In spector £. Bruce visited defendant's farm on October 27th, and condemned nine cows as suffering from tuber culosis. The Crown sought to prove that these cows had been milked that morning, and the milk put with that of other cows and separated, and the cream sent to the Alstonville factory. Mr. Adrian, P.M., decided to impose fines in six oases. In the first he fined defendant £5, with 35s. witnesses' ex penses, and 9s. oosts, and in tho re maining cases the penalty was 10s. for each, with costs. The cows were stated to have been destroyed. Defendant said he was rarely at the farm, and left things to his manager. He did not- know he had any diseased boasts until informed by the inspectors. An analysis of cigarette smoke has rather an alarming appearance. It contrains traces of pirussic acid and pryidine, some ammonia, rather over 1 per cent, of niootine, and its volume is made up largely of carbon mon-oxide, tho poisonous gas which is a read}- help to certain forms of suicide. Nicotine is a volatile alkaloid of complex struc ture. In the tobacco, it is said to be in , combination with oxalic and citric acid. A toxic dose of nicotine at first accelcr I ates respiration and pulse, and after I wards produces depression and oollapsc; I but in smaller amounts the animal I body rapidly acquires a tolerance for it. | N'ijptine itself rarely gives rise to poisoning unless intentionally adminis tered. Tobacoo is not an exceptionally evil product of nature, for tne dry distillation of almost any leaves gives products producing somewhat similar symptoms. !A Russian peasant woman from one of the villages came to market at Lodz I (according to the 'Rozwoj') with a two year-old girl, Vhom she -exhibited for | sale, (riving the price at 36s. A big crowd of people collected quickly, and there wore very many willing to buy the unusual iioods. Twenty, twenty-six, an! thirty shillings were offered, but the I seller M ould not come down a single fienny. She explained to the curious is teiiers that the mother had placed tho child with her to be brought up, pro mising to pay her accordingly for it, I but fell ill, and now she does not pay Uany longer and does not take the girl ' b-'rk. The mother owes- lier thirty-six shillings, which the seller decided, with the consent of the mother, to get back by means of auctioning the girl. 'There is no luck in natural science, and no trained laboratory student has faith in luck ' was the statement of Mr. J. B. Henderson in a highly in teresting paner on 'The 'Value of Laboratory Training,' read before the University Congress in Brisbane on Thursday. ' His whole training teaches him that bad luck is merely another expression for Had work, and his work is only accurate as be eliminates, luck and chance. How can the gambling spirit flourish in a student trained to calcu late results and to disbelieve in luck? A good course of laboratory work in any branch of natural science will do moro to kill the gambling spirit in a young man than ail the Anti-Gambling Acts that ever were passe4-' (Great Laugh ter.) An ingenious Ameiican lately com I-ui--u mat in tne united states aione half a ton of pure gold, equivalent to half a million of dollars, was annual1.' put, as stuffing, into the teeth of ths livinjr, or otherwise employed by ' h*3 dentist ; and Inasmuch «s none of this precious metal is ever extracted after death, our shrewd calculator 'reekoj- ed that.. ,at that, rate, a quantity of gold equal to all that is now in cir culation uouL-I. in the course of three centuries be lying buried in 'the earth. Mr. Ijloyd-^Gteorge- laments that a lip oannot bp overtaken,' and in the course of a letter to the. if 35ma? ' explain? \ that a falsehood, interests and pleases certain napers; Ae truth does neither, and so is bad f*conv/' f' J have nev#r,?' , he sail, 'tried to catrfi one up betor^. 1 Nob* I am mare oonvinoed than ever that to attempt- it is to sweat in vain, for the fleet fiction and the pursuing fact travel by divergent roads to dif ferent^ destinations. Moreover, the un truth ' has always innumerable willing hands to help it along the roa4-' ''Tweed Times'' is respmsible for the statement that Mr. PTT SPalker's dairy herd of 61 cows gave phenomenal salts for September, wben iho herd ag gregated jnst one ton' of butter— 2240 lbs., or at the rate of for each cow for the month. . Z|ipr@'« eMn£f-'I1K j in 'treeing no* 