Hori, John iiughes, MJL.G* RETURN FROM EUROPE. INTERESTING EXPERIENCES. Tlio Hon. John Hughes, M.L.C , Vico Prosidont of the Executive Council, and Mrs,. Hughos returned to Sydney aftor a soven months trip on Monday momiing last. 'The holiday was primarily undertaken for health reasons, and tho many friends of $10 hon. gentleman will bo delighted to hea:;-' tiiateho ii»« ccrnm uiick witn renewed Health anil vlgoUr. A few hours' a.fter his iUMjiyal ?.. ho fllliuj hihlsetl tfneo hioi'o into his political ditties, and attended a uMieting of the Qahi ilet. ? ' ' ?-?' Iii, cotlven-satioit with a 'Frociiian'1 repor tUi1, Ml\ Hughes stilted that whilst away ho Virtlted Boli to, aiid llimsolf and Mir*, Hughes irtkl tlio special privilego of ft private audi- . elieo with HiS Holiness Ptipo Pius X, Tho Sovereign Pontiff is liiglily oSteoiiicd ill Itditto by illil.' classes, arid Mr. Hughes was greatly struck by his groat rcsomblanoo to Pills IX j, with whom ho had an audienco thirty years ago. Pius X. spoko to tho Australian visi tors for soino time, and afterwards hold a public audionco, at which ho .received .many visitors. A fow days later Mr. Hughos was completely surprised when ho received an invitation from tho British Ambassador in Rome that tho 'Ring' of Italy would bo ploasod to roccivohini. Ho found his Majesty' a 'most intelligent gentleman, who had an extraordi nary knowledge of affairs outside ,hivS own country. Ho spoko at length on Australian topics, and wiimt struck Mr. Hughos most romaxkably waa tho great 'knowledge tho King had of , Australian flora and fauna. Aftor leaving Italy,' Mr. arid' Mrs'.' Hughos ? went- to England. Ho visited the House of Commons during the Education debate, where ho anet tho leader of the Irish Party, Mr. John E. Redmond, and his brother William, and others. Afterwards Mr. Hughes went t-o the House of Lords, where ho mot Lords Car rington, Jorsey, and Bcaucha.mp, and was received very warmly by each of our former Govornors. Of course, he wont to renew ac quaintance with his old col!ogo at Stony hurst, the present Rector of which is an old school fellow of his, as are also two of the masters, tho Rev. Fathers Corhy, the famous nsitronomor, and Gunning, who wero delighted to seo their former college mate. Mr. Hughes accompanied tho Rector to London to attend tho annual Stonyhurst dinner, where he mot many old friends. It wns Mr. Hughos's in tention to visit Ireland, but his plans word interfered with, and ho loft Liverpool on Juno 29th on tho maiden trip of tho .Empress of Ireland, the Oanndian-Pnoific Railway stoamor, which carriod 800 specially-selected immigrants — mostly Scandanavians. He was greatly struck with tlio excellent system the Canadian Government employs in. irocoiving its immigrants. They get passages across at reduood rates, are met on arrival by Govern ment officials, their effects, so long as they are 'settlors' offocts,' are passed froo of Customs duty, and they are carried at cheap rates to tho locality of thoi;:- free Brant of land. Canada, was making ovory effort to attract i muni grants, and the result was that a constant drain was pouring into the 'Do minion. Mr. Hughes was a firm- beliover in ». sound immigration 'poMcy. for Australia, jbut wo could not compote with Canada for rea sons which ? woro abundantly evident, chiefly in .respect of distanoo and the cost of getting pooplo hero. All. tho samo, ho found wliore oyor ho wont that great interest was' boing taken in this country, and ho met .with'^n quir,ies .regarding it whorovor he travelled. He confirms the impressions of othor' travel- lers that Australia requires more advertising abroad, and is glad to hoar that out Intelli gonco Department is doing something in this respect. With regard to Australian produce .. in London, Mr. Hughos considers that it, would pay this country to follow tho example of New Zealand, Canada j Donmairkj --and other countries, and havo a commercial- agent in London,, who would' supervise products sont into tho markets. ' Thb, of course, should 1)0 the concern of the Fedora l%utho: ritios. Denmark pays an 'agent to special lyj watch its interests, and run :t6;f earth 1 all* frauds porpetratcd by sellers of ; goods' rppro- sonted us Danish, when, they.; p^e not. .Iho, Agont-General, Mr, CoghlHnV has booiwanr* struniontal in bringing sovoral -pepplQ ^w book, but it wan really worki.whio|^o^g!vt; to bo porformed, if it was to bo don-j;W)roughly/; by an oflicor with no other \ responsibility,' on his shouldors. . ', '. .. '.^...v.. ~.Vu v,;.. ;..;/:;; Mr. Hughes stayed a fow dayman ;Qucbo^ t.hnn ? ? wrtiit on to Toronto, and visited tlio famous Niagara Fnlte, and aft^-waUidfl tho Rookif!«, then journeyed to VanooUvor, ' whoro ho joinetl tho Aorangi for Sydney, ,\ 'Mr. John Pomoroy, for many years iidoii ti- fiod wltli the Sydney firm o,f Messrs., Dav :cl Jonw Mid Co., of which ho was an iict^iyo uortiiov, died at his rooidpneq, Homobus ? i, on 'l\ies-lay, at -the ago of 70. He was held in high esteem in business circlos. and toole an activQ personal interest in tjh'j Ohildrons Hospital and similar philanthropic liiBtntu tioiis. Ho retired f«)in huM\^H-i abovlt LJ yoam ugo to londu qui«-t- home l.lo. Ho h.us left a widow and two sons (John and Arthur) and two daughters, ono of whom iii inwmod, ' und living in London, ;, ';,..,-. ? ? '? ' i ? '? ?'?:.:.: , ,.:? ? 