News and Notes.!' \- In an action heard at the Alaryloborio. County Couyt a diminutive arid . anaemic looking . city clerk and a member of the St. , Jamcs-the-Loss football, club claimed the price. of a new set of teeth from a farrier, member of a West London club. Defendant, it was said, had struck .plain tiff from behind, and knocked three! teeth out, after a friendly match at. Wormholt farm. Evidence was given by a .witness named Siogger, whom the' judge jocularly suggested might have been defendant; De fendant . scouted the idea of a rearguard attack, and said he- was simply accepting plaintiff's invitation to fight, and making .victory doubly' sure by getting in the first blow. (Lauglitor.) They had had a ois- , putc . on a nice little football point, and ; plaintiff" .had challenged him -to combat. I (Renewed laughter.) "What would y'do if a fellow asked y'to fight ?" defendant suddenly snapped out at plaintiff's solici tor, to the amusement of the court. Mr. Morrell (cautiously) : It depends on the challenger's size. (Laughter.) After a dentist in . court had made an examination or- plaintiff's mouth, at the judge's request, the member of the church club was awarded. £5 for his damaged teeth. A pathetic case occupied the Marylcbono Police Court when Lawrence Ernest Smith, 25; shoemaker, of 11 Portcus road, Padding-ton, was charged with shooting his sweetheart, Helena Phill- pot. Both persons are ileal and dumb, and tho evidence had to be interpreted through signs by tho chaplain of the Royal Association in Aid of tho ' Deaf and Dumb. The complainant was in ser vice at Alaida Hill West, and on 23rtl June prisoner called at the house for her. After accompanying her shopping, lie re turned to the gate, and, as they were parting, shot licr in the mouth with a pistol. The bullet passed into licr neck, and was subsequently extracted. When arrested at Putney, prisoner had a loaded revolver in his pookct. In reply to. the charge,- he wrote,- "I cannot write now clearly ; too much headache, I am voir wicked. Now God forgive ; me. Miss j Phfllpo-t will bo rest heaven.' ! ) He subsequently wroto to tho girl's ' employers : "My sweetheart lady always cross to mc. . . % Kill shoot; B t K She will good rest dead." Prisoner was committed for trial,- At a recent trial, Mr. Avory, -K.C., in ' opening an appeal re the Castio Hotel, Eynsforil, in Kent; said that tho.defend- | ants had printed and proposed to put up a -notice that "On and after 10th Decem ber, 1905, no person. would bo' served with refreshments on tho Lord's Day, ex cept visitors staying ' in the . hotel and their guests. Furthermore, no, person would' in future, be served with alcoholic jdrlnk moro frenuently than jmoe ; during any morning, afternoon, or evening of any one day of the week." The question was whether the business carried on -in. accord-, ance. with the ' notice was, or-, was not/' a breach of the covenants.-. In consider-, ing what houses .' should he .closed iri accordance with recent' legislation, it, was. usual to consider tile amount of " trade "done by the houses, and anything that tended to diminish the trade jeopardised the license. Tho object of tho defendants was to sell as little malt liquor us possible. Lord Justice Moulton said they were under no obligation .to -sell as much , as possible. Mr. Rufus Isaacs, K.C., in support of the judgment of the court below, said that the house was converted into an hotel with the sanction' of the plaintiffs, and that . the defendants were entitled to .carry it on as an hotel .in any manner, they chose. ' The further hearing was adjourned, - So far we ("Daily News") havo re ceived no contradiction of a correspon- dent's statement that the torches used in the Birmingham procession in honour of Mr. Chamberlain were "made in Ger many." "Erdington," another Birming ham correspondent sends us a copy of a letter which he addressed to "The Bir mingham Mail," seeking to, clear up tho matter. The letter has not been pub lished. We give it as offering strong cor roboration of tiic original statement : "I attended the meeting at Bingley Hail last evening to hear Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, and was amply repaid for the discom forts endured by the words of wisdom which fell front his lips. This morning, much to ray surprise, I find it is common knowledge that the torches used in the procession were not of British make, and were, in fact, marked with the name of a foreign manufacturer. Perhaps the re sponsible parties will contradict tiiis statement, if untrue, as surely the ad vocates of Tnrlll Reform would not use a foreign article when a British one could have been procured for the same purpose."- The neglect to answer or insert so tem perate a communication is suggestive An exceptionally largo crowd ot buyers was attracted to the annual sale of cattle and sheep bred by Mr. Ilenry. Budding, at ltiby Grove, 'Grimsby. Over £13, im,. was realised by the. sale. Fourteen hun dred and fifty guineas was the price ob tained, for the shearling rain Riby, Derby champion, which won the first, prize at tho Royal Show at Derby this year. This is the highest figure ever' obtained in Eng land for a ram. The ram was purchased by Mr. Miller, Birkenhead, to bo sent, to Buenos Ayrcs. Among tile cattle £1,000 Tor- the two-year-old roan, bull Prince Alaslair was the Highest figure obtained. The bull was purchased- by Air, Pearson to be sent to South America, In the annual, return on emigration and immigration it is indicated that last- year tho alien population of the United King dom showed a decline and not an in crease. The total figures for the year show. that while 107,733 foreigners came in from Europo there left this country 113,570 more ; foreigners for non-European countries than arrived irom those same places ; consequently' nearly 5,000 more aliens left England last year than arrived here. In previous years, says tho re turn, the resulting balance has invariably been in the other direction. After allow ing for tho possibility ot errors the re port concludes : "Taking the figures, how ever, as a rough index oi'the general re sults of tho passenger movement it can probably be said with some degree of certainty that tho alien population ot the United Kingdom cither decreased in 1005, or, if it increased, it increased to a much less degree than in former years,"- »' Is it really .true," Mr. Algernon Ashton wants to know, "that, as stated in your issue ot to-day, tho lato Sir William Ilarcourt's reason for dcclin- iug a peerage was that he preferred to remain an English gentleman ? Tho answer is that. Mr. Ashton' allows' his democratic sympathies to run away with him. Wo (London . paper) aro surprised to find, so woll informed a . man con tending that a Peer oi Parliament is a mere gentleman. Ho is a nobleman, and nothing but that, as Air. Samuel Wisllcr would say. If- the modesty of tho lato Sir William Ilarcourt led him to tho conclusion that ho would not shino as a lord, we think tho attitudo a reasonable one. A sense of the limitations of one's genius is not a fault, surely. When Sir William, said those words, as wobc- licvo that he did, be had in mind, no doubt,- the fact that when ono ceased to be a gentleman and become a peer, one instantly lost importance as a per sonal force, and began to trade upon a titlo, with the full support and en couragement of the English people. .This view is intelligible enough, we think, in \- a man not" .without pride. James Clark, a pauper in St.' Giles's Workhouse,- was charged at Bow street jwtth assaulting workhouso fifflclals He struck the master with a mallet/ 'Ac cused adopted a very .. truculent attitude I in court, and abused tho officials. Ho said that he was reading a paper 'called " Justice '' to -tho inmates, and when ho I camo to a rcferenco to Mr. John Bums they all - laughed. It was sta'tcd that prisoner had been an inmate ci tho .workhouso since he -was two- years old. In 1883' he wus sentenced to penal ser vitude for trying to set the workhouso on fire. 1-Ie was sentenced to three months'- hard la'bour. Another; pauper, William Taylor, who had accused tho St. Gilcsjs officials of persistently ill- treating him and another inmate, was charged- at tho same court with refrac tory- conduct. A pauper named AI'Kcn- zlo declared that St. Giles's Workhouso was a British Bastille, This witness was spoken of - as an agitator. Tho magistrate said the allegations' of ill- treatment had not been proved. 1-Ie sen tenced Tayjor to seven days'- imprison ment, '- -Of tho 021 samples of ginger, herb, and. botanic beers sold as tcmperanco drinks, examined, at the .British Governriiant laboratory during tho year ended' 31st. March last, 319 . contained spirit in excess of the legal limit of two percent. The worst caso was that of a drink -which contained 0.5 per cent of proof spirit. In 1.533 samples of beer and brewers' mate rials analysed, 70 were found to contain arsenic in .excess oi the limit; of; 226 samples of malt, 20 exceeded tho limit ; of 737 samples of glucose, invert sugar, caramel, &c;!, only one contained more than one-hundredth oi a grain per lb. There were 22 prosecutions for -soiling so- called temperance drinks containing , ex cess ot alcohol,, jutf 181 for diluting, or adulterating beer. Butter samples cxnin- .incd amounted to 1,875, of whioh. 937 contained boron preservative anil " 017 added colouring matter. Fitty Belgian samples of butler wore indicated as Ital ian, Danish butter was indicated in over 100 cases as cither Swedish, Russian, or Siberian, a German sample was said to come from Finland. Some "Swiss" con densed mill: examined included "amples which came in . reality from Belgium, France, Holland, Norway, and oven Ja maica. A sample of "colTec" was actually found to contain 00 per cent ot rhicory. In . celebration of the Clergy Relief Cor poration, a special service was held at St. ' Margaret's, Westminster, and tile Bishop of Stepney, preaching, said that only the bishops knew the amount of distress among tho clergy cf their dio cese, unsuspected and unrelieved. The in come of one-half of their nalisii clergy was less than £180 a year. The laity hail no right to expect the services oi an edu cated gentleman for the wages of a skilled artisan with more than an arti san's social responsibilities. Later, at the annual meeting the Bishop of .Si ut.liwa.rk said the existence of underpaid ministry was a shame to the church und a shame to the laity of tho church. At one period last winter something akin to a reign of terror existed in the jewellery quarter of Birmingham. Scarcely a night passed when one or more establishments were not entered. The police made a number of arrests, and the neighbourhood enjoyed a welcome re spite. Apparently, however, a new gang of thieves recently begun work in the locality. -When Air. Haywood, jun . , of tho firm of J. Haywood and Co., ot Great. Hampton street, opened the premises one morning lie discovered that the works had been visited bv thieves. They contented themselves with forcing a desk, but their haul was not large. . A few gold and silver' brooches and banglus, valued at £15, were- missing. On the broken glass of tlie window through which entry was obtained aru a number of very clear finger-print impressions which tho police hojic will lead to the identity of the cul- pnt. Fifteen thousand Douglas visitors mado a two-mile country pilgriiuugu to Brud- dou old churchyard recently to attend re ligious service there. . Bishop Straton, in making an appeal oil behalf of tho Alanx Church susteiitation fund, which lie estab lished and which is of great benefit to the poor clergy,- mado an interesting an nouncement in regard to his appointment by . the . late Lord Salisbury. His -lord ship asked him what lie would like to do to murk his episcopuey, and mentioned that there wus a groat deal of talk- about restoring the old cathedral in Peel Castle. The bishop told the Prime Min ister lhat-lio -would like to leave- that to his successor, and would do what ho could to get a- living wagu for the clergy - On that Lord Salisbury -said, "God bles« you," and God had blessed his efforts. The bishop informed tho congregation that thoro were eight married clergymen in the island with incomes under £150 If .present experiments in Sheffield are as successful as is expected, the crucible steel trade will be revolutionised. The .demand for the cheaper qualities of this steel has been seriously affected by tho increasing use of Bessemer , and Siemens steels ; but - now . efforts to construct eruciblo steel furnaces to be heated by gas instead oi coke havo answered so well that there is a saving of £2 to i 1 per ton in smelting alone. It is not known yet whether the now system will give equally good results in the produc tion of the highest class of tool steel as the old coko smelting furnace, hut there is,- it is believed, - a wide field for com peting in the cheaper qualities. Recently a member of tho House cf Commons who; on rising, was received with Ministerial cheers and laughter asked tho President of tho Board of Trade whether his attention had been called to the growing trade in torches between Get- many and Great Britain r, whether ho was aware that at a recent demonstra tion in Birmingham 5,000 Gorman torches were used, mid that none of them were marked "Made in Germany " ; and whether, as tho sale of such articles with out such a mark, constituted an inrriugo- I ment of the Alorchandise Marks Act, bo ; could state why theso were allowed to ilio imported, and whether any legal pro ceedings would follow on their importa tion. Mr. Lloyd George : I havo no official information on tho subject to which tho hon, member's question points But I am glad to know that tho fol lowers and admirers of the right lion gentleman the member for West Birmings nam appreciated, for at least one even ing, the ' advantages of freetrado. I liavo great doubt as to whether there was any contravention of tho Alorchandise ATarks Act. .In , any case, action would lie difficult now, as I understand tho last .particle ot .evidence as to. the nationality JL -j jof tho torches was consumed in tho course"-!- of the festivities; \ -I' I'- l; One ' of tho most important pictures owned' by Air. Alfred Beit -was Reynolds's fine group of Lady Cockburn and her children, left to. the nation in 1892, under tho will ol Mariana Augusta, Lady .Ham ilton, afterwards found : to he ineffective. Alany thought he would . re-hcqucath it to the nation, and this may lib the case. In . 19U0, soon alter the National Gal lery authorities handed it hack to tho co-heiresses of Sir James Cockburn. to whom it was found' rightfully to belong, Mr. Alfred Beit purchased it for £32,000, This is a by.-.no means incorisiderablo amount, of. course, but' it. is only about onc-flftli of ..what Mr., Picrpont Morgan gavo; a' , yqar Jafcr for. tile Raphael, which remains on loan . dn Trafalgar's Square, and it is short by £8,000 of tho sum paid, for -tho Darnlcy ; -Titianv and Gains- borpugh's -"Duchess - of /Devonshire."- Then the Berlin;. gallery;. liad'the'good fortune In 1891- to -obtain Rembrandt's ." Anslo and'; His Wifo ."—which, .like the enchanted little landscape . in' Amsterdam, wo now recognise; should never have been' allowed to leave England— for £27,000, , v.-' <mniirlC nag/ a rc'Prcscntativo or! the tW Lir7S iis?ys a corrcsPonUcnt or tnat paper),. called on ino with reference to my pamphlet, ."The Taxation of iu'0P,shiK a ' proportional stamp duly on tickets; of admission to- .theatres, music halls, proprietary race meetings, hotting rings, 'Ac., to prbvido a portion of thc- cosliof old age pensions. In ,1886. when I first brought the sugges tion under l|ie notice of the Board of ln- lairil Revenue, in "whoso service I then was, I also sent -'copies - of the proposal to the Ministers , of - Finance of various countrucs.- After many ; days, I am find ing- the fiscal bread that I cast upon the waters 20 . years ago, for, in addition to . tho hill before the Berlin municipalitv, a tax on theatre tickets, &o.;, has been in force in Russia, and also In several of our colonial possessions, for some - years. On the formation of tile county councils, they being in want 1 of revenue, I sub mitted the particulars of my 'proposal to the chairman of 'the London Comity Coun cil, Lord Rosehery, and tho chairman of tho Taxation Committee, the late Lord Farrer, and every member of t-lio council. 1' also forwarded papers to the chairman of every council in England, whose vari ous opinions and replies appeared at the time in tho "Daily News.'' Ono September evening three centuries buck, a lady rode' up to ihc Qucciics Armcs, at Charmoiith, with a man, us if a servant, on tile pillion behind her. Tim ,ady was Aiiss Juliana Coningsby, of a good Dorsetshire slock, and licr servant was King Charles II., who hoped by this means to get safely t.o France, after tho disastrous- field of Worcester. He hud ridden all the way from Trent, in Urn northern confines of the county, hoping (o find a vessel at Charmoiith.. The ship was not there, for the captain's wife, good woman, having an inkling of what was afoot and the danger thereof, had locked up licr husband, and, to malio ail suro, concealed tliu most indispensable portion of bis clolbes. ATler n night of suspense with the horses in I lie 'stable playing ins part of groom, Charles lm<i to make ins way back to Trenl, and wail another opportunity. But even at the Qtuames Arines lie lmd a loval ad herent. Next day, nflcr the part'y lmd got elenr away, a blacksmith, who had ? J!1"' of l,lc horses, (old the parson tlu» thrco ulher shoo.s ciiuk I'roiu Worcester. The parson, who divined what lmd happened, hurried to the inn, and accosted the. landlady : "How now, Mar garet, you aru a maid of honour," "What mean yoit by that, Air. 1 'arson V " "Charles Stuart lav at your house last night," replied the minister, "and kissed you on his departure, so that .von can not be other than a maid of honour." "B I believed it was Ihc king," replied the gallant landlady, "1 would think -the better of my lips all the days of my life." 