MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1906. It has been stated that the United States is disposed to sell to Japan, the Philippine Islands which she won from Spain, and which have been hard to govern. Australia would natural ly be much interested in such a trans action. When the war with Spain was raging we did not perturb our selves very much. The occupation of the islands by the Saxon race was, however, a most useful thing for Aus tralia. These islands are about six days' voyage north of Australia that is to say, as far as New Zea land. In a twinkling a bargain could be made, and the foremost Asiatic race would be thousands of miles nearer than before; the Saxon buffer would be removed and Australia placed on the verge of politics of a new order politits of a world- wide significance. An autocratic country can use its armies better than a democracy, and the very fact that the Japanese are hinting at stimulating Britain to im prove her army is a sign of a new era. The virile Asiatic, in fact, lectures the greatest world power in history. The yellow man will, sooner or later, pres: hard and sure on the white man, and all the immigration restriction acts in the world be numbed. Very few are noting the moves of the United States, iut when they propose to bring Japan as near as New Zealand, it is time to wake up. Whilst not disparaging these, the best of Asiatics, we need a British Australia. When a silent shuffle as of a pack of cards would add 7,000,000 of people to Japan, and also 128,000 square miles of land, we are all drawn nearer to new history. These quiet workings call for atten tion. In a book entitled "The Ro mance of Exploration" (edited 1905), we find this-"Thursday Island at tracts adventurers from all parts of the world, especially from Japan-a fact which gives it notability as being the first British colony to feel the pressure of that expansive and ener getic nation." The work is by Archi bakl Williams, F.R.G.S., and in his eyes Australia is already under Japan ese occupation, for Thursday Island is about as far from our coast as Mel bourne is from Colac. A great qiues tion arises, "Did the cry 'White Aus tralia' die at the naval battle of Tshu-Shima ?" At any rate, the oc cupation of the Philippine Islands on the lines referred to would be another soene in a rapidly urfolding drama. The dedication of the new Roman Catholic Church at Beech Forest will \- take place on Sunday, 25th inst., the ceremony being performed by the Arch bishop of Melbourne, assisted by the Bishop of Ballarat. The St. Augus tine's Orphanage Band will be in at tendance. A special train will run from Colac, returning the satme day. Special arrangements are being made for the convenience of the public, and as there are only a limited umnber of tickets for the special train, those de sirous of talking part in the outing should make early appl'ication. A County Court will be held at Colac next Tuesday, for which the fol lowing cases are listed .:-James Deans, junr., v. Thomas T. Mulder, damnages for breach of contract, £25. John 11. Hering v Michael T. White, damages for injuries caused by negligence, £49. The half-yearly report of the direc tors of the Camperdown Butter Fac tory reads :-'",'ilke received for the six months, 2,477,100 gallons of 10 lb each. Price paid per gallon 4.2:!ild, and all skim milk returned free; but ter produced from above milk, 1,073,712 lbs ; price paid per lb of butter to suppliers, actual churn results, 9.ld ; price paid per lb of butter to sup pliers as per test 10.03d; cost per lb of butter of making and marketing (including maintenance), 1.34d; aver age yield, I lb of butter to 23.07 lbs of milk. The prolit shown is £.83 12/7, which your directors propose to carry forward." Mlrs Austin, of Colac, sustained a sad bereavement on Saturday by the de.nth of her son Charles. The deceased was a popular lad, as was shown by the large number of juvenile Itechabites who attended the funeral, between 50 and 60 marching in front of the hearse. The coffin bearers were Bros. H. Lewis, E. Bartlett, A. Wilson, N. Hills, J. Ayres, and G. Inglis, the pall bearers being Bros. W. Eunnis, W Thompson, N. 3P'Cure, A. Parkes, W. Shepherd, W. Flemming, E. II. Lewis and J. M'Grath. The Rev. S. A. Beveridge conducted the service at the grave, the Rechabite service being readl by Superintendent Bro. A. M'Kay. Mr Geo. James had charge of the inortuary arrangements. The crime records show that alien criminality in on the increase in Lon don. On a single day no less than nine foreigners were sentenced at the Old Bailey alone for serious oliences. Two were convicted on charges of robbery with violence and five on other robbery charges. All the pri soners will be e.xpellecd from the coun try after they have served their sen fences. An old age pensioner, named Shichael Cullen, was charged at the local court on Saturday with drunkenness and was fined 10/, or three days' imprisonment. Gullen drew four weeks' pension on the previous day. Mr Parkinson, J.P., directed the police to report the man to the Old Age Pensions Office. The fortnightly meeting of the Young Hope of Colac Tent, I.O.R., was held in the Temperance Hall on Friday. last, Bro. A. Wilson, C.R., presiding. One new member was initiated and two proposed. After the business of the meeting, Mr W. Clarke entertained the lads with his powerfiul lantern, the slides, which were humor ous and good, comprising local and foreign views, besides a good set of humorous ones. The entertainment was thoroughly enjoyed by all pr'e sent. Bro. 1. Lewis moved a h.iarty vote of thanks to MIr Clarke for his linidness in providing the entertain meat. Mr Clarke promised to enter tain them at greater length on some tj future occasion. M?ilking Maehines.-Mr T. W. "Cro thers, Woodford, who uses Lawrence Kennedy-Gillies Milking Machines, states ;--"f he machines are a thorough success; they do their work without a hitch, and after experiencing their great benefit, I would not go back i to the hand mi,king on any considera- I tion. With the aid of one lad, I milk 82 cows in 2j hours easily, so that tho saving in ,abor alone soon repaysthe cost of the plant. I find the average quantity of milk is fully maintained. I intend increasing my herd, and put tibg on an extra machine next sea son."-(Advt). The latest report on the London butter market, under date 8th inst., is as follows :-Danish.-There is no change this week in the official quota tion at Copenhagen. Victorian--The market is still very unsettled, and there is a wide range in values. The enquiry for imsaltod has improved, and values since last week have slight ly hardened. Receivals.-The total imports into the United IKingdom last week (3rd) were 112,000 cwt, as com pared with 69,000 owt for the same period of last year--an increase of 43,000 cw-t. With the heavy imports it is hardly surprising that the mar ket is somewhat depressed. 