p INTERCOLONIAL. The Settlers for Australia,, Mr. August Larsen writes to the Immigra tion ^ League : — 'In nearly all publications ' : inviting people to settle in the colonies, the following phrase can be seen, 'What we want is farmers with a few hundred pounds'' cftpi . tal.to take up land.' But the number of such farmers willing to emigrate is very . limited, and they are afraid of losing their few hundred pounds. Although everybody appeals to these people 'with a few hun dred pounds in their Dockets,' is it quite certain that these men are really the best and most desirable settlers? I do not think so. It will be best understood what class of people I mean by quoting the fol lowing facts: — 'On May 5, 1905, I assisted a young Danish farm labourer, Kristian Kjeldsen, to go to West Australia. He pro mised to let me know how he 'was getting on, and also to write me in a year's time. On July 24, 1906, I received from him the following letter, written from Upper Swan, West Australia: 'Mr. August Larsen, Lon . don, — According to my promise I am writ ing to you again, after being in West Aus tralia for one year, and I must tell you that I am very pleased with everything here. I think of taking up land next year after the harvest, 'me wages here are very good, but still I think more money can be made if I do something for myself. — Yours, etc., Kristian Kjeldsen.' No, in my opinion, Mr. Kjeldsen is ., the best man Australia can get. He can work and he can save money. Mr. Kjeldsen, with hi;-. £40 saved during the first year he was in Australia, will in all probability in a few years' time be a '. prosperous farmer, and will be ahead ' of the man who arrives with a 'few hundred pounds in his pocket,' because he has learn ed the value of money. He has proved that he can save money; moreover, he has saved \- every penny in tlie country he has adopted, . whilst the majority of those young men ???'with a few hundred pounds in their poc kets,' and to whom everybody makes love, ' has none of these advantages, and nearly everyone of whom come to a new 'country with money which they have not saved them selves. I think everybody will agree with me that Mr. Kjeldsen with his £40 saved in the first year is a most desirable settler, and of more value to the State than the \- young man who gets a few hundred pounds from his family to go out and take up land \- in Australia. Mr. Kjeldsen's success is, so to say, certain; but whether the man with the few hundred pounds in his pocket suc ceeds is doubtful, and has first to be prov ed. On the other hand, the number of the farmers with a few hundred pounds in their pockets willing to emigrate is very limited, whilst the number of such men as Mr. Kjeldsen can be had by thousands if a. helping hand is given to them to get out to Australia.' 