OUR NORTHERN .NEIGHBORS. SINGAPORE. BY SENATOR STANIFORTH SMITH. Professor Sceley once said that Great Britain' seemed to lave conquered anil peopled half the world, in a lit of absence of mind. If.'that be eo, she was extremely lor tuniue m not only securing all the vacant temperate lands of the world — so that the future expansion of the white races must he largely through British por tals—but also in appropriating throughout the world strategic bases so admirably situated that she can lock many of the Water thoroughfares of trade and com merce whenever necessity arises. Along the 10,000 miles of waterway that divides Europe from the Par East, the great trade route impinges everywhere on British ter ritory, and wherever that world's high way converges, into a midstream of com- anerce — at Gibraltar, Aden or Singapore- frowning batteries command the way ready to sweeps those narrow straits with a hail of shot and shell. (But Singapore, besides being a strategic base, is an emporium of trade and com merce, an Oriental Venice, the gateway of the Par East; past her endless wharfs and Warehouses ebb and ilow the richly laden argosies of the Orient; from this all na tions warehouse great steamship lines ra diate in all directions,, and all roads lead Ito Singapore. The city stands eighth on the list of the world's greatest ports; about 209,000 tons of coal is constantly stored on lier wharfs, and the annual value of ihor trade - is approximately £80,000,000. Viewing this proud and opulent city,' one's thoughts naturally revert to the history of similar centres in the. .past, and one is led dp reflect on the instability of maritime !Citic3, especially of those that rely solely on commerce and shipping; let the restless ingenuity of man open up a more service-' able thoroughfare, and they fallinto ruiiij like -a- caravansary ' on an abandoned track. Vasco da Gama doubled the Cape and opened up a new highway of trade to the East, he diverted the wealth of Asia from >'3 old markets on the shores of the Adriatic, ruining many an Italian cit-v, and "ringing unexpected -wealth to the nations of \ . cstern Europe. The Cape route was practically abandoned, and the wealth of. Asm again diverted by the piercing of the isthmus nt Suez. Will, that trade . be again diverted ? May riot two other continents »e severed by. a canal which, if it- does .not. divert, will at least divide, that 'golden stream of commerce, while a canal across Rhe Malay Peninsula, about the 10th paral lel of latitude, is a remote possibility of the future? No individual city will feel this competition of routes as much us Singa- pore. But the Panama Canal will not "exist for ten or twelve years, and before "that date a railway will run from Singapore Ihundreds of miles up the Malay Peninsula, ftnd the industries of British Malaya and biimatra will have so expanded iis'to more Than compensate for any reduction in the Jess valuable through trafiic. This canal, When opened, will not only bring the eas tern States of Australia many nii'.cs nearer chief markets in Western Europe, but Will break up the monopoly at -present en joyed by the Suez Canal, and reduce the exorbitant charges imposed on every vessel tusmg that route — charges -which are ulti mately, paid, not by . the shipping com panies; but-, by, -the -.'Australian producer. I'm business of .Singapore at present is shipping 'pure urid siinple, and in spite of fcer commanding position the price of con- tinucd pre-eminence is eternal vigilance. (For the. last ten years her ever-expanding shipping businesk has not' been met by 'any appreciable, extension in. .wharfage accom modation or shipping facilities. The whole , port: consists "of the Roads, the Jxnmpore River, and the . wharfs; -of -which iu J- anjong I'.ipr pre the most important. The river, flanked by warehouses oi"' "go- downs,, is so packed, with tongkangs and other lighters laden with merchandise from the ships lying in, the Roads 'that the whoie Driver seems to be. covered with one huge pontoon bridge, causing a -chronic conges tion that lias lasted! for ten years, /he privately owned wharfs, have- not been kept abreast of the times; the owner's Hieing more bent on securing enormous divi dends than in advancing the interests of the port. Shipping trusts, the imposition of.high .freights,- the maintenance of rostrie- fions and disabilities and the transfer of British lines to a foreign flag . were tending ito prevent that rapid expansion which the i jncreasing trade of the East, warranted. ; Tins' rigidity created a tendency for small ' ports to expand and establish .direct bom- : xnurii cation; with their horiie.riiari-ltets; while Dutch and British rivals were devoting in creased attention ,to the establishment of , coaling stations and shipping facilities, hiich a pass had tilings readied that the Governor, declared, at a-couucil meeting-lost u'ebruary.'dhat.i,"(ihere -iVas.no port mrlli'o World at tHo'prcserit tifnei as backward as Singapore with regard to shipping facili ties. For the last decade, everyone'; fin's n'tlmittcd that "something must lie done," , Put whenever nny definite proposal has been made it lias invariably been met by n bowl from some quarter whore vested in terests might be injured. Public opinion outside of those immediately interested is strangely apathetic— possible . the people recognised that nny' extensive' harbor im provements would mean extra taxation. In fact public sentiment— if ;one can gauge the opinion of the many races comprising Singa pore from the press— seems to be on tue Whole against nny change. . Under these conditions the Government- decided to step. in and save the Singapor eans from themselves. There is no doubt that in the .polyglot community in- \- liabitating the Straits Settlements, it is well to nave a power supremo in its jurisdiction, outside and above class intcr- . ests, unbiassed by party factions and un influenced by personal motives, .which Sn the best interests of Singapore and the Empire" "would liavc lncse avorks .- carried out , at the .expense |. "f the inhabitants. ? At'firstvtho Govern-' ment endeavored to quietly purchase a con-' . trolling interest in the Tnnjong Pagar com- < l>any» and some of itlio surplus revenue of ' "the Federated Malay States was invested in buying. up all the shares on the market, but the scrip was too firmly held. The Government- then -/announced its decision to i oompulsorily purchase the whole of the wharfs, foreshore and buildings of the com pany at a price to' be decided by -arbitra tion. This announcement caused the shares to double' in value, which indicates a general belief that tlm arbitrators, .will announce a liberal award.' The Colonial Secretary then laifl ..proposals before- the Legislative Council ' embodying a general and comprehensive- scheme of harbor im- ; provements, involving, an expenditure a'p- proximately of £3,250,000, roughly- "appor tioned as follows: — Improvements' nt and j near the. .Singapore,. River, .£500,000; de velopments nt Tnnjong Pagar, £1,500,000, : and harbor works, £1,250.000.- The unofll- cial members of the .Legislative Council, in- i eluding the Chinese legislators, all opposed the scheme in some aspect, but the Gov ernment -will Insist on its proriosals bcis- substantially carried out. The money re : quired will probably be raised by loan, and ; the interest on same will be a charge on i the revenues of the colony. It is believed. however, that ' the income from shipping : nnd harbor dues -will ultimately pay inter est arid. sinking. fund on these borrowings. ' iWlien these works arc completed Singa pore shbuld have one" of the finest iiaroofs Sri the world; capable of comfortably accom- ; mo'dnting an oven larger traffic than at pre- sent, with, every facility for coaling, dock- ; Sng and repairing ships. In the opin- ' ion of many tli e Government has. not taken this important action for purely com- ' lucrcial reasons, but that behind' this \- there is the, larger, question of policy and , defence. Tt. has. been persistently stated— j. and scmi-ofiieially denied — that -the Govern- j .ment intends to make Singapore its chief . iinvnl base in the blast, nnd requires some I of tho frontages it has purchased for that purpose. .Tips is a matter of great .importance to. Australia, as from Singapore I, a sqiuidron could reach the North or West- ; coast -of the Common wealth in from four- to five- daarsA The more stringent conditions imposed on British merchant .ships as compared with those of other rintions often inter pose as a handicap in the world s compe tition for freights and fares. The Russian authorities let contracts for the conveyance o'f a large number of soldiers from . Vladi- vostock to Odessa, and crowds of Russians were continually passing through Singapore when I was there. Under the Passenger Act the number of passengers a British ship can carry is strictly limited, while German vessels are unfettered, or subject to much i leas stringent conditions. The result was i that /vessels flying the Union Jack had to' coal at French or Dutch ports en route, as " these vessels crowded' with soldiers had .. called n't Singapore thev would have been j- stopped by the authorities, whereas Ger- ' Trindrlrace'8 canle an went without let or ' >.a. Proverbially an individual ' Sl pnroncr nA4 temperament baffle W? manners and' cus- i uccs- and idiosyncrasies— in other worda, h«; unwritten/ laws-are tar more binding and effective tlian any statutes. The boycott o£ American goods js not restricted to Chino, but seems to iiave spread by some mysterious agency wherever the race has penetrated; i was informed by a Chinese merchant that they had no quarrel with Australia because their Immigration Act tveatcd all Orientals the same, whereas the Americans marKcd out the Chinese as the only unde sirable immigrants amongst all the races of the world, and thus cant n reproach on their nation that was strongly resented, xhc Federal Parliaincnt might. bear this in mind when proposals are made for differ ential treatment on behalf of the Japanese people. Some time ngo an American ship came anto.Singaporc in a damaged condition, flndwns docked for repairs. The workmen— all Chinese — point blank refused to touch the vessel. The American consul com plained to the Governor of the treatment United States citizens were receiving in \\\ British port, and it was not until Sir John Anderson sent word that unless the men started work immediately they would be at one .shipped back to -"China that repairs were commenced. Another iny stance of this national boycott came under my notice when I "was at Jvaula Kuba, a town away in the interior | the Federated Malay States. Some cases of American goods were sent up by ah Fnglish merchant. The station was crowd ed by Chinese coolies, all eager for work, but not one of them would handle a case until the authorities brought pressure to bear on the strikers. However, it is an ill wind that blows no one any good, and owing to the boycott of American flour tho. Australian article has for the first time captured the markets of the Straits Settle ment's and the Federated Malay States. Other lines could also be successfully in troduced if Australian merchants and the commercial agents appointed by the States arm 1U1£ seize the opportunity. . The Singapore Cold Storage Company was established about twelve months ngo for the purpose of introducing Australian meat into the Peninsula, and there arc prospects j' J good trade' being opened up. Tlirec- . fifths of 'the shares arc owned by the Queensland Meat ISxport Company, -and the balance are held in Singapore. The sup plies come up every two months in the steamer Guthrie, the only steamer, I be lieve, from Australia fitted with cold stor age appliances. . Fine stores have been erected near the wharf, with a present capacity of 4C0 tonsj these can be increased to C00 without further building, and with a second story the capacity could be enlarged to 1200 tons. In the first year 850 ton's were sold for something like £50,000. The selling prices are:— Beef, 5d. to Cd. lb.': mutton, 7d.; lainb, Scl.; butter, 1/3; and rabbits, lOd. each. Contracts have been entered into witli several of the steamship companies, and the 'principal business at present is done with these. The company has also opened up a business in thb federated Malay States, and at Kaulii Lumpur, Ipoh and Taiping. Australian ment can be obtained at the following retail (I>riqest— Beef. fOd.; mutton, 1/1; lamb. 1/3; 'and rabbits, 1/D each. There should be an amincnoe market for Australian but ter and frozen meat in these parts, as the local meat is very inferior to Australia!!, and the native cattle arc very poor milkers. But the people are somewhat conservative, and the local supplies are controlled by vei'V \vc a 1 1 iiy individuals or corporations, and vested, interests and established cus toms are very difficult to fight. In order to popularise Australian merit and butter the company would, I think, he well advised in opening up retail stores in the big centres of population. It would not pnlj- advertise t-Jie products, but it would offer much greater facilities to the public than at .present. But everything cannot be done at onee, and 110 doubt the business will be carefully and gradually developed as the peculiarities arid tastjes of the people are jnoi'e fully . understood. Tile .'.-manager V'e 'eon,Pnny/ informed'. me' tlirit there would bo an excellent market for Austrri- linn butter vcro it not for the continual llucttiation in t'hc prices charged by the butter factories. Just as a nuiri- bor "of ' customers are secured under, certain conditions,.. the consignors ..raise the price, . and , the trade is 1 '1 £l>o Danish merchants; on -the other hand, oiler to supply the cold storage com pany with regular shipments of butter all the year round at a fixed price; and unless -tile Australian factories can . do the same our European rivals will secure the markets .of Malaya. lucre' would also be a large trade here Tor Australian apples if proper arrangements were made, as the rich and luscious fruits of the tropics cloy the palate after a time, and one longs for this milder' Fruits of. the temperate zone. Up to the present the only apples that have reached here from Australia were some sur. plus stocks .that .were not. good,. enough to and 'the local opinion of Australian fruit is consequently somewhat unfavorable. . \ Singapore has been experiencing trade depression for some litt&v; time, brought :aboub by, over- speculation, / > currency I .troubles, shipping . charges; delays-.and high freights, ihe fluctuations in the value. of the btraits dollar tended to discourage/in- ; vestment, while tlui continual increase ' in the value of the dollar, owing to the ad vance, in silver, and the prohibited import of British and Aniericiin 'dollars, compelled the Government early in ..the. year to viulopt si'- gold ; ; currency. 7,' The , dollriivi. has -ibecn,'-, standardised at 2/4, and dollars for the present will be issued against the deposit of gold ut the rate .of 00 dol. for 7 sovereigns. The face value of " the / dollar' must ' be greater than the bullion value, otherwise the Go vernment would coin nt a loss, the banks would ./hip away silver' dollars rind the Chinese would melt- them .up_ The. Indian currency represents silver at 40d.rper oz., and tile Straits currency at 35d. With sil ver touching 31d. per oz., there is a pos sibility of a further increase in the value of the dollar to 2/6 or 2/8. ' To the wage earners paid in dollars, the -increased value means a rise in wages, or in the purchas ing, power of their earnings. The 1 great majority of the civil service are. paid in sterling; and they are now only receiving 81 .dollars for each pound, whereas they, for? mcrly obtained 10. -To a clerk receiving £300 a year, this means a reduction in salary of 3S'.dol. a inonth. -On the -other hand; those civil servants ivho are paid in dollars look with equanimity upon the possibility of a still further increase in the face value of-'the. coin. Pajicf 'money is 'issued by theiCpycrriment of the- Straits Settlements for varying amounts, totalling 17,000,000 dol. .-It holds a- reserve against this- note issue of 11.090,000 silver do!, and a gold security of 0,000,000. There are 244)00,000 dol. in circulation. .', . There are three daily' papers iri Singa pore, and the native millionaires , are plan? ning to start.a fourth, .which will especially uphold the interests of. the native com- muriity. It is. difficult for. an Australian; bred in a country, wliere the people have sprung from one stock, speak the same .language and possess equal political and civil rights, to understand, much less criti, eiso> ,the problems involved in governing 11 Crown colony, a territory populated by various virile races, in which the British element is.- comparatively sifiall." '! The hegemony of the- avhite race vests 1 chicily on prestige, and degraded whites whose .characters are a .disgrace to their nation ality are soon 'buridled out; no' disreputable English speaking women' are allowed to remain in Singapore, and in this way the respect- and prestige of the governing race is upheld. The name of the great founder of the city is kept green in the memory ot the inhabitants, by -the nomcnelqture nt many institutions, such as Rafllesls Mu seum, Raffiesls Library, Raflles's school, Raffles's-square, Raflles's- monument, and last, -but -not least, Raflles's Hotel. ' This latter is more than a hostelry; it is. an in? .stitution — the hotel . that/lias mads Singa pore famous to the tourist arid ari abode of pleasure to' tho resident. ' : ; 