enerawl N~lu. Mr. Carruthers, the State Premier, expects to be able to deliver his Budget 8p eoh about \ednesday or Thursday, prubably the former. Cables published on Saturday last announcedi the death at Marienbad of Lady Campbell- Bannerman, wife of the British Prime Minister. Gold quartz specimens, the property of the N,8.W. Government, and valued t 1400, hase been stolen by burglar froma the London offices of the Orien' Pacifio Company. The specimens were insuared against being Stolen. It i, stated that a daily newspaper will comnewnee publicahton in Lismor' duriing the ealy portion of next year. The total expendilure to date in conu. nee'ion with the new central railw i station in Sydney, inoluding land, bul I ing, etrr., amounts to £889,500, wbli, the liabihties to be incurred upon works at peseent in haud will bring the nmount to £970,463. Speaking at the banquet given to him recently at Murwillumbah, Lord North. cote said that as a B3ritisher who had lived in England he would say that he preferred to eat Australian butter than Danish; Aoeordiog to the London "Daily Mail," Great Britain has agreed to fore go the Transvaal war debt of £80,000,000. . During the past year New South Wales has granted 419 assisted passages to immigrants, bringing £44,000 into tjhe State. The number of inquiries made in London for New South Wales land is increasing. Forty-five intending settlers booked during last week. Pro fessor Wallace, ef Edinburgh University, considers that 100 Scottish farmers, with an average aonpital of £500, might be induced to emigrate to New South Walesp PREPARE FOR CROUP. The time wstetd in sending?, for a phy sician, or.for.medicine, when a child shows symptoms of oroup, often proves fatal. A reliable medicine, and oneo thatllsehould al ways be kept in the house for immediate use, is Ohamberlain's Cough Remedy. It will prevent the attack, ifigiven as soon as the child becomes hoarse, or oven after the oroupy cough appoears. It is also the safest, as it contsinslno narcotice. For sale by 8?. Major.* 