Sugar Industry. Royal Commission. BUNDABERG A rail 4. The Royal Commission to inquire into She sugar industry commenced its sittings at. the courthouse yesterday. When the .formal proceedings were over, evidence was called. Thomas . Wilson Walker, dairyman and teanefcutting . contractor, stated : Last season I employed a gang of 25 Europeans \- ah one gang. All were, engaged at the rate of 25s. and found, f>ut those showing special merit inaddition were recom pensed at the end of the season. In one (instance the men used tents, and in the other two satisfactory accommodation • (arrangements wefe made by the planters. [<1 had a mess for the men, and -^carried (through my • contracts "satisfactorily, .^proximately only-*—- -* "*-• — . four of the men, who otiginally engaged . with me, worked through the season to thje end. A number Belt through a gap occurring between the close of one and the commencement of ^ another contract, others were dismissed (through insobriety, and others left, • [through injury caused to their hands by (trashing the cane. The gang worked from ft l?th'July to.Scptembcr. None of- the men complained of the * work being unduly \- arffTious. I do not Ihifck that this season ' Jthe crushing will extend to Christmas in {tips district. In .the first instance, Ii , applied to the Labour Bureau for men, | v.iiut afterwards a sufficient number of men j came . along to meet all requirements.) \- "Working in 17 ton cropr^ my men aver-| aged 2 tons 3 cwt. per dieni, and were paid j fid. extra- for loading on trams, as against drays. There were plenty of men : about last year, but all were not suitable Tor the work. The best cutter in my gang Was aged Gp, but I think the most suit fable age is from 25 to 35 years. I think • a well organised labour bureau would be -tof considerable assistance to the em ployers and men. I know nothing capable* jot preventing injury to the hands by the {trash. I consider that trashed cane is (Worth Is. , per. ton more than untrashed. r.It actually cost me Is. 3d. to Is. 4d. per < <on to trash a 10-acrc plot. Unless there ^ tire a great many more men than there were available last year, there will he a fcig shortage, of .labour this year, though fche surplus of labour last year was not a surplus of good labour. If the seasons •were extended, better financial results Would accrue to the men. I . think it would be a good thing if competent men were given certificates by employers, as a guide to others to whom they might apply. Only loafers would object to such system. . : To Mr. Nielson : I think it would also he a good thing, if employers were dis criminated with along the same lines.-* Angus Nielson Dahl, a farmer at "Woongarra, stated : Last year I grew 35 _* acres of cane, averaging "9. tons, which was harvested by members of ray family, iWitb several outside hands. I paid the latter £1 to 25s. a week and found. •Two of the tiicn —worked through the ' • season, but I sacked the others on j 1 account bf inefficiency. They were not i equial in capability to my sons of 15 1 v and liG years. I anticipate *a heavier j .crop* this -year, and do not expect a diffi- ; cuRv in harvesting.- Men to be found ' 'about the street corners arc not suitable tor the work. I have seen Danish, Ger man, and Swiss new chums give very good results after a few days! cutting. With the removal of G,QQh to 7,000 kanakas at the end of the year, there .will bo a great difficulty in dealing with I {the crop. I consider that cane cutting lis among the easiest work on the farm, i My men complained of injury to tbeir * hands through the trash in the cane, .*' hut I consider that trashing .s unneces sary. If there are openings, farmers* sons, who were the best cutters, will . become landowners, thus increasing the jlemand for labour. I consider that as an i Additional inducement, immigrants should | he given opportunities of securing* lands • lor themselves. A desirable class of; labour was mentioned from Denmark, j Sweden, and Germany, but they arc not j \--likely to hav2 much money, and their i passages will have to be paid. | 'William James Tutin, cane-grorwcr, i thought the establishment of harvesters' homes, say in 10-acre blocks, would bo bn excellent move, and serve to keep the "f tnen in the district. The men could do j • T7tftn ffftnitM'4 fnrmTntr which their i a nttlc genera'^farming, which their | {families could continue during the crush ing, living the mew available tor har vesting. He mentioned .that a reserve «ot 1.J00 acres at Gooburrum was emi nently suitable for the establishment of such* homes. Daniel W Malioncy anticipated a great difficulty in dealing wifh the crop after the removal of the kanakas.* He Thought; a large number of additional men might \ he obtained from the south, especially ■ from the Richmond and GTarchce Rivers.! SHc believed that growers' interests, also ' Ithose of the men, would be hitter served, j -II millers at the outset of uic season I Would fir the daily tonnage they would j take from each farmer, who would he prc-j pared to enter Into an agreement to1 deliver the stated tonnage. ! George Pringlc said : *1 have been en- j Staged in cane farming for a. period of 12 jycars, and-have gained experience with' kanakas, whites, and Hindoos in cane ■culling. I am satisfied that a good class or white' labour can do the harvesting Work satisfactorily. I have paid white men 25s. and keep in a twenty ton crop. 'A good man can cut three tons. a day *of untrashed cane. I do not anticipate a Shortage labour this season^ Tie best j class is made up of farmers' suns ;n Ibis district. I think the idea of giving facili ties for the establishment of harvesters' homes is a good one. About twenty acres should be given to each seiuer on which to grow household requirements, leaving bis labour available for cutting in the season. There arc not sufficient Crown lands available in this district for the purpose. It would largely solve this difficulty if the big estates took up a matter of that kind. I do not know whether the scheme adopted by bingcra of cutting up the estate and " leasing it to small growers was a" success. I think, to build these homes, settlers would re quire to have about £100. I had charge of Dr. Maxwell's experimental plot in jWoongarra, and secured good results. The •farmers made no effort to profit by the instruction given at that plot; at any rate, not to any extent. I consider 'the contract rates fixed locally for cutting are satisfactory, but weekly wages should be 30s., with 2s. 6d. bonus for thiose remain ing for the seasons. Frederick Lewis Nott, the proprietor of Windermere plantation, said : I have been growing cane for 28 years, and have 1,000 acres under cane. I employ 15 whites and 35 kanakas. I do not consider that white labour can cut of trash cane ~~~ at rates to enable, the industry to compete in the open market. I consider that a 30-ton crop should be trasbed and cut for 2s. 3d. per ton. In such a crop, a kanaka would cut 4 tons, and if the white man did the same, the daily wage would be 9s. I think after the kanakas are- de ported, the industry in the north will go down practically at once. - The labour they have there .wiiryien be available to us. No employer would nominate immi grants .unless he could get them under an agreement for a stated time. The fact that the Federal Minister must be con vinced before assenting to such a thine, that no suitable labour -is avail able for the purpose' required, made the recent amendment in the Act of little service to those in need of labour. Irrigation _ would _ benefit the situation considerably in making for the regularity of crops, which, in turn, ic&uiuiuy; Ui VAuya, — , doubtless, would lead ? to a better, class of men offering for harvesting. As far as Dr. Maxwell's connection with the indus try is concerned, no.benefit has resulted. He did not toach them anything new. Irrigation mainly was responsible for the benefits on the experimental plot. Manuring was useless, unless irrigation was available. I am going to try to ■ get black labour after the end' of the' year. If I fail, then I will try white. I am not in favour, of subdividing my property for lease nor for sale. If unable to get white labour this season, as I! fear will be the case, I will forfeit the bonus, and cut with black. The Italians who were introduced to the district some yoar ago, are very good workers. I paid those I employed 18s. a week and' found. Horace .Edward Boughton Young, of Fairymcad, said: I* have been 28 years engaged in the sugar industry. Wc bare now over 4,000 acres under cane. Hither to I worked entirely with blade labour. Now I have one white man to three kanakas. The former are doing very 'good work, and have not complained of pros tration through the heat. I have registered this year a tola? of 2,600 Wn nmnlm-inif tflft' acres for bounty. Wc are employing 100 whites at- field work on the four estates, i but the whole of our canc was planted by ! kanakas, having onlv been registered since; January. I calculate that t will require > 300 field hands to work our four' estates, in the slack season. During the harvest-, ing wc will require a total 'of 500 men.; Planters arc not wedded to coloured labour, j It is simply a ^natter of cost. If the J industry is protected in a manner to i allow the present rates to white men or j a little higher, and labour is available. I shall be able to carry on and pay£l per week and found to the men. Irriga-; tion has lessened the cost of cultivation,; but has carried its own additional ex-; pcnscs. Still, in spite of this, irrigation ; ;is profitable. I anticipate a difficulty in dealing with this year's crop. Wc havej only a third of the iainakas formerly em ployed. I think the growers should make an organised effort to introduce labour! from the south. I do not consider vessels { now in the trade could take away the: kanakas remaining after December! iu six months, even though con-j ditions wore most favourable. Un doubtedly it would be cheaper if! these' vessels performed the work in con- j ; sequence of the kuowlcdge of the com- J inlanders of the islands. A great number , : of islanders were averse tc> going < j home, perhaps, in a measure, having been | tempted to remain by the high wages loitered. It would' be unsafe to land a Solomon Islander, married' to a Hcbri dcan woman, at the husband's island, | as the woman almost assuredly would be ■ killed. My sister, who has given up her I life to mission work among the islanders, [has received letters from Malayta, stat ing that kanaka children born in Queens land, and returning with their parents, mvariablv died on the island from siek ncss within six months. They were mere susceptible to this sickness than the native born children. The matter of, lapding so large a number of islanders would be serious, in consequence of the j native food supplies, being inadequate. I think it would be unwise to land j Hcbridcan boys on the Malayta mission | islands. I * do kuot think employers I should be compelled to keep the islanders i after the end of the year till such time! as vessels are available to take them ' away. Employers willingly will engage; them till • their deportation. it is possible that some islanders, who i have l?ccn with us for 20 years, have no desire to return. The improved methods since 1889 have largely re duced tbe number of men required to work in the cancficlds. I think the estab lishment of harvesters' homes would be j aa excellent idea* J np land avail- j able for such a purpose on Fairymead. l James Clark, of Ashgrovc plantation,: anticipated a great difficulty in dealing with this year's crop. Last»year, though he only wanted 18-men, he passed about 100 through the books. , C. W. Buss also anticipated a difficulty j with labour this year. L. Lutz, farmer and canc cutter, con sidered that in a 15 to 20 ton trashed . {crop a fairly good man could cut 4 tons daily, and *do better in such a crop* at 2s. 3d. per ton than at 2s. 60. in a 30-ton crop. In the latter case the cane falls and spreads. His fifteen-year- old son averaged 3 tons daily in a 15 to 20 ton crop. On am average, me Woongarra land was carrying a crop worth about £15 per acre. . * • 