THE SETTLERS FOR AUSTRALIA. Mr. August Larson writes to tho Immigration League:— "ill nearly all publications inviting people to settle ill tile colonies, the following phrase can be seen, 'What we want is fai-mcis with u few hundred pounds' capital to take up land.' nut Ihe nuniuor ui lo ein'grnte is very limited, and they tiro afraid of lo-L'g 1 1 " few hundred pounds. Although ' evei-'-ivaly appeals to there people 'with a few hundred" pounds la their pockets,' Is it quite certolD Ihrl three men 'ire really the best and most desirable setilersV I do not think so. it will bo best understood what class of people I mean by quoting tlio following facts:— 'On May a, 1905, I assisted a young Danish farm la borer, Kristlnn KJoldscn, to go to West Aus tralia. Ilo promised to let mo know how ho was getting on, and also to write me in a year's time. On July 21, 190G, I received from him tho following letter, written from Upper Swan, West Australia: "Mr. August Larson, London, _ According to my promise I am writing lo jviu again, after being in Wert Australia for one year, anj I must tell you that I am very pleased with everything here. I think of taking up land next vear after tho harvest. Tho wages lure are very good, but still I think more money can be made if I do something for myself.— Yours, etc., Kristlan Kleldsen." ' No, in my opinion, Mr. KJcldscn is the best man Ausiralia can get. He can work and he can save money. Mr. Kjeldsen, with liis £40 saved during the first year ho was in Australia, will in all pro bability in a few years' time he a prosperous farmer, and will be ahead of tlie man who ar rives with a 'few hundred pounds iu liis' pocket,' because he has learned the value of moin-y. He has proved that he can save money; more over, he has saved every penny in the couatiy he has adopted, whilst ihe majority of those young men 'with a few hundred pounds in their pockets,' and lo whom everybody makes love, has none of these advantages, and nearly every one of whom como to a now country with money which they have not saved themselves. 1 think everybody will agree with me that Mr. Kjeldsen with his £-10 saved in the first year is a most desirable 'settlor, and of more value to ino State than the young man who gels a few hun dred pounds from his family to go oat and lake up land in Australia. Mr. KJeidsca's miccess is, so to say, certain; but whether Ihe man with the few hundred pounds in his pocket succeeds la doubtful, and has lirst to be proved. On Ihe other hand, the number of the farmers with a l'cw hundred pounds in their pockets willing to emigrate, is very limited, whilst tho number of such men as Mr. Kjeldsen can be had by thou sands it a helping hand is given lo them to get, out to Australia." 