Yesterday's Cables j Januarv 31. The speech of Ilcrr Bellestrem (Presi- ( dent of the German Reichstag) has cre ated an unfavorable impression abroad. I The 'Berliner Tageblatt' says Herr ] Bellestrem meant to l:c pacific, only he failed to express himself correctly. ] A German coaling station has been cs- , tablished at Las Palmas. I The German Kaiser auenus vne , funeral of the King of Denmark. Owing to the German warship Panther | incident Brazil is likely to transfer four i and a-half million pounds worth of naval orders from Germany to Britain. In pursuance of the agreement arrived at in 1001 a French mission, under Sen ator Saint Germain is coming to London to-day in connection with the landed j property question in the New Hebrides to arrange matters with the Eldon Gorst's mission, respecting the GoverrK ment's proposals. The taxation committee of the Ucich stag increased the duty on fine cut to-, bacco, leaving othcj s . unchanged. The Prince of Wales laid the foundation stone of a Technical Institute at Mysore. The British Court will go into mourn ing for six -weeks Icrr the late . King Christian of Denmark. Queen Alexandra will start for Copenhagen on Monday. A Belgian firm has delivered to the Moorish Pretender two quick fircrs and ?i f.iiniiu:iiwl Mnnsf-r.-: and ammunition. New Zealand makes the biggest display at the Colonial Products Exhibition in Liverpool, and South Australia's exhibit' is much noticed. Lord Elgin telegraphed wishing all success. ' The 'Telegraph' states that the Trea-' sury has agreed to appoint an Inspector Ceneral of Supplies for-thc Army Ser vice Corps. Later. Mr. Kicr-Hardic declares that, protec tion will be discussed on its merits and the aim of the Labourites who visit the Colonies will be to arrange with Labour a common course of action to strengthen the relations between the Motherland and. the Colonies, take the question of free trade versus protection out of the hands of the party politicians, come to an un derstanding acceptable to the Labour movements, and to emphasise the fact, that mechanical inventions are rapidly reducing tnc demand for labour while in creasing the output of commodities. The -'Times'* commenting upon Mr. Deakin's proposals for inducing immigra tion, trusts with some confidence that the provisions to be made will -be- liberal and effective. Population of the light sort, it says-, is the most valuable of all assets.- It is creditable to Australian statesmanship and the 'Times' trusts that the fact will he fitmly grasped by all parties, recognising that population may hereafter prove essential to, besides the welfare, the defence of the Colonies. Mr. Coghlan's report indicates that the high cost of the voyage is among the chief reasons' why immigration is not satisfactory. He suggests remedies such as Mr. Deakin proposes. Latest. King Frcderiek's accession to the Dan ish throne was marked with great en thusiasm. King Frederick delivered a manly and pathetic speech from Jhe bal cony of the palace and was tumultuously cheered.; The bells of St. George's Chapel, Windsor, tolled cigtity-seven times. Queen Alexandra will not accom pany King Edward at the opening of Parliament. The Army officers go into mourning from 1st to the 7th of Febru ary. The United States Senate while amend ing the Ships Subsidy Bill, rejected tlie tonnage, tax and reduced the subsidy to American . lines. Senator Frye predicted that the . lines would be driven under a torcign flag. .':'.' ; ; '? 