NATIONAL DEFENCE AND IMMIGRATION. LECTURE AT THE SYDNEY CLUB. On Monday last Mr. Fred J. Broomfield delivered an interesting lecture on "The National Defence of Australia and Assist- ed Immigration." Mr. E. C. V. Brough- ton, M.L.A., took the chair. The chair- man in his opening remarks said that he had great pleasure in introducing Mr. Fred J. Broomfield, who would address them on the question of Australian National De- fence and assisted immigration. The lec- turer needed no eulogy at his hands, as that gentleman had long ago established a reputation as a thinker and a writer, and occupied a distinguished place in the ranks of journalism. The chairman did not commit himself to the views that might be expressed by Mr. Bloomfield but he (Mr. Broughton) would like to state that he was a thorough believer in the policy of a white Australia. (Applause.) The chairman understood the lecturer pro- posed to show that it would be feasible to people the northern territory of Austra- lia by encouraging Italian immigrants to settle in that tropical part of the Com- monwealth, and arguments would be ad- vanced by the lecturer in favor of such a proposal. The whole question was one of perplexity, and at the present juncture he had no doubt that the lecture that night would be helpful in assisting them to ar- rive at a solution of what was universally admitted to be a knotty problem. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen. — In con- sidering the question of Australian defence in connection with that of assisted immi- gration, the first thing to engage our at- tention is the enormous territory which we are called upon to populate and defend, and there can be no adequate defence without population. We have to create an army, and it is necessary first to create a nation from which that army can be made. Our Commonwealth, with its four million or so of souls, and its three mil- lions or so of square miles, is practically a confederation of acres rather than of States. Fancy the effective defence of a coast-line nearly 9000 miles in length; but that is exactly the problem we should be called upon to face in the event of inva- sion from a foreign Power. Of course, it is not conceivable that any European na- tion could effectually carry out an invasion of occupation. The objective in such a case would undoubtedly be one or more of our wealthy coastal cities — Sydney, Mel- bourne, Brisbane, Adelaide, Perth, or New- castle. It is probable, indeed, that each city would be held up to ransom in turn, a not impossible project in these days of long-range guns. Our harbor defence would be practically useless, for the city would be shelled from outside the Heads. With the so-called Orient, however, the in- vasion from which will always be a me- nace and a danger, the attack would be an inundation. The invading hordes of Chinese and Japanese would come to stay, and once they secured foothold in the Northern Territory they could and would surge sweepingly onward like swarms of devastating human locusts. Europe was once swept clean by successive invasions from the East, and the names of Tamer- lane, Ghenghis Kahn, Atilla, Bajazet, Ma- homet the Ottoman, were written in cha- racters of flame and rapine across the battlefields of historic terror. Europe will never again be raided from the East. That delectable experience is reserved for Aus- tralia, the continent of emptiness and lur- ing temptation to the almond-eyed. It has become a habit among us to refer to the "little brown men" of Nippon as our "brave Japanese allies." What utter nonsense! What a fool's paradise to live in! The compact has about nine years to run, and then — the deluge! A Liberal Government is in power in Eng — land — a Government little likely to renew a warlike coalition with a race rightly or wrongly deemed inferior. That race is, however, in the art of war, very far indeed from being inferior, as Russia has learnt to her cost. The Chinese, again, are feeling the invigorating influence of the Japanese. It is only a question of time, and the whole Nippon, Mongolian, and Tartar hordes will descend upon our shores, unless we fill up our vast vacancy with hardy tribes of European fighting men. We must remember that there is no such thing as international morality. When the combined Powers — Russia, Austria, and Prussia — wanted Poland, Poland was burglariously entered, and infamously divided by the chartered butchers, whose only title to exploit was that of might. When German Bismarck wanted a seaport he tore it out of the feeble grasp of Denmark, and annexed the two rich duchies of Schleswig and Hol- stein. Russia has dispossessed Finland. Germany has destroyed the nationality of Alsace and Lorraine,, just as in other years England destroyed the nationality of French Canada. When a powerful nation yearns for loot all moral principle goes to the wall. If Australia were cut off from the Empire at the present position of af- fairs she would be helpless. Even if she remains an integral part of the Empire she must rely almost solely on her own powers of self-defence. We are very distant from the seat of government. Our auxiliary fleet is all too feeble to oppose the wealth and enterprise and initiative which would create a China-Japanese fleet of invasion. The dream of an Australian-owned fleet is beautiful — on paper. But an effective fleet of power suflicient to meet an enemy at sea, as Togo met and destroyed Rozhdjest- vensky, would cripple the taxable resour- ces of the Commonwealth for a hundred years to come. It is practically out of the question, and an ineffective fleet is worse by a million-fold than no fleet at all. For sea- power Australia must put her trust in the motherland. When Eng- land reaches the day when she is unable to defend the Greater Britains oversea, Australia will either be in a position to de- fend herself effectively both by sea and by land, or she will fall the easy prey to the Oriental invader. There is a fine Greek aphorism attribu- ted to a Lacedemonian patriot when dis- playing his troops to a boasting rival po- tentate rich in walled cities. "These are the walls of Sparta, and every man is a brick." The days of fortresses are past. The Boer war has taught us that mobility is the secret of successful warfare. Napo- leon said that a fortress was a capital place to keep out of. The tremendous strength of Port Arthur was ground to powder by the persistent attacks of the out- side forces of Japan. A garrison is no stronger than its stomach, than its water supply, than its sanitation. Fortifications must take the form of armed camps to be efficient in war. No conceivable scheme of harbor defence could protect any of our Australian coastal cities from attack by long-range guns from the seaboard. An adequate fleet is next to impossible, and in the event of Great Britain's navy failing us, our prospects of a raid invasion from European sources are not alluring in any particular regard. But it is extremely probable that no attack from a European source need be feared. Invasion and oc- cupation are, however, to be feared great- ly from the northward. And herein comes the great question of assisted immigration. Some time ago the province of Calabria in Italy was devastated by successive earthquakes, and thousands of the hard- toiling peasants were rendered homeless. "Ouida," George Meredith, and other sym- pathisers advocated the transplantation of these dispossessed peasants to the Nor- thern territory of Australia. These men and women are wonderfully adapted by cli- matic experience for the success of the ex- periment. They would, moreover, have brought with them the industries of their particular heat zone — seri-culture, olive- culture, vine-growing, etc. They would readily have learned the arts of cotton and sugar and tobacco and coffee growing. They are brave, industrious, enduring, economical. They would have constituted the nucleus of a defence force of sturdy peasants, well qualified to create a self- supporting nation in a tropical region where the Saxo-Celt could live only by strenuous battle against one of the most trying of climates for his cold-tempera- mented body. Moreover, this Calabrian immigration would have brought with it the industries proper to the place. The Briton, with conservative devotion to the century- bound ideas of his forefathers, conceives no cultures outside of his oats and his wheat. Sheer compulsion has driven him to grow maize along the North- ern Rivers and sugar in Queensland. Some of these Britons have a vision of a cotton- growing Northern Territory worked by Japs. This, indeed, would be a suicidal policy. It would mean the introduction of the very enemy from whom Australia has most to fear. A Japanised North Aus- tralia would be a North Australia prepared to cut our throats at a moment's hint or notice when Nippon ar- ranged for armed occupation of our conti- nent. White Australia is more than a sen- timent; White Australia spells safety. We cannot afford a Saxo- Celtic Australia. That is too far distant; but we could and should and must afford a European Australia with the cream of the Mediterranean races fe- cundating with brain and muscle the broad belts of our rich and inexhaustible tropic lands. Sir Henry Parkes wanted a White Aus- tralia, but he absurdly attempted to con- fine this mighty continent to the Saxon, not even to the Anglo-Celtic race. I say that he "absurdly" attempted this ludicrous task. We all know that the Englishman of Sir Henry's idealism never existed. Tenny- son sang in his "Welcome to Alexandra" — Saxon, Norman, and Dane are we, All of us Dane in our welcome to thee. And when Nelson beat the Danish fleet into a cocked hat at the Battle of Copen- hagen, the worsted foe forgave their gal- lant conqueror on acount of his remote Danish origin. Nelson, i.e., Niel's son — a name dear to every Scandinavian heart and memory. Britain is made up from many sources. The Irishman is as mixed as the English- man, and perhaps the only pure-blooded Briton is an inhabitant of the tiny princi- pality of Wales. We Britons cannot pose as purists in race. We have levied on France and Germany; Spain has given her quota; Italy is not a miser in her tribute of blood; while the three Scandinavian peoples have grafted strength and prowess on to our stock with splendid results both in the achievements of war and of peace. Australia should call loudly to all the lands of Europe for staunch men and fruit- ful women. The Swedes, Norwegians, Danes, and Finns could man our mercan- tile marine, and mayhap our nascent navy; Frenchmen and Germans and Span- iards could teach us the arts of viticulture and sericulture; and Italy and Greece could give us all that is necessary in the piscatorial and agricultural arts of the semi-tropical zones. Millionaire settlement would spell na- tional ruin. The man with the machine and the slave would be worse than a vacant continent. We must have immi- grants, and immigrants of the right kind. Booth's London paupers are not wanted. They are out of the picture. It has been stated that we in Australia are breeding an aristocracy of labor. That is the very thing we want — the aristocracy of labor from the whole of the white race. Emile de Laveleye has pictured for us a capital plan of peasant settlement in his "Letters from Italy":— "The road to Asolo, where we drove to see the popular bank, is very good, nar- row, and smooth, as in England and Swit- zerland. The country is thoroughly culti vated. There are vines, wheat, maize, and even green meadows on the slopes of the hills, whose verdure is attributable to the dampness of the neighboring Alps. For- merly, instead of dwelling in the valleys, where the ground was fertile and running streams were close at hand, men were compelled to fix their habitations in high places, that they might be able to see the approach of the enemy from afar and be better fitted to defend themselves. The Etruscan cities, the towns of Central Italy, and even the villages of Latium, are perched on dry, steep hills where there is no water. This proves a state of perma- nent war which made the power of resist- ing a sudden attack the first necessity. Here is a striking instance. On arriving at Pestum one sees a ruined village upon the scorched, bare mountain to the left. It is Capaccio-Vecchio. When the Sara- cents attacked Pestum in the ninth century, the inhabitants, directed by the Bishop, emigrated and sought a shelter on the neighboring heights. The city of the plain, so prosperous in antiquity, was no longer habitable. The popular bank in Asolo, which we visited first, is in the ancient palace of a patrician family. . . It was founded through the inspiration of Luzzatti and Schulze- Delitsch, but its suc- cess was due to the devotion of three or four of its originators, who took charge gratuitously of both the management and the discount and cash departments for several years. They gained the confidence of the smaller cultivators of the neighbor- hood and the shopkeepers of Asolo. They taught them the machinery of credit, they received their savings, and made advances to them, even upon produce; in fact, they solved the question of agricultural credit, which is everywhere discussed without coming to any conclusion. . . Asolo has only 5000 inhabitants. The bank discounts at 6 per cent; it makes advances upon security of the public funds, upon produce and merchandise; it receives deposits upon current account and upon savings bank account at 4 or 4½ per cent., accord- ing to the period for which the deposit is made; it receives and issues drafts upon other places. The Bank of Asolo has re- sorted to the issue of agrarian debenture bonds to increase the funds at its disposal. . . The popular agricultural banks pay 4 or 4½ per cent. on these debentures. They are for sums of 500 francs, and are intended to form a fund for the carrying on of agriculture." I have quoted so far from Emile de Laveleye's interesting and instructive work in order to show how by the establish- ment of these agricultural credit banks in some of the Italian provinces, and, in- deed, in other parts of Europe, the small proprietor is assisted in his struggle with nature, and the possibilities of the soil are adequately developed. In New Zealand, as we know full well, the Government has adopted financial methods of assisting the man on the land, and so far the New Zealand system has worked admirably. Some of the Austra- lian States have Advances to Settlers Boards, which are not so admirable. But the great fact remains, a good scheme of national defence involves a national sys- tem of small proprietors. Good farming is farming in miniature — just as Belgium and parts of France are farmed. We do not want the old type of agricultural laborer, the pariah slave of the old world. We do not want to introduce the old world condi- tions of large landed proprietor cultivation and droves of rack-rented farmer tenants and agricultural serfs. We do not want to introduce into Australia the land woes of Ireland, with Ireland's absentee landlords and Ireland's starving dispossessed pea- santry. Mind, I am not saying this with any Irish bias or from any Irish view- point. My bias is towards the best in- terests of the white race in Australia and my viewpoint is humanitarian. There is a great deal said about getting the proper people out here — the man with a little capital, and putting him on the land — to sink or swim according to the fiat of the Fates. That immigrant, hopelessly ignorant of the new conditions charac- teristic of a new environment, would speedily spend his little store of capital, fling up his holding in disgust, and then drift into the cities to become a burden on the State. We have three problems before us: Firstly, to get the right kind of immi- grant population; secondly, to settle it on the land in small agricultural areas; thirdly, to keep it on the land in reason- able comfortable happiness. We must get the right folk, and the right folk are the white races of Europe — the absolute cream of the Aryan race. A Saxon Australia would be an awful thing to contemplate. We are drifting every day into a moral slavery, with Acts of Parliament displacing the Bibles of the race, and the policeman usurping the sanc- tity of the Deity. We urgently need the leaven of liberality. Our whitened sepul- chre of a Sunday, for instance, requires the infusion of a little color. But we have deliberately blocked our Caucasian kins- men. This is what one reads in the cur- rent Press:— FOREIGN FARMERS. (To the Editor.) "In the 'Sunday Times' of to-day there is a leading article under the heading, 'A Matter of Urgency,' in which you suggest, that 'New South Wales' Information Bureaus can be established at once in the United States, France, Germany, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, and Italy. Their prin- cipal business would be to make the cap- abilities of this country generally known, and to induce farmers of small capital to come here and take up land either indi- vidually or in associations,' Evidently you are not aware that our present Pre- mier, Mr. Carruthers, passed an amend- ing Land Act about nine years ago, in which a clause appears that no foreigner can take up land in New South Wales unless he has been a resident of this State for twelve months previously. I men- tioned this matter to Dr. Arthur, M.L.A., last year, and on a question being asked in the House, Mr. Ashton admitted that the said clause was still the law in this State, and up to the present nothing has been done to repeal this idiotic clause; therefore what would be the use to estab- lish information bureaus on the Continent of Europe and in the United States, as you suggest? To my knowledge, I know of a number of 'foreign' farmers from Europe and the neighboring States, who, unable to make arrangements with private owners, left for Queensland, where they were re- ceived with open arms. — Yours, &c.;, "AN AUSTRALIAN BY CHOICE. "Sydney, March 18." The editor makes to this correspondent's letter a note, which reads as follows:— "We were aware of the clause mentioned. We also know that if the proposal to establish bureaus received general ap- proval it would be a simple matter to pass an amending bill at the outset of the com- ing session of Parliament dealing with this obstruction to the stream of immi- gration. Of course, only the best that the Continent can offer in the way of immi- grants is desired, and we believe those can be obtained — Australia's resources and general attractions being so consider- able. If our people admit the desirable- ness of securing additions to our popula- tion from this source there will be no difficulty about giving effect to their will in the matter. — Ed. 'S.T.'" Now, with all due respect to this editor's comment, we could not go to the European emigration market until that obnoxious clause penalising the foreign farmer was repealed. Moreover, we shall have to bestir ourselves. Only this morn- ing I read that news has been received from Paris that the French New Heb- rides Society is about to enter upon re- newed activity and to extend its opera- tions in the Western Pacific. For this purpose it is being reorganised, and under the control and with the support of the French Government it is expected that many fresh colonists will be introduced to the islands. It is proposed to add a new maritime service in the Archipelago, so that there shall be monthly commu- nication with the chief points where the French mailboat does not touch. It is also said that it was proposed to the French Government to modify the existing contract with the Messageries Maritimes Company by reducing the subsidy now paid, and that in future their steamers would only serve two ports. The annexe service for 20,000 francs (£800), a year would serve every month all the places where French colonists are installed. There is no earthly reason why the in- telligent and industrious Frenchman, with his knowledge of wine-growing and wine- making, the manufacture of fine porcelain, the weaving of silk, &c.;, should not be at- tracted and induced to settle among us. We must appeal to every clean white European race to furnish us with settlers. The days of mammoth squattages with the sparse employment of labor has gone for ever. If we would be independent of aid from the mother country we must fill up the land with people who shall have a stake in it. In the meantime we should have in our midst ammunition and small arms manufactories. Who does not feel the appeal of Longfellow's stirring lines on the "Arsenal of Springfield?" This poem, by the way, concludes with an apostrophe to Peace. Quite so! But the only way to ensure the permanence of this blesesd and much- wished-for peace is to be prepared, not for war, but with an efficient method of self-defence. When someone waxed en- thusiastic to Alphonse Karr and vehe- mently advocated the abolition of capital punishment, the witty French writer re- plied: "Certainly! I, too, am in favor of the abolition of capital punishment, but let Messieurs the Assassin set so- ciety the example." When the world de- cides to disarm we need worry no more anent arming; but for the present let us be practical. The Labor party in every land raises its voice against militarism. Well, militarism is a curse of the greatest, but it is a less curse than the armed occupation of your country by invaders — possibly by in- vaders of an inferior race. The following members debated the lecture, Messrs. Wallace, Roberts, H. Low, J. Carroll, Alderman Jones, James Ryan, and Alderman Meagher. A hearty vote of thanks was tendered to the lecturer and chairman. — ** 