-Review of the Fleet.— President Roosevelt a few days ago re viewed the greatest fleet of fighting ships that ever assembled under tbe Americau flag. In aD, 43 ships were present, carryinc i.ub guns, ana wim n total complement ot $12 officers and 15.233 men. The day opeued with drizzling ruin; but the weatlier cleared, and the review was held in brilliant sunshine. A salute of 21 pips, tired simultaneously from 40 war tips, greeted the President, who was on board tlie yacht Mayflower, with a party eoiiMsting of the foreign naval attaches md the Xaval Committccnien of Congress. After the review, the President received le commanding officers oh board the May flower, and entertained them to luncheon, c subsequently visited the flagships of the different divisions. The President's launch had to go through a heavy sea raised by the gale. : —Brutal Prize FigliU— ? Battling Nelson, the Danish-American, who was defeated by the nezro Joe -Janj in the great fight for tbe lightweight cham pionship of the world and a puree of £6,000, » confined to bed, bruised and slashed be-, yond recognition. There is the most intense eeling throughout the coun.tr- against Nelson's unfair tactics in the ring, and the wonder grown why the referee refused to intervene and give a decision in favour of Gang before the forty-second round, by which time the negro had fought 12 rounds with one hand broken. Gans, despite a cruel Mow which he received below tht belt. L- all right. He says that if Nelson is dissatisfied with the decision, be is ready to fight' him again at any time or any place, but the next time the winner most take all the purse. In Monday's contest it was agreed that Kelson should have two-thirds of the money, win, lose, or draw. Gans added to the feeling against Nelson's mana ger by the- statement that he bad been offered some days before the fight £5.000 to allow Nelson to beat him. Gans replied, 'I don/t want your money. I want to show America that I can beat Nelson. That will do something for the credit of the Ameri can negro.' —Anxious to Leave Cuba.— The Hew York Herald pottkhes a tele gram from' Havana, statins that owing to the revolution a tltouaand immigrants and abourers are preparing to return to Spain. lie continuation of the movement, it is declared, would be a serious blow to tbe prosperity of tbe island, and the corre spondent askertc that it is no exaggeration, to say that men versed in finance are be ginning fo icar a panic. The rate of in terest has already risen. to 20 per cent., seriously inconveniencing planters. A busi new man is quoted a« expressing himself in favour of annexation, and sumresthrt that prompt action by tbe United State* would block the Anglo-Cuban commercial treaty, which bad only been pieeon-boled. n f»rt nt wkMi Mr Smt vraa an.-an- Tt war intended, the business man main tained, tc lias the treaty in January next. . —International Baby Show.— America's biggest baby show was held last week at Coney Island. New York's fa mous playground by tbe sea, which is a sompound of Ramsgate and Blackpool, with x strong tincture of Wanstead Flats or Hampstead Heath on a bank holiday. A committee of discernine matrons, sadly handicapped by the presence of fond rao Uiers, awarded the prizes. New York is t very cosmopolitan population, hence the 'international' cbuet with actual exhibits of infantile Philippine*. Japanese, and Chi neec. Enterprising amuaement promoters recently held at Coney Island a reunion of 'incubator children.' when ««re« of young people who had been 'hatched' br arti icial means sat down to a substantial tea. On the same occasion an incubator dub was founded, in which incubator babies, if they ever grow to mature years, may have free privileges. —Interesting Geological Finds.— Additional evidence to support toe theory that the continent of America was once pined to A«ia is furnished by the dis coveries of E. M. Kindle and J. H. Bar nett, of the United States Geological Sur vey, who visited the Yukon Valley and adjacent territory this summer. Mr. Bar nett says.— 'Our discovery in Alaska of several species of fossil invertebrates, which do not exist in any other part of tbe con tinent of America, but which do exist in Siberia. leads to the belief that the two continents were once joined. I am not at liberty to announce just what animal fos sils were discovered, put our find is an in teresting one, as it was not known before that these forms existed at all on the Ame-, rksn continent. We started for Alaska on June 6. Our trip was for the purpose of obtaining data on the formation of the country, and this was accomplished by means of collecting fossih from the river banks. We went 303 miles up the Porcu pine River from Fort Yukon to the boun dary, from the boundary above Eagle to Circle Citv. and from Rampart to tlie Tanana. We found fossilized! oysters and clams, which closely resembled present day fresh water mussel', and other like forms of invertebrates. We gathered fos sils from the bedrock along tbe river banks.' 