PERSONAL NOTES FROM ENGLAND. ? u The Kegi&tcr; Ollk-e, 80 Fleet street, LONDON, February 9. — Rinvilt.- ? _ Kinjr I-.dward's licnltb has been llio Pnb rct of disquieting rumours, which prob ably originated in the fact tlmt Dp Utt an .nequaintance of the Kinir. who mat Jinn jor.g ago at Marienbad, had been vUit , one at Windsor Castle. So keenly is every movement «nd little circumstance con Jieetcd.with royalty watched by the pub lic that, the doctor's presence was constru ed ominously, and not until a ttrai-otliciai statement was issued was the impression jrensoved: AA'licn King Edward saw Dr. Ott last autumn it \v;k nnv.ntfed that wHc:i next ?the doctor vi«nto«l EnfiUnd he should . tc received by Hi* Majesty at Windsor, ?«nd therefore he was present as an iic -iuaintnnce and not in his professional cis^tcity.— To-day the Kin* will go to ?Portsmouth, and to-morrow will there Haunch the Dreadnought, the great bnttte . ship which is so fnr in advance of' all others as practically to render them obso lete. The leviathan was land down lust .October, and i^ to lie ready for sea with in lS'months from th.it date. His Majesty naturally wished to make the aciiuair.tince of the politician whose name is in everybody's mouth, ^Ir. John iJiirns, and for the first time in 15riti.-ii history a direct representative oi working men conferred with his Sovereign in the capacity of a Minister of State. The pedes trian who passed the President of the k Live.il Government Hoard as he walla.il I through .St. James's Park on his wuy to Buckingham Palace would hardly have im agined his destination, for he was clad .13 ' usual in his reefer-jacket suit purniountc 1 by the Ik.vIci- hat. ?'Honest John'' was not nervous, for as be -strode along he met a little boy trying to j^t a big hoop going. The Min dater of Stale forgot all about the King for a. moment, and joined the youngster in .tackling the problem. Uetweeii the two 'they overcame the difficulty , and ]Mr. I Burns had the satisfaction of seeing the youngster scamper off with, hoop running ;well 'before the wind. King Edward found so much to talk about to his Minister that IMr. Burns was in the presence for nearly an hour. The approachability of King Edward has again been demonstrated. Au old soldier, 1 Jtged S2, had grieved for a loug time over j the loss of his medals, stolen from him in ? the Strand in 1S72 during the thanksgiving | lifter His Majesty's recovery from typlwid iever. All his eJForts to get fresh medals bad been unsuccessful. Recently a friend Eaid, 'Write to the King, and trfl him all ubout it.' The old fellow did so, and His Majesty has caused the medals to he sent lo him.— The King will shortly receive a curious petition. It is to be forwarded by \ Tcprescntativu. of many coast, towns in. J Qiugland, drawing attention to the remark- j nhle manner in which the coastline is beit'c j vntcu away by the sea. :uid iiskinjj that j provision should be made by the Crown for fighting the devouring element. While the waves encrotucii in some parts, they j xeeeile in others: and its the Crown takes; nil the reclaimed jand, the owners of ? 'coastal property think it should render a. fluid pro quo by allbnling coast protection. When Queen Alexandra lauded in Den mark her native country was enveloped in B counterpane of snow. Awaiting her ar .-nunl nt Knvair \\\ir-ri* ihp I lowaeer- EmDress :of Russia, the Duchess oi Cumberland, and Prince Waldemar.' The cliildren of the 'clead King went to Copenhagen together; and at the railway station, where the M-aiting room was hiing with crepe, a very Hffeclih' meeting took place between the bereaved travellers and the present King 1 of Denmark, Queen Louise, and other imembers of the Danish Royal Family. On 'arrival at the royal lulace the children of King Christian proceeded . to the room ?where the body is lying, and Queen ,iAle.\andrri knelt in prayer, end remained In this attitude by the bier for some time. -A description of. the coffin and its sur j-oundings in the present position by Rcu ?:ter spoaks of them as forrning 'a picture Sot impressive simplicity, which it would be difficult .to surpass, The entire absence of Mark is noteworthy. The,' ml walls, the pildud window frames, the _ multi-coloured ilnwetv, in which the King's' favourite piiik ^Fagna Charta rose predominates, succeed, in removing the idea of death, and suggest iihat Kins Christian's pasaiu; is rather the ifrowning point of a glorious life. This iiote is also stnick in the prayers offered in tho churches to--lay, in -which the King .?was not eulogized as a. monarch, but as a lnan and a pattern for every Christian.' —The Agents-General. — The Agents- General of the Coimnon -realth States Ixive had under considera tion an idea for the annual observance in [London of an Australian Day; and. al though the project is still in ah embryotic jstage, it has been, the subject of reference 'in the London press. Should an annual White be fixed for a represenfeitive Austra lian celebration to take the place of the Various separate gatherings now observed 3-V .some of the different States, ;ind at tended by the representatives of all, a func tion of a more imposing character might l-e organized, and Australians froni every '?i:irt of the island continent be brought together in one striking assemblage. The idat-e of the anniversary of the foundation ?of Sydney. January 28, has been suggest ed; Hit at that time of the year com .imrativcly few Australians are in ^London. Visitors to Great Britain gene ?r.dly time their stay lo take pliice in' tho Rummer months, and probably a day he .tween Jlay and August would also best suit those resident here. {The idea is good, and in these days times of S-tate advertise ment it may lie of practical value. A .large attendance is expected at the lecture to be delivered next week by Mr. Jenkins at the Royal Colonial Institute. The meet ing will be preceded by a dinner, and iamong tlio?e who have arceptcd invitations jinr both enaagements are Lady Clarke, ;2VFrs. and Miss Jenkins, the new Anglican Bishop of Adelaide and Mrs. Thomas. Mr. .O. C. Beale (President of the Federal Cbun ?cil of the Australian Chambers of Mauu rdaotures) and Mrs. Itoale. . 'Mr. Jenkins took a special train this af Mcfnoon for PortsniAuth, to nc present at I'Jne launch of the Dreadnought. .Severn! ' ?other Agents-General also accepted invita tions.— One of the crllers upon the Agent jTJenera! this ivcck was Mr. Henry .Toslin. H.ondrm Chairman of the .South Australian Company, who had a Ion? talk with Mr. ?Jenkins 'over the prospects of your Stale.— Among those present at tlie Society of Arts Electing on Tuesday afternoon, when Mr. Uctavius ('. I.cnle read a paper on ''Im perial immigration'' before the colonial sec jion of tho Kiciety. were Mr. Jenkins, Sir john Cockburn, and Sir T. Fowell Burton. Jn the speeches that followed the reading oi the |Kiper, tho gist of which has been telejrnphcd to you, Viscount Ridley Said the recent verdict of the country on the iiscal question would 'not he accepted as iinnl, anil Mr. Jenkins evoked laughter by nientioning that he knew two colonists who had settled their sons on English farms. He looked for a new stream of im migrants towards Anstralia to be added to that running to Canada; both colonies hud i millions of acres available. ? — Anglo-Ausmilian. — Ciincn Hopcraft, Avho was in London last week for the con-socration in Westminster Abbey of the Rev. A. Nutter Thomas, and also at the at home given by the Bishop of Rochester, is now in Herefordshire. He is taking -Sunday duty, but payiiij visits 1o relatives in Gloucestershire and Lan cashire. Tie has had only two Sundays free from ordinary .Sunday work since leav ing Adelaide, but says it keeps him from rusting, and that he is enjoying himself. Ilis health is improved. Yesterday Mr. Simpson Ivewland called upon the Agent-General, and the old poli tical friends had a long chat. Mr. and 'Mrs Nevfond, who had a pleasant home ward ? passage, broke the journey at Dur ban wher» they remained three days, and also' paid a flying visit to Capetown. Though Mr. Xeivland is- seeking rest and. ?with his wife hopes to spend most of -the lime in England as 11 holiday, he has several matters on hand which will keep Jiim fa-rJy well occupied.. The stay in Eng land may estend until June or July, when Jlr. and Mrs. Newland will return by the same route, with the object of seeing their two soas, who are in South Atnca._ Mr. A'kitur M. Newland is in business m the protwtonite of East Africa, and Mr. Halph Kcwland is an assayer on a gold mire near .Tohanmvbtirg. It- is probable that the 1 i-itor? will go as far as the Victoria Falls, :iiul get a filimtwe of this wonder of the vorldr A number of readers of books- of the 'character Mr. Ncwlaud is . eminently qualified to write eagerly, look for this kind r-f literary recreation, but he has no MSb; ?-\ith him'. The Rev. Frank Kirar hns been spending tHe Tia.'st two or three weeks in London. Ho has lunched with the new Bishop of Adelaide and with the Bishop of London, and has seen a good deal of his brother. Capt. Arthur King, of the 6th Minister (Fu?iliers, who has been passing examina tions for hU majority. On Wednesday 1 the reverend Rentiexuaa crossed over to the j Continent, and will visit Paris, Switzer \ land, Milan, Venice, Florence, and Home J on his way to Naples, whence he will ein Unrk on March 7 on board the German' beat for Adelaide.— Capt. W. N. Goalea. ? l!.X.,'lias had a most successful operation' 1 l.-crforjned on his eye by Dr. Lawford. the v ell-Known ophthabnic . sungeon. Lately Cri|,t. Goalen Jws been attendinj: to busi rtcss in -onneetion witb the estate in Eng land of his hue wife-Mr, and Mrs. 11. Aitschke s|)cnt a little time at Lyons Di .1011, and Paris before returning from their triu to the south of France. They are much better for the excursion.-Mr. and Mrs Charhck who.hasre been here and on he Continent for,,- several months, are to leave for Australia by the Suevic— Jt is announced that the marriage arranged between Horace Clare, second son of Sir Henry Waterfield, K.C.S.I.,' and Margaret JUspeth. second daughter of Col. E W Crcs^velL late Eoyal Engineers (brother of Upl. Crrewell, K.N., C.M.G.), will take place in -iew Zealand early in June. Air. James fionwick,' whose death is re ported, was known to many South Austra lians in London. Many years ago he was resident in your State, and will be remem bered by some old colonists as the prede cessor of Mr. E. W. Wickes, one of your earliest schoolmasters, and afterwards see-, retary of the old Board of Education. The iDady Chronicle, writing on the death of Mr. Bonwick, says:— 'The most indnstrious of Australian authors has been removed. He fills several pages of the British Museum catalogue, and tue number of his publications, some of them \'ery bulky }-ooks, is close on a hnndred. More than 60 years ago he was one of half a dozen Lon don teachers selected by Lord John Kussdl at the request of tlie Government of Tas mania. He remained in Tasmania until the; opening of the Australian goldfields, when he betook himself to Mlarat, brought out The Diggers' Magazine, and was eventually appointed an Avstralian inspector of schools. Mr. Bonwiek's books ? cover al most every phase and department of Aus tralian life. He has written the early his tories of Victoria and New South' Wales, the lives of the bushrangers, biographies of the founders of Melbourne nnd Sydney, thfi '.Romance of the Wool Trade,' 'Xotes of a Golddigger,' 'Earables of a School -In- spector,'^ &c.; Ilis last work, .published 'a couple of years asro,. was his autobiography. He held the appointment of archivist to the Government ot New South Wales in Lon don, and unearthed a number of valuable documents bearing on early Australian his tory long biiricj in the l^ublic Record Office, tlie British Muscnm, and elsewhere.' — 'Yarn! njid IVTiiitnrv — Lord Roberts is continuing his campaign to popularize rifle shooting. He is confi dent that the idea has taken hold_ of the country. Speaking recently he- said that when lie went out 18 months ago to study the battlefields of South Africa he observ ed that the Boers always had ]Jenty of cover. Unless) our men could shoot, tiiere iore, they always ? esperJeneed great diffi culty in 'turning them out. We used to io-e men. and not do much daniace to the Boers. It wis after that that be endeavour ed to stir up the people of this toiuiiry to take up rifle shooting as a national pursuit. In the days when all our soldiers were archers it was part of the education of a 'hoy that he should.be provided by the schoolmaster with a bow to fit. him, and archery w;is looked u[»n as part of a lny's education. He (Lord KoberU) want ed'the same conditions to prevail now. Mr. Oishi, the member of the Japanese Parliament who put to the Mikado's Minis ter of War the question which resulted in a reported answer cuncerning Great Bri tain's Armv which has aroused a ^oud deal of coninw.nt in this country, has offered an explanation. His interpellation was caused by a desire to assist Great Britain in effecting a -liflicnlt but indispensable re form. He had not the slightest intention of hurting British susceptibilities. Mr. Oishi thought a stimulus from outside often helped to facilitate the uccoinplishnient of a diilicult task. Tlie Embassy in London made enquiry into the alleged reply of the Jlinister of War, and tlie answer places it in a very different setting. Instead of the bald statement which reached us, declaring practically that it was his intention to bring' under Great Britain's notice the con dition of her army, it is now explained that the Minister's utterance was substantially to the following effect:— 'I am awire of the article in tlie Alliance Agreement, as pointed out by Mr. Oishi, stipulating that the naval and military authorities of the two Powers shall, frankly and _ sincerely, consult one another on the conditions and means of armed assistance to be rendered. The Government therefore have to act upon this stipulation hereafter; but they have riot as yet entered into any discussion Dn the subject.' The incident has illus trated the necessity for extreme care in the mode of expression Jn matters affecting foreicn relations: and intelligent men of the luist are pretty sure to lay it to heart, and guard against s-uch little slips. ? T.fMrnl ? ? Lord .Justice ynughan Williams- and three brother Justices, sitting as the Court of Appeal, gave an important judgment this week bearing upon, the confidence existing between newspaper editors an-l those who convey to thorn information. An industrial society sued the proprietors of a publication called The Tradesman andShop keci-er for libel, the piper having stated in effect that the plaintiff society was in the throw? of bankruptcy; that immense suans had been withdrawn by members; that an employe had misappropriated a large sum ot' money, and thut. although tlie di rectors knew that the balance sheets -were incorrect, they dared not institute a prose cution for fear that it might further frighten the members; and concluded with a suggestion that the worst was yet to be made known. The plaintiff sought to com pel tiie proprietors of tlie paper to disclose tlie source of their information. The Court upheld tho common practice of declining to require disclosure of the source, but decid ed that the nature of the information upon which tlie article was written is to be 'set out in tho answer to the interrogatory. The point is of importance to all connected with newspaper work, who will feel that the judgment i.= in the interests of public policy; for. while the ' right of redress apimst a newspaper still remains to the aasnevod. tho protection of the source of information maintains the power of th--» newspaper as an arm of assault against wrong. , —Literary.— The Eev. John Watfoii ('Ian Maclaren') lold nn audience this week that a sense of humour was a hindrance to practical suc cess in life, and those who lacked thn quali ty niiiht congratulate themselves. He who possessed the daneernus gift should hide it behind a sustained ana impenetrable solemnity till the evening of life, when it might perhaps be used as a luxury. _Mr. Julian Hawthorne, writing in The New Yark American, alleges: — ''niere is a savins! that whenever a new settlement i? founded in Australia the first thing done is to mark out the situ for the cemetery:/ the next, to survey and pmde the rate course. The whole life of this people,' he observes, 'i.s pa^eri in tlie open air; the pereeutnge of drone.? among them is so small as to be a negligible quantity: and. altogether. Australia might be considered the paradise of athletes.' —Medical.— Dr. Maraglinno, of Genoa, has another consumption 'cure,' on which he has been experimenting for the past seven years. He has manufactured a tuberculine that renders an organism into. which it has been injected capable^of resisting afterwards an injection of the same poison sufficient to kill an uninoculated organism. Those in :erested are warned, however, not to build up false hopes. Mr. Eider Haggard has been talking ibout the shocking failure of civilization to reduce infant moi-tality. In this connec tion reference might be made to the tactful union of the Mayor of Huddersfield. who iftored a sovereign to every mother in the town who preserved her baby alive through the first 12 months,. and. also persuaded a [lumber of ladies to go about as instructors in infant rearing. Those who read my note :-n the Mayors offer at. the timeitwas made ivill be interested to learn thafe the death rate of infante in Huddersfield has fallen irom 122 to 34 per 1,000. Now the City of London has arranged that every birth with in Jte boundaries is to be notified to fhe :hief lady sanitary inspector, who will call upon the mother, and instruct her in the 'cedinc and rcarinnr nf cliilrirpTi — Mining. — Mr. F. II P. Creswell, a brother of Capt. CresweU, of the Commonwealth Navy, is recognised as an authority on mining in South Africa and as a champion of white labour on the mines. Lecturing at the City Liberal Club on the Chinese labour ques tion this vyeek. he desJt with it from a shnreholder's point of view. He contended that there was not sufficient Kaffir labour to be got in iSouth Africa to work the mines. Then, was it' reasonable and busi nesslike to import large quantities of in dentured foreign labour? The Labour Com mission hiid said that to develop all the deep levels -367,000 native labourers would be -required. As there were only 100.000 Kaffirs . available, that meant the importa tion of a (garter of a million Chinamen. After 18 months' experience of Chinese la bour, he questioned whether the result -was eucouraging. ? Did Chinese labour pay? The- President of the Chamber of Mines had said that costs at the den Deep Mine had gone-down f rom 34/4 ?per ton, when the Chinamen first came, to 22/8 last December. But the President had not said that, before i the Chinamen came, costs / at the Glen. ! Deep had been reduced from 27/4 to 19/11. It might naturally be asked why the au thorities on the Band disagree with Mr. Creswell's view, if, as he seeks to show, that view is a right one? He answers by slating in eilect that their action arises from foolishness, and be, beseeches the shareholders, who are the real' 'owners of the. mines, to watch, their own affairs more closely. Were the authorities wise, he asks, when, wanting Kaffir labour, they re duced Kaffir wages by' half ? Were they wise in giving Kaffir labour in the same proportion to mines with wide and mines with narrow stopes? Had they brought about a feeling of confidence in tlie minds of European shareholders? Mr. Creswell advocates an organic change in the way of using labour, and says he never has had the shVrhtest difficulty in getting _ white men to do any sort of work he required of them. He would not use white labour w-astefully. as Kaffir labour is used; and he declares that, properly 'organised, the for mer is three times more effective than the latter. \ ? Tl''~ —Mnsical and' Dramatic. — A story is stold of Signer. Caruso, the great; Italian, tenor, who lately delighted music lovers at Covent Garden. Recently at a bank' in New York' he was informed that, a draft in his favour could not be cashed until he had proved his identity. Caruso thought for a moment of the bother, and' inconvenience to which he would-be put. and then an idea struck him. #He began to sing the 'Recondite Armonie, . from 'Tosca.' The clerks dropped their pens, and listened entranced. When the last note died away they joined in a round of applause, the cashier paid over the money, and Caruso stepped out into the street. It is said that Jenny Lind once sang in the Bank of England, and that 5ladame Patti waflbled in a bank in Paris in order to get over the identification dif ficulty, Mr. Cr. A. Seiacer, who, I believe, hails from Adelaide, is understudy for Mr. James Welsh, who is now takintr the lead ing i«rt in a snccessfol play called ''The Heroic Stubbs.' This drama has attracted attention in consequence of the objection taken to a line spoken by one of the actors, which asks, in effect— What is ,the cood of being virtuous in a shop? To 'remove any wrong impression ' that may Jiave ' been created by the remark, the management has given free tickets to a number of London shopgirls, that they may have the or/poiy tunitv of judging for themselves whether the line is so very objectionable. ''; — Religious and Philanthropic. — When the Bishop of London was driving through Dean's Yard Archway after thp conclusion of the consecration of tlie Angli can Bishop of Adelaide his horses' knocked down a child, who was instantly under their feet.' Tlie Bishop sprang from the carriage and helped to rescue the hoy. who ad been miraculously saved from hurt. Dr. In£ram, however, was very anxious, and wished to drive the child home; but the nurse informed him that the little one was the son of a clergyman Irrine in Dean's Yard, and that she would take him to the louse immediately. The liisbop asked that he should be written to that night, so that he might be sure the child had suf ered no harm.' 'Mind you write,' he said to the nurse, after inakrns: himself known. Then, to the boy, as he drove off. he said— ''Well, you must be more careful how you cross the road in future, little fellow.'' Gen. Booth, when opening a night shel ter in Whiteehapel this week, made an en -husiastk: speech. 'If,' said he, 'a man -reaks down in his reason, you have a shel ;er in/ the shape 'of an. :isy'lmn. If a man breaks down in las health, you have a shelter in the shape of a hospital— and a very expensive shelter it i.s. . If a man breaks down in his integrity, you have a shelter in the shape of a prison, -where you try to set him on his feet again— but you don't. If a, man breaks down in his cir cirmstancte, you have a shelter in ? the wretched workhouse, where. yon shut liirn up as in a prison, instead of trying to re store him to society once niore. What is my plan? First I would sort out tlie 2.000 3,000. 4.000 men we shall have here in the course of next week. A certain number are ready for anything in the way of work, but I would, put them through a test of 12 months' sobriety. Tf a ma.n survived that 1 would find him a place where be could earn his bread. If I could not find work for him in this conntry, I would find it in another country where men are wanted. There are too many men here. As for others. I would take them away ly compul sion; I would put them down in a colony and the poorest, would reform. There, would be opportunities for work, and -when iiev could not run away they would bejn'n. to like work. .Those who are beyond these methods I would shut up for ever. They uonld have papers, to read; Liberal papers : they were Liberals. Conservative papers if they were Conservatives; and if they did not know on -which side of the Conserva-- tive Partv they wore — Mr: Balfour's or Mr.. Chamberlain's— they would have papers of both kinds. Tf they could not live with out tnijjx'co. thov would have tobacco. They would bo kindly treated, and would go down to their graves in. peace. That is my plan; the question is, who is to pay the pnier?' The Rev. Francis Cr. Clark, who founded the Christian Jjhdeavour Society at Port land, {Maine, in 1SS1. still maintains his office and his interest in the movement, which to-day has over 70,000 societies and ?Rveral millions of adherents. This week the Christian Endeavourers telebrated-the twenty-fifth anniversary of their organiza tion. According to Tlie Pall Mall Gazette the Swiss heiress who married 'Dr.' Dowie's son has written to her mother, on Lake L'onstancc, that the First Apostle has been lethroned, and that Zipn City is falling to pieces. — Siiorting. — John Koberts is playing well aSainst T. Aiken in their heat, in Hie billiard tourna ment promoted by Messrs. Burroughes ami Walts, and has recovered some of Jus old form. Tlie veteran gives his opponent a ] start of 2,500, and both men have beeni oing some big scoring nt times, but Ro berts is the more consistent. Among the Litter's breaks are 241. 232, 102, 185, 171, 134, 110, while bis opponent's best are 219, 204, 146, 141, 139, 117, 116, and 104. Jioberts is gradually griming points and at 1 prestnt the suore:- stand at — Roberts, 5,So2; | Aiken '(rec. 2,500). G.476. — Playing against! Stevenson at Leieeester square this week! Inman made a break of 310, and Stevenson j one of 274. The former receives a start of 2,500, and up to the present has jus-t in:mag ed to keep ahead of his opponent, whose score now is 5,597 against Imuan'js C.42S. —Obituary. — The news of Lord Masham's death will recall to Australians the fact that he was one of the greatest benefactors their coun try has known, for by the invention of a woolcombins machine he practically creat ed the woolgrowing industry. Inventors had been experimenting hi this direction for 50 years without success. As Lord Mas ham said in his volume of reminiscences— ''[ doubt if the steam engine, the locomo tive, the spinning frame, and the power loom, all put together, have occupied so many minds, and taken as much effort, time, and expenditure as the woolcombing problem; and yet, at the end of more than 50 years after Cartwright's great in vention, no one had succeeded, and it ap peared almost hopeless to think that any! o'ne would.'' The credit of the invention 1 is claimed by some for Sir Isaac Holden, j though many ner^ons accept LordMasham's , claim as established. _ He purchased, for j £1,000 a half-interest in a mnchinc invent-1 ed by Mr. Donnisthorpe, and. from this' basis worked at the problem until he suc ceeded, and then bought the total rights' for another £10.000. Other inventions by Lord Masham, or Mr. 'Lister, as lie was in j his most active days, were referred to some ! time ago in these notes. He^ was made ;/ 1 Deer in 1S91. ;it tlie age of 79, died aged 94 and left to Ki« sis children a fortune esti mated at £3,000,000. — fjpnwnl ? Lord Carrington (President of the Board of Agriculture) has, at his own expressed wish, been elected a member of the Far mers' Club. He has told thorn' that he could not hold out any hope that the new Government would be able to enact the part of the 'fairy godmother to agricultu rists, and by the touch of a, magic . wand to transform what had been described-. as the ^Cinderella of industries. This/ how ever, lie 'could say, that the members of the Government were one and all strenuous freetraders, and had no philosophic doubts on the fiscal question, about- which even ! the leaders of the Opposition appeared not '' to have quite made up their minds. Lordi Oarrington described his attitude towards j his tenants both large -and small as being j 'Cultivate as you like, vote as yon like, j slwojfc as you like, so long as you pay mei j fnir rent.' ' , , j The Earl of/Aberdeen evidently intends; to entertain largely , at Dublin Castle, and' to make the season brilliant. ' Dinner parties have been held every night, this week, and that -riven last night was a State function. The Earl, who visited , South Australia as a visitor to the State! about '20 years ago. is' showing great activity in the Irish capital, and has as sured a deputation that the Government j intends to maintain a sympathetic altitude ; towards all classes of people in Ireland, i Lady Crnthia Necdham. daughter of the Karl pf Kilmorey, was thrown from her horse last week while riding in Rotte.u Row, and sustained a compound fracture of_a leg. She is progressing favourably. Lady Mary Hamilton, of wliows interest ing personality I wrote a few weeks ago, has said ''Yes' to the Marquis of Graham, and the engagement is formally announced. Lady Mary is reputed to be the richest heiress in England, as her yearly income runs into nix figures. The isle of Arran is among her properties, and she is sonic times spoken of as the Queen of Arran. She is just 21— her coming of ase w;-s celebrated in November last— and the Mnr qnis of Graham, who is the eldest son of the Duke of Montrose. is 23. He is a young man of mettle, who prefers a life of act'-on to ease and luxury. After leaving Eton he gained experience as a volunteer mid shipman, and later, . havinc a master's certificate, sailed to Australia. He was on the -old favourite sailer Hesperus, and he also navigated Lady Brasseys- yacht the Sunbeam. He was' amonjy the large num ber of young men of high birth who volunteered for Bervicc in Souttf Africa, and his. adventurous spirit found the exer cise it needed in chasing De Wet. He U connected with the family of Sheridan, the dramatist, on, his mother's side, is tall and handsome, and evidently in all respects a fitting hero for such a romance. 