NEW ZEALAND'S PRODUCTS. HIGH PRICES IN LONDON. GOOD PROSPECTS FOR THE DAIRY FARMER. DANISH STANDARD APPROACHED. . WELLINGTON, Jan. 6. The current season promises to yield a rich return to the dairy farmer. The prices of our butter and cheese were never so high, or so consistently high, as they have been just recently, are now, and promise to remain, and on this high market the great liners are landing record shipments. Never before has our butter been so near the top rung on the home market, and never has it so nearly approached the ambition of our enthusiastic inspectors and instructors viz., to compete in the open market. with the famous Danish butter, and to command as good a price as the product of the Danes. The latest weekly report of the New Zealand High Commissioner in London states that the butter market is very firm, but excited, on account of the falling-off of shipments, while the supply is short of demand. Ever since the beginning of November, When New Zealand butter was fetching 92s per CArt., the price has steadily risen, until the average for last week was £18s, or about 9s more than at the end of 1904. The secretary of the North Island Dairy Association, Mr. Harkness, says that at no period Yvttuia his recollection have prices gone up so steadily. New Zealand is now obtaining the highest price he has known for any continuous time. He points out that the quotations contained in the High Commissioner's cablegram are based on the average prices for the week, but the association has received advice that some brands of New Zealand butter have brought as much as 120s per cwt this sea- son-the nearest approach to Danish ever known in the history, of the produce trade of this country. Mr. Harkness is not quite sure that the present season's output will exceed that of last year, but it has to be remembered that last season's total contained a quantity of butter that had been stored through the winter, whereas the new season's output is all fresh. If, as is expected, the present high prices are maintained, there is a good time in store for our producers, for large quantities are now arriving, and are being followed by even larger shipments. About a week ago the Kumara reached London with 30,678 boxes butter, and 1264 cases cheese; the Ruapehu, now about due, took 38,417 boxes butter and 3507 cases cheese; the Gothic left early last month with 50,129 boxes butter and GG57 cases cheese; a few days before Christmas the Rimutaka sailed with 49,012 boxes butter and 8123 cases cheese; and the Ionic left Wellington to-day with some 65,000 boxes butter and 7000 cases cheese. in view of the arrival of those shipments, the market is being watched with very keen interest. The fact that New Zealand butter is steadily overhauling the product of Denmark should prove a stimulus to the farmer to keep up the high quality of his Yvarc, and at the same time it must be particularly gratifying to the Govornment graders and Instructors, who have striven so hard to improve the quality of this important article of export. THE WOOL INDUSTRY. Mr. John Roberts, C.M.G., has just returned to Dunedin from a visit to Great Britain, where he visited all the principal shows. It was noticeable, he says, that breeding was going on along the old lines, and In conformity with the ideas of breeders in New Zealand. Mr. Roberts was very favourably impressed with the colony's wool prospects. There was nothing special to account for the high prices at home, except the sound state of trade, all yvooIIcu Industries being very prosperous. He points out, however, that fcYV commodities fluctuate in price more than wool, and it often happens that men whose fingers are right on the pulse of business are altogether mistaken in forecasting the future tone of the market. There seems no question about the present season being a favourable one for. New Zealand flockoiYners, though Mr. Roberts is doubtful as to how far this may be taken as an index for the future, seeing that next season the market will be asked to absorb an additional 150,000 bales from Australia. Mr. Roberts also made Investigations into the manufacturing side of the wool business, and expresses himself pleased with the past year of (he Mossgiel (Dunedin) Woollen Company. The company, he says, cm do good business In plain Hvceds, but one thing Unit operates against them, and against New Zealand mills in general, is the fact that In checks and fancy tweeds men prefer a suit- ing of a pattern that is only worn by a minimum of others. This taste-a perfectly natural one, Mr. Roberts readily admits-Is catered for by the home mills, at the end of each season, cutting up their remaining tweeds and distributing them over the colonies in such a way that not more than, say, tweed suit lengths of the same pattern are placed in one to on. Of course, such a proceeding is only possible In the case of a business having a very wide field of operations. Up to the present this is quite out of the question with companies having so limited an area to work upon as the New Zealand concerns have. LAMB RAISING IN AUSTRALIA. After a visit of four months to Australia, during which time investigated the possibilities of Victoria and Riverina for the rais- ing of fat lambs, Mr. George Sprott, agent at Ashburton for Messrs. Borthwick and Sons, of London, states that he was very favourably impressed with what he saw. He is of opinion that Victoria will soon be a formidable competitor against New Zealand on the London lamb market. The cost of production, he points out, Is much loss in Australia than here, because the lambs are raised on native grasses. In addition to this, prime quality lamb from Riverina can reach London by August, whereas the first New Zealand lamb reaches home in December. Gippsland and the west of Victoria, Mr. Sprott products, will become to Australia Yihat Canterbury is to the South Island of New Zealand. GOVERNMENT AID IN EXPORT OF APPLES. With a view to encourage a new line of export the Government last year intimated its willingness to guarantee a return of one penny per pound not on all apples shipped from New Zealand to London. The offer, however, was made rather late in the season, and none of the fruitgrowers'' associations were able to secure supplies in sufficiently large quantity to enable them to avail themselves of the offer and make experimental shipments. The matter is being taken up earlier this summer. Cabinet has just received the offer, and it is hoped and believed that a number of associations will take advantage of it. The Government Imposes one condition only, namely, that the fruit must be passed as "first-class" by Its exports. The biological division of the Department of Agriculture will give shippers every facility to send the apples home, and is now in communication with the various associations In order to ascertain what quantities are likely to be available for export. POTATOES AND ONIONS. There appears to be every prospect of the price of potatoes remaining high in New Zealand for some time to come. . A Wellington firm which handles potatoes In rather a large way states that owing to short supplies coming to hand betWeen Christmas and the new year the market price, which just before Christmas was from £8 to £10 per ton, has since advanced to from £10 to 15 10s. Supplies are expected early, when the price will drop someWhat. The blight, however, which during the past few months has worked such havoc with the potato crop, appears to be spreading throughout the North Island, and it it should appear again in the South prices will be high throughout the season. Happily, the latest advice received by the Department of Agriculture is that the spread of the potato disease has been checked in many districts by spells of hot and dry weather. The price of onions has gone down with a big run during the past few months. Wellington merchants report that three months ago the market quotation was £18 per ton. That, however, was the top price, and since then there has been a gradual steady drop until to-day onions may be obtained at from £6 to £7 per ton. BACK FROM CANADA. "It is not Uko New Zealand." That is what a New Zealander who has just returned from Canada says of the great country in the far north-west, which we are so accustomed to hear described as something approaching a Paradise for farmers. After a few years' stay there Mr. Broome (formerly an engineer on the staff of the Westport Stockton Coal Company) considers that, although land is a great deal cheaper in Canada than in New Zealand, a man owning a farm here ought to stick to it rather than go to the Dominion. He says the climate is especially trying to people from New Zealand. The Government does nothing for the farmer. It is not like New Zealand. The Canadian Government gets them there, and that is the last It sees of them. In fact, the undesirable foreigners from Eastern Europe are treated better than the British Immigrants. On the whole the farming community seems to be well content- ed, though some of those who start without capital got into debt Yvl'th local storekeepers, and then they have a hard struggle. The New Zealand storekeepers, it is satisfactory to hear from Mr. Broome, are far more honest than those in the Western States, where they quite expect to amass a fortune during the course of three or four years' trading. The country is described as a bad one for farm labourers in the winter. There is hardly any employment to be obtained between December and March, and the money to be earned during the summer months, though it amounts to from 30 to 40 dollars a month, will scarcely suffice to keep the farm labourer in the necessaries of life during the winter period. Mr. Broome's brief account of his experiences in the snowy land are particularly interesting, in view of the fact that in certain directions Australasia and Canada may be regarded as rival bidders for the desirable immigrant. NEW ZEALAND AS A GOLD COUNTRY. During the year which ended last week the export of gold from this country exceeded that of the previous year by 163 oz, the total being the largest since the year 1871, when the goldfields at the Thames YYcro so prolific of the precious yellow metal. Since 1867, when the keeping of records began, New Zealand has sent away 17,146,630oz of gold, worth £67,230,584. Last month we sent away 37 95oz (or about 3000 oz more than during December, 1904), valued at £161,022. The Auckland district easily headed the list with 22,9 2oz, worth £91,746. Otago was next-647Goz, values £25,373; and Greymouth a good third, with 6395, worth £25,510. Of silver New Zealand exported 183,6 Gloz last December, valued at £18,479, as against 56 93oz, worth £5684, In the corresponding month of the previous year. 