NEW FROM EVERYWHERE A batch of 200 immigrants arrived in New Zealand from England. Tbe newly- appointed sanitary con tractor at Casino gets a salary of £364 per annum. Governor Northcote left behind & cheque for £5 5s as a donation to Lismore Hospital. Last month the Ooraki factory pro duced 37,7751bs. batter, paying sup pliers 9£d per lb. [ The co-operative societies of Vic toria have decided to form a Whole sale Co-opera ti.e Society. It is now published that Byron Bay factory pays away on an average over £1000 a day to suppliers. Dr. Hay carried off tbe champion prize for cow at the Toowoomba £how; also several first prizes. Victoria spends £1,000,000 anunally on charity. There aro 225 charitable organisations in that state. A new disease among South Coast calves, pigs, and dogB, has been diag nosed as a form of enteric fever. Mr. P. O'Sullivan has bought Mr. J. T. Cole's property at Upper K.nga roo River — 196 — acres — for £i025. Judge Docker is reported to have said he thinkB there is a forged bank note factory in existence in this State Under the new duties, Australian brandies and whiskies will have pro tection equal to about 5s lOd to fis per gallon. The Shoalh&ven; Agrieultural Socie ty has an overdraft of £500 on buii ing account, and £300 on general (current) account. A remarkable robbery occurred at North Fitzroy, Melbourne, on Thurs day night, when £400 stolen from John H&nraban.; Hanrahan had put his trousers, con t&ininr; the money, nnder his pillow. He chased the thieves and fired two shots after them, but without effect. A Pbince in Real itt. — The Jam of Nav anagar is dead, and has left no heir. Tbe latlier of tbe deceased Prii.ce adopted Ranjit Sinhji, and there is a possibility of the frmous cricketer succeeding to the Gadi. Mr. H. W. Lee, M.H.ii., paid a visit to Ballina last Saturday for a few hours. Mr. Lee attended the Brisbane Show as butter judge. The Hawkesbury has had practical ly no rain for eight months, and is worse off in that respect than it was during the great drought. \- The Shoalhaven Co-operative Bacon curing Company treated 3553 pigs during the past balf-ye-r. The nett profit for the whole year is £417 12s 8d. There are signs that the movement in Sydney in connection with the establishment of miniature rifie ranges will he taken up in the suburbs and conn try. Mr. Tbomae iiowland, of Wollon gong, tried to stop a runaway pair of horses, attached to a coach, but fell under the vehicle, and sustained a fracture of the thigh. ' That new farm hand of yours used to be a bookmaker.' How do you know I ?' Everytlmo he stops work for a minute he tries to put the pitchfork behing his ear.' The Victorian Licensed Victuallers' Association is preparing a petition, urgiug the Legislative Assembly to provide for the sale of liquor during limited hours on Sunday. Speaking at the banquet at Mur willamhah, Lord Northcote said that as a Britisher who had lived in Eng land he would say that he preferred to eat Australian butter than Danish. Some of the Government supporters say that tbe diatribes of the press are due to the fact that Carruthers and Co. refase to make a reduction in the carriage of newspapers on the railway. The milking contest at Brisbane Show was won by J. C. Hntion's Daisy, who in four milkings in tw.i days yielded 105$lbs. milk, butter fat. per centage 2.821bs., commercial butter 2.291bs, Tbe pnblio address to Governor Northcote at Bpron Bay set out that the weekly value of produce shipped from that port often reaches £10,000 ; also that the number of passengers who travelled by steamer between By ron Bay and Sydney daring the past six months was over 7000. 