ECHOES FROM: LONDON. [Prom our -Special Gorreepondent.] LONDON, April 27. —British Emigration,— - Last month 15,278 persona of BriSah ori gin, left this country for Canada, while 12,520 embarked for the. United States. These figures show that Canada is making nerseu known and appreciated among tnose who wish to seek their fortuned or make tb$ir homes beyond the sea. The contrast, in comparison with the figures of a decade ago, is very marked, for then the over whelming majority set-out for the United States. Perhaps the most remarkable point in the Parliamentary return . dealing with last month's emigration and immigra tion i3 the decrease of emigrants from Ire land. In March, 1905, the number of those who left the Emerald Isle was. 6,383, but in thie month just concluded only 3,331. depar tures are recorded. The drain of Ireland's best working population ha» been going oij for a very long- time, and -it is gratifying to note any signs that suggest the revival of home trade and prosperity necessary to keep Irishmen upon their native soil. — The Curse of the Motor Car.— The motor car is'\ooked upon by a large number of people as little short of a curse. It scares the pedestrian out of his wits and involves eternal watchfulness, culminat ing in a condition of nervous dread; it da slroys the beauty of quiet country roada by raising clouds of dust; it has knocked the. value out of properties fronting the main thoroughfares and roadways ~by making them uninhabitable in the summer time, be caise of an incessant whirlwind of dus: that smothers everything; it practically monopolizes the road from the driver and the cyclist; and to emphasize its contempt for the equal rights of other subjects of the KiW it throws out behind a stinfefchat would drive the peaceful dead from their la-.t rest ing places, could it reach them. How these atrocities are to be abated is not very clear, for it is certain that the motor car has come to stay. Perhaps one by one the objectionable points may be dealt with. Anyway, it is comforting to learn that a native of Geneva has discovered a means of overcoming the nuisance of smell. He has invented certain cones, to be bought nt about 1/8 a dozen, which consi-t of seve ral different acids mixed in certain propor tions and solidified. One or these cones Will kill the smell in about 11 gallons of petrol or benzine, substituting in place of the odour that is- too well known n i-er- iume of faint heliotrope. So that about two pennyworth or less of cone will -emit a swathe of heliotrope about 103 miles long. The Bareness Hengelmuller, wife of the Aus trian Ambassador to America, it is report-' ed. is popularizing the invention in the United States. —Parliament After the Holidays.— After the Foster recess the House of Commons assembled under the amended procedure rule*. The .Speaker took the Chair at a quarter to 3 o'clock, and tho proceedings at once began. Under Mr. Ualfour's rules the House met at ~2, and sat on till half-past 7, resumed at 9, aud went on with unopposed business until midnight. In future -Mr. Speaker Wl 1 hastily 'snatch a chop,' and the memter.s will dine as best they may and in as short a time as possible. During Mr. bpeaker s absence the Deputy Speaker w:ll occupy the chair, and the business of the day will be unbroken until the House rises at a little after 11. This will give merabsra a. Parliamentary working day of eight and a quarter hours, instead of, as formerly, one of eight and a half hours. When necessary the 11 o'clock rule may be sus pended1 but as the former dinner interval of an hour and a half is done away with che House is of opinion that its work can hp better accomplished under the new ar rangement. Tnvate ousiness anu uio answering of questions must be disposed of by 4 o'clock, at which hour the orders of the day are now taken. The later hour of nieetinc is compensated for by r. con tinuous sitting. After questions on the first day the business was the Land V alues Taxation (Scotland) Bill, which before the holidays would have stopped short at the end or its second reading if the Govern ment had not gracefully arranged time to have it referred' to a select committee. In the Lord Advocate's motion it was so re mitted. Mr. Balfour was present when the Solicitor-General (Sir William Eobson) addressed the House on the GoverniDent.s Trade Disputes- Bill. The ex- Premier was on the whole markedly sympatheticwith the Labour members' attitude on the clause regarding immunity for trade union funds. '?It we aiRUP ffpm experience, he taid. '?we need look forward with no aiMaetY_to trade union conduct in the future. VVe need-not -even fence round the community with men.ns of protection against these organizations.' If shown, in committee, that Labour members only contemplated a state of practical equality with employ ers' organizations he was open to accept immunity. His qualification was that in less moderate hands it nn'jrht prove a dan gerous weapon. The second readme was carried without a division. Mr. Balfour s complaisance -ivith both the matter and the manner of trade unionism and a Disputes Bill— which he declared ''second onlv ;n iltiDortance to any the Government have adumbrated or are likely to brinji for ward in the course of their tenure of office'— has been a theme of varied com ment and criticism. —Police Clear the Ladies' Gallery.— The ''woman's rights' ' demonstrator is a novelty inside the House of Commons. Her appearance in the Ladies' Gallery was an unlooked-for surprise, and no such ft imniue demonstration has ever before been made in Parliament as tcok place after Mr. Keir Hardie's three minutes' speech in moving 'That in the opinion of this House it is desirable that sex should cease to be bar to the exercise of the Parliamentary franchise.' A two minutes' speech from Mr. Wason 'vas sufficient to second the wotion, which was opposed by Mr. Long, nnd supported by Mr. Gladstone, who tiaid ihe Government would treat it as an open question. When Mr. Samuel Evans rose to speak against the motion he was recog nised ns an inveterate opponent by ccrtiin persons who had obtained admission to the Ladies' Gallery. From behind the grille tame a shrill and ironical chorus of 'Hear, hears.' It was evident that some of the women champions of feminine ambitions thevght Mr. Evans meant to talk out the r.'otion. Immediately the astounding and silly demonstration was made the serjeant at-arms sent un a warning message, which ????as disregarded, and angry women's voices ciied from, the Ladies' Gallery, 'Vote! Vote!' Promptly the police appeared be hind the grille under the orders of cour teous Superintendent Scantlebury. and at once there was a scuffle. 'Call yourselves liberals,' 'Don't be cowards,' 'Divide, divide,' 'Don't let it 'be talked out,' were pome of the angry vociferations hurled at the House as the police laid official hands on the advocates of women's rights. The just r.m:er of the House was not concealed, and. in answer to Mr. William Redmond's question as to the decency of the removal of Indies from the House by the police, Ihe Speaker renlied that he had given or ders to clear tiie jnillery. Mf5. P.vnklmrst and some few other ladies removed them selves, but Miss Millington was one who refused to budge unforced. Some were flushed with triumph as the police marched them steadily away, and manv Labour members expressed to Mrs. and M:ss Pank hurst their disapproval. 'I would have boxed her ears, if she had been my sister,' said Mr. John Burns. Yet there was. a comic side to the affair. When the 'wo- men's rights' troop were sifely landed in Pal;icf* yard there was the cry 'Who poes home?' Bnt how could the hatless and imooated ladies move awav to be renwr1 fihle among an outside crowd? Wh:lstMi-s Kennev was declaring 'There were 39 of us in thr 'pliery' a couple of officials ao pp.-ired with th?'r arms full of ^ats. jackets, ions, and furbelows. Miss Biliinjrton, who had pushed a banner through the grill' hiring the _ivordc 'Votes for wown.' ivl'ilsf declarine 'TJipre wer» three inlice n:cn to one wman.'' hrnned here and there in'sep^li of hir hnt. S»lection wns nw'e from tli' bundles ;'! drnnsHed on the pnvc p:ont. nnd hats ind iackfits were exchanged j rom h.ind to lhand. The stalwart nolice- ' men presided over all. and then eEccrtcd the 'nuffnwettes' beyond 'the precinct*. -Shalupore Week at Stratford.— Shakapeaa-e week n»ra-4H the uiuaLco* course of enthusiastic gkikapeutaas to Stratford-oii-Avon. The town warn deco rated by ihe citizens, and th» Shtkspeuefta performaooea in the Memorial Thqitre win ?admirably given and, attrwjted- Urge audi ences from d*y to day. Toe Benson Com pany, under the lead of Mr. Benson, & devoted and competent Shakspearean actor, gave dramatic life to the master's great characters. For the past 17 yean this pro feukmal work has been carried on by Mr. Benson to the honour of art and the gra tification of playgoers frequenting the les tival. But now it is considered by him and the governors of the Memorial Theatre that whilst1 he retains the lead in a round of ik best impersonations, such as Richard II., the time has come when other leading actors of individual excellence jn certain characters should be asked to join in mak ing the other great plays in the Shakspea rean drama a still greater honour to the great dramatist and the festival. The col lective support of Mr. ForbeB Robertson; Mr. George Alexander, Mr. Lewis Waller, Mr. Bourchier, Mr. Otho . Stuart, Sir Charles Wyndham, and Mr. Beerbohm Tree bast been sought for special represen tations ; of one or other of the most' im portant characters in tragedy and comedy, and Mr. Alan Mackinnon, who directed the production, of 'The : Merchant of. Venice' at the .Garrick during the past season, has offered, his valuable- assistance. Garrick organized the famous Shakspeare jubilee at btratford-on-Avon In the autumn of 1769, and contributed both prologue and Iyr'c3 for the entertainment. of 'the bard's' fel low-townsmen, and possibly the festival of next April 23 will witness' the advent .of some worthy literary effort in honour of the poet s genius. This year, as has been the custom,- the procession to the church started from the Shakspeare Club, and W urwickshire lasses and Shottery childrea carried flowers to the grave. In the even nig ' Much Ado About Nothing' was play ed. For London Mr. Beerbohm Tree has arranged a Shakspearean week at His Ma jesty's Theatre. Hundreds of Americans are doing Stratford by day and enjoying ehakspeare by night. ' —How the Rokeby Venus was Purchased.— The Kokeby Velasquez engaged the atten tion of the public long before it became by purchase the property of the nation. Non it is in the National Gallery, and how tha money was obtained to place it there is be mg told in the newspapers. Tiie publio J. as been curious in the matter, and persist cd in demanding a statement as, while ap peals for funds were beinjt made, Sir Wil liam Richmond hacUeelared that the £45,000 to be paid the syndicate who held the pic ture was far beyond its value as a work of art. From the published statement it now appears that -of the price guaranteed to Messrs. Agnew ubout £1,500 has still to be raised. Of tl^c special contributions an anonymous t'.onor gave £10,000; Lord Mielielham, of Hellingly, '£3,000; another donor anonymously £5,000, Dr. Lud wip; Mend £2,000; another 'anony- mous'' £2,000; Mr. ,T.' J. Duveen. the well-known art connoisseur £3,050. and as owners Messrs. Agnew contributed £5,250 to the purchase fund. It wa- theii offer to sell the painting for £45,000, on the understanding that it went to the National Gallery, and the report issued by the com mittee responsible for tfre transaction states that it fully recognised 'that it had no right to demand information from Messrs. Agnew as to their outlay on tiie picture, ;ind there was no obligation on, them as ven dors to supply it; but Messrs. Agnew volun tarily furnished information of a confiden tial nature aa to the total cost of the work 10 themselves.' \ Further the report states that the production was sold in 1S05 by Mr. Morritt, the descendant of the original purchaser, under order of the Court cf Chancery, for £30,500. A curious clause, which states that if requested by the com mittee at any time within the next two years Me-srs. Agnew undertook to repur chase the picture for the sum paid, has caused much comment. Already the paint ing has attracted an unusually large num ber of visitors and critics to the National Gallery. —The Olympic Games at Athens.— At thd opening of the Olympic games at Athens- King George of Greece and King Edward were present- Queen Alexander accompanied Queen Olga, and the entry of the ro3;al cortege -into the Stadium was a brilliant sight. Princes Victoria, the Prince and Princess of Wales, nnd the members of the Greek Royal Family, with their suite, added to the royal splendour of the assemblage, and a vast crowd of spectators enthusiastically iipplauded the band yhen the British and Greek National Antfiems were played. A arcat number of foreign competitors jour neyed to Athens for the games. On the first day Hungarian athletes numbered 43, Germans 74, Danes.87. Austrians 42, Scan dinavians 140, Czechs 20, and to the^e have to be added the British and American men, who were most cordially received. Eicbr natiqiiality pasped' 'before the royal pirty, beaded by a standard bearer, who lowered his flag in salute as he met Kinsr George. Fourteen Danish -girls, under their in =tructress (Mile. Paul Petersen\, evoked enthusiastic applause and distinguished praise for their remarkable disiiby. Thcss modern Olympian games are the outcome 11 a congress held in Paris in 1894, and it s nearly 1.500 years from the date of the ast Olympiad. In the eighth cenlury B.C. the Greek games were of national iraport mce, and held in honour of the Rods. The. iresent games last from April 22 to May 2, and they include - flatracing, the Mara hon race of 42 kilometres, hurdle jumping, ihrowing the discus, putting the weight, :he pentathlon (with its five events), iveightlifting. roi-eclimbing, gymnastics, fencing, besides football, lawn tennis, and swimming. Only amateur athlete? are al owed to- compete, and this year there has -een a great increase in the entries overt ;hose at the last games in 1896,- when only 150 were made by foreigners. On the open no; day — Sunday — the display was of most ly minor events, such as lawn tennis, foot 30 11, and shooting, and on the second day, ivhen the royalties were also present, th? Hungarians first performed, and were fol owed by the Norwegians in gymnastic iports. . Two Italian teams also , took (?art, and afterwards an Athenian football ;eam displayed amazing energy if not 'var ?ity fortn, and won a match against a Sa lonika team. In the first tennis contests -ne Frenchman and three Greeks were vic arious. But the most important feature vas the fencing competition, in which the faiglishmen Avon laurels against the Ger nan team. The English team, composed of !-? rd Debborough, Sir Cosmo Duff-Qordon, VIr. C. Newton Eobinson, and Mr. Edgar jeligman, won by 9 hits to 2. Mr. Theo lore Cook directed the fighting. Mr. Selig nan showed throughout the finest form of ill, with the exception of M. Kavanagh 'France), who won the first pool,-, and he ,vas congratulated by King Edward upon lis very fine performance. Considerable nterest was taken in lawn tennis. M. 3aridia, a cousin of the English player of ;hat name, figured as one of the Greek re presentatives. He was beaten by M. De :O)ris (France), 6—1, 6—0. The 'heat dia ressed both players, and the display was lot brilliantly masculine. Nor were the 'vcling race^' marked by any great- per rrnwnces. Crowther (Leeds) punctured one -f his tires when starting his heat, and was illowed to make a fresh start, but was -adly beaten. All the other Englishmen' vere also defeated, and the only good show pas made by Bouffler (Polytechnic), who ucceeded in cettine into the final heat, but vas defeated. The rowing competitions ame off in the Bay of Phalerum. and the talians won both the four-oared gig and he six-oared galley races. The French and ireek teams respectively obtained the se ond places. There was a close race for eeond place between the second Greek loat and the Italian crew in the ?vvell- con- ested twelve-oared -navy barge race. The Greeks' win with their first boat was a riumDh. and aroused great enthusiasm:, ill the crews were men of magnificent ihysique. No English boats competed in ny of the races. Twenty started for the ne-mile swimming race. H. Taylor (Eng md) won in good style by 100 yards; time. 8m. 28s. J. A. Jarvis (England) ytob se ond and Sheff (Austria) third. In the andem bicvcle. races two Englishmen— J. Jatthews, Putney A.C., and A. Rushen. 'utney A.C.— were first. They cave a good crformance if they did not make a record, n the 333 1-3 metre bicycle race Verri Italy) was first in 52 4-5s., and Crowther Leeds) a shade behind Verri. Meiof France) was third in 23 l-5s. In the 100 netres swimming race the first heat re uHed as follows:— C. M. Daniels (New rorlt Athletic Club). 1. time. lm. 17 Ms.: fcalv I Aiicf-rnliaV 9 timp lm IT 415».r-J. H. Darbyshire (England). . 3. Twteniy started for the one-mile swinuninR race, and H. Taylor (England) won m good style by a hundred yards in 28m. 20s.; Jarvis (England) Becond, 30m. 3s.; Sheff fAuatria), t&rd;, 80m. 59». The final of the 100 metres swimming race in Phalerum Bay to-day resulted as foHows:-€. M. Daniels (America), 1, time lm. 13s.; Hal may (Hungary), 2; Hesiy (Australia), 3; J. H. Derbyshire (England), 4. Ihe free style discus throwing contest this morning wag marked by several fine performances, Sheridan (America) , was the winner with a throw of 41 metres 46 centimetres, creat ing a world's record. The greatest excite ment was aroused bv the ruarainjr events, in which the Angto-Saxons, and especially the Americans, highly distinguished them selves. In the preliminary heats for the 100 metres event race after race was won by the Americans, while in the eemi-finah all three heats- were carried off by them. The 800 metres race provided magnificent sport, the Americans again winning two heats out of four. .T. D. Lightbody (Chi cago University), who won one of the brats, and C. J. Bacon (of New York), who finished second to him. ran in masterly fashion, as did Lieut. Wyndham Halswell (England), who was second in another heat. Lieut. Halswell displayed fine style, and would undoubtedly have won but for a fault in rounding a cornen which lost him some feet, and gave the Swede (Hdl strom) a chance, of which ne availed him self. R. P. Crabbe, of Corpus Cbristi. Cam bridge, won the remainine heat. In the final of the foils M. Dillon Kavanagh (France) made a magnificent display, tak ing first place against M. Casimi (Ger many) second. The scene of the various competitions was not confined/to the Sti dium alone, but took place orer an area extending from Phalerura Bay, a distance which can only be covered by an hour's drive. . The various events were ' carr'ei out in a dozen places at ence, nnd they were ''got off' without any particular re pard to punctuality as to beginning or end ins. Yet everybody was good-humoured. 'We are doing our best, and what 'more nan vc dp?' xias tiie Greek way of ac counting for dilatory management. Tho F.iiglish had a great victory in the five miles running race. In the final fal .en counter France beat England by 9 po'.nto to G. 'The best. English' performances were those of Mr. Newton and- Mr. Seligman. 