FROM THE WORLD'S PRESS —Following the Fashion. — 'Will you send up a card?' said the nu.id servant to a Buffalo Bill cowboy who called to see some friend in the city. 'Will I send up a card, did vou say?' he enquir ed, as he thrust one of his hands into his overcoat pocket. 'Yes, sir.' 'Is that the fashion here?' 'Yes, sir; at least, it's ci^toman-.' 'Well, of course, if it's cus tomary, I'll have to register myself accordin'. Which style is considered the most genteel— hearts, diamonds, clubs, or spades. Here's the' whole pack; jest take your choice!' —A Yankee Tale.— An American tourist, while travelling in Germany, arrived at a junction station, where a change of trains had to be made. He had some time, to wait, and was stand ing by a great heap of luggage when an official approached him. Bowing very po litely, he requested the eentlenmn to kind lv remove his lugsme. The latter returned the bow in his best manner, but said no Ihjnrr. The office;- went away, but soon returned with one of his superiors, 'mo same little scene was enacted. An inspec tor, and then the stationmaster arrived; and still the result w;is the same. Tbe American returned their politeness, but re mained silent and immovable. At their wits' end, the authorities sent at length for the Burgomaster of the town. He came, and on meeting with the same reception, he said lo the others: — 'Dis are cm I^ng lander! Wir must Bismarck to fetch.' Bismarck was accordingly sent for. and by the time he arrived the Yankee's train was. in. Moving towards it. he made his deepest and most deferential bow, saying in good German— 'Gentlemen. I am pleas ed to see you all. The luggage does, not l/elonj to me. Good evening!' — Answering a Fool. — Few men of his day knew better how to effectively crush an insolent, opponent than the- venerable John Weslev. On one occa sion lie was walkinsr alone an exceedingly narrow pathway in the city of Kochester. when he was contronted by an arrogant church clergyman, who had done much to hinder the 'good man in his work. Meeting him face to face, where there was no room for them to pass each other, the truculent clone regarded the Dissenter with marked disfavour, and I'mi^Hi]-- said: — 'I never make way for a fool!' To which the witty Woslcv replied, as he stepped aside with a pleasant smile on his face: — 'I- always do!' —The Sweets of Revenge— The village innkeeper and the local chem ist were sworn enemies. The former was walking down the street the other day, wheta he was accosted by a travelling chim ney sweep, who asked for a job. The pub: lican, struck by a happy thought, pointed across, the road to the chemist's establish ment, arid replied— 'You can sweep : my shop chimney if you like. My manager has a vile temper, and m;i.y kick up a fuss; ?but stick to him— I'm going to sack him anyway.' When the innkeeper, returned that way fire minutes later he beheld a tattered object being fired out of the pill shop, and a harsh 'voice from ainons the debris of the bottles yelled— 'Yer guv'ner said I was to sweep the bloomin' chimney, an' sweep it I will.' ' —Eager to Help.— , The motor cyclist -was careering down the remote country hillside 'at a speed which would have made a policeman chor tle with. glee. Suddenly there was a 4.7 report, a Chinese-puzzle iiew of a motor cyclist and his machine, and then both re posed in a roadside ditch, each considerably tiie worse for the experience. 'Help! cried the motor cyclist; and in response to the cry a farm labourer hurried out from a field' near by. For an instant he gazed ai the struggling mass in the ditch, parti cularly focussing his vision upon the still revolving wheels of the cycle, the like of which as he explained afterwards, he had never seen before. Then he grabbed a big stone 'Tell me where to hit her. he, shouted, 'and I'll bash her brains out! —A Little Snob — ?\n F.ntflish nobleman was once present at' a church service when a collection was announced for some charitable object, lie plate bespui to go round, and tlis duke carefully put his hand into his pocket and took out a florin, which lie laid on the cd'c of the lieu- desk before him ready to'be transferred to the plate. Beside him sal. a little snob, who, noticing this action, imitated it bv ostentatiously laying a sovereign alongside the ducal florin. This was too much for His (irace, who dip ped his hand into l-is pocket, again and pulled out another florin, which he laid by the side of the first. The little snob followed suit by layinc another sovereign beside the first! Ib's Grace quickly added a thin} florin, which was capped by a third sovereign on the vart of the little snob. On came a fourth florin to swell tbe duke's donation, and then the little snob trium phantly laid three sovereigns at once upon the board. The duke, not lo be beaten, produced three florins. Just at that mo ment the plate arrived. The little snob look lip his. handful of sovereigns, osten tatiously rattled them into the plate, and then turned defiantly towards bis rival, as. if iie would say. 'I think that takes the shine out of you.' The duke, with a grim smile, put one florin into the plate, and nuictly swept the remaining six back into his pocket. -A Costly Item.— Miv Smith, who keeps a public house in a Scottish town, hired „ a new barman. After lie had been working there for about a week Mr. Smith asked his barman if he took any money out of his register, as his receipts were smaller tha'n they ever were before. The barman answered ''No.' Mr. Smith said, 'You must be taking money out of my register!'' 'Oh!' exclaimed the barman, 'I Like out my car fare every night.'' 'Well,' said Mr. Smith, 'where the dickens do you live— in London?' —An Irish Answer.— An Irishman had the reputation of being an inveterate drinker, l-ut had promised the priest, whom he saw coming up the street, to abstain. Mike, with a jug, was saluted with 'What liave you there''' 'Whisky.' he replied. 'And after your pledge? Pour it, out.' 'Cannot.' 'Why?'' enquired the father. 'Because half he longs to my brother Pat..' 'Then out with your half,'' was demanded. 'Impassible.' siid the son of Emerald Isle; 'my half ia on the bottom.' — Some Execrable 'Fists.' — Mr. Plowdt'n's handwriting was the sub ject (says P.T.O.) of some sarcastic com ment at Marylebone Police Court the other day in a ease which came before his bro ther Magistrate, Mr. Paul Taylor. But Mr. Taylor himself apparently has a fellow feeling with illegible penmen. To the de fendant, who admitted that he was unable to decipher an address which he had Irim self written, the Magistrate said, 'you could not ' read your own writing? Well, you are not singular in that.' Possibly Mr. Taylor had in his mAid the late Baron Bramwell, of whom it was said that he wrote three different hands-^ne that he and his clerk could read, a second that he could read but his clerk could not. and a third which neither he nor his clerk could read. But probabiy the very worst hand writing ever known was that of Horace Greeley, the founder of Tlie Xew York Tribune. Greeley 's manuscript was so bad and so little like English fti its characters that the printers called it 'Koran.' The consequence was that when lie was unable to correct his proofs the most ludicrous mistakes were made. For example, a cele brated speech bv Secretary W. H. Seward in 1S58 drew a leader from Greeley in The Tribune, which he headed 'Seward W. H.!' Circumstances prevented his seeing n proof, and you may imagine the feelings of Horace when the next moiViing he saiv hi? leader headed 'Richard III.!' and upon reading further down findiun ihc quotation. ' 'Tis. true, 'ti.? pity; and pily 'tis, 'tis true,'' rendered ''Tip two. 'tis fifty, and 'tis fifty-two.' Upon another occasion Greeley wrote 'Women now manage most of the public libraries ?n Mas sachusetts;' but the compositor cot it ''Women now ivorry most of their puny babies by mastication!'' What a boon to both printer and author the typewriter is. —Making Citizens of Immigrants.— The tide of immigration has been set ting heavily toward' America from the European countries for several years. This fact of itself would at one time 'have meant little more than the recruiting of the num bers and the energies of a people devoting themselves assiduously to the making of a great country in the United States. At one time it was the rule that those who arrived were the sturdy, independent, pro gressive, thrifty people who fled the old world tyrannies of various sorts for the larger freedom promised in America. At tunes, however, during great industrial or political upheavals, the stream of desirable immigration has been considerably swollen by malcontents who left their country for their country's good. Coming with a hatred of established order, without thrift, and lacking in the capacity for assimilation, they became in various sections the nu cleus for discontent, unreasoning unrest, and for occasional senseless outbursts against such .schemes of restraint as are wisely imposed upon its citizens by the Go vernment. It can be clearly seen that with out some sort of scheme* of selection, by which such elements may be weeded out, there must be an ever-increasing menace to the established order of the country. Not only is this needful, however, biit those who are otherwise desirable as immi grants, may, and usually do. lack the train ing and conception of the true function of the government, necessary to become in telligent and useful political factors. Rea lizing this need, there appears to be in Xew York an institution called tlie Educa tional Alliance, whose province it is to take ui charge and prepare ior citizenship many of those immigrants who might if left to their own devices add materially to the confusion arising from a luck of knowledge of our institutions and what they really stand for. The Alliance takes the most ignorant classes of immigrant-;, and makes them useful and appreciative 'citizens, by teaching them manual training, a most ad mirable mental and manual discipline, tele graphy, cooking, sewing, and millinery, all of which have a distinct education value in the work of preparing for citizenship. — Humanizing War. — Several proposed rules governing the initiation an:} conduct ot hostilities under modern conditions have been adopted by the Institute of International Law, which has been holding a congress at Ghent, in Belgium. Certain of these proposed regu lations are directed against the beginning of war wt.hout notification. They provide that, hostilities cannot be«in without an unequivocal preliminary notice; that this notice must take the form either of a de claration of war pure and simple or of an ultimatum duly communicated to the ad versary by the State intendinc to com mence war. and that hostilities cannot i-ommence until after the expiration of a delay sufficient to establish that the rule has been complied with. Other articles adopted empower a neutral State to give asylum to wounded, sick, and shipwrecked belligerents, and to distressed ships and their crews, and subsequently to demand reimbursement of its exiMinditjires from their Governments. Still other proposed regulations provide that prisoners of war, booty, and prizes brought to a neutral tiort by a ship seeking asylum may afterward be removed if the prisoners or booty are not landed, and the prizes are towed, but in the contrary case the prisoners are to be released, and the bootv :uid prizes to remain the property of the original owners. It will be noticed that these regulations all tend to humanize the conduct of hostili ties. — Hansom and Pair.— The hansom and pair has now been in troduced into London. The new cab is very 'smart' and comfortable. The driver Mts in front, as if it were a four-wheeler. There is tbe orthodox. seat for two in tbe body of the cab. Opposite it — back to back with the drivei' — is a detachable 'cricket seat,' to accommodate two. There is room for two more passengers, as well as the driver, on the box. The windows and doors fold in sections, so that in fine wea ther it is possible to ride in the open air. When the rain falls the roof can be ex tended so as to protect the 'crieket seat' as welt as the body of the cab. — Mystery of a Fly's Leg. — What great effects from causes small do spring! The truth of this has just been brought home in a remarkable manner to a gre-.it grain company in America, which could not make its accounts square. The amount by which it was out was only a hundred dollars, but to such a firm this iv;us unpardonable, and there- would have been a wholesale dismissing of the staff had not the error been finally traced. For months the clerics pcred over the books. At last tin? accountant saw light. While he was running his finger doxvn the first column of an entrv of 8140, the first fipcura suddenly broke in two. On making a dose examination be found that what. had stood during all the baffling search for the figure '1' was really a flv's leg. which had ad hered to the pace of the ledger. — Morhl by Surgery. — Hitherto iho treatment of criminal ten dency by surgical operation has been prac tised only on children. But now we read of an adult having been successfully treat ed. The statement is to the effect that Charles llolzhay. otherwise known as 'Black Rart,' once the most desperate train robber and murderer in tTie Ameri can North- West, has been cured completely of his wickedness by a surgical operation. Hol/.hay was sentenced to imprisonment for life. In prison it was discovered that lie possessed unusual intelligence, but that he was always ready to murder, and that his murderous propensities were entirely beyond his control. He was -then remove! to the asylum, and after an investigation of his case, the surgeons decided that he lud a brain tumour. They removed this, and within one month, it is said, he became thoroughly well and virtuous. The prison authorities say that they have never known n sweetor-tenipered man than the once vil lanous 'Black Bart.' Sinre his cure no man has done more than he to instil into the- other convicts the principles of mo rality and lo teach them to lead a better life. It is now proposed to pardon 'Bln-'K Bart.' in order that he may earn- on nis beneficent ministrations in the work at large. —To Such Base Uses.— \t the close of a grand ball a celebrated actor of the Court Theatre in Berlin stands in the passage wait inn for friends. A beau tiful and fashionably dressed 'ad-' al» proaches .him and says. 'Beg pa/don, have I the honour to see before me our famous Herr Donnerstimme, whose ]owerful and sonorons voice I had the pkasure of ad miring last night in -Macbeth.' Might 1 ask you to do me a little favour?/ ( I am quite at your service, madam.' 'Then will you be good enough fci call out 111 the street in your loudest tows for tlie carnage of Baroness Swartz?'' ?--The Place of Honour.— Rossetti once showe-1 a sketch of a pic ture to Whistler, am? asked how he liked it. It had good points, said Whistler, and he advised his frieiri to go ahead with it. Later on he a-sked bow the work was ad vancing. 'All right,' said Rossetti. add ing that he had ordered a 'stunning frame' for it. loiter still Whistler cot a look at the pirturc and frame. 'You've done nothing (o it since I saw you, have you?' he asked. 'Xo-o.' was tlie reply, 'but I've written a sonnet on the subject.' .A reading of a beautiful sonnet followed. Xo sooner was it finished than Whistler exclaimed— 'Rotsetti, take out the picture and put die sonnet in the frame!' — Learning her Fate. — Whes Mrs. Hackett was widowed for the third time the neighbours all sympathized with iier, for Mr. Hackett had been an ex cellent man and a 'good provider.'' ''It's real hard on you, it is so,' said a kindly disposed but unusually practical person, a. connection by marriage* 'but I suppose it i-n't quite as if 'twas the first time.'' 'Mis.-; Stone, you don't know anything about it,' wiid the afflicted one. 'You don't know what it is to be* called upon to lose husband Jiiter husband. I don't believe I shall ever be able to make up my mind to bear it :igain, and I'm beginning to feel that heaven meant me for a widow woman.' —An Absent-minded Actor.— Sheridan Knowles. the Irish dramatist, was noted for his absent-mindedness. Hq not infrequently took a 'part' -n his plays. ! lie was on 'it the Theatre Royal, Dublin, in ' '?'The Hunchback.' Just before his turn t--! appear a friend went into Ins dressing room j and found him in a state of great agitation, j 'Look .it me, William, look at me,' said j he, stretching out his right le~ on which j was a red stocking; the other leg was bare, j 'What is the matter?' said the friend, j 'Ah,' said he, ''isn't an actors a fearful i life? The other stocking is lost. The over- j ture has begun. I must put. on black stock- ! ings, and in five minutes go on the stage to disgrace myself. The part was never noted in black stockings. Oh! like a dear: fellow ijnill oil this red one.' This the; friend did. and under it was the lost one. j lie had two on one leg. —Breaking it Gently.— Cp.pt. Samson was going home from Aus tralia, and he brought with him a goodly stock of souvenirs. Among them was a pair of those interesting creatures known it.-, laughing jackasses, and he entrusted ! them to bis sen-ant.. Tom Pinch. Ala*! j the unaccustomed shipboard life did not j ngrce with the animals, and, in spite of all j Pom's care, they pined, and finally they ? iicd. .When he discovered the catastrophe . Tom was in despair. 'I say. Jim,' he called to a comrade, ' 'ere's a nice thing! I daren't terl the captain' 'Don't funk it. mate.' was Jim's advice. 'Break it to lum gently. You'll find it'll be all right.' The advice seemed sound, so Tom sought liis master. ' 'Scuse me, sir,' ho said, 'you know them things upstairs— what you call larfin' jackasses?' 'Y&?.' 'Well, sir. they ain't got nuflin' lo larf at this morning.' —Where Ignorance is Bliss.— A traveller who has made several voyages ; to the Arctic regions relates this incident of his first trip northward. He had ac cej-tcd the invitation of a hospitable , Eskimo to dine with his family. He did net expect to find the refinements of civi lization among these primitive people, but ' ,be was horrified to notice that the mem I bers of hi.s host's family, who had come to : tlie tilde with unwashed and exceedingly dirty hands, dipped their fingers into the common dish and helped themselves to the meat. His travelling companion was a native who could speak English, and after the meal was over he said to him: — 'Olaf, you should tell these good people thaWt is filthy to eat witltout washing your hands'.' 'Me like 10,' said Olaf. hesitatingly, 'but ain't got no word 'filthy' in Eskimo lang; wigc.' — Xo Excuses Accepted.— French officials are said to be particular ly strict in their discipline of tourists. A lately returned tourist tells several more or less apocryphal stories to illustrate tlifl state of affairs. An American lost his foot ing, slipped down an embankment, and fell into a small, shallow pond. As ha scrambled, dripping, up the embankment to the footpath he was confronted bv an arm of the law. '-'Your name? Your ad dress?'' demanded the uncompromising person, notebook in hand. 'But I fell,/ began the 'astonished American. 'I onf ? ' The man waved his arm. 'It^s forbidden to bathe in this take,' he s/id firmly. '1 am not here to listen to ex/en uating. circumstances.' : / — No Weapons Required.— / The railway platform at Heidelberg ^vaa crowded with hurrying people cf many nationalities, but the American, traveller from Connecticut, who was trying to reach Ms family, felt that one mm pushed against him with unnecessary'' roughnes?; 'See here,' he said, turning an the ^offen der, 'you stop jostling me that way. ' He had hardly expected his woris to be under stood, but the young man yfhom he had ac. eosted drew himself up haufcMily, and said in excellent English, linjed by a_ slight German accent— 'I am aJ your service, sir, at any time and place.' -'Well, now, that s something like,' said tlie traveller,. hooking his ann into the haujzhty youn? man s. 'You carry this bag or mine, «nd take me to a pood hotel. You're just the man I've ben looking for and didn't know how to find.' —In Beautifal Samoa.— The engagement of Anna Ide. daughter of the Governor-General of the Philippines, and Bourke Cochrah. the Irish-American orator and statesnun, has a peculiar inte rest for lovers of Robert Louis Stevenson. for, as a child Miss Ide was a great friend, of the beloved -writer, and it was to her that he deeded his birthday. 1 ears ago Judge Ide. thea a prominent lawyer _ of Vermont, was appointed the American jus tice at Samoa, »nd it- fell that the steamer which took him and his daughters to the post had Stevenson as a.passcngcr. bte vpnson took a great fancy' to the diildrcn, and particularly to Miss Anna, and they were his constart companions on the won derful journey down through the tropic sea. Stevenson charmed the children with, wonderful taleJ of the Southern Seas, and particularly of the Southern Cross, and one nipht, when ihey had crossed the equator, took : them da deck and showed them the cross. Arrived at Samoa, Stevenson, charmed by his two youns friends, volun teered to become their teacher, and this happy relationship lasted for several years. It, happened that Anna Ide was bom upon Christmas Day, an unhappy date, that limited tie number of presents she receir ed.in a ? year by 50 per cent:. When she told Stevenson of this misfortune Hie cried, and Stevenson, taking her inuiis arms, promised to provide t her wilh a birthday. He drew a ouaintly wcrded deed 'leaviue to the child his name Louis and iiis birthday; The girl took the addi tional name of Louisa, and ever since tins kept the day, latterly more as a sad memo rial to the dear dead friend than a. time of iov. Miss Ide is one of the most beauti ful women in Aierica, and her beauty. is enhanced by chirm of manner and splen did character.-rFrom P.T.O. — Scientific,' Marriage in America.— ? Mr. Willett Hayes, the Assistant Secre tary of Agriculture at New; York, Unite* Sta'tes, is perfecting a system for improv ing the hu»an race by scientific breeding, and the consequent elimination of vice, disease, a-d crime. Mr. Hayes believes that grea/er care should be taken in the seleetion/of husbands and wives. Accord ing to Sr. Hayes's theory, the marriage of two petfons who are highly developed men tally results in children who are weaklings. The offspring of two artists would be irre sponsible 'Bohemians.' ? He declares that comUnations of the breezy Western type of 'daredevils' with the more conventional typj of American found in the eastern SUtes result in beautiful women. In the some way the people of the northern and southern 'States should intermarry in order lo give the south more energetic business men and the north more graceful women. Mr. Hayes is trying to devise a means of recording the blood value of various races in order to secure the best possible results in breeding. He is preparing a pamphlet for distribution among working-class Ame ricans which explains the importance of seeking superior blood, and avoiding in ferior or worn-out blood. Mr. Hayes was for many years in charge of the Minnesota section of the experimental branch attach cd to the Department of Agriculture, where he conducted many interesting ex periments with animals and plants. His success resulted in his promotion to Wash ington. The Government has authorized Mr. Hayes to appoint a committee of scien tists and educators to investigate his theory. —Thought Transference in a Theatre.— A preliminary private performance of a remarkable character was given recently at the Alhambra Theatre before a speci: ally invited audience, among whom were many physicians. Two Danish Americans named Agnes and Julius Zancig apparently demonstrated the possibility of thought transference, not vaguely, but as clearly and definitely as a message is conveyed through the air by the Marconi apparatus. One says 'apparently' because in a music hall one naturally anticipates some, inge nious trickery, but it was the impression of the audience of specialists that if trick c-ry v,-as tiie basis of the performance the wonder became more wonderful. Mr. Zan cig first explained that he and Mme. Zan cig were so sympathetic that a thought in bis brain was immediately renroduccd in hers. He stepped into the audience and as quickly as he could speak took one article after the other from different individuals, the lady on the stage describing them at once— a cigarette case, the number, of ci garettes within it, the initials on the out side: a visiting card, the name on t^ie card, the telephone numoer on the card; a che- j que. the amount for which it is drawn,. the name with which it is signed, its number, and so on. Aii this was done' without the possibility of the lady seeing the ar ticles, and with so few words spoken that it was inconceivable that the ordinary. me- thods of a verbal code could possibly be employed. The final test w;as the most bewildering. A book was handed to a member of the audience— in one case the ? gentleman himself produced the book-a pafsa-c was selected at hazard,- and while. Mr ^ancie read tlie words, of course with out speaking, thev were spoken by Mme. I Zancie. many yards away. The possibility ; of telepathy would appear to be demon- ?; strated and the performance, which is ? carried through without any unnecessary showmanship, certainly has a remarkable scientific interest. Among those present were fir William Carnncton. representa tives of the medical papers, and a number of well-known nerve specialist?. —A Burglar's Ruse.— ?\ Russian official named M. Loktieff, vho resides at ft. Petersburg, on re- j turnin' home with his wife about 2 o clock - on the'mornintz of October 25 was attract- ? ed by a strange noise in the drawinc room, a~- if a chair was bpinc pushed. An exami nation bv candHiglit revealed nothing amiss, and a search in the other rooms had , the same result. They returned to the , drawing room, where a large portrait of 1 Madame Loktieff's grandfather, in the 11111- : form of a Uhlan officer, was standing ! a«ainst the wall. The young wife glanced at the portrait, and. utterine a scream, 1 rushed out of the room. 'What's the matter?' asked lxr husband, creatlv sur prised. 'I jiist thought the portrait was lookiiH at me wilh real eyes,' answered liis wife, who was tremblinc violently. Her husband laughed at her childish fears. Half an hour passed before Madame Loktien' came to herself, and then remembcrinp that she had left her purse in the drawinc room wiili six pounds in it she took a candle and bravely entered the drawing room on her search. A wild shriok follow. ed. Her husband rushed in. and found his wife lying in a dead faint on the floor With the cook's help he carried his wif« in bed. While hn was nursinpr linr lie told the cook to search th; room carefully, but she did not find anything suspicious. The next morning M. Jxiktieff, looking more closely at the portant, lound that the eyes had been cut out and the portrait had been moved a littjb from the wall. Further investigations showed that many valuables were missing. The thief had hidden brni self, it seems, bAind the portrait, and. was watching the couple all the time through the eyeholes o/tli£ portrait. —A Famiy That Was Too Goodi— This is a charming Japanese story.. In a certain vill/ee were two families, one pros perous an- rich, the other merely getting along; yec the former was famous in the! village fcr iis unliappiness ana the frictit a between its members, while the latter was equally renowned for its peaceableness arid conteit. The' man of wealth could sta^u it no longer. He went to his humble friend, and asked him where he thoudi; ? the trouble lay. The poor man repllfd thoughtfully— 'Perhaps it is because yon are /all such good people at your house.' Thd rich man objected that if they we.c all' good people, certainly they had tlie rtfht to be happy together. But the uojr rtan would not recede. 'No, you are' all rood at your house. Now, at my house iu ^s different. We are a very faulty lot, and we all know it. To illustrate, suppose I am sitting on the rug by the brazier, anj the maid passing there kicks over my tea cup, spilling the tea all over the mats I immediately break out with — 'Excuse me, excuse me. Very stupid of me. No busi ness to leav.e a teacup out in the middle ol tbs room for people to stumble over. . Serves me right.' But the maid: will 'not have it that way. She drops' down, wipes up the tea with, her handkerchief, and with beaming/ face, cries— %Oh, master, what n blunderbus I am! Always stumb line and making trouble. It will only serve me right if you turn me off without a word one of these days.' You see bow it is; we are fmch a faulty lot all round, and we know it so well that there is nJ| chance for ill-feeling or quarrelling.' - /And? the rich man after thinking a' moment^ slowlv said— 'I sec it all. It would be verv different in my house. I would turn on the maid with, 'Stupid, what are you up to now? -ion ve only two feet; can't1 you look out for that number, or are they so tae they are bound to hit every object in the room/ I'll have to turn you off some day and get a maid of more delicate build.' And the maid silently mutters-'A lazv man has no business to spread himself ail over the room, and get in busy people's JSf* ASUPP°S?VOU «e right. We are all too good— or, at least, we think we arc ' 