TOOWOOMBA AID DISTRICT. e District Court.-Rotter.-Rsbbif Board. Immigration League, . TOOOWOOMBA. November 16. - The Criminal, Sittings of the District Court were continued to-day before his Honour Sir Arthur Rutledge. J. Malone, charged with having stolen a purse con- taining £9 )ls. Od., at Oakey, the pro- perty of H. Mislish, was found guilty, and sentenced to six months' imprison- ment, with hard labour, sentence to be suspended under the 650th section of the Criminal Code, on prisoner entering into his own recognisance for £100 to be of good behaviour for that period. Alex. Dcllora was charged with having stolen £20, the property ' of the Post- master General. Mr. O'Rourko appeared for the defendant. The case for the prosecution was that accused received £30 from the local money-order office, and the paying officer alleges that he paid Dcllora £50 in mistake. Accused abso- lutely denies that he did so. The casa had pot concluded when the court ad- journed. Tho names of the following justices ap- pear on the roster for next week : Messrs. F. Marwedel, T. Lane, O. J. L. Sydenham, H. G. Blakeney, R. W. Pros*. T. R. Roberts, W. Rose, and A. Gnydon. A meeting of the Darling Downs Rabbit Board was held on Thursday morning. There were present ¡-Messrs, G, G. Cory (chairman), C- Campbell, C. Wil- liams, W.. B. Taylor, G. Rv Gore, E. J. Metcalfe, M. F. Ramsay, and .Inspector Graham. The Gregory ? North Rabbit Board wrote suggesting the advisableness of delegates from the different rabbit boards meeting in Brisbane to discuss the present situation, and bring tho outcome of their deliberations before the Govern- ment. The chairman reported having given a favourable reply to the letter. The chairman's action was approved. The Central Rabbit Board advised having for waidcd one Nox-all distributor for use by the board in the neighbourhood of the Í" unction of the Darling Downs .and joichhardt fences. The Department of Public Lands advised that there was no netting of l%in. nvailable. Mr. Ebb Smith, inspector of the Central Rabbit Board, wroto stating that all the reliable Ëoisoners dismissed by the Central Rabbit loard had been taken up by other boards and surrounding lassées. The board's solicitor wrote forwarding a copy of a letter intended to bo sent to ratepayers who were in arrears, intimating that al- though the board had no desire to take drastic action, they would bo compelled to do bo if rates were not immediately paid. The financial statement showed an available bank balance of 62100 12s. 3d. It was decided to accept the offer of Ç. Grant to «remove and replace about six miles of wire in the fence at Brigalow at £3 per mile. It was arranged for the chairman (Mr. G. G. Corv) to meet tho chairman of the Leichhardt Rabbit Board (Mr. Lethbridge) to confer upon certain matters of interest to rabbit boards. A meeting of the council of the local branch of the Immigration League of Aus- tralia -was held last night. Mr. V. C. Red- wood (president) occupied the cliair. The Department of Lands -forwarded pamphlets and plana for the information of immi- grants. Several farmers wrote expressing th«?jr willingness to employ labour upon arrival; E. Peterècn wrote, offering to wpceed to Daivmark .for the purpose of bringing out Danish farm labourer's and dairymen, Mr. Wondcriley briefly advo- cated the immediate raising of funds by the appointment of a paid organiser, also the appointment of n competent man to proceed to the Old World for the purpose of lecturing in the country districts. The president explained that the scheme which ho proposed drafting would include the latter proposition, and that he inttjided canvassing for subscription« in tho near future. It was resolved -to write to the Brisbane branch, offering to co-operate with them in every way possible. 