WHO ARE THE SETTLERS REQUIRED FOR AUS TRALIA ? Mr. August Larsen writes to tne liuim jration League : — In nearly all publications inviting peo ple to settle in the Colonies, the follow ing phrase can be seen : 'What we want ;s .farmers with a few hundred pounds ca pital to take up land.' . But the. number of such farmers willing to emigrate is very limited, and they are afraid cf losing their few hundred pounds. Although everybody appeals to these people 'with a few hun dred pounds in -their pockets,' is it quite certain that these men are really the best and most desirable 's€ttlers ? I do not think so. It will be best understood what class of people I mean, by Quoting the fol-^ lowing facts : On May 5, 1905, I assisted a young Danish , firm laborer. Kristian ' Kjeldsen, to go to Western Australia. He promised to let me know how he was get ting, on, and also to write me in a years time. On July 24, 1906, I received from him the following letter, written from Upper Swan, Western Australia. 'Mr. August Larsen, London. 'According to my promise, I am writing to you again, after being in Western Aus tralia for one year, and I must tell you that I am very pleased with everything here. I think of taking up land next year after the harvest! The wages hero are very good, but still I think more money can be made if I do something for myself. Yours gratefully, ' '(Signed) KRISTIAN KJELDSEN.' Now, in my cpinicn, Mr. Kjeldsen is the best man- Australia could get. He can work and he' can save money. ? Mr. Kjeld sen. wSh his1 £40 saved during the first year ha-was in . Australia, will, in all pro bability in a few years' time be a pros perous farmer, and will be .ahead cf the man who arrives here with a. 'few hun dred pounds in his pocket,' becausc he has learned the value of money ; he has proved that he can save money ; moreover, he has saved every penny in the country he has adopted, whilst the majority of those young men 'with a few,; nundred pounds' in their poclcets,' and to whom everybody makes love, has none, of these advantages, and nearly evei'ypne;7,of whom come to a new country with ihciney which they have not saved themselves: ; 1 think everybody will agree with me; 'that Mr. Kjelds«n,' with his -£.40 saved in ?- the first year, is a mcstr desirable, settler,' and of more value .to the State .than ,\tlie young man wiic gets a 'few hundred 'pounds from his family to go;\oufc and take up land in Australia. Mr.' -Jvjeldsen's rsuccess is. so to say, certaln. bUt'whother the man with the few hundred ;ppunds in his.. packet suc ceeds is doubtful, -and .ha3-'-ilrSt to be proved. , t - ' ' : On the other liand, the number or the farmers with a few hundred pounds in their pockets willing to emigrate is very limited, whilst. -the number or- such men as Mr. Kjeldsen can be had by-: thousands if. a helping hand is given - them to get out to Australia. 