WARRAGUL, JUNE 12 1906. "It has upset my UN?EXPECTED apple cart" was the DEVELOPNT. comment alleged to have DEVELOPMEST. been made by Mr Cecil Rhodes when he heard of the result of the futile Jameson raid. Probably some such thought passed through the mind of Mr Deakin last week when he read the emphatic utterance of Sir John Forest on the proposed Federal land tax. The Prime Minister has been palpably shaping up to the Labor Party of late on this particular proposal. Mr Watson has made it clear that no Adminis tration can hope for his support in the future unless the Commonwealth land tax is embraced within the range of its programme. Mr Deakin has been trying hard to persuade himself to "pay thb price," and has made considerable progress in his self-imposed task. He, however, has reckoned without his host, as represented by one of the strongest members of his Cabinet, and must to-day feel in a greater dilemma than ever. The Federal Treasurer, both physically and mentally, appears to have been cast in a mould very similar to that of, Mr Seddon. He belongs to the Jack Blunt variety of the genus homo, and generally "calls a spade a spade" He no sooner re turns from his trip to England than he hears that his leader has been coquetting with a Federal land tax, and has lost no time in making his own position plain. He is "surprised at the idea" that such an impost is considered necessary for the Commonwealth purposes, and em phatically declares that he is "absolutely opposed to it." He was Premier of Western Australia for eight or nine successive years, and during the whole of that time "he never imposed any taxation whatever upon the land." His reason for pursu ing this policy was. founded on a logical basis. "I wanted to get the country settled," he says, "and it seems to me that the wrong way to go about it was to impose taxa tion on the land." This argument, of course, applies not only to the Western State, but to the whole of Australia. We want to see the entire Continent more thickly populated. We want all the waste lands occupied; we want more primary producers and a corresponding increase in.our exports. These are the econ9mio lines along which the country will have to be developed, and consequently it is imperative that people should be encouraged to settle on the land. How does Mr Deakin - propose to accomplish this purpose ? With one hand he holds aloft an attractive immigration scheme on reduced fares and other assistance, and in the other he waves above the head of the prospective settlers a sword of Damocles in the form of a Federal Land Tax. The British agriculturist, in short, is expected to come to Australia to experience the privilege of being heavily taxed. The immi gration part of the policy is sound enough. The other portion is simply the administration of an antidote to effectively frustrate its realisation. It is the very antithesis to the attitude assumed by Sir John Forrest. "Let us encourage immigration by all means," says the Federal Treasurer, "and the only way to do it is to lighten the burden of the agricul turist and make his occupation as profitable as possible." It is, there fore, patent that no Cabinet can contain Mr Deakin and his colleague, if the land tax is to be a plank in its platform. If the Prime Minister presists in this policy, Sir John Forrest must go. -'Federation, he exclaims, "is said to be unpopular already with the primary producers, and it seems to me that a Federal Land Tax would make it ten times more unpopular." This conclusion is undoubtedly correct, and probably nobody realises its truth more acutely than Mr Deakin himself. He, however, is fast being driven into a corner. He must perforce continue, to angle for the support of the Labor party if his Ministry is to survive, and Mr Watson has laid down the imposition of a land tax as a condition antecedent to the continued bestowal of the favors of the past. He appeared to be on the point of yielding to this demand when Sir John Forrest dropped his bombshell into the camp, and, from Mr Deakin's standpoint "made con fusion worse confounded." The political situation has thus under gone a complete change and the next development will be awaited with more than ordinary interest. The half yearly meeting of the Warragul lodge of the M.U.I.O.O.F. was held last week when the following officers were elected for the year : N.G. Bro. Woodhead ; V.G. Bro. A. McDonald ; G.M. Bro. T. Kew ; Trea sureriBro. Symonds; Secretary Bro E. Bolton. The Warragul lodge has a credit balance of £1711/18/0 and duringthe last 18 years has distri buted £1400 in sick pay. As a fitting festiful for theclosing of the croquet sea0on, the members of the Carrinoton Croquet Club organised a very enjoyable euchre party and dance at the public hall, Warragul, on Wednesday last. The large build ing had been very lavishly decorated the previous evening on the occasion of the H.A.C.B.S. celebration and these essential adornments were very kindly left in position for the function on Wednesday evening. Beautiful fern fronds were suspended from the arossbars and the multi colored Chinese lanterns which were interspersed throughout the ball gave a very picturesque appearance to the scene of gaiety. Over the stage were suspended the letters C.C.C. being the initials of the club under whose auspices the entertainment was held. About 120 people were present in cluding the members of the sister club and also of the Warragul Tennis Club. Progressive euchre was played until 11 o'clock when the prizes were distributed. The basis of allocation was somewhat different to that generally adopted; a number of games being fixed for each prize prior to the commencement of playing and placed in a sealed envelope. There were several in stances of ties, and these were decided by the President (Mrs Iliffe) drawing a number of papers mostly blanks from a bowl-one piece, however, containing the word prize. As each was drawn the name of one of the ties was called out simultaneously. The prizes thus distributed were as follows :-Ladies first prize, silver jewel casket, Mrs Hutcheson. Gentlemen.-First prize, silver mounted razor strop, Count Von Horn. After the awards were made supper was served, the tables being neatly decorated and literally ladened with delicacies of every description choicest gifts from the ladies. The ball was then cleared for dancing and a very enjoyable time was passed until about 3a.m. Severalladies, members of both croquet clubs kindly provided the music and Mr F. H. Small made an excellent M.C. Altogether the function was a decided success and reflected great credit upon the hon secretary (Miss Rita Affleck) and the responsible ladies and gentlemen as sociated with her in the work of or ganmsation. At the recent meeting of 'dairymen in Warragul when the grading question was under consideration a good deal of emphasis was laid upon the great desir ability of co-operative factories disposing of their produce by' the consignment system, instead of selling it to the Aus tralian agent, or middleman representing an English firm. That this, latter practice is attended with danger to the farmer whether indulged in by the co operative association itself or by the in dividual factory is apparent and in the .Danish Butter Trade Journal dated the 1st December 1905, the difficulties are re ferred to by the report of heavy losses incurred by the North Jutland and Butter Export Association, consisting of about twenty co-operative Dairy Companies, through their Manager having sold large 'quantities of butter to English buyers on extended bills, many of which had been dishonored, causing heavy loss to the companies, with the result that the manager cleared out to America rather than face the irate directors and share holders. The half-yearly meeting of the Waira gul lodge of U.A.O.D. was held at the Shire' hall on the 5th inst. There was a good number present and three new members were proposed. The officers elected for the half-year were as follows: A.D., Bro. M'Donough; V.A., Bro. Jephson; secretary, Bro. Miles; treasurer, Bro. Kelly; I.G., Bro. Berry; A.B., Bros. Harris and Reynolds; V.A.B., Bros. Gargan and Robinson; O.G., Bro Miller; G.L. Rep. Bro. Robinson. The D.D., Bro. Wilson, installed all the officers and presented a silver- mounted umbrella for the brother who proposed the most new members for the half-year. C.A., Bro Cason, presented J.P.A., Bro Brady with a silver-mounted pipe. The D.P., Bro Wilson, presented P.D.P., Bro. Miles. with a handsome clock on behalf of the lodges in No. 58 district. Harmony was provided by Bro Robinson, Gargan, W. Miller, F. Barrett and Miles. Another successful pupil of King's College-Mr Charlie Ogilvy- is re ported as having passed the Bankers Institute Examination with credit. The examiners record is as follows: Tots (excellent); Penmanship (very good); Composition (very good); Geography (very good); Arithmetic (very good-pass standard); Arithme tic 2 (excellent-credit standard); Elementary book-keeping (good); Mr Ogilvy gained 358 marks out ofa possible 450-to credit standard equivalent to over 709% of full marks. The percentage required for pass credit certificate is 75. We congratu late Mr Ogilvy upon his success and hope it may act as an incentive to still greater achievements in the fu ture. Messrs D. M'Neil and Co have dis posed of their Drouin business to Mr J. Blacker who has managed the business ever since it was taken over from the last owners. Thus again we witness the verification of the Aus tralian axiom, the employe of to-day is the employer of to-morrow. The Warragul Orchestral society will give a concert tomorrow at Bunyip in aid of the Mechanics' Institute which has just been erected. ThePremier-Mr T. Bent has been invited to perform the ceremony of opening the hall. The Orchestral society under Herr Schaefer will be as sisted by Melbourne talent and provide a complete concert programme. The football matches in connection with the West Gippsland Football Asso ciation, played last W\ednesday, resulted as follows :-Traralgon 7.7 (49 points) beat Warragul 3.0 (24 points); Yarragon 8.13 (31 points) beat Bunyip 0.2 (2 points); lena 5.4 (34 points) beat Trafalgar 2.8 (20 points). Miss Potts, student of the National Gallery, Melbourne, receives pupils for lessons in drawing and painting at her residence, Barclay Street, Warra gul. The price of butter paid at the Warra gul butter factory for the week ending June 11th was 83d per Ib, and half sharing profits. Weekly output 38- tons. Catholic Church:-Sunday (17th June) IMasses :-Yarragon 9; Warragul 11; Drouin 9; Longwarry 11. Vespers Warragul 7. 