NOTES AND EPEN'rI Mr T. A. Coghlan, the Agent-Genra for Now South Wales, is receivinj many inguiries from intending emi grants with regard to that State Sdventy immigrants will sail for Nov South Wales during the next thre weeks, and 150 others are negotiatinu with the Agent-General. Only agi culturists are being accepted as immi grants. We have received from Messrs Golds borough, Mort and Co., Limited, thei annual review for 1905-6 of the Austre lian wool trade. It is stated the the most striking feature of the yea has been the fact that a record ha been established in the Australian woe markets, in that the number of bale sold therein for the season has reachec the enormous total of over 1,100,00 bales. The total estimated Austre lian production is 1,400,000 boles, B that the colonial sales have absorbe approximately 82 per cent., leaving fo London, of first hand Australia wools, about 300,000 bales, practicall: the same quantity as was handle there last. year. The increase in th oolonial sales 'amounts to abou 200,000 bales, representing the whol of the increased clip produced in th Commonwealth. After referring t the brightness of the pastoral outlool in the various States, it is mentione that much of last year's clip in Vii toria was runsatisfactory, as apan from the tenderness and break in tl staple, some of the wool was thin an lacked density. Each State is very ful ly reported" on, and the review shoul prove very interesting to growers. Sincere regret has been expressed or -all hands at the death of Mr E. V Binder, head teacher of the Eurac State school, which took place a Colac yesterday. Some weeks ago M Binder was attacked by appenilicitia and last week he was operated upon but all efforts to save his life provoe unsuccessful, The deceased was ver) popular at E-urac and surroundin, districts. His genial disposition wot for him many friends. On the sporting field he was also popular, being an on thusiastic cricketer. He leaves a widoe and three children. The funeral tool place at the Colac cemetery on Satur day. The pall bearers were e31ssrs W J. Pierce, T. Hylanid, J. S. Anderson B. W. Mummo, W. J. Barnard anc Worlalid, the coffin bearers beinc Messrs J. A. Lang, A. Lang. junr., L M'Neill 'and A. Pink. The Rev W. 11 Hodg0, assisted by the 1Rv J. Mathiec eon, conduoted the service, and thl muneral arrangements were carried oul by Mr T. W. Sharrow. With regard to the complahtis niaci a few weeks ago as to the mamner it which the Ohurch of England Reform'a tory- at Apollo Bay was conducted, the report of the secretary of the Ne. glectjd Children's department, Mr )avis, whio conducted an oflicial ill tainry, was recently sent to the Chief Secretary. During the absence of Sit Samuel Gillott, Mr Murray is acting ns Chief Secretary, and lie has given instructions that no more reforuatory boys are to be sent to the ApolloBay institution until a comnpetent mInalge s placed in charge. MIr Murray states that the report shows a lack of ex sr-rinco in the mnaiaginaeent, but bo .aond that there is no complaint to ho ra'de against the institution. This reek Sir Samuel (fillott will confer vl bh Archbisliop Clarke as lo the uture mmiaagsnment of the reforinatory. The usual fortnightly animting of the tolkng Hope of Colac Tent, 1O.R., Vas held in tile Teimperance Hall o1i riday evening'. Bro. A. Wilson. C.R.. resided, and there was a good attdn fance of membrers. It was ldecidt'l it ueet a't 7 p.m. for the winter months, nsteai of S p.n., beginning next mleet rie. Thie qlarterly circular was read I1m received, and one nmimber trans wred to adult telt. After the buisi iss an: enjovable ganme of ropL q (loits 'as indlulged in. The item for next eeoting is a "Musical Evtingii," wlvii evaral members have liromieil To con riblite with 5oags', rocifattoi, (~tt 50", Vt. . The latest report of the London bat ter market, under date 22nd inst., is as follows :--Though the official gusota tion for Danish is unaltered, the mar ket for all butters continues very weak. The receivals last neek (17th) into the United Kingdom were 7S,000 cwt, as against 59,000 cwt for the same period last ydat-ban increase of 19,000 cwt. - At the annual osesion of the it.U.I.O.O.F., hold at Warransabool, Bze. Foley was elected G.M. There were four candidates for the position of Deputy Grand Master, and the final ballot resulted as follows :-C. W. Armstrong, P.P.,G.M. (Caetlemaino), 17 votes; F. Norman, P.P.G.M. (Port Fairy), 34. lro. Armstrong wes de clared elected. Bros. A. Robuison (Warrnambool), W. F. Pearson (Bal larat) and F. Nornan (Port Fairy) were elected directors for three years, Bros. W. Snaciden (North Yarra), W. J. Graham (South Me,bourne) being elected for one year, and Bro. D. Wil liams (Bairuedalo) two years, in lieu of Bro. D. J. DIggan (Castlonusine), who lost his seat owing to the elcc tion of a deputy master representing the same district. The following ofil sers were also elected :-Auditor, Bro. W. Haughton (South Melbourne); tf'ie tee, Bro. T. Millor (Port Phsillip); truastees .U. alms houses property, Bros. T. Miller asud S. J. Thornton (Port Phillig). We have been informed that Mr E. Tobin, the optisal expert of Mdfbourne, who is so favorably knowns oo residents of this distr ot, has sold his business. to H. A. Ban'aclough, Ltd., the emi nent tnn of. cgs.sslting o ici is of Melb~ourne andi Syclsny- e s o on their stall of experts, and will tour Victoria for them. We are pleased to note that he may be eonsulted on all visual defects at the Victoria Hotel, Colac, on 9th April, from 11 a.m. to 8 p~m.-(Aklvt.) An old man named John Gowors, a risitor from the Wearrecknibsal dis trict, who gave his are as Sf years, was charged at the Geelong Police Court on Friday with assaulting a little girl named Violet Irene eay. ThsŽ offence was alleged to have bees; cons mitted on the bench on -Monday last. The little girl, who proved a remark alby intelligent witness, gave a nbhute account of her meeting with the ac nused, and what transpired when he brought her into the rotunda. She stated that she had left home that morning with the object of proceeding to her aunt's place at Dryscdale, about 19 miles out of Geelong. She hat taken this steop owing to ill-treatment Dn the part of her step-mother. She was severely cross-etamined, but her testimony was not shaken. At the loae of her evidonce Superiitdenclent Charles suggested the rehuction of thle bIhrge to common assault, in view of the defendant's old age eand bd state ,f health. The beoitehsaccepted~ the uggestion, and imposed a fuse of £10, an default three months' imaprisonsent. Mr R. Crowe, the Got- enrmenest lair ixpert, has written to the Socretary sir Agriculture as follows :L-'I have earned that milking machines in Vic toria are being installel at rapid rate. Altnough this is the fall of the season, one fires in Melbous-ne has sold since the lst Ja-nua- nearli- 200 msa :hines. In connection u-ith thlis matter :o-operation amongst the faasers is aengstdopted in a novel manner. Near gorost two farmers oss the opposite si-des of a main road have arranesge to cork their respective macshines from one plant. A pipe connection will be nut down susder the roadway, and the *esgme and power portion of the plant will be worked in the one dairy,. whilst bhe milking nill proceed simultaneous ly on the two farms." Milking Machines.-.Messrs M'Donsald Bros, Horseshoe Based; Nooret, write: rence.Kemsedy-Gilies milk-ing machine s-e confidently assert that the Law \--After three seasons' constant use, Is a decided success, being a labor saver (saving three hands to every 100 cosws), and very easy to handle. We find that one man bailing up his sons, leg-roping, strilpping ansd at tending to one machine is the most expeditions method, 16 cows per Isour being turned out with ease.-(Ade-t). The Marvellous .Corsick Penmily ap pseared at the Victoria Hall on Friday and Saturday o-enings, there being a large undience on each occasion. The company is 'a very talented one. As a combination they are equal to any company that has visit ed Colas for a long time past, and the repeated applause showed the w-ay in which the efforts of the performers were appreciated. Miss Alice Cor rick, who possesses a remarlkbly fine Soprano voice, was hmeard to splendid effect in several songs. Mr Chris. Young, the comedian of the company, was well receired, and the same re mark applies to all the other moms hers. Messrs Bilson and Co. have an an nouncement in another column to the effect that they are now showing all the newest fashions for the autumn and winter seasons. The programme for the farmers' classes to-day is as follows:-l1.30 to 3.45 p.m., "Stock and Dairy Masnage meent," Mr H. T. Archer; 4 to 5 p.m., "Sheep Breeding and Lamb Raising,' Mr W. Haile. There is an impression abroad that the classes are only open to those who signed the loirs guaran teeing to attend the classes. That is not so, as the classes are opei to asll. 