A VIsITon roeently returned from London assuros us that th butter' and dairying produots of Austrualia flil a very small corner indoeed of the markets of that great city. Although to u4 the dairying industry is orno of our main monns of wealth, and although the total output appears to be a largo one, it is, heo saya, almost lost in the stupendous quintitjes which ceontro in London from .all the cornore of the earth. The groat majority of the householders of the United King dom have never taslod such a produot eas Australinn butter, Blut this com parison is rather a matter for encournago. moent than dismay. That an industry which has grown so rapidly and become of such high value to us, should not have had any notieoahle effect upon th.reat markets of the world, is a guhrrýl.e.e that room for ?uausion nal incroaseNli practic.,ly unhuited. So long as th - qualily is maintained ire seems no po~sibility of the supply er couning?eup t the demand. The ltr1 ry of.:lhei dairyillg industry shows whasa marked olfect its growth has ha I upon la'd selection. Iu the same way that the wheat farmer is taking his plough out among the sheep runs of the West, so he in his turn is followed even more o!osely by the dairy farmer. As dairy ing returi.s the largest result from the lo..st number of acres of any of our three great rur .1 industries, a largo saving of land space has boeen tffooted..., For instance, for the year ending 31st March, 1809 (before the effect of dairy ing was noticeable upon..land tonturee) the average area of holdings alienated under the Crown Lands Act was only a little short of 800 acres. For the year ending the same date in 1905 "the average area of the holdings taken up had fallen to 635 acres. This gives to our State lands a [opulation capacity of a fourth more than they possessed thirteen years ago. Compared with the other industries there is far less waste of dairying lands thian those used for any other purpose. In the older coun tries of the world, where the pressure in land. space is exceptionally great, holdings, which to us appear ridiculously small, cosabine to build up such onor mous outputs as those of the Danish and British bufter'factories. The say ing "three acres and a cow," though an electioneering cry, is yet a testimony of the amount of capital which may be extracted from the soil by this branch of industry. For this reason it is gratifying to know that our present prosperity, combined with the natural evolution of the uses to which our land is being put, has givio an immense lift to this valuable industry. In the year 1895 the New South Wales output of butter amounted to 23;000,000 lbs.-by the end of 1904 the total had more than doubled itself and stood at 56,000,000 lbs. Cheese for the same period pro gressed from 3,000,000 lbs. to 4,250,000 ibs.; bacon from 5,250,000 lbs. to 10,680,000 lbs. One item alone will show what an immense asset the dairy icg industry is. The number of cows from which this wealth is gained is about 600,000, which at an average prioes of £9 per cow makes the value of the cattle, alone over £5,000,000. In view of the fact that our Sate is awake to its need for a greater population, it is satisfactory to know that we have among the causes of our prosperity an industry cnpable of absorbing'a great number of people. The influx of immigrants will lot only add to our output by their own labors, but will teach a valuable lesson as to the manner in which still creator results may be won. For instance, were an inducement held out to the dairy farmers of Denmark to emigrate to Australia, we should have a number 'of farmers who by necessity have become expert in extracting a living from hold ings of ten acres or less. Under their skilful hands a practical demonstration would be given of how all waste may be avoided. It is not improbable that an influx from the dairying countries of the world will take place. The rapid increase in our output is advertised in the fact to the buttermaking people of the world that even the sparcely populated areas of Australia are yielding enough to show the possibilities of her becoming a formidable competitor for the trade of the world. It is an advac tage to the dbvelopment of this industry that distance from the market is no terrible drawback-butter, chooeese and bacon all lending themselves readily to storage and export. Consequently, our export trade in these commodities is one which by its handiness would appeal to the moreohant, and the ships engaged in plying to Australia are beginning to look upon it as one of the main items towards their profits, The industry now that it is recovering from the set back of our bad years, and is again progressing at a phenomenal rate, car rieos with it the promise of almost limit less development in the near future. 