BRIEF NOTES. Pleuro-pneumonia discovered among cattle in several districts. C. M. Daniels, champion swimmer of America, is to visit Australia this season. There were 87 applications for position of rate-collector to shire of Nunawading. Sum of £1,050,000 is provided in this year's Estimates for naval and military defence. Potato crop in west ot Ireland is a failure, and many inhabitants have been rendered destitute. Mr. J. V. Petersen, of Talgarno, has decided to contest the seat for Indi, as an anti-socialist candidate. Owing to recent in rush of British and Australian immigrants, the labor market in New Zealand is over- stocked. Death announced of Rev. Father Far- relly, of Kilmore, aged 85 years. Deceased was the oldest priest in the state. Peter O'Shannessy, ex-town clerk, found guilty on a charge of having em- bezzled monies of Coburg Council. Frank Banner, schoolmaster, of Steig- litz, has mysteriously disappeared, and all efforts to trace him have been fruitless. Fred. Smythe, commercial traveller, sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment at Wangaratta for obtaining money by false pretences. Mansfield Shire applied to Minister of Public Works for special grants amount ing to £1,454, to repair damage caused by recent floods. London butter market is dull. Danish is selling at 122s. per cwt., Victorian salted at 116s., and New South Wales and Queensland to 114s. Tasmanian Juvenile Smoking Preven- tion Bill absolutely penalises persons under age of 16, who uses, smokes or is found in possession of tobacco. Shipment of butter from Glenormiston factory recently sold in London at 122s. per cwt. This was equal to best price quoted for Danish at the same sale. Estimated area under crop in N.S.W. is 2,296,000 acres, an increase of 43.000 acres over that of last year, and the minimum yield of wheat 25,000,000 bushels. Rev. Henry Clark, grand president of Protestant Defence Association, says it is easier for an R.C. to obtain a position in the railway service than it is for a Protestant. J. F. Kennelly, licensee of Federal Exchange hotel, Mulwala, disqualified for three years from holding a license, in consequence of three convictions being recorded against him. Charles Miley, champion axeman of Australia, who has been suffering from pneumonia and pleurisy, has been for- idden by his medical adviser to again take part in a chopping contest. Two men named Delahunty and Eastick were driving six horses, attached to a traction engine, when something startled the animals and they bolted, the engine wheels passed over Delahunty's head, kill- ing him instantly, while Eastick, who was also run over, is in a serious condition. Emperor of Annam's atrocious acts of cruelty are increasing. He killed one of his wives, had her cooked, and ordered his courtiers to eat the flesh. He put other wives to death by immersing in boiling oil, and tied 30 of them to posts and shot them, one by one, with a bow and arrow. 