OLD TIMES. FROM THE PAPERS OF FIFTV YEARS AGO. JANUARY 21, 1856. Anniversary Regatta.— Pleasure Excursion.— The H.R-N.S.N. Company's favourite steamship Hunter, Captain Petley, will leave the com pany's wharf, foot of Market-street, xm the morning of the 26th instant, . at half, past 9 S. o'clock precisely. To persons desirous of- a \- safe and pleasant cruise about the. harbour, and also of accompanying the yachts and witness ing the races to perfection, the present affords a delightful opportunity. Tickets, 5s each, ex clusive of refreshments. Tilmouth P. Dye, man-' ager. Anniversary Regatta. — The A.S-N; Company's Hunter River steamer Callaroy.n .W. . Hulhall, commander, will ply about the Harbour on Saturday, the 26th instant, for a limited number of passengers only. Tickets, 5s each. James Paterson, manager. — Advt,, 'Herald.' Anniversary Regatta, 1S56. — Subscribers to the amount of one guinea each will be entitled to a ticket of admission to the Fort for themselves . and families. No tickets will be issued for the Flagship. Richard Driver, jun., jion. sec. Anniversary Regatta. — The champion yacht Frolic will De raffled for on Tuesday evening. Apply Mr. F. B. Brice, 19 Eridge-streeL The Crimean 'War. — Remittances from the Australian colonies to the Patriotic Fund (from the English official papers). — New. South. Wales, £30,000; Victoria, '^ElflM; Sopttt Australia; £6000; and Van Dleman's^iaikd, £1948 &. ? The Morayshire, ship, 832 tons, Captain Ma- thers, arrived here on Saturday from Southamp- ton (October 9) with Mrs. Bleech and 324 Go- vernment immigrants. Dr. Bleech, surgeon-su- perintendent. Smith, Campbell, and Company, agents. The Saga, a Danish brig, of .150 tons, Captain Christensen, arrived on Saturday from Copen hagen {August 17). .The Saga has been 154 days on her passage, and brings 2326 bags and 260 half bags of oats. Fischer, Tange, anil Com pany, agents. .^ The Preusessan Lbvisa.-, Swedish ship, 314 tons. Captain Jansen, . arrived on; Saturday from Stockholm (August 1) a,nd the Cape (November 28). Sheiferlngs; €226 deals and 39 barrels of tarti: Beit? agent v./.v; z3---... 3lr~- Clark Irving appeared :atl the Central on summons iby -Duncan. McGregor nfbr detaining a te*rifir^op. Both parties claimed the pup, but Mif£ Roberts, for the jdefeneevrsaaintalnea that thgcBench had -no jurisdictioniiin the matter, t£eojAcis3iaving«no . Xefexenae h to 'animals' of angraJrinii,-. the- -words beingii'tsttoas,' 'things,!1 oiEnttooneys.' ?.?Tlie Bench .inclined that the Tvbrdc'goodaH did not include; such property as th,at now in dispute and dismissed -.the sum 75 ?.'! . JANU^S^22.' . jjsqpu Sport! 'Ehis o^iy fat the Waterloo Re trieJit!! At S o'clock a?, pigeon 'match will come off at *Eom Rostron's, at the Waterloo Retreat in the Botany=road,' -fof a Fat Pig. Birds o'. the ground. — Advt., 'Herald.',' ., - Mort's Dry Dock; ,;Watervlew Bay. — This ca pacious doqk can receive the largest ship afloat at any time of tide. Rountree and Company, lessees. P.S. — The ferry, steamers leave the Patramatta steamers* wiatf at the half-hours, and the dock, at the ^ourE.—-Adyt. iN: :- - £rf '-' \ 'JPyrmont Bridge Company. Ineorpo'rated ^*y Act of Council.-. Assented to December;15, 1855. Capital, £50,00fl, in' snares of £5 each -with power to increase, to, £100,000}.. Directors, Georee Allen, M.L.C., chairman; R. A. \A Hoorehead, vice-chairman; Walter Beanies, John Fairfax, John Taylor; jauditors;. . jpiayid Jones, A. Stanger Iie|thes; solicitor, George Wigram Allen; engineer* E. O. ' Moriarty.% The object of th$ corporation is, by the construction of bridges and roads, te open direct communi cation between 'the heart of Sydney^anfl j*yr mont, the Glebe, and ^the Parramatta-road. ?The' conveyance to the city 'of 'meat from .the abat, toirs. The citizens of Sydney generally will ; have their means of recreation and exercise materially increased by an e3sy outlet to a beautiful inland walk or drive. Applications for shares may be made to the secretary, Mr! Thomas Smith, at Lloyd's Chambers, 218 George-street. Scullers' race between M'Grath and Green. This match came off yesterday in the harbour, M'Grath winning by about three boats' length. Mr. G. Thornton was starter. M'Grath was trained by W. Sparks. The Atinistry.— We ('Herald'.) have it on un doubted authority that Mr. Deas Thomson- has declined to form a Ministry. Report .says Mr. Donaldson has been sent for. Mr. Donaldson, It. is said, is to be First Minister, Mr. Manning Attorney-General, Mr. D. Cooper or Mr. Parkes Auditor-General. Other statements make Mr. Cowper Prime Minister. JANUARY 23. To Save the Knuckles of Washerwomen.— A simple contrivance .-to,:-jsa£ef ||t£ ? -tauckies : Vpf; -waBherwoiiien Us.;rno*b4nkl ypabre -^than a board a-outl8toby 14^, wlt^tjie surface .isn't -'Into .smooth ribs on one si&K; The J»ard is held in a slanting jdarection In the left fcanaV the lower pdrtion : being in tier .washtub. The clothes after' soaking are rubbed upwards and down wards across the ribs. It Is said ' to' answer ?welL— -'Herald.' '-' Tbe;;SiMy''eighUi: Anniversary of the Founda tion of ; the Colony.— Joseph Wakely, of the Bull and Mouth Inn, corner el Pitt and. Market streets, has secured a booth, on Garden Island, where he intends to give a spread* at extremely moderate charges. Wines, spirits, cordials, ginger beer, and fine old English ale and ' por ter, a splendid room for a dance. A treat : Kiss in the ring. The German Band. Steamers and boats wilt run 'between Garden island. Bat tery Point, and Lady Macquarie's Chair. — Advt., 'Herald.' \- Anniversary of the Colony.— The following advertisement appeared in every paper pub- ' lished in Sydney:— 'Paris Exhibition.— With a, view to op«n up a field of romance and poetry to 'Australia the' Future,' the prize cradle, baby basket, and stand, made expressly for the Paris Exhibition, at a cost of IS guitieas, to gether with the medal awarded to the same, shall be given as an heirloom to. the first .male child born in the city of Sydney on the 26th day of January, 1866, on condition' that the said child shall be born in wedlock, and that it be named 'Australia.' We now beg the favour of two or more gentlemen, whose Tiames shall be an authority for history, to carry out our simple proposition. Wiley and Son, basket manufacturers, 11 Park-street. A Young Nobleman 'Behind the -Scenes.' — An outrage of a very gross nature, committed by Lord Ernest Vane Tempest, an officer of the 2nd Life Guards, upon Mr. Albert Nash, the les see of the Windsor Theatre. It appears hie Lordship had been is the habit of going be .bjnd the scenes. On .the Bight of October 21 his Lordship had amused himself by-' blacking the eyes of one person, kicking another, and so forth; On being remonstrated: with for such con duct by Mr. Nash, his Lordship broke his stick across Mr. Nash's back. Afterwards his Lord ship forced his way into the ladies* dressing room and would not leave, though - repeatedly requested to by the ladies, who had to com mence re-dressing. A policeman being sent for, he left the room, but on meeting. Mr. Nash his Lordship dragged him -to the top of the stairs, saying,. 'You dared to send a policeman to me: now I will break your infernal neck; I'll kill you,' hurling htm at the same time from the. top with all his force. Fortunately, Mr. Nash's fall was broken by a young man, or death would have been certain. His Lordship then came down the stairs and cowardly dashed his fist in the sufferer's face as he lay on the ground. Eventually his brother officers inter fered and got him away. His Lordship was summoned at the Windsor Police Court, where he was fined in the nominal amount of £5. The 'Times' pronounced a strong censure on the magistrates, calling his Lordship 'the young savage.' Had the case been sent for trial his Lordship would assuredly, have lost his com mission; as It is, he has been permitted to ex change into the 4th Light Dragoons now serving in the Crimea. No doubt the army in the Cri mea, led by gallant and brave gentlemen, will properly appreciate the Tilgh compliment paid to it by Field Marshal Lord Viscount Hardinge. In the good Old Times, Bofttny Bay, ana not the Crimea, would have been, the reward of such a gallant deed as that recently perpetra ted by Lord Ernest Vane Tempest.— 'Sydney Morning HefaM,' from the 'Home News,' JANUARY 24. The steamer London was sold at. auction yes terday for £6150. The purchasers were. Messrs. Sayers and Robey. We ('Herald') believe It ie intended to fit her out and place -her a&ain; In the regular trade between Sydney and Mel bourse. ' . , New Ferry Boat. — Yesterday morning a new steamboat, intended to ply on the Pyrmont Ferry, between Mr. Moor's wharf ana Mr. Kel lick's on the other side, was launched from (he yard of Mr. . Holdsworth. Her length is 50ft beam 12ft. depth of hold 4ft 6ia. She is double headed, so as to steam either way, and will be propelled by a 10 h.p. engine. Her owners are Messrs, Matthew Byrnes and Thomas Rich ards, two of the Market Wharf ferrymen.— 'Herald.' . . Mr. E. O. Moriarty, the engineer of the Pyr mont Bridge; company, -was engaged yesterday In taking. Bearings of the harbour , between Market Wharf and Pyrmont, preparatory to commencing the contemplated swing triage. The average depth of water is 20ft, deptfc ot -sand and clay 13ft, depth to bedrock 16Et, depth to the rock frotn. the surface -tf the water 36ft Notice.— Eigat «oats baring last night stray ed into a private garden in Sydney, aad done considerable damage, the owner or owners' thereof may obtain an «rder tot th«r fleMvery on leaving their a&me; or names with and py paying damageB and ftDste to William De&tie; so licitor, Hunter-Street.— Advt. 'War Office, Octobef 16.-^28th Foot, ftap&le-; on-Fita Stubbs, gent, to be ensign by pur chase.' 'This gentleman is Ute third eon of Mr. Thomas Stubba, formerly a large auction eer to this city. ? ' JANUARY 26. To-day, Abfiivttsarr Day, «? general holiday, Notice is, herjeDY given that 'the partnership formerly subsisting between 4£e undersigned, George Alfred Lloyd, Benjatptja Smith £4074, and Bdwln Tbotnas Bettby, ak jmerchct&ts;, tt*&- i&g; In Londsa under the firja j-! aB. IS. laoyd iwfl Cpnipsfty,' aMJn Sydney *s '& W. U#y& and Company,' nas been afssolvea, and the business 4s carried on by the «^ld George M trefl l^loya and Bawln Tb-Oiaas Beilby »i»der the flrm of 'IAoyAJ Beliby, and Company,' -in i*n dob, and of 'George A. Llpyfl end Company,' in Sydney. (Signed) iGeorge A. tAoyd, &.B. Uoyd. Witness to the abo?e stgnaturefi, &dwin; T, Beilby. -Witness tp.^ae slgaetHr* it Edwia Thomas 'BeUby, G: Wi|*^gi AUeb, ^Dlidtor «nd tootary ptiblic, Syflnte*. ,x %. ^We ('Herald') a»-icw-ttna tfafciltfc, Uonsiagoa Ins not yet succeed & |be i&fik; of ^ormlnr His sew Ministry. It is *&►»&£ iSu^t *fe w^l men bare -fltiftilnrt i6 tttkc^Soe^WDfltv ttrsm- tttdsob, ' 1 Ttiii .profits of the : 'Ans'traiiah Joint , Stock Bank; for the she months ended 'December 31 .Stmountef to- £11^40. : Adi^denfl. 0I.8 per cent, is declared. The net earnings ot the Commer cial Banking -Company of Sydney for the same period was £21_,605!'X 'dividend at the rate of 20 per cent, has been declared. ? St.- Paul's College.— At noon yesterday, being the anniversary of the «bnverslon of St. Paul, a very large nnmber *o-f ladies and gentiemw assembled at Grosse Farm to witness the cere inony of laying the foundation - stone of St. Paul's College by His Excellency the Governor General. ?? JANUARY 27. The Anniversary. — The sixtyreightfesanniver *ary qf the foundation of fthe colony was : wel comed yesterday with the customary' enthusi asm and holiday festivity, which so welf -beseem a community proud of the position ifaey hold, and the stock from whence they sprang. ? New South Wales has one day on which she may en joy herself, and on wbic? she. will enjoy her self. It is our wont ('Herald'), and it is our pleasure, to record these annual festivities on the birthday of our youthful nation. ' . . . The assemblage of people to witness the sports of. the regatta was, 'perhaps, the largest that ever took place in Sydney. Every point was crowded. At Mrs. Macquarie's Chair, Fort Mac quarie, Dawes Point, and even Garden Island, the people seemed to be absolutely huddled to gether. -A large and '.distinguished party was on board La Hogue, Captain Neatby, whose hos pitality in Sydney is proverbial. His Excel lency and Eady Denison honoured Captain Neat by's ship with a visit. The following were the races at the regatta: — Coasting vessels from 20 to 100 tons register; first prize, £20, with a sweepstakes of £3 each; second, £5; course, from own moorings off Pinchgut, round a boat off Manly Beach, thence round Pinchgut, thence round the Sow and Pigs, and back to the Flag ship— Pea-hen (J, Speers), 1; Will o' the Wisp (W. Boyd), 2. Gentleman Amateurs pulling a pair sculls, -in boats classed as watermen's, skiffs; prize, a cup valued at £15— Mr. Robert Green, 1, beating Mr. A. Campbell and Mr. Brownlow. All Comers,' pulling pair sculis; first prize, £35; second, £5 — R. Green, 1; T. M'Grath, 2; G. Nish, 3. ? Sailing boats, under 13ft; first prize, £30; second, £10— Will Watch (W. Turner), 1; Annie S. (J. M'Donald), 2. All yachts, over 3 tons register; first prize, £120; second, £30— Mischief (J. Wilson), 1; Challenge (T. J. Dean), 2; Enchantress (J. Cuthbert), .3; other starters', Eclipse, Presto, and Catherine Lord. Champion scullers' race; first prize, £50; second, £10— H. Green, 1; R. Green, 2; Healey, 3; T. M'Grath broke a scull. ^Ballarat boats; first prize, £30; second prize, £10— Village Maid tfl; Bennett), 1; Dauntless (E. J. Bias land, z. Gentlemen amateurs, pulling a pair of oars, with a steersman; prize, *a pup, value £25-^Star of Australia (Robert and James Green), l; Terror (James and John Boyd), 2. Wood and fruit boats; first prize, £10; second, £5. — The Thomas and William (T. Jenkins), 1; True Blue (W. Massie), 2. All youths, under 18\. pair sculls in light skiffs; first prize, £6 second, £4; third, £2.— J. Punch, 1; S. Knight, 2; J. Heaiey, Z. Bona-file fishermen's boats, under canvas; first, prize, £M; second, £3— A. Melville, 1; T. Curtis,2; J. Warren, 3. Licensed watermen, wh» have never won a first prize; first priste, £30; secc-d, £5— J. Roylance (from the new wharf),' 1; W. Guppy, 2; J. Hurray, 3. TheJ.5th race;?-jr youths. under 15 years of age, pulUng'in dingeys; first prize, £5; second, £2; third, £1— T. Stevens, 1; 'J. Buniop, 2; J3, Car diner, 8. The last race - (the gig and Singey race), prize, £5, was Tron by L. Younger in the dingey, beating T. Lee in the gig. A better conducted regatta has- never taken place In Sydney; The brig Shamrock was placed at the disposal of the committee by ner owner Mr fi. Corcoran, on board of which the gentlemen connected' with the. regatta assembled. The launch of H.M.S. Junp was also obtained by the courtesy of Captain Freemantle, for the purpose of Sring the signals, without fear of accidents ARTIST: 'Isn't he a beauty. 1 must come back to-morrow and sketch him. He won't be. gone far.' 