TOWN TALK. \--to;,- That we are having rather unseason able weather just now. T'iant we iught to be " enjoying" frosty sights and biting days, hiut the templeratiire is more liloe that of early splring than of almort mlid-winter. That tile Quin's Park fence in nrs bane-street nso-ds repairin. That it looks hbad to see broken pal sna and a Zig-zag fence in the principal thorougldare. - That if the said fenee from the main gate to the entrance in lilford-street had a coat or two of paint no harm would be done. That if the Federal auathoritis do not rush up with their immigration scheme they will be too late. That during the last six months alone Canada has attracted over 24,000 people to her slhores. That if Anstralra does not soon have a cut in there will be no emigrants left for her to get. i That, judging from some recent infor mation, a good deal will have to he cone bIefdre Australian butter gets fair play in the London butter market. That the statement of the gentleman who admitted fixing up Australian but ter so that it could be sold as best Danish throws a lurid light on the trrcks of the trade. That it is astonishing what a lot of difference it makoes if Sm'ith d'oes a thing or Brown does a thing, even when it is the same thing that is done. That in 19 0 Kidston heaped 25 tons 2cwt lqr. 61b of reproach on the then Premier because the session was not opened till July--oh ! it was a positive I outrage on the People; and if it ever happened again -- ! That the strange thing is that this ; year the same Kidston is opening Par liament actually a week LATER in the year than the date he howled so much about. That in 100 the opening of Parlia ment was delayed by a brutal capital istrc Premier. with a brutal capitalistic majority behind him, and then the de lay was all wrong. That this year the delay is caused by a good, kind, benevolent, tax-hating La bour Premier with a good, kind, bene volent, docile, tax-hating majority behind him, so the delay is quite right- not only quite right, but iraiseworthy in the highest degree ! Sight the differ ence ? That the Rugby Football Union are promoting a " sheet-of-iron" social, with a view to providing funds for in closing their grounds with a fence; in other words, the price of admittance to the social is to be the cost of a sheet of iron. That the " Town Talk" man surw'ests, as an plternative, "that an attractive match should be arranged, and -each natron asked' to bring a sheet of" iron , with him. That a procession could take place along the river-hank, jly way of King Edward's-parade-it would be a great That the officials could go first, each' one, like little Bo-Peep's sheep, carrying his sheet ol iron behind him. That the general public could follow with their sheets (not " sheets in the wind"), and in this way the material for a first- rate fence could be provided. That the " Town Talk" man sugeets the idea to the union officials, and is prepared to provide his "shingle" when the happy procession-day arrives. 