TBHE-DAIRYING INDUSTRY. To the 'Editor. Sir,--No more seathing aeflection-up. ,on our boasted.agricultural, prosperity is possible than the almost total ab sence of dairying exhibits at the pre mier show of our State. Yet Mr. Grasby disposes of this fact in five lines at the end of his many columned and otherwise excellent report in the "Western Mail" of November 10. It behoves our Government to ponder over the fact teat only one entry fo bhulk butter was made. at the Royal A"ricul tural Show, and then turn its thobghts to the enormous possibilities of ? the dairying industry. Ever since Bayley found gold at Cool gardie we have been assured by all and sundry that mining is the sheet an chor of this State--the industry, in fact, upon which all our other.indus tries depend. Yet we have in our lands lying within the rainfall belt a mine -of wealth immeasurably superior to our gold' mines-a mine of wealth compared to which the mineral re sources of the whole of Australia sinks into insignificance. Your readers may possibly think this atall assertion, but. with youi permission I will present a few facts and figures that I 'hope may indutce some of our legislators to put my statements to the test. The part of this State which can be utilised for dairying purposes comprises some .60,000 square miles, this being the amount of country lying well with in the rainfall' elt. . To .show what can be-done with.this area, let us con sider what is being accomplished to day in Denmark, a country containing just one quarter (15,000 square miles) of the above-mentioned quantity of land. From :this insignificant coun try, inferior 'in soil and climate to the before-mentioned part of Western' Aus .tralia, is exported annually to Giteat Britain butter to' the value of, £9,000,000. In other words, from .an area equivalent in size to an Aus 'tralian sheep. station is produced an nually a. quantity of butter exceeding in monetary value the yearly Western Australian gold output. And this is •only one item out of dozens of different kinds of agricultural products exported, besides the large export trade in live stock-viz., horses, cattle, sheep,, and pigs. Some idea of the magnitude of this trade may be gathered from the fact that there are 1,100,000 milch cows, the value of whose offspring must .be considerable. "In putting doewn the total amount annually realised from agricul tural products in Denmark at £30,000. 000\. I shall be well within the mark. Of course, I shall be told that my con tentions and comparisons are ridicu lous. iBut then I was told the same thing thirty years ago in "the Eastern colonies. I have a vivid recollection of being requested by an old Scotch friend to "tak' off yer bonnet, laddie" his inference, of course, being that by the removal of my headgear I should be releasing, if not a whole apiary, at least the proverbial Apis gigantia. And yet I had only expressed my confidence in Victoria becoming a great dairying country. This was in Eiaroa, about the time the Kelly gang stuck up the local bank. I am pleased to be able to say that my friend lived to see the finest dairy in Australia, if not in the world, erected in this very place. But permit me to attach a cutting from the "West Australian," for the purpose of enlightening those of your readers who may not be cognisant of the magnitude to which the butter in- dustry has risen in Victoria. It is a. telegram from Melbourne dated No vember 1, and says:-"-The arrivals.of butter at Melbourne from the conntry last week for metropolitan consumption and 'for export amounted to 34,215 cases, against 28,206 cases for the cor responding week of last year.. The ar rivals of cream. practically the whole of which is manufactured into butter in the city. amounted to 3601 tons. against 2024 tons. From Sep tember 29 to October 26 118,578 cases of butter and 1.275 tons I of cream have arrived, against 99,091 cases of butter and 689 tons of cream during the corresponding four weeks in 1905\. Reducing the cream to its equira lent in butter, it would anpear that about 144,080 cases (8,(163,3681b.) of butter have arrived during the last four weeks. against 112.870 cases (6.320,7001h.) for the- corresponding period of last year." This result, I am proud to say, has been brought about by my countrymen, the Danes. The Vic tori:n Government, a couple of! decades ago. being sufficiently far - seeing to encourage Danish farmers to settle in that State and ali-o to employ Danish dairying experts: To. listen to the average West Austra lian,. a stranger would receive the im pression that we are utterly incapable ofi doing or even attempting anything pre. viously successfully achieved elsewhere. thI result being that our best and richest un'tural resources are exploited bIy foreigners, and the surplus pocketed hby E'uropeai capitalists. But to return to butter. TIhe wornst fetiure abhout the apathy of the ipuhlic Stei ards the dairyinig iidustry is that it is shaIred by our Legislatum'e. Ti heads a, the Lauds. Immiigrationm and A4 ricultural )epartmc nts especially stu.m to be sufferinmg from complete mn n tal collapse whleu tihe matter is brought iup, simnplsv coltnlltlng tlhemselveFs by givlng uttierance t, a ew . tock phraises and platitudes. Certainly the Minis to," for Lands hlas spoken a few times I at Agricultural Society meetings about I the desirability of our farmers combin- I ing dairying with wheat-growing, 'hut as the Minister in his own person re presents the class who, taking advan tage of the high market price obtain ed for wheat, have grown this comma dity to the exclusion of all others, the farimers to whom he has preached the doctrine of dairying have, naturally enough, not taken his sermon to heart. IMr. Mitchell's contention that he can work a giveni number of acres per me dium of a tean el horses and one man is diametrically opposed to the afore said doctrine of mixed farming. But, as IMr. Mitchell is still a very young man (politically. at all events), he may yet- live to boast that the employs ten men where formerly he only employed one, and that he is keeping, say, 60 irilch cows upon the same area former ly being monopolised by a solitary team of horses. Personally, the Miin ister for Agriculture is a perfect. stran ger to me, but believe me. Sir, nothing will giv me greater pleasure than to see him as director of half a dozen co- operative butter factories in and around. say, Northamu. On January 5 last I read .an article in the "West Australian" by Mr. C. F. Chaplin concerning the desirability of the State fostering the dairying indus try. I had myself previous to this,. through the medium of your esteemed columns, urrgently suggested the de sirability of obtaining a few families of Danish dairy farmers as immigrants to Western Australia to promote the iidustry. I went up to Perth and saw Mr. Chaplin, who went into my scheme most enthusiastically. I can not help paying a high tribute to the kindly, interest and zest with which the late Director of Agriculture (though a perfect stranger 'to me) en tered into the details of my scheme.' I was introduced to Mr. Moore (then Minister for Lands), with whom I had a couple of interviews. Mr. Moore was -not impressed with the idea of bringing out foreigners as immigrants, though it appears .that lie has modi fied his 'views. in favour of Italian immigrants. Atnyhow, his attitude to wards myself personally, as well as my immigration scheme, reminded me irresistibly of the Iondoner who re fused to eat German sailuage for fear of violatinghis patriotic principles. I some time afterwards. in the course of conversation, .related my experience to an emineit NTw. 'South Wales Com momveailth politioian, who seemed highly amused, and assured me laughingly that I had no need to be discouraged, as this demeanour on the part, of Western Australian. Premiers was "absolutely normal." However, like his friend and colleague the Minister for Agriculture, oar worthy, Premier possesses that inestimable bless ing and priceless gift of youth. Let us hope that in time lie may become as enthusiastic about our, dairying in dustry as--Yours, etc. .. CLAUSEN. Moodiarup, Arthur' .River, November 16.. 