DAIRY JOTTINGS. It takes a large quantity of teed to mriKe a lrrgo quantity of milk. The time and , attention neeeisary to properly care for cows is about the same with the best as it is with the medium car poor ones. mi .... <44 ntUil ftrn 1 iierc is hj jllulat milt v"v y»v««vv tained is sufiLic-nt to pay all expenses. Cleanliness is the first essentiail in mak ing good bul ter. The best cows are roared m; calves on the farm. It rarely happens that a farmer is willing to sell his best heifei-s. Dairymen who depend on buying their cmvs must expect lo take what the breeders) do not care to keep. Short experiments have proved to tho satisfaction of experiment station men that tho fat content of milk cannot be in creased by the kind or quality of feed and tho theory lias grown around such experiments that it is impossible to in crease the richness of milk by feedng- Mr. J. S. Weatherhead, manager of the Camperdown butter factory, has been visiting the cream buying factories in Gipps land for the purpose of inquiring into the wurkng of the cream gathering system. Camperdown. factory has hitherto declin ed to purchase cream, but as several ol the largest milk supplers are willing to use home separators, it is almost certain that the factory will become purchasers of cream. . . Tho New Zealand Dairy Commissioner, Mr. Kinsella, does not fear butter compo- thm from the Argentine, which, lie says, is largely a beef country, and dairying is carried oil there in a very primitive style, 'liie chief dairy fanners of New Zealand and Australia, he says, can rest at peace for number of years. They can grow beet in tho Argentine so easily, and they have sudh a beautiful climate and excellent grass, that it is very difficult, even with cheap labor, to get the settlers to go in for dairying. Most of tho milking, Mr. Kinsella says, is done now, not by the Spanish, but by people who migrated from the s -utberu part ol France in tho early days- it there is one thing which has brought. Denmark to the front as a butter-pro ducing country, it is the adoption of tho system of weeding out he cows which are "eating thoir 'heads off." Tho Danish farmeis in the early days found that they wore putting too many cows on their small sections, and come to tho conclusion that iboy in u-st keep fewer cows aiul lie tier cows. This system has proved a marvellous success, and something of 'the samo de scription should be tried in Victoria. The Danes formed testing societies, owning, say, 50 or 60 cows- They had a tax of Is per luoiil 4>»v oaoh c-mic. and the Government paid a bonus on tlTia amount to prorido a salary for a man to test them. There were 30 of these societies in Denmark, and the result oltheir operations (shown hy the increased returns from the herbs) would astonish dairymen in the Common wealth. Modern methods of dairying wero not introduced into Liberia without friction. In the Altai region the superstitious pea santry spoke of separators as "devils," and laid upon them tho blamo for a fiv- mine that occurred ami .'listed for threw years. Towards the etui of the third yoair tue people attacked the oreamorios, owned principal! ly by Danish immigrants, and when not driven off with lirearma carried off' tho separators, which thoy throw int'u Uie nearest, river. Unfortunately, this raid on tho separators was followed by the end of the famine, and a harvest much botior tlran tlra.t of tiie previous years. This coincidence continued the peasantry in their belief that the separators were of (U-vburical origin, and siaengliioneil their rose-union to make an end of thc-in. i'hs s.nguair ueiiof has done mucti to retard ihj devolopinonl of dairying m the Altai (uuiury. 