— -— scspgs^p&s;^— — Let the journalist defend the doctrines of the party he approves ; let him criticise and condemn the party of whioh he does not approve* ; reserving always the right to applaud his opponents or censure hia friends, as the ruth may require—and ho will be independent enough or a Free Country. — Gakfield. The young man called on the fair young maid — His name was Charlie, and her's was Clara ; And her lap-dop growled when he moved too close, And for dogs Charlie didn't care. He complained of the way that the dog behaved, \- But th6 yonng girl tossed her head — ' If you care for me you'll the proverb mind, And act on it,' she said. ' I will' answered Charles — and the dog he seized'. Took him out and locked the door ; While Clare looked on with a vexed surprise — 'My proverb you seem to ignore.' ' Not at all, not at all,' and he took her hand And he sat quite olose beside ; ' I have followed the -wish of the proverb good — 'Two's company' he replied. By the latest files we learn that Prince George of Wales is a sufferer fsom chronio indigestion, He didn't look as if he was big enough fco hold a decent sized paio of any kind — but one never knows. Indiges tion is no respector of persons, Little Georgey, heir apparent, Thy High Grace the Empire hails, Seems it true your royal title, You are really Prince of Waila. Well we mind thy time of sorrow, Caught in dire afflictions toil, When the cable throbbed in pity Wifch the news of George's boil. Once again the world, in anguish, Wails with sympathy aetrain, For the news is flashed from Windsor George has got another pain. Oh, ye patent pills and powders, Tabloid, syrupa, beans, Gome and cure hie ' Little Mary,' Reap the ad, such curing means. The Anglican Bishop of Goulbura has been venting an old grievance often voiced by the Church. He complained that they were not getting enough of the right class of men to take the cloth. There was too much inclination on the part of young men who had failed in every other department of life to enter the Church as a last re source. This is very distressing, no doubt, on the part of the young men. Bat the fault is considerably with the churches. Look at it how we will the Church is not keeping in touch with the times. It would be idle to say that the failure of our young men to attend and interest themselves in the Church is becausa they are, in the mass, too wicked. The fault is with those who shape the doctrines and interpret the meaning of the Church. We pick each son's profession As his kind of brain will fit, And we gauge the matter closely, Adding up his grife and wit. And the bright ones and the sure oraes — Sons with plenty cheek and jaw, Take professions filled with prizes — Follow Medicine and Law. But the eon of smaller brain girfch. Who has missed his way at school — Him whom mother calls ' unlucky,' But the neighbours call a fool. Well, we hope the watching angels Will our piety reward, y For we dedicate our offspring To the service of the Lord. Now the doctor drives a carriage, And a guinea is his fee, While a constant six and eighfcpenoe Makea the lawyer rich as he. No wonder, then, that Mammon Is by Brains the chosen fate, When you weigh against its wages Qnjy tb'-'Qepauoe in the plate ! For the young man who does not show pre-eminent ability, and whose people pos sess a little money, there have always been two happy refuges — the land and the church. Young men who find the initial examinations far the bar or medicine ioo much for their limited supply of brain mat ter, either become ordained or take up farming. The result has not been too happy for either of these professions. Thus the Anglican Bishop oE Goulburn recently lodged, on behalf of the church, a strong protest against this method of disposing of what he called 'noodles.' The bishop said ' We do not wast pious milksops who, failing in other departments of life, came to the church as to a hospital for incur ables ; but we want men prepared to offer brains, as well as hearts.' Australia is to be visited by two literary celebrities, Jack London and Frank T. Bulleo, whose visits will no doubt atone for the disappointment occasioned by John Burns' inability to come to Australia. It is a pleasure to see men of high intellectual calibre from other parts of the world com ing to Australia. In our endeavours to solve ou? social problems we are apt to get into grooves. The different point of view taken by meo coming from another coun try and from a different environment should check fchis. tendency. Jack London is one of the most interesting of present day writers. On the fields of Klondike, and in various rough corners of the world, he has seen human nature in all its rug gedness. If he lectures as he writes he should be vivid, realistic and intensely m teresting. During his visit be will mostly confine his attention to our industrial con ditions. Equally lull of romance -is the life of F. T. Bullen. He bfigB,ts his career as a London street arab, aud at about' 12 yen.ro of age the homalesr. little gufitfii.1 -snipe took to the sea. From that time until well past middle life he has been oae of those who live by ' going clown to the sea in ships.' When he waa a youth he was employed on a steamer as lamp -trimmer, and spest some time travelling up and down the coast of New South Wales. He boarded in Sydney, and, so he tells us, was for some time in danger of becoming a Sydney larrikin. The criminal courts had recently to deal with a ease of embezzlement where the facts W8ro peculiarly in favor of leniency towards the prisoner. A postmaster at Ooraki had been in the service of the de partment for 30 years, and after that long period of BQrviee was still drawing a salary of less than £3 per week. The almost in evitable result was an attempt to at3d to the income by other methods ; unfortu nately in this case, dishonest ones. The judge made some pointed remarks as to the evils of under-paying meo in responsible positions. It is the same story which we have heard in our criminal courts before. This story of under-payment and embezzle ment is very closely connected with another narrative we often hear : that of the saving of public moneys by the introduction of some scheme of retrenchment in the public service. The Minister for Lands in Queensland has been stirring our own Lands Depart ment up to envy by publishing the state ment that during the past eight or ten months over 140,000 acres of Queensland landR have been taken up by settlers from this State and others that lie to the south. But after all there ia nothing in tbis state ment to cause the hysterical Sydney daily papers to. become excited. It haa always been I he history of land selection for settle men fc to be continually flowing from south to north. Our northern tablelands and North Coast districts have developed won derfully daring the last ten years,' anri we need not grieve if a few settlers overshoot the mark and get us to Queensland. This State has benefited largely during the past twelve months by the influx of Victorians aud South Austra.Ha.H8. We are constantly being told in this country that the system of paying wages every month, which is adopted by our Civil Service, an.d most of the large trading sx-d. financial concerns, conduces to habit of extravagance and thriftlessnegs. It would be oa well to draw the attention of out' legis lators, who are now thinking of paying salaries fortnightly, to the plan devoted in Not ?ay. The eviis of pay day are there met by closing all the drinking saloons and keening all the savings banks open until midnight on that date. This strikes us as being an excellent plan. Loose coin in tha pocket is spent upoo the object which lies nearest. If the wisdom of our legis lators were to adopt fbis plan of pushing the Savings Bank, and not the bar counter, under the iaoses of our spendthrift wage earners, it is certain that some good would result. In very many places it ie the recognised thing that the first of the month means a spree. Mr G. H. Reid boasts that ' the position I have taken up has not been questioned by a single member of my party.' In oiihei' words, those who fail in with his views agree with him, His followers have agreed that having accepted him as leader they will be led by him. Or again, you might paraphrase his remark by saying that those who approve of the position he has taken up do not disapprove of it, or that those who thiok he is right do not think he is wrong. It is just as well to be clear on these matters. But for hia state \- w:- we might have supposed that his party Wv?re Hot his party, but were really Watson iSie'3 who were in hia (Reid's) party, because they liked his cheerful ways. What a pity thai Reid's buv.eh of confidence did not carry him *»? little further. If he had only fcolcS us what he cloea believe in, how happy we should be. So far as we can make it out he ia a democrat, but advocates the cause of the classes against the masses ; a frfietrader, but a sworn ally of protection i n;s ; a radical but a conserva tive ; disbelieves in the socialists, but would not repeal the aafcs they have passed, spends his time wrangling with Deakin, but in vites him to join hia party ; denounces party pledges, but thinks them necessary for the coming fight ; scorns a Black Australia, but does not think we ought to have a White one. Anyhow, what is his ' position ? ' A visitor recently returned from London as8uresthatt.be butter and dairying products of Australia fill a very small corner indeed of the markets of that great city. Although to us the dairying industry is one of our main means of wealth, and although the total output appears to be a large one, it is, he says, almost lost in stupendous' quauti- ties which centre in London from all the corners of the earth. The great majority of the householders of the United Kingdom have never tasted such a product as Aus tralian butter. But this comparison is rather a matter for encouragement than dismay. That an industry which has grown so rapidly and become of such high value to us, should not have had . any noticeable effect upon the great markets of the world, ia a guarantee that room for ex pansion anrl increase is practically un limited. So loaf? as Hie quality is main tained there sterna no possibility of the Buppiy ever coining up to the demand. The history of the dairying industry shows what a marked effocfc Ha growth has had upon land selection. In the same way that the whoa'; farmer ia fciking bis plough out among the sheop rune of ihe West, s»n Iiq iu hia turn is followed even move closely by the dairy farmer. As dairying returns the latest resuits from fcbo least Ruraborof acres of any of our Hiveo w--sX rural indus tries, a large paving of land epaco has been effected. For instance, for the year ending 31st March, 1893 (before the effect of dairying was. noticeable upon land tenures) the average area of the holdings alienated under the Grown Lands Act was only a little short of 800 acres. For the year end ing tha same date in 1905 the average area of the holdings taken up had fallen to 635 acres. This gives to our State lands a population capacity of a fourth more than they possessed thirteen years ago. Com pared with other industries there is far less waste of dairying lands than those used for any other purpose. In the older countries of the world, where the pressure on land space is exceptionally great, holdings, which to us appear ridiculously small, combine to build up such enormous outputs as thoee of the Danish and British butter factories. The saying ' Three acres and a cow,' though an electioneering cry, is .yet a testi mony of the amount of capital which may ? be extracted from the soil hj this branch of industry. For this reason it is gratifying to know that our present prosperity, com bined with the natural evolution of the noes to which our land is being put, has given an immense lift to this valuable industry. In the year 1895 the New South Wales output of butter amounted to 23,000,000 lbs.; by the end of 1904 the total had more thaa doubled itself and stood afc 56,000,000 lbs. Oheese for the same period progressed from 3,000,000 lbs to 4,250,000 lbs; bacon from 5,250,000 to 10,680,000 lbs. One item alone will show what an immease asset ihe dairying industry is. The num ber of cows from which this weaifch is gained is about 600,000, which at an aver age of £9 per cow makes the value of the cattle alone over £5,000,000. Ia view of the fact that our State is awake to its, need for a greater population, it is satisfac tory to known that we have among the causes of our prosperity an industry capable of absorbing a great number of people. The influx of immigrants will not only and fco our output by their own labours, but will fceaoh a valuable lesson as to the manner in which still greater results may be won. For instance, were an inducement held out fco the dairy farmers of Denmark to emi grants to Australia, we should have a numoer oi iarmera wno ioy necessity nave become expert in extracting a living from holdings of ten acres or less. Under their skilful hands a practical demonstration would be given of how all waste may be avoided. It is nob improbable that an influx from the dairying countries of the world will take place. The rapid increase in ou» output is advertised to the butter-making peoples of the world in the fact that even the sparsely populated areas of Australia are yeilding enough to show the possibilities of her becoming a formidable competitor for the trade of the world. It is an advantage to the development of this industry that distance from the market is no terrible drawback — butter, cheese and bacon all leading themselves readily to storage and export. Consequently, our export trade in these commodities ia one which by its handiness would appeal to tha merchaufc, and the ships engaged in plying to Austra lia are beginning fco look upon it as one of the main items towards their profits. The industry now tlmfc it is recovering from (he set- back of our bad years, &od; is again pro gressing at a phenomenal rate, carries with it the promise of almost limitless develop^ meat in the near future, 