IMUMIRATION. THE SETTLERS REQUIRED FOR AUSTRALIA. Mr. August Larsen writes -to the Im mnigration League:-In nearly all publi cations inviting people to settle in the colonies, the following phrase can be seen:-"What we want is farmers with a few hundred pounds capital to take up land." But the, number of such farmers willing to emigrate is very limited, and they are afraid of losing their few hun, dred pounds. Although everybody iip peals to these people "with a 'few hunu dred pounds in their pockets," is it quite certain that these men are really the best and most desirable settlers? I do not think so. It will be best under stood what class of people I mean by quoting the following facts:-On May 5, 1905, I assisted a yoaing Danish farm labourer, Kristian Kjeldsen, to go to West Australia. He promised to letIme know how he was getting on, andalso to write me in a year's time. On July 24, 1906, I received from ihim the follow ing letter, written from Upper Swan, West Australia:-"Mr. August Larsen, London.-According to my promise I am -writing to you again after being in West Australia for cue year, and I must tell you that I am very pleased with every thing here. I think of takingi up land next yiear, after the harvest. The wages here are very good, but still I think more money can be made if I do something for myself.-Yours gratefully (Signed) Kristian Kjeldsen." Now in my opinion Mr. Kjeldsen is the best man Australia could get: He can work and he can save money. Mfr. Kjeld son, 'with his £40 saved during the ihrst year he was in Australia, will in all probability in a few yearis' time, he a prosperous farmer, and will be ahead of the man who arrives with a "few hundred pounds in his pockets," because he hds learned the value of money. He has proved that' he can save money. More over lie has saved every penny in the country he 'has adopted, whilst the ma jority of those young' men "with a few hundred pounds in their pockets," and to 'whom everybody makes love, have none of these advantages, and nearly every one of 'them coues to a new country with tnoneyl which he has not saved him self. I think everybody will agree with me that Mr. Kjeldsen with his £40 saved in the first year is a most desir able settler, and of more value to' the state than the y.bung man who gets a few hundred pounds from his family to go out and take up land in Australia'. Mr. Kjeldsen's success is, so to say, certain; but whether the man with a few hundred pounds in his pocket succeeds is. doubt. ful, and has first to be proved. On the other hand, the number of the farmers with a few hundred pounds in their poe. kcts willing to emigrate is very limited, whilst the nu'mhber of such men as Mr. Kjeldsen can be had by thousands if a helping hand is given to thiem to get out to Australia. In 1797 the All England XI. played I3 of Nn,5s5 e Cowafftham Rancnourus. 