"THE C AND R. EXAMINER." Established 1859,_ UKAKTON : .MAY 26th, 1906. THE IMMIGRATION QUESTION. À good deal of prominence is being giver just now to the question of immigration and rightly so, for beyond dispute .Aus- tralia needs a much larger population... Ii a number' of ways it can bo shown' thal thc cost would bo but very slightly in- creased if. treble the number of people were 'to. be governed. The machinery .of. gpvern mont is already in existence, and a,-slight 'increase of tho respective staffs would meet all requirements. This ls especially appar- ent in relation to railways, poet:and .tele graph services, police, lands, and other de partmenls of thc State,- services.1 While little material increase of cost would bc entailed upon tho Government, tho burden of taxation would bo> lighter because it would bo divided among a much greater .number'of taxapayers, or if the same ratio of taxation were, maintained, tho total _in couio would be . vastly greater in propor- tion to thc cost óf Government, than it is now. At present wo have a scant popula- tion around tho seaboard from thc south- ern "portion of West Australia to Northern Queensland, but the coastlino from Cook- town to Port Darwin and thence round tho coast of tho North-West Territory of Wost'Australia may . bo said to remain in tho hands of the aborigines. It- is true that' at points along .tho coast.- there are small towns, but in tho main the Terri- tory is uninhabited.. Of, the interior ljttle can bo safd4'_;.The arid plains of central Australia dcTnbt invite settlement, 'princi- pally owing, to the uncertain rainfall and distance from, railways. ; It is only when tho tropic holt, is crossed and .tho strutch bf country comprising tho Northern Terri- tory of South Australia ls entered, that the conditions, so far as central Australia aro concerned, arc flt for agricultural settlement. ' But apart, from -these ques- tions, tho.;fact remains that Australia with its immense territory can afford to have waste lands and still mid room for mil- lions of people. On tho seaboard, alone there is,- ample room for closer settle- ment and .thu absorption of all the . immi- grants we can- secure for tho next 50 years. That a steady inflow of new people is ne-, cessary all will admit. Tho real question it. how the. end desired cnn bo attained. In this matter tho experichco of Now -South ?Wales'and other States should bc useful. -A study .of the systems of immigration that prevailed both hero and In Queensland,.. a few years ago; ànd the results. secured therefrom, should indicate tho lines on which any scheme of immigration should, bo- arranged. Ono,* of tho first dnngers^to bo ; avoided ls indiscriminate selection'.!,! .H -ns a result of combined action between :'the, Commonwealth and the States an office is, to bo opened in .London, extreme care'must be exercised that tho right men aro ap- pointed to coritrql It. Having taken steps . to . Induce appli- cants, thc Immigration Bureau ? must see that only tho right class aro passed on to Australia. In the old days -when immigra- tion was in full swing hundreds came to tho colonies who wore'neither mechanics or agriculturists. Many of -thc mon had spent all their j lyes in-tho groat manufacturing cent res ns factory hands,- their activity be- ing confined to ono class of ' work in which' tho labour of many contributed to tho complet ed article. When, these men landed they found the country too young' ' for ;'them, inusmuch us thoro were no industries ^fetich as they were accustomed to. Still, 'they had to, And work, and the natural consequence, was that they increased tho already, overstocked unskilled labour mar ''ket. .' Yet' strangely enough some of these men did remarkably well. By force of cir- cumstances they were compelled to enter into new-sphères of labour. Those who! lacked' initiative remained labourers,-' but' others -'moro progressive went./;-'intot busi .no.ss, and a number went 'on/the 'land and snatched success ' from, unpromising sur- roundings... It is necessary', tío mention this \íflfit... ¡n . order: t o show that\there, aro .' ex- ceptions, novortheloss it must be admitted J .that so far as tho majority are concernée! Ithc' factory workers froin tile old land aro not needed lierez-at least-until such time ns, tho industries they represent gain' a footing.; nor is there room' for unskilled . labour. What, then, aro our requirements? . Primarily mechanics and agriculturists. The great need of Australia is for a class of sturdy peasants who, by their example, will tench our. people-a -much-necdod lesson in thrift and industry.' To those who ob-, ject to the statement/it may be pointed out that tho Danish .dairyman roars a fam- ily on thrco acres, while the,.. Australian, professes to starve on 1000 acres. If-.wo aro to pay for new people being brought; hero, let us seo'to it that-wc get value foiv tho money, and that those who como..will provo a valuable asset .to tho Stá,te rath er. than a drag and a burden. Tho nrrival :of a- number of settlors' from,Northern teuropo would be a blessing. Theso ' people ..possess a vast fund of inherited knowledge fcgarddng all that pertains to agricultural work, and their presence in any com-, ¡munlty would produce 'good' results. lt.. does not follow that there is no room for our kith and kin from the old land. Tho sturdy typos now on tho Clàronco" provo, what, the pioneer can do,'whether English, Scotch, or Irish, but it .would appear ns if . tho younger generation aro of less tough fibre-and lack tho characteristics.of their fathers who faced, tho wilderness and cloar'ed tho scrubs In this and other dis- tricts. Thc infusion of now blood, British or otherwise, might mean tho preservation of tho spirit so essential in a young coun- try, and tend to build up a strong race. Australia only wants tho best. She has mo room for tho off-scourlngs of either Britain or Europe, and so' long os those facts aro kept iii mind, a policy of immi- gration' will do -good. 