DAMES IMMIGRANTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir-Some time ago an open letter from Dr. Arthur to the Premiers in conference, appeared in the "Sydney Morning Herald" dealing with immigration. During a discussion upon the said letter, the question was asked: What could be the reason that only so few Danes, and especially, Danish farmers, came out to Australia. whereas a considerable number emigrated to America? At that time I gave it as my opinion that the reason was that the distance was so great, and consequently the passage money amounted to a considerable sum for a Danish farm labourer; but a letter Just to hand from an old-time friend In Copenhagen puts a different aspect on the case, and I take the liberty to acquaint you with It, as It perhaps would be worthy of your consideration. Herr Mortensen, my friend, writes -"On the death of Uncle Fisher, his children, nine sons and five daughters, sold the property and divided the money between them. Five of the sons decided to emigrate, thinking that if they worked together with their little cape- told they would be able to make it more profitable in a new country than they would be in Denmark. On my advice they decided to go to Australia, as I knew that when I recommended them to you you would give them the benefit of your experience and advice when they met you. Judging by your letters I thought that they could not do better, and I therefore directed them to an emigration agent, where I thought they could get all the information they required. This agent told them that it would be no use for them to go to Australia, as none of them could speak or understand English, and foreigners not able to speak and write English would not be permitted to land in Australia; but the advised them strongly to go to Canada. As I could not possibly believe such a statement to be true, I went with them to another agent the following day. He also stated that such a law was enacted by the Commonwealth of Australia, but In his opinion it was merely! with the intention to keep coloured people out, and would not be strictly enforced against Europeans, who he thought could pick up sufficient English on the voyage out to carry them through. However, he said the law existed, and could therefore be enforced at the will or caprice of any officer dealing with these matters. He also said that it was difficult to get possession of land If a person had not the money to buy it with | from those who already hold it, as the land in Government possession was disposed of by, lottery. When I expressed my disbelief In this he produced a 'Sydney Morning Herald, wherein It stated that for a certain number of farm selections-I do not remember how many there were, I believe, 23 applicants for each selection, and It was then decided by ballot whose applications should be accepted; therefore 22 out of every 23 applicants did not succeed in getting the land they required. After seeing it in the paper I could, of course, no longer doubt that his statement was correct; but you can easily understand that I was surprised. This agent advised them to go to Argentina, pointing out a great many advantages, and they decided to try their luck there I have not yet heard from them, so I do not know how they are getting on." The foregoing extract from Herr Morten-" Ben's letter speaks for itself, and needs no comment from me; but I cannot help saying that it is highly deplorable that such misstatements and prevarications should be allowed to go unchallenged, and deprive the country of a number of the most desirable and most needed people and I venture to say; that better emigrants than the Danish never landed in Australia, whether it be farmers, artisans, or labourers, for although it will only be a limited number that can be termed rich or wealthy, we can nearly all be said to be prosperous and well-to-do. There is, of course, broken pots In all countries, but I do not think that in all the thousands of unemployed in Australia it will be possible to find half a dozen Dance. It is now over 32 years since I landed, and during that time I have seen Australia from Normanton to Port Fairy, and have had plenty of opportunity to make observations, which I am proud and pleased to Bay were very favourable to my countrymen. I am, etc., F. ANDREW BRANDT, Architect, Ddcn. 