Dairying. — .... ^_ I'ok some time pnst a few energetic citizens have been endeavouriDg to es tablish a local butter factory. How ever, their efforts do not seom to havo mot with the success forecasted. The prospectus has been issued giving full particulars regarding the company about to be formed, but farmers and others, who should be interested, do not seom to realise the benefits which must naturally be the outcome if a butter factory were established in pur midst. It should be remembered that, the dairying industry is one of the Commonwealth's main means of wealth, li is an industry which has prown rapidly. Thousands nf pounds Worth are now exported to Great Bri tain, yet it is stated by a visitor who recently returned from England, that ' the great majority of thte house holders of the United Kingdom have never tasted such a product as Austra lian butter.' The history of the dairying indus try shows what a marked effect its growth has had upon land selection. In tin; eaiue -vay that the wheat far mer is taking his plough out among the sheep runs of the West, so he in his turn is followed even more closely by the dairy farmer. As dairying re turns tho largest result from the least number of acres of Any of our three great rural industries a large saving of land space has been effected. For instance, for the year ending 81st .March, 1889 (before the effect of dairying was noticeable upon land tenures) the average area of holdings alienated under the Crown Lands Act was only a little short of 800 acres. For' the year ending the same date in 1905 the average area of the holdings taken up had fallen to G35 acres. This gives to our State lands a popula tion capacity of a fourth more than they possessed thirteen years ago. Compared with the other industries there is far less waste of dairying lands than'thoEe used for any other purpose. In the older countries of the world, where the pressure on land space is exceptionally great, holdings which to us appear ridiculously small combine to build up such enormous outputs as'' those of the Danish and British butter factories. The saying ' three acres and a cow,' though an electioneering cry, is yet a testimony of the amount of capital which may be -extracted from the soil by this branch of industry. For this reason it is gratifying to know that our pre sent prosperity, combined wiui tno natural evolution of the uses to which our land is being put, has given an immense lift to this valuable industry. In tho year 1895 the New South Wales output of butter amounted to 23,0O0,OO01bs., by the end of 1904 the total had more than doubled itself and stood at 5G,O00,O00lbs. Cheese for tho same period progressed from 8,000,000lbs. to 4,2uO,O001bs. ; bacon from 5,250,000lbs. to 10,GS0,0001bs. One item alone will show what an im mense asset the dairying industry is. The number of cows from which this wealth is gained is about 600,000, which at an average price of £0 per cow, makes the value of the cattle alone over £5,000,000. In view of the fact that our State is awake to its need for a greater popu'a tion, it is satisfactory to know that we have among the causes of our pros perity an industry capable of absorb ing a great number of people..' The iulliu of immigrants will not only odd to our output by their own labors but will te»£ u valuable leBson as to *&, manner In which still greater results may be won. For instance, were an inducement held out to the dairy far niers of Denmark to emigrate to Aus tralia, we should have a number of farmers who, by necessity, have be come expert in extracting a living from -holdings of ten acres or less. Under their skilful hands a practical demonstration would be given of how all waste may be avoided. It is not improbable that an influx from the dairying, countries of the world will take place. The rapid increase in our output is advertised in the fact, to the butlermaking peoples of the world, that even the sparsely populated areas of Australia are yielding enough to show the possibilities of her becoming a formidable competitor for the trade of the world. It is an advantage to the development of this industry that distance from the market is no terrible drawback — butter, cheese and bacon all' lending themselves readily to storage and export. Consequently, our export trade in these commodities is one which by its handiness, would appeal to the merchant, and the ships engaged in plying to Australia are be ginning to look upon it as one of the main items towards their profits. The industry now that it is recovering from the set-back of our bad years, and is again progressing at a pheno menal rate, carries with it the pro mise of almost limitless development in the near future. 