QUESTIONS IN PARLIAMENT. i'ederal 'Ministers were yesterday called upon by members to answer nearly thirty questions. Amongst the subjects dealt with were the following: — INFORMATION FOR IMMIGRANTS. it is a matter ot notoriety that people coming to Australia have been greatly mis informed concerning the nature of the Com monwealth laws, and Mr. Frazer asked the Prime Minister if he would take into con sideration the advisableness of displaying in steamers trading to Australia placards show ing the inducements which the Common wealth can hold out to settlers, and refuting the slanderous statements made in regard to the immigration laws. The Prime Minister said he thought the idea was a good one. He would be glad to give effect to it if it were found practic able. TELEPHONE TOLL SYSTEM. Members of the House of Representatives have not been at all satisfied with previous answers to questions relating to the intro duction of the telephone toll system, nnd Mr. Hiving,. the Acting Postmaster-General, in reply to Mr. Webster, made a further announcement in regard to ihe matter. He said it was the intention of the department to carry out its previously expressed decis ion to supplement the present method of charging by the introduction of a toll or measured system, but the necessary ar rangements could not be made to bring it into operation on 1st Jjuly. It was not in tended that the toil system should be com pulsory except for new subscribers. CERES POWDER. The attention of the Prime Minister was directed bv Mr. Phillips to a paragraph in "The Age' cf lith inst., In referencp to the userfif ceres powder by the Danish Depart ment of Agriculture, as a preventive for smut disease in cereals and also for increas ing the yield. The Prime Minister said that a sample of ceres powder analysed by tlie Department of Agriculture in this State gave the follow ing result:— Sulphide of potash, C9AU per cent.; sulphide of soda, 29.61 per cent,; sul phate of soda, S9 per cent. Experiments had been carried out by the department with sulphide of potash as a preventive for smut, but it was not so good as sulphate of copper for that purpose. Many experiments had been tried with potash salt, to test their effect on the yield of wheat. In most eases they had had no beneficial result sufficient to cover their cost to the farmer. BEGG'S WHISKY. Same whiskies make you feel jolly sad; some whiskies make you feel folly bad. Begs makes you Icel jolly glad. r-UM.1 v. - .ato. i: 