THE SETTLERS FOR AUS- TRALIA. ————— Mr. August Larsen writes to the Im- migration. League of New South Wales : —"In nearly all publications inviting people to settle in the colonies, the fol- lowing phrase can be seen, 'What we want is farmers with a few hundred pounds capital to take up land. But the number of such farmers willing to emigrate is very limited, and they are afraid of losing their few hundred pounds. Although everybody appeals to these people 'with a few hundred pounds in their pockets,' it is quite certain that these men are really the best and most desirable settlers? I do not think so. It will be best understood what class of people I mean by quoting the following facts:— On May 5, 1905, I assisted a young Danish farm laborer, Kristain Kjeldsen, to go to West Australia. He promised to let me know how he was get- ting on, and also to write me in a year's time. On July 24, 1906, I re- ceived from him the following letter, written from Upper Swan. West Aus- tralia : "Mr. August Larsen, London,-- According to my promise I am writing to you again, after being in West Aus- tralia for one year, and I must tell you that I am very pleased with everything here. I think of taking up land next year after the harvest. The wages here are very good, but still I think more money can be made if I do something for myself.—Yours, etc., Kristain Kjeldsen.'" No, in my opinion Mr. Kjeldsen is the best man Australia can get. He can work and he can save mo- ney. Mr Kjeldsen, with his £40 saved during the first year he was in Austra- lia, will in all probability in a few years time be a prosperous farmer, and will be ahead of the man who arrives with a 'few hundred in his pocket,' be- cause he has learned the value of mo- ney. He has proved that he can save money: moreover, he has saved every penny in the country he has adopted, whilst the majority of those young men with a few hundred pounds in their pockets,' and to whom everybody makes love, has none of these advantages, and nearly everyone of whom come to a new country with money which they have not saved themselves. I think everybody will agree with me that Mr. Kjeldsen with his £40 saved in the first year is a most desirable settler, and of more value to the State than the young man who gets a few hundred pounds from his family to go out and take up land in Asutralia. Mr. Kjeldsen's success is, so to say, certain; but whether the man with the few hundred pounds in his pocket succeeds is doubtful, and has first to be proved. On the other hand, the number of the farmers with a few' hundred pounds in their pockets willing to emigrate is very limited, whilst the number of such men as Mr. Kjeldsen can be had by thousands if a helping hand is given to them to get out to Australia." 