NNOT'IN AN)U BP1fJNT At the Colac Police Court on iriday, before Messrs Sherren and Selwood, J's.P., Elizabeth Adams was charged with selling ale without a licence on the 30th December. Superintendent Charles prosecutld, and AMr T. W. Hancock appeared for the defence. Alfred Simmons said that on the 30th December his employer sent him to the defendant's place for five bottles of beer. He got them from Mrs Adams, and put half-a-crown on the cout-ter. The police took possession of the beer. Constable Fenton said lie went out to defendant's place in Larpent lane. She had a amall shop. Ile and Con stable Olney had a search warrant. He saw the last witness at the coun ter. He saw two bottles of beer in the bag. Simmons said lie was get ting it for T. Inglis, and that he was. going to get five bottles. Defendant then handed Simmons -three more bottles. Witness asked defendant if slhe had aily more liquor. They found three cases of bottled ale and three demijohns of whisky. Defendant said she had just got the stull in to see her through the holidays. She said the stuff cost .10, but shie had not paid for it. In reply to Mr Hancock, the witness stated that the lad at first said he had not paid for it and then said he had. Defendant Incew ,tlat witness was a constable.- Con stable 01ney corroborated the evidence of the previous witness. Tilomas Tnglis said he sent Simmons to defendant's place on the 30th December, and-gave him 2/6. The bench imposed a - fine of £25, in default three months im prisonment, and ordered the liq.mo to be confiscated. The defendant decided to go to goal instead of paying the 'fine. At a special sitting of 'the ..Cola? Licensing Court on iF riday, aue-: tioneers' licences were granted[ to I .-' 31\. Hearn and Wililiam Darcyv-.r . A terrible earthquake 'has oc' irred in Nicaragua,' the .Central American Republic. It is reported that the vol cano of Masaya, 40 miles north?-west of the town of Nicaragua, is in violenti eruption, and has destroyed the town of Masaya, lying at the foot of the mountain. The majority of the vic tims at Massays are Indians. It-is fear ed, that thousands of people, including many whites, have perished. A suggestion by which immigration in a small way may be encouraged comes from the Agent-General (Mr Ta verner.) In a letter to tile Premier, Mr Bent, he proposes that the agricul tural societies in the various parts of Victoria should communicate with far mors, and ascertain whether they would be prepared to take one youna man cdch on their farm for twelve months, and the terms on which they could do it. This would enable the new-comers to gain some knowledge of farm life, and at the samme time to "look rounid" with the object of tak ing up land. Several young men, Mr Taverner says, have already emigrated to Victoria on his advice, and there were three more about to leave at the time of writing. Mr Taverners says that the suggestion of Councillor O'Donnell, of Kerani, was that local bodies should work on the lines slug gested ; but, while that suggestion. was a good one, he thought it better that the agricultural societies should take the matter up. -Farniers, lie remarked, could rest assured that every iiiqxuiry would be imade in Great Britain, so that the employing farler in Victoria could feel satistfied that the man was of good repute. Archdeacon Peacock, was on Thurs day evening last inducted by Bishop Green, of Ballarat, to the incumbency of Christ Church, Warrnambool. Arch deacon Peacock's letters of cbllation to the newly-formed archdloaconry of the Otway were also read. The service vau icrys impusslve, anti w-u largely attendled. Amongst those present as representatives of their respective con gregations were the ministers of the local Presbyterian, Methodist, Baptist, and Congregational Churches. The clergy who assisted at thle cereimony were time Iev C. E. Buraess. -who acIts d as vicar at Christlchulch for n con siderable lime ldring the late Canos /Gceorge's illness t; he iRev. J. Wa-gg, of Mortlake; Rev j.. U. Macfarlane, of Camperdown; the Rev S.. A. Beveridlo successor to Arclhdeacon Peacock at Colac ; the Rev L. E. .Lewin, of Alvie * the Rev J. A, M3'Queen. of Cobden ; the Ilev E. Leitlbridge, of Terang; the Rev F. W. Coupe, of Allansford ; and the Rev E. G.Iliggin, of Koroit. Wage-oarners and others whio cono within the scope of tile Inicome Tax Act are reminded that forms can now be obtained, and must be filled in without delay. Every person whose income consisted of salary or wages, allowance. pension, superannuatioll, or retiring allowance, of rente, interel, or anlitiily, andl whose -roo S inconto ,'ithim the mucaning of the Act earned in or dcrivedl froni Victoria duriui 1905 amounted to £157 and upwards shall be required to nmke and fi:lrisli in thle lprescribed form and return is i ilhe .Income Tax Conmniissioners on or uefore 1st Fehbruary. Every other pc?r soi or company is allowed till the Ist of March. Any neglect to fur lish a return or the making of a also return wiill render the offender mable to a penalty of not less than i2 or more thian -C100. and lie will be sssessed and charg'dl double thoe em'dnEt:n i~-:ta.. I The directors of the Colac Dairying Company have fixed the price of milk for the month of December at 9Id per lb for the butter contained therein. Cheques will be issued next Saturday at the fire brigade station, between 10 a.m. and 2:p.m. The output of but ter for December was 1S9 tons 9 cwt, as compared with 179 tons 12 cwt for December, 10.Ol. The following is .the latest report on the state of the Lon don butter nmarketJ.Danish- he ofti cial quotation at Copenhagen was raised a further 2 kroner (2/3) per cwt. Victorian--The London market is firm, in sympathv with the advance in the price of Danish. The demland for unsalted has also improvedt. le ceivals,-rThe total imports into the United Kingdom last week (30th De comber) were 70,000 ewt., as against 019,0(10 cwt for the same period of the previous year, or an increase of 1001) cwt. A meeting of those interested in the Polwvarth Bacon Company will be held on Monday, 15th .Januar,. at the Odld fellows" Hall, at 2 o'clock. It was originally intended to hold the meet int to-?day, lbut it has been postponed till next Monday. The tenders of Messrs Butt and Carr have been accepted for extensive alterations and additions to the Colac State School and for the erection of ia Public Hull at Beech Forest. The amount of the first-named contract was £487, and of the latter C3S9/18/. iyesight and Spcctacles.-L -i?cal\ o Tobin and Co., the well-known Collins street opticians, will attend at Ban nister's Victoria Hotel on Saturday, 13th January. Ideal Spectacles. Sight tested free. When the justices who dealt with the charge of sly grog selling against Mirs Adams, at the Colac Police Court on Friday,: inflicted a fine of £25, in de fault threo months' imprisonment, SIr T. W. Hancock, who appeared for the accused. asked that the term of im prisonment should be made in propor tion to the fine. HIe pointed out that the Act provided for a fine of not less than £25 nor more than £50, and as an alternative not less than a month's imprisonment nor more than thre months'. SIr Hancock edtended that as the minimum fine had 'been imposed, it was unreasonable that the maximum imprisonment should be given as an alternative. But the justices failed to. see that there was anything unreason able in finifig a person the minimum and in default of payment ordering the maximum term of imprisonment, so that the order was not amended. The Rev. G. H. Cole, of the Central Mission Training Farin at Burwood. East, is spending a few ldays in the district, visiting the boys from the in stitution, and he is exceedingly pleasedc with their progress and the treatneant they are receiving in the homes .to which they have. been sent. Int view of the splendid practical work which is being done by the Training:g Farm the public have liberally responded to ap peals for. support: Sir Herbert Gladstone, Secretatry of State for Home Affairs, in his election: address, replying to the accusation. that the Government intends to deE stroyv the unity of Pirlidiaent and. the vmpire by establishiing a .. legislative Parliament in Ireland, states that' no such liroposal can be maide in the Par liament about to he elected.' . Eve'y step towards the better govermiment of Ireland, he adds,- ouiglit to be judged on its merits. At a time lwhen; the Governuenn t is iakingki suchl a, noise about its desiie to economise the i granting of. twelve months'?leave' of albsence on full pay to thie Chief J.ustice, Sir John Maldden, is an extraordinary thing; The ipublic iill "have-: the :knowledge '"that it is paying so?etlhini like "-£3500 to one of the jjudges whilst he is having a graind tpur -aroind the .world. :Wh i a judge should !lieae such rooyal consideration lio to ii- hi rhlilst` liihundreds of the public servanits have to .work for ma nicme' pittdiice wsithout any hope of a lengthy li oliday on lfull pay, is ia ques tionu. whiic can only :be accounted for by tlie fict that-it; is just\anotlier in stance of all the good things of -life, goilig to the main of sealth aid '-in fluence, whilst the poor members of the commnunity are tallowedeto stanid out ni- the cold. A number of samples of milk were obtained by the Geelong inspector some time ago, and -forwarded for analysis. The report received shows that out of eleven of the samples taken five. only were up to the standard. Prosec.i tions will be made against the vendors. of tle nimpure samples. At the Warrnamsbool A:N.A. competi tionis on Friday cvcmning, Mr F. L. Syer, of Geraingamete, won the prize for the District Championship Solo, also first prize for District Recitation. The Bishop of Ballarat, Dr Green, proposes to visit Colac in March-next. The following insolvency schedule was filod at Colac on Friday :-Robert Charles Hislop, of Irrewillipe,; liabili ties £6i/2/, assets £/116/, deficiency £60/S/2: causes, pressure of creditors and want of employment. man of the Select. Comnittee of the Legislative Assembly which, on the prorogation of Parliament, was in quiring into the best means of Cooniing with bush tires, has issued a circular. Presitdents of shlires are being asked, in view of the advent of the season in which bush hiros are most numerous, to prolit by the results of the Select Committee's inquiry as far as they have gone. Valuable work has hbila done by the volunteer bush fire bri gades already established, and consi tiering the simpe simpl easres necessary -to foram such brigades, andt the ecoim inicl way in which they could ba worked, councils are earnestly rcqtuest ?dl to take steps for their formation. Experience has shown that brigades could be established at a cost of £50 for a commencement. Water-cartsl holding 200 gallons, with a force .pump attached, which either sprays or throws a jet of water a considerable listanco, are essential ; ant it is also recoummended that a sullicient supply of leather beaters should IIb provided. Ii connecllltion wilth the ireeantiol iof hush fires. the mixiing of phosphorus for rabbit poison by inexplerin m, per sons is conlldemnllctl, an tll h Ie local bri gades are recommernlldt l to endleavor to induce farmers to protect their homes hr circular fire-breaks. Further infor nuition coult be obtained by conu ,nniciating with the ecretary of the aommittee (3r J'. UI Owen) at Ilhe State Parliamuent iotse. L..e are jying at the local rail way station awaiting- delivery to the following :-Baker. Brett, Bonney, Bil lings, Faweett, Down, tHolland, liar wood and Pincott, Gray, Jones, Ban listei. Sewell, Palmner" Hunter, Lowec White, Stone, Dairy Co., Davison, il on, Sumith. Butt and (Carr iotzau-,r Ierton, Finchai, Willi, D.o,naldsoni; 'loorc, Thomp?n' , Po'e,,l, Johiausn .,Cartlhy. Williamson, Ilandler Fer Euson, GrCenhill, Brovn, Nalional Bank, Jacobs, 31"Keinzie, Waller. Cole lIr an.l I-Mrs A. Lang. of Wreriln,, .8staind a mi d it bereaw'cenit oil Sat.r lay by the death of their daugohte.r, Iargaret, a year and nine months oId]. hile funeral will leave her parents' rc ;idence to-day, at 2 o'clock, for the 3eeae cnemeterv. The train from Port Fairy was Twvo ourns lato in-arrving at Colc on Sat'nday .,eea ilT. . . 