commonwealth gleanings. Raiainsr the Price of Milk. Owing to the scarcity of grass *nd the hicrh price of. feed, the Victorian milk producer! hare, decided to raise the price of milk. by. Id. per gallon from Monday next. Shiploads of Immigrants. Mr. Gent has received a letter from Carl Petersen, care of the Danish Consulate,-Mel bourne, stating that if given a special mission he would guarantee to bring as many ship loads of Scandinavian agriculturist* to Vic toria as would bo wanted. - - ' Art Union Prohibited. The Victorian Attorney-General his decided to prohibit an art union in the interests of the Mooroopna Hospital, ■ .except., in Respect to such as are wholly given, In making applica tion to be allowed to conduct the art uniou the committee said most of _ the prizes were donated, .but one of the principal ones, & gig, was to be' purchased at a reduoetf rito. Gold in Victoria* The discovery of gold in 1851 has been com memorated by a large marble statue designed and modelled-by Mr. C. Douglas'ttiohaidton for Bendigo, and it is expected that the work will be ready for unveiling about the beginning of March. It is the largest marble statue in Victoria, having been modelled from a piece of Carrara marble weighing 12 tons, the biggest block ever imported into . the .Sl»ta^...The., ; group is 9 ft. 6 in. high, and will be mounted on a pedestal of Harcourt granite, standing 15 ft. 6 in. The gold yield for December was 92,013 oz. gross, or 83,751 oz. fine, valued at: £355,748, making the total yield for. the year 810,050 oz. gross, or 747,106 oz. fine, equal in value to £3,173,744. _ This is a decrease of 110,987 oz. compared with the yield for 1904, but above the average of the previous 10 years, and much higher than that of the previous ;20' years. The total output since the first dis covery now amounts to 68,307,403 os., valued at £273.236,500. Fined fbroausing Bush Fires. A young man, Ernest A. Cooper, was sen | tenoed'to six. months' imprisonment at ^nallar | to-day for causing a number of bush fires. Elocution. At the A.N. A. musical and elocutionary competitions at Warrnambool recently Miss Lewis, of Adelaide, and Miss Mena Weber, tied with 96 Doints each for first prize in the competition for recitation in character. , They divided the first and second prizes, Imported Shorthorns. A" consignment of Shorthorn cattle, com prising three cows, a bull, and a beiferoalf, from noted Scottish herds, -bas arrived by the steamer Moravian, to the order of tbeMoboa ga Company. Damage by Lightning. The weather took a rather unexpected - turn to-day, and for a few hours a mild storm raged throughout, the city and suburbs; .. All Saints' vicarage at Preston, Victoria, was set on fire by lightning, but.the fiamea were extingoishsd before'much damage was done. About half a mile to the north of the vicarage a cow sheltering beneath a large pine tree-was killed^ the bark of the' tree being stripped froac. top. to bottom. 