OUR LONDON LETTER, ; FROM ODR CORRESPONDENT. LONDON, 9th November. An indication of the English view as to the sacredness of the "trade secrets" of which we have heard so much lately in connection with the Australian Commerce Act has been given . during a Parliamen- tary committee debate on the Census of Production Bill. Some members of tlie sommittce urged that the disclosure of any details of secret processes or confidential accounts by persons engaged in taking the .proposed industrial census should be made a felony, involving exemplary imprison ment. Seven years was suggested as a vpunishment that would fit the crime. Others thought that a fine of £100 should be added to whatever term of penal servi tude might be decided upon. Mr. Lloyd George, however, managed, as the Minister responsible for the bill, to persuade these virtuous enthusiasts out of some of their ardor. He argued that "it would be more conducive to the satisfactory working of the act to leave a certain discretion to the courts." Ultimately, on liis suggestion, it was agreed to adopt the penalties pro vided in the case of offences against the Official Secrets Act. It is there fore proposed that an offender under the Census Act shall be liable to imprison ment, with or without bard labor, for a period not exceeding two years, or to a fine, or to both imprisonment and a fine. Another clause added to the bill provides that "in compiling any report, summary of statistics or other publication, the Board of Trade shall not disclose in any manner whatever any of the particulars comprised in any. individual return, or arrange tlicm in any way which would enable any per son to identify any particulars so published as being particulars relating to any indi vidual or business." Mr. A. J. Thynne's recent remark (after studying Tooley-street) that the Austra lians were not getting the full value of their butter receives some support from a contributor to the "Times," who dis cusses the characteristic qualities of the various butters imported into this country. After describing the Danish butter, "which practically rules t-lie market," as being a pale, mild, sweet butter, containing from 10\. to II per cent, of water," lie says that, although the price obtained for it is usually one-tenth higher, "it does not pos sess the body and quality of the best grades of Australasian butters." The New Zealand is generally the best that comes from any oversea source. It is high color- ed, high flavored, full of body, more silky than Australian, and neither so grainy in texture nor quite so hard. The "Times" critic finds that the hiew Zealand producer gains an outstanding advantage in market ing through the superiority of the Govern inent grading in that colony. The best brands are offered as early as July to home buyers, who are invited to compete against one. another, and bid a price for deliveries between September and April. "Although working at great disadvantage, in that they incur speculative risks, those unable to do Without New Zealand butter are forced to enacavor to supply, their needs by forward purchase, knowing that if tlie price ten dered he not- thought sufficient, the offer .to . sell may he withdrawn and the butter consigned to salesmen, as is the best fac tory butter from Australia. Such market independence has been gained through the character the butter has earned by skilful manufacture and scrupulously careful grad ing." London has had for some lime a society interested in securing favor for the pro portional representation system. Among its principal members are Lord Avebury (president), Lord Courtney, Sir Henry Bomber, Sir John Gorst and Sir Frederick Bollock. The society now makes the in teresting announcement that it has decided to organise an illustrative election in Eng land on a large scale. Votes will he in vited through several agencies and in dif ferent parts of the country, the ballot papers subsequently collected, and- the re sult publicly declared. It is believed that "this demonstration will have a great edu cational- value 'in proving the ease and certainty of the electoral method advocated by the society." The proportional system has been embodied in the new constitution of Finland. In Belgium it has been used this year for the fourth time in Parliamen tary elections. The Swedish Government is -pledged to introduce a Proportional Re presentation Bill. And in France and Canada the system is increasing in favor among public men. The Australian who asks for Australian meat in an English shop usually asks in vain. It is still against the prevailing fashion among retailers of any pretensions to keep imported foods, or at least to ad mit that they are kept. "Nothing but home grown meat stocked here, sir," is the customary reply, or (if the inquiry be made at a restaurant), "we never serve imported meat— only English and- Scotch." At Smithfield, of course, a very different story is told. One need not ask. ' The truth proclaims itself. There are avenues of im ported meat— hundreds of tons of it, only labelled or branded. As a food it is far safer than some of the "home grown," on which the shopkeepers would have tlie public set so much store, if ouly for the reason that much of the latter is killed in private slaughter houses and escapes in spection. Horrible suggestions of the dan gerous sort of stuff that gets into consump tion through the slackness or with con nivance of -local inspectors are conveyed in a scries of letters which an indignant medi cal officer of health has been sending to the "Morning Post" during the last few months. Recently he stated that two cows "in the last stages of tuberculosis" were sold for food in the open market for 10/ each. Such "sales, ha says, are not rare or occasional; they are -a common practice. There is "a large country . cattle market where "obviously diseased animals are con stantly being sold as -food, arid this with- out 1 any attempt at concealment on the part of the vendors or any interference from the local, sanitary authorities." He gives the following list of recent Bales at places within -50 miles of the London mar ket:— Four bullocks, at from 10/ to 17/0 each; five bullocks, at from 20/ each; nine bullocks, at from 25/ to 40/ each. He took the trouble personally totrace the destina- the exception of one or two, they' were lulled in obscure slaughter houses and "sent to London for consumption." A survey of the work carried on by the Missions to Seamen which the Anglican church has established at the principal ports of Australia and New Zealand, in con junction, with the home authorities of the church, is about to he made by the general superintendent of the missions, the Rev. G. uson, who, after brief visits to Fre- mantle ana Adelaide,, will probably reach Melbourne in the first- week of January. He speaks very highly of the organising work so far done at Melbourne, Sydney, "Welling ton . Auckland and other centra in Aus tralia and New Zealand, and hopes that some extensions ot it can be arranged for when he has had opportunities of consult ing with the bishops and local marine au thorities. Mr. Wilson thinks -that his tour "will also bring many distant mission sta tions and workers into more personal touch with each other and with their fellow workers all round the coasts of tlie world, as well as with those responsible for the direction and unification of (die work at home." Tlie trust building mania has extended to Fiance. An attempt is being made to combine the producers of the cheaper class ot wines, at least for immodiate marketing purposes. The organisers' claim that, tlicv lnnV.nnmPtUued .280,000.000 out of the 300,0110,000 gallons produced in the southern £!; is „ it scheme is strengthened by adhesion of the Algerian vignerons. Bordeaux remains neutral. Trade authori ties consulted in Paris declare that monopo listic control of the branch industry as a whole is impossible. In tlie first place many of the smaller growers, whose aggre gate contribution to the year's production is very substantial, have a settled mistrust of combinations. These will stand out of any arrangement completed. And secondly, it is predicted that if a trust he formed the democratic spirit of the country will bring about the passing of n law for its suppression. This would he the more likelv to happen if, as appears to be tlie ease, the chief sufferers from a monopoly would be the poorer classes of the French people, and not foreign consumers. England, whieH cannot afford to admit the smallest addition to the poverty- stricken section of its foreign inhabitants, administers its Aliens Act with a weak blend of huinanitarianism and obstinate ad herence to a worn- out tradition. America, as j;ct by no means overcrowded, enforces its immigration law with daily increasing severity. In several cases this severity, though it has legal sanction, has become positive brutality. But the luw remains, and those who wield it escape the Ameri can humanitarians, if there are any who concern themselves with the claims of foreigners. A typical case has just come under notice. An Austrian named Dolores emigrated to the United States three years ago, prospered in business, and became a naturalised American citizen. In the mean time his wife and four children were left )/ Fans. A year ago ho sent for tlicm. Ihe children were admitted, hut the wife, then suffering from trachoma, was refused permission to land. She returned imme diately to Paris, underwent an expensive course of treatment, was certified as com pletely cured, and then travelled once more to New York. Again she failed to gain admittance. Tlie immigration authorities declined to accept the French certificate, transferred her from tlie steamer to tile Ellis Island depot, decided that her eye com plaint had not been cured, and ordered her deportation. AIr.N Dobres claimed that, as the wife of an American citizen, she was entitled to he let in, especially as there could be no fear that she would become a burden on public charity. But his appeal had no effect. Mrs. Dobres was for the second time obliged to leave her husband and children, and go back to Europe. London firms interested in the gold in dustry of the Transvaal continue to deny that there has been any appreciable decline of white labor in the mines, as a result of the employment of Chinese to supplement, and in some cases to replace, Kaffirs. Their critics assert the exact reverse. As a source, of rumor arid contradiction the Transvaal has long been to English people almost as perplexing as China. It will be a distinct relief to have a local Parliament in which both sides of the labor question can be clearly presented. Meanwhile a re port received by the "Chronicle" from Johannesburg declares that the mine owners' policy is leading to "widespread ruin" in the colony. It is anticipated that the railway revenue at the end of the year will be £600,000 below an estimate supplied to the Intercolonial Council only about four months ago, and the decline in traffic which this implies is said to he due mainly to a reduction in the food and other sup plies imported over the lines for the use of white people. Tlie prolongation of tlie in dustrial depression in the colony is no doubt due in part to the prevailing uncer tainty as to how the new constitution will work. Divestments of capital and the. starting of new enterprises are being post-1 polled as far as possible until after the elec tions. Members of the home Government continue in public speeches to hold up the constitution as a shining instance of the just application of "true Liberal prin ciples." But would any of them as private business men invest in Transvaal land or securities if the elections should result in a Boer majority? That is anything hut likely. Duelling will soon ho an expensive method of settling personal differences in France if a bill now before the Chamber of Deputies passes into law. It is proposed that anyone who wounds an opponent shall be liable to be imprisoned from three months to three years, and fined from 200 to 2000 f. Anyone killing an opponenl in a duel is liable to imprisonment ranging from one to five years, and a fine of 1000 to 10,000 f. Even a bloodless appearance on the field of honor is to be punished by im prisonment of one month to a year, and a fine of 100 to 1000 f. Seconds in a duel are to be regarded as aecomplices, and may be imprisoned from a month to a year, and fined as much as 1000 f. But. the severest blow of all to certain popular performers with pistol >tnd rapier is a proposal to pun ish publication of their exploits. Duels at tended by a dozen or a score of reporters, and as many photographers, will no longer he practicable, for any newspaper giving particulars of such encounters will he fined from 500 to 2000 f. 