MELBOUIW LETTER. ' ' (From Our Special Correspondent.) The plans and policies of the three Fe deral political leaders are now before the people of Australia, in their main features iit all events. It is possible, of course, that in some more or less important re spects, the forthcoming Federal session may modify or extend those plans; but at least we 'jknow now that; three parties will face the electors at the close of the year. It is plain, too, that the Labour pary in its outspoken resolve to light the iVClUlM3- Ull lilt,' OUUlililSdll lJUt5SUHJ.il, SUKl IU exterminate the Deakin remnant, has de termined the issue which must bo left to the people to decide. Wo gather, from frequent expressions of opinion in influ ential political .and mercantile circles, that protectionists themselves are sick of the triangular duel which Mr. Deakin seeks to continue. They see at last that the highest interests of Australia at the pre sent moment are bound up with, not the protectionist question, but the fight against Socialism and the impossible domination of the Trades Hall faction. The first thing the people, whether protectionist or free traders, have to do is to make up their minds that the tendency towards Social ism, and every influence in our politics which helps to encourage it, must be sum marily stopped at the next Federal elec tions. That is the people's opportunity to restore responsible government; and that they will seize and exercise it we have scarcely any reason to doubt. The extent and nature of the political organisation . movement is a sufficient indication of that. 'We n*ay as a people quarrel over the fiscal, or any other, _issue afterwards; but anti Socialism is tire work which. lies nearest to our hands. It is pointed out, more over, that if the Reid party in Parliament will consent to and assist in a rectifica tion of Tariff, anomalies during the closing session; or even if, failing such immediate rectification, they will pledge themselves to effect Tariff amendment in the new Parlia ment in accordance with the 'majority report' of the Tariff Commission, the di vision of parties at the forthcoming elec- 1 tions will be clearer and more pronounced. For, in that event, protectionists, who ] have lost all faith in Mr. Deakin, and , who are willing to postpone fiscalism to a more- convenient date, will have no hesi- i tation in giving their votes to the Reid ; candidates as the opponents of the Labor- ! Socialists. Mr. Deakm lias placed himself j in an embarrassing situation by his own misused ingenuity ; and he will probably j be reminded in December that the people have no use for a statesman of his ca- ? libre. He is, as one critic remarks, 'but another example of the tremendous mis take made by politicians who take the aphorism about the public having short memories too literally.' And ho adds, 'even his friends will not be able to sym pathise with the Prime Minister after he has brought about his own downfall, be- j . ? ? v«iuo\3 uiio (Jen ^axii aix? vujlt^ic* \,\j W-UV/iuovic v x^i will helD him, Socialist or anti-Socialist, is too clumsy, to evoke anything but de rision.' Even his journalistic champion in Melbourne seems at a loss for anything in the Deakin policy upon which to base its_ advice to the electors; and, failing that, it returns to its old practice of abusing the Opposition leader with a rancour which must be 2ottin-r quite nauseous to its most patient and consistent readers. W It * * * 1 It is claimed by some of the more pro minent Labor-Socialist politicians that the ?Socialistic doctrine they seek to effectuate is 'no more than 'a fixed purpose of revo lutionising industry through politics.' It is a. dangerous experiment; and it is too extreme, and its results too problematical, to commend itself to the people of Austra vlilv7~The fact is, there is a lot of sham talked by Labour politicians who, for the sake of tactics and 'bluff,' attempt to convince the people by arguments and doctrines which will bear no close scrutiny. The Belgian Socialist lecturer who privately condemned Marx's theory of 'surplus va lise,' while publicly maintaining it, is ty pical of a large number of latter-day La bor agitators, claiming, like him, that they . cannot afford to embarrass their cause by displaying doubts about the theories on which it is believed to rest. The Federal electors, however, will scarcely be influ enced by any such considerations. They want to know precisely what this Labour Socialism means, what ite, effect must be iipon industry and enterprise ; and this explanation is the laudable aim of the- an- ti-Socialism crusaders, of whom Mr. Reid is chief. To the average member of the community the 'revolutionising of indus try, through politics' is a meaningless phrase. Translated into plain language it stands for the nationalisation of land and industries, capital and instruments and means of production, distribution, and ex change; for 'experimental Socialism,' that is, of a most mischievous and danger ous kind. And behind it, as part and par cel of it, is the o!d and exploded doctrine of the 'equality of all men.' All men. are not equal. Differentiation is a fixed na tural 'law; there are no two men equal or alike ; and individualism and competition muse uetermino which shall survive in the endless struggle for existence, intellectual. industrial, commercial or what not. To say that a clover man and an idiot aro equally valuable to a community is to pro voke laughter everywhere except amongst those cranks who hold that it is the duty of society to make up to the imbecile for his shortage of brains by a plentiful sup ply of creature comforts. The modern Democracy — and the one which appeals to progressive and enlightened. Australians is widening to this, that if the individual citizen is to consider the welfare of all, all must likewise take thought for the wel fare, of. the individual. In place of the nonsensical revolutionary cry of the equa lity of all men, we now have the. prin ciple that democracy must remove all un reasonable obstructions ix* the social util ity of individuals. Democracy has to obli terate the old unnatural inequalities of men productive of the greater good. Yet the original hunger of Socialism was for 'absolute equality,' the most unnatural and cruel treatment of «Nat lire's unequal .men. And the attempt to enforce this un reasonable equality amongst, people who are not equal has accounted for the 'utter failure of Socialistic and Communistic settlements wherever they have been tried. * * * ? * * Defence, we are assurd, will occupy th attention of the Federal Parliament during the closing session. And, so far as naval and coastal defence is concerned, some im portant suggestions by the Naval Director may bo discussed and adopted. Captain Cressweil has been sent to England to con fer with the Imperial Council of Defence, and to inquire personally in to the cost of establishing an Australian navy. It is an I ticipated that the Imperial Council's re port and the Naval Director's comments , thereon, will be available when Parliament reassembles. We seem to be at the be ginning, of a great Imperial movement which has for its object the encourage ment of each one of the dependencies of the Empire in undertaking a naval defence policy of its own. If we are to be a ua j tion, we must be a maritime nation. And | to that end we must have (1.) a navy, how ever humble its beginnings ; and (2) an Aus tralian mercantile marine of. hardy, skill ; ed and patriotic seamen who, in time of i national peril, will man our Warships with 'some of the most daring and skilled ma riners afloat. In this latter connection, I the Navigation Commissioners' report is of supreme importance. Its recommenda tions, if adopted, would rescue seamanship and the mercantile marines from the con tempt into which it has apparently fallen ; and would make the profession of the sea ; a calling worthy of Australian lads. It is \ at least encouraging to note that Federal Ministers and members are now thorough ly alive to the paramount importance of ! naval defence. They recognise at length j that, in devoting attention to military i schemes they were in reality putting the j cart before the horse. Moreover, in mi- j litary matters, the_ old hostility — foster- j ed by the 'professional soldier' element — against the rifle movement is disappear ing. Just as in our naval policy, we re^ quire a strong naval reserve, created in j the merchant service, so. in our military policy, we shall have to fall back unon a citizen soldiery, skilled in the use of the rifle, and whose rifle practice shall be abundantly encouraged and subsidised through the Rifle Clubs. Admittedly, there have been many mistaken in seeking to shape a broad and comprehensive po licy of national defence, both naval and military; but legislators are learning wis dom by experience, and the blunders of the past, may be turned to excellent ac count in the immediate future. * * * * K 1 '? The Northern Territory problem presses for a solution, and, whether they like it or not. Federal legislators, of this or a succeeding Parliament, will need to come to terms with South Australia with refer ence to taking it over. There are covetous eyes, in Europe and Asia, cast towards our vast and - enormously rich northern area, which some shallow political nonen tities are pleased to term a 'white ele phant.' The teeming millions, of Asia will, in less than another decade, have to be provided somewhere and somehow with fresh space. And what more natural than ♦?hat they should look to the Northern Ter ritory of Australia as an ideal place for settlement? Already an influential writ jer, who holds a responsible position under the Indian Government, urges that the [Territory would afford an excellent dump i ing ground for two or three hundred thou sand Hindoos. These 'black subjects of ibis Majesty,' says he, could scarcely be objectionable to Australians, and. would' develop and help to defend against aggres- j sion this valuable Commonwealth area. The suggestion may be regarded as pre posterous; but, unless the Federal Govern ment takes prompt and effective steps to take over and people ifc with white sett lers, the Territory may, in spite of all ro i monstrances, pass in the bands of colored races, whether 'subjects of his Majesty' or otherwise. The mere mention of such a thing is repugnant to the Australian mind. This is to be, now and always, a country for white men, and as far as pbss ,ib'e the antipodean home of men and wo men of our own race. We hold this heri j tage in trust for them ; but, thus far, at I all events, our Federal legislators are al- ' iTiiost wholly unmindful -of the trust. Fo 1 deral members and Ministers, more espe cially Mr. Deakin, express anxiety to en- j courage desirable immigrants, to 'adver- tise, -energise, and subsidise' Australian immigration, if only they had control of the Innrl whereon to settle the immigrants. j ?n.-i'cp'.l fit in relation to fV Northern Ter ritory, this nlleizoc! anxiety, is an idle pro tonce, a shamefu) trifling with the people's trust and confidence. For horo, at their hand and at the price of its accumulated debt of £3.000,000. is the Northern Terri tory, awaiting settlement and development by white immigrants, and which would give to the Federal authorities all the land they would need for immigration pur poses for the next ten or fifteen years. And. so far from being a 'white elephant,' those who spoak from expert knowledge and a close acquaintance'' with its possi bilities tell us that, with wise administra tion and suitable settlement, the Terri tory would become one of tlie wealthiest areas in the Commonwealth. j The Victorian Premier claims to be something of an expert in finance ; and he l)oints to his surplus exploits as some evi dence of his skill. The evidence is hardly convincing; but, at the same' time, Mr. Bent's utterances on matters financial. eon-' body sum© sound wisdom and practical sense. At Maldon last week he told his audience that he 'intended to prepare a speech' on the relation of the States and tlie Federation under the Braddon clause. And we gather that, before or during the Federal election campaign at the close of ther year, Mr. Bent will tour Victoria ex pounding his financial views and advising the -electors what, they ought to do. Very properly he complained of the amazing in competence, and perhaps indifference, of Federal legislators in dealing with the i financial question. The ? views of the States' Treasurers have been semi-officially laid before the Commonwealth Ministry through the medium of the Conferences at I Hobart and Sydney ; and they, have either been rejected as preposterous, or neglected 1 in the quiet assurance that 'the law would take its course' when the 'book-keeping' period expired, and the .Braddon clause terminated in 1911. Alternatively, a 'fix- ed payment' suggestion was thrown out by Mr. Deakin, with the remark that the Treasurers could take io or leave it, and that the Federal electors would doubtless endorse the action of their representatives in the Commonwealth Parliament. That, Mr. Bent considers, is an altogether gra tuitous assumption ; and we are led ±o expect that when his. 'prepared speech' shall have enforced Federal financial inep titude in ail its nakedness, the matter will bear an entirely different complexion. Like Mr. Carruthers, in the parent State, Mr. Bent favours a specific appeal to the people of Victoria.. The people would be asked to say (1) Whether they are in favor of an indefinite continuance of the Brad don clause ; and (2) if not. would they be prepared to accept the 'fixed payment' proposal made by the Federal Premier. Yet, it is not easy to see how the difficulty could be disposed of in this summary man ner. The whole question is intimately bound up with, and cannot be considered apart from, the consolidation of the States debts; and not only those debts existing at tho- date of Federation ; but those crea ted since that date, the consolidation of which, will require an amendment of the Commonwealth Constitution. It is to be, feared, therefore, that Mr. Bent's fire works, however entertaining as a mere display, will serve little practical use in arriving at a final solution of this pecu liarly perplexing problem. State experiments in closer settlement and intense cultivation will be pushed a step further by the amended Small Hold ings Bill, to be introduced as soon as Par liament reassembles. Our legislators are now fully convinced that the average ho.ld ing in Victoria is much too large to be pro fitably worked, and. they are equally cer tain that a modified scheme, founded on the Danish system principally^ will immen sely increase the productive wealth and output of the State. The aim is to create a number of small settlements, the settlers being placed on small holdings, with ade quate railway and marketing facilities. Advances will be made, repayable over ex tended periods, for the purpose of enabling the settlers to build their homesteads, stock the land, and purchase such imple ments and the like as they may require. Moreover, it is suggested that each settle ment should bo under the direct superin tendence and supervision of a specially selected and thoroughly capable- practical farmer. There is just a possibility, too, that the Government will amend the draft measure which Ministers have prepared during the recess, so as to nrovide for the Government erecting all the homesteads at its own expense ant] in its own uniform way, as a means of saving: time and money. In this connection, the Minister of Agri culture draws attention to an object les son in settlement afforded by an enterpris ing Gippsland land-owner. This gentle man cut up an estate of 6000 acres into iioiuixigs viuyiii)* iruui J.uu- tu xuw auica. On each of these he built a comfortable cottage, stables, milking sheds and wind mills, and established a butter and cheese factory on the estate. All that the appli cants for holdings were required to do was to provide their own stock ; and to carry on operations under the supervision and accordin- to the methods advised by the land-owner or his accredited representa tive. Though the experiment is only of comparatively recent inception, its suc cess is already abundantly assured ; and ifc has appealed so strongly to the ?practical mind of the Premier and Mr. Swinburne, that the State measure may be re-drafted in some important respects to _ accommo date the results of this experiment. Tt is suggested, too, that in many instances with land of exceptional value, the hold ings could be made still more profitable by being reduced in area. That is a matter upon which tho opinion of Parliament is to bo sought and accepted. The earnest endeavour which is being made to unite tlie churches and to end the strife of creeds, is being watched with keen interest, as well as by those who stand aloof from the churches as by thoss within the. respective folds. In every sense, it !s a significant movement, the u ultimate effects are not yet. And, though s £., its progress may be slow at first, we have ~ ^ no reason to doubt its ultimate triumph ' , over all kinds of bigotry which, at best _»~ - I is, as a cynic has it. 'the sincerity of the /? -- stupid.' The increase of religious tolor ance at the present day, particularly in a '-?-' community such as this which is resolved . ^ '.V to shako itself free of shallow convention, . ^f is one of the most conclusive proofs that we are making moral progress side by side 'V 'V. -with material and national prosperity. ^^ It is unhappily true that there aro still - ''- ' people who would like to persecute all r ' other sects but their own. These, how- '' f- i_™ over, are but in a small minority, and can only snarl impotently amongst themselves _ __. when they see a broadminded public opir - #- nion insisting on a fair field and no favour for every shade of religious belief. ' It *s th'ev who are at present raisins: their voice ? against tho invitation which the Archbish op of Melbourne. Dr. Clarke, has extend- ~~ ed to Dr. Marshall arid Dr. Fitch ett' to ' ~~ read the lessons in St. Paul's. But tha step is, with, these exceptions, very highly commended by all classes, who recognise the broad common-sense and sound judg ment which Dr. Clarke baa exorcised. Whether in Australia, or in some of tho more enlightened nations of the old world religious tolerance, which was the hope less ideal of the best minds half a century ago, is, to-day, the possession of the ave rage civilised man; and, it is one of tho grandest facts in the modern history oi mankind. After nineteen centuries of a religious theory, which made charity- - that is, sympathy — the highest of the rel' - -f , jrious virtues, it is much to have reached at last ^an epoch when the sects can ac tually practise it towards one another. _ „ Nor need we despair of such an undertak ing as the formulation of a single anrl scientific religious creed, such as Sir Oliver Lodge has advocated for five years past. He recognises that, while the spirit of mankind has mellowed wonderfully, tin letter of the creed retains all the old harsh crudities with which they were charged when perf ervid religious sentiment expres sed itself in such phenomena as the Mas sacre of Saint Bartholomew, or the perse cutions of Queen Mary. It is a spirit whol ly at war with the broad tolerance of th' 20th century ; and only when it gives place to the scientific and 'Philosophic rea soninf of the age, will the church — tlu united church — be enabled to fulfil its tru«» _ mission and to gather to itself the besb intellects of the day. There will, in such an event be no reason to distinguish be tween Christianity and Churchianity ? be- — - tween religion, which appeals to the heart, and theological creed and dogma, which appeals only to the head. We should ejet back to the simple and noble ideals of th'1 first century, which have been obscured if not whollv lost siaht of. by 'centurias of bisrptry, intolerance, and the never-ceasing strife of the theologians. The Director of Education in. this State is nothing unless practical., His latest; suggestion to establish a close connection between the State schools and the leading business houses and industrial establish ments for tho purpose of giving our brainy youngsters a good start in life, is as ex cellent in itself as it is timely and wel come. It is a suggestion which, like Pope's definition of wit. 'oft was thought, bub ne'er so well expressed.' It' is clear, tbo, that, when' once it is established,' the scheme would operate to the; advantage f-f employers and employees alike. Tlie em ' » ployer would receive a smart boy or gill upon ~the recommendation Of those who had watched his or her educational pro gress and noted his or her particular char acter and aptitude. The parent, whose perennial problem is 'what to do with our boys, or girls,' would be relieved of an xiety in the choice of a suitable profession or occupation ; and the pupils themselves, at tho close of their educational career, would find the reward of their merit in a t splendid start in life. It is assumed, how ever, that in each case, tho employer to whom the youngster is recommended is / above reproach. That perhaps, is rather a random assumption in these d,ays when legislators tell usthat the mercantile com munity is 'reeking with corruption,' and commercial immorality. Yet it is fair to * anticipate that the .State in the exercise t of this quasi-parental duty -of starting a bov or girl in life, will act with circum spection. It would scarcely, for instanco, hand over its brainy, youngsters to the rascally butter agents, whose malefactions Butter Commission. Possibly; this is an ticipating a difficulty which may never arise. There is an abundance of highly - - rospected and eminently respectable com mercial houses, and financial and indus trial concorns, in which a boy with brains ? and sound elementary education would find splendid opportunities for advance ment. Many of Victoria's merchant prin ces of the future, it is. fair to anticipate, will owe much, very much to the present practical proposal which Mr. Tate so ear- , , nestly advocates. . *, - 