ECHOES FROM LONDON. [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, July 27. — Inter-Parliamenlarv Conference. — ? Foremost among several striking speeches in favour of international arbitration was the eloquent discourse uf MV. W. J. Bryan, the one-time candidate for the United States Presidency. He touched the weak |)lucc in arbitration as at yucsent under stood when he remarked that 'Certain questions affecting the honour or integrity of a nation are considered outside -of the sphere of ;i Court of Arbitration, and these arc the questions wliich have tdven trouble. l'assion is not often aroused by questions that do not affect a nation's integrity or honour, and for fear these questions may arise arbitration is not always employed where it might be employed.' Hi* own tunendment -o the draft treaty of arbitra tion, he thought, by *ccurinR an investiga tion of the facts. u|«irt from the question of honour, would Rive time for calm con sideration, and would prevent irritation consequent on a mutual misconception of the essential facts in dispute. 'Man ex cited,'' added the speaker umid laughter and clieen:, 'is a very different animal from a man film, and questions ought to be settled not by pas&ion; but by deliberation. If this would do notjiing else but give time for reflection, for deliberation, for convene, that would be sufficient reason for its adop tion. If we can but stay the hand of war until conscience can assert itself, war would be made more remote. When men arc mad they swagger around and tell what they can do: when they arc calm they con sider what they ought to do.' The speaker also siid that 'Uie third advantage of this investigation is that it gives opportunity to mobilize public opinion for the compel ling of a peaceful settlement, and that is un advantage not to be overlooked.' The social side of the conference has not been forgotten. On July 25 the member*, to the number of 1.200, were entertained at luncheon in Westminster Hall, when tha Lord Chancellor and the Deputy Speaker presided. At the Lord Chancellor's table were the French, Gcrmau, Russian, Aus trian, American, and Spanish Ambassa dors, the XonveifHan, Roumanian, Servian, Portuguese. Belgian. Danish, and Greek Ministers, and others. The toasts of the Kinc and of all the sovereigns and heads of the States represented at the conference were proposed by the Lord Clinncellor .and the Deputy Speaker respectively, and were enthusiastically received. After the luncheon the pucsts paid a visit to Wind sor Castle by invitation of the King, and after being conducted over the State apart ment* and the terraces were entertained at tea. Count ApponvL on behalf of the visitors, requested Lord Esbcr to convey to His Majesty their grateful thank* for his gracious hospitality, it being utated that the visit to Windsor was suggested sponta neously by the King. —Tonne Winston Eloquent.— Mr. Winston Churchill, sneaking . at Cockcrmoutb on behalf of the Liberal can: d.date in the by-election pending there, re ferred to the Chinese labour question in South .Africa an one which the Government waa settling satisfactorily at lart. He men tioned that on November 30 the importa tion of Chinese would stop ra far as the Hritish Government was concerned, and he earnestly trusted it coiikl never be re *-l-cncd. These important stet«, proceeded the speaker; were not all. They were go ing to give the itcoplc of the Transvaal Boer and Briton alike — power of managing their own affairs ami cxpreeanivg for the first time their opinion on these extraor dinary transact ioa«s; and he hoped the built of the new Parliament in the Trans vaal might mean the dawn of a brighter era in tlmt country, and that two of the most valiant nations in the world, instead of striking .it each other in a futile' and suicidal way, would join hands. Mr. Chnrchill also referred to the Education Bill, and said that he thought Catholics had been unnecessarily alarmed about its not giving them enough of Uic snecial liberty for which they asked, and when it had been working for three yean nihe tcntlis of this clamour would have died out*. They would sec tlut it \nu a Bill not hostile to Catholic interests und a Bill that secured to t hem a considerable measure of all that they were working for. Mr. Chun-hill concluded a. forceful and hopeful sjkjccIi by saying tltut the Government were doing their work as hard and as fast ;is they could, and In; appealed to Cocker mouth to give him a message of encourage ment to Sir Henry Ounpbcll-Hanncnmui, the people's 1'remicr, who ttvo days ago made a speech which encouraged the friends ol freedom in whatever land they may drvell, and ;iL-»- gave to the anxious- na tions of the earth a practical ossurace of the pcific intentions of Great Britain, which seemed to indicate that the hideous struggle ot nation with nation, of building ships and improving the munitions of war —that ludeous race along the. mud to ruin — w.w at length drawing to an end, and; that with the dawning of the twentieth century we were coming under a brighter :ind clearer sky. — Goodby, Guards!— ' The third battalions of the Grenadiers and Colds! reams are selected for dislmnd diicnt iu connection with Mr. Haldune's scheme of army economy. The men arc still doing doty at the barrack* in Lon don, but a number of them will soon bava , their final guard mounting at Buckingham I jPnlace— a very picturesque ceremony l.y. , the way. Tlie men of the disbanded rc/i- 'I ments 'will not fuffcr any hardship on ac count of the matter, for those who do not care to accept the offered bounty of .^10 for transfer to a line regiment will he drafted when opportunity oilers l«- tho other Guards battalions, or pa** lo the re serve. The officers, howercr, may be more seriously inconvenienced by the ehanse, ] especially in Hie case of those of supcrmr i rank, who may have to wai: a considcrablo i time before they secure a suitable billet. —Pity the Postmen.— Among the: jfricvanccs of Luudon post men which arc being fnquired into hy a select committee at the Hon.«c of Commons is one which will not be coini-l;'inwl of ly similar worker* in Australia till the l-:- towns there shall have become as overcrowd- , ed, and therefore as given to the cicviioa of 'sky scnuicr' buildin?^. as is tie «.*.i-e in London. The posrmen of the inttit-|-oli.{- ; say that they arc compelled to get through an incrcanntr and trying iunoiint uf ^t.nV : work, for there are comparatively few «f j the toll dwelling where lifts nre available for the weary postal official, and to deliver i letters half a dozen times a day means tlio climbing of an incredible nunilier of four I or fire story houses. The medical aspect I of the question is realized by the Postm.tf- j tcr-General to be of great imporUncc. anil | an enquiry .into the matter is U- br con- -j ducted by two medical men, one represent ing the department and the other the Post men's Federation. —The Housing Problem.— ^The problem of bousing the working Classes both in town and country is one which is difficult of solution, seeing that where wages are fair refcts seem to ri*; | automatically; whereas m out-of- the-way districts, where cottages are obtainable at a weekly rentil of -anj- thing from a nhillinc upwards, the agricultural or other labourer counts himself passing rich on about 14/ a week. In the home counties, again, tlicn: is the further difficulty that many local i councils forbid the erection of cheap wood en cottages or tin bungalows. They do things better sn Holland, according to the re port ^f a Dutch Government inspector. T-i | the House of Commons committee appoint ed to conoidcr the housinjr of the Working Glasses BUI. Mr. John Fabcr, of Fricsland. stated tbat in many districts in Holland tbe people built their own dwellings. He j handed in photographs of wooden houses with no upper story, which, he said, wore built for £5 each. Photographs of mud huts were afterwards shown, and the wit ness said be had known these dwellings sold for 3/ each with the ground. There were stringent ?bylawB in some places, bnt they could not be enforced. A roan musb have. a house, and his friends and neigh bours helped him to build one in a day. —Rifle Crabs and National Defence.— That the Secretar? of State for War (Mr. Haldanc) has. not only obtained the advice most competent to aid him in apply ing the -results of his own mind's study of. the army problem for tbe bc&t; advan tage of the nation but tbat in tho f.-u-e of much ,haV-eomp]imcntary comment and semkidverse criticism he v- making effi cient use of bis position in the Cabinet to organize army reform systematically ir ob vious. It is no longer on abstract ques tion. The plan is in operation, slowly hut rarely, and, his statesmanship must, be judged by results which, can onlv be deve loped as time goes on. His dncr com parison of the condition at which lie aims to a steel cone has touched tlic public ima gination. . In a speech to Mr. Stmchcy's rifle clubs ho has just told the riflemen that:— i*Tho national army should be like h cone with a very sharp apes of the finest- - tempered stcd: that represents the highly trained regular arm}', -which in the first line. Then you come to what is still very hard mctaL which comes between that and tlie base: there you get that section of the people who take cngagementa for war and who are trained for war. and arc paid to be trained for war in order that, when war breaks out. they may take the place of the I regular soldiers. . Then you come to the base, at which .the metal may he softer;* *-.- but it is a metal which will harden under I blows, and it is that. 'base' which ought in I be as big and broad ax you can possibly make it.' Lord Suffield and the other dircctortf of .the 'Westminster Kledrical Supply Corporation have established a miniature rifle' range for the use of their employes in their generating station, Gros venor soimre; Tliercaro already ISO hicm liers. There is a floor space of full 100 ft. There are 800 rifle clubs affiliated to tho National Rifle Association. — Penhywise Naval Economy.— Economy, seems to .lie the order of the. day in tlie navy as well as in tbe army, much to tho disgust of the men in both 'services who are to be dismissed by the Government schemes.- of reduction. The twe threatened battalions of Guards are already broken up, in spite of .vigoroun pro tests from their friends. . Now it in tho turn of the Naval Defence Committee o£ London to protest against the Government proposals with regard to the navy, \vhk-h tl cy do in tbe following terms:— -]n view of tbe imTHisc which is being made in tlm liavieB of other mercantile Powers, this committee -strongly deprecates any proposa I wbidi will tend to curtail the naval pro gramme by reducing the number of nciv ships, the provision of which has been con sidered necc(«5ir-' by. the liigticst navstl authorities.*' —Mr. Beit's Bequest?.— The late Sir. Beit's total bequestsare some- thing over the colossi sum of two and a ouartcr millions. While the bulk of these arc for Empire purpose, and in cash, the City of Hamlnirp legacy— a big estate Wrth several thousands of pounds, with ^t'20.000 for charitable institutions— shows that the deceased millionaire was not in ^ei^iUe to ilie claims of the Fatherland. Ope is not sumriHed to find that the bulk . of the Beit millions will be laid oat in the opening up of Africa by means of railways, telegraph, and telephone, for the late finan cier's interest in this branch of Empire n.f.kin; was well known. The will gives liis views on the matter in the following words:— 'I believe that by the promotion of railways, telegraphs, and telephones, and kindred methods of transmission, civiliza tion will be best advanced and expedited in Africa for the benefit of the inhabitants, whether native or immigrant, and I know irom experience how difficult it is at times to find the funds for the construction of Mich methods of transmission in new and undeveloped countries.' —Mr. Beit Fulfils Gladstone's Prophecy.— The mn^niiicent prospect suggested by the bequest of Mr. Beit towards the Cape to Cairo Railway has brought to the minds r.f some people a singularly appropriate, nlheit half -forgotten, dictum of the late Mr. Gladstone on the importance of establish* in), a certain foothold in Egypt when he remarked that 'our first site in Egypt, be it by larceny or be it by emotion, will be the almost certain egg of a North African Jjr.pire that will grow and grow until an r.ther Victoria and another Albert, titles of the lake sources of the White Nile, come ?uiihin our borders, and until we finally jnin hands across the equator with. Natal »nd Capetown, to say nothing of the Transvaal and Ihe Orange River on the couth, or of Abf«sinia or Zanzibar to be ?-wallowed by way of viaticum on our joor J1C7.' —For England's Fleet.— The official estimate of the probable cost «»E building the Dreadnought/b £1,678,777, n« compared with £l,73B$i5 for the ar snourcd cruiser Invincible, now being con fctructed at Elswick, while the King's new inrbine yacht, the Alexandra, is estimated to vest £136.709. The armament of the Dreadnought is 10 12-in. guns, with 27 12-pr. quickfirinK anti-torpedo boat suns (sepa rated from each other as widely as pos sible, so that all shall not be disabled by -in* or two heavy shells), and with also Jive submerged torpedo tubes. The main armour belt lias a maximum thickness of 31 in. The other ports are in proportion, and .-pecial attention has been given to Ku'eznardintr the ship from nnder-water ex .l-i-- Mon. Ihe speed intended is 21 knots, and the vessel, with the Invincible and In «lt notable, will be completed in 190S-9. The details concerning the Dreadnought have ?hitherto been kept a strict secret. —The Hated Motor Car.— \- The motor bos and the private motor car ?have so evidently a sound reason for claim ing a place in this hurrying age that it wtmsii pity that, on the one hand, their tli-l rat tors refuse to recognise their merits; and, on the other, that their promoters do not put forth every energy without loss of time to abate the defects which are set tins the general public against them. As tvn-» pointed out by Lord Montagu,- him Fcif one of the most skilful and enthusiastic motorists in the kingdom, in the recent de huts on the motor in the House of Lords, the automobile was at first denounced as a rich man's luxury riding roughshod over the amenities of the poor; but now that it ha* become, in the shape of the motor liu-. a poor man's convenience it is de ncimced as interfering with the amenities of the rich. There is a certain amount pf ?justice in the charges brought against it in both connections. The difficulties are ? -iu? to the fact that the motor is as yet in the inception stage only. As pointed out by the Commissioner of Police, the period ot grace which ought to be permitted to .the experimental stage is running out. and lie has promised that the powers of the police shall now be exercised to abate the ? ucrst nuisances. Motor buses vary greatly .in the matters of noise, smell, and vibra .iron. In the matter of motor nuisances, as in all cases where poor human nature Las free play, the difficulty varies in each individual case. There are motor buses which are quite reasonably quiet, and ?whose odour and vibration are compara tively inoffensive; there are also motors ?which proclaim aloud that their owners, maker?, and drivers are determined to go on their way as long as they are allowed ;it the cost of their neighbours' comfort. It is now- time, in the public interest, tint ;the worst offenders should be dealt with and a certain standard of inoffensiveness be ii-iited upon. — Xew Facsimile Transmitter.— .' The inventor of the auto-telegraph claims for it that by its use drawings, maps, vharts. shorthand note*, and writing can be -cnt over a single electric current to practi cally any distance. The instrument is sira Vlc in dea-ien- It may, broadly speaking, be Kiid to be based on the principle' of the old iii!-hioned rantoentph used1 to copv draw ings and plans; but the auto-telegraph is far more accuiate in working than the panto graph, and deals with immenee distances. Araouz.tbc obvious advantages of the in vention are its not needing the services of a skilled operator, while it may be worked) Jiy means of any ordinary telegraph or tele phone wire. Perfect accuracy, coupled with extreme rapidity, is secured for the trans xaittion of all kinds of writings, scrip. « I rawing*, and plans reproduced by itx means, and as its inventor (Mr. BraunJ pointed out at a practical and highly suc cessful demonstration of its -powers, ifa -would effect a savins of 73 per cent, of the iv^-tt- ]iaid to telegraph operators. — 'Xnts' on Gooseberry Tart.— The taste for pastry is generally thought io be acquired, although the average school boy finis it very easy to develop it: and it ji»«v -e«n.s that the same readincw to adapt liic demand to the supply is shown occa sionally in le*w likely quarters. At any rate ;i writer to The Field newspaper tells the \- iliicr iJwl he knows of a w'liirrel that U t-o fond of the dainty mentioned that he has l.eeii .-ysti'i-Ettically robbing the writer'* ]ai-ler of thr void tarts placed there in readiness for other consumers. The cook had for Fonie time noticed the disappear ance ot the tacts, with butter, jellv. and ??old vrsetalile*. and found that the route 1-T which the latter has been carried away Ma* nnirked out liy a trail of piecat of cruse through the window into the garden. The matter was .a . mystery till . one day. .cau-. tiously opening the door of the larder, she perceived the big brown tail of the maraud i-s siuirrel whisking liaU'dy out of the win dow. Sad to relate, on Jiw next visit the jsirdcner. having caught the creature in lJiwrante delicto. took its life. —The Good Old Times.— Mr. Will Crooks. MJ».. who, an Chair inan of the Poplar Board of- Guardians.1 it ftancbly defending it from the charges »f undue expenditure -brought against it tl.innz the Local Government .Board en quiry uow pending; lias not 'forgotten the tint.- when he was himself a boy in the Moikhouptf. lie was not a liapity lad either. a* he frankly admitted in evidence; for the old diiys. though satisfactory to the eoo rumic-illy minded ratepayer*, were by no mumi us -.i to the hungry, ill- clothed, and generally ill-treated inmates. Mr.. Crooks told one or two sad stories of the .lack of discipline, the brute force which reigned Miprenic in the workhouse, the neglect of oidi nary cleanliness everywhere, the food, 'chiefly skilly, to which the rats had had ?atces* before the paupen»'-^-and of how he -one day .-an- his father coming towards him with hi* jtocket* lnilgin;* out with suet pud dins which h-- had saved up for the boy's r-nnefit. but which was promptly confis cated hy the labour master. During the Ion;: course of the enquiry Mr. Crooks has '^frequently shown hU sturdy independence of thought, characteristic fearlessness, and liumour. While being cross-examined by 'Mr. Ifohb ho said:— -A* to the Charity Organization Society, that body represent ed itself only; the Poplar Guardians repre sented tin- people. Mr. Rohb— T» not that t.'-pical of the arrpjtince of the Poplar Guardians*— Well, after all. it is only a mannerism. No one who did not know vou would take you to be a genial chap. The more we see of you the more we like you. The marvel is that, in spite of .all that bus been alleged against us, the feed ins of the needy and so on, we have only a rate in Poplar of 4/7, representing 2d. in ' Westminster. Why. you ought to lie proud of ox.' The allegations against the guar- j dians of reckless expenditure have been backed up by astounding details. —The 'Squatter's'' Resources.— There is no relaxation of the efforts of the unemployed landgrabbers at Manches-I ter and Plaistotv to curry out their inten- 1 tion of helping themselves; but there is also no yielding in the attitude of hostility adopted by the landholders they have dis possessed, and before long it U expected that they will receive ungentle hints to quit. Meanwhile the unemployed arc tak- 1 ing life as easily a» may be. and varying the tedium ot discing and scedplanting br listening to the inflammatory *|-ccclics ot . their leaders, and to the more or less sar castic comments of their numerous visitors, and by frequent collections among the lat ter to supply their daily wants. At present the gifts iu kind are liberal enough to al low the men to fare almost sumptuously and even to invite their families to an al fresco tea occasionally. Still, there are the drawback? that their wages, being depen dent on the libemlitv of the visitors afore said, are scanty and irregular: that their precise itosition is dubious; and that they are not too well housed in the camps. Seme press sympathizers express the hone that the needs of the situation may yet be met by a big gift of land by some l«ne voient lonl of the soil, where the unem ployed mav carry out their experiment un der more law-abiding and better organized conditions. [The illegal occupants of the lands have been evicted.— Ed.] —Beauty More Than Skin Deep.— What is a popularity contest? Nobody seems to know exactly, except that it is something in which beauty is one of the fectors, but not necessarily the chief. There are at present in England 33 young and comely American girls whose expenses are being paid by a syndicate of their friends, who have proclaimed them the winners of a popularity contest, but are nearly as anxious as these Kentucky ladies' them selves to make it clear that they were not. like their countrywomen last year, selected as representative American beauties. One of the ladies. 'Miss Ora Hazelip, has been voted by 663,000 people of the State the most popular girl in Kentucky. The party are to have a pleasant time visiting the chief places of interest in England and Scotland. They resent being sought out or addressed as 'the peaches.' but the name preceded them from America to Great Bri tain. —Licensing Engaged Couples.— From the United States, that hotbed of ingenious ideas, comes one of the quaintest schemes ever. put forward in sober earnest by a learned professor— nothing less than a plan for licensing engaged couples for a fixed term, with a view of giving them full opportunity of discovering whether they are suited as life partners. The professor previously caused much discussion by ad vocating a system of marriage on probation, arguing tliat the greatest facilities should be offered for the dissolution of marriages in the event' of their proving ?unsuitable. He now proposes that engagement licences should be issued by the county or State on nayment of a fee. as in the case of marriage licence*. The engagement contract should be for a fixed period of nx months, neither more nor less, and marriage should be pro-' hibited before the end of the term., If within a certain period after the expiration of the engagement licence marriage does not follow, the contract according to the plan, would be automatically dissolved, unless it was renewed. This arrangement, he thinks, would put a stop to fuc marriage of un suitable persons. —Cheating the Government.— The amusingly exaggerated nature of the claims made by Boer burghers for tones sustained in the South African war. as set forth in the recently issued Bluebook on the matter, suggests that these worthies hid in mind as a model Mr. Kruger's much ridiculed demand for a million of money as compensation for .moral ar.J intellectual damage 'sustained through the raid. One man claimed 'moral indemnification'' to the tune' of exactly- £509. in respect to the Joss of some fowls and other urepertv. in addition t? compensation Tor the value of eggs which might have been laid by the fowls had they been spared to him a little longer. Another audacious claim \Vas for ?war-kwse*' compensation for- property which, the claimant had looted from the Bri. tub, and of which the latter Bad been in considerate 'enough to deprive him when they captured him. There was a claim for clothing worn, and food consumed while °-a-^omillaildo- A female claimant asked £655 for horses and cattle. It was found that the only animal she possessed was a wounded horse, which had been looted in Cape Colony by her fiance, a burgher on commando. T-rStovwrfv Walking and- Dancing.— ' Gen. Oliplmnt. one of the smartest offi cers m the Guards Brigade, has been rous ing the ire of Etonians by. his scathing re marks on the 'Kton elouch.' It is only fair to stay that SirLaurence Oliphant was never an Eton boy: but. as he remarked, when quartered at Windsor he bad many op IKHtnnitic* a» an unbiassed observer of no ticing the manner in which boy* walked along the street/: and me*t people who have been similar!/ privileged will agree with (»en. Oliphant that the walk of the ave rage upper form boy ix only to be describ ed ns extraordinary. '1 would advise you.' said the general, -to put a little more life and go into your walk, whether it is in the street, or Lord's Cricket Ground, or else where, and instead of ?slouchiny' to walk as though you thought somethine of rour selvw. As a Guards' officer once said to hi* men. 'Try and walk as though you have got a sovereign in your iwckct.' ' When in due course these same languid young men com** under the general'* nqtice as '«.ut*' in the Grenadiers or Scots Guards, the Etonian slouch will doubtless meet with sterner measures. Modern society hostewo. are constantly complaining that the dancing man is not only extremely dif ficult to capture at all. but aeldom comes up to the standard of efficiency in the terpeichorenn art when he docs deign to put in an apiwurance at the ballroom. These lamentations arc well founded, and it is therefore gratifying to one's sense of the fitness of things that the Imperial Society of Dance Teachers lias so lemnly declared war against the pre scnt-*-mii-enihlc ami-slovenly style of -danc- ing.' The ruisonjle'etre nf, the society' is to' secure uniformity' in the -»tyle of 'danc- ing, and to do a wav with all thafr may tend to- keep it in whit the PresiJent* eloquent- lv describes as the 'degraded condition .in which it lias been wallowing.'. '?? He also mentioned 'witli satisfaction the circum stance that Parliament had-liegun to*recog nwe that dancing was. an important ole ment in education. In the Portsmouth training ' .college .for . the . navy. . dancing cWex in the winter were opened:- and if that were done- for -the navy.- irHy' should it not oc.done for the army? The public schools, too. were encouraging dancing. The vounciT man had been complaining that h«* cuuki not get hi* wife to menu hw clothes. '1 asked her to sew a buttot: on ' this vc*t last night, and she hasn't tmfehed it.*' ho said; At this tb* older man assumed the air of iwtriarch. 'Sever a.«k a woman to mend anvthihg,' he s*;d. ??\\-u haven't been married very long, ami I think I can trive you some serviceahk* suctestions. When I want a shirt mended 1 take it to my wife flourish it about a Jittit. -and wy. 'Wheue's the ragbag?' 'Wbrtt do yon want of the ragbag?7 .ask-: my wife. Her suspicion)) arc rowed nt or.ee. 'I want to throw tbw shirt awav it* worn out.' I say. with a few mr'n flourishes. 'Let me sec that shirt,' my wife ?ay* then. '.Von. .lohn, hand it to 'me at onoe.' Of courh\ I pas« it over, and shi examines it. 'Why. John.' she is sure to say. '1 never knew xiu-h extravagance! Th'«i :» a perfectly sood shirt. All it needs is ? .' And then s!;-: uiends it.*' 