THÉ DAIBYiNG- INDUSTRY. To tile Editor. Sir,-No more scathing reflection up. on our boasted agricultural prosperity is possible than the almost total ab- sence of dairying exhibits at the pre- mier show of our State. Yet Mr. ürasby disposes of this fact in five lines at the end of his many columned and otherwise excellent report in the "Western JMail" of November 10. It behoves our Government to ponder over the fact tLat only one entry for bulk butter was made at the Soya! Agrien i ] taral Show, and then turn its thoughts to the enormous possibilities of the dairying industry. ? Ever since Bayley found gold at Cool- gardie we have been assured by all and sundry that mining is the sheet an- chor of this State-the industry, in fact, upon which ail our other indus- tries "depend. Yet we have in our lands lying within the rainfall belt a mine of wealth immeasurably superior to our gold mines-a mine of wealth compared to which the mineral re- sources oí the whole of Australia sinks into insignificance. Your readers may possibly think this a tali assertion, but with your permission I will present a fow facts and figures thatf I hope may induce some of our legislators to put my statements to the test. The part of this State which can be utilised for dairying purposes comprises some 60,000 square miles, this hoing the amount of country lying well with- in, the rainfall belt. To show what can be done with this area, let us con. sider what is being accomplished to- day in Denmark, a country containing just one quarter (15,000 square miles) of the above-mentioned quantity of land. From this insignificant coun- try, inferior in soil and climate to the before- mentioned part of Western Alis, tralia, is exported annually to Great Britain butter to the value of £9,000,000. In other words, from an area equivalent in size to an Aus- tralian sheep station is produced an- nually a. quantity of butter exceeding in monetary value the yearly Western Australian gold output. And this is only one item out of dozens of different kinds of agricultural products exported, besides the large export trade in live- stock-viz., horses, cattle, sheep, and' pigs. Some idea of the magnitude of this trade may be gathered from the fact that there are 1,100.000 milch cows, the value of whoso offspring must be considerable. In putting down the total amount animally realised from agricul- tural products in Denmark at £30,000, 000, 1 shall be well within the mark. Of couvse, I shall be told that my con- tentious and comparisons are ridicu- lous. But then I was told tho same thing thirty years ago in the Eastern colonies. I have a vivid recollection of being requested by an old Scotch friend to "tak' off yer bonnet, laddie" his inference, oí course, beiug that by the removal of my headgear I should be releasing, if not a whole apiary, at least the proverbial Apis gigantia. And yet I had only expressed my confidence iii Victoria becoming a- great dairying country. This was in Euroa, about tlip time the Kelly gang stuck up the loca] bank. I am pleased to be able to s:u / th it my friend lived to see the finest dairy iii Australia, if not in the world, j erected in this very place. Bat permit me tu attach a cutting from tile "West Australian," for tim purpose of enlightening those of your isadore who may not be cognisant of the magnitude to which the butter in- dustry lias risen in Victoria, lt is a telegram from Melbourne dated No- vember 1, and says:-"The arrivals of butter at Melbourne from the country last week for metropolitan consumption and for export amounted to 34,215 cas:»s, against 28,20<i cases for the cor- responding week of last year. The ar- rivals of cream, practically the whole of which is m a ii ii fact ii red into butter in the city, amounted to 360£ tons, against '202$ tons. From Sep- tember 29 to October 26 118,578 cases of . butter and 1,275 tons of cream have arrived, against 99,091 cases ol' butter and 681) tons of cream during the corresponding four weeks in 11)05. Reducing the cream to its equiva- lent in butter, it would appear that about 144.080 cases (8,063,3681b.) of butter have arrived during the last four weeks, against 112,870 cases (6,320,7001b.) for the corresponding peri»d of last year." This result, I am moud -to say, has been brought about by my countrymen, the Danes. The Vic- torian Government, a couple of decades ago, being sufficiently far - seeing to encourage Danish faimers to settle in that State and also to employ Danish dairying experts. To listen to the. average West Austra- lian, a stranger would receive the im- pression that wo are utterly incapable of -doing or even attempting anything pre. viously successfully achieved elsewhere, the result beiug that our best and richest "natural resources are exploited hy foreigners, and the surplus pocketed by European capitalists. But to return to butler. The worst feature about the apathy of the public tcwards the dairying industry is that it is shared by our Legislature. Tho heads of the Lands, Immigration, and Agricultural Department« especially scan to be suffering from complete men- tal collapse when the matter is brought up, simply contenting themselves by giving utterance to a few stock phrase's and platitudes. Certainly the Minis- ter for Lands has spoken a few times at Agricultural Society meetiugs about the desirability of our farmers combin- ing dairying with wheat-growing, but as the Minister in his own person re- presents the class who, taking advan- tage of the high market price obtain- ed for wheat, have grown this commo- dity to tho exclusion of all others, the farmers to whom he has preached the doctrine of dairying have, naturally enough, not taken his «ninon to heart. Mr. Mitchell's contention that ho can work à given numher of acres per me- dium of -a team ol' horses and one man is diametrically opposed to the afore I said doctrine of mixed fanning. But, as Mr. Mitchell is still a very young man (politically, at all events), ho may yet live to boast that the employs ten men whore formerly lie only employed one, and that he is keeping, say, 60 milch cows upon the same area former-i ,!y being monopolised by a solitary team or horses. Personally, the Min- ister for Agriculture is a porfoct stran- ger to mo, but believe nm. Sir, nothing will giv-i me greater pleasure' than to see bim as director of half a dozen co-operativo butter factories *? iu aud around, say, Northam. On January 5 last I read an article in the "West Australian" by. Mr. C. F. Chaplin concerning the desirability of the State fostering the dairying indus- try. I had myself previous to this, through the medium of your esteemed columns, urgently suggested the de- sirability of obtaining a few famil(-s or Danish dairy farmers as immigrants to Western Australia to promote the ¡Ldustry. I went up to Perth and saw Mr. Chaplin, who went into my scheme most enthusiastically. I can- not help; paying a high tribute to the kindly interest and zest with which th« late Director of Agriculture (though a perfect stranger to me) en- tered into the details of my scheme. I was introduced to Mr. Moore (then Minister for Lands), with whom I had a couple of interviews. Mr. Moore wa-s not impressed with the idea of bringing out foreigners- as immigrant«, though it appears that he has modi- fied his views in favour of Italian immigrants. Anyhow, his attitude to- wards myself personally, as well as my immigration sóbeme, reminded nie irresistibly of the Londoner who re- fused to eat German sausage for fear of violating his patriotic principles. I some time afterwards, in the course of conversation, related my experience to an eminent New South Wales Com- monwealth politician, who seemed highlv amused, and assured me laughingly that I had no need to bc discouraged, as this demeanour on the part of Western Australian Premiers was "absolutely normal." However, like his friend and colleague the. - Minister for Agriculture, our worthy Premier possesses that inestimable bless- ing and priceless gift of youth. Let us hope that in time he may become as enthusiastic about our dairying in dustry as -Yours, etc., V. CLAUSEN Moodiarup, Arthur River, November 1G. __J_ ' 