NATIONAL DEFENCE And ASSISTED IMMIGRATION. NO TIME TO WAIT FOR BRITISH IMMIGRANTS. The Inevitable Japs and Chows. At the newly-instituted Sydney Club, 130 Pill-street, on last Monday evening, the 26th March, Mr. B. C. V. Broughton, M.L.A. for Sydney-King, in the chair. Mr. Fred Broomfield gave an address, entitled 'Australian National Defence and Assisted Immigration,' at the close of which cer tain statements and conclusions of the lec turer wore eagerly debated by the members of the club. A FEDERATION OP ACRES. The lecturer began his address by insist ing on tlfe vastness of the Australian con tinent, its emptiness, and its alluring at tractions to the hordes of almond-eyed barbarians in China, and semi-civilised brown men in Japan. These aliens knew the promise of our country, and knew also our feebleness of defence. We had a coast line nearly 9000 miles in length. With some four millions all told of men, women, children, and infants in arms, we bad some three millions of territory to populate and defend. Before we could mobilise an army we must get a people established in our continent to feed that army with male human units. It was inconceivable that any European power would essay sn inva sion of occupation. In the event of Great. Britain's embroilment with any of Che great powers of Europe, we might expect a raid ing expedition on our coastal cities and rich seaports, a bailing-up foray, and the ex tortion of a ransom. In these days of long-range guns, these cities and seaports could be shelled at distances of several miles without entering into tBe harbors. Unless the British squadron could, from their allotted stations, intercept and de stroy such a buccaneering expedition, Syd ney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Perth, Brisbane, Newcastle, and probably other seaports, would have to pay up under threat of an nihilation. Harbor defences would avail little, if anything, although Australian na tional expenditure in submarines and de stroyers for coastal defence was by no means a chimerical proposal. AN AUSTRALIAN NAVY. The creation of an Australian navy by a combined States' population of only four millions of all sorts was a project of the weirdest. Of course, when we say 'Aus- tralian Navy,' it was presumed that what was meant was a navy which could, inde pendently of all help from the mother country, tackle and destroy the united fleets of China and Japan, as Togo de stroyed the Russian fleet in (he late war, or as the American fleet destroyed the marine power of Cervera at the battle of Santiago. Even the auxiliary fleet sta tioned in Australian waters would be all too feeble to oppose the wealth and enter prise and initiative which would create (and will create) a Chinese-cum-Japanese fleet of invasion. The creation of a fleet for the Commonwealth, at present, is a lovely drecm. THE INEVITABLE INVASION. The descent upon our shores by the slant-eyed children of the sun is inevitable. When these saffron-hued peoples come, however, it will be no 'bailing-up' excur sion; they will come to stay. Sir Henry Parkes, no mean previsionist of coming history, predicted it twenty years and more ago. Fools in statecraft regarded the set-back China received at the hands of Japan about a decade since as disproving Parkes' predictions. Why, it was the best thing that ever befel China, for Japan has since shown her kinsmen that the Russian is just as vulnerable as the Chow. More over, it was not Chinese valor, but Chinese methods, that failed. The Chinese have, doubtless, learnt their lesson. By this time they know to their cost that bows and arrows are no match for up-to-date rifles and field-guns. Once these inevitable east ern allies secured a footing in the Northern Territory, they would surge sweepingly on ward like swarms of locusts cast in semi human guise. Europe was once swept clean by successive invasions from the East. The names of Tamerlane, Ghengis Khan, Atilla, the Turkish Baiezet, and other Ot toman murderers, have been written across the terrible historic battlefields of Japbet's continent in characters of flame and rapine. Europe will, however, never again be raided from the East. That delectable experience is reserved for Australia. THE FATUOUS ALLIANCE. We talk of the 'little Japs,' 'the little brown heroes,' 'our brave allies of the chrysanthemum breed,' etc. What fatu ous nonsense! The compact between Eng land and Nippon has about nine years to run, and then — the Deluge! A Liberal Go vernment is in power in England — a Go vernment already engaged in raising China's monkey over the Coolie question at the Cape; and that Government is little likely to renew a move allegedly opportune, made by its Tory predecessors in office. It is only a question of a few years now, and we shall have down upon us the whole of the Japanese and Tartar and Mongol hordes of the 'so-called' Far East, but the very Near North, as far as we are concerned. INTERNATIONAL MORALITY A FALLACY. There is no such thing as international morality. When a nation wactB loot it burns the Decalogue. When Russia, PruB sia, and Austria wanted Poland, they took it. When that chartered German butcher, Bismarck, wanted a seaport for his navy, be tore it out of the side of Denmark, and the two fat duchies of Scbleswig and Hol stein with it. Russia is busily engaged in denationalizing Finland. Germany is doing the same thing towards Alsace and Lor raine, just as England did it in the past to wards French Canada. THE PEASANTRY OF EUROPE. For national defence we must levy on the people of Europe. We must assist the peasant proprietors of the Old World to take up land in Australia. When, some timo since, the Italian province of Cala bria .was devastated by successive earth quakes, and thousands of the hard-toiling peasants were rendered homeless, George Meredith, 'Ouida,' and a number of other sympathisers advocated the transplanta tion of these dispossessed folk to the Nor thern Territory of Australia, as they were wonderfully adapted by climatic experience for the success of the experiment. They would, moreover, have brought with them the industries of their particular heat-zone, i.e., sericulture, olive-cultnre, vinegrowing, etc., and would, besides, rapidly have learnt the arts of cotton, sugar, coffee, and tobacco growing. They are brave, indus trious, economical, and enduring, and would have constituted the nucleus of a defence force of sturdy peasants, well qualified to create a self-supporting nation in a tropi cal region, where the Saxo-Celt could live only by strenuous battle against one of the most trying of climates for his coldtem peramented body. The Briton, with con servative devotion to the century-bounded ideas of his forefathers, conceives of no cultures outside his oats and his wheat. Sheer compulsion has driven him to grow maize along the Northern Rivers and sugar in Queensland. Some of these Britons have a vision of cotton-growing in the Nor thern Territory by the aid of Japs. This would mean the introduction of the very enemy from whom Australia has the most to fear. - A Japan-laborised or coolie-ised North Australia would be a North Austra lia prepared to cut out throats at a mo ment's notice from Tokio, when the Mikado was ready for an armed occupation of our continent. White Australia is more than a sentiment— it spells safety. We cannot af ford to wait for a full population of Anglo Celts, hence we must fill our country with the cream of the brain and muscle drawn ' from the European white races. In the North the people from the Mediterranean littoral, fecundating with brain and muscle the broad belts of our rich and inexhaust ible tropic lands, would forestall all oppor tunity of Asiatic occupation. We shall, moreover, have to bestir ourselves. The French New Hebrides Society is entering with renewed activity in the extension of its operations in the Western Pacific, and bidding loudly for immigrants. Now there is no earthly reason why the intelligent and industrious Frenchman, with his know ledge of wine-growing and wine-making, the manufacture of fine porcelain; the weaving of silk, etc., should not be at tracted and induced to settle among us. We must appeal to every clean while Euro pean race to furnish us with settlers. The days of mammoth squattages, with the sparse employment of labor incident there to, has gone for ever. If we would be in dependent of the mother country, we must fill up the land with people who shall have a stake in it. The Swedes, Norwegians, Danes, and Finns could man our mercantile marine, and, mayhap, our nascent navy; Frenchmen and Germans and Spaniards could teach us the arts of viticulture and Bericulture; and Italy and Greece could give all that is necessary in tne piscatorial and agricultural arts of the semi-tropic zones. SIR HENRY PARKES' IDEAL ENGLISHMAN. Sir Henry Parkes wanted a white Aus tralia, but he absurdly advocated the con fining of this vast continent to the Saxon, not even to the Saxo-Celtic, race. - Mr. - ?--._„ Carrulhers, our present N.S.W. Premier, appears to share at least a fraction of this idealism. Nine years ago M*. Carruthers passed an amending Land Act, in which » cleause appears that no foreigner can take up land in the colony unless he has be?n a resident of the State for twelve months previously. Yet, in the face of that clause, it was seriously proposed to establish in formation bureaus in the United States, France, Germany, Sweden, Denmark, Nor way, and Italy. The Englishman of Sir Henry Parkes' idealism does not, moreover, exist— and never existed. Tennyson, in poetically welcoming our present Queen, Alexandra, sans — 'Saxon, Norman, and Dane are we — All of us Dane in our welcome to thee.' When Nelson beat the Danish fleet at the battle of Copenhagen, the worsted foe for gave the gallant conqueror on account of bis remote Danish origin, i.e., 'Neil's eon.' Britain is made up from many sources, and the Irishman is as mixed as the Englishman. France, Germany, Spain, Italy, and the three Scandinavian peoples have all given of their varied stock. PEASANT PROPRIETORS. . Millionaire settlement would spell na tional ruin. The man with the machine ana tlie slave would be worse than a vacant continent. Booth's London paupers are not wanted. Australia, it is said, is breeding an aristocracy of laborers. Well, that was the very thing we wanted — an aristocracy of labor from the whole of the white races of Europe, and the United States and Canada — and it might not be a very diffi cult thing to woo settlers from the frozen steppes of the latter land to out sunny shores. A good scheme of national defence involved a national system of small pro prietors. Good farming was farming in miniature, as Belgium and parts of France were farmed. We did not want the old type of agricultural laborer— the pariah slavs of the Old World. We did not want to introduce Old World conditions of large landed proprietor cultivation, and droves of rack-rented farmer tenants and agricultural sens. We did not want to introduce into Australia the land woes of Ireland, with Ireland's absentee landlords, and Ireland's starving, dispossessed peasantry. The speaker did not say this with any Irish bias or from any Irish view-point. His bias was ' towards the best interests of the white race in Australia, and his view-point was hu manitarian. There was a great deal said about getting the proper people out here— the man with a little capital, and putting him on the land— to sink or to swim, according' to the fiat ot the Fates. That immigrant, hope lessly ignorant of the new conditions cha racteristic of a new environment, woald speedily spend his little store of capital, fling up bis holding, and then drift into the cities to become a burden on the State. We had three problems before us:— . First— To get the right kind of immi grants. Secondly-To settle them on the land in small agricultural areas. Thirdly— To keep them on the land in reasonable comfort and happiness. We had to get the right folk, and th« ' . right folk for Australia comprised the clean white races of Europe— the absolute ? cream of the Aryan race. Tfie Labor Party ?! in every land raised its voice against mlli- ,. tansm. Well, militarism was a curse, al most of the greatest; but it was a less curte than the armed occupation of this ? country by an invading foeman— possibly - by invaders of an inferior alien race. ' . - The Royal Comic Opera Co. U 'to be '/ strengthened by the inclusion of Percy Coward, late of the Westminster Glee Singers. Percy has been rehesmng all the ' '?? week, and- will make his bow to the .public - * in Ou next production el tlt»]MQfianT. ^ 