0DR LONDON LETTER. IFKOJI OUR CORRESPONDENT. LONDON. 10th August. Two ton3 of army accounts were examin ed by the heroic War Stores Commission and it3 financial experts. And still they were not satisfied. They wanted more documents, and in their thirst for this further informa- tion they liad several experiences of the skill of the War Office in its old established art of passive resistance. Many papers were reported as missing, and evidence was ob tained in the course of the inquiry that others had been destroyed at or about the time when tlie transactions to which they related were in progress. But in every ease it appears that the destruction or suppres sion of documentary proofs was due, not to fraud, but to a desire to cloak incom petence and prevent disclosure. In the whole extraordinary businesses very little evidence appeared of "conduct unworthy of an officer and a gentleman," but every where there are signs of shocking neglect, a desire to avoid hard work, lack of method and sheer stupidity. The principal stores contract was arranged with such incredible rashness as to "put a premium on default by the contractor." "The Pay department," says the commission, "is in theory, a skilled branch of the service and not a mechanical contrivance for automatic payment. The country is entitled to expect sufficient in telligence from its officers to connect the parts of an elementary business transac- tion." The Butler Committee which report ed a year ago was so unable to realise the full capacity of the British officer for mud dling that it could not help suggesting the existence of extensive concealed fraud. The commission, a much abler and better In formed body, sees the matter in its true light. -Sir William Butler came to the con clusion that the losses on the war stores could have been avoided had "a specially trained and selected officer With a email but very capable staff" been sent out from England to deal with the stores. The royal commission remarks that "such a staff could hardly have been found." How amus ed the German head quarters staff ivill be at it all ! "Where will the Commonwealth have its agency?" continues to be a much discussed question among London people interested in Australia. Nearly everybody suggests Trafalgar-square, guided partly in their preference by the existence there of the Canadian immigration office. A majority of the Agents- General, too, favor the square or the adjoining centre at Charing Cross. But the Canadians are secure against such disadvantage as might result from rivalry at their doors, because the famous square is virtually shut against Australia. Carefui inquiries show that no site facing it 'is likely to become available for jiurchase in the ordinary way for many years. It is possible that one might be obtained, but only at a huge premium, which the Com monwealth would in all probability decline to pay. Buildings can be got on several adjacent streets, but these, though central and convenient enough, would be for ad vertising purposes far inferior to a position in the square. If, therefore, it should seem desirable lo have the office in this neighborhood, instead of in the commercial quarter around the Bank of England, the Commonwealth Government ivill apparen!- ly be obliged to choose a site in the .Strand, adjoining Charing Cross and Trafnlgan- square, or else in Waterloo-place, which lies a little further ivest, at the junction of Pall Mall and Regent-street. The alterna tive to either of these courses would be to take temporary offices in the neighborhood for a few years until a satisfactory site should become available. Somebody ought to settle definitively by scientific experiment and analyses the re current question ns to whether meat is ap preciably damaged ns an article of food by being frozen. The "Lancet," which rarely offers any encouragement to faddists, has given space to a correspondent who asserts that refrigeration greatly diminishes the nutritive value of colonial and foreign im ported meat, and at the same time renders its fibre less digestible, lie believes that it is further damaged in tlie process of thawing, jivhicli appears to lu'm to he seldom carried out in a proper manner. Nor will he even allow thut the iinjjorted article bears cocking as well as the home grown. Both lose some of their nutritive value in the oxen, but lie thinks that the depreciation of the frozen meat is much greater than, occurs in the other ease. The ultimate impression lie conveys is that frozen meat, though it may seem quite as savory nnd generally attractive as any other when it readies 'the plate, of the consumer, is n deceitful comestible of not much more real value than sawdust. Financial experts, following the lead re cently given by -Lord Gosdien — whose ser vices ait the Treasury jiroved him one of the ablest Chancellors of the Exchequer that England ever had — continue to specu late unci'SiJy as tn what might happen if a great crisis were suddenly to occur and find the banks of the country with their present inadequate gold reserves. Papers on the subject have been read by Mr. Inglis Palgrave and 'Air. Dnimmond Eraser at the annual meeting of the British Association. 'The latter, discussing practicable steps for meeting an emergency, said that the Chan cellor of the Exchequer ought at once to start accumulating gold at the rate of £1,000,000 per annum for ten years, and that the Bank of England should, at the expense of the Government, substitute £4,450,000 in gold for State securities of that. value which it now holds, lie further suggested that the principal joint stock banks should issue £1 notes as an cxpe; dieret for facilitating the establishment of a large 'permanent reserve of their own. These banks, and not the Bank ot" England (as was the case about half a century ago) controlled the money market; their re sponsibilities therefore were very serious. Mr. Palgrave 'took a similar view. The joint stock banks, he said, might increase their balances at the Bank of England, or act independently of it; either course could be taken in these days, since the Bank of England— as one of its directors admitted not long ago — would not .be prepared if a really severe crisis should occur to do more than protect ibiclf. Its own position would, in deed, be .sufficiently difficult. List year the value of its gold reserve did not exceed £25,307,000, as against £40,179,000 worth of gold maintained by the Bunk of Ger many, and £157,420,000 worth kept by the Bank of France. "We arc the clearing house of the world," said Mr. Palgrave. "Can we expect lo retain this position .unless we make nn attempt to show that we can without difficulty and special effort honor -the demands which may at any time be made upon us?" Insanjty is steadily increasing among the Irish people. This fact has been (lie sub ject of a good deal of discussion and doubt within the last few years, but is now estab lished beyond question, as the result of a special investigation carried out by the local lunacy inspectors. They find that the proportion of registered insane in Ireland to the total population has been rising steadily during the last half century. In 1851 the number ivas 9910; 50 years later it wns 25,050. Yet, in the interval, tile popu lation of the country decreased front 6,553,385 to 4,458,715. In 1851 there were only 15.2 of insane to every 10,000 of the inhabitants; now the average is about 50. The registration law may be carried out more stringently in these days than it was 50 years ago. but this is not admitted. Moreover, the inspectors draw attention to the remarkable fact that "insanity develops at a much greater rate among Irish emi grants to America than among those who emigrate from uiiier cuuiiliies." An offi cial report on the last American census, just published, is quoted its stating that "Ireland furnished only 15.0 per cent, of all foreign born whiles in the United States in 1900, but 29 per cent, of all for eign born white insane enumerated in hos pital on 31st December, 1003," Statistics are added showing that the regular average of insanity among the Irish is higher than that among the English, German, French, Swedish, Danish, Italian and Chinese im migrants. Sir William Preecc nnd other authorities on electric traction hnve hoen extolling the merits of the single-phase alternating cur rent system at the nnnual gathering of the British Association. This is the system which the London. Brighton and South Coast Railway, and the Midland Railway Company hnve lately decided to adopt in place of steam on some of their lines. The older form of traction, of which the third or "live" rail forms a part, is condemned by Sir William Prccce as "obsolete, dan gerous nnd stupid." These are strong, nnd probably rather extravagant, terms. The risks entailed by the use of the third rail are serious, hut in other inspects the sys tem has shown good results when used for short distance traflic. The single jilinsc traction ivill prove its superiority best on the longer lines. There is gencrat agreement among the medical experts who attended the annual meeting of the British Association that one of the national necessities of the time is more sleep. Dr. T. Dyke Acland, a d>> tinguished London physician, declared that the fetish of early rising was responsible for a large amount of the nervous break down and strain; the insomnia, chorea and even epilepsy which are common maladies of the day. These troubles often began in school life. It was a complete error to suppose that physical exercise was an ample compensation for a small amount of sleep. To send a boy from hard brain work immediately to the cricket field ivas bad physiology; and with both brain and body working, hard, more, and not less, sleep ivas essential. Dr. Aeland found that the general conclusion of those who had in quired into the subject ivas that there should be a minimum of nine hours' sleep up to the age of eighteen years— that is. all through the ordinary school period. Of tiventy- seven experts, eleven had advocated ten hours, eight had suggested nine -and a half, six nine to ten, and four nine hours as a minimum. Statistics of forty of the best public schools in England an'd five in the United States showed that nine hours' sleep was now being advocated and put into effect as a means of obtaining the best mental and physical results from the boys. Dr. Bevan Lewis, an authority cii insanity, said that many people were quite in error in supposing gymnastics to be a cure for mental fatigue, (and he condemned the ex- CC-r'u 6 /- C bicycle by brain workers. The Commissioners of Customs report that the revenue from nine imported into the United Kingdom continues to diminish, although the rate of decrease exhibited tn 1904-1905 has been cheeked. In that year the duties yielded £1,185,508, shoiv- mg a fall of 11.3 per cent., as compared with the receipts in 1903-1904. In 1905- 1906 the decline has been only 0.82 per cent. The quantity of wine retained for home consumption was less by 128,640 gal- Ions than the total of the previous vear. retained was 14,S6o,000 gallons; by 19031904 it had de creased to 13,442,052 gallons; in 1005-1900 it was 11,784,193 gallons. Hie net duty received on the wines fell in the live years from £1.449,687 to £1, 175,789. The con sumption of the stronger wines imported in cask shows a greater diminution than that of the wines of ordinary strength. rIhe Manchester ship canal continues to justify the courage and foresight which led to it construction. The profits on the last half year's working amount to £119,030, of which the corporation of Man chester receives £54,160 as interest on the debentures it holds. The sea- borne traffic m the canal shows an increase of 247,207 tons upon the total for the first six months of 1905, and brings an addition to the total receipts of £24,432. An addition of only £5400 was made to the ordinary working expenditure during the half year. 