THE-FÖREIGff> SITUATION. } (From our Own Correspondent). London, July 20, 1906. All observers are agreed that the eventful life of the Russian Duma is rapidly near ing its close It has not much more than a day or two to live, for the Czar now perceives that its dissolution is the only alternative to the acceptance of its proposal that he should dismiss his Ministry and accept in its stead the leader of the Constitutional Democrats His family, his court, the bureaucrats, his own selfish, in chnations are all against the idea that he should sanction any approach to responsible government as we know it Nevertheless, he will be committed to a dangerous experiment if he should dismiss the first popular Assembly in Russia, and trust once more to a policy of reaction He can not be said to have gained very much from absolutism so far as he is personally concerned To save his awe-stricken master, the iron Trepoff has' substituted for the former garrison of the Palace a special guard of gigantic Circassians, who cannot speak a word of Russian The Czar's personal attendants are now fanatical Maine- takes and wild Tartars No one is allowed within the palace grounds without a permit The parks and streets of Peterhof are alive with secret police hiding at the corners, or watching behind trees, yet any one of these is almost as likely as not to be an assassin A furtive game of tennis is all that the Czar allows himself in the way of pleasure Peterhof is located on a gulf, enabling the Imperial yacht to be moored at a wharf 200 yards from the palace, always available to convey the Czar to 1) inland or some other place of safety, when he himself is threatened with the death he is always willing to inflict mercilessly upon his subjects, regard- less of age or sex There is an elaborate system of wireless telegraphy connecting the palace at Peterhof with the fortresses of Kronstadt Viborg, and Helsingfors, and with the warships in the gulf, thus ensuring the Czar against being cut off from the outside world, as he was during the strike of telegraph operators The dreadful conduct of the Preobrajenslty regiment of Life Guards, in stating that they did not want any more police duty entailing the slaugh- ter of brothers or fathers, has. so infuriated the Czar that he has ordered the name of the First Bätcaliofr-to be stricken from the roll of the Imperial Guards His egotism passes all belief He is fully persuaded that his own will ought to be as sacred in the eyes of other people as the closest blood ties lorne as he may, the moral of the army is profoundly shaken, and the first great test may find the troops lined up, at the French" Guards lined up two days before the Bastille fell on the side of the people, and against the monarchy Meanwhile, from his self imposed exile at Vichy, Count de Witte has dispatched several urgent telegrams emphasising the necessity of putting an end to the ann Jewish out breaks -which, he states, are seriously affecting Russian credit abroad " There are five million Jews in Russia, and Count de Witte might, had he chosen, have said that it is the exceptional laws to which they are compelled to submit which drives them into the ranks of the revolutionists It is difficult to foresee the final results of such a vast upheaval as that which is proceeding in Russia The results of the French and American Revolutions were realised quickly, because the people were prepared Owing to the magnitude of the questions involved the Russian revolution may possibly can Uncle in various stages of intensity for ten or even 20 years each, at least, is the opinion of M Anatole Leroy Beaulieu, Director of the Institute of France, whose history of Russia is one of the best presentations of the affairs of that Empire ever published. I ' j " Affairs in Spain. . . c . 4- The authorities in Spain are endeavoring to trace the origin of the fortune possessed, by the Anarchist Ferrer, who is charged with complicity in the recent attempt on the lives of-the King and/Queen. As though the spread of Anarchism were not enough, the Carlist agitation is extending along the Catalonian frontier. Neither movement can' beunderstoodwithout reference to the general situation. In Spain two or three thousand professional politicians, the mass of whom are little or at all,iabove.the average Tammany standard, manage the affairs of the State, and the highly centralised sys l term of administration, plays conveniently into their hands., The Premier, of the day controls all offices, great and small, national 'and. provincial, and, of course, distributes them among-his satellites. is!! a change of Government," says a recenT writer, quite truly, has been deemed expedient; a clean sweep is made of all existing officials," from the Governor of a province, and the mayor of a city, to a messenger in a Government office, and the road mender of a munici- quality." The country in consequence is flooded with carpet-baggers from Madrid, whose motion of their official, duties is'the making of-hay/Wjhile the sun shines: Their tenure is precarious at best none of them know where another Ministerial crisis'' may supervene; theñCsalaries are small, and as a rule, in arrears; they must plan- j der to live. And plunder they, do. 16 is a mainly their depredations that have given > point to the try for Home Rule first raised k Catalonia.. That province is the wealthiest, most democratic, most industrious, and industrial part of the peninsula. De- spoiled by the harpies from Madrid, plundered by the Government to support the backward south, with 70 per cent. of the colonial trade which was their mainstay, swept away by the war with the United States, the Catalans are strongly disaffected to the central Government. Their demand for Home Rule has spread to other provinces, all of which were at one time self-governing units and jealous of outside interference with their laws and customs. The real danger to Spain comes not from Carlism, which from a cause has sunk into ' a sentimental cult, and which owes such strength as it possesses to the astuteness of its leaders in pandering to the popular demands for political and economic reforms' The loss of the colonial trade which was large, if artificial, the decline in the purchasing power of the peseta, and, above all, the miserable system of land tenure these are the causes of Spanish discontent, whatever it finds expression in Carlism, or Anarchism, or any other ism. The Near East. " ' I A long and interesting story hangs upon the demand of Turkey for permission to 'impose an additional, 3 per cent, duty on imported goods. * "How," asks the Sultan, can I satisfy the demands of the Financial Commission in Macedonia unless I can raise additional money from the Customs?" To this demand Great Britain some months ago joined the other Powers in agreeing, on the understanding that the money should be applied to the balancing of the Macedonian Budget. By this stipulation the Sultan now refuses to be bound, and it is open to the British Government, if they choose to increase their terms before re- newing their acquiescence in the demand; What Turkey wants is permission to tax the trade of this country. If such permission be given, it will only-be, as Lord Lansdowne states, because use is made of the tax to effect a very necessary improve-" ment in the condition of Macedonia. This is a matter in which the honor of Great Britain is peculiarly, concerned, because 25 years ago we were chiefly instrumental in restoring the players to Turkish misrule. Of late years we have abandoned to Russia and Turkey the lead in near Eastern affairs; but when two or three years ago, Lord Lansdowne agreed to the Macedonian scheme of reform by which the maintenance of order was entrusted to gendarmerie controlled by European officers, it was on the distinct understanding that Great, Britain reserved to herself the right to make fresh proposals if the scheme proved "in- sufficient. No one can say that the condition of Macedonia is what it ought to be, and the ETiropean-controlled gendarmerie are being boycotted by Turkish soldiers. It is daily becoming more difficult to obtain recruits, and the officers will shortly find themselves without recruits at all Before sanctioning an addition to the Customs duties it ought to be ascertained whether what is bad for British trade will be good for Macedonia, Three things, as the "Daily News" correspondent points out, may legitimately be claimed by Great Britain as the price of her consent to the proposed duties- first, that they should not be levied in the corrupt manner now prevail- ing, but taken over by an outside agent, such as the Ottoman Bank; secondly, that the farming of taxes in Macedonia should be abolished, and the collection of tithes taken over by the same institution; and, thirdly, that the enormous force of Turkish troops which occupies Macedonia like a conquered country should be reduced. Thanks to the belief of the Macedonians in the sympathy of Great Britain, and in her determination to secure an ameliora- tion of their lot, there has been no con- certed rebellion for some three years past, but the destruction of the crops tiLtroogh the heavy rains will, in all probability, Defeat hmg-^redgj-fir j&k; T$màfa4* desire tion." For this and other reasons delay in pressing necessary reforms upon the Porte cannot be other than dangerous. '. J Asiatic Turkey. 1 ' ?' ? A new page in the history of Turkey has been opened by the extraordinary progress of railway construction in her Asiatic dominions. Upwards of 2,000 miles have been built during the past two decades, and over 3,000 more are projected. Almost all have been constucted with German or French capital, British enterprise being conspicuous by its absence. The French lines are for commercial purposes only; the German are avowedly strategic. The project upon which the Sultan has more particularly set his heart is the Damascus Hedjaz railway, which has been linked with the Syrian coast at Haifa, where a German syndicate is about to construct important harbor works. Haifa is practically a German colony. The Darmascus-Hedjaz line is a narrow-gauge line, and has been almost entirely dependent for its construction upon the Sultan's civil list. It is shortly to be linked up. by way of Baalbek and Hamah, with Aleppo and a point on the projected Bagdad railway, probably at Tel Habesh. The unfinished link. which would give uninterrupted railway communication between the Hedjaz and the Bosphorus at Haidar Pacha, is being constructed by a French syndicate on broad-gauge lines, but with a third inner rail to admit the rolling stock of the Hedjaz railway. The German constructed and projected lines are all broad gauge thus detraining between the Bosphorus and the Hedjaz must occur at the point where the Hedjaz and Bagdad projects eventually meet. The port of __exa_Iretta,, which must ultimately become an important outlet for the varied produce of the rich provinces traversed by the great railroads running north,' east, and south, will be linked with both systems. A good map of Asiatic Turkey will show that every additional mile of rails laid on the projected Bagdad railway, from Eregli east- wards, means so much gain in the strategical consolidation of Turkish military power-and this, apart from, the immense commercial potentialities of the provinces to be traversed. It is admitted that the country to the west, north, and east of the Syrian Desert has in its day been the garden of the world. Turkish and German anxiety, therefore, to proceed with the Bagdad project is perfectly praiseworthy. It is, however., a far cry from Eregli to the Persian Gulf, and the distance will, metaphorically speaking, prove much greater if Great Britain continues to refuse to assist the Turkish Treasury in its quest of the kilometres guarantee necessary to the German promoters. A The Pan-American Conference. The third International Conference of American Republics, which is to assemble at Rio de Janeiro next week, is awaited with anxious eagerness in the Disunited' States. Hitherto Pan-American Conferences have been void of momentous results. Representatives of the various Governments have met, discussed trade relations, and adjourned. Every attempt by the United States to secure the endorse- ment of the Central and Southern Republics for the Monroe Doctrine has been thwarted, mainly through the instigation of Cipriano Castro, Dictator of Venezuela, and to-day the most dominating influence in South American politics. The cease queen has been that, excepting only Guatemala and Salvador, in Central America, and Uruguay and Ecuador, in the southern division of the hemisphere, the United States policy is without friends. This stand on Castro's part, which is only made possible by the sympathy of other Republics, explains the action of President Roosevelt in appointing no less a personage than the Secretary of State, Mr Elihu Root, as the United States delegate. There can be no doubt that Castro is a great political genius, the greatest South America has ever produced. Availing himself of the notorious fact that many of the Republics, more particularly Brazil, have, been receiving German citizens by the thousand within the past few years, that in Southern and Western Brazil German immigrants are specially numerous, and industries supported by German capital are flourish- ' ing, he has been fostering with undoubted success an santi Monroe doctrine, Sentiment in South America. German settlers in Brazil and elsewhere would naturally prefer trading with Germany to trading with, any other t country. By means of a caucus which corresponds almost exactly to the lobby of a great railroad interest in the halls of Congress or an American State Legislature, Castro is, opposing the Monroe doctrine " with as much strenuousness and even the German Emperor could desire. In his organ. "El Constitutional," he declares that he is unwilling to encourage the dominance of the United States over the smaller republics of the Continent that the southern nations must; develop for themselves, their town, potential wealth; that such development is possible only by closer relations with European, countries, and that the Monroe doctrine ' prevents South Americans from' obtaining in Europe the money and settlers the United States will not furnish. ', ,, _ A "C Roof s Gigantic ' Task. " The means Castro', will take to "elicit; a general declaration, from" the Republics against the Monroe doctrine aire in keeping with his character. "He. has assured himself against future trouble by declining either to appear at the Conference, or, to have Venezuela represented. But, as the correspondent of the New York, "American Journal" points out, his private emissaries in Brazil and elsewhere have been doing their utmost to make an international issue of the Monroe doctrine. by It is this secrecy opposition Mr. Root will have to combat. Castro's friends have answers ready to every argument which. Root may adduce, and the latter will bear diplomatist, indeed, if he emerges from the conference leaving the Latin American delegates satisfied that the Monroe doctrine is as much to their interests as to that of the United States. The fact is, that the United States sees that there is a -a line of cleavage already between it and some of the South American Republics, this cleavage having been brought about by the action of the United States in the case of Venezuela and partly by the tremendous strides which Germany is making in Brazil and Argentina. The United States, of course, is aware that France, Holland, and Great Britain still have important footholds on the South American continent, and that it is to their, interest, as well as that of Germany, to expand their interests everywhere in South America and Central America. It is said that in Argentina some of the German schools are supported in part by money appropriated by the German Government, and two of the important provinces of Brazil are largely populated from Germany. > U is not very ancient history that Germany tried to get a foothold on the western continent in the Danish West Indies. She tried also in Colombia, and was at one time said to be in negotiation with Venezuela for an island off her coast, to which, however. Great Britain proved title. "It is always in the official air in Washington, especially in war and naval circles, that the United States' future antagonist in war, as she is now in commerce in the Southlands, will be Germany. It is" not perhaps justifiable to say that Secretary Root has gone to Rio to diminish the, influence of Germany, especially in South America, but it is perhaps permissible to say that while in South America he will impress on its people, through its best representatives, that the line or real alliance is the United States and South America, and'not,South America.' in whole or in part, with' any foreign power. Ane 'drift of Mr. Root's private policy and work in South America may be assumed to be one of checkmating German ambitions. 