îil^^a8^;£enéraUy „anticipated, the 4fes»^n'«ouncil has'"been "knocked appeâi c'aàe Leviston v. the sbire. Solicrioï Wilkie and his barrister friends íiave had a good in ning'and the ratepayers will have to 1 bear the-' burden. The rehearsals of the two plays to be staged t by the Warragul drama tic clulr- shortly, are proceeding satisfactorily under the guidance of the stage manager, Mr. A. C. Lewis, who hopea to have everythhing ready for the first public appearance in July. (^Tesara . Holdenson and Nielson have just completed arraogements with the Railway department for a siding in connection with theirnew butter fac tory at WarraguL^W'he siding will shortly be madéf^aíter which the building of the factory will be gone on with. Mr. McLoon had a rather difficult task to perform at the labor league meeting in Trafalgar on Saturday even ing, but judging from the táct and firmness displayed by him as occasion required, the members are not likely to regret having chosen him as their first president. Things have been unusaaUy brisk ! at the Trafalgar mechanics' institute lately; meetings of various descriptions having been held there on nearly ; every evening during the paat fort night. Last evening there were two meetings—horticultural society and progress association (reports of which will appear in next issue). This even ing there will also be two meetings. The revenue is steadily increasing, and the debt' is gradually disappear ing. ' By advertisement on this page Messrs. Twenty man and William son, of Trafalgar, announce that they have entered into partnership as builders, contractors and general carpenters. Plans prepared and esti mates given for all descriptions of work. The firm has a good stock .of timber and building material at their timber yard and workshop, on the railway reserve. Both are thorough ly competent tradesmen» and the venture should prove successful to them and advantageous to the pub lic. At a meeting of the West Gippaland Football Association the protesta lodged by both sides in the .match lona v. Bunyip were considered. The game was won easily by the former team, but the defeated club objected to the victors playing M'Olure and Churchman on the grounds that they had not fulfilled the conditions of residence. Iona on their part lodged a similar objection against Stevenson and. Barry. It was decided to ask'all four players to sign a declaration and to postpone: the decision until the completion-of the play in the' fiwt" round of matches.—''-Guardian," • For.Chronic Chest Complaints, Woods' Great Peppermint Cure In the dairy, as in other spheres of life in this progressive age, old methods vanish and give place to new." Aaihe cream separator superceded the. old fashion of dish skimming, so the introduction of the "Hartnett" patent milking machine is bound to supercede the old method of hand milking, and we think we are on safe ground in predicting that in the immediate future all dairies of any importance will put aside hand-milking and iustal these wonderfully ingenious ma chines. The Government Agricultural College at Dookie has selected the "Hartnett" in preference to any other milking machine, and it has been milking there for months with' the most satisfactory results. Messrs. Holdeuson and Neilson, 521-527. 1* linders-street, who are also sole agents for the Danish-manufactured "Perfect" separators, "Perfect" churns? "Perfect" pasteurisers, and "Perfect" seamless steel milk and cream cans, have been appointed • sole agents for Victoria for the "Hartnett" milking machine, and they will be pleased to furnish catalogues and full information on application. From the following commènts in the Warragul "Guardian" of Tuesday it would appear that Mr. Irvine, Jate Stat'é Premier, bas definitely decided to stand for the Flinders electorate at the next federal elections:—"We have learned from a thoroughly reliable and authentic source, that Mr. W. H. Irvine has consented to allow himself to be nominated for the Flinders electorate, if convinced of support at different centres. We learn further that, although the news only arrived yesterday (Monday), requisitions hay© been eagerly signed at Daraum, Bloomfield, and Gainsborough. The matter cropped up at the Warragul progress association's meeting last night and it was evident that the movement will receive strong support in Warragul. We believe that this "will also be the case in Drouin, and in fact all the other centres. It is understood that Mr. J. Gibb, the present representative, intends to retire from politics, and such being - the case, no better man to take his place could be found in Australia than Mr. Irvine, who possesses ability, ex perience, eloquence and a "backbone." It will be a matter for congratulation that Mr. Irvine is willing to stand, and we wish the movement evety The fortnightly meetin^)^he Tra falgar branch of the A.N .A. was held ou Monday evening. Mr. Minfti-* dance of members were present. Une (president) presided, and a good atten* new member was proposed, and it was s ta ted that at every meeting of the lodge during the present year its strength had been increased by the addition of one pgr Tbe secretary^®r. point, d to ] opening of i qüefltion —"Should the C Gggeramènt Assist Immigration? jy The' Tarragon representatives failed to -0 put in an appearance, which .-«d some disappointment, both to membetfe- •' of the lodge and the public, a num ber of whom were preseut in anticipa tion of hearing the discussion. A syllabus for the ensuing six months was prepared, and ordered to be sent to Melbourne for insertion in the association's journal. After transaction of the ordinary busi all present (members and public) spent topics of interest, including the follow-* ing:—"Are school children overtaxed in their studies?" "Is the reading of fiction injurious?" "Has heredity or association the greater influence on man?" "Socialism." at Cure, r fails. 1«. 6d. 