News Diary. LOCAL AND GENERAL August 16. In the Legislative Assembly on Wed-<*> nesday Mr. Blair moved the second reading of the Mining Bill. At 10.27 p.m. Mr. Jenkinson moved the ad- journment of the debate, which was made an Order of the Day for next day. > Air. Rankin, Who is to supervise the work of raining 200 tons of Central district coal for test py the Admiralty, has submitted a preliminary report. Trustees of the Agricultural Bank on Wednesday approved six applications for advances, totalling £600.—' The celebrated picture, "The light of the World," will be taken to Rock haimpton on Friday night. At the Q.RjA. prize meeting on, Wednesday Mr. C. Bagley scored tlhe possible on a 20in. bull's eye at 700 yards, and scored, altogether, 148 points out of a possible 155.——Steamer Port Chalmers is reported to be ashore at the south end of Albany Pass. Queensland ladies' lawn tennis team on Wednesday defeated Airo. Barry's Sydney todies' team by 8 seta to 4. Gyanpie show ■Was opened on Wednesday by tlhe Gover nor, and was a great success. The de bate on the second reading of the Anti- Trust Bill was continued in the Senate on Wednesday and further adjourned.—ln the House of Representative* the debate on the resolution regarding duties on spirit* was continued, and an amendment by Sir J. Quick to reduce the duty to 14s. wa3 carried against the Government by 94 to 18\. Mr. Murray, Victorian Minister for Lands, has resigned. Eleven grocers at Wewtown (Sydney) -were fined for breaches of the Food Adulteration Act. August 17. In the Legislative Assambly yester day, Mr. Maxwell's motion, affir ming the desirableness of intro ducing <a biU authorising advances to mining machinery, was agreed to.- —Mr. Woods'* motion for the appointment of a Select Committee to inquire into the man* age men t of the railway stores branch, Ac., was negatived by 37 votes to 12. 'The debaite on the second reading of the Min ing Bill was continued and adjourned. Mr. A. Crease and Constable G. French tied for the King's Prize on Toowong range yesterday. In the shoot off Con* stable French won. Queensland defeated New South Wales in bowling yesterday by 93 to 72. Steamers Rutherglen and Naimsbire are expected to arrive shortly with large shipments of steel rails. Manager of the Brisbane Tramways Com pany pays a high tribute to the way in which the police handled the traffic dur ing Exhibition week.—Steamer Mareeba arrived in Brisbane yesterday with two Shipwrecked sailor* who had spent seven months on Easter Island, in the Pacific. —p Four aborigines have been arrested in connection with the murder of a black fellow at Ukalunda, near Bowen. —-Min- ister for Railways yesterday promised to consider a proposal to enable the resi dents of the Western district* to visit tlhe seaside during the summer. During July 308 birbhs and 100 deaths were registered in Brisbane. Soutih Brisbane, and suburbs. An Indian farmer named Peter Singh was shot near Degilbo by a fellow-country man, who has been arrested on a charge of murder. Governor-General has aban doned his intended motor-car tour in Northern New South Wales, owing to un settled weather, and will return to Syd ney via Brisbane. -In the Senate yester day, the debate on the bill to abolish the sale of intoxicants in military camps and canteens was continued, and further adjourned.-—The debate on the second reading of the Anti-Trust Bill was also continued, and further adjourned. In the House of Representatives, the new excise duties on spirits were adopted. The Budget debate was resumed, and pro gress reported. Royal Commission on Papuan Affairs will be officially consti tuted next week. Mr. Deakin intends introducing a bill to amend the Electoral Act, so as to provide for fhe contingent vote at the coming election*. A bill has been introduced in the Senate to amend tihe Constitution Act with regard to Senate elections. At a meeting of com mercial men hi Sydney it was resolved te urge the Federal and State Governments to take more active measures to induce immigration. ™. ~ August 11. The Governor-General arrived at Lismore yesterday from Grafton, ■ Some human bones found on the Tweed are believed to be those of a child -who disappeared in March last. Or. Danysz's rabbit destruction experi ments are proceeding at the offices of the Board of Health in Sydney. The Demo cratic Union is vigorously conducting the work of organisation throughout New South Wales on Anti-Socialist lines. Dr. Little, candidate for fhe House of Representa tives, successfully opened his campaign last night. The Rifle Clubs' Match, dioV at Toowong yesterday, tow won by the Darling Downs Club.——Queensland agaxni defeated New SputSi Wales at bowling yes* terday, scoring 120 to the visitors' 100.—* (Mr. R. Craig, a resident of the Warwick district for over fifty years, died at Freer stone on Thursday night.— —Mr. JosUIS >Booth, an old resident of Toowoomba, jd\d yesterday morning. John Pitzpat !«sd\ was seriously injured near Gattoa yesaerday by being thrown from "his 'horse. .-^-plessre. Woods and Jackson, MM.L.A., -ba/e had an interview with the Ministcn for Lands with a view to opening up the "Evelyn tableland in the Atherton district. In the Senate yesterday, a bill to amend the Constitution Act so that the Senate elections can be 'held simultaneously with those for tihe House of Representatives in the first six months of the year, was read a first time. The debate on the Anti-Trust Bill was con tinued and adjourned. Jn the House of Representatives, tihe Budget debate was resumed, and progress reported. August 20. Andrew Keating, a Queenskrader, baa been killed by a train in Victoria.—Mr. W. IW. Hood, in an interview deahng ■with the rabbit pest, declared the cutting down of the wibeady totheCJenti^ Rabbit (Board was a serious blunder. The [Home Secretary stated on Saturday that in his opinion the costs of the M'Kenny case should be borne by, the whole of the Balmoral Shire.-- An agricultural traction engine, imported from America by Mr. R. Clifton, of Oakey and Warra, left Brisbane on Saturday on its 200 mile trip to Logie Plains. --Major Haag stated on Saturday that in Aus tralia cavalry officers were not expected to have knowledge of infantry advance and attack, and this was a mistake. —— Mr. it. Sinclair and Major Deacon addressed a public meeting at Ipswich on Federal politics on Saturday nigrht—— The Soutihiern Queensland Cooperative Company lias selected Kingston for tlhe factory cite. A branch of the Amti sociatism League was, formed at Bunda iberg. A memorial *to the late Mr. B. B. Ttierao, the chiampdon swimmer, was unveiled at the Gore Hill Cemetery, Syd ney, yesterday. The GatttmonweaWh electoral authorities have arraugemenita well in hand in new off the general elec tion* taking place 'before tihe end ■ of ■ No vember. -The Higih Court will sit "In (Brisbane on October 1. August 21. Minister for Railways informed a deputation yesterday that no intoxicants would be sold at the proposed railway refreshment rooms at Pinkenbn. General traffic manager is in quiring into the question of running ex cursion trains to tfhe fruit districts near the metropolis. HJkLS. Torch arrived in Brisbane yesterday after a visit to the South Sea Islands and New Guinea. During the voyage of HJH.S. Torch ant armed boat's crew was landed at Kwai. end the natives fined for having detained boys from Queensland. The wheat crop n the Maronoa is pnomistng <weU. Dor ing last week 90 portions, toiaUrng 27.004 acres, were taken up in Queensland as Bftriculturatt selections. Chief Justice yes terday strongly commented on the short' age of Judge*, and declared the way in which the court business was conducted at present was disgraceful. The woikof preparation for laying the railway fine from Richmond towards Cloncurry m being pushed ahead. Governor-General passed through Laidley yesterday morning, and in a speech thanked the Queensland people for their kindness. Peter Lausen* a Dane, committed suicide near Rock* hampton, by hanging himself. A con ference of interstate delegates from farmers and settlers' associations is being held in Sydney to (formulate a pohtwsi programme for Federal action. la*6*" slate Savings Bank Conference has been concluded in Sydney. N.S.W. Cricket Association has decided to remove the sumenskms on M'Kay, Carter, HopknMr, and O'Connor. No answer has been re ceived toy (the Board of Control from the Marylebone Club regarding an English team for Australia. A „ August 22. In ti»2 lopislativf Council yeste*. »lay, Mr. Maqphewen gave notice of intention to move foi tlhe intro duction oi a till to amend the law relating to the distribution of the estate* of married women dying intestate. The Harbour Dues Act Amendment Bill was read a second time. The Native Animals Protection Bill was amended, and passed through Committee. The Industrial Schooli Bill was put through Committee withoutl amendment, and the Ancient Lights De claratory Bill was read a second time and T>ut through Committee without amend* meat. In the Legislative Assembly the Mining Bill -was read a second time. The Charters Towers Water Board Bill passed its committal stage, and the third reading was fixed for to^ay. Booroodabin Crab yesterday defeated New South Wales by 101 to 76.- —Negotiations between the South Brisbane Municipal Council and the Brisbane Tramways Company, wherebj the latter shall have control oi Dutton Park, are nearing completion. It is in tended to convert the park into a idea sure resort.-—'Doling Exhibition week 15,379 passengers, whose fares totalled £7479, were carried over the railways.— The Maryborough Poultry Club intends to" bold a show devoted entirely to birds suit aflbfle for export. A Japanese named Sadakifihi Yaraido was accidentally drowned while crossing the Herbert River on horseback on Saturday night. The local authorities' committee appointed to draw up a report regarding the constitution of the Brisbane Board of Waterworks met yesterday. New, Zealand Parliament was opened yes terday. Hon. L. E. Groom yesterday, entertained the delegates to tlhe Confer ence on Transferred Properties now being held m Melbourne.—Public Service Cosn misßioner 'has approved of the appoint ment of females to the next five vacanieg in the Brisbane Telephone Exchange.-— - The final payment has been made in can? nectfcm -with, the purchase of the Great Oobar Copper Syndicate^ properties by , $!ngtißh capjtaliste. Ootmctl-of tkhe Fede rated Fanners' organisations yesterday passed a resolution declaring that the omission of Brisbane as a port of call >& the mail contract was a gross injustice. .< An Irish bacon curer, who cured samples of frozen pork from Queensland, Reports the pigs to be better than Cana dian pea-fed pork, and it of the opinion that they -will even beat Danish. Lord Chelmsford, accompanied by Sir R. Thi bet, Governor of Victoria, will arrive at \- Qfaarleville on Snrturday evening. Twenty-five men who were engaged in the -South for Fairymead plantation have re fused to start work.-'—ln the Senate yes terday the second reading of tibe Anti- Trust Bill was agreed to, and die bill con sidered in Oomnuttee. ——In the Home of Representatives a bill to amend the Elec toral Act was read a first time. The Budget debate was resumed and concluded, and the first item in the Budget resolu taon* agreed to. Preferential trade with New Zealand in several articles will be established next week. 