. AROUND THE GLOBE I ' NEWS IN A NUTSHELL . f1 "'Thus we may see,' quoth he, 'how the world wags.' » — SHAKE8FEARE. The South African footballers (defeated Monmouthshlre.by 17 to nil. i» . » » . . - 'A i lniah : fire : in .the -Jerllderle- district on . Wednesday : destroyed ( about 29,990 acreb of grass. ' is London : newspapers have : commented upon ; the -reciprocity treaty betiVeen New Zealand and. South Africa, » » :: -A.negrovnamed Garrett; has Been tiled for v murder In Texas, Convicted, sentenced, arid 'hanged within twd hoilrs. . . \- » » . A man named Adam Oliver, employed at 'Delegate station, had his leg severely, crush-, £d by a loaded waggon. .< ... '.x. : . i . . The estimated wheat yield in Western 'Australia . this ...season Is 2,309,304 bushels, < averaging 10.0 Bushels »er acre; , - . The; Federal - GoVerhnifeht 10 paying the . : (Metropolitan Bbard <4f WbbkS, - Melbourne; ; 1£4000 for water- hnd sSttfetakd i-ates; . - , . ».-.» ( . i An .-armed' burglar was captured by the Adelaide- police ivlth booty which had been- 'Stolen frotn.a buslhess establishment; \- i . . fc The Archblshbp of Canterbilry telegraph- \- :,ed to Mr;. A, iionald Rainy; M.P.; : his re-: grets at the death of PHncipal Rainy; .-.-j- .v -»». » . . -vlt- Is -proposed to start the construction, of .the ;flrst sectloh-df the North Coast ;rallwdy 'XMaltland to Taree, lio miles) at both ends. C : ' .-Commonwealth gold exports up to date this year -have -totalled, £i4;900,000; dn lnbrease of i£5,609,000: cbm-pared with last . year's aggre gate; - - „ ' 1 v A; bomb: dropped - by- a traveller at the, \- ICharkoff -railway . station, Southern Russia, killed two . passengers, and injured several .-others. v:. - \- .. „ . «'.: . ..'« .. : Prince Sadanaru Fushiml of Japan has \- been ordered- to proceed to England to return .ithe visit. paid by -Prince Arthur of Gonnaugitt . -to Japan :,, . 1 ; ... - ».-... An earthquake destroyed half the town of \- Arlca; in Clilll, - and Injured Several people, Damage was ..also done in Iquique and PlSagUa. , ; . » . . «';' . The recent rain lias done an immense amount of good, to the corn crops and grass In the Inverell district, but some damage to ..the ripe, wheat; . « . » . » Berlin-. official -circles arc sanguine that the war In South-west Africa will soon be ended. It is. asserted that many of the na tives have surrendered. „ .„: ' , The Brisbane police have b'eeh advised that a man- named John -Lynch died at Petrle- terrace,. -lrom the effects of carbolic acid taken in mistake: for rum. ».»-»- -,,-» A young, woman; who-appeared at a Cape- . town fancy dress ball; as Joan of Arc wore a six-chambered revolver In her belt In ad dition to the historic costdme; -. . .At Murranumbla , Station, Cooma, four shearers averaged 204 sheep each for one. day (with machines.: . Nearly . all ; the large! . sheds inr-the Cooma district have cut out. / . A young girl, Ethel Boyoe, while riding In u. swing-boat at the Allehdale sports; Broken Hill,' yesterday; had-the lop 'of one of , her fingers torii off, owing to. the boat striking the frame. .. »... Thomas Laldlaw.\vas;-burned to death In a fire tyhlch destroyed a . boardlnghouse In HJnrlStcnurcn fiN.Z/;;. ine imiuesi una ueeu adjourned to allow the police to make lii- qulrles. : ... » . « . When-finishing the last race In Araluen on Boxing' Day Eiqquence fell over a dog, JThe rider, Michael Coman, had his skull frac tured; -and remnlhed unconscious till his: death last e'venlng. . » . -l-:» - C « . Aboiit' 200 boatmen . of Dover, Deal, and JWalmer will be deprived of- their principal means of livelihood by the stationing of an \- additional steam pilot cutter off Dover to "-land -and embark pilots. - « ' " « \- . A little boy named: AJi Foo, who was .in-- jjured at Auchenllower (Q.), on Wednesday night; by. the- premature explosion of a ship's rocket, died In .. the Children's Hospital; Brisbane, yesterday. . , Mr. J. W. Taylor, founder of the well- known firm of bell-malcers In Loughboroiigh .(Eng.), died on November 20 after a brief Ill ness;. -Among .many otlier bells, he designed '"Great Paul" for St. Paul's Cathedral. ..-»»'.»-» .»» \- The Moorish Minister. ;of War says that- Raisuli Is quiet, and wili remain so without .undertaking, any ,- act of hostility against i Europeans. In . Tangier, it;- la believed ..that : "RAISUli received a large sum of money to keep quiet. . » » . . . In- an Interview last month Andrew Car- -. negle -denied that lie had any knowledge of the report- 'recently circulated to the effect that" he-Intended devoting l;000;l)00dbl. oh his JnOoine for furthering the cause of Interna- tlonal peace. - : v .7 ' » « ' . m . The Cobden Club lias" reminded the Brl- , . tlsh '.Government .that It Is pledked to eco- . nomy;- and. it .suggests a reduction In the estimates for 1907; The Prime Minister said \- .that he was glad that thfc cliib was alive .to the; danger ;of needless or provocative expenditure. \- ' ' . 9 " It was recently reported from Melbourne that Mr. Lionel -Ro'blnson, of Melbourne and i iLondon,- had bought 80;000 Mount Morgan " Shares held by the Queensland Nsiticinal -iBank. It Is now said that the I'deal" repre- sents £360,000, namely; 80,000 shares at: DOS; This Is , asserted to be the largest "deai" from one vendor fo one purchaser ever made in Australia in. mining shares. A, gentleman in Madras has written to the president of the Immigration League of Atis- .traiia to thd effect that after careful con sideration of the Information sent to lilm and a perusal of the books also forwarded, he and his family have decided to come to Austra lia. -They number 23 persons, as some of, his eons-' aro married. They are all prepared to go lh for farming; and four of the sons are already on the way. « . » A-.masS meeting of the builders'- labourers in Adelaide last night endorsed the resdlu- ition. passed by tlie South Australian United Builders' Labourers' Society ladt week that after January 1 the wages of builders' la bourers be 8s a day. The 'Master Builders' Association has. Ifenored the communication giving the redult of the society's decision; arid It now rests with the association to approach. ,tho men. . » ' On Christmas.Day, at Dlrhbocfla (Vic.), on the 'main line to Adelaide, a labouring man,' Phillip Owen,- in the employment of Ber- nard Sohu'ltz, farmer/was cut' to pieces by " the up mall special. ' The driver, .James O'Regan noticed an object on the rails near the spot where the accident occurred; but in the dim light -of the morning thought that It was simply a hat on the line. In passing the felt no bump, and he never dreamt that (he had passed over a man. iThe_ remains were discovered by a platelayer. The head was found 20 yards, away.. At the. Inquest a (Verdict of accidental death was returned. The Sydney Labour -Council has decided to affiliate to the Folitleai-Labolir League. » » - , » Arthur Booth. 25 years of age,, was gored to death by a bull on a farm near. Oaklelgh (V'lO;) yesterday. , " » - . : » In oonheetlon with the'; . late rains In' Queensland, the average fall throughout the cane area is estimated at 'nearly five Inches, # » ' » The Criterion Hoteliin Blenheim (N.Z.); has; been destroyed by fire. The boarders had a nirrow escape. The Insurances amount to, £4500. . ' m m Mr.- Mauger, Acting-Minister of Home Af fairs,, advocates something analogous to a: oompUlsory. enrolment of voters on the een- sus system. . »,'». ' Between 80 an'd 100 Solomon Islanders have been, sent from Bwi'aabergt (Qi) to join the. Steamer Malalta, which wiii sail from Brls- bane on the 31st inst. » » " .'» " , . The ninth -week of idleness In the building tbade lit Mel-bourne was entered' upon yest'er- day. . There is, no immediate prospect of a settlement of the strike., . « - -.-At- the Homebush sales yesterday prices for. sheep remained: practically -unchanged; but -cattle rose from 10s to 16s; and In some .instances to £1, on late rates. ; It IS reported in Melbourhe that the New. South Wales Government has been making lHquirles with respect to -Mr. Tait, Chief Commissioner of Railways .in Vlctorla.- . » . ».--- The Royal Hotel In Bogga-brl narrowly, es caped destruction by fire on Wednesday., The- curtains in the. parlour- were found' alight, a.nd; after mlich difficulty, the fire was ex tinguished. ' .».»:. During a fracas between whites and ltana- Jtos In Bundaberg (Q;) a man .named John Toomey was stabbed four times in. the back with a poeket-knlfe. - The wounds,, however, were not serious. , ; .'' .. > » . ». ' ' The district roads engineer In Cooma has made an Inspection of the track between. Klandra and Kosciusko, .and has ridden over; the traok.that Governor Carrington traversed whert visiting -Kosciusko. -Marconi has been approached to instal an ultra- potent wlreless.telegrapliy station in the' astronomical observatory at- the Vatican for ! \- the-purpose of. enabling; the Pope. to commu nicate with the whole -world. » . »v.'...u ... The tick quarantine -restrictions at Tweed Heads have been removed, to the extent, of allowing working horses to go in and out. Business people ,at the Heads are gratified that the regulations -haye been -altered. , ; . . »..,- , ;. ' ' Mr. Sawyers, one of the New Zealand Go vernment-experts, will, at the request of Mr. Swinburne, the .Victorian. Minister of Agricul ture, proceed to Hielbournc to act as Judge of the . dairy produce in-, the Victorian show In January. \- : .7 ' .According to the Agent-General," recent shipments of butter have been. affected by a peculiar woody, flavour. It is believed that the paeklng of the butter In boxes made of unseasoned timber is responsible for the woody flavour. . . » «. « . . .Mr. O. H. B. Starte, B;A„ -of Clare College, who has. won the University Bhaonagar me dal at Cambridge, was originally educated In an, elementary school,. where he -gained a scholarship In a.'grammar school, and subse quently one at college... », - w' a uo otcauicis x/uimiuttn ana vTienasnip ' were unable to get out over , the bar at the Tweed River till Thursday morning, having been barbound since Saturday. ,T.he bar Is .rapidly, increasing, and IE something Is not d.qne. sopn, it; may form a complete block to . navigation; x . i:.1-".;,-' ' It is announced in' Copenhagen that the American patent rights of the system of- )V!i'eless telegraphy invented by -WaldehiAv' Poulsen, the. Danish engineer, have been sold to .Lord Armstrong and Sigurd Bojesen. c>f for.-. £100,000. The' purchase-money is to be paid at latest In -September.- 1907, An English mining expert named Bursiem, teports the discover of a large goldfleld In the Republic of Panama; near the Chagres R|ver.; .He Is going to New York to consult capitalists with , a, view to rormlng a com- . P.any.ito, work the. deposits;, which are alleged to covcf fully twelve square miles. . ..» »:..»»- \- .The Victorian Government war annrnofihA/l. about a fortnight ago by an Influential com pany with an offer -to, carry oujt the eleetrlfi- potion of, 4b rnlies of tiie suburban raiiways. Ine matter has not been considered as a' committee. Is now In- existence. Investigating the question df electrifieiitldh. The cost of the work Is estimated at £2,000,090. » . The Ldndon "Times" censures the repeal of the Peace Preservation Act, which was drlglnally ihtrddiiced by a Liberal Govern ment iri 1883; The paper says that the ASt has been unobtrusively dropped, though crlnie In Ireland proves that the old spirit of law less violence Is In rid way dead. . » » "m It has been determined by the Victorian Government to proceed with' the. sehemd for utilising prison labour In Pentridge. Gome of, the prisoners will be engaged In making wire netting, it Is intended. -that vigorous men who have only three months of service to go shall be employed in- road-making. The men will receive a small payment. A deputation waited in Perth (W.A.) oh the Minister of . "YSforks In connection with- the Perth water supply. The Minister pro mised to lay an elght-hich pipe from Midland , Junction to Perth, at a cost of £6000, to draiv half a million gallons dally from the Muhdaring reservoir, which supplies the eastern goldfields; He also promised to sink another bore In Perth to augment the supply; . A drbiVnlng accident occurred at Crib Point (Vic.) on Christinas Day, the victim being a boy named Gilbert Ashton Flynn, 7 years df age. He arrived at Crib Point with his mother on a visit to his grandparents at 11 a.m. on Christmas Day, and shortly after dinner he was missing. After a search had been made for some time his aunt (Mrs. Boe), seeing some bubbles rising from a wa ter-hole, jumped In, and found the body. An endeavour was made to restore animation, 'but without success. ' '». A New York telegram .of November 20 says: —At the instance of his counsel, three experts. In mental disease have examined Harry Thaw, 'Who Is awaiting trial in New York on a charge c-f murdering -Stanford White In Jilly last. They report that the .prisoner was lttsane when he killed White, but do not say that he Is insane now. They find that Thaw Oias f-rdm time to time suffered from emo tional insanity. The report seems to Indicate that a. plea of emotional Insanity will be the defence. i »»»» It was reported c.n the Manchester Royal Exchange on November 20 that Japan was endeavouring to place a stupendous order for spindles among the Lancashire engineering firms, though the rumour of 3,000,000 spindles was regarded generally as exaggerated. One Oldham firm, It was asserted, had been asked to supply 000,000 spindles, which, on the basis of the present mills In Japan, would mean an addition of twenty factories In that cpuntry. It Is said; however, that the delivery was too lifirMit for the firm to accept the order. 