OUR BUTTEK ABROAD ? -or ? SELMNU THIIEC'r 'I'll TIIK WIIOLi: S.VLKIi. A NEW JJEl'AliTUlli:. AX ENGLISH. ^IKItCllANT'S VIEW. Last, year the Coastal Fanners' C'o opcKativc Company entered upon an ex periment which marks t-h« heguiuing of what, may prove U- he another step for ward in tlio ihiuulMng of our butter abroad (says tilie 'S. D. Toitegmph'). I,n December fi'ial shipments wore made direct- ito wluil-i«!iloi-i.- (Ih.iw pitHiufi. iMif tlie Tooloy street couunisaiou. The rc siiit. of those shipments, .ivlt'liougili they mot jv very disturbed market, was oii the /whole very satisfactory, inasmuch as the majority of tho factories that participated in the experiment receiv ed, on the average,- about 2/ per cwt. more tlin'. they dkl on the butler dis posed of in the usual way through Tool ey street Jinudlers. In a- ivord, tho pro ducciv benefited (sufficiently througii he iiijf brought a stage closer to the con sumer to justify a further test of the expediency of doing business on those linofl this season. The large wholesale provision house wffli which the Coastal Farmers are at present dealing is Messrs. Wilier and. Ri.lcy, Ltd. — a house ?wifTi headquarters in Manchester,, branch ?warehouses in London. Liverpool, Benningha.ni, Brad ford, Newcastle, Cai-aifE 'and Sheffield, and ngioncies in BrTstol and Glasgow. T.ho organising director is Mr. S. Tur ner, F.R.G.S., who is now in Sydney; ?and as giving soms indication of the arear wlncli may nowadays ue covered by the 'business operations of a big Bri tish food supply iinu. it may bc of in terest to inoiifion that by December next Mr. Turner will .have 'done' the g.lobc twice, and wili! have travelled 25,000 miles by ?water and rail in 'the colonies' alone. GROWTH OF AUSmALIAiN IN / ,; DTJSTRY. Discussing fiomo aspects of his busi ness mission with the writer. Mr. Tur ner nfforded much. ..information of in terest to producers -on this side of' Hie water. 'There are.' he said, 'about 20 importers, 7000. to 8000 wholesalers, jmd roug'liily- about 70,000 retailers en gaged in the food supply of over 40 millions , of British people. My firm re presente one of the -n-holesalei-s, 6o you see that New South Wales is just touch ing the fringe of direct distribution to tlie retailer. Now, I ea-y tHiat the growth of the New South WaCes butter industry — indeed, of the Australasian butter industry — demands direct distri bution, because it cuts out unnecessary middle profits. , This is the explanation ?why tho Dane is getting a far better ?price, for liifi stall-fed' winter blotter when your fiill-grass-fed butter arrives. In time up-to-date distribution ?will' con New South Wailcs butter and Danish. ' The reason, why we have now eight warehoufics is becauso nearly 19 years ago we were appointed the ?sole agents for th Farmers of 'Denmark Butter Ex port Association,, and -wo are still their sole North of England agents. Wo have over 10,000 retail customers on our books, Mad' these -customers are- called' upon weekly by several travellers from each warehouse. Before the eoimnenee me.nt of Cast year -we- were entirely de pendent upon Tooley street for our sup plies. Last, year we succeeded 'Lu secur ing 1500 tons of butter and cheese i'rom Aiista-a.lia ? aucl New Zealand, alnd owr prices have represented an advanced price to the consignors. Tlio consequence i.s that we Jiave got. this year 1S0O tons of butter anil cheese in -New Zealand, nnd we expect between 600 and 700 tons oC butter in Australia, although we have never pushed business liere. In .proof that the more direct handling is ap pealing strongly to the- producers, I may mention that the large Elthain fac tory ill New Zealand has refused a buy ing offeV of 11 Jd. for its whcile season's output, preferring to consign to us again-. , IN THE ENGLISH IMAttKKT. _ 'In regard to our business with tho coastal farmers, it. is to be noted ilul their consignments diet not tleuvc here until December, tuwl coiisefjiu'iit-ly met the English market during one of lie most serious slumps that has been ex perienced during tlie last. 10 years; still I think Mr. Mcares will bear me out in saying that in nearly every case tho net returns were ahead of those real ised in 'lVioley street. We introduced now brands on the market for each factory, never handling1 the same brand as Tooley street, although it -was tho same buttfr. Now. I think the fact that although Tooley street has had cer tain -brand'* 'for several years, we were nblo ,to start with ne-w brands ou a slumped market, and y-cl- got- bolter ?prices, may well lie called -remarkable. Jt 'is the proof of a. powerful system, 'becauso flic 'brands that are neglected on ii trailing market, which weigh the market down, in foot, axo the brands which are not ivell know.n. SELLING ON FARMERS' OWN * INVOICES. 'Sow. it'Mlor our arrangement* with Mr.. M.'arw, a« soon as our consign. Jineiits from hi.s company reach 1000 boxes -per »wk, we will sell on the coastal farmers' own invoices, which means, really, that we will keep the coastal 'i'arnuTrt' books in England. Tho ?invoice.* will go direct, to the retailers, just as I'licy do in the case of the butter w-lrt on behalf of tho Farmers of Den z mark ICxport Association. -tv ;ih 'it the rasi- of Hu- I'^it ham factory in Xi-w Ze:i ?lauil. That will lie t'lic (list lime in tlir history of tho Australian produce trade thai tin- factoi-iiw will liavn their butter invoiced direct to Ihi^ British relai'lcr -m their own invoice. Kaeli factory '« butter will bo pushed on it* -1u;il.ity — t'liat. is; of ctiiux!, t,lu- fpiality it shows wh.-ii being turned oat in England, which is not always its c|iiality as it leaves here. It itt ailso on the cards that we may push a special label. t«- that when the but tor is turned out on the retailer's counter. tJio British public may be able to identify it. I may cite to you art instance of the up-to-d-ale me thod of advertising which we adopt from time to time. When WaliV was playing Now Zealand sit I'ool.bniM in the town of Cardiff, one of our retail cus tomers took a. page, in the. leading pa per, and displayed the advertisement : 'Wales may be able to beat Now Zea Janid at ?football, but New ZcaOand can lick ciention at making butter.' In ad dition to that page advertisement, he distributed 10,000 handbills to tlie pub lie, and exhibited a' windowful of Fitiinni butter, with t'lie words 'Direct from the Elthuni dairies' dn large letters across it. We encourage this «-rt of ad vertisement, the object being to got the brands of New Zealand aaid Australian butter known in British hornet?. TJn cler tihe system of invoicing the butter direct, the coastal farmers have a. guar antee that every cent tlin-t wo make i.s accounted for 'to them on their in voices, iwhich are :t copy of our books.' Mr., Turner points out that, the C'lnatlia.n and Irish exporters arc now nearly all soiling direct to the whole salers; only one or two importing firms are handling Canadian or Irish butter at all. The Dan* has got completely past the. importer, and Mr. Turner have even gone further aiiul said that in so far as TiOiulon is concerned, at all events, the Dane, making the most of his proximity, is also getting past the wholesaler, and is deaOing straight with the retailer. PKESENT imiCE*. In Mr. -Turner's opinion there is every probability of, tho present price of one shilling iiastiaig -right. through tlie export season. „ Indeed,- he thinks that Clierc is a. great time in store for all food producing countries, especiaJIy those ex porting dairy commodition. He confirms our statement in these columns a few days ago, when directing attention par ticularly to the possibilities of tihe pig industry, that the United States of America- are. no longer the exporters that they were five or so yeaiis ago,, that German energies are going more and more into manufactures to tflic- re lative neglect of the primary industries, and largely in consequence of this we see Germany now absorbing enormous quantities of Siberian butter. 'Apart from that,' remarked Mr. Turner, ''the 'consuming power of Groat Britain is increasing very .miidh. All you want to do is to lcok after your trade opportun ities, and make the nuost of them. The country from which the greatest competition is to bo expected is' Siberia. Of tliiis, Mr. Turner entertains no doubt. He claims .to have studied Siberia- 'care fully, and is tlhc author of a -work' on it. At present immigrants are pouring in there at tlie rate of a. quarter of a million a year, and they will soon tell. However, from our point of view, as rival caterers for Uio world's -custom, ire may derive some consolation from the reflection that the teeming millions of mighty Russia are expanding their ddcas of Viliat constitutes a sqiiare meal, and how to get it. So that it is rea sonable to expect that the incrcise of production in Siberia, will be accompan ied by an increase of consumption ii1 Itiissia, whic.1i, while it may .uot be -re- latively as great, will, at any rate, be considerable. Argentina is the other country we have got to kce.p our eye ou. Dairy production. Mr. Tinnier says, is increasing there, although it lias been temporarily cliecked' by ti drought. But, given the utmost use of the most up-to-date methods, Austra lia, iu so far a.s .her primary industries ar? conceni'.'d. can 'look en the trailing outlook with composure. 