Jottings. — i The Government Biologist ol Now Zealand (Mr. Kirk) states -that pota to- growers Buffered most serious losses during the past seasoa. Tho aipu un- der potatoes in 1903-4 was 81,778 acrps ; in 1904-5 it was 26,831 acres, allowing u decrease of 5447 acres. Disease has reduced the yield iby fully two tons per. acre, which equals 52,- 6(02 tons, which 'at only £3 pen ton means a direct loss of £157,986. Some rock-melone grown at the Mo- ree artesian irrigation farm have lieen received by. the In rector of 'Agniculture, Mr. W. S. Campbell. The seeds were obtained frpm Asiu-Minoif, and include a number of varieties, many of whioh aria unknown here. One specimen is quite white, without marks or, coloring of any kind, while another presents a mottled', appearance of yellow and btpwn, which is very striking. 'The plants have grown vciy freely , and are bearing prphficaily. Denmarjk has scored in the London bacon market, just as in the butter trade. Some - of the methods of Dan ish pig-breeders are instructive, and give another instanoe of the extent to Which co-operation is practised in many Continental countries. Unless individual farmers are very extensive breeders, they do not keep boars of their, own. 'Neatjly all of the boars are owned by pig-breeding societies, and kept at various centres for, use by members. It is claimed that this sys tem is not only economical, but that it leads to quality and uniforpiity, much appreciated by the trride. The co-operation bacon factories aip thus kept in closo touch both in the breed ing and' marketing. Tho total area of land now in occu pation in New Zealand is ovec<: 87 million acres, an incrpase of 650,000 acres since last year. Compared with last year,, the area under wheat for. threshing shows a decrease of oven 85,000 acr.es. Oats show an increase of 19,000 acres. The number, of sheep in the colony is something over 19 million. The dairy division of the New Zea land Department of AgriouHure _ Is this year making tests of the keeping qualities of New Zealand butter on rather a 1 amerce scale than was attemp ted1 last year. If a consignment of but ter. coming forward for grading at tracts attention as likely to deterior ate before reaching the London mark et, a box is' secured arid kept in cool store for, two months wader conditions resembling as closely as possible those of the voyage home. It is then open ed up and examined, and any change of condition is noticed, the report' act ing both as a check on the grading and as an indication to the factory of the necessity for a remedy. Samp les of butter which show 110 defects are also taken for similar, testing, the factories in all cases showing themsel ves willing to meet the department in the matter. It may be mentioned (sayB the "Otago Daily Times ") that Denmark pays something like £2000 a yjctajq on account t>f deprefcia)tKi of 'samples taken for similar, tests. It takes a large quantity of food to make a large quantity of tnilk. The time and attention necessary to pro perly care for cows is about the same with the beat as it is with the medium or poor ones. There is no profit un til the product obtained is sufficient to pay all expenses. ClentalineaS is the first essential in making good butter. The best cows are reared as calves on the form. It rarely happens that a farmer is willing to' sell his best hefiferp. Dairymen who depend on buying their, cows must expect to take what the breeders do not cane to keep. Short experiments have proved to the satisfaction of experiment station- men; that the fat content of milk can not be increased by the kind of qual ity of feed and the theory lias grown around such experiments that it is im possible to incrpase the richness of milk foy feeding. The Nmv Zealand Dairy Commission er, Mr. Kinsella, docs not fear butter competition from the Argentine, which, he says, is largely a beef country, and dairying is curried on there in a very primitive style. The chief dairy farm ers of Now Zealand and Australia, he says, can rest at peace for, a number of yeorp. They can grpw beef in the Argentine so ousily, and they hare such a beautiful climate and excellent grass, that it is very difficult, even with cheap labor, to got the settlers to get in for dairying. Most of tho milking, Mr. Kinsella says, is done now, not by the Spanish, but by people who migrated from -the southern part of Franco in the early days. If theip Is one thing whioh has brought Denmark 'to tlw front as a butter-producing country it is tho ado ption of the system of wooding out the cows whioh arp " eating their heads off." Tho Danish farmers in the early duys found that they wrap putting too many cows cm their small sections', and came to the conclusion that they must keep fewer cows and' 'better, cows. This system lias proved a marvellous suc cess, and something of the some de scription should bo 'trjed in this State. Tho Danes formed testing societies, each of whioh comprised so many sett lers, owning, say, 50 or 60 cows, They have a tax of Is per head _ on each cow, and th'o Government paid a bonus on this amount to provide a salary for a. man to test them. There were 850 of these societies in Den mark, and the result of their altera tions (shown by the increased returns from tho herds) would astonish dairy men in the Commonwealth. Modem methods of dairying were not. introduced into Siberia without fric tion. In the Altai region the supersti tious peasantry spoke of separators us " devils," and laid upon tibemi the blame for a famine that occurred and lasted for; three years. Towards tho end of the third year tlio peoplo _ at tacked the creameries, owned principal ly by Danish immigrants, and when not driven off with firearms carp od off the separators, which they threw into1 the . incur, pal r.ivcr. Unfortunately, this raid on tho separators was followed by the end of the famino, and a har vest much better 'than that of tho pre vious years. This coincidence confirm ed tho peasantry in their belief that tho separators wore of diobolieal ori gin, and strengthened their, resolution | to make an end of them. This singu- i lar. belief has done much to retard the , development of dairying in tho Altai country. , . ; 