Items of /Interest.-'.. Tnn ? debate' betweou Mr. Reid and Mr. Holmanon socialism will take place probably on April 2. ? * » O ? » A son of an Italian banker at Now York has boen kidnapped. A ransom of £4000 is demanded. ? m » . ? « A largo number of the licensed vic tuallers of South Brisbane have decided to close their hotels entirely on Sundays. ' « * ? * « * . The steamer Hastings, whioh wont aground at Port Macquarrie, has' been successfully floated. She was found to be leaking. \- ? * ? ? ? « The butter exported from Victoria to the United Kingdom for February amounted to £71,958, showing an in crease of value on that of February of last year of about £21,500. * . * * * * In the House of Commmons a resolu tion in favor of payment of members was carried by 362 to 110. Tho Liberals, Labourites, and Nationalists supported the motion, which was opposed by the ? Unionists. * * * * * . I. An aboriginal named Sundeman died' at Harwood recently. Deceased was one of the oldest blacks in the district, and is said to have been concerned in many of the conflicts between blacks and whites in the early days of the district. ***??* The night watchman at Casino one night recently discovered another out break of- fire in a cottage belonging to Mr. A. C. Simpson. A swagman was seen leaving the cottage (which was unoc- ? cupied) shortly beforo the fire was dis cov ered. ? ? » « * « In Svdnev lust week tho first informa tion against Richard Malouf, the alleged [ prohibited immigrant, was dismissed, the i magistrate holding that the exemption . . ! certificate issued to Malouf was invalid. The second charge against defendant | was adjourned for a week. Good old ' White Australia.' ? * # ♦ # At Casino police court on Friday last John Dezoet was charged with stealing one cow and calf the property of J. B. McDougall, of Casino. Constable Ridge, stationed at Kyogle, gave evidence in which he stated that accused had told \ him he purchased the cow from a drover named Coon for £8 10s. Not being able to trace the cow the constable arrested accused. J. B. McDougall deposed tho cow was his property and he valued her and the heifer at £10 or £11. Accused was committed for trial at Lismore Ses sions on 16th May next. - ♦ ? » ? * Edison is somewhat of a joker. A correspondent was looking over the in ventor's laboratory when Ins eye was caught by a curious model. It looked like a cradle with some kind of tele phonic attachment. ' What on earth ia thatl' enquired the visitor. ' I hope to make my fortune out of that invention,' said Edison, gravely. ' It is a motor to run by sound. You attach it to a cradle, and the louder tho baby cries the faster the cradle rocks.' * * * * * The London Times, in an article, con gratulates King Alfonso and Princess Ena. It says the personal and political aspects of the marriage are attractive, but tho religious aspect is less so, as a sudden conversion for a purpose is not to tho taste of the English nation. It goes on to say that if the new Queen visito her home she will bo gladly welcomed, but the nation would not gladly wel come the sight of Roman confessors at Buckingham Palace or State ceremonials in Westminster Cathedral. *?***# At Jordan's Hotel, Casino, last week Mr. J. T. Tandy, who is leaving with Mrs. Tandy for a trip to England, was entertained by a numbor of friends at a hunmiofc. Thfi n.t.tflnHfinrn ntimliArflrl all prominent residents of the district. The chair was occupied by Mr. D. Campbell, J.P., who proposed the toast of the evening in words deservedly ap preciative of the guest as a citizen and gentleman. Several other gentlemen spoke in laudatory terms of Mr. Tandy's many excellent qualities ; and all wished him and hid good wife a pleasant jour ney and safe return. Mr. Tandy made a feeling and appropriate response. Tho spread was a distinct credit to the hotel proprietary. — Express. » » ? » « i Some timo ago a mare in Maclean had a fore-leg broken just abovo the knee, the fracture being a complete one. Mr. Joseph Schipp, of Palmer's Channel, offered to take the mare and endeavor to set the limb. In this he succeeded, and the other day was to bo seen riding the mare in Maclean. There appears to be an enlargement of the bone at the seat of the break, and the leg is nob/ quite straight, but otherwise the set' is, a perfect one. The case is the more re- ' mat-liable from the fact that the animal was eight years old at the time of tho' accident, and the broken limb had been left without attention for a couple of days before Mr. Schipp took it in hand. ***** ' Prime bacon hogs can be grown no well or better in this country than any where in the world, and if there is a de mand for leaner bacon hogs they will bo forthcoming,' says Chicago Live Stock Journal. ' It need not be expected, how ever, that feeders will tako tho pains tho Danish, English, and Canadian feeders do ; fussing with ground stuffs of dif ferent sorts without getting equal com pensation. The pea, rye, barley, and shorts- fed hogs are calculated to be worth close to two cents, per pound more on tho hoof than corn-fed bacon hogs, and if that is true, packers will have to mako up their minds to give at least 1 dollar per 100 premium on that class of stock to get it. Peas, barley, rye and mixed grains are as easily raised in this country as corn, but corn-feeding is the simplest and tho easiest method of hog feeding, and, therefore, much' oheaper than any other kind.' 