Commonwealth Mat. ters. -a..: (By T?jraph from Our CorrespoadQnt). M" ellbourne, February 19. THE TELEPHONE TOLL SYSTEM. The Postmaster-General, who leaves Melbourne, on Wednesday, to attend the Postal IConference, which is to be held ian Rome, has put the finishing touches to the new scheme for charging tor the use of telephones acording to the toll system. For the present it will not be compulsory for subscribers to employ this new svestem, which will come into -orce on thellst of July. New eub 'srhibers before that 'date can adhere to the present method, which is known as the fat system. After that date allnew tbescribers who prefer the new system will be charged at toll rates, which will he applied' in three dilfferent ways. The fist relates to single lines, for which the charge will be £4 per annum. For this payment 750 full calls art allowed. Snoward calls do ndts count, neither do alenwers to these calls, provided Iho re ply is made without calling up the ex eheege. Over 750 calls per lannum the Saelrge will lie a lialf-penhy per call. The second choice will be the two-party line, which means that two personsliv ing near each other can use the hame 'wire, absolute privacy being guaranteeod. Thle charge for this will be £3 per an num to each subscriber for 750 oalls, and a halfpenny for acah additional call. Then there is the four-party line, for which the charge will he £2 10e for 750 calls, and a half-penny for cceh ead ditional call. But here there is the in convenience that all subscribers can hear wh?~t is being said. The numbhr of calls in each ease will he registered uutoma tienally, but as it will talke some, time to install the necessary appliances some other arrangements for checking will he temporarily arranged. The departmrnt cannot say how subscribers will be af feted financially ,y the new toll pay mente instead of paying a fixdd anmal sum as at present, bhut the businses weas recently counted in Brisbane in connec tion with the instruments installed in private houses, and the average was threo calls per 'day, and the extra one wosld cost a hs'f-pe?my, or 15s per year. In lbusiness houses ithe average would of cours e i higher, but the Post master-(eneral is ladvised lthat this will result in greater care itn the plart of sublscrihers tin tiing the instrsments, and that thelre will consequently ibe greater efliciency and a quielkir ser\ico. It is proposed thiat there shall he a frve minutes" limit to cinvrsationt. The new synst-m 'will necessitats great in, provements in the tulphlone exclhanses, notably in TMellbourne anid Sydnt'. whlrre a start rill bie iade witls the s?n tional arrarrngements f cutntn n battery hboards. This appliance was ricently ex plained. In Bris?laie the samne usessity does not arise, owing to the installatiou Swing far Ilttur than in tlhe othacer rapi tals. Perth ;sill follow in. due cours,'. In Sydlney theAt are not 25 'spar,. siasw on tihe sitclh-hloard, and in Ielholtrnr e the system ndw workling is ilscrib, aed as the worst in Australia. The ~chst in Melbourne and Sydney wiI 6e cporsm o~nsbouat £200,000 In ~ech capital but it will he spread over a number of years. Automatic switch-boards were?B, the Postmaster-General explains, oon' denm!id by Mr. Hesheth and othemr ele trial authorities. The presumption is that Mr. Heslieth will be appointed Commonwealth Elec trical Expert, but the matter is not yet definitely settled. DISCUSSION WITH SIR JOSEPH WARD. The Prime Minister had a long inter view, today, with Sir Joseph Wand, Post master-General of New Zealand, who is on his way to Rome to attend the Postal Conference. A great number of matters were discussed relating to postal que tions, and ito the mail services in which New Zealand is a partner. "Other matters were gone into," said the Prime Minister, " which will be dealt with more fully with Mr. Seddon, who will not be here until after the end of next month. Our discussion of to-day was of a preliminary nature, and it will, I hope, prepare the way for a settlement on a friendly basis of many debatabls questions. We shall meet egain to marrow." Melbourne, February 20. THE TARIFF COMMISSION. The Tariff Commission met again to day. L. S. Stewart, glass manufac turer, advocated the duty on silvered plate and sheet glass and best glass be ing increased from 20 to 50 per cent. J. ceecdows, glass bcveller, said a Mel bourne glass manufacturer had recently etered into fartnership with a Ch;nese firm at Hongkong, and the intention was to slip lbevelled glass to Australia. He also advocated a duty of 50 per cent. The conemission edjourned till to-mor row. RECIPIROCAL TRADE WITH MEW ZEALAND. The Prime Mlinister stated, to-day, that amcegst matters to le discussel with Sir Joseple Wardi, Potstmster-cGeneral of New Zealand, is a proltsatl for recipro cal trade arrangements ,s'twcen Aesth'a lia and New Zealand. "I aogre'," said Ir. lieakin, " tlhat it would bI, a good thing to.examinee the tariff sched'uiles oe both countries in ced?,r to see if satis factory arrangemnits can 1e inensee, cut we must Ie ernauli that a Irfer--eential rate in rnslnct to any particular item will le likely teo hlad to a sulstantial develtopneet of trade." ,.MAJOR HTAWKER'S CASE. Tice Minister for Defetes heas constitu tel the Ioard to inquire into the charges satinet Major Hawker, as follow: Colonel Wacldell, Necw Soeeth Wanls frces, lpresident; Senator St.yles anle M1r. RI. Betheras, ulblic service .inspslctwr. 'ie first. meetiing of the bIoard will hie hIell on Menday. INSTRUCTION OF OFFICE2RS. C , ch l e lcilh,, of Southl Australia, andl Major Pattersn , of Victoria, are to proeeLel IOn 'tnglesnd and India for in sIrectin. At a later dnte two officers will be e.xselh:ngedl withl the Indian Go vcrnlnecent for instructional lpurlose-s. Two( neon- conuniesinclcd offliers will ln sent tee Englecc I . and aepplications will shlrtly le invited. for thcesc appoinit THE INSTRUCTIONAL STAFF. An examination wea reccetly icld for three vacancies on the anministrative and instructional staff, and five oficere satisfied the examiners in the following order :-SttfF-SergeBnt-Majot Saddler, Queeneland; Captain Brand, Quuens land; Captain Murray, Victeria; Cap tain Logan, Victoria; and Lieutenant Cass, Victoria. The three first-named will receive appointments as lieutenants on probation for six months. IMMIGRATION AND BDLIQRATION. A report was issued to-day showing the movement of immigra'?tlon anti emi gration for the past year. The arrivals were 48,836, and the depaerSess 46,620, the details being as follow: Arrivals epa~~ures. British 39,808 36,066 Austrian 630 359 Danish 101 27: Dutch 47 40 French 17W8 ¶805 German 1285 1191 Greek 104 727 Italian 785 771 Russian 103 60 Scandinavian 134 61 Spanish 35 21 Swiss . 65 33 Turkish 3 0 United States 535 ' 406 Other whites 4 429 Total whites 45,435 d10,933 Indians and Cin galese 90 463 Afghans 23 59 Syrians 51 48 Armenians 15 3 Malays 298 322 Siamese 3 0 Chineo 1710 %23 Japanese 374 541 Other Asiatics l69i 171 Negroes 34 12 Polynesians 433 1468 Otlher coloured races 201 97 \- *Total coloured 3101 5687 