THE RESTRICTION" OF IMMI- . ORATION. TO THE EDITOIt. Sir, — The recent action of the Federal authori ties in attempting to hound Mr. Maiouf out. of this State calls for some comment. It ap pears that the Customs officials arc presuming lo fllftiirnKn n uvntntt) of onMlwinw liiiiil.il lint II. is high time that the rights of immigrants, tho actual pown-;; of tho official?, and the pro visions of tho Act wore brought before the pub- lie. Most people will bo surprised to hear that tho word "Asiatic" does not occur at all in the Act; thoy will, perhaps, he astonished to Icorn that the Act does not prohibit person# from landing here on the ground of their belonging to any particular race; there is 110 such tiling I as a cinncifinstllv "nmliiiiiiiw!" ! that an immigrant docs not come under one of the categories (b) to (g) mentioned below, there is one, and only one, ground upon which he cau lie excluded, tliat'is, failure to pass the language lest — noL such u lest as the officials sometimes assume the power of imposing, hut the toot which, (hough denied to men by petty officers, in prescribed by the Act, and can be secured by law. 'Hie whole question briefly reviewed is as fol lows: — Firstly, m> person can bo prevented from land ing In the Commonwealth, or deported from, the ! Commonwealth, except under tho provisions of an Act of Parliament,. Exclusion or deportation from the Commonwealth is governed by tbo Immigration Restriction Act. Any person v.ho j is not a "prohibited immigrant" as defined by that Act may come here and remain here with- i out molesLatlou; and any man who interferes j with such a person's liberty renders himscJf personally liable to very serious consequences, ' from which neither official position, however ! exalted, nor Ministerial instruction, nor pro tended authority, affords the slightest protection or immunity. The right to personal liberty, ..s. tin. iiuueM luuifi uuiiGutj we nave irom tlio Mother-country, is won yet very far from being a dead letlor, Secondly, in the matter of preventing immi grants from landing, deporting them, imprison ing them, or in any way Interfering with their liberty, the Immigration officers cannot deal with any hut "prohibited" i mini gran to: nor ran they take any restrictive measures, except those provided by the Act. Their authority is en tirely derived from, and definitely circumscribed by, an Act of Parliament. Beyond such limits they cannot trespass, no matter what power or privileges Ihey claim in virtue of being "offi cials." I Thirdly, it remains to consider this all-im- I portatiL Immigration Restriction Act itself, and see what persons are iu fact classed as "proliili- ltcd Immigrants." I I Subject to exemption certificates being grant- ! ed, .section 3 of Die Act provides that the 1 111- ; migration of the following persons, called "pro hibited Immigrants," is prohibited, viz.:— (a) Any person who, when asked to do so by an officer, fails to write out at dictation and sign, in the presence of the officer, a pnssage ou i> ut uo 14 iviini iu uu uuiujicuu Jauguuga .directed by the officer. (b) In effect, a person who Is, or i6 likely to become a pauper. I (e) Any idiot or insane person. 1 (d) Any person suffering from an infectious disease of a loalhoome or dangerous charac ter. (e) Certain criminals. (f) Persons of ill- fame. (g) In effect persons coming in tinder an agreement to perform manual labor within tho Commonwealth. Tlie lust six categories do not here concern its; it is Die first that has been misapplied by tho offlcluls. Now an immigrant cannot he excluded, nor his liberty interfered with, unless he is a "pro hibited immigrant" ns defined above. Failing Die last six grounds, Die first one— inability to pass the language test — is the only remaining ground on which he can be dealt with as a "pro hibited immigrant." Here we reach the crux ' of tho whole question. What do the words | of the statute really mean? Tlio officinls, when til ey do condescend to apply the tost at all, claim the right of examining a man in any language they themselves arc pleased to choose; If a person claims to be able to writo German, Ihey insist upon modern Greek. Now there are two alternatives. There is no third possibility; either the official has an ab solute right of applying the lest in whatever | European tongue he lias a mind to choose, or else the right of choico rests absolutely with Die immigrant. Tide do I particularly wish to | emphasise— tho right of choice must rest with one of the two parties; it must always rest ! with the same party, and in tho nature of tilings j it must rest with that party to the exclusion of the other. The Act does not limit the choice of him who hns the right of choosing; the right > of choice then is nbeolute, so that whichever party possesses it, officer or immigrant, can choose whatever European languuge he pleases. The oxecutive officers appear to think tliaL the choice rests with tliein. Let us examine some of the consequences (lowing from this assump tion. It. means that tliey would have an un trammelled right .to lest a man in any Euro pean language that their discretion, caprice, folly, prejudice, or favoritism prompts then: to determine upon. It means that thoy could rlfHliwrnfoli' .inv nr nvm-v Immltrfanl' Its n language tlicv know him to bo unacquainted with, with the express purpose of making him a "prohibited Immigrant." This may seem un fair, but if it be lawful who would murmur? It means that tliey could exclude an educated English-speaking Frenchman or German for not 'passing a test in Scandinavian, It may 8'om unreasonable ' that such power should rest in I one man, but that is precisely the power (hat the officials claim to wield. It means that they could examine a Canadian in Danish, a Care Colonist in "Polish, a visitor from the United 1 Slates in Italian, a New Zcalander or English man (Englishmen, according to this interure- | tation, arc not exempt from an ordeal) In Ro maic or Russian; and if tliey fail, could exclude them. In short, they could examine any man j in any European language he could not write; i to some this may seem unjust, nay, astound1 t.g, others may perhaps envy the despot and his op portunities. It means, therefore, that one civil sorvnnt could, according to his own sweet will, exclude any or every European, Asiatic, Ame rican, or African who attempted to land here! That one civil servant could, if he liked, legally cut off all intercourse between the outside world and tho Common wealth! It means, uud.li/, Ljicii' vYvi y person >\iio comes noio is potentially a "prohibited immigrant," every stranger to our shores being entirely at the morcy of one irresponsible civil servant who claims the omnipolonco lo make, by a simple contrivance, "prohibited Immigrants" of all he chooses. Such claims may seem arrogant, ty rannical, illegal — and tliey ar, so. j Thoso aro not all the consequences of the official assumption, hut they aro sufficient to show how outrageous are the claims put for ward. Some may aver that tho picture I have drawn 1 is absurd, then lot such apologists for bureau cratic despotism deny, if they can, the extent of the officer's power, even though he emphasise his wisdom in wielding it. I would further Hsk such an apologist what guarantee we have that such power will not bo abused, nnd, if it be abused, what remedy there is. Some rnuy , aver that tho despot will only exclude "unde sirables," but is he and not the statute to be the solo judge of that? Is neither the lmml- i grant nor the captain of his ship to havo a clear ' and unequivocal definition of tho stigmatised status; must it remain a grand official mys- I tory? | Hero the npologlst for despotism will doubt- | less glow with satisfaction, and think to clinch tlio whole matter by reiterating tho last wo.-ds of tlio sub-section in question, "dircetod by the officer." Let him vaunt. "Directed" by Die officer docs not mean "chosen" by blm; If the Act meant "chosen" It would have said so. The section means that tho language once chosen, tlio tost must be "directed by the officer." I To return to tho main question, what is tho Intention of Die Act? Had Parliament intend- j ed such boundless powor to vest In ono man, it would have conferred it in definite terms. Such vast discretionary power cannot bo im plied from a more ambiguity of expression; it Is not thus that an inquisition can bo legal ised. Now, I conlond that tho only reasonable con struction, the legal construction, of tlio sec tion . is that the choice of language rests with the Immigrant. According to this view every European who can writo 51) words of his own or any European tongue, has a right to como here. Any inhabitant of n non- Europoan ' country can enter tho Commonwealth, provided that he be sufficiently educated to write 50 words of any European language. There is no equivocation and uncertainty about this; every man who contemplates coming hero can find out what lest Is required, and know definitely whether ho can bo prohibited or not. Construed this way, tlio tost becomes definite and ascer tainable, not arbitrary and secret. It Is Die Act and not an official's whim that governs Im migration. Apart from nny question of com- monsense, I confidently malntainl . that this is tho only posslblo legal Interpretation of the words of the section. If, as Is our constant exporionco, we cannot obtain justice from tbo Federal authorities, wo can at least demand Jaw.— Yours, ete., NE QUID NIMIS, January 9. 