'NOTES I ROM LONDON. (From 'Our Special Representative.} London, Aug. 10. Mr. J. Ramsay Macdonald, M.P., secretary of the Independent Labor party in Parliament, informs me that he has not definitely decided whether he can take in Kalgoorlie in the tour which he is about to make through Canada, . Australia, and New Zealand. Mr. Macdonald is making the tour partly as a non day and partly with a view of ac quiring and imparting information, on Labor matters in various parts of the world. It was intended some time ago to send an official deputa tion from the English Labor party to confer with prominent Labor leaders in the colonies, but that pro ject has temporarily been aban doned. But though the member for Leicester , goes in a personal capa city, and without strictly official credentials, he is not without hope that, some useful results may follow upon his tour. 'There are many reasons why such missions should be undertaken,' he said in conversation with a representative of tho press.. 'The colonial people are apt to misun derstand us and our policy in the circumstances in .which we are placed. They are inclined to think, that we consider colonial questions something of a nuisance, and that our action in Paa-liament is calcu lated to do harm to them. Wo are anxious to show them how fallacious that idea is. and that really we have many ties in common, and that their interests are our 'interests. Then on the special questions af fecting labor there are many mat ters which we have to study. There are the New Zealand and Austra lian arbitration laws, for instance, concerning the working of which we havo_ statistical reports from time to time. We know how excel lent the theory is, but we have to discover whether' plans which seem to work well there are adaptable to the different circumstances here. We have to study the whole matter on the spot, and to find out how far we can profit by the experience to bring out the analogy between our conditions and theirs, if there be one. There are also the various schemes of land settlement, concern ing which many- have high hopes. A scheme of such importance, still in its experimental, stage, must be ob served in operation, and its work ing carefully studied, and that can only be done, by journeys such as I propose to make. Their e is also tho question of the minimum wage, which is being, raised in this country as a weapon against sweating. I do not for- myself think it is practi cable here, but the experience of others must be valuable, and we must acquire all the information we can.; There are many matters aris ing m all parts of the world which concern us not merely as trade unionists, but as ? upholders of a broad Labor policy, and it should be possible, to bring the. Labor man of Canada and South Africa, of Australia and New Zealand to unite with us for more effective action At any rate we hope that this, unity of ^aim and purpose mav be attained 1 am not. an Imperialist in the generally accepted sense of the term, but on Imperial grounds there are manv reasons for the svmrm.tW.^ co-operation of Labor men in all parts or the Empire, so that, they may make common cause against any opposition which may arise. don? '«!' t/S Said' is dead a»d thfnl i - xt ma-r be so- bu* 1 think _ there can be no harm in stamping the earth well down upon fS SraVe -if We had an under standing with the Labor parties in the colonies that they would not aid the Protectionists in this coun try our position against the Tariff Reformers would be greatly streng thened. No doubt the turn of ioryism will come again; anyhow, it is well to be ready for it, and it is wise to consolidate our organi sation, to establish more intimate relations with the Labor parties on the continent, to. have international community of feel-ng on these topics, and to link Math us in pur suit of the common purpose our own kinsfolk in the colonies. Of course. I do not hope to accomplish this on my tour, but I hope to see and talk with the leading men on all sides m the colonies I shall visit, to gain much information, and a better understanding of circum cumstances and difficulties, and also to impart information which may contribute to a fuller knowledge of our own problems. I think this is a duty thrown upon one, not mere ly as a citizen, but as a member of Parliament. I am well satisfied with the experience of the English Labor party during the session, more than satisfied with trip, si-.rp.no-f-.h if. attained as the result of the elec tion, and with the work it has since done. We have reason to think that our members have made a good im pression, and have proved their capa city for usefulness in the House. I am convinced that the Labor party is a permanent addition to the Par liamenta.ry forces, and that it will grow in power and influence. I be lieve our party is the embodiment of a new tendency in the nation, a tendency which will grow and ex pand so that it will make Indepen dent Labor representation. rtlOre and more necessary.1 There will be mis understandings and troubles, three cornered fights, and attacks on both sides, but in spite of all those things, the movement will grow, I think.' Mrs. J, Ramsay Macdonald, who is to accompany her husband on his colonial tour, read a paper at the British Association meeting in York this week upon 'Some. Recent In vestigations in Home Work.' Mrs. Macdonald dealt with the domestic workshop, where the workers were outworkers taking material out from the factory. Industries carried on in the homes of workers were most subject to the evil effects of com petition, and 'sweated' aptly de scribed the draining of the energy and sapping of the strength of the workers. She had recently follow ed the cases of 500 or 600 workers of_ the most various trades and dis tricts scattered in all parts of Lon don, Glasgow,. Birmingham, Not tingham,. , -.Leicester, and also1' in counter vifta-ges. The ..wages varied worst feature was that there was 1 no average rate and no standard. Cambrian Railway badges made bv one woman for lid. took her half an hour each, and North British Railway badges, made by the same woman lor l|d. took her one hour. Sub-letting also lowered wages. The. rate per hour worked out at the lowest perhaps in the hook and eye carding of Birmingham, and shawl fringing of Glasgow, and some of those sewing , trades which worked out at Id. per hour or even ' less: Waistcoat makers were the aristo cracy of home workers.' In respect to hours, she said that in practice, home workers were used for a rush of ' orders. Many women had to fit in such work with home duties. In such cases woman's work was never done. Child labor also found refuge in home-work when shut out of factories -and work shops. The average standard of sanitary condition was low. There should be a system of licensing to in sure inspection for sanitary purpo ses after the practice of the United States. She was not hopeful about the legal minimum wage. _ The workers were too low in the indus trial scale to organise. She had more hope of raising the standard of wages by enforcing the fair wages clauses in all Government and local authority contracts and works. Mr. Griffith, who some years ago was consulting engineer to the De Beers Company, and who more re cently has been a mining engineer in Tasmania, is one of the leading spirits of a mysterious treasure hunting expedition,' which has just left the Thames. The adventurers are on board the steamer Xerna, which sailed on Saturday with her papers made out for St. Helena. The expedition is being run by what is known as the 'Collis Diamond Syndicate.' At first it was stated that the destination was the Cocos Islands, but later information proves that the Xema has sailed . for an uninhabited island off the coast ' of South - West Africa. The origin of the expedition came , about in this way. Cap tain R. Jones, a trader between Cardiff and South Africa, met Mr. Griffith during a visit to Cape Town in 1897. Captain Jones showed his new acquaintance a handful of stones which, he said, he had picked up on an island off the African coast. Mr. Griffith saw at a glance | that the stones were worth between £10,000 and £15,000, and was na turally greatly interested in the discovery. What, however, gave pe culiar interest to the find was Mr. Griffith's assertion that the stones, though undoubtedly diamonds, had not been taken from any known mine,' by reason of the difference in crystal lisation. On receiving this informa tion Captain Jones wished imme diately to charter a vessel, and pro ceed with Mr. Griffith to the treasure island, but this Mr. Griffith was at the time unable to do, having an en gagement to proceed to Tasmania. Not long after this- Captain Jones died, and left all his property to a chemist named Williams, ; bequeath ing, however, ; a chart of the island showing the latitude and longitude,, to Mr. Griffith.' The latter gentle man subsequently handed over this document to a Mr. E. Kenyon Collis. These are the main incidents pre ceding the formation of the 'Collis Diamond Syndicate.' It seems a funny yarn, but men have been found to put money into the ven ture. , Mr. Shallcross, who left Kalgoor lie at a few hours' notice last month to attend a meeting in. London of the Australian Mining and Gold ^ Re covery Company, Limited, achieved a remarkable victory last week. He placed his policy before the share holders, and .the result was that the retiring^ directors failed to secure re-election. Mr. Shallcross was ap pointed director, and at a subsequent board meeting was elected chairman of the company. At the shareholders' meeting. Mr. Huxtable said that they owed a deep debt of gratitude to Mr. Shallcross for his action in the matter, and that although some sneering reference had been made to the quantity of literature which Mr. Shallcross had circulat ed, had it not _. been for the circulation of that literature the af fairs of the company might have gone to pieces. At the conclusion of the meeting Mr. Shallcross said that although the fight had resulted in his favor it had been carried out, so far as; his side was concerned, without vindictiyeness or malice or personal hostility. It had beep with hini simply a matter of busi ness. While some incidents were not altogether free from unpleasant ness, he entertained not, the slight est ill-feeling, and did not want to leave the room, .without shaking hands with the gentlemen who had been his orjponents. Colonel Ait ken, Mr. McCulloch, and Mr. Mac Arthur (the retiring directors who were defeated) refused, how ever, Mr. Shallcross' invita tion to s'lake hands. This action led ' to adverse criticism on the part of. those present, a. shareholder ? remarking that if any tinng would justify/ Mr. Shallcross1 action it was the vindictive and un business-like attitude that the late members of _ the board had just shown. The incident- has given rise to some comment in city circles, and it is the general opinion that what ever case Colonel Aitken and -his fellow-directors had they put them selves in the wrong by their chur lish refusal to accept the olive1 branch when tendered by Mr. Shall cross. :.?-.'. The current rate of wages for drapers' and grocers' assistants in Australia -is the subject of some controversy just now. The secre tary, of the Shop Assistants' Union} of Sydnev, and the secretary of the Sydney Trades and Labor Council,' have sent a joint letter to the press here in which they say: — 'In the 'Sydney Morning Herald' of March 6 the following paragraph appeared : —'Wages in Australia.— Concerning' a copy of circular. No. 2 issued from the Immigrants' Information Office, London, October 1, 1905, containing a statement (approximate) of the rate of wages ruling in New South Wales. According _ to this state ment drapers' assistants receive 57/6 per week,., and grocers' assist ants 50/ per week, and we assert that, the rates actually paid are not nearly so high. . We .regret this, | as the general opinion among cm- j ployees is that wages do not rule more than 25/ to 45/ per week on an average, a. large number of juniors finding employment to the detriment of seniors.' Enquiries at the /Syd ney Morning Herald' office elicited the fact that they had_ obtained their average from enquiries made amongst some of the largest busi ness houses in the city, representa tives of which would no doubt give figures that would show credit to themselves on account of that salary being paid. The question arises: What is a draper '? Is he or she a male or a female who has been be hind a counter a week, a month, or a year'? Or one with sonie years experience? And in basing an average do you include floorwalkers and managers'? Certainly we can not include owners of businesses. Are we' justified in -including all hands from one week upwards'? 1 would ask you to bear in mind the fact that there is no. system ot_ ap- prenticeship as in the old country. If you take the first men of depart ments in medium-sized houses, and first and second men^ '™ I™** houses the wages will be o'/g-' W week, in all probability. -But it -you 'take only - those who have served from six years and upwards .then 25/. -to\ 45/: if. -.from two years upwards, _10/ . to .35/ We very much regret to -find, it necessary to take up the, pen to contradict the statement of the im migration Office in London, as. .we. had every confidence m reliable statements' being given to the BritH ish public, with Mr. Coghjan at home (Please understand that we do not connect Mr. Coghlan with the Immigration Office), but such er roneous statements must not. be -.al- lowed to pass unchallenged, as we consider it our duty not to bring our fellow tradesmen to possible trouble, and also our duty to pro tect those already here from an in creased and unnecessary competi tion.' In reply to the foregoing the editor of the official organ of the Imperial Immigration Department here writes, as follows :— 'The wages of drapers and grocers (shop assist ants) given were taken from the Statistical Register, which was pub lished in 1904 by the -New South Wales Government. This is an' an nual official publication, and' was the latest one that had been receiv ed up to date of the circular. In the succeeding register published in 1906, the wages of grocers _ and drapers do not appear to be given. From information received the com mittee came to the conclusion that the wage's of grocers and drapers had declined, and in the 'Austral asian Circular,' published .on July 1 last— a copy of which, is enclosed —the wages given are 40/ a week in both cases. With regard to the complaint that no explanation is given as to what the term 'draper' exactly includes in New South Wales, I am to point out- that the New South Wales Government, by using the word without 'further ex planation, evidently considered it sufficiently clear to those in# the trade, and the word was accordingly repeated by- this office. Wages in all trades vary with varying con ditions, and the term 'approximate' implies that the figures given must not be taken too strictly. It may be added that every issue of the 'Aus tralasian' Circular' is submitted, be fore publication, to the AgentGen eral for New South Wales for his observations.' ? Senator Matheson is now paying a visit to Scotland. Dr. Richard Arthur, M.L.A. New South Wales, writes to the Jewish papers here suggesting the establish ment of a Jewish colony in Austra lia, and says that he is certain that the Immigration League of. Aus tralia, of which he is president, would gladly co- operate in such a movement. This is an advertisement of a hotel in a Danish holiday resort,, You will see that siich a word- of ex planation is not purely superfluous : — 'The hotels charmingly situation, ? . surrounded of a nice garden, the good cuisine, the kindly accommo dation with moderate charge and , . good conveyances with easy occasion for salmon and trout fishing, the ascending of the surrounding moun tains has done- this place well known and praised of all travellers. N.B.— The Landlord is spoken English very good.' . ? ? Hard work kills no man ; ennui is the deadly enemy of life. Glad stone blamed himself for not hav ing induced a friend who commit ted suicide after a career of ac tivity had abruptly terminated to undertake a translation of a classic as an antidote to weariness. - Na poleon, oppressed by Gourgaud?a unhappiness in St. Helena, begged his faithful but petulant follower to translate the 'Annual Register' into French. It is. not the fast pace in n.ublic life, but the slo '''?-. which destroys. Some one dropped in upon Lord Melbourne when ? his official life had ended. He had been sitting counting the hours, me lancholy, alone. 'If tnat clock had v struck seven before anyone called to see me, I should have gone r.ad,'- he said. The same desperate misery possessed the soul of Panizzi in his declining days. He lived near his beloved British Museum, and so ?off the beaten track of his friends. Lord Granville called one day to see him. 'I hope you'll never come again, 'said. the poor old man,whos3 heart was breaking for. company in his new - found idle time. ' . , 