Local and General News. Thle Wollongong, Bulli and Clifton braas tands occupied positions inl the eight-hour procession iii Sydney yesterday. Beginning with the moii'dle of the present: month, post-.oiice otlciala aind all other Federal servants are to be paid forttiightly. Some of the recently imported farm Iahorers tr an tie Od Cnaatry are now en. gaged on farlulu in the' lliavairra di'trie'l. Since their arrival in Autraa h' Messrs. D.'vlin and _)tllowva, theil isla envoys, have colleJted aver £Slt):t for the Home Rule fnad. Tho Now Zealanld House of Ralpresont ativea an FrIlaty hlat passed without debato a vlote of £(t000) to the widow, of the late AMr. I. J, Suddon. 'thi PIdoral electoral offico in this State has snat ,ut maps to everyv post.oltice, shawing the various polling places in uoach eleotorato, Thei, 11.M.S. Orient, nwhich arrived at Fre. mantle onl Thurlsday laIst, ihad on board 32 assisotel ilmlligrallnt for West Aulstralia and sevenl for New South Wales,. Messrs. O'Gornuan and Timbs, of Albion Park. on Wednesday last forwarded to olll'rke i second lot of 200 store cows, and fulflle'd an order for 100, heifers. Mr. A. Nicholson, manager of the local br:an'h of the ES.. & A. Bank, left IKianma oni Satlrday. laist for a fortnight's holiday, aIl, G. D. Hamilton, at one time account. ant at the bank, is relievng., The Melbourne "Age" slays that £3000 will be spent in the e lumelectorate dur. ing tile forthcoming Federal campaign in an eaadeavor to reurln an an anti.sosh ell. didate, The annual spring flower show in aid of the funds of tihe Kiama public bathl (both ladies' and gentlemen's) is' to take pliace in the Oddfellows' Hall on Wednesday, the 7th November. See advt. George Towns regards' Fogwell as the world's cllampion souller of the future. Others agree that no sculler since tile dlays of Htarry Searle gives so much proinise for one so young. It is stated that the mnovement favoring West Australia seceding from the Conm monwealthl is booming in that State, aund that it is intended to carry, on the camtr paign with vigor. Of the 120 applications received for tile 129 blocks availahle of the Dorrigo lands, only eleven were sent in through land agents, the renulinning 116 being sent by the applicants themselves. Theo Rov. W. N why Frazor. of the Anglioan Church at Nowra, ins to net its loaum tonous at Woo loomooloo to the Rev. H A. lHtker, who has obtained leave of absnce for several months.. Mhr, . W. Fuller, M.H R., delivers two addresses at Oorringong to-morrow (Wed needay), one to ladies in the afternoon on the tRecreation Ground, and the other is to the general publio at night in the School of Arts. The A.J,O. spring meeting wnts opened at Randwairk on Saturday luast. whi'n Poseidon won the Derby from kCollarit, tire favorite. Maziluize sesured the ]Epsom Hlandiaep, Famoaus and Lord Fitzry filling ithe places, ' The death occurred at Tilba on Thur- day last of Mrs. Edward Boxsell, well known in the Kiama district. The deceased lady, who had reached the age of 68 years, had been ailing for some time past. She leave a family qf 12:(6 sons and 6 daughters) to mourn their loss. The annual sports maeetlng in connection with the Ki6ip1a aind Shotilhaven Digtriets' Public S'hoadJfs( AtlhletieaAssoriation wvas lheld on thIe N i'ra shownground yestertlay. Tlhere was a aa v'ry good attendnler, although the weather lcy'as anything but favorable for the holling of oullc ana 'event. WVe have been informed that preliminary arrangcements have been made for ai publih debate between the members of the Kilama and Wollongong Debating Societies, and that the event will take place inl the locall School of Arts ini about a fo'rtnight's time. A debate between thce Kimua and Shell. Iarbor Societies is also spoken of. The executive eommittoe of the Inrmigre. tion Leiague of Australia Ihas decided to accept tlih chalrllnge of the "BritishliAur. tralnsiir " newspaper, awhich offers to send from ]'ilglnlud 501) sulitable immigrants (agricultural laborers) to Australia if they be guaranteed work;,the only's.tipulatien of the League being that not more than 60 be sent out eacih monllth, 1 difi.culty is anticipated in plalinlg thtem. As will be seen on reference to our ndv'ertisinlg colnmns, it is Itlih intention of the members of the Berry Brass Band to visit Kinmit on Sunday next, 7th inst., for thu purpose of rendering a choice pro. grmmtue of snored musio on thie Church Point during the afternoon. It was at first intended to make the visit on the 14th inst., but on account of tho'Kinma Method. ist Anniversary on that date, one week earlier has beooen ohosen. A collection is to be tnken up towards cost of expenses.., Thi Milton people are working well in tihe matter of the proposed establishment of a hospital there, iand aire to be con. gritulated on the success already achieved, The Government some little time ago promised £400 towards tile movement con° dilionrl uporn the district rnikinrg another £400, and subscriptions have conime in so well thnat it wa?l announced at i meeting on Wednesday nighr Ist ltht collectors had then in hlirr over £200, AWith a ten tent at tie annual show, concerts, bruce auretions, etc, it is hoped tlhat no. dillloulty will lie experienced in raising the required amount,. The Conatal Farmoers' Co.operritiv Society reports as follows on Saturday last regarding butter und eggs; - Butter : Sup. plies this week show an inicrease from all centres, and there in a general preparation for export among tili factories, Export: As usuanl at this time of the year the market shows e1 Irm tone,'nqd there ] hi Iben ur further advnaae during thie week. Danish is up to 12ts, Australian is quoted at 120s for salted, with 2s extra for un. sited ; at tIhoe snme time it must be rement. Irered this is ndly .for very limited initial slilt nnplrits thallt lavei yet arrived. Eggs: North-e 0id to Old, Souths tlid to 7d, Suburban new laid 71d. SiIuL s AnD ltluasEs. Iu suchi oiusu ronoder flire aid to tho in Jurod by applying Ohambeola;u's. Pain Ban Whou iho musolos, tondols? or notvoe are strainedld,lpruind, squoanzed or in any way injmrod, aausing inllanmmnntion, pains alrd awollings, with rush of blood to the parts, Oaltuborlainsn' Pain alim will give Immodiate rolief andl a Lfw applioationus will roduoo tho swelling aiud roestre tho n'urod parts to houlthy conditio., VFor salo ?y S. Mujor.' A Indi'a' branch of the Orange Lodge was eita,,lihed alt ?Wollongong on Satur day night last. We are asked to draw the attllention elperially of the lady ruembers of the .Killaa School of Aria to a meeting of ladies on Thnurad:y afternoon, at 3.30, for the purpose of organising a social evening and narel gueosinlg competition, Thie White Slar liner Persic. which sails from Sydney to-day, will, with other cargo consisting of the principal cornntmolitiee exporteld fron Australia, take away 14,0)00 eareases of mutton and Iamb!), 10,000 crates of rahbits and hares, and 750 boxes of butter. A message fronm Narrandera on'Satur. day last ciated thatt a son and daughter of Mr. J. Gilclrist, of that place, aged respectively eight months and two years and eight umulha, were the victims of a shootnug artident the previous evening. It appeariis that an elder brother pieked tup a loaded pea-rile. which ne?ilenttlhly went off, the Iullet ps~ting through tihe baby's head anld striking the little girl in the forehead. Both childrent died shortly afterwards, PROGRE1SS. - Turnover for 12 months entlod the 31st Maroh, 19000, 0116,)83. 1425 Coastal Producers hold 9123 Sharot. A GENUINE CO-OI'ERATIVE INSTITU TION working uetirely in Producers' Iisterests. Cash BI uItees to data total ,£14 305' THE COASTAL FARMERS' CO-OPERA. TIVE OOCT1JTY, Lre., 374, 370, 380 Sussex Street, Sydney, 