Sugar Industry. Royal Commission. Yesterday's Evidence. BUNDA-BERG. Ariril 4. The Royal Commission to inquire into Itlie sugar industry commenced its sittings set tlie courthouse yesterday. Whcu the formal proceedings were over, evidence was caticu. Thomas Wilson Walker, dairyman «ud fcaavtmltiug contrnctor, slated : Bast season I employed a gang ot 25 Europeans Mi one gang. Alt were engaged at the rate ot 25s. ami found, hut those showing special merit in addition 'were recom pensed at the end of the season. In one instance the men used tents, and in the other two satisfactory accommodation arrnnrcmcnls wen! made liy tllie planters. i!L .a U,CKS for the men, and carried (through my contracts satisfactorily. (Approximately only four ot the men, who originally engaged wi'tli me, worked Ifirough the season to tJie cud. A number left through a gap occurring between the close of one and the commencement ot another contract, others were dismissed (through insobriety, and otliors left (through injury caused to their hands bv , trashing the cane. The gang worked rroi'u l ( Hi July to September. None of the men, compiamcrt of the work ibeing unduly arduous. I do not tliitak that this season tho crushing will extend to Christmas in ',fu i 1,1 1Jle instance, I applied to the Labour Bureau for men, but afterwards a sufficient number of iiiL-u came along to . meet all requirements. '".j __,ton cl'l,s. my men avur- agcu —j tons 3 cwt. per diem, and were Paid Sd. extra for loading- on trams, as against drays. There were plenty of men about last year, but all were not suitable for (he work. Thp best cutter in my gang (was aged CO, but 1 think the most suit able age -is from 25 to 35 years. I think a well organised labour bureau would lie of considerable assistance to the em ployers and men. I know nothing capable of preventing injury to the hands bv the Basil. 1 consider that trashed cane is iwortli Is. per ton more than untrashed. 'It actually cost mo Is. 3d. to Is. 4(1. per don to trash a 10-acro plot. Un less Ihcre are a great many more men than there were available last year, ihcre will lie a big shortage ot labo'itr this year, though the surplus of labour last year was not a surplus of good labour. If the seasons were extended, better financial results .would accrue to the men. I think it would be a good tiling if competent men were given certificates by employers, as a guide to others to whom they might apply. Only loafers would object to ,such a system. To Mr. Nielson : I think it would also be a good tiling, if employers were dis criminated with along the same, lines. Angus Nielson Dalil, a farmer at Woongarra, slated : Last year I grew 35 acres of cane, averaging 9 tons, which was harvested by members of my family, With several outside hands. 1 paid the latter £1 to 25s. a week and found. Two or the men worked through the season, but f sacked Ihc others oil account of inefficiency. They were not nilgai in capability to my sans of 15 and 1,6 years. I anticipate a heavier crop Hi is year, and do not expect a difli- . cully in harvesting. Men to he found about the street corners are not suitable for tile work. 1 have seen Danish, Ger man, and Swiss new chums give very good results after a Tew days' cutting. Willi Hie removal of B.OOh to 7,(10(1 kanakas at tins end of the year, there will ho a great difficulty in dealing with the crop. ' I consider (hat cam: cutting is among the easiest work on the farm. My men complained of injury to their hands through the trasli in the cane, hut I consider that trashing is unneces sary. U there are openings, fanners' sous, who wore the hcsl, cullers, will become landowners, thus increasing Hie demand fur labour, t consider that as an additional inducement, immigrants should he given opportunities of securing lands lor themselves. A desirable class of labour was mentioned' from Doirmark, Sweden, and Germany, but limy are not likely to have much money, and their passages will have to be paid. William .James Tatiu, cane-grower, though I. the. establishment of harvesters' homes, say in Hl-acre blocks, would bo an excellent move, and serve to keep tho men in tile district. The men could do a little geiicra'o farming, whioh their "families could continue (hiring the criisli- inK, leaving the men available for hnr- , vesting. Me mentioned that a reserve of 1,100 acres at Gnolnirruin was emi nently suitable for the cstahTTshinenl of such homes. Daniel W Melumey anticipated a great difficulty in dealing with the crop after the removal of the kanakas. Mo 'thought, a large number of additional men might lie obtained from the south, especially .from the Richmond and Clarence Rivers. He believed that growers' interests, also those of tlie men, woulii be batter served, if millers at the outset of me season would fix the daily tonnage Hiey woithL take from each fanner, who would he pre pared to enlnr inivi an agreement to deliver the staled tonnage. George Pringlo surd ; 1 have been en gaged in cane fanning for a period of 12 years, ami have gained experience. Willi kanakas, whites, and Hindoos in cane cutting. I am satisfied that a good class of while labour can do 1 tie harvesting work satisfactorily. 1 have paid while men 25s. and keep in a twenty ion crop. A good nma can cut three tons a day or iiutrnshed cane. 1 do net anticipate a shortage of labour this season. The hes-i class is made, up of farmers' sous in this districl . 1 (hint the idea of giving facili ties for (he establishment of harvesters' homes is a good one. About, twenty acres should he giver, to each seinier oil which (o grow household requirements, leaving his labour available for uniting in tile season. There are not sufficient Grown lands -available in this district for the purpose. II. would largely solve this difficulty if the big estates took up a mat, (or of Hint kind. I do not know whel.hur the scheme adopted by llingeru of cutting up Ihe estate .and leasing it to small growers was a success. I Ihink, to build these homes, settlers would re quire to have about £100. 1 had charge of Dr. Maxwell's experimental plot i'u Woongarra, and secured good results. Tim farmers made no effort to profit bv I lie instruction given at thai plot; a|, ' auy- rate, not to any extent, i consider tiie contract rales fixed locally for cut Hue are satisfactory, hut, weekly wages should he (ills., wilh 3s. lid. bonus for Hwise remain ing for Hie seasons. Frederick Lewis Noll, the proprietor of Windermere plant a I ion, said ; I have been growing cane for 28 years, and have 1,00(1 acres under cane. 1 employ 15 whites and 35 kanakas. I do not consider Hint white labour can cut or trash cane, at rates to enable I lie Industry to compete in the open market. 1 consider that a 30-ion crop' should bo - trashed and cut for 2' 3d. per. ton, .In sucU a crop, a kanaka Us.. I think alter the kanakas - are de ported, the industry In the north will go agreement for a stated time,, . The fact that the Federal Minister must be con vinced before assenting to such a thing, that'' no suitable labour is avail able for the purpose required, made . tho recent amendment in the Act of little service to those in need of labour. Irrigation would benefit the situation considerably iu making lor the (regularity of crops, which, in turn, | doubtless, would lead !to i better class of men offering for harvesting. As far as Dr. Maxwell's connection with (lie indus try is concerned, no benefit has resulted. He did not loach them anyhhi|iift new. Irrigation mninlv was responsible ror tho benefits on the experimental plot. Manuring was useless, unless irrigation was available. I am going to try to get black labour after the end of tho year, iff I fail, then, I will hry white. 1 am not in favour of subdividing my property for lease nor for sale. If unable to get white labour llris season, as I fear will lie the case, I will forfeit the bonus, and cut with black. The Italians who were introduced in the district some year ago, are very good workers. I paid those I employed IS®, a week and found. ' Horace Edward Houghton Young, ot Fairymead, saiu : I have been 28 years engaged in the sugar industry. We have now over 4,000 acres under cane. Hither to I worked entirely with black labour. Now I have one white man to three kanakas. The termer are doing very good work, and have not complained of pros tration through the heat. I have registered this year a toial_nt 2,00(1 acres for bounty. ' We arc employing 100 whites iit field work, on tile four estates, but the whole of our cano was planted by kanakas, having only been registered since January. I calculate that 1 will require 300 field hands to work our four estates in tlm slack season. During the harvest ing we will require a total of 500 melt. Planters are not wedded t-o coloured labour. Ifc is simply a ;nat/1er „f east. If tlie industry is protected in a manner to allow ilie present rates to while men or a little higher, and labour is available, I shall be able to carfy on and payfil per week and found to the men. Irriga tion has lessened the cost of cultivation, lmt lias carried its own additional ex penses. Still, in spite of this, irrigation is profitable. I anticipate a difficulty in dealing with this year's crop. We have only a third of the kanakas formerly em ployed. I think Hie growers should make an organised effort to introduce labour from the south. I do not consider vessels now in the trade could take away the kanakus remaining after December in six months, even though con ditions were most favourable. Un doubtedly it would be chcnpcr if these' vessels performed the work in con sequence. of the knowledge of the com manders of Ihc islands. A great number of islanders were averse lc going home, perhaps, in a measure, having been templed to remain by tlie high wages offered. It- would be unsaid to land a Solomon Islander, married to a Hebri- dean .woman, at the husband's island, as the woman almost assuredly would lie killed. My sister, who has given up her life to mission work among the islanders, lias received letters from Malayta, stat ing that kanaka children born in Queens land, and returning wilh their parents, invarinblv died on Hie island from sick ness within six months. They were more susceptible to this sickness than the native born children. The matter of landing so large a number of islanders would lie serious, in consequence of thu native food supplies being inadequate. I filial; it would tin unwise to land Mebridcan boys on Ihe Malayta mission islands. 1 do iicft. drink employers should be, compelled to keep (.lie islanders after the end of I iu: year till such Mine as vessels are availfihle (o take tliein away. Emplovcrs willingly will engage Mifiiii till their deportation. It is possible that some islanders, who have licen with us for 20 years, have no desire to return. The improved methods since 1889 have largely re duced the number of men required lo work in the minefields. 1 think the estab lishment, of harvesters' homes would he an excellent idea. T have no land avail able lor such a purpose on - Fairyincail. James (dark, oi Asligrove plantation, anticipated a. great difficulty in dealing with Ibis year's crop. Last year, though lie only wanted 18 men, lie passed about 1011 through tile books. (!. \V. lhiss also anticipated a difficulty with labour this yrar. L. Lute, farmer and cane culler, con sidered that in u 15 to 20 ton trashed crop a fairly good man could cut, 4 tons daily, and do .heller Iu such a crop at 2s. 3d. pur Ion than at 2s. fid. in a 3d- ton crop, in tin- latter case the cane fulls and spreads. His fifteen-year-old son averaged 3 tens daily in a 15 to 2(1 ion crop. On nn average, ilie Woongarra land was carrying a crop worth about £15 per acre. Tlie commission adjourned till to-day. 