! A TRAVELLER'S IMPRESSIONS. | RETURN OF MR. J. HUGHES. M.L.O. Canadian methods of advertising that remark ably go-ahead country profoundly impressed' Mr. John Hughes, M.L.C.. and Vice-President of the Executive Council, during his recent excursion abroad, and ho says that the energetic Dominion is benefiting accordingly from its generous policy of encouraging Immigration and tourists. They advertise tho length and breadth of their own country, and whorever else you go you hear of tho facilities that Canada Is offering as a country to go and live in. The London office is in the vicinity of Charing Cross ulation — a flno up-to-date building, where the .naif seemingly does nothing else but boom its country and af ford information to inquirers. Moreover, they havo missionaries who scour the eiuutry with tho samo object, and shipping and railway and tourist buroaux, who act on their own initia tive, helping tho scheme along. Mr. Hughes made a short trip to Canada. The vessel ho travelled across in was the new Cana dian-Pacific llailway liner, the Empi'ess of Ire land', which carriod S00 immigrants tiiird-claes. iney wero mostly Scandinavians, jpeclally select ed, and a flno stamp of settlers. He was struck with tho excellent system the Canadian Govorn- I ment employs In receiving its immigrants. They get passages across at reduced rates, uro met on arrival by Government officials, their effects, so long as they are "settlers' effects." are passed free of Customs duty, and they aro carried at cheap rates to the locality of their free grant of laud. As to whether Australia should emulate euch a policy, Mr. Hughes pointed out ihnt the ching could be overdone. He waa a firm believer Jn a sound immigration policy, but wo could not com- peto with Canada for reasons which wore abund antly evident, chiefly in respect of Hstanco and the cost of getting people here. Ail the same, lie found wherever he wont that great interest was being taken in this country, and ho met with Inquiries regarding it wherover ho travel led. Ho confirms the impressions of other tra vellers that Australia requires more advertising abroad, and' Is glad to hear that our Intelligence Department is doing something In this respect. With regard to Australian produce in Loudon, I Mr. Hughes considers that it would pay this ' country to follow tho example of Now Zealand, Canada, Denmark, and other countries, and have a commercial agent in London, who would super- ; vise products sent into tho markets. This, of course, should bo tho concern of the Federal authorities. Denmark pays an agent to special ly watch its interests, nnd run io oarth all frauds perpotrated by sellers of goods represent ed as Danish when they aro not. Tho Agont- | General, Mr. Coghlun, has boon Instrumental In bringing several people to book, but it is really work which ought to bo performod, if it io to be duno thoroughly, by an officer with no other responsibility 011 his shoulders. The chief con- corn of merchants receiving our produce Is to find a speedy market for it. Afterwards any fraud may be perpetrated, and is Jikcly to oscapo detection except in tho moat glaring instances. Mr. Coghlan Is, Mr. Hughes consldors, doing excellent work for Australia, but, of course, he uauiiui uu uYcijitYuuiu, uuu correct a0UHG9 WHICH will occur in the markets of tbo world. 