DISTRICT AND GENERAL SUMMARY. Lectu-c on x rays at the l'nrieh Hall by Dr. Cleiidiniieu I his evening. Camperdown Stock sales to-day. llampdcn Shire Council meets to day. Messrs Walt Bros. Slock sale at Wattle Hill to-morrow. Mortlake Stock sales to- morrow. Strathkcllar farmers are asking for a school. A cadet corps in lo bo formed iv Cub den. Heavy Hoods have occurred in the Wimmera. Two otrthquako shocks have been felt iv Carnarvonshire, Liucashire and other counties. Natives have been tried and punished for the murder of Captain Bull iv the Soudnu. Mr. Ramsay Macdonald, a British Labor leader, has arranged to sail for Australia on 10th August. Miss Billington has beeu released over the female suffrage disturbances in Eng land. A friend paid the fine. Tho bricklayers of Austria have obtained a substantial iucrea&o; in wages, and the look-out is now at an end. Miss Ada Crossley achieved a great success in England, she beinij assigucd preeminence at the Handel Festival. In the State revenue returns large in creases are shown in most items and the probable surplus amounts to £700,04H). Mr. Isaacs, Federal Attorney-General, has accepted the invitation to speak at Warrnambool on the Ministerial policy. The class of immigrants from London to Canada, sent by. the Salvation _Aruiy, has been eulogised by the Canadian ollicials. During the past half-year no fewer than 1285 men have obtained work through registering at tho Government Labour Bureau.- Experiments made with clay obtained fct Korumburra have shown that it is suitable for making bricks of good quality. " Mr. Judkins had a lively meeting at Wesley Church on Sunday afternoon. A policeman was called in and ejected dis turbers. Mr. Robiuson, M.H.R., presented a petition to the House of Representatives on Friday opposing the passing of the Anti-Trust Bill. ' Canon Goodman was presented with an illuminated address by the Ruridecanal Chapter of Geelong on his retirement from the Ministry. r Mr. B. Hobson, of Princetowu, has the coutract for planting marram grass along the beach, to prevent the sand drifting over valuable property. v :.':,:'' The report of the Australian Shipping Commission recommends tho establish ment of a national fleet of 8 steamers at acostof £3,000,000. \ A sitting of the General Sessions'and County Court will commence al Warrnambool on Tuesday next. Tho list is a lengthy one. . • ' Owing to the heavy rain and boister ous weather, operations at the Merri weir works" were last week practically suspended. The peasnnU in the Kursk' district of middle Rusaiaare using as their watchword, "The Land is Almighty God's." Tho peasants are destroying forests aud steal ing cattle. Mrs. Lausell, widow of the late Mr. George Lansell, will devoU £2000 as a fund iv perpetuity, the iuterert on which will be distributed among worn out miners.. The Government has purchased, for Closer settlement purposes, 337 acres of land at Port Fairy, on the Yambuk road, known as I'iuu'H. Eight settlers will bo provided for. . ' :■ ' The Londonbuttermarket isfirm. Danish is unchanged at 112* to 114s per cwl^- Choicest Australian is selling at 100s Iv 102?, unsalted fetching 102s" toJ.lOJs.' New Zealand is selling at 105s to lOCS. The Ballarat Trades and Labor Council condemn the centralisation policy of tho Railway Commissioners in advocating the displacement of railway engine construc tion from the country to the city. - Probate duty whs paid on Friday to the extent of £1)0(53 13s Sd in the estate of the late Walter Laidlaw, sonior, of Apsley, grazier, the balance of the estate fouud nvaiUble for duty being valued at £98,556 lSla 2d. The latest advices from St. Petersburg state that there are signs that the military unrest in Russia is widespread and increasing. The grievance is partly personal, but largely the result of sym pathy with the land policy of the Duma. The Jung visited the Royal Agricul tural Show at Derby, aud in a speech, emphasied his " warm personal interest! in agriculture and stock raising." He was " proud to see that purchasers from all parts of the world flocked to England to obtain stock." 