Dairying. A visitor recently returned from London assures us that the butter and dairying products of Australia fill a very small corner indeed of the markets of that great city. Al though to us the dairying industry is one of our main means of wealth, and although the total output ap pears to be a large one, it is, he says, almost lost in the stupendous quantities which centre in London from all the corners of the earth. The great majority of the house holders of the United Kingdom have never tasted such a product as Australian butter. But this com parison is rather a matter for en couragement than dismay. That an industry which has grown so rapidly and become of such high value to us, should not have had any noticeable effect upon the great markets of the world, is a guarantee that room for expansion and increase is practically unlimited. So long as the duality is maintained there seems no possibility of the supply ever coming up to the demand. The history of the dairying in dustry shows what a marked effect its growth has had upon land selec tion. In the same way that the wheat farmer is taking his plough out among the sheep runs of the west, so he in his turn is followed even more closely by the dairy farmer. As dairying returns the largest result from the least number of acres of any of our three great rural industries, a large saving of land space has been effected. For instance, for the year ending 31st March, 1S99 (before the effect of dairying was noticeable upon land tenures), the average area ot hold ings alienated under the Crown Lands Act was only a little short of Soo acres. For the year ending the same date in 1905 the average area of the holdings taken up had fallen to 635 acres. This gives to our State lands a population capacity of a fourth more than they possessed thirteen years ago. Compared with the other industries, there is far less waste of dairying lands than those used for any other purpose. In the older countries of the world, where the pressure on land space is ex ceptionally great, holdings, which to us appear ridiculously small, combine to build up such enormous outputs as those of the Danish and British butter factories. The say ing 'three acres and a cow,' though an electioneering cry, is yet a testimony of the amount ot capital which may be extracted from the soil by this branch of industry. For this reason it is gratifying to know that our present prosperity, combined -with the natural evolu tion of the uses to which our land is being put, has given an immense lift to this valuable industry. In the year 1895 the New South Wales output of butter amounted to 23,000,000 lbs. ; by the end of 1904 the total had more than doubled itself, and stood at 56,000,000 lbs. Cheese for the same period pro gressed from 3,000,000 lbs. to 4,250,000 lbs. ; bacon from 5,250,000 lbs. to 10,680,000 lbs. One item alone will show what an immense asset the dairying industry is. The number of cows from which this wealth is gained is about 600,000, which at an average price of £9 per cow makes the value of the cattle alone over ,£5,000,000. In view of the fact that our State is awake to its need for a greater population, it is satisfactory to ?know that we have among the causes of our prosperity an industry capable of absorbing a great num ber of people. The influx of immi grants will not only add to our out put by their own labors, but will teach a valuable lesson as to the manner in which still greater re sults may be won. For instance, were an inducement held out to the dairy farmers of Denmark to emi grate to Australia, we should have a number of farmers who, by neces sity, have become expert in extract ing a living from holdings of ten acres or less. Under their skilful hands a practical demonstration would be given of how all waste may be avoided. It is not im probable that an influx from the dairying countries of the world will take place. The rapid increase in our output is advertised in the fact ' to the butter-making peoples of the j world that even the sparsely popu- i lated areas of Australia are yielding . enough to show tbe possibilities of j her becoming a formidable competi- ? tor for the trade of the world. It is ! an advantage to the development of this industry that distance from the market is no terrible drawback — butter, cheese and bacon all lending themselves readily to storage and 1 export. Consequently, our export trade in tbese commodities is one which by its handiness would ap peal to the merchant, and the ships engaged in plying to Australia are beginning to look upon it as one of the main items towards their profits. The industry, now that it is recover ing from the set- back of our bad years, and is again progressing at a phenomenal rate, carries with it the promise of almost limitless develop ment in the near future. 