THE END OF THE MONTH. \- 1 nc end of this month will see the . end-of B.P. and. Co.'s discount sale, after that tim« there will be no moro three' shillings discount in the fi. Until the month ' expires'a cash .- discount of 1/6 off every 10*/-, and 3/- off every-"fi: will be given, so in- tending purchasers please note. All' drapery has been considerably* re- duced in price to effect a clearance before stock taking. With the re- duced prices and big cash discount. Burns, Philp and Co. are now giving twenty shillings worth ot drapery (or fourteen «hilliagf. ? PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. Services will be held on. Sunday iu the Church, Sheridan-street, as fol- lows :-ll a.m.' and Í7.30 ï>.m. \ preacher Reva Jas." Muir, CAIRNS IMPORTS. The value of tho imports oí Cairns for the month of January up to the 21st inst, was £16,676, made u¡p of Australian £64-10, interstgte £1262, and oversea '£8969, THE AMBULANCE MEETING. We understand that the i annual meeting of the Cairns Ambulance Brigade was held on Thursday night. As we did not reçoive any notice of thc meeting wo are unable to give any particulars. The Cairns Ambulance Brigade -is the only PUb ILo . ra»tii,.u"" i" TC"rt.u Qu«»i»lainl which docs not aüviso thc press or at least a portion of it of its meet- ings, .whether or not the committee desire to suppress details we cannot say, but the fact remains* LOCAL SHARE MARKET. Mr. A. J. Draper, stock and share broker. Cairns, reports as follows regarding the local share marketl '? O.K., b 19/6, s 20/- ; Dalzicl, s 8/6; Mt. Molloy, b 14/-, s 14/6 ; Chilla- goe, b 4/9 ; Mungana, b 3/7, s 3/9 ; Vulcan Hope, b 4/6'. s 4/10 : Smiths Creek, b 5/10. Sales, of Charters i Tomers stocks were as followa T Bonnie Dundee, 3/5 : Day Dawn Sc- hool Reserve, paid, 2/10 : Deep Lev« els, 2/11 ; Imperial, 6id : Kelly's Queen Block, paid, 9/3 ; New Brilli- ant Freeholds. 3/7. The Charters Towers market is very quiet. HERBERTON RAILWAY CONNEC- TION. At a meeting of thc Herberton Chamber of Commerce held this week Mr. Harding, at some length, pour trayed the advantages which rail- way connection with Atherton would be to the public. He also spoke as to what he thought would be the most suitable means. Messrs New- ell, Ledlie, MeKiernan and others al- so spoke in favor of communication, but ehiefly advising the construction of a tramline. Mr. Newell moved finally. Mr. Havard seconded, and it was carried unanimously-'That tho I Shire Council be asked to take steps to have a tramline surveyed from Atholton to Herbei ton, pointing out that the services of an accredited sur vcyor were available, and also that a public meeting be called by the Shire Council at a subsequent date.i A HOPELESS OUTLOOK. Some weeks ago Mr. A. Jack, oí the Moesmail, proceeded to the Sou. them States with a view to engag. ing labor to replace the kanaka on the sugar plantations . in this dis- trict. Then he ¡pilly succeeded in in dueing some 21 to conic North, and from advices received in Townsville during the past fea- days, those who ' dill on.UiaU. tl.c -work are not by any means enumiK.retl with it ¿says the ?.Bulleiio"'). lt seems that eight of the party who carno from Victoria have suffered, severely from malarial fever and the balance are only . waiting to acquire sufficient) money to pay their passages back to their old haunts. Under tho cir- cumstances the farmers feel eveu more disheartened than ever, and view with keener alarm the deporta» tion oí the kanaka¿ WHAT WE MOST NEED. Immigrants can be brought to Aus tralia in shiploads, according to a letter received by the Premier (Mr. Beut) yesterday (says the Melbourne "Argus" of January 13th), from a Dane, writing from the Danish con- sulate. The writer, declares that me» could be brought from Norway, Sweden and Denmark, who would make most desirable colonists in ev- ery way. Their advent woultl not only lead to au immediate incroaso of population, but the writer indi cates that, as "race suicide" has not yet found a footing in theSa count- ( ries, the more remote effects on .the population -would be gratifying . to \ people who desire io see the country, j progress. Men nf industry are r<^ quired, he says, and the further op- inion is expressed that the Austral- ian does not know what industry is. There were Djmes who could do more on five acres than farmers in Austra- lia could do on one hundred. If the Government were convinced* that* these men should be encouraged, ;the writer was the man to entrust with a mission to induce immigrants to come. Mr. Bent" directed that the letter should be acknowledged with thanks,, m Mit. WOODS AND THE ETHER EDGE LINE. It looks as if Mr.. M. Woods, M.L. A., were going to have a rough timo over his vote on the Etheridge line. Fortunate'y for Mr. Mann the peo- ple in the Cairns district are more civilised. . Thus the "W. H. crimes'-*-: -Tlio- Herberton brunCh .ot .-tho VVoo _tihaj¿ata.-W:P.O.'-heÍd à meeting last Saturday evening:-: "Tne-rote~s-¡-«-<m by Mr. M;Í Woods, M.E.A., on the Chillagóe-Georg'etown railway reso- lution came up far discussion, some contending that the ''Hansard" re- cord is sufficient evidence that Mr. Woods has by his vote broken the railway plank of the Labor plat- form, and others contending that) Mr. Woods be beard at a public meeting of electors in Herberton, to be held under the auspices of "the W.P.O., and- given an opportunity to explain, if he can¡ his vote on the 15th December. . 'A motion to this effect" was carried. ' An amendment moved by Mr. Bretherton and secon- ded -by Mr. Maxwell, "That Mr. Woods be asked to meet the branch before addressing " the -publie meet- ing," was lost. The upshot of the discussion and motion carried was that the Secretary '(Mr. Bremner), and the President (Mr, Grigg) tend- ered their resignations, which were accepted. .Other "members who ag- reed with Messrs Grjgg and Bremner that the "?Hansard"- record is* "suffi- cient; evidence of . ..Mr. Wopda having broken. Trhe Labor platform,, also in- timated, that " they too would sever their; connection; -with the W.P.O., which hitherto had stood for strai- ght Labor - against, the electors who r>re of all shades of opinion* 