GERMANY AND TUE BALTIC. . It is now announced that Germany, in pursuance of her policy of winning free- dom for the operations of her fleet to the north of Europe, has established n great naval stuUoa at Souderburg, at the en- trance to the Baltic. This is a step lu the direction of overcoming the disappoint- ment caused by the inadequacy of the canal to the increased demands upon its accommodation. The great ships which form part of the German naval building programme are far to largo to negotiate this passage, which was planned when the warships of tho Empire were constructed on a smaller scale. But one of the infer- ences drawn from the iucldent and the manoeuvring of the fleet in Danish waters is that a treaty has been negotiated by Germany with Denmark. By this time, no doubt, the long-standing bitterness over the Schleswig-Holstein matter is suffici- ently forgotten to lot Denmark see her advantage in cultivating friendly relations with her strong neighbour. To some ob- servers it rnny look like an alliance of the hawk with its quarry, but the advantage to Germany in securing a free and un- questioned passage for her sliips between the Baltic and the North Sea would make it worth the Emperor's while to treat the Danes liberally. Denmark may not bo a formidable foo; but as the ally of England, or France, or Russia, she might make mat tors extremely inconvenient for the Ger- man navy in the event of wnr. The big-ship policy of Germany is the plainest indication of her ambition on the ocean. So far as the defence of her own coasts is concerned their very nature calls for vessels of shallow draught. Her naval programme contemplates the laying down of two battleships annually until 1910, to bo as large as the Dreadnought, and to occupy each three years in building. The British Admiralty meets this and other indications of policy ' by recommending to the Government a programme of three Dreadnoughts for the present year, and the rc-arrnngement of the fleets speaks for itself. Berchaven is the new base for the Channel, North Sea, and Mediterra- nean fleets instead of Gibraltar, and the Uorae fleet, with its headquarters at Sheer ness and its 15 battleships and 14 swift armoured cruisers with full crews con- stantly drilled up to the point of continu- ous efficiency, shows what the naval au- thorities think of the changes in the situ- ation since the Russo-Japanese war upset the balance of the sea-power. Comment- ing on tills in the "Nineteenth Century," and speaking with reference to the recent criticism of the Government's naval policy, I Mr. Archibald S. Hurd ventures the asser- tion that, "presuming the Government ad- heres to its many pledges-and there Is no justification for conviction before trial -the nation may remain calm in face of the continued increase of the Gorman fleet." Public Works.-Aftor two years of compara- tive qulcsconco, the Public Works Department will In tho .course vat a few months bo again In a high stato of activity, approaching toi something like the condition of affairs which I provalled while the last Government was pil- ing up tho loan indebtedness of tho Stato nt| a reckless spoed. Parliament has authorised quite a number of trnniwnys and railways, besides other public works, and as soon as the loan estimates aro passed the Minister for Works Intends to push nhoad with all authorised undertakings, The tramway sanctioned include thoso to Bellevue Hill; to Dulwich Hill, via Addlson-road; along Abor-j cromble-stroet to Erskineville; and from Basti to West aiaitland. There are also the exten- sion of the Belmoro railway to Chapel-road, the Mudgee to Dunedoo railway, and the carry- ing out of a deviation on tho Western Uno to avoid tho Lithgow Zig-Zag, in addition to tho Barren Jack dam, and other Important undertakings in different parts of tho country. The Disappearing Land Tax.-Whether or not tho land tax for 1907 will be collected by municipal councils under tho Local Govern- ment Bill is a matter of doubt. The moasuro will not como into forco for some time, ; possibly for six months, and It may bo found t Inconveniont for tho councils to collect tho j tax next year. Under the circumstances, tho Government m_y have to conelnuo the collec- tion for another year. "If the Government ; collect the tax," the Premier stated, when! consulted about the inattor, "it will discharge I its obligations by keeping tho roads In a! proper stato of repair, and defraying the cost out of the land tax." ! North Const Railway.-Tho Minister for Works Intends to push on with tho North Coast railway as soon as the necessary funds havo been rnado available. Surveyors have already gono out, and tho working survey of tbo first section from Maitland to Taree will bo commenced at once from both ends. Should It bo found expediont, tho samo system of working from both ends will bo adopted when tho construction works aro put In hand. It is Mr. Leo's intention to employ day labour where it can bo dono economically, though 't will be necessary to havo a very largo por- tion of tho work carried out by contract. Local Government.-Tho Premier strongly objects to some of tho criticism that has been aimed at the Local Government Bill. Ho donlcs that, tho measure WU3 in any sense "rabid" when it went up to tho Legislativo Council, and as for the amendments mado by the Upper IIouso, ho says they numbered about 20, of which fully l8 wore proposed by the Government themselves. Thoy were amend- ments affecting tho character of tho bill In no way, but dealing purely with details with tho object of moro perfectly carrying out tho purposes of tho bill. Tho only material amendments mado by tho Legislative Council aro three, Mr. Carruthers states. A vory simple ono Is with rognrd to the franchise. It eliminates tho "oral tenancy" qualification, and increases tho rental qualification from £5 to £13. Tho Council also made an amend- ment with respect to the right of tho peoplo to tax themselves, and the Premier fails to soo that thoro was anything "rabid" in tho clause as It left tho Assembly or in Its nmondod form. Another amendment to which ho referred was that rospeotlng the voting of "ratepayers" and "doctors" on financial questions. Considering that the practico has boen for ovvnors to pay their rates in flio names of their tenants, and thus secure two or threo votes for tholr property, tho differ- ence botwoou "doctors" and "ratepayers" under the now law, tho Premier thinks, is a vory small one. The Government accoptcd 't because thoy folt that the question Involved nothing worth qunrrolling about. Of about 30 or 40 powo.s the bill proposed to give coun- cils tho right to assume, tho Legislativo Council struck out eight or nine. Tho safe- guards provided against tho haBty assumption of powers aro sufllciont, tho Premier states, to remove any causo for fear, nnd thoso samo powers aro alroady being oxorcised by muni- cipal bodies in all tho older parts of the western world. The German Creek Murder.-Wo havo ro coived Boverul letters in roforonco to tho cas» of tho young mun Brown, who Is lying under Bontenco of death for tho German Creek mur- der. "Citizen" contendí that the culprit was insane_vhon ho commlttod tho docd for which ho is to suttor tho extremo penalty of tho law on Wednesday. Our correspondent says: "Tho Bxecutivo Government of this Stato ap- pears to bo about to visit upon us a tragic blunder by the contomplatod execution of tho youth Brown. Mr, Carruthers' spaeeh-ln the House on Friday last seemed to chow that ho was then saying what ho ¡ntondod should bo the last word. But ho should lndcod pauBo If there Is yet ono doubt as to the concctnoBs of that solemn act by which ho and his col- leagues in council have decided upon the carrying out ot the dread sentence. Was Broxyn labouring under such a defect of rea- son from dlseo.su of Ino mind as led him to belicvo that it was his duty to found a white Australia rex'olution movomout, and that for such purpose he must r;et funds, wherever ho could, no matter at what coat of human life, and led him to proceed to the residence of lils honefactors under tho Influence of the de- lusion, with tho awful result which followed? Did he believe that he was not committing a crime, but on the other hand that he xvas dis- charging a duty to hin felloxxs iu so taking stepB to obtain funds? If those questions aro to bo answered in the affirmative, then it seems to mo that as a matter of laxv, apart from other considerations, Brown should noxv he in custody as a lunatic and not condemned to death. There has been a mistake some xvhero In this case, I fool convinced." "Human- ity" (Bnrraba) say3 there aro several features In favour of the condemned youth which, Jio thinks, ought to appeal to philanthropic bodies throughout tho State, nnd urgo thom to tako steps, even at this late hour, to have the death sentence commuted to that of life im- prisonment. "Brown's crime," he points out, "xx as undoubtedly a terrible one, and under different circumstances xvonld deservedly merit tho punishment prescribed by our statuto books; but in this case tho culprit is a mero boy, who was quito ignorant of tho magnitude of the crimo which ho contemplated perpetrating. A victim of circumstances, his environment through life has not been such as would tend to olovate, ennoble, and human- ise character." Immigration.-The Premier is quite satisfied with the progress of tho Immigration move- ment, and ho thinks thoro is no fear of glut- ting the labour market, provided the right claBs of people aro brought out. A steamer to arrlvo in a fexv days has on board 29 per- sons xvho are coming out on "assisted" passages. Only 13 of them have been sent by the Agent-Genernl; the remainder aro com- ing on the nominations of their friends at this end. "Wo have sometimes had BO In a week," Mr. Carruthers explained, "and they have all boen absorbed without trouble A fcaturo of tho business Is that many of thoso who havo como out aro sending nice letters home to tholr frionds, and these lottors are finding tholr way Into tho English papers. Of course, there aro always a foxv who aro disappointed, but that is to bo expected." Ono of tho difficulties with which the Government has to contond is tho publication of unauthorised and often ridiculous paragraphs in some of tbo English papers. Recently a statement was published to tbo effect that tho Noxv South Wales Government not only guaranteed work for new arrivals, but provided freo training for tlioso of tho immigrants who may bo unskilled in agriculture. One result Is that the Agent General receives about 1000 applications weekly from peoplo of nil classes, who are anxious to accept the generosity of tho Noxv South Wales Govornment. The work of "sifting out" is greatly Incroasod in conse- quence, for mon only suitable for the rural Industries aro sent out. A pleasing develop- ment of the immigration movemont is the increasing numbers of peoplo who are nomi- nated by tholr friends at this end for assisted passages. Last year about 200 friends of Immigrants wero assisted to tho Stato under this system; this 'year, the Promier says, the number will bo quite 1000. New Roman Catholic Church at Neutral Bay.-Yesterday aftornoxnn Cardinal Moran blessed and oponod a church recently erected at Neutral Bay. The building is of attrac- tive design, and is constructed of brick, with stone dressings and slate roof. Tho internal fittings are In keoplng with the general struc- ture, which will seat COO persons. The total cost was about £1000. Tho now'ehurch Is situated on a largo block of land having front- ages to Barry, Lindsay, and Bydown streets. Mr. J. Nangle was tho architect, and Mr. G. Brown tho contractor. Cardinal Moran, on arrival, accompatiod hy tho Rev. J. O'Gormnn, was recolvod by the Rev. Pathers E. O'Brien and O'Regan, of Mosman, and tho Roman Catholic guilds. The Rex-. E. O'Brien made a statement with regard to tbo financial posi- tion of the church, and mentioned that towards the cost a sum of £200 had boen already Bub scribed. Tho Cardinal dollvorod a spooch, la which ho congratulated tho district on tho complotlon of tho building Mr. Wells' s Visit to Australia.-Mr. H. G. Wells, tho well-known novelist and writor on "sociological subjects, has sent the following letter to Dr. Richard Arthur, in responso to a suggestion that ho should visit Australia with the object of describing its resources and institutions. Mr. Wells's recent work, "Tho Future In America," has been one of tho most noticed books in tho English press: "Your very tempting invitatiob reaches me just as I am starting for a short holiday in Italy. At the first blush the idea o£ making a picture of the Australian situation is extra- ordinarily attractive to mo. It Is, however« quito out of tho question for the next 12 months, and if I do it at all I think I should, ufter Australia, go to Canton, Japan, and San Francisco, in order to get tho effect of the situation completo. It means, in fact, that I should have to mako tho acceptance of your hospltabío suggestion part of a year's journoy at least, and that ia a great break in j tho middle years of a man's literary career. The question of raco conflict and culture con- flict has risen upon mo to a great importance -you will seo that I havo dealt very frankly with tbo colour question In America-and it IB quito possible that I may ultimately mako It my subject and givo a largo portion of my life to it. Until I decido to do that I ^ink I should hesltato to tako so long a voyage as you suggest. And you know I'm open minded. I shall say exactly what I think, and toll oxactly xvhat I seo and tool. I may bless wbero you want mo to cureo, and curse whero you want mo to bless." City Council and the Abattoirs.-Tho Lord Mayor (Alderman Allon Taylor) stated, at a special meeting of the City Council on Friday, that ho bad had an interview with tho Minister for Works on tho previous night in regard to the abattoirs.^ In Juno last, he reminded the mooting, the Premier pointed out that the abattoirs would bo vested in the Council, but ho (tbo Lord Mayor) found that tbo bill dealing with tbo matter which was about to bo introduced to Parliament was practically the recommendation of tho Publie Works Committee, xvheroby the abattoirs xxiii bo shifted to Homebush Bay, at a proposed xpendlture of £180,000, or tboreabouts. Tho bill consisted of four clausos only, and it meant that the Government wore going to control tho abattoirs at Homebush Bay, as thoy did at Globe Island now. But tho Minister for Works made it perfectly clear to him that In tho ovent of it being proposed to hand over the abattoirs to tho Council a short bill would bo required to bo carrlod through Par- liament before this could bo dono. Ho had slnco submitted to the Minister the letter recolvcd from tho Promier In Juno last point- ing out that the Council would not lose con- trol of tho local supply, and the question xvould, no doubt, bo considered by the Cabinet later on. Tho Minister mado it perfectly clear that ho was not hostile to tbo Council; but that in tho ovent of tho Cabinet deciding to comply with tho conditions agroed to by tho Premier, a further bill would bo neces- sary. Ho mado this announcement at tho first opportunity, so that tho Council might tnko whatover stops thoy considered necessary in regard to tho matter. Sculling Championship,-It has been de- finitely Bottled that Durnan and Towna aro to row for the championship ovor a caurso of threo milos on tho Nepean River at Pen- rith. Tho dato of tho raco will bo March 2, and tho stnltoa aro £500 aside, Towns allow- ing tho Canadian £100 for expenses. Satis- factory nrrangonionts havo boen mado lu ro- gara to tho "gate," which xvlll bo equally divided. A number of spoclal trains will bo rim to Pourltli on tho raco day, and thero should be little difficulty in carrying a larger numbor of persons than vlBlted tho previous championships hold thoro. Tho enclosed spaces along tbo banks of tho rlvor will bo roaorved for tickot-holdors, and thoro xvlll bo a limited numbor of tickets Issued for tho lauaohoB which will bo allowed to fol- low the raco. Towns and Durnan will tako up quarters near tho courso some timo boforo the race day, and no doubt some arrangement will be mado 'to give persons interested a chance to seo some exhibition rowing. Syd ney people aro naturally disappointed that the race will not borrowed on the Parramatta, but It is pointed out that there nre soveral reasons why tho change is desirable If tho managomont~of the forthcoming raco is suc- cessful, there may be many moro big races on the Nepean Tho rival champions will sign articles in a day or two, and they will soon afterwards got into training Neuwal Bay Ferry -Regular passenger«- bj tho ferry holweon Circular Quay and Neutral Bay havo still cairne to complain of tho way In which tholr convenlonco is interfered with by reason of their wharf being also used to accommodate passengers for Clifton Gardens Balmoral, and tho Spit Recently thev entered an emphatic protest against the prac- tice but their e\perienco on S itiirdny showed that It had been disregarded Large crowds of cccurslonlbts bound for tho swimming car- nival at Clifton Gardens gathered on the wharf for a boat advertised to leave at half-past 1 It was tullj a quarter of an hour Utcr when tho vessel moored at the vi hurt and during that time there were so many pooplo on tho wharf that the efforts of tho servants of the company failed to keep a space cleur for tho passengers for Neutral Ba> They were not tho only ones incouvonlenced, as tho Clifton Gardens passengers were kept penned up be- tween rows of scats like so many sheep until tho overdue steamer carno alongside, when a lush at once set in for tho vessel It Is hold by regular travellers that tho servlco to Clifton Gardons should bo consldored an excursion ono, and start from Fort Macquarie, If only for comfort and safety. Immigrants for Now South Wales-Tho steamer Geolong, which arrived at Melbourne on Saturday from London, brought a detach- ment of asslstod immigrants for New South Wnlca. Arrival of an Immigrant Ship-The ano Bteamor Everton Orango, with a num- ber of immigrants for this Stato, in addition to 245 for Now Zealand ports and several for tho neighbour- ing state of Queensland, arrived at Sydney last evening and proceeded to a borth at Darling Island Tho passengers for Sydney, adults and children, number GB, and include eight English and ono Irish farmer in tho prime of life, accompanied in moat caBos by their families One English farmer of 40 years of ago has brought with him his wife, 10 years of age, and seven children, whoso ages range from 1J to 12, and another agri- cultural couple aro accompanied by five children of from 2 to 20 years of age Others for this State Include a domestic servant, two English labourers a Scotch hole-borer, a clerk, a mechanic, a oarpenter, and a discharged soldier, 35 years of age Commander W" E Maxwell Brown reports that the health of I the bhip's company remained excellent all tho way from Liverpool In tho courso of a few dais ths Everton Grango will continue her voyago to Now Zealand [ National Art Gallery-rive now oil paint- ings havo beon placed in tho National Art Gallery of Now South Wales Tho most Im- portant of these is a splendid landscapo by David Murray, RA, which that artist for- warded on approval in substitution for his work "Tho Angler," purchased in 1902 Ho consldored that tho lattor did not represent him so wdl, and this is the opinion of tho trustees, who aro vorj plcasod to securo tho now picturo "River Blossoms ' The titlo Is partly allegorical, since it may bo taken to refer not only to tho lilies that float upon the surfaco of tho stream, but also to the human lily of tho scene-a girl In white lazily reclining In a punt The charm of tho whole is undeniable, tho differentiation in tho foi Ingo of tho trees on tho banks, and the strong handling of a summer Bky in which one ominous rain-cloud hangs low, winning ad- miration "River Blossoms" was exhibited at tho Royal Acadomy three years ago i i Crossing Place," by H Schcltema, an nrtist now resident in Melbourne has been added to tho Australian Court The sceno shows a drover on horseback Just entering a ford Al- ready somo of tho herd havo lazily reached tho other side, and tho heat-haze in the dis- tance, and the general atmosphere of serenity suggest a pleasant world in which there is no hurry Tho drawing of the cattle, of all shapes and colours, Is vigorous, and tho com- position harmoniously balanced Six years ago Mr Goorgo Lambert was awarded a travelling scholarship of £150 a year foi thioo years by tho then Society of Artists c1 this city The attached condition was that ho should send three paintings to tho Domain collection dur- ing that period, one of which, "Tho Guitarito," duly carno to hand. Mr Lambort now com- pletes his task by sending In "Tho Kimonos," a group of throa European ladies partly dressed in Eastern fashion, and an "Eques- trian Portrait of a Boy " The latter is of compolllng interest, though it is probable that tho design (which seems dimly familiar) owes something to one or other of the Old Masters The subject shows tho boy In his llttlo rod coat and gaiters soatod on a wilful and diminutivo ponv, a pot that nostles its head against tho arm of a young girl In a ' pig-tail, ' who stands to mind it Tho work is a winning one in many respects, tho treat- ment of tho animal, with tho suggestion e.f arrested movemont, being especially vhid Both these pictures by tho Australian student were shown at tho Paris Salon Cbcap excursion ticket, to the Ilawkcabury in con I junction with the steamer General Gordon lull lia i_ued on Wednesday next by tr-iinä leay ins Sydney at 8 ,) a ni, and Milson s l'oint at 8 JO a m . In connection with the interstate cricLet match a speeiul service of trama will bo run to tlia Sjdn y Cneke* Crounil to daj, commencing at 10 50 am, from Circular Quay and -lill- avenue ' Tie recent adluions to Messrs Hordern Brothers' premises liavo enabled them to double the space pre. vlously devoted to the men s clothing departments Tile feature of the extensions is the row showroom lo' trimme I raillin-n, which lim been fltted up in the most up-t>dnte manner lins las enabled the un trimmed millinery and children's coätume departments to be enlarged, ard all arc cool and well lighted The finns premises now extend riRht through from Pitt street to Oeortie-streei and the work of dressing and dceo-iiirg for the Clii-tinas seaton has already begun We have been asked to draw ut_n_on to an adver tlsement in this issue with reference to the atatc of the Svdnev Ragged School rund Additional help is said lo Le urgently needed Arrangements havo been made by the Young Men's Christian Associations of Australia to have representa tile meetings in Melbourne (lining Christmas week to participate in cricket tennis gi-mnastics and ath letie-s liiere will nlso bo a debating; tournament Mr J J V irgo the general secretary is taking teams from the Sjeinev association to compete in each de pa riment Particulars are announced In our advertising columns f i sale hy auction of SO water colour paintings of Vmtnlian bird life hy Mr O I JiroinovvsU Th» sale will bo conducted in the rooms of Messrs Lawson and Little Hie Photographie Inhibition "New South Wales illustrated bj the camera " which is to be opened in the lloilway Institute on Momipv next is likely to be a big HUCCCM A largo number of entries lins already been received particularly from country photographers nul it is expected that tnanv more rill be made to daj, which Is the last day for rccenlng entries The show of photographic posteanb is expectcil to be par tlcuiarl} interesting The Lund Vppc-al Court will commence ita next sit inga at Chancery square (Instead of at Darlinghurst, as previously announced) this morning We have been requested to draw attention to an ad vcrtiscmont in another column In regard to the aale of the business of Messrs flail and Warden manufac turors and importers of motor cars etc, of Melbourne, to take place in Melbourne on Thnradiy, December 20 Nominations arc invited hy the executive of, the I Political Labour Teague for position of Labour can illdate for the Dlayney electorate TO-DAY. Sydney Cricket Ground Queensland v New South Wales, noon Women's Patriotic Club, i O'connell street, Addrcu by Mr Bruce Smith 4 80 p m North Sidney Peoples Reform League Masonic Hall, Walker itrect, 8 p ni. Pitt street Congregational Church Concert, 8pm Rosebery Park Pnces First "vent 2 15 p m Her Majesty's 'theatre "la Tosca," 8 pm Theatre Royal ' Tile Cotton King," 8pm Criterion Theatre ' Die Midnight Wedding," 8 p ni L-cciim Theatre 1-dit.on'a Pictures, Bpm Tivoli Tlicatie Vaudoiilli, 8 p m Claj s Vaudeulli) Company Standard Theatre, p in Bohemi in Dramatic Company 11 ly stree! 8pm The Atheneum Vaudeville, 8 pm Wonderland Cit>, Pondi I! la 11 pin Zoological Gardens 10 a in Manly Pavilion Vaudev lllc, 8 |i ni Alhambra Moving Pictures, 8 p ni Manly London Poster hing, 7 JO p in 1 lectrie Biograph Cam an Theatre, Burwood, S i m Living Pictures St George s Hall, Newtown, 8 p ni Printed on fine art paper, beautifully Illus- trated by the loading artists of the Common- wealth, und containing many admirably writ- ten stories and a strong budget of capital poems, the "Sydney Mall" Annual, now on sale at all news agents, will make a most accept- able gift to friends nbroad Frlee, la Post- age within the Commonwealth aud New _.*. tarni, Xi; -teead, «i_,-A_rt. 