Brevities I Look out for Skillon & Co's ? new advertisomeut next issue. A few additional points of rain since last issue. Dr Liddoll had a very successful meeting at Clareuoo Town last weok Execution of young Brown has boen flxod for December 11th. - ' ? Mr H. - James, ? the woll-kuown butcher of : Maitland, has joined -tho great majority. ..' Mr J. W. Flotcher, P.M., who has been filling Mr Atkin's place ' during the holiday trip, is now rolieving Mr Sharpe, P.M., oil duty through illness, in the Maitland district. : : Messrs A. Niland, J. J. Kearney, A. E. Ayerst, A'. E. Weakley, W. Gillon. and j. Hector are the elected couucil Iors for Kurri Kurri Shire. Mr Ashton is giving notice of motion in the A.ssembly that it is ex pedient to bring in' a bill givmg the right of conversion of .homestead selec tions and settlement leases into con ditional purchases and conditional leases. ' . J. Stinson, A. Pearett, H. Gollan, H, McKinnon, J. Abbott, junr,, and W. Fotheringham have -been elected for Manning Shire. Mr. Ashton, Minister for Lands, replying to Mr Bennett, said no aotion in regard to the throwing open of forest reserves had been taken on the reports of local boards in the northern distriot It was expeoted that some reports would be received from the New England Land Board next i month, and they would be duly con sidered. . ' EP. CAPPER & SONS, Ltd., W.My Advertising Writing Pad, 100 ruled sheets 5d eaoh. The ' Gazette ' : notifies that A. Carlton is appealing in the Land Ap . peal Court at Darliughurst on 10th December, against the recommenda tion of the Local Land Board in re spect of his after-auotion ? tender for improvement lease of portion 56 of 3,414 acres, p Horton,.o Gloucester. Available'for additional conditional purchase or conditional lease on 6th December, about 50 acres, p. Mackay, o Macquarie, land distriot of Taree, . at £1 per acre, and an area of about 13,720 acres p Oorrabare, o Northum berland 'land distriot Maitland, at 10a per acre. There was a heavy fall- of rain about 6 miles out from Glouooster on Mon day of last week, 2 J inches falling in 5 minutes. The creeks were running over in less than 10 minutes, and a reoently fllled-in culvert was washed away. Electioneering matters livening up at the other end of the electorate, Messrs Cook, Gardiner, Charlton, and Hughes being among the speakers.' Galvanised iron, sheet Lead, Guttering, Wire. Nails, Doors, Sashes, -Mouldings. — CAPPER & SONS, Ltd., Maitland. : At the Sydney munioipal eleotions on Saturday Aldermen, Griflin and Henley were defeated while Norton did not Btand. The three new men are E. W. O'Sullivan who headed the poll for his ward, Cooks, and Ward. The Minister for Agriculture (Mr Moore) has reoeived the following cablegram, dated November 29, from the Agent General in London ' Butter market very sluggish. Prices have.declined 4s. New South Wales finest salted 106s, unsalted 108s, oc casionally 110a. Danish declined 8s 63, price in London being 115s, 117s.' The British South Africa Company has offered General. Booth a million acres in Rhodesia for the purpose of a colony for immigrants sent out by the Salvation Army. . It is stipulated, however, that the land is to be given up if the soheme proves a failure. During last week's sales the new system of selling butter wholesale at per hundredweightinstead of per pound was introduced, the standard rate of 94s being fixed,. This works out at something over 10d per lb., but the prices realised at Thursday's sales dropped to 92s per owt., or between 9Jd and lOd per pound. HOUSES Furnished Throughout' Show Room open inspection.— CAPPER & SONS, Ltd , Maitland. The knowing-ones are asking what is Bookmaker Oxenham's game in starting auotiqneerjng. Tljey think Oxy has something up his sleove. Premier Bent says the Licensing and Gambling Suppression Bills must 00 passea or me uovernnjent would go out of office. In the Canterbury Park raoes on Satarday Clover won the Park Stakes, Grafton Lass the Canterbury Handi cap, with Red Flag second qnd Grafton Lad, third. Mr A8htou has moved that the Houpa approve of the purchase of 62,122 acres of private land known as Gobbagombalin, in the Wagga district at the price at which the estate was offered to the Crown by the owners, viz. £208,840. The Land Board valuation was £3 16s per acre. . During Its six years' existence the Bay mond Terrace factory bas manufactured 1451 tons of batter, whioh realised ^131,^21 J.9a Constable MoCrao, Clarence Town, on holiday, paid a visit to Cessnoob, where he was formerly stationed, last week. Seyeral farms wore sold in the -Singleton district on Saturday last, Ono of 127| aoroa realised £18 per aore, 239} aores ditto, ?2 1 and 25 acres £17 per .aoro. Allynbrnok oHoketors defeated Upper Allyn by 6 wlolceta. The victors scored Bi (J. Scobie 18) and 125 for 4 wiakets (J. Scoble not out G8, T. Leake not out 23, A. Kenny 15). . The losers made 61 JW. Leako 18) and 127 (A. 0. Lawrie 63, A. Hopson 28. BOWEL COMPLAINT IN CHILDBEN. During the summer months children Bra gubjoot to disorders of the bowels, and should reaiiye the j^oat careful attention. As Boon as any looseuens of the bowels is notioed Chambetlain's'Collo, Cholni'a, anil 'Diarrhoea Bemedy should be given, ' Get H bottle to day) it may 'sivo a life; For sale by M. A. Park; Dungog, and 0. it A. Ciruejl, 6p6-ilif 