THE HON. J. HUGHES, M.L.O. WHAT HE SAW IN PARIS HOW N.S.W. IS ADVERTISED IN , LONDON "THE BEST THING WE HAVE "DONE" "I went away -for a i rest, and I'.ve had a rest," -said the Hon. John- Hughes,. M.L.C., who, ' with Mrs.: Hughes, returned; to Sydney, by 'the R.M.S. Aorangl from 'al- trip abroad yesterday.' He- looked .well, arid said, this voyage had done him a deal of good. . VI' ve been' seven .riibnths avyay. to the day,'.'- .said- he : to,.a ' "Star" reporter' on' board ..tlw vessel, -'Ihavlng visited Naples, Rome; Flor-. erice, Paris,. London, and all the' big Ameri can cities. What did I see during my trip? Well,- 1 was In Paris on May Day, when the great revolution was expected. Sixty thou sand troops were poured Into the city,- all the shops were closed, and railway stations were thronged with people, mostly, visitors, fleeing from the city. We preferred to stay aiid see it out, but ws could hardly, find 20 people in the afreets as we strolled about. Troops —foot and horse — were stationed, everywhere throughout the city, -wherever the socialists were expected to congregate, but there was not oven the semblance of a row, much loss a revolution. , It was truly Paris In a bhib funk.' You see,- the , elections were to take place the next week, and tho scare, it' Is .thought, was simply an»electlon ruse.' "I visited London afterwards." continued Mr. Hughes/ "and was there a month. The place Is full of Australians. I hardly went down one street without meeting someone fiom the Antipodes. Oh, yes, I visited the Agent-General's oflice several times, and had a chat with. Mr. Coghlan. The- office is now situated right in the centre of the busy per-, tion of. the city, having- been removed from Westminster to Cannon-street; Why, you can tell It a long .way up the streqt by the crowd around the window. " People congro- gate their all day viewing the big display of Australian products. I can toll you It Is the best thing New South Wales has done. They had -the carcase of a fine merino ram on show in the window, and this created no end of Interest. In fact, I believe an offer was made to purchase it for the Royal Agricul tural . Show at Derby. "Mr. Coghlan, I can assure you, is a real live man. They have a .fine window, and during the Chicago meat scare, which, by the way; occurred whilst I was in London, tho window was dressed with Australian tin ned meats, and I believe there were a great many Inquiries." ; Continuing, Mr. Hughes went on. to say that the sale. of bleached American beef as Australian meat at Id a pound less than the real article, had done a great deal of harm,- but steps were being taken 'when he left to prevept the practice. "I think," said he, "our .Government should take the course the Danish people have In dealing with lm- postprs ' in this direction. They .prosecute anyone found selling Imitations of Danish products, and this has a surprising effeot the Impostors. . "On my way home," went on Mr. Hughes, "I . came across America, travelling through out by the Canadian- Pacific route. The C.P. railway has its own fine steamers, and hotels, everything, In fact, and Is a great concern." "Immigrants are simply . pouring into Ca nada, and the towns are going ahead at a tremendous rate. It is just wonderful what immigration Is doing for . the country, and from my observations I am sure the policy wouid be a good one for Australia. Cana da. Is going ahead by leaps and bounds with the new blood she Is getting there, and there Is no doubt but that Australia would do the same. The harvest season was ovbr, of course, as I passed through the wheat dls- ... trlcts. I saw though that they had eleva tors at every ' station along the railway,' al though It is said that this' Is not altogether a good thing for the farmers, who have to"- sell their grain at the railway." 1 Mr. Hughes had quite a crowd of relatives and friends to welcome him home, and In re sponse to numerous Inquiries about the voy age said, "I enjoyed myself thoroughly. The Aorangl is a Aplondid ship." 