C r u m b s . Bowls. Cycling. t- "Caulfield races. District cricket. Buried, in a well.' QycKng carnival opens. Victorian Bush Fires Fund. [Another tragedy of the bush. Bush fires still raging in Victoria. Australasian champions on the wheel. Lord Masbam is dead, at the age of 91. . Semi-jubilee of the Christian Endeavour movement. Adelaide Choral Society will resume its Rehearsals next Monday. A tale of progress and prosperity from the Yorke's Peninsula mines. I The Duke of Devonshire proposes to form ft £hird -jiartv in the House of Lords. Tasmania^ lias set a worthy example to the State in its tourist association. Mr Thomas Evan, a contractor, was fcuried alive in a well at East Fremantle. Dr Thomas consecrated Bishop of Adelaide" m St. Paul's Cathedral, London, yesterday. New Mexico has a great desert 30 miles long and 10 miles wide of glistening white gypsum. . Upwards of 50 per cent, of the people emigrating from the United Kingdom go to Canada. / Why is a pig in a parlour like a house on fire?—-Because the sooner it is put out the better. , " . The first of the three Adelaide Wheel 35ace meetings will be held on the Adelaide Oval this afternoon. Chinese of Port Darwin not at all satisfied with the regulations under the Amend- . el Immigration Restriction Act. '"• Prefect of Moscow forbidden the distribution of placards containing the electoral progi^mmes of -the proposed. Duma. Leading articles in The Register:— "Royalty in India." "Willpower and Long Life," "What Will Mr. Deokin Do?" , A mass of rock salt under the province tof Galicia, Hungary, is knora to be 550 miles long by 20 broad, and 20 ft. thick. Professor Tucker will represent the trustees- of; the British Museum at the jubilee teldwations of the Melbourne University.. gjie—"Did vou ever 'hold a hand that yoti would like to hold better than mine? He—-"Only once, darling; then I went nao!" A^nnal continental of the South Australian Caledonian Society/will take place at the Exhibition Continental Gardens on . EebruSiy 10. . . , • ' ^There were nine mcdsed wounds on tne body of Mrs. Gregory, lor whose murder the lSyear-oldlwy Thomas John Quinlan is in custody. . "This age demands men who have con- •sictioiis,'' -shouted an impassipned-orator. "Where shall we find them?" 'In prison!" came from the gallery. • A number of officers in the British Army in lie United Kingdom and in the. Indian Army will ariaually .proceed to Japan to study the Japanese language. : James—"My lord, the -carnage waits . sritbout" My Lord—"Without what, ijames?"* James—"Without any osses, My lord./. It is the motor car!" Our Port - Darwin correspondent telegraphs that the rains still hold ofi in a remarkable way, and- the coastal cotfntry is threatened with a drought. The French Senate on Thursday unamjnously adopted a motion .paying a high tribute to the memory of the late King Christian, and expressing condolence with . the Danish Royal Family in its bereave ~ A sensation has been caused in the WOTH \- bf art by the announcement that 20 of Toraeris masterpieces have been discovered iiremarkalile dmimstances, and -an fesset valued at £250,000 hereby added-to the nation. 2few8 items from Queensland:—Over a In of rain mastered at^Thargomiridah ana 3 in at Eulo. Stock routes are open to Broken Hill and Adelaide. Bulloo Rwer in floodi and all mailcoach services are 'disorganized. Jn r test of submarine signalling con- ' "ducted on the vessel Lucania. in England, lecently, a signal bell on a Ughtsbip at the mcuth of the Mersey was heaxd at , a distance of 9J knots. The vessel was under full steam at the time.. Mr Andrew Black, the famous English ^jasso, is about to visit Australia under en-„ Ragement to Mr. J. Nevin Tait. Mr. Black is a great oratorio singer, appealing at all the leading festivals, and is a famous exponent of Scottish songs. On Friday afternoon the members of the Head Masters' Association waited aroon the Director of Education (Air. A. Williams) for the purpose of congratulating him upon his elevation to the position of official head of the Education Department. "The Claims of Long Descent."—A cer- • i 1 tain lady was fond of boasting of her anjfistiy. "Oh, yes," she would say proudly, "roe can trace our ancestry back to—to— Ivdli I don't know to whom;'but we have . .been for centuries!" "Where do the honey bees get tfcje wax from which the honeycomb is made?" asks ' a correspondent. The body of the working bee exudes an oily substance which gathers on the ring plates of the abdomen. This is the basis of the wax material. Mr Preston (Canadian Commissioner of Emigration) says that he welcomes the Commonwealth into the field of emigration, and hopes soon to see ah Imperial Emigration-"Department created which mil handle the problem'in the interests of the whole Empire. All our contemporaries are saying nice things about our latest issue. Among them The Pelican writes:—"The Christmas -number of Science Siftings is quite aliuJby -volume, and is full of good stones and illu^ trations. The editor is to be congratulated upon an excellent issue." It is reported that a prospector has discovered in California a deposit of ore, apparently of volcanic origin, which contains uranium. Among the constituents of the taaterial are said to be uraOite, carnotite, and pitchblende, all of which contain salts of uranium rich in radium. ;-Dr. Luff, a sjxrcialist on rheumatism and gout, savs:—"It has become of late years a fashionable craze to attribute many forms of 'chronic rheumatism' to uric acid. L'nc acid is a harmless by-product of the human •economy which has" been most shamefully exploited as a dangerous poison." The Chinese of Port Darwin propose to seek the assistance of the South Australian Government in testing one or more of the following cases, viz.:—The right of an Australian-horn Chinese, or a naturalized Chinese, or a Chinese holder of State exemption papers, to re-enter the State. A. writer iu The British Medical Journal / recommends sufferers from corns to apply a pencil-shaped piece of potassa fusa cum calcc to the corn, which will speedily reduce'it. The causticc is not to be wet. andi the foot should be poulticed the same night. A second application is rarely necessary. It is allied that -the Turner pictures were, as "unfinished works in oil." concealed at the instance of the late Mr. John Buskin, when the so-called "finished work9 in oil"'were hung in the Turner Gallery of the national collection. The newlv found pictures will shortly be exhibited at the National Gallery. 