Yesterday's Cables. December (i. The Australian Agents-General arc ar ranging for a special Australian wine bar at the Franco-British ExMWition, also an ?extensive refriecratine disnlav. Wood has been committed for trial for the Camduntown murder. Mr. Horsburgh and an assistant sail in the Oratava to collect Now ; Guinea fauna in connection with tin; Zoological Soci ety's exhibition of Australian fauna in June next. 'The Society, through Cap tain Collins, requests the Commonwealth to afford them facilities. Prince Buelow's expropriation propos als for Poland arc experiencing strong opposition in the Prussian Diet. Owing to a large reflux of Italian emi gration from the United States, in con sequence of the financial crisis, it is ex pected that there will be 300,000 extra unemployed in Italy during the coming ?winter.. The Council of Emigration at Rome propose emigration to West Aus tralia. The Great Northern and Great Central railway stocks have improved to the ex tent of £2,000,000 in a week. The floor of a Manchester boxing club collapsed, precipitating two hundred per sons into a warehouse below. Twenty were- injured. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, speaking at a great political demonstration at Ottawa, con demned British Columbia's mistaken pre judice towards Oriental emigration, and declared while he exercised power, ho would never do- anything to endanger the British-Japanese alliance. December 6. Butter is 'quiet and slightly easier. Choicest Australian salted and unsalted, 111/- to 116/- per cwt. New Zealand, 118/-. Danish unchanged. The wheat markets are inactive with a ?declining tendency. Owing to the ab sence of speculating buyers and dear money cargoes are being neglected. Flour is quiet, Australian scarce ati 30/- to 30/6. The War Office is inviting tenders by the 28th February for 499,65Qlb. of ' tin nod beef, delivery to be completed by 15th June. King Oscar of Sweden is ill, and, the Crown Prince has been appointed regent. The Admiralty is constructing forth-, with a naval basin at Rosyth, Scotland, with an area of 56 acres, 36ft. dcop at all tides, and quay space for 22 warships, or 44 blanked two abiroast, with a lock, always accessible to the largest war ships, giving access to the basin. The construction- of a graving dock is also to bo undertaken. A convention of Californian fruits grow ers at Marysville unanimously recom mended the repeal of the Chinese Exclus ion Act, urging congress to admita fig;. ese under the same conditions as apply to European immigrants. The memorial de clares the industries arc threatened with extinction and that there is no evidence that the States in the west suffered from the presence of Chinese prior to tho ex clusion. The Supreme Court -of New York state has decided that Sunday amusements, theatres, and concerts aro illegal. Owing to a- crisis in the Portuguese wine trade, vine planting has been pro hibited for three years. ? „ After two Austrian monitors had been sent to Dulcigno and Antivarin in Hun gary, Montenegro's apology for. viola ting delimitation territory, in sending infantry to effect an arrest in connection with the recent plot, was accepted. The Belgian delegates report that. pri- vate capital is invested in Congo State to the amount of £6,800,000, and the general trade is worth 4* millions. The colony's assets are valued at £4,800,000, and the liabilities. amount to £4,500,000. 