ITEMS OF NEWS. The Star Yaudcvillc Company will give the second of the scries of Winter Pops in the Theatre Royal on Wednesday evening next, when several new performers will appear,- includ ing the famous Samuels Sisters and Dalbeaue the Great, the latter being a late importation from ; England, whose "turn " is said to be one of the best yet seen on the variety stage. Mr H. S. W. Lawsou, M.L.A., has arranged with the Mimster of Public Works to receive a deputation from the Chewtou Borough Council in. reference to a grant- for bridges on Wednesday afternoon next, after the Main Roads deputation has interviewed the Minister. On Saturday the Hon. A. Hicks and Mr D. 1>. Lazarus, who are candidates for the Bendigo Province at the election on June 1st, were In Castlemaine interviewing the electors. So far as this portion of the Province is concerned the votiug promises to be very even. The friends of Miss Collius of the Town Hall Hotel, will regret to hear of the death of her father, which took place on Saturday morn ill", the deceased being 76 years of age and the cause of death being dropsy. The remains will be in- t erred at Bendigo this morning. The death took place at Maryborough on Saturday of Mrs Houora Costelloe, a very old resident of Castlemaine. The deceased lady was at one time licensee of the Supreme Court Hotel and latterly of the Central Club Hotel. The re mains will be brought to Castlemaine by the 12.20 train to-day and will be interred in the Campbell's Creek Cemetery. The Secretary of the Hospital desires to thankfully acknowledge donations of fruit from Chinese Methodist Mission, also from Mrs Gill- fillan, Mrs Gaulton and two anonymous friends. Frenzied with fear are many who develop lung trouble. Dr. Sheldon's New Discovery for Coughs, Colds, lind Consumption will rmre them Price Is 6d and 3s. For sale everywhere. G. Clark auy Son, Wholesale Distributors. The Foundry Band gave a very enjoyable con cert in Market Square on Saturday night, their ' playing being much appreciat ed by the public. The Country Fire Brigades' Board have de" cided to instal three telephonic fire alarms, to be located at North Castlemaine, Wesley Hill and Winter s Flat. The following entries have beeu received up to date for the Go-As-You Please Race from Castlemaine to Golden Point. The entries close at Crawford's Corner hotel at 2 p.m. on Wednesday, the 1st May. All proceeds are in aid of the Castlemaine Hospital. — The Mayor (T. Odgers), E. J. Bayley, H. Stone, A. Endall, J. Endall, J. Till, E. Bears, A. Holden, J. Collius, D. Rees, J. Rathjen, Q. Crawford. Brought to Bay are those enemies of civi lisation, Indigestion and Dyspepsia, when Dr Sheldon's Digestive Tahules are employe ; 2s 6d per tin. For sale everywhere. G. Clark and Son, Wholesale Distributors. The Postal officials do not accept any respon sibility for the failure of the lighthousekeepers at Queenscliff and Cape Otway to signal the passing of the steamer Moravian. It appears that some arrangement exists, under which Cape Otway and other headlands are advised by the Telegrapli Department of the movements of vessels, in order that they might know when to expect them. The statement of the Cape Otway lightkousekeepcr that he had not been advised regarding the Moravian is explained by the statement of the telegraph officials that the vessel had not previously touched at an Aus tralian port. Therefore, it was impossible to notify her whereabouts to the lighthousekeeper. In order to definitely ascertain what the ar rangement is between the telegraph branch and the State Ports and Harbors Department, Mr R. T. Scott, Secretary to the Central Postal Administration, lias called for a report. The Marine Board decided on Friday after noon to refer the matter of the grounding of the steamer Easby to the Court of Marine In quiry, for formal investigation. The Board further resolved that complaints should be pre ferred agaiust- the master (Captain William Wallace), aud the second officer (Mr Thomas Masters). Uon't Wait Till To-morrow. — It's little colds that crow into big colds that end in consump tion and death. Don t wait till to-morrnw to cure the little cold, for one dose of Dr. Shel don's New Discovery for Coughs, Colds, con- -umptiou will break up a cold if taken a the beginning. Dr. Sheldon's New Discovery is a safe and never failing remedv. Price Is fid and 3s. For Sale everywhere. G. Clark and Son, Wholesale Distributors. A protest from a representative Hebrew citizen has reached the Acting Premier against the Legislative Council elections being held on a Saturday, that day being the Jewish Sabbath. Mr Davies replied that he was sorry that he could not take any steps to bring about- an alteration in connection with the forthcoming general elections, as the Constitution Act, 1903, fixed the 1st of June, which fell on a Saturday this year. Election day would also in future fall on a Saturday, unless the Act were amended as members' tenure of office was six years. When the Act was passed he further explained, no question was raised by the Jewish members who were then in the House. In mentioning the matter to the press, Mr Davies said that if the Jewish community felt very strongly on the subject he would consider the advisability of introducing, or countenacing the introduction of, a small Amending Bill. We do not imagine that auy one who has lived in Australasia will care to dispute the statement that men of Scandinavian descent are desirable immigrants. The " hardy Norseman" has generally become welcome wherever he goes, and he doubtless is so in Australia, where those who have settled amougst us have generally eviuced the qualities essential to good and use ful citizenship. Worthy of notice, therefore, is a work by Jens Lyng, Lieutenant in the Danish army, and late editor of the Scandina vian journal " Norder," a paper whose offices are at 227 King street, Melbourne, entitled "The Scandinavians in Australia." It is pre faced by "A Review of Scandinavian His tory," from the pen of O. H. Neisou, D.Ph., America, which will, doubtless, be read with interest by some of the twenty odd thousand people of Northern descent who have cast their lot amongst us throughout Australasia. Gener ally Lieutenant Lyng has evidently devoted great attention to his work, and the result is a booklet full of the most instructive informa tion. Dr Sheldon's New Discovfry for Coughs, Colds and Consumption is a preparation that can be relied upon to cure all lung troubles. It has proved a blessing m thousands of homes, and has bem energeticallv endorsed by mauy of the most prominent citizens and professional men in Australia. Dr Sheldon's New Discovery is not a patent melicine, or an ordinary cough mixture, but a scientific discovery that will mak sore lungs well. Jb or sale everywhere. G. Clark and Son Wholesale Distributors. 