Crumbs. U Trroli. "Parsifal." Ada "Ward. Rain coming. Lanib-or mutton? Strike in Argentina. Atoother rise in flour. "Gentlemen—the King!" Keith Kennedy, violinist. Tittell Brune in "Parsifal/' Roosevelt down on the trusts. One Kmg, one flag, one nasy. One more box in Flinders to be examined. Callington school building is over a copper mine. Premiers' Conference opened in Brisbane yesterday. A federation such as the world has never before known. That Nihilist was nearly blown -up with his own bomb. The Paris bomb went off too soon—for the bomb maker. Finals of Flinders election in our columns to-morrow. Rose worthy egglaying scores published in another column. Mr. Justice Barton confronted with all sorts of knotty points. "The Squaw Man" will claim your theatrical attention to-morrow. Did yon read how the "tote aeent" bolted from the Morgan races? The musical Kennedy Family afc tbe Town Hall to-morrow evening. What is going to happen in connection with the English mail contract? Land to be acquired to make an entrance to Norwood Oval from tie Parade. Shouldn't we say, instead of tbe Fa East, the Near East to the Commonwealth.? Sir John Forrest has received -a cable message from Mr. Deakin relating to the mail contract. Leading articles in The Register—"Ral> bit Killing Esperimoits" and "Alleged Slavery in Fiji." Yesterday -the price of-fkrar locally 1 -was raised 10/ per ton. We may soon have to pay more for our loaf. Primitive Methodists held n bie camp meeting on Sunday on -tie-top of Mowcop. Sixty thousand present. Pirie Street Methodist Church again filled on Monday evening in connection with Miss Ada Ward's revival mision. Swine fever in a serious form in the Wingham district of New South Wales. One owner has destroyed over 200 pigs. Germany wants to bsat the world. Now announced that she is constructing torpedoes larger than those of any other-nation. Tarcoola votes—77—will be counted tonight, and it is expected that these will put Mr. Warren still further ahead of Mr. Foster. Two hundred and fifty men. of Glasgow who went to Canada to work on the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway are now stranded. No wort. Norwood Town Council unanimously supports its Mayor's tramway route proposals, and will ask the other suburban corporations to co- operate. Three ladv members of Coverdale's Gaiety Company, while walkins in Sturt street, Ballarat, late on Sudnay evening, were molested by rough*. The Steamer Vermont has just cleared from Port Pirie and Wallaroo wfth a large eorrasmraeiit of Soath Australian gram for Hongkong and Yokohama. For some vears all fruit brought by sea. has undergone a systematic inspection at Port Adelaide by the Fruit Expert (Mr. G. Quinn) or his as^stants. Mr. Quinn. the Inspector of Fruit and Horticultural Instructor, has forwarded an interesting report to the Minister of Agriculture iroon his recent visit to New Zear land. Petroff. a Nihilist, has been admitted to a Paris Hospital. Said to be suffering from the effects of a bomb which he was making for the sudden disappearance o£ Grand Dukes. . The peasant and other members of the Duma are dissatisfied with the Premiers agrarian pclicv. and it is feared that the situation may lead to tbe dissohitoomof the Duma. ^ Stated that nearly 2.000 of the workmen retrenched from the Woolwich Arsenal have proceeded to Germany under engagement to work in the naval construction yards tfliere. A German Anarchist has been expelled from Denmark. It is said that he intended o make an attempt upon the lives of foeign sovereigns visiting the Danish Conrt n the summer. .... The Mayor of Norwood considers that he arguments used by the Tramways Trust n support of the tramline along North terace to Thebarton were weak, unbusinessike, and selfish. The colonial Premiers in England receivd during their visit communications _ emodying resolutions in favour of intermuerial -referential trade from 766 diffeent sources in the United Kingdom. Mr. J. M. Reid. during his visit to New ealand, could not imagine why people here should regard fruit as a luxury. "Why, in South Australia," he. remarked, "we regard it as an item of daily food." An analysis of the Commonwealth Elecoral Acts at the Court of Disputed Reurns yesterday revealed drafting sloppy in the extreme, and Mr. Justice Barton is onfronted with all sorts of knotty points. Mr. Quinn says that New Zealand, is badly supplied with fruit, and the prices at which it is retailed, if they do not practically place it ainong the luxuries for the rich, certainly remove it. says Mr. Quinn, beyond the means of the working classes as an article of everyday food. At the. Premiers' Conference yesterday it was agreed that where one State was bringing out immigrants and had paid money towards their passages, and these immigrants left the ship before reaching their destination, the State that received them should use its best endeavours to collect from them the money spent on their account by other States. The 'Earl of Meath sends a message to all boys and girls and their parents and teachers, urging them to try to realize that the British Empire consists of a majestic community of free nations, freely governing themselves, owing its existence to the vast sacrifice, enterprise, and valour of their forefathers; bound together by the possession of one King, one flag, and one navy, and forming a federation such as the. world has never before known. 