AUSTRALIA'S GREATEST NEED. EMIGRATION FROM THE OL1- WOULD. *^1R. OOGTILAX'S ADVICE. _ y 'K- valuable report concerning the scope for 'emigration from Europe to Australia ?has just been made by tlie New South Wales Asent-Ocncrat (Mr. T. A. Cojdilan). In it he says:— 'The question or the emi j3^ilion from Europe has been the theme of jnuch discussion, anil many persona have offered thero&elves; as agents for the purpose of obtaining .settlers for Australia, espccial Jy from Germany and the Scandinavian countries. Towards the close of last year 1 niaiie a visit to Germany with the object -if closely looking into this matter, and v.lnii tln'n- had the advanta-ie of personally -li-i u.-siiiR the positidn with certain eminent iiuiiicritiiN, and oi learning the opinions of H'vcral j,'i'ntlemen largely interested in ship ping, vho would lie disposed to further tl»c 3,[t-a of cmiftration to Australia -Iionlil any practiral proposal be propounded. Durintr liisi. yi-ar over 375.000 emigrants sailed out oi I'.remen for 2Cew York, and of these L'O.'j'H) only were Germans from Germany, ill Hie l-emuindersomemfe Germans from liua.sia. Lilt the creator numb-ir were not of German nationality, but Itu.-sian*. Czechs, P.ile.«, Lithuanians, and other Slav-, or Miii jc-ts.of the Austrian Empire. Nearly the .whole of the Germans who emigrated left their -fatherland to 'join relatives or friends in the United States who lj:ul scut for and assisted tliem in the iiaymt-nt nf their faro. _\:oiie were recruits obtained liv 'ii emigra tion propaganda, ami all anlhurititat ap-en that it.i-.practi«dly impos-ilile for AtfeUa lia or any country 'I' induce emigration .from Germany. There are two causes ope rating against emigration, either ot which wuuld. be suiiicient to keep Germans at Jiume. These are the conditions of labour ?in Gennany -and the attitude of the Impe rial Cernuuu-Govwnnierit towards emigra tion. ? - - 1 —Obstacles in the I'.illi.— ' 'Ciermany is, -:ind .has liccn for the last ].' -e;ix.-i in a state of {treat economic acti vity. Within that period factories have *.pruii'.;-up on every side: indeed, to an ob H.Ticr the most surpri-inj fact in German industrial life is tlw newness and numlier of the far torie*— -labour- «f nl! i:inds is in de jnand, und most of all, agricultural labour. Jv- sc.ine.are agricultural labourers that jiot onlv is women's work almost universal, tmt so soon as a child ran use * r.tke or it 'ioc he or she is sent to the fields, to labour. iWJicn I tt.is in Germany the harvest was ]n full swin^. and ,i quarter of a million labourers, had bit'ii im|-oiied. mainly from Ulunyary. but aLso from Poland and Russia, to galherin the crops. Even with this sup Vlv there were labour ilillii iillics, and sur prising as it wouJd seem, the agricultural ? inpers -\vcr-* recently furiously discussing the question of importing indentuied coolies ?irom China. Xotwitlttandini; the scarcity «if home laliour, the laming* of a German farm labourer- are small, the usual weekly wage of a farmhand in the fertile districts of mid Germany hcim; e(|iial to 15/0, with init j;c-cp. and it ].-. certain that a fair nuni Tier rould be induced to cniiifrnte were it I'nssible to jilaee before them the advan liigcs of Australia. I Jut this cannot be viiri'c tly done, and very possibly it would ..1k_- considered by the German Government r:i-: an unfriendly act if it were attempted. J'he lawjvagainst.emij.Tation propaganda in Germ:iny are severe and very ftnctly en forced. Tlie German Government is deter mined to retain its people in its own terri tory, and tlie law forbids, under severe ?penalties, any one directly or indirectly pcr suading, or attempting to persuade, any Tierman Mibjcct to leave the country. The law noes still further. ;ind a shipping com pany is forbidden to contract with any 'j'oreijn Government for the transportation of Germans, or to receive from any source ?whatever money in pannent for the fare of any emigrant, nor is if lawful to advance Jiunicy to any person fur the purpose o£ I'li.iblins him to emigrate. The Imperial ( 'lum-ellor's consent in each individual case is necessary liofore any of the acts just enu merated can he lawfully performed. That the provL«ions of the law are rigidly enforc ed may be gathered from die circumstances Jitteuditg tlie recent imprisonment of a Ger man subject, living in Munich, und reprc j-enti;ifi an Argentine land company. In ? ertain speeches which this man delivered 3te had referred to the attractive conditions \--i the Argentine, and .-us he had received, ior some service rendered, a. triflins; pay ment from the Nord-DcuLscher Lloyd Com jiany. which tr.ules with Buenos Ayrcs, it was inferred that lie was carrying on. an ?emigration propaganda, and he was dealt .jvith accordingly. i — A A asfc luilcrprise.— _ 'The police liavevery strict instructions xn put down infractions of the law, and the ordinary advertisements of a steamBhip ?compiinyvoiotifying dates and rates/Of pas sapes to Australia and America, were re cently called in question, by them as incit ing to emigration. Indeed, .so far is this ?jiolicy carried that this papers wliich receive Mibsidie.s from the Government are com pelled to l-efase shipping advertisements .-wlueh do not satisfy the police rj; to their Wonling. In ignorance of the law several colonization agencies have from time to time been established, but .-my attempts «n tlKir part, at prop;icamla work came to a Mieedy end. Canada still maintains an oilice at nrerocn, but docs not attempt to obtain lmnu'srants from Germany; the otlue senes the imrjtosu ot a convenient ipmnt oi administration, as liremen is a place of embarkation for tlie Central Euro pe;m people, who come in large numbers to take ship for Aims-ican ports. The only Germans who could \\-c reached bv an cmi isration propaganda, are those living in Hug Ma Ihrre are mor«- than 3.50.000 iiersons of t.cmian descent settled in the Ural re gions; r.rany of tln-se arc wishful to emi ?^rate. and no objection would be raised by tlie Jiiis-ian Govemment if agunts were sent among them, but any emigr.ints ol- tama irotn the Lral would have to be tiroiKht to Uilu..sa, carried to some Jfeditcr ranean port, and there transhipped to a vcs.-cl eoiiiz to Australia. This course could only i« ukenas ^rt of n vast cmi(jr,ition wJitmi: ,|iutc beyond the intention of the Australian dovernmeuts. or bevond their rapacity to earn- out. Even the coloniza ?lion a-enues c-mpJovcd bv the Canadian Go vernment have never attempted so exten sive an enterprise. -PJ^Id L.w.— '?C'ormany does not stand alone in its dis rnunlcnam-c of the emigration of iu nation ..n: hi most of the Kuropcan countries from whu-li rniigrant* are desired dmilar restric tions exist, hi Switzerland very strict laws arc now in torce in regard to emigration jiropagamla. ^o one is pennittcd to rstab Jish an cmiiration nzpney without the es irc-s saiution o[ t|le Government, which i^ o:,en rcniso,! As an example of the ► net m cn.rcUt.on v»t »pw the law. the wilter oi an artielo ;1J-out land for sale in 3«b»n«ri. Ln.tcd States, was fined £4 for inciting people to emigrate. Tl.e law pro vdc-. among other thingsr-That full par l S '/ ^..fjf^^n proposals must tie deposited with the Swks Federal Ooun- fij: liecncw_ to carry on emigration work wiU only be iss.wi to persons of pood repute nlni'^\\!;^Vle m?-Tai 'f ''' rWI n''l fjT^ lnmiclIc,: emiemuon !WPnU t t Tbe m the employ of any steamship or rail Hvav- company; the,- m,,,t deposit £1,600 and each subagent €120. -.vith the SwKs \--K,vemmcnt. to be estreated in «re ™£ mises made to emigrants an- not fnStlled Mcnts arc pcrsonaDy responsible for pro! hrthetr^f1' niai'1' llv lh^^v« or U their foreign representatives; copies of ?V°SCs?ondonce with pn''-nints must he ^variable -for^Gorernment infection at an^ -Opportnnitiej: in OuoeaJand.— -Tlie Swiss enugcation is miteh less than it' was fa , years ago, but that Mimcthfoo Tan bo done in the countr-- may he judged from the following letter from ihe O.lcPt CW fany s agent at Zurich:- ' Thtrc arp restriction* aauin^t ai,ivr canru. nns f»r emimtioo. Tlit- Swia Guvernmt-nt .Ic^uot allow anyoww ind,u.« mlr acriral. turat dis. of people ta emicrate Lv oflerinjr Ilv of etnDlonrcnt. but we should aJvi— von lo Tublish weeklr in two of tho mcwS-rrut im\\-Topc« aroour tirmcra the cheapest iu» toa^ to AuftnOu. Tlila wouM be an acellmt :.jvcrti-Jc:nrat iu oddition t.- xhe disttibulicTi ?ot tte poBtras. am! will be tte bess mwiiam tu :iiaii:cc a. larae busnes?. as t-nr tamers «ni «olc br thousuxb cmx rear to all cuiin trirr:, cbicflE to TLS-V. Voa can boot ani \cntcs irom Bade to JVndon at the ^xwcial -no- of £2, Tmt -tfcqy .imaa bc- iccijvvd on their arrival by -roar ixaolc to op rmdod from ihc .'3tii-D.to- lthe'«!tc»iner of the Oricnt-Ecr*l Mail ;'.!iv. this 'brine tbr t)««»iotioa of th« Swi-i» T.;u-. Js thetc no □asgbilltr to traole a^onr .'laThlinz late 'for those anfcruttSrwho.haTC lit »tl-- 'mexns tr»--JisooBp of. You vtf no doubt i*a-ire«-th»t-tlie Tnitei Sales 'f .Vmcrira.- ait i.rrtv £lfr ofsov a^nlt. orJe» if iwo?in.per-- t 'ft«» ttalth.^'Mcct oUSc aniermtswhosnTc ' Jmok for tte United States of Aincrina -or tor Canada bare usually less than £( lett after ttiej- lave paid their pastes nxmey. The agent speaks of thousands as going to the United Stntes. This may lead to an exaggerated idea of tie field of operation, avail/iilc. As an actual fact tlie tot-al emi gration from. Switzerland in 190o was ju.-t over 5.000, and of these 4,.t00 went to the United States. — Emigration Discouraged.— 'In Norway also the Government now dis courages any emigration, projiaganda. Ilie ! country is sparsely scttlea, and the authori ties have initiated, a policy of colonizing 'at home'— that is to eay, of settling the people on their vacant lands. The Norwegian Am bassador in London, Dr. Nansen, ^vxiting on this matter, says:— 'I do not hesitate to Iwiy that any propa^andism in JTorway, | with the object of mensunng emigration, will hot coincide with the wishes of the Go vernment. 1'ublic opinion, as ecpres.-ed tlirong-fi the presc, bis lately gone .strongly in favour o[ reducing emigration.' Fur ther, the law provides that emigration 'agents must (rive security to the Govern ment for .t'10,000. None of the passage money can be advanced to the emigrant to be paid off after his arrival in the foreign , country, and agenU making incoiTect state ments *;i3 to the ailairs of foreign countries are -=evercly punished. The .emigration, from Norway varies greatly with the condi tions of employment; during the list four year.-s it averaged 23.000 per annum; in. the previous four years the average was under D.OOO. The greaf majority of emigrants go to thi: United States, but Mime few go to (,'an.i(Li. In Italy there are stringent Iir.vs regulating emigration, although these Jaws .-.re not rigorously carried out. except in nw»rd to countries to Aviu'cli emigration would be considered objectionable. Italy is a poor country, densely peopled, and emigration is a necessity, afl the population per square mile is about :iQ5, and rapidly increasing. Jlecent emifiriition from Italy has been on a v.i*t s«de; the returns rIiow 750.000 left the. country in ]i»5, and it in believed that an equal number, emigrated ih lflOO. ifany of. these, however, went for the harvest season only, and. returned to Italy in the wintw; indeed, in ordinary years, more than linjf of those who emi gnite return. Of the total iust given, 278.000 went to European countries or 'J'unis, 31C.0OO to -hc United States, 5,900 t-- Canada, and 122,000 to South American countries, chiefly the Argentine and Brazil. — Italian Colonization Soggested. — '?The. Italian Emigration Act forbids nil 'incitement to emigration,' and provides the following penalties: — i-ir. riiunths' imprisonment and a fine not ea oct-ilinsr W0 for any person who shnll taiise or (irumote the ciniemtimi of mur or mnrv iht wim airaiast the laws ami acainst the proliibi tii u if tho Korazn Oiflco in foro- of Aniele 1\. !a*l |iar.iarapli, wliich reads:— Tlie Foreign Ol'iti; after an imditrRlandimr with tlie Home O'lUi! tjn iwvcnt cmieration ttwanls any »pe t.hil r('i':n whenever public order or other Ui.ivu rca»jiu should ueceuitate tlicir iloinir hi. Witli a line up iq jtio to Uie orricr who fhulj intnxjiiec l«rtwifn himself and the tmi uraMt am- mi'idlcnun. who shall not be his nun representative, and with the same Density fnr the carrier or his representative, who hliall y.ir- 'ill as sixinUnreus oniKninta. liavinc Paid their mvn ua«uce. anv partlM wlm shall in -t«»! travel at the expense, total or partial, uf any forciim (Jovemmait or private vnter ?iritp; and in thrv caae of repetition sudi fine slull he increased to £80. On each emigrant from Italy there is im posed .-: tax of S/J; it must therefore be concluded that a certain amount of recruit ing is permitted by the Government. In deed, irom the following extract from a letter of the Italian Ambasiiador in Lon don, it may be gathered that if Italian immigrants ore desired in Australia, they could eventually be obtained: — Accorilinz to the Italian Emigration Act T*o pauamlifm for cmicration is foriiiililen. Tlie MDie law abo forbids the cnlistintr of rmi Ki'ants Tor imdcrtukins* beyond Uip. Hean with out n ypceial autboritition from the Ministry tor Korcicn AITaira, which nuv imnosi- special ennditiona and jruarootuea, If tlu-refore the Ron-rnmcnt of -Tcw South Wales wish ft- pn-- curo lulijTi au-ric-ulturaJ labourcni. tlicv should liTKin liy n.imine the locality in whidi' tlicy ivould he employed, and by cninmunlcalimr a -l^aft of the .?ucrwmcnt that the Government or llrivat'vcmplovers irould enter into with them. I think tlat if join- fjovemment were to en ?iRivnur to orcanizu an ecriculUiral Italian (ol.niKition witli certain asnirancra for the ueltire of the emicnuiU. and to commence the 5.U1.C on a limited experimental scale, the Italian Kmigratinn Conimi*ion would be wil linc to help them within tlie limits laid duwn. bv t!ic Emicration Act. As the result of private enquiries. T feel certain that a very desirable class of Italian agriculturists could be obtained if it were consistent with the policy of the Govern ment to allow of their introduction. If the number in any steamer were restricted to 50, the authorities would not consider the emigration laws nverc being infringed; but in any case it would be necessary to con sult the commission charged with the supervision of emigration. An explanation of the want of. correlation between (he let ter of the law nnd its administration may Ik; found in the habits of the emigrant liimpelf. As already pointed ? out, many emigrants return to their homes after a short star abroad, and the same person jften makes several voyages before finally Kittling down. The Italian emigrant ibroad is a source of revenue to his coun try, and last year it is estimated that over £6,000,000 was remitted to Italy by her lbsent sons. The average farm labourer's wa-re in Italv varies, of course, in the dif ferent districts, but does not average on the whole more than 1/8 per day; m, not withstanding the difficulty of readily re turning to tlieir homes by reason of the distance frnm Australia, it seems likely that the higher wago obtainable would tempt many desirable emigrants to make the venture. —France and Denmark Unfavourable. — 'Little, if anything, could be done as re gards French emigration. The following nre the views of the agent of a preat ship ping companv in Paris, whom I consult ed:— AVe'wonM sav that the law nf military con s-iintitm i; on insurmountable n1#t.irle to tlie. nnij;nitioii of French subjects, except to those wlm ean tJimv by their military pnjicrs that they arff exempt cr liberated fnmi fcervii.e. . We.lrjvc consulted authorities on the emim~ t inn question who onlv eonfinn our own con viction, that success would not attend effort*, however enticinsr tlte offers mieht be, tmordiJ emisTjition amonc tlie French nnieiiltural elates. Inducements are offered in tin's di reeti.in by Canada, where the French Lininiacv U much in use, and the result is practically nil. Knowlwtec nf a forcizn laneiiacp ib a vorr serious difficulty, lmt not the principal one. Frpn^hmen ccnerallv Imve rootpd oliie*' tion to Iravinc their countrv, and wonld much rather put uu with hardshire and difficulties tlian d' so. The Chilian novernment. have an emicratiun nirene.v in Parti for the nurpoRe of reiruitins acTicidturiRtt in France and in Europe crncrally. with tiic result that the French element is estremelv limited, althouch the inducements nf assisted passages, five years' i-onrract?, &c;, are offered. In Denmark the law also deals with emi gration. 1 he following is a summary of the law by the ])anuh .Minister in Lon don:— ' No one shall hold himself out as an cmi(rra tinn a«nt witliout havinir received a special ai'.tlmriuiion to do so. Every person shall be dcrninl to 1« nn cmisratioa accnt who for lii-i our* account or fin- that of another per son undertakes to amncc for the transport of emigrants to lorcicn parts. Xo one shair have lower tn make anv contracts for the purpose of e:fcrtine snch transport with persons dear ire to emigrate, or shall suffer to act as nscnfc for tlie conclusion of any surh contract between mch persons and third parties except an authorixed iijrnt or some Person actinir iimler n power of attorney from him. Thin law sloll not. however, apply to contnets for the direct shipment of passenscra from Danish port', provideil al»'avs that the niimlxr of nas gener* does not exceeil i5. A oower of at torney to act on behalf of an cmiimttion accnt, whether «ncii emieration acent be autlioiinsi ti- contract for direct transport of otherwise, shall only be executed to persons 'of cond character and of full ace. who luye resided pmiunnitlv in this conntry fbr'flve- vears last past. The Minister of Justice shall, however, he. ompowernl to relax ttiis period of resi lience. Witlwut such power of attorney no one «h;dl tout for cmijrrantH or rraWicly offer his scn'iees towards emicration. or reconuuend cinisration aecnts, whether at home or abroad. From enquiries made through shipping companies, I have come to the conclusion that it would be impossible to obtain any large stream of emigrants from Denmark. Farm hands are Incoming scarce, and, as a consequence, receive comparatively good pay. Emigration from Denmark has, how ever, increased slightly in recent years, though it is still under 10.000 a year. The great majority of the emigrants go to the United States. Some - few go to Canada and Xcw Zealand. The last-named colony has several Danish settlement groups, and the emigrants who go there are brought cut by their relatives and friends. — Sweden and Austria-Hungary. — 'The emicration. from Sweden, Wliich was about 13,500 in 1898, rose to about 36.000 in 1903, and during 1906 was prob- ; ably 35,000. As the natural increase of : tlie' country is only 55,000 a year the Go- j voroment Los become alarmed at the loss ; of population, and have taken steps to put j down emigration propaganda. The law for- ; bids any one to advise a Swedish subject to emigrate, and a close watch is kept on | the bjwiness of shipping companies to pre- ! vent infraction of the law. This vigilance does not stop emigration, but it docs pre vent inducements being offered to intend- 1 ing emigrants to gn to any particular coun try. There axe ?numerous Swedish colo nies in the Ujutcd St-iXc?. ;ind ninety out oi every hundred person.-; who eraicjaic go ' to join the-v colnnic*. This e.rnisnition is purely rramtari'iM-:. ami has continued, in fcpitc ot the pcTsistont efforts of the G-v vernmrat- to Trt.tin the popiil.vlir.n in the country. As^yoi there ii- tkv h.\r in Any txw- Hiincary ?niisQijit«v—prnhibi tinj; ? crrngrn tion propaganda ; 'but ? ?thc- TOovcnj«lnt'-i*-EOt -' re^ankd with faronr. especially in Hun gir--, wliere the constant stream of emi grants to America has more than once formed tho subject of disr.uj.sions in Par!i:i ment. Recently, too. there was trouble lut'.vetn the Government an/1 (,'anruia ow ing to thf- Unnding of Hungry v.-itii li'.eni t'.irc M-tting forth the attrajij'iciTi.s 'i -!»? Dominion, as n ph«.t' to einjja^jLf to. The distribution of this liu-mtur.: was Ntoj,p---1 bv the authorities-. ;md it i- nor, um'iblv tiiat leai.--kitir,n ' -u-jl). in tin- ri'-;iV future, be iniroduciil diitiin-j witli the whole -|ue.stion c,i emi?rati-iii. Tlicrn ]u«i lieon a ven- l.irjir in--v--ii!cnt -''i pojmlation from Au^lria-iiiiii^-irv during recent years. In V.vti -,vi r ?21~-Jwi t''i-v'--' landed in NYw York -.vlio (k-.--iit«'d i.!ie.m Wilves a.s suhj.-ds of ihi- Krr:;»ir.-. and c»ri Kidcrablc: niini!ji-is uNo h.r. ?? gone to I ho Argentine ;a»'i ilrazJI. .mil it u from t;»: Av-striaii flmpiri' that the mnjority of tin: Canadiun- Knropeaii ^mi^ranl- are obtained. The immigration movement i~ l.irci'lv sjion l.'ineous. and i- -iue Id the industrial condi tion of the miniiij; and town population: but there is a (onsidcniiile jmmignition propaganda carried on. Brazilian, (iina dian, find Argentine usents an' busily at wotIc, and the Kuropcan Colonization So ciety has numemu.s niiuifieatiorm to attrict' emigrnnls from the Empire, to iulvantjgc of the Nord Deut^cher Uoyd, whose bolts from Bremen earn- the bulk of the traffic. T3ie United. States, which receive, by lar the larger portion of the population leav ing Austria- Hunc»iry, have no agencies.and do not iu any way encourage thus immigra tion. — llore Opponition.— 'In mo=t of tlie other European coun tries also there is a very strong opposition on the i«irt of the Governments to emigra tion, and Any attempt at -propngandji is rieidly put down. At the time of writing the newspapers report that the Ronrnanian Government has just expelled from Bueiia rest, at a moment's notice, an agent who was endeavouring in the interests _oF an American shipping company to obtain emi grants from the Danubian States. The Governments of the other Balkan States tal;c tlie same attitude,, and are strongly opposed to any attempt to induce their subjects to quit their territory, and so far as I can lenrn the only European 'countries ?which allow free propaganda are Russia, Spain. Turkey, and Greece. In order to arrive at a clear view of the probabilities of t?ecurine European emigrants, I have oad conferences rath some of the_ Ixst Euro pean authorities; with Herr Wiejrand. head, of the Xord DeutBclier Lloyd— who is pro bably the greatest authority on European enugration, having been offered by the Chancellor of the German Empire, Prineo jtulow. tlie position of Minister of the Colonies— with Herr yon Pilis. President of the European Colonization League, as well as with the managers of the grcat^ English shipping companies, who have Europein agencies. An the result of these confer ences and mv owti enquiries I am dispos ed to my that it i» nuitc impossibU to ohtiin emierants from Germany and France: it i» probable that a fair nurabtT eould \x obtnined from Austria (chietly Dalmatia), Hungary, Switzerland, and Italy. From Russia there are possibilities of Eecurirw a considerable flow of emi grants, amon? whom would be a large pro portion of the farming class; 'and, as I have already stated. therc_ are many Ger man settlers now in Russia who wish to emigrate. A.« regards other subjects of the Czar, there are many Poles. Lithuani ans, and Little Russians who arc eager to emigrate, but, unlike tjhe German settlers, ivho have a fair amount of money, they ;.re usually very poor. From some of_ the 'Bal kan provinces, principally Bulgaria, many immigrants mieht he obtained, despite i\\.o opposition of the Governments. — Advantages -with Australia.— 'The iirnorance eoneerning Australia in Encland is very great, on the Continent, of Europe it is profound, and this -ignorant :» is the greatest obstacle in Uic path of any one who undertakes immienition work. Those who know ttbc European emigrrtnt class best are least Kinguinc of the inun; diate success of any movement which anils at divertina its current towards Austnlia. The average emigrant dreads a long mm voyage, as he fears a strange country. It is true that n good nviny go to the United. States, but generally they arc broustht out there by their friends. As for the emigra tion to other American countries, such -i- Canada and the Argentine, much of it is ilue entirely to thi ignorance of the pea sants, who vaguely imacine llwt in coin-: Ihcre thev are j?oinf to the 'America' ficv have all heard of— that is to say. the 'Unit - ttl States. Nevertheless, Australia has ;n! vantages wlriqh might a'eal to the would be emigrant. In the United States the Government docs not help to settle people, on the land. Thia work is left to private witcrprisc. with the result that it docs not always end satisfactorily for the inr.ni grants, vfiio not infrequently remain T1. or drift -tack to the towns. In the Nor thern States the towns are already _--.» :rowded by iroiniirrants that the wor!;iiiK classes are unwilling that more should b ulmitted. As for Canada, the severe r'n :er». with their consequent hardships, iim-v(- « t unpopular witli manv emigrnnts fron i Southern IJuroiw. Then, with regard t,i j .he Argentine, failures on the part of r.ri rate agencies to carry out the promises nade to enrignints. have occasioned much lis*atisf action in Europe, and several of j tnc colonization soaexies are u\ui-l- hi | sending more emigrants to that countrv. Moreover, the Government of the Ar-;ui- tine is reputed to be unsettled, the cost of living is high, and phunies affecting cat tie and crops nre not uncommon. All tills, of course, tells in favour of emigra tion to Australia. While a direct propa candn cannot be carried on in any w lie Euro|-can countries from whiuh it is (U tireil to draw wopulation. then? an? wavs of influencing the current of iminignitjou which competent authorities consider minht be etfective. The Colonization League, for instance, which has its lu.ul olfice in. lierlm, and branches in llelsiug fors, Vienna. Dresden, ond Lemberc. is in close touch with the North German Uoy.l Shipping Company, and during the ' ist three years some 40,000 emigrants have iKt-ii shippetl to America under itsau«pici--. This Colonization 'League is ostensibly :-u 'Information Bureau.' its offices bemit stocked with literature concerning n. «' countries. Information and mlvice .ire tendered to any one consulting the bureau. and in this wav the league, working m conjunction with the North Gentian Lloyd, proves a very successful emigration ag i.l. At the present 'time .the league is wo.i; itig entirely in tlie interests of emiuTittiun to the United States. Until recent |y m^nv iwrsons were sent to the .Argentine., but this- course has lieen discontinued. o:i the jjround -that the Government of that conn try lias little suitable land left to nffi.T to settlers. The 'North German Uo.ii, however, are not committed to send '.'mi erants exclusively to America, nor is 'in Colonization League. The director of tin ereat shinping company ^y^sllcs it lcn')-\\-ii that he is nnxious to placeall the expe rience and service of the North Germ.m Lloyd at the dis-poml of the Aiistrarin Governments should they so -ierire. V.m, to make such offer effective, lie consider. that his company should be sole aui'iil in Europe (not. of course, including the IV.i ted Kingdom) for n pcriwl of 10 veil;-. If this were done, he believes, the Xo:!h German Lloyd. wonld be able to work up a big emigration to Australia, and tin; company is prepared to take the responsi bility of seloetinz good, sturdy emigrants of the tiBricultural tj'pe. —Preliminary Propaganda.— CiIn the opinion of Herr Wiegand (the di rector) mudi preliminary work would h* required to be undertaken For example. he favours the idea of sending two cxtio rionced journalists into likely Eiirom-;ni districts to arouse an interest in Austr.v lia as a field for emigrant*. Next, j.he company would require to send out to New South Wales 40 or 50 farmers, by wiy of a delegation, to study on the spot the acuial farming conditions, and after a 'lav of two or three months to return and renoi t to their countrymen what they think i-f the prospects. As the members of tins elegation would travel third --hss. iln cost would not be very rreat. Then Iloir Wiegand considers it would be necessary to subsidize one of established colonization leagues with funds to the extent of. s:iv. £1,000 to £1,500 a year, to print and iTi-- tribute information regartlin^ New S.-ii'h Wales. At present Ptibsidies arc r'.'M t - such lengues bv the American sinith^ni j railroads and bv certain Argentine 1 ni I ? companies. On the other h:iml. the Ori.ut- | ltoyal Mail Line is quite pivivu-^l to 'in dertake cmiaration work in Eumiie on 'h»- \ half of Australia; indeed, in a quiet w:iv, ' the company is alre.idv d- ihi-_r. trirm;^-! il- | ncerrts abroad, n certain amount -?:' kvo.'. aanda. as. fur example, at u'm- Mil:m -\\\\- ' lribition tbi' eomj-my distributed l.'i.(J'J pamphlets -m M:n\i oi Nt u- Soatii \V.i!i ;. : But these are details of tirowlure that are i of no ereat moment at tin* pn^i-nt tim-.1: they :ux# civen in order \\-i -}n-w 'n;;r ' should the Qtiretian of EniniH-.ui on!i_r.. tion be serioa«lv taken- up thcr\\- :-ro m.'.r, availabk' to cirry on un rn'siien: ;av;.: giuido. —The T.vttcr l-nml. - | ''Once betjim the eniijir.ii-cn '-.?.?v:nu n^ ' will sUydiiy^jrrow -.f i:.-c!:'_ Tin- I'aiu.i States furniah a c.isr in p-iu'. . Ti-o'.-^ii there is n-.-.\v nn ,,cr:hv -'n-; .;; :tv!- ??- Kurupo. on IhIk!!:' -??:' Uia: ivuntry. -, li.-;;'; is a. ronsfcint .-^treaTii nf --;;nixints floivi;!; in thut- diroruon. indurnl foioj^- jlk- i;;t; favonraWc Tcpon!- ofuhwe win? hsy.-vrone : before.. The tapitai'-Tcquirod- 'o- be ;.'t-r- ? screed by foreisn (-micrantd under the N'w South Wales rt-^uiauon.s is undoubt'.dlv too hish, :is very few jx.thhls v.ith a slim «i .'Jii in esc-f.1.-:-- of their n;!.--i^e money would think of t-mitiraUi::;: =o thoec who hiw been (r.n--ii!t-ii iirianimoii::!.y -ithrm. 'I'ii'1 lii.mrrud litnriiii' :-.- in tin; United Fta'es ?i.-- .'J2 in/, but a-i :: rule, a nwn is '-'ly a-i.-.-d to .-linn- !.?;. h.ind.;. and if thc^' v'\\-} him t,, l.c a v.-orker m. suithi-r .|U---lioiis arc ii.-i:ill-.- n-l.i-d. The .i'u-(-r.c-j nf iVv-i; l.ind in Australia would not, i,c a bar tn o.'nj'.'n.tini,. Kini^i-.jii!.-.: .-tn* v;i!liic t' '^y :'?-!? laiid. ;:.- lin ?-,- .!?, ;n pr;ictic::l!v all .-??iiti- tri;-- t-. whii-ii iin-v x,. v,-|th the '-\iT!-i'.m ??-:' C.m.sfi.i: ;.n-l -??.?' ;i as nv.n!- CiimcI.-i. tlie .-Ktif-n --:' Vii) ;i'-ri.--i whu-ii is 'ir-inti-! to an iinmi-'r.mt ri- ijuirr^ to In- ^u;.;il'U,(vt. li| l.y an c-iiu;:l an-:i in order that a si- ttl-r may obtain a fair living. Ji will i.-- '?.a.'i.T.-l from the fonsroiri'-' ti:;\r tin- inaujunt!- n of a movement to --T''iirc a sir--:m of -ii): grants from Europe to Aii-ti-!|i:i. '-n .-. l.it'.v f-fiile will not be an easy matt-T. A i.i^i.; ; number of jK?rsons arc ever willing to nr.i ' crate, but outs-ide Knror«» t'w ncrtlr. mi Europeans know onjv one di*-tinali(-n. nnl that is America: the ernti'il KurojKiins .u:d I the Slavs, while prtrfening Ameiii-n, r,'o in small nnmbers to Houth America. 1'iil* Italmns are tlie onlv i«!f-ple whose horizon is extended: they go not only to the Uni ted States, but also to Algeria and Tunis and South America. At present it is all in vain that tlie 'Better Land* of Australia is pkeed _ before them — cheap passages or the certainty of employment \y_ould alone tempt them southwards. —A Pure Business Scheme. — 'The task of attractine European cmi jrrants. if it bo entered npbn. must be nude part of _n pure businens scheme. Several \cars will lie. consumed in reaching the people, w'hom it i- de*ircd to Hecurc. and inliuential_ ngendes mnst be set to work. The moment is opportuna for the lnaueuratiort of such a moycmcBt. which once commenced must b» ?issiduously poshed forward and continued uninterruptedly, every stco takro being part of a comnrchonsive and ?wdl-thoiught- ont scheme. To do vigorous work for ono or _ two years and then slick off would be quite useless. It would take two ycara to prepare the way and,overeomeiznoraaec and existing prejudice, and set tlie movement en il« feet; thereafter progress -vbu!d bo secure. Canada, wlu'ch is so often appealed to ns a model for Australia to imitate, took eieht veare to ovemnne the preliminarv difficulties of its undertaking; and I do not see tnat Australia can hope to attain suc cess in a shorter period. Whether Austra lia, owing to seasonal causes, is in the posi. tion to undertake a continuous immigration campaign extending over a decade of years, is '.nue.h open ; to question: -whether it would lie prudent to introduce 'nan-English, upeak ins people into Australia in great numbers is a matter of policy which would need care ful thought before hcing : .adopted. Them is still amnle room for immiirration work in Great Britain. From 250,000 to' 300.000 llritinh born emigrate from the United Kingdom ovrry year, alxmt half of -wliom mo to the United States and arc lrv-t to the Kmntre. Canada nltraetod ltust year abotrt 30.000. and Australia could obtain as manv immigrant* as it needs were the, conditions resardinir r«s«aj.re and employment «ju.--! to those of Canada.' 