NEWS. NOTES, AND COMMENTS. 1 ? « ? The Bago butter factory at Tumut sold 131 tons of butter last month. The Coolamon Interstate ploughing matches are fixed for the middle of August. At Uliwah 2000 rabbits were killed in a fort night with auince jam and strychnine. The enormous increase in the number of rabbits in Riverina is largely responsible for the present scarcity of grass in that part. An area of celery, grown at Osborne Park, Western' Australia, is estimated to be worth locally at £400 per acre. The Walker trustees have decided to throw open a large area of Tenterfield station Es tate for closer settlement on easy terms. The grasshopper pest in some of the western districts is reported to be worse than rab bits. A grazier in the Gunilagai district, New South Wales, estimates his loss In fodder outlay and loss of sheep at £250 per week. lied water is prevalent in the Brookfleld dis trict (Q.), .and is causing severe losses to the farmers. Two boys .in a fortnight trapped 5000 rabbits in a 800-acre paddock, and made as much as £3 13s in four nights. According to an estimate of the District In spector of Stock, Yergiong Common, New South Wales, supports 3,^00,000 rabbits. The Alstonville Refrigerating Company manufactured in April 64 tons of butter, which realised 93a per cwt. Suppliers were paid 9d per lb, making £5956 16s 7d. The inspecter of stock, Mr. C. K. Hudson, has been notified by the Chief Inspector ol Stock to report on an alleged outbreak of swine fever at Bega. It is estimated that the total output of dried fruit from Rcnmark (S.A.) will amount this year to nearly 1500 tons, which will be a re cord. During the winter months Mr. Jaques, Go vernment Canning Expert, will go through New Zealand giving demonstrations of the art of preserving and packing fruit. It is not considered likely that the Premier of Weslerp Australia will entertain the offer to settle a number of Jews on the land in that State. As an instance of the large number of rab bits brought to the railway station at Quean beyan for export, one trapper last week de livered 798 pairs in one load. Trappers are cald to be making a good thing this season. The largest farm in the v.orid is in Louisi ana. It covers a million and a half acres. On it are 36 miles of railway and 300 miles of navigable water, on which ply three steam boats. Nearly every vessel of the FederalHoulder Shire line which arrives in Australia is bring ing immigrants. The Essex, now at Port Adelaide, has 221 immigrants, of whom 150 are for this Stat®. The Wooroowoolgen homestead reservation, near Casino, has been subdivided into eight handy-sized farms, and the unleased blocks are now available. The terms appear in our advertising columns. The Nowra Co-operative Dairy Company manufactured 32 tons of butter last month, being slightly under the average. Suppliers got 9 9-10d per lb, making cheques totalling £3491. The Upper Wallamba Co-operative Dairy Company's return for April shows the butter manufactured amounted to 39,6421b. Suppliers were paid 83d for first quality, and 8d for second. The turnover was £1611. Mr. J. Petersen, the Danish expert, who was for some time in the service of the New Zea land Government, which he left to take up a position in the Argentine is now managing a big dairy concern in Washington. The S.A. Government Fruit Expert has been given control of 11 acres of land to allow him to make a thorough investigation of the di seases which affect South Australian fruit trees. Major Long, who is visiting Australia on behalf of the Imperial Government, in regard to obtaining tinned meat supplies for-, the army, reports that the tinned-meat industry in New Zealand is too small to allow of ex7 tensive business being done. ^ : The farmers at Guyra are engaged digging the potato crop, which is the largest. harvested for many years. The low price ruling is som-v ! what disappointing, and many of the growers are holding on in anticipation of a rise ;a the market. The Tweed River Co-operative Butter Co. paid 9d per lb for A1 butter for the month of April, and Id less for second:class, of which there was only 1 per cent. . There was- a con siderable failing off in the cream, Supply, com pared with the previous month'. The sugar-crushing season in North Queens land started on May 22 at the Mulgrave mill. It is estimated that, the crop will be worth £800,000. A large number of cutters havJ gone from the North Coast districts of this State to North Queensland. The benefit bit rugging horses and dairy cows which run out during the winter cannot be .profitably ignored. Horses keep their condition better when covered than if exposed through the long cold nights to bleak winds, | while dairy cows give a better return in the milking yard. I For the month of April the West End Cream ery Company at Bega manufactured 45, 8211b (butter, about 205 tons, which realised in the gross £2925. Suppliers were paid net cheques amounting to £1676. Cost of manu facture, marketing, etc., amounted to £249, or 1.3d per lb. An enormous yield of potatoes has just been taken from three-quarters of an acre on Mr. John Taylor's property, Mataura (says the 'Ensign'). From that area 230 well-filled sacks of Up-to-dates have been dug. This averages at the rate of 26 tons 19 cwt per acre. It is estimated that within the last two months £500 worth of dairy cows and heifers have died in the Muswellbrook district from some unknown cause. Application is being Bade to the department fot a veterinary sur geon to investigate the matter with a view to providing against further losses. A small farm containing 15J acres at Mount Keira has been sold for £650. This indicates the value of the land to be found here and there along the south coast ranges. There are hundreds of acres in that district now carrying scrub which could be profitably uti lised in the production of vegetables and fruit trees. The contractors have almost completed the railway from Temora to Barellan, in River ina, and along the route of the line, which runs through rich agricultural country, sev eral townships are being surveyed. The con tractors are now forming a yard at Rose bank, which promises to become an impor tant wheat centre. Large quantities of fodder are being sent to Riverina for feeding starving stock. The supplies come largely from the Hunter River district. The centres to which supplies are being despatched include Germanton, Jeril derie, Coolamon, Balldale, Hay, Temora, ' and «ven Wyalong, where until quite recently the pastures were fairly abundant. Australian inventive talent is again shown in connection with the milking machine. The Gillies attachment marked a long. step in ad vance and now Mr. William Teese, dairy farmer, in the Lardner district West Gipps land (Vic.) lias produced an improvement that claims thorough 'stripping' without injury to the. cow. The principle is compressed air al ternating with vacuum. : Renmark this, year reached the highest point of its production. It is estimated that the total output of dried fruit will amount to little short of 1500 tons. South Australia, llOWcvcr, 'will roquiro only a titho of thin quantity, and the surplus is now being sent not only to all parts of Australia, but also to New Zealand, England, Canada, and other parts of tho Empire. The demand for land at Inverell is so great that one or two large holders intend sub dividing their estates, and disposing of them in areas suitable for mixed farming. *One of these is Mr. Tom Bowling, of Arrawatta, who proposes cutting his property up (retaining the homestead and 3000 acres) into blocks of 1000 acres each, giving each block river frontage. Ten of these areas will shortly be available. As a result of the good rains which fell dur ing the early autumn there is a plentiful sup ply of grass and water at Glen Innes, and tho ovtlook for the winter is very satisfactory. Both cattle and sheep are in splendid condi tion, and it is not anticipated that there will be any necessity, for hand-feeding. Ploughing operations have been in full swing for some time, but the climatic conditions will not per mit of early crops. At a meeting of directors of the Bathurst Co-operative Dairy Company, the manager reported that he received fast month 35,2921b of cream, and manufactured 17,6511b of butter. Suppliers woro paid per lb for cream, with a 21 per cent, bonus to shareholder suppliers, totalling £661 14s 6d. These figures show a large increase oil the corres ponding month of last year, suppliers receiv ing £376 extra. For the month of April the Pambula Dairy Company manufactured 35,5101b of butter, which realised a gross amount of £1455, or an average of 9.84d per lb. Suppliers were paid net cheques totalling £1257. Working expenses averaged 1.19d. The Towamba Creamery Company turned out 17,0841b dur ing the same period, this realising £715. The Rocky Hall Company's output was 12,9581b, the gross amount realised being £529. The dry spell has affected supplies, and a rainfall is much desired just now. The demand for land in and around Narrabri is still very great, and doubtless the auction of the Killarney blocks in June next will be attended with keen competition. Only 6000 acres have been surveyed for sale, but the general hope of the community is that this preliminary sale is only the thin end of the wedge, which will ultimately bring about the distribution of the whole of this magnificent estate. With the acquirement of the Kil larney or Edgeroi lands lies the future success of the district. The smaller factories on the Clarence have paid milk suppliers for April 33 per gallon. , The supply, with the approach of winter, has ? shown a material falling-oir, but the test is ? high. At the Grafton factory, the average for the month was 4.0, and the lowest was 3.7, which was very satisfactory. At the Ulmarra factory the average was 3.7. The milk treated bv the central factory and cream eries was 177,557 gallons. The quantity of butter manufactured was 67 tons, and the total income was £5273. Some considerable interest is being shown in England over the new breed of pigs knpwn as 'Suffolks.' They are white pigs with short heads, long bodies, and thin hair. They are very prolific, and although not very well known outside of the British Isles, they have become great favourites wherever kept. They produce a good quality of porlt at an early age. They are easy keepers, but are not especially good for grazing, because of tha shortness of their limbs, and a tendency to lay on large quantities of fat. Considerable attention is being given to the phosphate rock deposits discovered in the Kapunda district, South Australia. The deposit being opened up on the property of Mr. Frank Toms, at Koonunga, promises to be a large body of high-grade rock. There are indications that the industry will assume large proportions. As they are comparative ly close to a railway, within 60 miles of the city and Port Adelaide, the rock deposits around Kapunda are bound to be developed. Some 60,000 tons of phosphate rock per year will be required to meet the demand for su perphosphate in South Australia alone. Returns last year for the Richmond and Tweed show that there were 3111 registered dairies 135.830 dairy cattle, 13 factories, which made 16,540,7931b of butter, valued at £786,174; persons employed, 164; wage's paid, £20,004; value of machinery, £39,674; bacon factories, 3- pigs, slaughtered, 39,554; quantity of bacon, 2 *914, 5521b, of the value of £100,979; hands employed, 43; wages paid, £5598; value of plant, £4300. Sawmills, 35; timber cut, 19,065,800 super ft; value, £110,747; hands employed, 454; wages paid, £33,106; valu-3 of plants, £30,849. The total output of the three industries is £997,000. When fattening calves for veal it is a great mistake to gorge them. Even if fresh milk be used it causes scouring. It is a big ad vantage to supply buttermilk, together with the fresh milk. A calf fed threj times a day will weigh as much at the end of four weeks as one only fed twice a day will at the end of five weeks. Fair limits for an average calf may be put at 161b per day at the end of the first week, 231b by the end of the second, 281b the third, and 301b by the end of the fourth week. It should weigh about 1601b live weight, giving 961b of veal, ,, ^°ur weeks if fed thrice daily on new milk. A frost-proof potato would be as a big a hit as a rust-proof wheat. Some experi ments In thia direction have been made by Mr. P . W. Jenkins, of Nimitybelle. l-rom half a pound of these costly potatoes obtain ed 1895, Mr. Jenkins secured a very good re turn, and amply proved all that is claimed for them — that frost-bite in no way prevents them from developing to maturity. Mr. Jen j kin's crop from last year's planting weighed about 6cwt, all of splendid size and quality, a handsome return from what was originally two very small tubers. He fully believes that in a milder climate than Monaro these potatoes can be grown all the year round. A new spray for parasites, and in particu lar for the American blight or woolly aphis and caterpillars is recommended in the num ber of the Department of Agriculture's jour nal for Germany of last January. This spray, called bouiiie lauorae, is thus pre pared: — Caustic soda, 3oz; resin, lib; methy- , lated spirits, 6oz; and ammonia, .8S05oz to a litre of water. The experiment with cater pillars showed that the above spray had no deleterious effect on leaves and fruit, but showed splendid results In the destruction of caterpillars. One part in 15 of water was very quick in Its action, the caterpillars being killed in one minute. More dilute propor tions were not quite so successful. The supply of cypress pine in America has been seriously reduced of late years, and Ade laide timber merchants are looking for sup plies nearer home. The merits of the South Australian cypress pine being well known, a company has been formed in Adelaide to draw on the forests of the Northern Territory for South Australian requirements. The company has been named the Territorial Cypress Pine and Timber Company, and has a capital of £2000. A lease of 200 square miles has been secured. The intention of the company is to send logs to Adelaide, where they will be sawn into lengths. The land is situated in the Anson Bay district, on the east coast of the territory. A pleasing exhibition of self-help, believed to be unique in the State, has been shown at Bowraville. Applications had repeatedly been made for telephonic communication be tween Bowraville , and Argent's Hill, and the Pastoral Department eventually sent an officer | to report. The residents met him, and unanimously signed an agreement collectively engasing- to. provide th#- noles_and. do. — of construction free, the department supplying the wire, brackets, and instruments only. The settlers also undertook to keep the line (14 miles) in order without cost to the department. This action is expected to result in the erec tion of several local lines in the same way, as the other plan of a few residents giving ; a money guarantee to the Government against departmental loss is considered an unfair tax on two or three. . ;? A simple method of rabbit destruction is reported by Mr. W. M. Robertson, manager ' of 'Rockdale,' Old Junee. A piece of bag- j- ging or a small bough is saturated with or- I dlnary coal tar, and placed at the entrance ] to the burrow, which is then closed up. The result is surprising, for the rabbits will have nothing to do with burrows so treated. A kerosene tin of tar, costing about Is, is suffi cient to treat 300 acres of infested country. Experiments'conducted by Mr. Robertson and a neighbour have been. entirely successful, and it is reported that a land-holder in the Mur rumburrah district, whose land is wire-netted, was successful in entirely freeing his land from rabbits. ' j Speaking from practical experience, Mr. S. L. Archcr, an orchardist in the Corowa dls- 1 trict, Riverina, recommends as a remedy against the fruit fly working up the soil in the orchard thoroughly, more especially round | the trees, as it is there the fly deposits its eggs. A little lime worked into the. soil is also good. He sprays his trees in winter with j lime, sulphur, and salt wash, letting the wash i run well down the trunks of the trees into ! the main roots. He uses 51b of lime and 101b I. of sulphur, placing in a boiler with about 8 ij or 10 gallons of water. Boil over a brisk fire j lor not less than one and a half hour, or un- [' til the sulphur is thoroughly dissolved. When this takes place the mixture is of an j amber colour. Next place in a cask 151b of | unslacked lime, pour over it enough hot wa- } ter to thoroughly slack it, and while it is boiling add about 81b of salt. When thlg 1« . dissolved, add to the lime and sulphur in the 1 boiler, and cook for about half an hour long- ; er when there has been added . the necessary amount of water required to make up 30 gal- j Ions. ,. [ At Mackay (Q.) Experiment Station 1 :ro \ crops of the Giant Honduras yielded 501 tons - of sorghum. This variety, with four other j American varieties, gave yields which \\- amounted to 20 per cent. . greater than the j yields from the Planters' Friend and common i sorghum usually grown in this State. The [., Experiment Station report for 1904 states as j follows: — 'The chemical analyses have shown j that the heavy cropping American varieties | of sorghum contain very much less prussic i acid poison than the common varieties.' |. It was the study of the sorghum plant in all | its stages of growth which led to the discov- j: ery that the sole trouble arising from feed- s ing sorghum to cows and other cattle was | due to the presence of prussic acid. The t:| analysis also showed that when the sorghum ] j is coming up towards the flowering stage tho H prussic acid poison almost totally disappears, and the sorghum can be fed freely to stock. This information was made known to the i. public by Mr. Dalrymple, who was then Min- a ister for Agriculture, and it is believed led to - 1 the saving of much loss of stock from the said -3j ?poisoning. Losses from sorghum eating are vj now hardly ever heard of. * t A trial was held last week at the farm ef ? Vi Mr. R. H. Jackson, Yaldhurst (N.Z.), of a | potato digger, the invention of Mr. J. Vor ~ bach, oT liienlierm. Tne Tatenree uao— — ? ? ? ? — twelve years at work on. the implement, ana has now got it to a good stage of perfection. The potato drill is lifted on a wide, points'! | share, and the soil, potatoes, tops, etc, are carried over endless chains, which work rapidly, and final separation of the potatoes -i is obtained by means of rods at the back . j of the machine, which have a vibrating mo- | tion. .. The work was nerformed most satis- i factorily, tbe principal defect noticeable i ?being that the soil raised on the wings of the j share does not carry away freely. The ma chine is strongly built, and carried on fairly high wheels, and there is apparently little to get out of order. The crop was growing m , free soil, which was clean except for » few plants of fat hen. The potatoes were laid clean on the surface, and there was no bruis ing of the skins in the passage along the chains. Four horses were used, and the work did not appear to be beyond them. In Marl Iborou'gh the machine has been used witn great success for some years'. A farm implement that is comparatively unknown in Australia is the farmyard man ure spreader, in which the manure is automa tically spread from the loaded cart or wag . gon. This is notable in the fact that through out America there are probably more of these appliances sold than any other farm imple ment. Every American agricultural Journal has its advertisement for this implement, set ting forth the ease and speed with which the manure may be handled and spread, the im proved. mechanical condition of the manure as it comes' from the spreader, the possibility of covering a greater area than when^ spread |-y hand, and the evenness of distribution, .without lumps, chunks, or heaps. The balf-yeariy meeting of shareholders of the Kangaloon Dairy Company was held last week. The report showed that during the six months ended March 31 the company re ceived 1S9, 5601b of cream and I2S.290 gallons of milk. The cream produced S3, 2161b butter, and the milk 54,0951b, making the total output of butter 138,2111b. which was sold at an average price of 10.49d per lb, suppliers receiv ing an average price of 9|d per lb for com- j mercial butter, and 10.45d for butter- fat. The Whole of the butter manufactured commanded top market-price, and that graded by the Government' for export was classed as 'super- fine.' The balance-sheet showed that the overdraft, caused by the erection of the re frigerating plant, had been reduced by. £91, and now stood at £579. The tota,l income was £6248 7s Sd (including £5025 for butter cold in Sydney, and £101 for local butter Bales), and the expenditure £6157 0s 6d (in cluding £3274 paid for the purchase of cream and £2129 for purchase of milk). The report and balance-sheet were unanimously adopted. 