THE WEEK'S CABLES. (Router a Messages.) The Prince ol Wales has been gazetted an admiral. The King yesterday arrived at .iiarntz, on the Bay of Biscay. . . | Vickers, Sons, and Maxim arc building a Dreadnought l'or Brazil. ,Thc Duchess of Mayborough, has joined the active slum1 workers of 'the Church Army. . There is a possibility, of a Canadian Rifle team visiting Australia with, a British team. Mi'oo 'Vollto Rfnwnrt will riot visit America.: She is returning to Australia after six months'! rest. The Ameer of Afghanistan lias engaged European exports to start .woollen raills at Kabul. (The Governments of France and Spain hav4 agreed to construct a railway, through the Pyrenees. . . The Empress Dowager of Russia will arrive in London on Thursday, on' a visit to her sis ter, Queen Alexandra. The lute Dr. Oldham, an opthalmic sur geon at Brighton, has bequeathed £60,000 to higher education. I The King is presenting a signed portrait of himself and the' Queen to the capital of caph ooiony in South Africa. . _ French newspapers assert that :0-crman' offi cers are enrolling and' drilling infantry and cavalry nt Tangier and;, Fez. ? Playing against Inman in a gamc^ o._lo,UUU up, licccc made- a reoord- break of 120!), inolud inff 521 consecutive cannons. ' One of the King's Messengers (Herberts) despatch bags has been recovered at Hook, Holland. The bag was empty. The revenue of Egypt for the 12 months ended December 31 amounted to £E15,337,000. The surplus amounts to jEE2, 175,000. The eldest son of the Prince of _ ?Wales has passed the preliminary examination for entry to the Royal College at Osborne. . Tlie general committee of, the. National Liberal Federation -has passed a resolution, in favour of woman suffrage bX 78 votes to 73\. .. . ? ? * - V ' -v.' ?Horace Rayner, charged witn tho mur&er; of Mr. William Whiteley, the universal pro vider in London; has been committed for trial. ' . The fund initiated by the Lord Itfayor, Al derman Treloar, for the relief of sufferers by tho earthquake ill Jamaica amounts to £54,000. ; ' . ? The Orient;, Aberdeen, and Lund's lines have made a further reduction of £2 in tha assisted passages of emigrants from England to New South Wales. The Laidy Pierre, an 11,000 ton lioyal Mail steamer, it is reported to bo. used in the South American trade, has been launch ed at Belfast. The 'Daily Mail'' says that Mr. J. R. Mackay, the Australian cricketer, lias been invited (.fo join tho South African Cricket team in England. Snow caused a tremendous mountain slide over an area of six square miles at Ouolma, L'ugeria, uesoroying; many uuusb, ami uwj ing S5 of the inhabitants.. ?Admiral Sir 'Arthur Knyvet iWilson, Com mander-in-chief of the Channel fleet, who re linquishes ? offlce to-day, has been appointed an Admiral of the Fleet. Owing to tlie refusal of the Government to initiate legislation to assist the unemployed, tho Labour groups in the House of Commons will' this session introduce a bill. - Mr. Chamberlain, accompanied by ' Mrs. Chamberlain, . travelled from Birmingham to London on Saturday. They are proceeding to the Riviera in the utmost privacy. The Hamburg- American steamship Com pany has ordered fromj Harlahd and Wolff's ship building yard the rlargest liner' in the world, containing among the appointments a swimming 'bath. King Alfonso, yielding to the Bishops pro tests, has abrogated the decree of August, which authorised Civil marriage without a declaration . by the contracting, parties of their religion. Mr. Justice Kennedy, of tho King's Bench Division of tho High Court 4bt' Justice, lias , been appointed 'Lord- Justice of .Appeal in suc cession to Sir H. H. Cozens Hardy; now Mas-* ter ot the Rolls. - The Australian States Constitution Bill, cnH sentation bills, for Royal assent shall not bo necessary, has passed through Committee of the House of Lords. Sir Richard . Henn Collins, Master of the Rolls, has been appointed a Lord of 'Appeal in Ordinary, in succession to . Lord Davey, deceased. Sir H. H. Cozens H-ardyi a Lord Justice of 'Appeal, has been appointed Mas ter of the Rolls. ?A rebellious Birnal tribe, attacking an Italian punitive expedition in Italian 'East 'Africa, was repulsed, near Danea. Two Jiun dred of the natives wore killed. The Xxnliah casualties numbered 2,7. ?Arrivals of wool numbered 397,500 bales. Of these 233,000 have been forwarded direct 4-.K nllrl nififJl t]lft hfllnC left over from ' last, series there -will be available for the second series 167,500. Mr. Robert William Perks, M.P. for Louth division of Lincolnshire, speaking at Louth, declared that non-conformists would not al low the question of disestablishment to be shunted for a Catholic University in Ireland. [ The court martial held on the grounding I of the battleship Dominion, in Chaleurs I Bay, New Brunswick, in August lost, has severely reprimanded Captain Charles E. ICingsmill,' the commanding officer, and Licu 1 tenant Basil S. Noake. tho navigating o'U for. 1 Tlie Ameer of Afghanistan, iri laying tho foundation- stone of Islamina College, Lahore, in a broad, enlightened speech, eulogised edu cation, and warmly commended ; Gren't Bri tain's action in conceding Mahommoclo.ns' per fect religious liberty. The Blue Anchor steamer Geelong, 7954 tons, frnm Rvrliipv nnmn i«fn onll wifh 7sTr»i*_' Uveg'iaii steamer Frogiier, 1127 tons, off Beacliv | Head, Sussex, in a fog. The Frogner sank, | and the Geelong took her crew aboard and I brought them to London. At the' instance' of Yiissef, editor of the 'Moayyaa,' a Nationalist, journal published in Cairo, and it is supposed .backed by the . Khedive, the General ?.Assembly (Legislative Council) has passed it resolution demanding tho early granting of full parliamentary i li- st ilut ions and . other wide concessions. ' Sir Alexander SVvettenhahi, Go'veriior of Ja maica, Mr. Winston Churchill announced in tlio House of Commons last' night, has resigned on the ground of age. He is now (il; Sir Alexander Swettenham was given an opportunity of con tinuing to hold office, but lie definitely, de clined. . Foliiih Pasha, late chief of the SccrOt Po lice at lYildiz Krosk, and who has been ox-, ilad from. Turkey on account 'of his extortiorf and corrupt acts, is being- treatod like a prince at Mudania. Europeans are indignant at the Sultan showing such scant respect to the Powers. ? Hector Fraser, Donald Mcintosh, - and Greig, the woll-known Australian' gunmen, ^divided 17', 3 28 francs at the Triennial Cham pionship Pigeon Shooting Match: at Monte Carlo, ?with 23 kills out'of 25 birds. Frasor. won the championship modal witli a score of 24 . out of 25. . The increased facilities for immigration olTcr ed by the New South. Wales Government are causing numerous applications' to bo made to the Agent- General.: : One hundred . immigrants are leaving England for. New South Wales this week, including six families, each family tak ing over £1000. The Earl of Crewe, Lord President of. tho I Council, speaking at Doncastcr, said that rthc I Irish measure which the Government would in troduce into tho House of Commons after Eas ter would not bo incompatible with a larger policy which might be advaneod at some futuro day if the three kingdoms so dosire. ' ' The steamer Dakota, 20,174 tons, owned by1 tho Great Northern Railway Company of tlio United States, bound from Seattle for Yoko hama and Hong Kong, is badly ashore nt No slvinia, on tho south-east coast of Honshiu.. Her passengers have been saved. Tho hull alone . of the Dakotn is insuri-d for £500,000. The cargo is insured for '£50,000.; ?_ . Mr. .Winston Churchill, Parliamentary Un der-Secretary for the Colonies, states ' that I Lord Elgin, Secretary of State for the Col onies, was in frequent communication with Sir Everard F. im Thurn, High Conrmis- | sioner for the Western Pacific, and Governor of Fiji, before and after the completion of tho New. Hebrides Convention. Lord Elgin, ho adds, did not intend to publish the con fidential correspondence. . The Paris correspondent of the 'Times' sta tes that Germany 'latterly, has _ made strenu ous exertions to establish' a golieg of . rap prochement with Denmark,, in the hope | of neuxralising the. Danish Straits, and of mak ing; the,' Baltic a mare clausum.- The corres pondent adds, that Germany is steadily de veloping her influence with Sweden and Nor way,: and will soon bo preponderant in the Baltic. ? On Monday the Dover harbour master despatched assistance to the Red Star liner iVaderland; a Belgia* steamer, of 12,015 '? tons, which is1 ashore on . the. Goodwins. -The .Vaderland has passengers aboard. ? Two Ger man steamers came into: collision with dacir other, on the Goodwins. One began, to sink, and a 'boat brought nine of her sailors to I-ovor, and reported that tlie captain and seven of the crew were standing by. :A tug went out to the' assistance of tho captain of the sinking steamer, biut made a fruitless search, which is 'being- renewed. Nine of the sailors rowed to Dover in a boat, and ?the captain and seyen sailors .stood by. All hands are safe. Eight residents' of Ballinbragli were charg ed at Leitrim 'Assizes !\vith .riot- : The evi dence showed that a man -who was boycotte-d by his neighbours went 20 miles for bread. He was waylaid and robbed of liis provisions, by a crowd of 700 people. ;. Mr. Justice -ICen- ny, in summing up, said it was hard to be lieve that with such things happening they were living in a Christian , country. If jurors sympathised with the prisoners, they would not be fit to fill the 'most menial oflifce. Tlie jury disagreed, and the case was adjourned to the, next assizes. , iMr. vM. Kihcaid Smith, M.p-.i (Liberal), ad dressing his constituents j : at Strntfordon 'AVoh, strongly .' advocated- a -small general I tai-iff of one to two ; pier . cant, on all foreign manufactures enteringVilie , 'United- Kingdom or any portion of the Empire, the proceeds to be devoted to naval needs and Imperial defence. This would relieve the Imperial Ex chequer of many millions, which could here after .be devoted 'to7old-age pensions and other pressing reforms.: The scheme, Mr. Kincaid Smith said,: would supply a great and material: link between the motherland and the colonies far' stronger 'than a scheme of preference. _ ?' ;. Sir ; Robert Bond, Premier of Newfound land, In the Legislative Assembly proposed a. contract with a London and Paris firm for a weekly service of 1-7 knots between Killery, Ireland, arid Green Bay, Newfound land. From- Green Bay there would bo a two-hour journey across Newfoundland, and thence 20-knot steamers to the railhead at Gaspe, Quebec. The scheme' also' offers , 'an alternative route by a . tunnel undter : the Strait of Belisle, linking with a; ^proppsed railway along Labrador. Either .way' there, will be. a saving of 32 hours over other -At- lantic routes. 'Newfoundland proposes.' 'to pay Canada . a- subsidy of 75,000- dollars '(£15,000) for 25 years. Other 5 subsidies are expected from Canada, the .United Sta tes, and Great Britain. ... . 