^^^^j0T'E5| A Carnegie Public Library has been opened at Hobart. It cost £7500. The 220 yards swimming championship of Victoria was won by F. Fitts on Saturday. Stated that a large settlement of Chinese on the Gulf country are growing opium, and that they camo originally from Java in Malay proas. H. Stuckey, who injured his knee cap in an inter-State match two years ago, signal ised his reappearance in Melbourne cricket on. Saturday by making 251. , The Indian National Congress has passed a resolution asserting that, in consequence of the partition of Bengal, boycotting was;. and is, a legitimate weapon. The Gordon Cricket Club's first defeat this year was at tho hands of the University last Saturday. Frank Iredale made a big effort to stem the tide of defeat with 100 not out. ? The Tariff Commission has cost over £10,000, and by the time its final printing bill is filed the figure will exceed £12,000. In 1904-05 it spent £2165 ; in 1905-06, £6085 ; and in 1906-07, over £1000. The spread of the plague in Sydney shows that no dependence should be placed on pri vate effort to wipe it out. Nothing short of a wholesale official crusade against the rats ?will save human life. The contract clause of the Immigration Re striction Act only applies to manual labour, and it is alleged that a Sydney shopkeeper is taking advantage of this loophole to im port shop assistants to replace the union hands. 'While Australian Governments are spend ing large sums to entice emigrants from Great Britain, hundreds of stranded Aus lians in South Africa clamour for their pas sage money back to their 'ain countrie.' There is at least a prospect of repatriating these exiles. 'Good old 'Rip Van Winkle,' ' said a stage manager, 'holds the record as a money maker among modern plays. 'Rip' has earned, down to date, something over £1,000,000. 'When 'Erminie' was first pro duced in London it was a total failure. The American production of it earned £600,000.' Tho M.C.C. team touring New Zealand easily defeated Otago on Monday last by an iunings and 95 runs. The English team made 495, whilst the home team responded \vi - 257 and 141 Harry Graham, the one-time crack bat of Victoria, played for Otago, but was a failure. In the two innings he only made 1 run. The Duke of Connaught's letter to the Governor-General bears out the supposition that he had to arrange everything 'some long time before travel,' and everything was to fit iu exactly so as to enable the Duke to bo back in time to keep long-standing func tions in April at home.' A little considera tion would have shown the Federal Cabinet these patent facts. Victoria's guide to the simple British emi grant does not err on the side of modesty. The Cabbage Garden is therein described as in all probability the most prosperous part of the dominions of King Edward VII. Mel bourne is described as the hub of Australia, and the amount of flapdoodle crowded into the book is enough to disgust any Briton en dowed with a grain of commonsense. In the district cricket matches last Satur day, Paddington beat Waverley, Balmain beat Central Cumberland, Burwood defeat ed Sydney, North Sydney beat Middle Har bour, and Glebe beat Redfern. A. J. Hop kins, for North Sydney, scored 229 not out; G. Payne, for Central Cumberland, 115 not out; H. Collins, for Paddington, 113 not out; and F. A. Iredale, for Gordon, 100 not out. The Public Service Board is to inquire into the case of Maurice Felton, the Sheriff's offi cer who has been suspended from duty upon the report of Judge Fitzhardinge, who inves tigated the charges of irregularities in con nection with the jury in the Crick-Willis trial. Meanwhile the Attorney-General is wrestling with the case of the juror who was alleged to have proved false to his oath. Salaries as low as £100 to £130 a year are alleged to be paid to telegraph operators in the Federal service. And these men are able to receive messages by sound and typewrite thorn at the same time. Many of them have been in the service for nearly twenty years. If this statement is true it is better to be a common labourer, for operators are subject to a great nervous strain, and aro obliged to work a€ all hours and often in unsuitable surroundings. Edward Nathan, a Hebrew defendant, who took the oath with his hat on, was credited to the Catholic religion on the charge sheet of the Central Police Court the other day. In spector Roche noted the inconsistency, and asked the accused during cross-examination what his religion was. The oool reply was that he was a Roman Catholic, when locked up, as he didn't want his people to know of his disgrace. This throws much light on tho way criminal statistics are compiled. The religious returns of New Zealand for 1906 give :—43hurch of England, 366,828, an increase from 1901 of 16.81 per cent. ; Pres byterian Church, 203,597, an increase from 1901 of 15.35 per cent. ; Roman Catholic, 128,109, an increase from 1901 of 15.74 per cenb; Primitive Methodist, 21,796, an in crease from 1901 of 114.89 per cent. ; Bap tists, 17,747, an increase from 1901 of 10.68 per oent. ; Congregatiorialists, 7360, an in crease from 1901 of 9.87 per cent. : The French Minister of Labour, M. Viviani, avows the purport of his Government's policy against the Church in these cold-blooded words: — 'We have torn away the consciences of men from belief. 'When a poor wretch, wearied Avith the burden of the day, bent his knees, we have raised him up, we have told him that beyond the clouds there was nothing but fancies (des chimeres). All of us with a noble gesture have quenched in heaven lights which shall never be i-elit.' One of the most bitter comments on Roose velt's proposed spelling reform was that made by, the 'Saturday Review': — 'Search his (President Roosevelt's) written and spoken ut terances, and you will observe a fine republi can contempt for the King's English. He tramples on it as a galling reminder of the colonial bondage. It is high time, he holds, that a land which is alike the Borne of the Free and the Paradise of the Half- Educated should be provided with a tongue of its own.' The report on the medical department of the United States army by Surgeon-General R. M. O'Reilly goes into that service during the calendar year 1905, and also compares the health of the different armies of the world. The highest rate is 13.21 per thou sand men, with the American army ranking second, with 12.95, and the Russian army hdlding the lowest rate of 3.48 per thousand men. The British army ranks first in the death-rate, with 7.13 per thousand men, the American army having the next highest, 6.28. The Prussian army has the lowest rate, 2 per thousand men. The consignment of eggs from South Aus tralia to England has evoked a bitter pro test from the newspapers which voice the woes of the British farmer. One paper says : — 'The unfortunate British farmer has had for many years past to fight strenuously against the severe competition of French, Danish, Italian, and Russian eggs, but he will learn with something akin to consterna tion that ho has now. another rival to face — ono that before* long will probably stand a vory fair chance of gaining tho supremacy of the London and other first-class markets. This rival, needless to 'jciy, is Australia. The fact that the Irish football team has defeated a representative English team in in ternational Rugby competitions doesn't speak much for English players. Ireland won by 17 points to 9. Be it remembered that Rugby is England's national game, that there is a population in England seven times as lar^e as in Ireland to select a team from, that the Rugby game in Ireland is restricted to a sec tion of the population of Dublin and Belfast, and that the great body of Irish athletes who belong to the Gaelic League do not play Rugby. Under the circumstances we do not know what would happen to an English team if a really representative Irish team mot it in the football field. 'O C.' (GeraldVon, North Queenslaa 1) writes : Some years ago a certain medico be came somewhat notorious in North Queens land through his frequent paragraphs in the coastal papers regarding the prevalence of Ankylostomiasus. A Royal Commission on the matter and nothing less would satisfy him. The Health Department requested their medical officers to report, and as there was no urgency the Royal Commission was re fused when asked for in the House. Then a medical man was heard to ask another: ''Why did Martin Luther in certain respects resemble Dr. — — ?' 'Because,' was the answer, 'History tells us he was the great doctor and reformer of 'Worms.''' W. J. Bryan, in a speech at New York, put his finger on the evil of suppressing news of wrongdoing, which appears to flourish in God's own country even as it thrives in this home of land scandals. Said Bryan: — 'Re- cently we had in this country a great inves tigation into a business, and the result of that is still fresh in our minds, and we re member it with much sorrow in our hearts. Yet I venture to assert that most of the edi tors in this room knew as much about all this corruption five years ago as they do to day. Yet you did not speak out. Why?' 'Wo would have lost our jobs,' someone interrupted. 'Because you had not tho moral courage to voice your knowledge and convictions,' continued Mr. Bryan, ignoring the interruption. Sir John Madden finds something to com mend in Australia. He said in Melbourne on his return from Europe: — 'I have had great opportunities of sitting in the courts of Eng land, witnessing both the bar conducting ita business and the judges conducting theirs; and I can say that whilst there are unmis takably great men in tho legal profession of Great Britain, I have returned to Australia with a great content in my mind — with a feeling that the administration of justice here loses nothing by the bar. Charles Watt, who is the presiding genius of the Auckland Protestant Defence Associa tion, has lately been writing sundry screeds to a local papar adversely criticising Home Rule (says the Auckland, 'Observer'). As evidence of the disloyalty of the United Irish League, Charles Watt quotes from an art:cle in tho Bal.inasloe 'Western News.' From the stress which Mr. Watt lays upon this quotation, the reader would naturally suppose that the 'Western News ' was a great and powerful organ, on equal terms with the 'Tillies' or the ''Standard.' As a matter of fact, Ballinasloe has a population of 4772, or, in other words, it is rather smaller than Waihi, so that it is reasonable to infer that the Ballinasloe 'Western News' is not such a mighty organ after al1. At a Gaelic League meeting in Castlebar, Co. Mayo, Colonel Maurice Moore advocated the establishment of troupes of actors to stage Irish plays in the districts where the language was not spoken at present. This would engender an interest in the language which would induce the audience to study the language. Beferring to the attempts made by National School Inspectors to curtail the teaching in schools^ Colonel Moore said ho found some of the worst of those inspectors in Mayo, who sought to terrorise the teachers from teaching Irish, and then if the teachers did not take the hint bad marks were re corded against the men. There had always been some of this low class of people in Ire land, who acted as jackals to the English lion, and who deserved the curses of their contemporaries and the contempt of history. The following statistics, quoted by Mr. John Gore, solicitor, in the course of a lec ture delivered recently in Belfast, throw a flood of light on the question of intolerance on the part of Belfast Protestants: — The ave rage amount paid yearly in salaries by the Belfast Corporation is £77,000, out of which Catholics get £3600. Tho Belfast Poor Law Guardians spend £10.865 yearly in salaries, of which Catholics got £170. Tho Belfast Har bour Commissioners pay £210 to Catholics out of £7908 which thpy spend yearly; while the Belfast Water Commissioners, to show tho spirit of religious toleration with which they are imbued, actually pay £150 yearly to Ca tholics out of £3524 which they . expond. That is the kind of distribution of places in the public service which Dill Macky and his rabid followers want to see taking place out here. None of the Australian dailios have so far as wo have noticed reprinted W. J. Bryan's remarks at the dinner given him by New York journalists. Perhaps our newspapers thought the observations too pertinent. Bryan said:- — -'The problem before us is to stop in the editorial rooms the selling of consciences for a salary. No newspaper can bo run without brain.s, and brains there must be in the editorial rooms. Men in this coun try who have grown rich by predatory means cannot write editorials. There is ono way to stop all unlawful accumulations of wealth, and that is to refuse to write one word that we can't put our consciences into.' Wo should like to see the Sydney dailies act on this principle. The protectionist writer of freetrade articles, the freetrader mditing pro tectionist leaders, and tho democrat compop. ing Conservative diatribes would be seen no longer in tho editorial sanctum. In a timid, halting manner Sydney 'Daily Telegraph' gives a sort of qualified editorial approval to 'a measure of Homo Rulo for Ire land. You see the Irish delegates have gone, there is no general election on hand, and the anti-Home Rulers are not likely to howl loud enough to scare the 'Tellegraph.' Hence the 'Telegraph' has seized the psychological moment to help the cause of justice to Ireland— when its halting words of cautious approval can do no good. The 'Telegraph' quotes with unctuous, ill- conceal- ed joy a Tory review of the alleged separa tist utterance of Mr. Devlin, M.P., and ex presses doubt as to the loyalty of the Homo Rulers. We dare say that if some swaggering rowdy sat on the head of the editor of the 'Telegraph' the editor wou'dn't feel very loyal to his assailant. Yet the 'D. T.' wants to know why Ireland — the only coun try in Europe with a decreasing population — is not frantically loyal. It is a pity someone; doesn't sit on that writer's head, just to let him exercise his loyalty to his aggressor. For the first time in ten years New South Wales has had to play second part in the Australasian Swimming Championships. The honour of champion State this year goes to Queens and through its representative, F. 'W. Springfield, who won the quarter mile, half mile, and mile events at the mestiug con cluded at Christ-church, N.Z., on Saturday last. Of the three New South Wales swim mers, Harold Baker, brother of the redoubt able 'Snowy, ' accomplished all that wa» asked of him, but Reginald Healy's form was most disappointing, tho sturdy Springfield defeating him in the three events. A pri vate letter from one of the team states that they had a bad time on the trip, and that the water was very cold. This may have had something to do with Reg. Healy's failure, for it would affect him more than the robust Springfield. Queensland won three events, New South Wales two, and West Australia one. Ths humours of the Westminster Parlia ment during the past session belong to tho Irishmen. Many stories were told during the session, but pei'haps the best was related by an Irish member to show the manner in which justice is administered in Ireland. An Irish motor-car driver was summoned for exceed ing the legal limit of speed. The r«ian proved beyond the shadow of a doubt that he could not havo boon guilty of the charge, becauso the car he was driving was built for heavy work, and could not go faster than six miles an hour. 'Then,' said the local magistrate, 'you will be fined £2 and costs for loitering.;.' A bottlo with a message from tho sea was cast up at the feet of a gentleman walking by the .seashore at Castlorock, on the north coast of Ireland, in December last. It con tained tho first news of tho loss of tho Allan liner; Huronian, which had disappeared five years ago. The messago reads: — 'Huronian sinking fast. Top- heavy. One side under water. Good-bye, mother and sister. — ? Charles M'Fall, greaser.' It was on Febru ary 1], 1902, that the large cargo steamer Huronian left Glasgow with only ono passen ger for St. John's, Now Brunswick. From that day she disappeared, and nothing has been heard of her till this bottlo was washed up. A Sydney showman announces as a public spectacle at his Bondi place of amusement on Saturday evening next a marriage ceremony on the back of an elephant. This degrading exhibition is to be performed by tho Rev. F. B. Cowling, minister of a suburban Congre gational church. Hitherto Australians have ftept themselves e'ear of tlio extraordinary semi-pagan freaks of which Americans have been guilty. The marriage ceremony is often degraded in America by weddings in balloons and- other odd situations, but decent Austra lians havo hitherto regarded these freaks as :;, -H.'p of ;\ decadent' civilisation. Now Mr. William Anderson, who has groAvn prosperous as a theatrical manager in Australia, pro poses to reduc3 to a public travesty that which Christians regard as a. sacred ceremony. It is revolting to every person endowed with traditional respect for the marriage cere-' moriy-to find' this sacred institution of Chris tianity used as a common advertisement by an unscrupulous showman. The names of the parties to this disgraceful mockery are given as Miss Gertrude Derbidge, a dressmaker, and Mr. A. Victor Donahue, a grocer. The couple aro to be exhibited to a gaping crow) of alleged Christians assembled around tho grounds, and with the glare of coloured lights, a hired orchestra, and showy cos tumes, tho poor creatures who lend them selves to' the repugnant display will be united by the Christian minister. Talk of victims butchered to make a Roman ho.iday! Here wo havj.a sacrod institution dograded into a disgusting advertisement to put money in the pocket1 of a soulless showman. 