INFORMATIVE AND CONTROVERSIAL. A DANGER AHEAD AND A REMEDY. 'POR years past, and often with a soll tary voico, tho 'Sunday Times' has urged our need ot closer settlement and Increased immigration. Given sufficient timo, our present inhabitants would doubtless increase and populato Austra lia ; but there is the best of reasons for doubting that timo being allowed. To defend our heritage it is Imperative that wo develop our numbers and fighting power for that day ahead whon over crowded Japan or Germany knocks at our gate. It is satisfactory to noto that public opinion generally . now understands tho danger, and tho Stato Governments aro offering increased inducements to immi grants and settlors. So far, so good. But as regards land subdivision and settle ment, if it is to achieve tho end aimed at, a precaution of vital importance must bo taken. A handicap or restriction of somo kind must be provided to hinder the sub divisions being rejoined. That this con tingency is not remote, past experlenco testifies. N.S. Wales, for tho most part, has already been subdivided. Land Act after Land Act has been enacted with that direct object. To the small settlor all kinds of inducements havo been offered. Within a hundred miles of Sydney the parish maps show a multitude of small grants given away in tho old days ; yet to-day, whilo the grants and subdivisions, on tho map, are many, the owners aro few. And just what has happened beforo may be expected again unless a check is provided. While the good seasons last tho new sottlcrs will prosper ; but when in their usual course tho lean and drought years return, It is equally certain that many of theso settlers will bo tempted or forced to give up their holdings. Thon all the wearisome work of law-making and agitation will havo to be gone over again to drag tho people back to tho land. Tears ago the little poverty-stricken king dom ot Denmark faced this difficulty, and after subdividing its territory into living areas, passed laws to prevent their rejoin ing. The result has been to make Den mark, for its size, ono of the richest coun tries in tho world. Wo want that Danish law here in a modified form to suit our special conditions. Wo want it made very easy for any person to obtain a liv ing area of land ; and wc want it mado very hard or impossible for ono person to monopoliso large areas. But It may bo objected : If the large owner, having capital and brains, uses his large area to the best advantage, incidentally em ploying much labor, is that not better than a number of struggling settlers unable to farm properly or pay their way ? No. it is not, for the first object of our Stato Is to develop a rural population ; this more important ' . than developing our material resources. Tho poor French farmer has done far more with the land than the rich English landlord. The Eng lishman on tho soil has science, capital, the latest implements, but in most in stances he pays rent. The French pea sant has tho one advantage of ownership, and the general result for the nation is all in his favor. Tho, big landlord has depopulated vast areas In Scotland, Eng land, and Ireland ; ia parts of Victoria and N.S. Wales ho is doing tho same anti national work to- day. And while human nature and unchecked land hunger re main as they- aro the danger is over pre sent. Our present Reform Government, . If they mean their progressive legislation to: havo substantial results, should face this question without delay, and give us in suitable shape the Danish law checking the aggregation of land. — H.F. 