JJSXJEJjKSXATE ? NEW SOUTH WALES. SYJJNEV, Ainil 0. The (iU'simer K'kctra in crooning over (he bar nl 'J'artie, went nshoro on tho .-?jiit on Sunday. Xo inimcdi'ate danger in expected. i'aehengein were 'anded yUilerdiiy iu a lifeljoat. A niu.ifl meeting of the mines sit L'ouar coiulemiicd the action, of tho manager of the Chcrtiicy Coppw Mine. Tho meet ing upx-ointcd a deputation to OTiit upon line niaiisiyer oi uiv vj.ii--.ii. i.vuui, jiiu* ited. If the discharged m'en are not re instated, nil the employees in tho dis trict will eeube work on T'hniisdny. The Victorian Government's 'Uuide to Cntondiug Immigrants' extravagant ly advertise* Victoria an the 'hub of ?Au8tra.Ua.' Keeping systematic milking records i» ciini t ny into vogue in the I'ichmond an-l Tnwd districts. Already a large co-operative company has distributed 200 recording books. The North Coast C'o-opeiutivc Company whose pay cheque last month amounted to .£50,000, draws ite supplies from 1,200 farms, and giws direct employment of 81 worker*. The Marine Court found that the Xymborda-Hozolle collision, near- Port Stephens, in February last, was caused ny cno uciauir oi me cnxet oniucr oi the Xymbordn. - A now ciimpa'-y ihii*' acquired an area of laud at. Xewcaat'ic fur tliK- establifih mcut.of ismel ting and metuilurgical works. The. members of the New SoutHi Wales Chine* Anti-Opium League consider the Government is apathetic in the mat tor of . taking incii&u;'rcs to prevent opium emoking in. the Stntt. Kcgistrailion under ' the' Federal Arbi tration' Act has been refused tJie New South AViifcs branch of the. Boot Traffic Employees' Union. . Speaking at the ' School of Arts last, niglit to the Women's Progress Associa tioni Mr. Spenco, M.P., adiviscd women to become -.uchHectfi. A catalogue of browl mares, stal.lions, and racfc.borses was offered at Band'wick yesterday. A nuniiher - cf animate of racing families were . .exhibited, but there was not, much Remand for them. The prices obtained /wbrc given eluct antly. Ah offer of J2.500 guineas was refused for CoHarit, the owner having luted a reserve of 3,500 .guineas. -'The ?' 'Wtst Anstrallian Premier Olon. X. 3. Moore) has advised the Hon. J. H. Cnrruthors (Premier of New South Wales) that; he, is not 6ure that no will ?bo' able to lattend 'thb Premiere' Con feronco personally, but if he cannot, the' State will be represented by j-omu other Minister. ; ' ; iiiu: i-iini5i:er ior- ^vgriciiuTure jias* ro ceivbd a. cable 'ni.cfifij.Tgte ifrohi tho Agent-: General in. Iiondon,. dated Aipril 5,, which stated1 that New South Wales c3ii-iccst (butter- Was selling at !)7s. to 98s. per owt. : medium, at D4s toOCs. : and nn sal&d; at 08s. 'to 300s. Danish had come down in price, 'and was selling at 106s. 1--'lO8s. 