CABLE NEWS. Canada proposes preferential trade with Ttalv and Germany; Weiss (7000) beat Roberts (6190) on an oral billiard table. . ?' , Two Loudon policemen were jailed lor long terras for burglary. - 1 New Bayley's ' mines, with a capital oi 150,000, lias been registered. ^ Sir Kobert Alexander Baillie, formerly J Whourne. is dead, aged 48. Space in the Franco-British Exhibition Trill be allotted on November 30. A new Hamburg-American liner, of 4700 tons, is to have a speed of IS knots. jlr W. P. Schreiner, formerly Premier of* Cape Colony, is re-entering politics. Arrests in Germany disclosed exteusive sales of military documents to France. Halier Soedle, and .Co., bankers of Ham bur', failed for -£600,000 to ,£1,250,000. Tie Chinese Government excludes foreign capital intended for mines development. Six persons were killed by the derailment of an electric tram at Sowerby, Yorkshire. No recovery is possible in tLv- copper market until American conditions improve. A San Francisco crowd wrecked a Japan ese laundry. The police clubbed the whites. Twenty-one persons will be tried at Lyons (Fraace) for signing an anti-militariest pla C'9 Twenty-one workmen were drowned by the capsizing of a sailing vessel oft' Fin ^There were 8299 cases of cholera, 3995 of ? them fatal, in Russia during the last three months. ' Large blocks of railway shares were fever ishly sold in New York at the lowest price for years. Quebec will next year cclebrate the ter centenary of its foundation by Samuel de Champlain. Rudyard Kipling, at Toronto, said that West Canada should pump in immigrants from Britain. Tlie South African Cricket Association will invite an Australian Eleven to South Africa, in 1909. There is evidence that the railway dis aster at Shrewsbury was caused by failure of brake power. The Danish steamer Alfreder Laudsen was lost off the Scottish coast, and 20 of the crew were drowned. London 'Times ' says the Hague Peace Conference was a sham, and did little -good and much mischief. The Board of Trade will inquire into rocent railway accidents in England, which are cousidcred mysterious. Three mail sorters, a guard, and 15 other persons were killed by the derailment of an express at Shrewsbury (Eng.) ?? A Munich nurse- girl, aged 13, confessed to murdering six infants by sticking hatpins in their skulls because they cried. Eleven persons were drowned . through a train falling into a river in Spain, a bridge having been destroyed by floods. Explosions in three blasting powder mills in Indiana (U.S.A.) killed 40 persons, in jured 600, aud rendered 1200 homeless. Miss Lalla Miranda, the Melbourne soprano, made a . bit hit asGilda, in ' Rigo letto,' at Co vent Garden Theatre, London. Japan is building a destroyer of 1100 tons, 35 knot speed, and carrying one 5in., eight 4in. guns, and four torpedo tubes. The Independent Labor Party is promot ing the candidature of 1200 Socialists for the approaching municipal elections in Eng land. The express from Crewe to Bristol became derailed when rounding a curve, and 14 pople were killed including the driver and firemen. Siguor Marconi is transmitting press messages between the west coast of Ireland and Nova Scotia at an average speed of 30 words a minute. , ? : A seaquake between Hawaii and South Mexico on October 1G is believed to have been more intense than any of the recent gifiat earthquakes. 8 The Italian Government appropriated «Q,Q00 for survivors of Garibaldi's army ? oi 12,000. Applicants for relief already number 24,000. The death sentence is confirmed in the case of Dr. Carl Hau, an American, con victed of murdering his mother-in-law to obtain her fort-line. '.'??? ? - ' j The Newfoundland Premier is 'blamed for obstinately refusing to confer with - the British Colonial Secretary on the Newfound land fisheries dispute. The Lake View Consols Gold-Mining Co., ? 13 catling up unpaid capital amount- j j \° half to be paid in January! and half m July next. A statue worth ,£4000 was found in the I t!',ar, , Thomas, arrested for stealing uable objects from French churches. It Ws » a cask labelled rum': i c^(,US3el* Guilder is suing the Congo Free mnf damages for breach of T»fi i Chamber of Representatives Mused to grant the money. violent earthquake, supposedly some !? ^ie Southern Atlantic^ Ocean, was j.: , October 16 in America, Aus and the Isle of Wight. Parliamentary Commission ll» i glve Parliament direct control of a n f'°a'S develoP the Congo Free State, about to be annexed by Belgium . wwi. i^Ue Peace Conference adopted the tion fn i°r ,a Permanent Court of Arbitra jZ'J? f Wn as the Court of Arbitral court ' distinguish it from the present Kruger's grave at Pretoria till]*? j60 ' a bust of deceased being onJlia °Wn' ^'le t°mbstone and statuette damaged^^ S'ra^child were also thfpdr ^ar Secretary Taft in opening WoiiU „ 1p^me^.'^ssembly said the Islanders at Ipacf 'fitted for self- government for retain tv a.Senei'ation. The States would X ? J® 13lands soanlnv London, sta-nding on a an pnnr a w York, street, addressed broker- n IT cr°wd millionaires and do in wttn ,e question ' -What would Jesus M all- street?' ' Exchanrel ^'dell, of Melbourne Stock I tlie lirnw?' 1 n promised J 2-50, 000 for with 'electron S-:hAeme to suPP]y Melbourne 1eucrin„„.,. ^- -Approval of the electrical K tuTJ e^timates w a condition. Sepubfio ! e^n ^ie South African by a c,,vi : as °^ered at auction in London who was 7 f had got it from a Boer, Office hn a + i to bllr7 ifc- The Colonial petty. taken the seal, as Crown pro Mr. Keir Hardie discussed education and Indian Colonial emigration with _ the Governor-General of India (Earl of Minto). Edison has perfected a compact electric storage battery of almost unlimited capa city, which will place a motor-car within reach of everyone who now owns a horse. Otto Heinze and Co., of New York, col lapsed after failing to corner the United Copper Co.'s shares. . Heinze's State Sav ings Bank at Butte, the seat of the Great Anaconda Copper and Silver Mine, has also suspended. A wireless telegraph operator was found dead in the sending-room of a Massachu setts (U.S.A.) station. He had not touched the instruments, and is supposed to have been killed by the intensity of the electricity in the room. . The Calliope, which, . under Captain Kane, steamed out of Apia Harbor in 1889, through a hurricane that wrecked six other men-of-war in the harbor, will . be drill-ship for naval volunteers on the Tyne, north of England. Rand magnate Abe Bailey says that agri culture and mining are flourishing in the Transvaal, that native labor will gradually supersede Chinese, and that well-bred Aus tralian sheep, and English cattle and horses had proved a great success on his farm. The report of the Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance Company shows a profit ofg ,£164,826. A dividend of 5 per cent, and a bonus of 2J per cent, are recommend ed. A sum Of ,£25,000 is added to the re serve, and ,£74,826 is carried forward. Earl Carrington, President of the Board of Agriculture, said that -the proposal of Lord Newton and the Tories to create life Peers from colonial G'overnors, Noncon formist divines, Privy Councillors, litera.ry, artistic, and scientific mc-u, would convert the Upper House into a sort of menagerie of celebrities, or a glorified Athenaeum club. - 