AROUNI) TE GLOBE hews ik .nutshell . "Thus, we may see," quoth he, "ho who world wwv'—SHAKBSPBARHl ? population of Greater London 1« ' i Enormous coalfields have been discovered li Cape Colony.. . .. ' . L. , . . » . . » Members of the British rifle team were offi cially welcomed by the Mavor of Brisbane yesterday. . > , » , ; During the four weeks ended October 2 the Broken Hill Proprietary Company raised 46,-794 tons of ore. « The steamer Yongala, while proceedingi from Sydney to Brisbane on Sunday, struck) a large whale. , , JJ-\ Rev. Father O'Farrel.1' had one of hlsl thighs broken on Saturday at Cumnock In a' buggy accident. I «»«» I Queensland gold yield for last month WAR 39,861oz. line, a decrease of 6426oz, on that for September last year. »; While playing "catchers" at North (Manilla yesterday .afternoon, a man named I), Butler died from heart failure. OlJreiHeiita of the Maitland district state that they have not seen the district in such a dry state for the past 60 years. O V <1 - » _ « . At end of September 10,021 men were employed at tjie Broken HUl mines, an in crease of 77 during the three months. .»-.» V V ' E .Between 1400 and 1500 tourists from Sydney visited Stanwell Park yesterday. Large num- 'hers went to other Illawarra line stations. 4 ... A as occurred in Melbourne respect ing the appointment of a Deputy Postmaster- General In succession to Colonel Outtrlm. j A opTerenoe of delegates from all the State organisations Is being arranged by the Sydney Trades Council for early next year. « Colonel Stanley has selected Altona Bay. Melbourne, as a site cm which to establish works for Armstrong, "Whit- worth, and Co; Justlce Higglns began the hearing. In Melbourne yesterdnv of mo onnii«o>i... >». exemption from the excise duty, on agricul tural implements. , B . . » . ' <5(1. ,?£aVtr?Ijs oah,e inf collision at Stanwell Parle station on Saturday morning. Greasy rails, owing to the rain, are said-to have been the cause. » m srI. at Ssburg (S.A.) on Sa- tui day, Alfred Chapman, a young man, was stiuok dead by lightning. A horse he w.-s riding was also killed. 9 The new bow for the White Star liner Sue- 4 io, weighs 3000 tons, and Is 212ft, long.. It will be towed to London, and the uniting of the two parts will occupy a couple of months, » « 4 nrJn-l'L10 Prtsen eight New South Wales orchards have been quarantined by the Vic- itorian authorities for having supplied infei- force, "Ce the new r eS uf atl on s came in? o . , The Victorian State Cabinet yesterday re- ti hw « an e,5)plIcatlon for compensa M. Pascoe, tihe Bendlgo gold- buyer, whose- gold, valued at £0.700, vFaa sto len from the police lodge at the Mint some months ago, « ' Mr. Wade explains that the Stat© Ministry was not. represented at the Bight Hour ban quet owing to unforeseen circumstances. Mr. fc?, 5ave attended on their behalf. Mm. na.a «ui»u -awny on Siiurday. (his .return being unfortunately delayed. » m working to obtain the redress of their ma terial grievances, the main Inspiring motive was. to strengthen their arm and win Home Rule. \- . The National Liberal Congress, "sitting at Wiesbaden, Prussia, has recommended the further strengthening of the German fleet. It urged that the new vessels should be equal to those of other Powers In size, armament, and speed. The limit of service for battle ships should also be reduced. » Robert T. Wood, an artist, has been ar rested on a charge of having wilfully mur dered Emily Dlmmook at Camden Town. While setting up an alibi, he admits he wrote a postcard to the deceased making an ap pointment with her two nights before the tragedy. The Postmaster-General received further de putations yesterday from the associations re presenting branches of the post and -telegraph service regarding grievances. Mr, Mauger made sympathetic replies, and promised full consideration to the representations that had been made. »»»» A new agreement, settling the economic re lations between Austria nnd Hungary, has been arranged for a period of ten years. A commercial treaty has been substituted for the present Customs and Commercial Union. Hungary's contribution to the common ex penses of the monarchy has increased by 1 per cent , Owing to passive resistance by the Asiatics the Transvaal Government notifies that after November all Indians over 16 years of age without a registration certificate will be liable to arrest and deportation. It is fur ther notified that no trading licence will be issued after 1907 unless registration can be proved. «... A seml-ofllclally-lnsplred article In the' "Cologne Gazette" protests against the at tempt of a French paper to show that Ger many is unable to bear the cost of a war. The article says that a belief in the prepared ness for war Is essential to the support of peace, and any attempts to undermine It are. reprehensible. The article declares tliat the remarks of the French paper are baseless. The "Dally Chronicle" infers from Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman's Edinburgh speech that a dissolution will not occur In 1908. unless the Scottish Ijand Bills and the Ediira- j t»on jjtii art? nituisicu ur uvoirujtiUt j.nq statement regarding the resolution dealing with the relations of the two Houses being discussed pointed to a fourth session. «»»» A seaman, having drunk heavily, mistook the lay figure of a woman In a riding-habit In a draper's shop at Perth (W.A.), for' flesh ; and blood, and entered the premises at night." The proprietor found him sleeping on the. counter, peacefully, on Saturday morning. A considerable amount of money was on the .premises, but it had not been touched, The court allowed accused to go on paying the j actual damages (40s). \- » < . . » Yesterday was the sixth day of Mr. S. Kid- | man's horse sale at Kapunda (S.A.), at ; which 2000 are being offered. A total of 320 was sold within 43 hours, averaging 1,1 a minute, which fs a record for one day for , Australia. Of the animals sold 216 averaged 16 guineas, while the whole lot averaged £14 7s 6d; medium draughts to £37 10s, and shapely light stamps to £26 10s. »» The Victorian Chief Justice yesterday gcanted letters of administration to Annie C, Qulnllvan In her husband's estate. She is the widow of a Glppsland grazier, who was supposed to have been lost from the steamer Courier while she was coming up Hohson'a Bay. Deceased was In the habit of carrying his will with him, and as It could not be found it was surmised that It was lost with him. A draft showed that he left his estate to his widow and children. The death Is announced of Lord Brampton Mr. JuBtlco Hawkins), aged 91. . ' , A A school has been established at Berlin for iie thorough ' training of chauffeurs. Lord Coleridge has been appolntead a Judge »f the King's Bench Division of the High lourt of. Justice. ' » The mail steamer Orotava; which left Lon- ion-on August 23, has 22 nominated Immi grants for Queensland. » . ' At the end of the month the re-building of (lunylHumbah will "be In full swing. The town s full of carpenters and builders. » . » . » » A report from Penrith states that there_nre neither crops nor grass there, and that tne vater supply is fast giving out. » i A storekeeper near Bunbury (W\A.) was (ounu ana gagged ana robbed of at oy wo ji-med men early on Sunday mowing. For the first session of the Hawkeibury term t rural camp schools the boys from tfie New- xstle and Sydney schools leave to-morrow. ;Jamcs Moore, 65, was killed a£ Cargo on ibtu'rday. The old man was working In a 'aim when It fell in, and. practically burled Im alive. ' p m Japan Is unfavourable . to , the, revision of )e Canudlun treaty, and prefers to adiplnls- latlvely check the rush of Japanese across io Pacific. I » (Sir W. P. Treloar, Lord Mayor of London, hd the Sheriff, welcomed the members of ie Paris Municipality as the guests of the lty Corporation. I . »«»» iThe rains of Saturday and Sunday were eavler In the north-eastern corner of the ,tote than 1ft any other "part; At Waloha he foil was 105 points. « > i Mr. Wade, the Premier, has decided to ransfer the headquarters of the State Go- iernment from the Treasury to the Attor- :ey-General's Department. I j The Premier hopeB, in reply to Sir Wl'-Mam iyne's compliments, that the Common-wealth '/111 not cause' relations with New South Vnlpa tn ho fnphhor cf rfrlnAd. ,, — — .«« .Mr. W. Sand, ford, of the Llthgow iron works, expresses himself as confident that he jvlll be able to hold his own if rival Iron works be started In Victoria. | j Hundreds of people are searching orv the (Jreait South Beach, Long Island, New York, for! treasure supposed to have been burled , there by 'Captain KIdd, the famous pirate. » Miss 'Lillian M liter, of Baltimore, Mary- and, who. was married at title age of 15 and livorced at 17, has just been married again !.o- Mr. Louis Saylor, after two weeks' free dom. . f » ' » .. Owing to trouble between' the Spanish and Italian- labourers on the Isthip'an Ganal, the ! 'authorities contemplate reopening 'the nego tiations abandoned by Sir A. Swettenham for recruiting Jamaicans. The Paris "Matin" has received a telegram from Turin stating that Cardinal Merry del Val will probably resign his post as Papal Secretary of State, In order to succeed Car dinal Resplghl as Papal Vicar in Rome. »»» The Kalserln has been so much pleased with a boy's tailent In modelling a dog's head that she told his father, the foreman of the majolica factory she visited, that she would In' future take eharae of and Day for the boy's artistic training. « » . » » JprxstffmqJP.eBfi.rt,ment at Brisbane _ has Lord Meath's "Empire" Cup, wKlch .was" won ;by a Brisbane boy, but which has to be sent back to England next year, may be admitted free of duty. The old- fashioned licking of the school slate and wiping It off with tihe sleeve are passing away. At the Milton (N.Z.) High School the slate-rags are dipped in a solution of Jeyes's fluid, and the desks are washed down with the same preparation. One of the many theories advanced In ex planation of the late accident at Moranding (Vie.), whereby Driver Duke and Fireman Cherry were killed, Is that the rails were too light to carry the heavy type of engine used in drawing the goods trains, « » Twenty-eight shearers and shed hands at Canowle, South Australia, .were, taken ill on 'Sunday after eating pressed beef add stewed fruit. A medical man from Jamestown pro nounced the men to- be suffering from pto maine poisoning. An investigation is to be held. » The Federa'.-Houlder-Shlre liner Banffshire, from London, reached Hobson's Bay last evening. Captain "Wallace reports an. excit ing experience on September 1 In 43J south and 120 east. Out or a threatened disturb ance a thunderbolt struck the water in the vessel's vicinity. » » » John D. Rockefe/ller has had Installed in his Cleveland house the most complete bur glar alarm system In the world. As If this were not enough. Rockefeller sleeps In a room on the .top. floor, t'he only entrance to which is through several other rooms In which trusted lieutenants are stationed. Three armed men patrol the grounds at nlBht . , f A remunerative pastime lndtilged in by. small boys In. Invercanglll (N.Z.) is that of 'finding" golf balls. Of late the said small boys have adopted some of tne methods of highwaymen, picking up or treading a heel on any .balls that happen along, Irrespective of whether the owners are near or not. 'I he Incentive to the practice is the probable re ward from .the i«Je of tne c<u..s tu o.uo members. »» One of the men from the steamer Putlkl had a rather sensational experience at tbe cattle wharf, Westiport (N.Z.). Ho got into a pen in which there were two bullocks Just, lauded. . and one of thepn rushed an£ threw L4>« nitno IiIctVi funna Inlft attAfVlAl1 Ifin fllU UtCl I'UC lilt) it AVIIOW »» IV «»V»MVI , g « ed with cattle. He quickly picked himself uip. and scrambled over tbe fence, and found that, beyond ripped clothing, and a few bruises, he had escaped injury. . » » The first collision recorded between a ship and a train has occurred at Pound Creek, on ,the way from Newport to EUzabethport, New Jersey. As a train carrying a thousand ex cursionists was dashing at 40 miles an hour along the trestle track across the creek a gigantic jnud scow, borne by the flood tide, swept against It with a terrific thud, tearing away the footboards and smashing every window of tbe nine carriages. But for the fact that the scow was sent slightly back wards by the force of the Initial Impact, nothing, the driver says, could have saved the train from being upset and thrown Into the creek. ' . . . . The greatest gift you can make a blind man is the ability to earn his own living. Denmark extemds that boon to the halt and maimed, as well as to the blind, A work man crippled In a Danish factory knows pre cisely wha/t tip do. He goes to the School, tor Disabled Workers, and leams to support himself without the lost arm or leg or lin ger, as the case may be. The sohool has made an exhaustive 'study of trade chances for crippled folk: It prpvldes tools, food, medicine, and free orthopaedic treatment for its, unfortunate pupils, buys their work as poon as "it Is saleable, and, once they, know a trade, finds them positions. 