LONDON TABLE CAPE. (From our own Correspondent.) London, September 20,1907. The Bery Commercial Traveller. A very interesting note on the commercial traveller in South America is supplied by the British Consul at Pernambuco, in Brazil. Advocating the extended em Sloyment by British firms of properly quali ed representatives, he remarks "It 13 of great importance that they should be of agreeable manner and presence, -which quail nations possess here a value far beyond what is usually attached to them in order nary matters of business. Mere boys come here as travellers and do astonishingly well, principally from the fact that they are cheery, good-humored, and self-confident while older, more reserved, and experienced men of business have frequently to be content with a far smaller share of the business for which they are competing. The importance of establishing personal friendly relations with buyers here cannot be over- stated; travellers have come here on apparently hopeless errands, trying to push business that has already been adequately and satisfactorily established and yet have gone away with good orders and a new connection on a firm basis." Desire to be Buried with a Mare. Mr. John Francis Wiseman, of Eastcote House, Towcester, Northamptonshire, formerly of the 2nd Dragoon Guards, who died on May 7, and left estate of the gross value of £14,443- expressed the following desires: That his remains should be buried in Hartwell Churchyard, if it be not possible to bury them among the gorse bushes at Eastcote, and if this latter be possible, ' no clergyman is to assist at the trial, and his bay mare is to be buried near him. Otherwise his bay mare "Dolly Varden," is to be shot, and buried in the paddock at Eastcote, but her face and one of her feet are to be put in his coffin, as also one of "Nancy Lee's" feet. Quick Breaelmaking. 2 2\. A feat just performed in Lincolnshire of transforming wheat into bread in four hours the other day is not in any sense a record." It has been beaten at least twice within the last few years. On Whitehouse Common, near Erdington in Warwickshire the same feat was accomplished in three hours and a half about six years ago. But this was a dilatory perfor I mance compared with that which took place shortly afterwards on Mr. Taylor's farm at Blockley, in Worcestershire. Reaping began on a field of wheat at 9 o'clock in the morning. Some portion of this was carried to the farmer, threshed, and winnowed. It was then taken to the mills, deaned, ground, and dressed. The flour was then carried to the bakehouse, made into bread, [baked, and some of it taken to the reapers and eaten in just 60 minutes after it had fallen. A "Birkenhead" Survivor. Attention has been recently directed to the loss of the troopship'Birkenh'a*! off the South African coast by the reproduction of a somewhat similar incident in the current Drury Lane Drama. It is interesting to note that Captain G. A. Lucas, for many years resident magistrate of Durban, Natal, and now retired on pension in this country, was one of the few who gets ashore from the wreck. He was a young ensign at the time of the disaster. , . . A Freak Apple Tree. Recording to the "Tribune" New York correspondent, "Mr Luther Burbank, the Californian horticulturist, has presented to Stanford University 73 varieties of apples grown on a single tree. The collection includes large, small, sweet, and sour specimens of various colors." 1 Boy with the Sixth Sense." The "Daily Telegraph" Copenhagen correspondent tells a strange story of the efforts made to recover a little girl named Gudrun, who suddenly disappeared from Christiania, and whose playfellow says was carried off by gipsies. A vain search for the child has been made throughout Nor- way, but high hopes are now entertained of finding the band and recovering the kidnapped child by aid of the famous visionary from Sing as, known as the boy with the sixth sense. He declares that he is" now able to 'feed where the gipsies' with little Godrun are staying, and mentions the environs of Nordre Gueddalen. Bands of armed men with the boy at their head are now scouring the place, and the country round, and are firmly convinced that they are on the gipsies' track." 2 The Birth-rate of the French Canadians. The report that the birth-rate of the French Canadians in Montreal is 47.66 per 2300 with (the Manchester, Guardian" remarks not surprise anyone who has studied the increase of this hardy little people' in recent years; When Quebec fell into the hands of the British nearly 160'years'ago, there were some 60,000 French Canadians living in scattered Communities on the banks of the St. Lawrence. Now there are 1,700,000 more than 28 times that number. This great increase is said both by French and English to be due only to the natural fecundity of the race. In the 20 years between the census of 1881 and that of 1901 the increase of the English-speaking people of Canada was about 20 per cent. Thousands of immigrants had poured into the country from Europe and the United States during this period. The French, who had received practically no fresh j accessions from without, had increased by nearly 28 per cent. < ' ' Budapest Waiter's Revenge. Even in Hungary one must pay the ut- most attention to small things. This Mr. Forster, the owner of one of the largest restaurants in Budapest, now fully realises. The piccolo (small cigarette boy) having complained to him that the food was bad the proprietor replied that if he was ena satisnedne had better find another place. Immediately the boy communicated the facts to the secretary of the Waiters' Association, who came down and said that if Mr. Forster did not apologise to the boy he should proclaim a strike. The apology not being forthcoming guests were left to their own devices, and it was interesting to see the people waiting on themselves. While the commotion was in progress the proprietor's son rushed in a cab to a neighboring cafe and borrowed some" waitresses, and in half an hour affairs went more smoothly, Not to be done the waiters hit upon a novel plan of revenge, j. Early in the morning they assembled in force outside the restaurant, and directly the doors were opened rushed in in a body and seated themselves at the tables, occupying every available seat and space. It was evident that every man meant, war. They ordered nothing, and allowed no one else to do so. Then the police were called in, and eventually the place had to be closed, for several waiters were successful in distributing some vile smelling chemical, which would not admit of even the waiters remaining long in the place. The Drug Craze. Speaking at Llandudno the other day Sir James Crichton Browne said a food habit more dangerous than the occasional consumption of alcohol was the surreptitious consumption of drugs. K There was an extensive and extending trade now being carried on in certain parts of this country in lozenges which 'contained a drug which ought never to be taken without medical advice, and which must be pernicious it taken habitually or in excess. These lozenges, he believed, were largely consumed, not for their medicinal], but for their intoxicating properties. They were called linseed, liquorice, and chlorodyne lozenges. He had analysed many of these lozenges More than the minimum dose of chloroform was contained in them, while six times the maximum was contained in 100 lozenges of the strongest kind. He was assured that as many as 100 were sometimes consumed by one woman in a day. She had quite recently bought at two small confectioners' shops 1 lb. at a time;-equal-to 216 lozenges. She had, therefore, been supplied with nearly two fluid drachms of chloroform in combination with the other ingredients of the lozenge, and no questions asked. It seemed to him that the indiscriminate sale of these sweetmeats should be put a stop to. He could not but think that the trade in them was contrary to the provisions of the Pharmacy Act. Man's "Double Life." A story of a "double life." led by an American, which was revealed only by the hand of death, is told in "Truth" in "Madge's" letter to its readers. This gentleman crossed to Europe on business, leaving his wife in America. While travelling in France he was among these- times of a terrible railway accident. Be- side his body in the mortuary was placed the body of another victim, a handsome woman, whose satchel contained some of his visiting cards. The authorities,' suspecting nothing irregular, cabled to the family in America to inform them of the two deaths. The widow cabled back merely ordering them to send his body to the States for burial. A second cable was accordingly sent from France to say that a lady had been travelling with him, that one of his cards was found upon her, and that her bag contained letters signed with his name. A description of the lady and the name written on envelopes in her bag were also wired across the ocean. Prompt was the reply to this. The authorities were instructed to bury the husband at once, in France, but nothing was said about the unfortunate woman. They were buried 'in French graves, side by side. Then the sad story came out. 'This woman," says "Truth," had been a life long friend of the bereaved family. No one dreamed of anything between the two, but the facts pointed to a carefully arranged meeting in Europe. The letters from Mr found among her belongings afterwards fully proved that the liaison had been going on for years. What a revelation for the widow!" How Monaco Boards Out its Criminals. It has been already pointed out that by a special convention between Monaco and France the French penitentiary authorities execute the sentences passed by the tribunal of the principality. Hence a person sentenced to imprisonment or penal servitude by the Monaco tribunal serves his term in a French prison, or is deported to Cayenne, the Prince of Monaco paying - £24 annually for his keep understudy. As yet no prisoner has been sentenced to death by the Monaco Court of Justice. The "Figaro," however, points out that it is by no means improbable that Mr. and Mrs. Goold, if found guilty, will be condemned to death, and it is equally probable that Prince Albert of Monaco, in view of public feeling throughout the principality, may decide to allow the law to take its course. If such an eventuality were to arise M. Dribler,-1 the French executioner, would be summoned, and would repair with the guillotine to Monte Carlo, for after the President's decision to reprieve Soleil and it is hardly probable that the execution could take place on French territory. Attempts to Break Rain-Clouds by Gun Fire. The weather cannonade, which had for some years been carried on in Windisch Feistritz, in Austria, and in Canegliano.ân the province of Venice, have now, says "Engineering," been abandoned as useless. There are certain well-known thunderstorm and hail tracks; and it was thought that if guns were discharged on the approach of thunderclouds, these clouds would dissolve into rain before they reached the vineyards and other valuable crops which the cannonades were to protect. The guns were either arranged fr i rows at' right angles, to, the track, and thus parallel to the wave-front, or along the track. The French Government, i a few years ago, at any rate, supported these experiments by supplying the gunpowder at a reduced A rate, i In j the two places mentioned, however, these weather cannonades have finally been given up. At Feistritz guns and mortars were used; at CanegUano experiments . were also >/. tried with rockets and bombs, which were further supposed to shake the > atmosphere when the rain-clouds threatened to sweep away without giving any rain, it is not > easy to settle whether or not such remedies are effectual, as too much: depends upon accidental circumstances; but Jean term the well-known meteorologist, is convinced of their uselessness. or *.. <l 6-1 The Piano,' in America.' i! An interesting, bulletin on the Manufac- ture of Musical Instruments has just been issued by the U.S. Census Bureau. It appears that the annual product of this in dustry in America has risen from 48 mile lion dollars in value in 1900 to 60 million dollars in value in 1905. The total number of upright pianos of 1005 relate was 251,957. with an aggregate value of 37 million dollars, being more than six times the value of the organs manufactured during the same year. The most rapid growth has been in mechanical piano player and piano playing attachments, the production having advanced from 607,873 dollars in 1900 to 12.029,754 dollars in 1905. For the first time the manufacture of piano and, organ; materials is recognised in the statistics as a distinct branch of the musical instruments industry. Hattam Craze. k' Many and grotesque shapes has the hat. pin assumed during its evolution, but never, i Surely, stranger than its very latest. At a <?' fashionable West-End house, a Morning. A Leader" representative, 8 day or two aged noticed a velvet cushion studded with hair pins, each of which bore in imitation animal's head covered with fur. 4 Animals heads on muffs and stores have been unpleal . want enough to look upon, but apparently a -we are to be threatened with views of, ?. glass beady eyes staring at us from ladies' hats this winter whenever I (me moves " abroad. July tufts JOS squirrel, marten, 3 and mink are employed in the manufacture of these barbaric ornaments, and, our re. presentative was told that a ready market J hat-pin would cost a few pence oTOShalfv , a crown. An imitation one would becomes yours for about half that sum. ray ', ' to, the Poor Indians.' <-.-?"?'.. a lecherous sight ocemrre'3''''durihçviKb<' preliminary investigation of a case at the ' Ifcsehuibo Criminal Sessions, at British ~ Guiana. All the native witnesses succeeded in getting some wearing apparel says one,, " who could procure nothing except a change 'ney-pot hat and an "umbrella. 'He^^nôiV-j ever, was equal to the occasionally walked into court with his hat'Cmpiand^thlt.-um- - brella open over his head. -The effective; may be supposed, was decidedly, peculiar! but the child i of the. woods cooUy«Jook£hiH7<,; seat- on a bench in court, and-kept his arms - brella open all the time. I q s-," £-.«;* r Bussi*in^Savagery¿v^;/^'r^,L-' The celebrated Danish author, Herman,.; Bang, who is a personal ''friénd^ofith*»,* Dowager Empress of Russia, published in the semi-official CoperiJiagen'/'papte/l^>SU>iE»<.rJ ibèrihaunj"'ah- account of t'the'^latèm-.«'«.«T««T« (tions that have taken, place m'^t»ftta4^Soi<p the rel&biUtry;'Sôfr.'thè'Stàtem ' article the : author makes' Mmsdf:àbBV)lutdy.'# responsible.'' interstate tbAt^t''wéek>3«OT3|¡! Itical.'crmiiïhdsîareVto ^.'tíxecítell^aSÍ in." order.' to,; Svíé'iexp^n^fci'HeSman^ ; alsop: Lives terrible. detam.^o£"*otl«*y«&i; ties that j jire/beihglpractij^-p'InproaSag the suppression of popular :movemèht»?-T ái-ticlé;.»-stated <to,->biwi*äfäfu^aßj$b pression onJthe:riówa^OT"Emp^»fríthdíff 