QTJEENSLAOT) NEWS. [By Telegraph.] BRISBANE, November L The Full Court delivered judgment to day in the Geraldton appeal case under tie Woikers Compensation Act, holding that the cage most go back to the magistrate for rehearing and dismissing tlie appeal. The revenue of Queensland for October wa.1 £331,441. This is an increase;- *s com pared with 41ie corresponding month of last year, of £27,218. The principal in creases were :— Territorial, £7000 : rail ways, £29^02. The amount received from the Commonwealth showed 2 decrease of £11263. The expenditure was £237,130, or £21,739 more than in October, 1906. The revenue for the foor months ended yesttrday was £1,550.090. This is an increase of ' £123.999. The principal increases were :— Taxation. £1611 : terri torial, £16,164: railways, £117,483. Other reeeints showed a. decrease of £12467. The expenditure was £861,554, an increase of ££7,154. The principal in creases were — Home Department, £17,499; Lands Department, £13,255. A party of three settlers from tie Taranald district of New Zealand, said to represent 500 others, was in Brisbane to day with a view to obtaining information about land settlement. -The vieilor* -haxe gone to the Degilbo district to look at die scrnb country there. BRISBANE, November 2. The Legislative Assembly sat until eight o'clock on Saturday morning, by which time the whole of the Estimates of the Home Secretary's Department had been-put through. BRISBANE, November 4. The Elections Tribunal concluded the hearing of the Charters Towers election petition to-dav. The assessors found that Messrs. W. J~. Paull and J. MUliean were duly elected and returned. The petitioner was ordered to 'pay the coats. Notice of appeal was gii-en. Mr. T. W. Bouchard, M.L.A.. has received, official notification from the Danish Go-_ vcrnment of his appointment as consul. There are indications that the railway policy of the Government will include the' construction of a rxanch line from Kil larney. Junction to Maryvale, in the War wick district, along what has long been known as the . via recta, route On Satur day last the Commissioner - -for Railway? (Mr. J. F. Thal]on),.?rith the officer in charge of surrers, wenUhOrer this route and the proposed Swan Creek route. Mr. jhallon will report the. result of his jour ney to the Minister for Railways (the Hon. G. Kerr). A proposal to establish electro)vtic smelting works vt Pinkenba has been sub mitted to the Government. It is under stood that Captain G. A. Richards, General Manager cf tile Mount Morgan Goldmin ing Company, is negotiating with the Go vernment in this matter on behalf oi a company in which the Mount Morgan Com pany is interested. Nothing definite appears to have been decided. In connection whh the matter of the new mail contract and as to whether Brisbane will be a port of call, it is interesting to recall that at present Brisbane is visited bv five steamers of the Canadian-Pacific -A1I-Rod) Line at regular intervals. In the projHJsal submitted by the Prime Minister of Canada - the Right Hon. Sir Wijfrid Lanrier) to the British (Govern ment. Brisbane i-= ignored in favour of Auckland (Sew ZoaUnd). Figures gi\ing the distance? of the routes show that the total distance from Vancouver (British Columbia) to Svdner via Auckland is 7550 miles and via Brisbane GSIO mi!es A peculiar position arose with regard to an interpleader co^fi wliicli came before Jlr. Justice Real in the Supreme Court this morning. Under ordinary circmu slasccs the Judge sitting would* have been (he Chief Justice (Sir Pope Cooper) : but lie was engaged in die Elections Tribunal, and Mr. Justice Beal lind conscntej lo tiike the fir^t case for liim. It Iiappened, lv.u-ex-er, tlir.t the firet cose on Ute list was not pmeecdrd with; and tite next case wa? an interpleader issue in which the Cliisi Justice had already been concerned to some extent. Tlie is-^ue for .trwl was one of niixed fact and law. As counsel (Mr. H. IT. Henchman) was uuikiiig his openini! address it oceiured to His Honour tliat cuiiiplications luight ari^e if there was an op]K-aL ^ I am inclined to put tliis ca.se at the bottom of the list.' said Hi* Honour, *? in order that ihe Chief Justice nay try it.' Counsel looked surprised. ' You beej** continued Hi* Honouj , ' if tbere is an appeal from me 1 c.tnnot sit and neither can the Chief Justice becaase the inle s,its that no Judge concerned in an issue shall siL' Counsel ou the other side (Mr. C. SUimm) urged tliat as tin? Tritnesscs in the care had come from Char ters Towers, great expense anil iiiconveiii ence woiud be caused if the case were put at the bottom of tlie list because they might be kept waiting about for days anil days. ' Well.'' said His Honour, - if there is an appeal two of us cannot sit ; but, I'-eihaps. you want to get rid of ns.' Still, the Act says- tlicre mnst be three Judges ou appeal, and if two of us cannot sit, there are not enough left to^ -cozLstitutc the Oourt. Of course there cfin bo a scnit-:Ii Full Ccnrt. for that lias become the fashion nowadays.' His Honour added that ho liked to let -«un.«el understand tlie posi tion ; but, under tlie circums tances, ' h^ would go on wiih the case. llr. Stumm aaid that the i-poct of the matter raised I:y His Honour luid not stnick him. ' It is' one of tlie difliciilties of tlic present state of affcirc,' said His Honour. BRISBAKE, Kovember 5. The Under-Sccretarv to the CJiief Secre tary's Department (Sir. V. J. MDermott) lias received information that the steamer Ophir left London on the 20th of Septem l-er with' fiity-two nominated immigrants, one assisted immigrant, and three who are paying their own passage. The statement that Mr. G. A. Richards, was negotiating with the Government in regard to the establishment of electro lytic- smelting works at Pinkenba. was eon firmed to-day/ by the Premier, who raid that negotiations were now proceeding be tween the Government and persons submit ting the proposal- He expected some defi nite conclusion to be arrived at within a day or two. BRISBANE, Kovember 7. \- I3u- field of gold in October was 38.311 fine ounces as compared with 48,472 oz. ia October, 1900. The value of the gold won was £162,733, a decrease of £43,107 as compared with- ihe corresponding month of last year. Captain G. A. Kichards was in Bris bane to-day en route from Sydney to Mount ~ Morgan. He was inter viewed as to the probability of Pin kenba being chosen as a site for a re* £nery by. the Electrolytic Refining Com pany of Australia in preference to Port Kembla, K«v . South Wales, where the companv decided some time ago to estab iisK its works. He dealt exhaustively with the question of the establishment of a copper refinery in ;he Coimnonwcaltii, em phasised its importance in a copperproduc ing country like Australia, and exphunc-i the position in which tlie company was placed ; but while he dwelt on the diffi culties with which the company is meeting in connection with its negotiations fur a site at Port Kembla, and explained that, on the other hand, .the Queen^and Govern ment had rocst. readily met the company KerrjL'lfr^Triy^bMi^MHiiled put that'tiiepB were many claims for increased ra3wav station accommodation from the various . - parts of the state; but he would consult-' the Commissioner for UaUwayg (Mr. J. F. ThaUon) with reference to the request of ' the deputation and i-ommunicate with it' ?'»'-?: later: '.- Mr. 1L J. R. Woods, if-LA, has re- :1: ceived a largely-sinned application from the '-'v * miners of Woothakata, urging the Oj vemment to assist them, under the Mining Machinery Advances Act, to erect a smel- - ? ter at Mareeba- The. signatories express ' ' ? - ' themselves as prepared to find £1000 to- .'' wards the cost of the smelter, the total cost of which is estimated at £3000. The ' ';; application Ba» been presented bv Mr. Woods to the Mines Department, 'and a report is beiii^ obtained oh the proposal. * Mr. G. K. Bcal. inspector of the Audit - : Department, has been appointed accoun tant of the Trci.surv Deuartment in tut- ?' cession to Mr. W. ll Fov. !-.?=. ; Sir. A. G. Melville, Acting Clerk of . Petty Sessions at Iongrcach, Ipas Leett ap pointed to act as K£-ristntr of the Dis trict Court, High Bailiff, and District P.e cciver in Insolveucv at Ijonjireach duriii-r the absence on leave for eight weeks from -: the 17th of DecenUjer next of Mr. W. Bur rowes, Police Magistrate there. TOOWOOXfBA, November ?!. . !? To-day was the opening dav of the Too- : woomba annual festival — the Austral. A comparison cf tlie musical enuies shoe's ' , thai this vear there are GSS asi compaj'ed with 398 last year. BOXDABERG, November 4. In the last two days petitions have been \- in circulation among the fannerg'ior. prc eentatian to Ihe Legislative Council, es presane appreciation of the. action of the J Souse in connection with Uie exc7osion of agficliltiHBl 3na : -oairviag indtistries from the provisions of the Wages Board Sill and emphaasiBg tic aecessUrr for. protecting the interests of the -producers when.the bill ? & returned by the House maintaining ils ? attitude. - ' ? ! LONGEEACH, November 0. 2n Ihe veil, which is being deepened at Hanaro a splendid mpplv of -water has been shock at 200ft. At'tlw lowest esti * mate, the snpplr is equal to 20,000 gallons' per diem. ,_, 