SUMMARY OF CABLE NEWS. LONDON, October 16. Bishop Ingram, Anglican Bishop of London, standing on a soap box, addressed an enormous crowd, including millionaires, financiers, and stock brokers, near Walll-street, New York, taking for hi? text, " What would Jesus do in Wall street ?' Mr. Augustine Birrell, Chief Secretary for Ireland, has refused to accede to the demand of the Irish Party for a special inquiry into the explosion which took place at Glenahiry Lodge, Lord Adhtown'g shooting seat, in County Galway, on Aug ust 14. He states, however, that a special inquiry under the Explosive Substances Act might possibly be useful later. It is announced that the once famous cruiser Calliope, which has been out of commission for some time past, is to be stationed on the Tyne as a drill ship for naval volunteers- Wouters Dustin, a builder in Brussels, 4s suing the Crown Domain of tiho Congo Free State, claiming £240,000 damages, on the ground that he was commissioned to Wild a Qong-o museum, an overseas museum, and other buildings at Laeken, Tervueren. and Ostend, one being con nected with the Royal Palace, The Bel gian Chamber of Deputies declining to grant the necessary moneys, the work was suddenly stopped. The New Bayley's^vMines^ Western Australia, .^th, <a. JcaWty)T'Saf £50,000, lias been jregisjpMC"'' "^C< f O The marabout fitajeh'a has placed MOO/ horsemen at tnf «.4isp^ti|Qpfj (General. Drude, the Frenqh 'Oo^nuhancier Mat T?ai^ blanca, for the pX^Jbs^oX^coejcci?y^t^u Chamuia tribesmen. % v«\ /' •:■.* ''Zr LONDO« > J0 < ifli*ftf: " Queen Victoria's Letters," which have just been published in London, show that in 1861, at the instance of Lord Palmer ston, the Queen remonstrated with the " Times" for constantly attacking every thing PruHttian, including the Divine right of Kings. In reply, Mr. Delane, the then editor, promised to give Prussia a respite from '' tliat moat cruel of all iuflictions, good advice." . The Parliamentarj* Committee of the Trade Union Congress has expressed hearty and entire sympathy with the Bri tish railway men in their demands, and throws upon the railway directors all re sponsibility for the paralysis of trade and dangers to travellers that may occur aa the result of a strike. A reassuring official statement was made in the Austrian Reichsrath regarding the health of the Emperor Francis Joseph, but it was admitted that it will be some time before the effects of his illness dis appear. Canada contemplates entering into pre ferential trade arrangements with Italy and Germany, and the latter is willing to withdraw the present surtax on Cana dian goods, and meet Canada half-way, if the Canadians so desire. Italy recently appropriated £40,000 for the benetit of the survivors of tlie Gari baldian army, but although this army originally numbered only 12,000 men, there are already 24,000 applicants. Owing to a railway bridge between Berga and Manresa, in Spain, haviDg been destroyed by floods, a goods train was precipitated into the river, and eleven persons drowned. In opening the first Legislative Assembly of the Philippine Idands at Manila, the Hon. W. 11. Taft denied empirically that the United States had any intention of disposing of the Philippine??. Four deaths liave occurred as a result oi tfl) thn tram accident at Sowerby Bridge, where an electric tram left the rails and dashed into a house. Japan is .building a torpedo boat de stroyer of 1100 tons displacement, with a speed of thirty-fire knots an hour. She will be armed with one sin. and eight 4in. guns, and will have four torpedo tubes. Mr. W. Waldorf Astor has promised 'to give a second £10,000 to the Oxford University fund (for which an appeal for £250.000 has been made by Lord Curzon, Chancellor of the University) when £100,000 has been subscribed. The Aah'jurto'n collection of pictures lias been sold 'to a Bond-street syndicate for £150,000. LONDON". October 18. A majority of the delegates to the con ference of shipping federations in London are in favour .of forming an international strike fund, and for laying up all vessels in the port affected by a strike, instead of importing strike breakers. Two London policemen have been sen tenoed to long terms of imprisonment for burglary. Latest reports regarding the illness of the Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria state that his general condition is now Ices satisfactory. Haller, Soehle, and Co., a Dutch bank ing firm, have failed, with liabilities stated at from £600,000 to £1,250,000, and the Hamburg Bourse is excited in consequence of the failure. Several arrests in Germany for espion age have revealed the existence of a very extensive system' of selling to France military documents in connection with various .places. The Peace Conference at The Hague, at a plenary bitting, has voted the " acte final," enumerating thirteen conventions and one declaration. A resolution was also approved indicating the direction in which it is desirable the Powers shoidd work in order to achieve important aims which were partly discussed by the Con ference without definite results. Signor Marconi is now transmitting Press messages by wireless telegraphy be tween Clifton, in Comwniara, on the West Coast of Ireknd, ftnd Glace Bay, in Nova Scotia, at an average rate of thirty words per minute. The new system is not yet open for private messages. Ida Schnell, a nursegiri. aged 13. at Munich, in Bavaria, has confessed to hav ing murdered six infants by sticking lu?ir pins into their skulls because their crying troubled her. Two Bed Indians, chiefs of the Salteaiix tribe in the north-west territory of Canada, lhave been convicted of strangling and burning sick and ustdewi tribes men. One of the chief* strangled him* self during the trial, and the other has been sentenced to death by hanging. A wireless telegraph iop?-raltor wag found dead in the sending roT>m at We4lfle?t, Massachusetts. The position in which he Jay showed that toe had not touched the instruments. There were indications that he had succumbed to a shock through t lie intensity of the electricity in the room. The South African Cricket Association has Tesolved to invite an Australian cricket team to vU.it South Africa in 1901). Conditionally upon the ?Htima>tes of the electrical engineer being approved, Mr. MendeU has been promi*e.l £250.000 for the brown coal aelieme for the supply of electricity to Melbourne- The Dominion Government steamer Arctic has returned to Quebec after plant ing the British flag on several islands and headlands in Northern water**. ' According to a message from Pretoria, General Botha, the Transvaal Premier, declares that Asiatic immigration is one of the gravest dangers of the Transvaal. LONDON, October 19. Lord Carrington, speaking at Great \ar jnouth, caW that Uie proposal of Lord New-ton and the Tories to create life peers {from colonial Governors, Nonconformist divines, &c;, would convert the House of Lords into a sort of menagerie of cele brities or a glorified Athenaeum Club. The Ottawa correspondent of the "Lon don Daily Telegraph" states that it i? probable that hw Majesty the King will be represented at the Canadian tercenten ary celebration* in 1908. The Emperor of Austria, who*e health is causing anxiety, passed a retstleas night on Thursday. A later message, however, states that his appetite is good and that the catarrh is diminishing, while he ha«j no fever. The railway companies in Great Britain, in anticipation of a strike, are preparing a strike time-table. Mr. Lloyd-George, President of the Board of Trade, has in vited the managers of-the principal com panies to confer with him privately. The Great Western Company is asking its clerks if they will remain loyal, and if they will accept work outelde their grade. The grave of Oom Paul Kruger at Pre toria has been desecrated and a bust over thrown. It id suspected that an attempt was made to steal the bust and hold it for a reward. The grave of Kruger*a grandchild in the same ptot waa slightly damaged. The " Times" considers The Hague Peace Conference a sham, and says it has done little good and a considerable amount of mischief. It warns the Government not to ratify the International Prize Court proposals until sure of England's position. The " Economist" complains that the Australian Navigation Bill may become prohibitive to certain British vessels call ing at Australian ports. It adds that the first step towards a bond of Imperial unity commercial or political—is the unifica tion of merchant shipping laws. A soldier vr\\* about to have Kruger's seal sold by auction when the l?ndon CoJonial Office took possession of it as Crown property consequent on the annexa tion of the Trausvniil. The King has instituted the Edward medal, which will be awarded for bravery in mines or quarries. In a Marconifrram to the Governor-Gen eral of Canada his Majesty the King said he was delighted that wireless Trans atlantic tdegmphy should unite the bonds of Canada and the motherland so closely. Lord Loreburn, Lord Uliancollor of Eng land, will shortly marry a niece of .Vi? count St. Aldwyn (Sir Michael Hicks* Beach). The Korean Crown Prince is going to Japan as a student- The Independent Labour Party is pro* moting the candidature of 1200 Socialist* at the municipal elections in England. The Danish steamer Allfreder Landsen, from Libau. was lost, with twenty hands) off St. Abb's Head, a rocky promontorj on the coast of Berwickshire. France has decided to support the Sultai Abdul Aziz in his campaign against tht pretender, Mulai Hafid. Twenty-one people are being tried at Lyons for signing an anti-militarist pla card. The Australian artist, Tom "Longetaff, has completed 1m picture of the famoul explorers Burke and Wills. Messrs. Vivian and Younger's reporf states that American financial condition! are entirely dominating the copper poefc tion, and no permanent recovery in thf market is possible until they improve, Meanwhile good orders are awaiting a turn of the tide. LONDON, October 21. In connection with the railway crisis id Great Britain, a conference of represent** tiveu of all the railway unions, representing 140,000 employees, has unanimously de ckled to demand recognition of the Amal gamated Society by the railway companies. The extreme National Irish Organisation —known as Sinn Fein—ihas inaugurated a campaign in London. . Mr. Asquith, Chancellor of the Ex chequer, in a speech at Ladybauk, empha sised the great loss, counterbalancing all apparent gains, that would result from ttu reconstruction of society on Socialistic lines, as liberty would be slowly but surely starved to death. He claimed that the Liberal Party alone was capable of com* hating extreme Socialism, because it wai free and unfettered by entangling alliance! with monopolies and class privileges, which, with a network of interdependence con cerning the frame of society, made pro gres* with social reforms seem sometime* well-nigh desperate. He rebutted the charge against the Government of coquet ting with the Socialists, and declared that property and liberty were now more secure than ever. Mr. Rudyard Kipling, speaking at Toronto, advocated a closer fellowship be* tween Canada. Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa for mutual preference and trade. Mr. W. P. Schreiner, late Premier of Cape Colony, has re-entered politics, and in a speech at Capetown he said Soutn Africa is now one, and it only remained to manufacture the machinery of govern ment The gigantic new liner -to be built foe the Hamburg- America Company will be ol 47,000 tons, and have a speed of 18 knot*. Herr Ballin, the managing director, d*? clares that 'this speed will furnish the maximum of comfort and proht. Cholera is making great ravages in Russia, 8299 cases having been reported ifi the last three months, 3095 being fatal. Mr. Abe Bailey, interviewed in London, •aid agriculture and mining in the Trans* vaal were unprecedently nourishing, and sufficient native labour would bo forth coming to supersede the Chinese in the mines. The introduction on his farm of well-bred Australian sheep and English cattle and horses had been a great «ue> crfiK And he was now elaborating a scheme for the scientific training of young South Africans in London King Alfonso of Spain, while motoring through the flooded district* in the pro* vince of Lerida, wm precipitated into a river owing to the collapse of a bridge, but was fortunately uninjured. Mr. Edison announces that he baa per fected a compact electric storage batter/, with almost unlimited capacity, which will cheapen and revolutionise transport, so that horses are destined to disappear front the streets, except for purpose*) of pleasure. Miss Lalla Miranda, the Victorian operatic soprano, had a striking success in the role of Oilda in Verdi's opera " Rigo letto" at Covent Garden Theatre on Sat urday night. Fivd Weiss, tiie Australian champion, (defeated the veteran John Roberts in a match of 7000 up played on an oval taibla at 'Liverpool. Roberto scored only 6190 points. R. Doherty and Simond defeated Brookes and Hillyard in the final for the Covered Court Championship by 6-4, 64, 4-6, and 6-1. Last year the event was won by Rise ley and S. H. Smith. A sailing vessel capsized at Uleaborg, on the coast of Finland, and twenty-one workmen who were on board were drowned. > 