AROUND THE GLOBE KEWS LN A SOTSflEtt "Thus wo may cee,» quoth he, 'how the world wags.'" — SHAKESPEARE. The kctcli Alice Templeton went aground at Cape I-lawkt yesterday, . . , The Minister o£ Defence intends to increase materially the number of cadets after June next. \- « v-r .» . ... More hiffh temperatures are reported from the country .Mount -Hop#e regrlsterod 111 dc-. grees. . ' # . ' ' ' i ' Further reports of the Tariff Commission wore presented to the Governor-General yea? terday, . j . . . » . Bush fires are burning in the Tu-mut dls- ' trlct, and a considerable area of grass lias been destroyed. « 1 ' « The Sydney mining market was fairly acr, tive yesterday, despite a goneral decline la thq voiue ; of Broken ITill interests. Colin ,Gliray, son of Professor T. Gliray, of the Otago University, has been selepted as. the New Zealand- Rhodes scholar. The -whole of Iho Federal -now 18 half- pounder-field artillery guns/are now in the hands of the Defence Department.; A .company has been formed, to establlsli big irietallurgical works In Australia, to jn? ' elude, the 'electrolytical refining of copper, j' : The American Consul in Nottingham says that the saie of British coil to foreign cous;. tries last year made a remarkable advanced An 'Important judgment relating to the'-: powers of the - A rb i t rat lb n'C ou r t to send per-, sons to gaol was delivered by the State Full Court yesterday, - j,: The. Attorney-General has decided that If horses trot for a prize or engage in a;trial of speed. at an agricultural show the;gath'siing is a race nieetirig. ' _ «' > . .:i . Distressed by the removal of its rhaster to- Dorchester Hospital, adog would not be . pacified until a bed was >m&de; up for/it beside ' Its master in the sick ward. The dye out of a new sock ' poisoned tlie leg of George "Wllliaim Inwood, a Shoredltch. mantle cutter, and, distracted by the pain, he committed suicide by swallowing poison. Sir William Arrol and Co., . who. have ob- tained the contract for widening Dlackfrlars Bridge, London,.- at a cost of £203,000, /have had, to sign an agreement rof 108 clauses re!- gulatlng the work. - , . . . ».;.. .. A code of simple words' Is' iased to-day by i eard-shar pers who "work", the big Atlantic liners, and; by- those .who -cheat-, at bridge. / The sharper can thus tell his partner the . exact value, of his hand. . » v . 'After Christmas herrings- forsake the east coast of Britain, ana no one has been able to- determine where the fish go, .to. A Lowestoft- boatowner lias fitted out a herring drifter to- attempt to find the shoals between the Brit ish coast and Nci way. ; » : , It Is proposed to divide the new Federal- Meteorological -Department' -Into three me teorological zones. Predictions, are to be Is sued for the continent Indicating the proba ble weather conditions In the dil'feierit zones three or four days ahead. ' Edward Odium, a dairyman/ who was charged at the South-Western Police Court London; with watering milk, said that the. water dropped Into the milk from the Inspec tor's umbrella while he was . taking samples for analysis. He was fined 10s, with costs. . Mrs. French Sheldon says that, the African" woman is the African man's-greatest wurldly. asset. The more wives he has the wealthier, he is. Women are as;good as gold' to him,' but 'her eyes are opening 'to the fact that she has a personal power for earning money. The. Kentish boy, Charles law Watts, cf Woodcl.urch, celebrated his sixteenth birth day last month. Durlng the past year ho has increased in size, and he now weighs 2Gst. 9lb. Last year he weighed ,25st. on his birth day. "Waits is his Majesty's heaviest juvenile subject.. « ' The Union liner Maheno arrived at Tas mania yesterday after a rough passage.' A seaman named Waters idled, suddenly .on the. voyage, and was burled at sea.. A. big wave carried a sailor named' Henderson against- some , fittings with conslderab.e' force, and injured him. » : « v For several winters past (a robin, has been in the- habit of entering through an open -window at St. Faith's -Home for Girls,. Farke- stone (Dorset) and sampling the various viands on the dining-tabie. The . children watch ..for ita re-appearance each year with delight. Mr. Lloyd George says that no record is kept of the number of American typewriting machines imported annually Into Britain, but the value of such machines. Including, parts imported during 1905, was £303,659, ot which £ 25J2.8G4 presented the value of imports from the United States. « Arrangements are being made 4o celebrate on August 28 the seven hundredth anniver sary of the establishment of a corporation for Liverpool (Eng.). In 1207 King John granted letters patent constituting Liverpool a free borough. The exaot form of the cele? bratlons has not yet been settled. . ' - . . The sales of wool in Sydney since July 1, 1906,i amount to 589,154 bales, as against 588,227 bales for, the corresponding period of 4ast year; Since- July 1, 1906/ &96,62G bales have been shipped from Sydney and Newr castle, compared 'with 588,314 bales for the corresponding period of last season. The vA.W.U, conference has concluded. It iwos decided to -urge for legislation to secure the inspection of engines used . at shearing sheds, and flic certification ' of engine- drivers. The conference protested against the securing of foreign -labour -for the sugar industry in Queensland, "there being no evidence of a scarcity of white labour." a At the close of this year a number of work people employed in the Nassau Mills, Patri- croft, Manchester, who have worked there for 35 and 40 years, will be pensioned off with : 6s or 8s weekly by the trustees of the late Mr. Godfrey Ermen. Nassau Mills were for merly owned by Messrs. Ermen and Roby, but are now tho property of the English Sew-' ing Cotton Company. 'A very respectable gentleman, aged 70, who was living on a comfortable Income in Paris, surprised his neighbours the other day by at tempting to commit suicide. He fired three revolver shots, and only succeeded in wound- insr himself. "When asked at the hospital, whither he wos taken, why lie had tried to take his life, he said that it was customary In his fn»n ly. His father and his grandfather had eah commuted suicide when they reach ed the use cf 79. In the course of an inquest 'held in Stepney (London) on January 8 on a woman named Hazlitt, who was found dead In a room in Spltalfields, it appeared that she was very fond of cats, and when the door was broken open seven were found sitting on the bed with the body. She had been ill, but would not have a doctor. The Coroner: "Fond of cats, but not of the doctor." Death was due to neglected asthma, and a verdict to that effect was returned, , The visible supply of wheat In the United States Js-78, 710, 000 bushels; /;"_ The London sugar market is firm, German beet being quoted at Ss lOd per cwt. . . . « . Tho London market rate of discount for best three months- bills Is 42 per cent; ' Honduras and Nicaragua have agreed to settle their -differences by arbitration. . . Tho Cobar Copper Company, lias been re gistered in London with a capital of £70,000. .. v .»" ;-/ The New Zealand Government's / steam trawler Nora NIven has left Grimsfoy with a Grimsby crew for Napier (N.Z.). . 1 ... . The London fiour market is hardening, but the prices asked for shipments from Austra lia aro regarded as prohibitive. The (Bradf6rd wool market is firm, and merinos are - hardening, but crossbreds are dull. . The Bank of England has £27,639,000 notes in circulation, and holds gold coin and bul lion to the amount of £34,089,000.. . ; The half-yearly report of the Australian Agricultural Company, shows a profit of £99,239, of which £10,000 Is to be carried to the reserve, ' . The butter market in London, is. dull, Dan ish being .quotcd at from 112s to 114s per cwt., -choicest Australian at from 90s to 98s, and second qualities' at 80s to 92s.' British 2J per cent,. Consols are quoted in- London at £86 17s:6d, and New South Wales 4, 3Ji,and 3 per cents, at £108, .£99, and £90 respectively. -k / The trial of Harry Thaw in Now York for murder has been adjourned to 'Mon'day, ow ing to the death of the wife of one of the jurors. V It telng reported that the- -Russian Go-, vernment is purchasing wheat for- the relief of tlie famine-stricken districts, the wheat markets are firm. Australian cargoes are firmly held, New South Walts being quoted at from 30s €d to 30s 9d. Australian wheat on spot is nominally at 32s. On the occasion of the Imperial Confer ence, the Corporation of London will enter tain the colonial Premiers at, a reception and khe Guildhall. The six Promlers will be offered the freedom of the city. 5 While the Turkish transport Hodeldah was passing, through tho Suez' Canal a "mutiny ' occurred. Three hundred men jumped over board and escaped inland", with the exception of ten,- who were either shot or drowned. _/in_.Londn on Thursday, Broken Hill Pro prietary shares were quoted at 96s 3d to 98s 9d; Block 10 at ills 3dvto 113s 9d, and Mount Lyell at 54s 6d to D5s. 6d. ' ' . - - » m ; ur. London correspondent cabled -yester day:— Copper £108 to £108 5s spot, and £109- to £109 5s at three months; tin, £191 5s to £191 15s spot, and £190 5s to £190 15s at "three months; pig Iron, 55s lOd; lead £19 ls Cd; and spelter, £26 2s Cd to £26 7s Cd. . On Monday, In the House of Common. M.'. J. W. Hills -will move an amendment regret ting that the King's Speech contained rio re ference to the Imperial Conference, or refer-- red to the opportunity of promoting freer trade within the -Empire, and closer commer cial rciations with the colonies on a proferen- :tial basis. . . - ." . " ' . At an Inquest on a woman in. Poplar, Lon don/the daughter said that "a supposed doc tor, whose address she did not know, gave her mother a bottle of medicine for which he charged. 10s." Coroner Baxter: "I expect he is only some 'quack or herbalist. The . 'medicine' is generally 'sarsparilla or colour ed water."' . . , . .- . ' ' A grocer's porter, 16 years old, -who stole £5 and spent it in drink, was liberated at West' Ham (Eng.) by Mr. Colman, on pro mising that he woul<J sign the pledge, report to the court missionary once a fortnight that he was still teetotal, and come up for judg ment if called -on in six months. - . At a, meeting of 52 members of the House of Commons piedgbd to tariff , reform It was stated that Mr. Balfour was willing to move an amendment to the Address-in-Reply, but by 41 to 4 It was resolved to ask Mr. Bnl- four to consent' to an arhendment being mov- .ed-by a member occupying a seat on the . front Opposition bench. Miss Amy Randall, of Adelaide, took cya nide of potassium in mistake for sweets while developing photographs. She was foupd dead on the floor of the dark room Vy Mr. Hunt, of Hunt's studios. The details , of the Queensland Govern ment's Immigration scheme will shortly be made public. Mr. Kidston says that a State '.Intelligence Bureau will be started almost , immediately. . The Queensland Government is negotiating for the establishment of the proposed Tore- res Straits mail service. ' . . The Prime Minister has had a further dis cussion with .the South . Australian Minister respecting the Northern Territory. The question of lease and other such contracts will play an Important part in the ' transfer. Forty slaughtermen at the Pareora freez ing works, South Canterbury (N.Z.), struck work yesterday. . . Bush fires have been observed south-east of Barcaldlne (Q.) for several nights. A disastrous bush fire has occurred on the Lower -Thompson country, near Longreach. It is estimated that 50,000 acres of grass were destroyed. Last .year the increases of stock in the State werd:— Horses 29,386, cattle 23,686, and sheep 3,951,969. There is a shortage ot labour at the Bro ken Hill mines. » The coal trade at Llthgow shows a re covery compared with last week. The in crease Is attributable to shipping orders. . Engineers are of the opinion that a flow of water may be struck in the Narrabri bore by operating deeper. »« S. M'Laughlln, a packer for Mr. Price, Casino, was drowned on Thursday In the river. He was bathing with foxy other young fellows, and went for a swim. M' Laughlln was missing before the others re alised the position. Dragging operations are still going on. The aggregate points for "own choice" and "The Test Selection" at 1he Christ- church (N.Z.) band contests made a possible maximum of 310. "Wanganui scored 30o, Kaikoral 303, Newcastle City 302, Auckland Garrison 298, Wellington Garrison- »2p7, Dunedin Citizens 295, Wooiston 295, and Walhi 293 points. The number of bags of wheat at the Geurle Station, Wellington distcl&t;, is about 50,000. The record waggon load to arrive is 117 bags, drawn by Mr. F. Giddlng's -team, hundred and thirty-four bags of H. . Bell's wheat weighed 15 -tons 14cwt.— far ubovo the average weight. » .'» \- A miner who went from'Sydney -to the POr seklon Rush,vin Victoria, , complains' of' the exaggerated reports that have been published regarding the field. "I think," he says, !'it te a crying . shame , that these false reports should get into the press/ There are between 800 and- ,3000-, men hero, and most of thorn have not found d , speck of gold, and .one-half of . them have been here almost from the start, - All tliegold that has been found is those .few .big. lumps,, and . thoy ail came out. of about four claims." ..v ' As a resul t '.of the visit of Mr. H. P. Gill (Director of. Technical- Art in South Aiistra-, Ha) to the. New Zealand Exhibition, he . has recommended the., purchase of a 'number --of oil; paintings, watercolours, black and white drawings, and speclriienu of arts and crafts, of the value, of" about £2000. _ At Marrawah, near Stanley. (Tas.), a far mer, named. Michael Moore was struck by the limb of a falling- tree. He diied two hours later. « A serious, blasting accident, occurred on Thursday at Mount- Morgan (Q.). A young man, William M'Donald, and several others .'employed at '.the Mount Morgan G.M. Co.'s ironstone outcrop', some distance up the Dee River, fired several holes, one of which miss ed 'fire. M'Donald returned to correct the fault, when the 'charge' exploded, M'Donald receiving the full force in liis face. He wa9 conveyed to tho -hospital at- Mount Morgan / ! In his history of v the Russo-Japanese wan 'General Kuropatkin speaks of the disorga nlsation, uripreparedness, and incapacity, of the Russian army. He throws tho respon- si-bility for tho loss of Mukden on General Kaulbars, and also blames Lleutenant-Geno- ral von Gupenberg» . He, however, admits that lie himself contributed, to the defeat at Mukden by not providing a sufficient strate gle reserve. . i In the House of Commons Mr. J. P. Hay den moved an amendment to. the Addres? in-Roply regretting that the promises in re< spect of evicted tenants in Ireland had not: been fulfilled. Mr'. Birrell, Chief Secxvtaryi »- for Ireland, undertook to apply the utmost; ! pressure to have the promises carried out, and he hinted at legislation depriving Lord Clanrlcarde of the; management of his es-« tates. As the reply was considered satisfac- tory the amendment was withdrawn. I 