SUMMAKY, The meeting oí King Edward and the rmoeror William at Wilhelmshoho was ex- tremely cordial. Tho people warmly cheered King Edward. The "North German Gazette," lu welcoming vine Edward, says tho visit will strengthen ¡io bettor relations between Great Britain and Germany. 'Tho Russo-Japanese convention maintains tho status quo in tho respective territories »Ita tho principle of equal opportunity. It recognises the independence and terri- torial integrity of China. 'An attempt has been made to assassinate Lord Ashtown at Glenshiry Lodge, his shoot jig seat in county Waterford. (An explosion occurred in the drawing-room (f tho lodge whilo Lord Ashtown was asleep li an upper apartment. Germany resists a proposal at the Hague ijonfercnco that anchored mines bo so con (tructed that thoy bocomo harmless within two hours of tholr laying. 'The proposal, which is accepted by Groat Britain, also stipulates that they shall bo laid io tho sphere of activo operations. The "Times" says that should Germany's (»position prevail, any bolltgorcnt will,be entitled to scatter mines broadcast. A largely attended Esperanto congress has assembled at Cambridge, 30 nationalities being represented. Esperanto is being used in church sorvlces, sermons, and hymns. A conference is being held in Belfast to irrange a settlement of the dockers' and cartors' strikes. Dr Wiley, of tho United States Agricultural Bureau is in Europe endeavouring to arrango i conference lo socuro uniformity in the prac- tico of dealing with food adulteration. ' Many horrible atrocities wero committed by He Moors in Casablanca. In one instance a Spanish bakor was roasted in his own oven. ? The Kbamas tribo has become enraged at (ho bombardment of Casablanca, and Is furious against all Christiana. They wish to rovongo tho injury done the Moors on Kald MacLoan, whom Raisull now protects. * Raisull is reported to have sent an ulti- matum to tho British Minister at Tangier. A large storo of bombs, daggers, and poisons bas been discovered In a cellar in Now York belonging to an Armonian socioty. Tho strike of telegraph operators in the Dolled States has extended to Canada. The Melbourne City Properties Trust has reen registered, with a capital of £150,000, to acqulro tho M'Cracken'b Brewery (Melbourne) assets. Consols aro quoted at £81 15s, an advance Of 12s 6d since Saturday. The depression in Wall-street and lower quotations in America aro depressing copper and tin. , The Prime Minister, who loft Melbourne for iueensland yesterday in search of health, .do- tted the rumour that ho intended retiring. "Tho stoamor Arawatta, whilo on the voyago from Sydney to Brisbane, carno Into collision with tho Danish barquo Ingoborg off Port Stephens early on Wednesday morning. The barquo, which was hound foi Newcastle horn Wellington, sank in a few minutes, ßevan ll\es were lost. The captain of tho barquo was drowned in in heroic attempt to save a boy, one of the trew. Tho bill, fixing Federal members' allowances at £600 was read tile second time on tho voices jisterday. ? In committee ah' amendment by Sir John Quick, to make tho amount £500, was nega- ted by 20 to 12. 'ill is 6aid that- in ^re.tum for the support of " ft Federal Labour ^party to tho tariff'tho örernment Is to bo asked to concedo tho> Mt protection ,p,n,,thô lines sot forth.,. >,, _.,, A public meeting was held yesterday to'pro tat against the cxtiome' character of the ¡Werai tariff. V ' it was decided to form an association, on titled the Commercial and Industrial Fcdora tloo of Australia. The Minister for Customs" statod in the lHonjlo last night that no special exemption could be given in tho case of cargoes afloat. The Minister for Lands says the depart- ment had in hand orders for 000 milos of wiro utting. Tho quqstion , as to whether the State Covornment would bo compelled to pay tho .Increased duty was under consideration, i The Adolaldo Stock Exchange passed a re- solution strongly condemning the tariff, as being detrimental to the mining industry, i Tho oversea shipping companies have in- creased the passengor fares by 10 per cent. The Country Storekeepers' Convention passed t resolution in favour of discontinuing tho system of giving Christmas boxes and cou- pons. It was decided to mako, representations to tno Minister for tho extension of the Early Closing Act to all parts of the State. The ibauo of the regulation limiting the quantity of opium allowod to bo sold ha-, causea ronslornatlon amongst wholcsnlo and Wall chemists.' The Pharmacy Board yesterday passed a «solution piotcstlng against tho restriction « the supply of the drug. In the Melbourne District Court yesterday «comtucrclnl traveller named Collins was lined ilO on a chargo of having smoked opium. The professional team of Now Zonland iiugby pinycis was wolcomed ni tho Town mu last night at a smoko concert. Mr li. c. Iloylo, who tendered the team a nearly welcome, said it was unfair that Players who brought thousands of pounds to negates bhould bo treated as «hito slaves. ' At tho annual meeting of the N.S.W. Auxilini y to the London Missionary Socioty, wArthur, who presided, ploaded for - fuller «cognition of the claims of mission work. Tho Row A. Parker said the Roman Catholic Church In Travancore lidia, to-day countcd 11» converts by tho hundred thousand. Dr. Goding, American Consul in Noweastlo, "no has returned from a world's tour, says People in Amorica aro beginning to inquire "out Austialia and its resources. In. his monthly report the Director of Labour refers to tho dearth of first- class labourers, and points out tho difficulty in meeting the demand. The Union Oil Englno Company's works 1» Woolloomooloo Bay «oro destroyed by the last night. The building contained a quan- tity ot petrol and machinery. The Union Steam Company is having a now «tcamer built to tnko up the running between Sydney and Vancouver. A miner named Orchard was committed ¡or trial at Bondlgo on a chargo of attempt- ing to destroy the Great Extended Hustler's Ollie by throwing dynamite down tho bhaft. Webb was enthusiastically welcomed at a public reception In the Wellington Town Hall yesterday. The champion was entertained by the Cabinet In the evening, both parties lu tho House being well represented. Tho next rae? for the sculling championship Jil) bo rowed on the Wanganui River. Trosld «er will prcbabiy moot Webb in Pobruary. Messenger, the Australian representativo three-quarter, is a posbiblo aspirant for the , Mulling championship. Ho belongs to a family W fullers. Tile New South Wales bowlors defeated a combined EaBt Brisbane and South Brisbano warn by 107 points to 78. i John Campbell and his two sons, who left »remantlo on a fishing expedition a mo'nth , "B». aie believed to havo been drowend. By the Orient liner Ortona, 171 immigrants,! ¡oostlj. hailing from the agricultural dls "'«» In the United Kingdom, arrived In »riBbano yostorday. Tho ladles' golf championship of Now South «»lea 1ms been won by Miss Wray. The will of the late Mr. Stephen Forster1 ?M boon proved at £52,'2I5, and that of thoi »to Mr. John Sloraan at £30,428. .n 80011 amounl "f business was effected on Chango yesterday, chiofiy at late ruling ratos. .B1?01'0 wa8 a bott°r fooling in mining stocks, «a »rices showed consldornblo improvement. Weather forecast: Tendency for thunder in .«. x»r west; otherwlso Ano generally. 