EW SOOTH 'WALES. SSYDNEY, lionday. The Government Architect states that preparations for the erection of the build. lngs for the Hospital for Insane at Morls set are in a forward state. The contour surveys are complete, and Mr. Vernon is ahbout to issue instructions for the drawing of the plans. The tfirst section only of the buildings will be pro. needed with, 'fut thlse will be designed on tihe most modern principles. No further developuments in connection with the plague outbreonk at Sydney has occurred to-day, anel all the patients at the Coast Hospital were reported to bhe progressing as satisfactorily as could be expected. A wire was received from Kempscy, notifying that the lady patient whose case was reported last week had died. MIrs. Maclean, sister to James Rus sell, a recent victim, died last night at the Kempsey IHospital from pneumons c plague. Her little danughter is macr better. Many rats are being found ia the town, some dead and some dying. Speaking to-day with regard to the pro posal of Alderman Allen Taylor to call a meecting of citizens to consider the ihold. aing of an international exhibtion is Syd ncy in 190S, Mr. D. Storey, M.'., said he was of the opinion that the project was a splendid one, but it would be necessary for the Government of the State to under. takle thle manageolent of tile affair. Once the thilng was started it must be made a tloroughi success, not osly for the credit of Sydney and New South Walers, but for the honour of Australia, in the eyes of thie world. tHe felt sure an exhibition, properly sanagced, would be the means of causiog snore immigration to Sydney and New South Wales than anything else that could be possibly done, and it w0oul further create greater interest inl local manufactures and popularise colonial. made goods generally. The Royev. Thlomas Holme, for many years rector of All Souls' Church, Lelch ihardt, died suddenly this morniog, at his residence, Milson's Point. Mr. Holme had for some timne past retired from active duty in the church. The inter ment will take place to-morrow at Gores Hill. Mr. Moore, thie Minister for Agricul ture, has received a cable from the Agent-General's office, London, dat ed February 1st, in which it is stated that the English butter market is quiet, and the price of Aus tralian butter is practically uncbanged, finest selling at 98s to 100s per hundred The Copenhagen quotation for Danish butter is also unchanged since last re port. It is, therefore, evident that the market is steady and of a normal char acter. While Senior-constable Manion and Con stable M'Nabb and Pemberton, of the Water Police, were rowing round the har bour last night, they were informed by a night-watchman on the Union Co.'s wharf, near Druitt-street, that a valuable bull had escaped into the water and was under Locksley's wharf. The jioalce pulled round and found the animal with his muzzle just out of the water. With some ditfficulty a rope was tied round his horns and he was towed to the steps at Ifurray street, Pyrmoot, where he was got ashore. When the bull got well on to the land, he turned round and charged hIis rescur ers, and got back Into deep dater. Another rope was brought into requisition, but be fore the animal could be brought ashore again it was drowned. The bull bad es caped from the Illawarra Company's shed and jumped overboard. The suit of the Welsbach Light Company of Australasia against Joseph Neal Grace and Albert Edward Grace, trading as Grace Brothers, was before the Chief Judge in Equity this afternoon, on as ap plication by the defendants for an order for the issue of a commission for the ex amination de bene esse of certain wit nesses In England and Ireland. The suit has reference to an alleged infringement of a patent for certain incandescent man ties, which, it is said, the defendants are selling. The application.was adjourned to the 11th instant, with leave to the de fendants to file further affidavits. At the Paddington P'olice Court this af ternoon, MIr. Macfarlane, S.IM., heard a case, brought .on summons by John Bee chey against Annie Marie Ralston. The complaint said he was a sewing moachine agent, and on January 24 was canvassing in Jersey-road, Paddington. He went In to defendant's residence by tile front gate, but ihad only gone a few yards when two dogs-a Scotch and a Sklye terrier-rushed at him. While he was keepLng one off the othler bit him on the leg and tore his trousers. Several 'persons came, and bhe remonstrated with them for not keeping the vicious dogs on the chain. He was then ordered off the premises. On be half of the defendant, who had with her a small dog, whichl it was said did lbthe damage, it was contended there was no case to answer. The complainant had no right to be on the premises. iMr. IMac farlane said the contention was a good one, and he dismissed the information, but withlout costs. Mr. W. HI. MIackenzie, District Coroner, held a magisterial inquiry at Liverpool, to-day, touching the death of Herbert Quinn, 15, whol was drowned on Sunday afternoon, while bathing in George's River, about throee miles below tle dam. Tho evidence showed that Quinn went with several others to bathe., He could not swim, and was observed sinkling. Two lads went to his rescue, but ihe sank. The others called for help, and some oc cupants of a passing boat, hearing cries, jumped into the water, one of whom brought the body up. Efforts were made to restore aniination, but failed. Sub sequently Dr. Beattle used every effort at resuscitation, but without success. A finding of accidental drowning was recorded. A young woman named Alma Kling, who resided with her parents in Abat toir-road,' Balmain, died on Saturday af ternoon, from the effect of burns receiv ed on January 8th. On the cvenisg of that date, Miss King was dressisg her hair by the aid of a lgigted candle, when hlier blouse and some chiffon with which it was trimmed caught fire, as a result of which she was severely burned about the neck and breast. Mr. Colin Pitt, a resident of Prince Albert-street, Mosmnan, met with a pain ful accident this afternoon. He was lear ing the London Bank premises, at the corner of Pitt-stroeet andl Martin Place, whens by some means his foot got caught between the heavy iron gate and the stone steps leading to the banking house. Mier. Pitt's cries of agony attracted the attens tion of several policemen, and although heavy crowbars were. brought .into re quisition, it was some time before lMr. Pitt was released. He was taken to the Sydney HosDital. At the Homebush stock' sales to-day primoe heavy crossbred wethers made up to 18s 60, extra to 22s 4d; prime heavy merino wethers 16s Gd, extra to .17s 9d, good 15s 6d to 1is, medium from 14s; prime heavy moerino e\ves to 13s, good 12a to 12s Gd, medium froes Ils, others lower. There was a small supply of cattle. Best beef was worth to about 27s per 100loolb, Prime heavy' bullocks made from £11, extra to £12, good from £10 5s, medium from £9 ts; prime heavy cows from £1' Is, extra to £9, good from £7 10s; medi um from £6 1is, others lower. Thile dispute between the Sydney wharf labourers and the interstate steanmship owners was settled to-day. The following rates of payment hlave been agreed to : "One shilling and threepence per tnou for working lead, bullion, and ore in the day time, and for working this cargo at night time ls 9d per'hour. One shilllin and threo half-pence per hour for workllhsg general cargo in the day time, and is 6d per hour for night work. Saturdays, after 5 p.m., to receive 2s per hour for hsud ling general cargo. Working day to begis at 7 tam., and finish at 5 pm., with twa breaks during the day." A fireman named Hans Petersen, en-' gaged at.the gasworks, pleaded guilty at the Water Police Court to-day to a charge of having assaulted Constable Joshn Klely, on Saturday.night, and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. p -I There's the shop with the oranges, the shog with the clothes, but the shops with the "Taykakisses" everybody knows. Agoeo John:Burgess, Hunter-st., Newcastle. 91 SIf you want to borrow money go to N.S. Wales Mont do Pleto D. and 'I. Company, Ltd.? 17 Hunter-st., Newcastle. 1414 