RITUAL TOPICS. At last rains of a fairly satisfactory cha racter have fallen, and agricultural and pas toral^ prospects have in consequence sub stantially improved. Much more rain than has fallen up to the time of writing is re quired, but it is a good thing to get the first instalment of the autumn precipitation be fore the frost had chilled the soil. In the districts where the rains were heaviest there ought to be a nice growth of grass in a week or two, and another advantage is that weed-seeds in cultivation paddocks will ger minate. This is an important point in! cereal-growing, as the ploughing under ori destruction of the weeds gives the legitimate crop a fair chance to establish Itself. If i another good downpour of rain, followed by! showery weather, is experienced, there ought to be a revival in the butter business/ as cows that were going dry will come back to their milk as soon as sufficient succulent feed is available. Close upon 500 applications have been re ceived at the Lands office for the 57 blocks of the disputed territory between Victoria! and South Australia, that has been thrown open for selection by the Victorian Lands j department. The land boards to hear appli cations will sit on April 10 and 24. Viticulturists who wish to have vines] grafted by the Department of Agriculture j for delivery during the 1908 planting season j should make application to the principal of j the Viticultural College, Rutherglen, before, June 1 next. Applicants will be required to deposit £1 per 1,000, and to supply their own scions, wnich should be from 3-16 t4 g of an inch in diameter. It is particularly desired by the department that the scions supplied shall be true to name; and of re cognised frUitfulnesB, and they should reach the college not later than July 1. The staff of the college will be prepared to assist in selecting the best wood for scions. . j With the strong demand that exists for land for settlement, it is the intention of the Minister for Lands _ (Mr. M&ckey;) to raise the whole question involved in the re-, servation of very large areas as forest re serves. There are, he says, two views of the reservation of land for forest purposes. One is the crude, unscientific iaea that enormous areas should be set apart on which the forest timber required is allowed to grow practically uncared for; and the other is to have a more restricted area, and to treat it by the latest scientific methods, to make it produce a greater quantity of timber. He is quite satisfied that the ex perience of other countries has Bhown that the latter system is the most economical. If, on investigation, it can be shown that the needs of the country can be met by the proper use of a smaller area of land than is now locked up for forest purposes, it will mean, he points out, that a considerable ex tent of country can be made avanaDie iori settlement, more population can be put on the land, and production can be increased. Some objection has been taken to the high prices put upon the lands at Moormbool Which have been thrown open for selection by the Lands department. It appears, however, that some of the land, which is part of the Moormbool forest-reserve, has valuable timber upon it; indeed, intending selectors have, it is stated, valued the timber is places as worth £2 per acre. The Premier (Mr. Bent)' insisted that this should not be made a gift to the selectors, but that it should be included in the value of the land .and this accounts for the fact that some blocks of second-class land are being offered at a higher upset price than first-class land near by. An arrangement baa been made by the department to have a private timber tramway extended into the centre of the land now being offered so that the settlers will have no difficulty in getting the timber on the land to market. Some of the settlers in tbe neighbour hood, who ringbarked their timber years | ago, are now receiving from the company owning the tramway up to £1 an acre for ! the right to take the nngbhrked timber off the land. It is being cut down, and sent either to the Melbourne market or to the mines at Bendigo. In future agricultural societies, to obtain a share of the Government grant, must pro .vide that all prizes for horse stock shall be .subject to a veterinary examination of the animals for soundness, and must- either arrange for holding agricultural classes that will be attended by at least 30 students, or for a series of lectures and demonstrations, to be approved by tbe,I>epartment of Agri culture, onairicuUtire and live stock mat tern throughout tbe year. In addition to tuaihey nave tbe option -,of arranging for fjjjfd'sxperiments. or offering a special prize, tpbe approved by the Minister for Agri Culture, tor the improvement of farm pro duce or cultivation of special crops in the dhitric$, In the case of classes or lectures the department will arrange'the lectures. * ' the ball, advertising, and other local must,be provided locally.-. If Geld ex jcntslM^gonc into,-, it will be required an amp of about five' acres at least \- be effitivated. ^Thel department will " r theaeedwid manures, and super I the sowing add harvesting, taking ird of dbh products; the society, will be responsible for ploughing, ins, and tbe main part of the culii-l tm, taking tbb balance. The suggestion] , e by the department is that one or more plots be developed in each district, the J same land being used for a number of .vears, SO that * definite scheme can be worked out. ] The main lines of investigation will be to ve what manures suit the district, to; new metbods of management and new "The conditions imposed, it is hoped ; by the department, will tend to make the i societies more active and of greater value] to the districts, Mr. H, H. Hamley, engineer under the Queensland Publio Estate Improvement fund,4- states that remarkable activity is being shown in the settlement of Grown lands in the west of the state. Settlers from other states are arriving daily to take up the lands they have selected, and others are inspecting the district with a view to selection. Altogether 263 applications have been re ceived by the Lands department for the 62 allotments of land thrown open for selection in the Moonnbool state forest. The area comprises 12,000 acres. The applications will be dealt with by a land board (compris ing Mr. Lavery, district surveyor: Mr. Wyatt, land officer, Seymour; and Mr. Jackson, land officer, Bendigo) on April 16 and following days. We have received the third volume of the flock-book of British breeds of sheep in Australia, containing the returns of five years of the 46 flocks previously registered, together with the histories of 30 flocks ad mitted since thepublioation of vol. 2. The list comprises 63 Lincoln, 4 Leicester, 4 Border Leicester, 2 Shropshire, 2 South down, and 1 Ootswold flocks, making a total of 76 registered flocks. That so few Shropshire flocks should be registered is indeed surprising in a country where there are so many Shropshire studs. The book has been issued at 2/6. A copy of a proclamation regulating the importation of" plants and seeds into the Cape of Good Hope has been received by the Customs department. The introduction of eucalyptus, acacia, or coniferous plants is absolutely prohibited, as is also fresh grapes end live peach-stones. All stocks are prohibited, with the exception of the pear, plum,-apricot, cherry, mango, persimmon, and such apples as are accepted as being re sistant to woolly aphis. The introduction of grape vines, sugar cane, and plants culti vated for the production of rubber is sub ject to such regulation as may be deter mined upon. The Closer Settlement Board does not propose to leave the portion of the Exford Estate which has been reserved for selec tion in Eqgland by agricultural immigrants to lie idle this year. The land, which is about 1,600 acres In area, is to be put down in suitable crops, under the supervision of the manager of the Werri bee-pa If the land is selected from Ep the settlers arrive before the vested, the board will hold the crop for its cost of culf time it is taken over by tfl will thereby be protected\agaiqst loss; while, if it is not selected befye mpvestJ the board will have the advaniageof the] return from the crop, jit is also iHtea4ed to put up in advance on each of the 14 reserved blocks a building of two rooms, so that when the settler arrives he will be able to go directly from the ship to the land with his family. As his crop will be growing, he will be able to set to work putting up a better residence, or making other improvements, until the time arrives for gathering the -harvest. About 16,000 acres of land near Portland i will probably be thrpjjfe, open for selection about the end of this month. This land, which is of a light _ sandy character, was | 3 he for many years held to be of little value for agricultural purposes, but in the last two seasons, under proper cultivation, it has yielded excellent crops of potatoes of good quality, and the experts of the Depart ment of Agriculture have high hopes that it can be made use of profitably by settlers. Yesterday the Minister for Lands (Mr. Maekey), the Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Swinburne), the director of Agriculture (Dr. CheiTy), and the surveyor-general (Mr. Reed) had a conference on the subject, and it was decided that they should visit Port land on April 24, to inspect the land before throwing it open for selection. The 'Tanners' Advocate'' talks pretty straight to the horse-raisers of Canada, where, it 6ays, 15 years ago horses could hardly be given away. Farmers there quit raising them, and sold their best marcs, be cause they brought most money, as the best always do. Now, when prices are sky-high, farmers have none to sell, but have to buy j work horses at high figures to fill the gaps made by the death of the worn-out supply they had left. If they had weeded out the . unsound and old stagers at bonc- yard Crices, and bred their best mares to the I est class of sires, they would be in the swim to-day, but instead they are now buy ing brood mares at high-tide prices, and have to wait for' years for returns from them. . An interesting and somewhat novel mis-, on was recent!v fulfilled by the steamer entury, of the,Howard Smith line. Early. l January last the Century loaded a cargo j E sleepers at Sydney for Bombay, and she j lbsequently reached that port after a] itisfaetory voyage. Having landed her; eepers there, tne vessel proceeded to j a vuu 1UOCC1 piwvvuwv. . iurrachee, another Indian port, for the - iirpose of shipping 516 camels for West! ustralia. These animals, which had been UDkttUMU . 4 U6PV SUUUIUIOj »* uit.li UWW iecially selected for transport work in the •sert wastes of the Northern Territory, ere got on board the Century without a teh. the splendid 'tween decks of the ssel havipg been carefully prepared for eir reception. 4 About 1,500 tons of sand, tended to be used as bedding for the mels, was also shipped, whilst 50 Indian tendants etnbarkea in the vessel to look ter the animals during the voyage. It leaks well for the general arrangements ade for The welfare of the large living eight, as it also does for the sea-going lafities of the Century, that not an animal is lost oh the trip. The entire shipment is landed at Port Headland, West Aus »lia, in splendid condition. be directors! uf -the Yea Dairy Com y have ta)c£n an important step ards endeavouring to raise the idard of butter, ana of preventing the Ifuni A-S S-A ■ » fnAlAtaAa A OWAl*f iaara nr puvrctj anu 01 prevcuuug i ling of cream to city factories. A short le ago tbo oompaay decided to grade all! m,. and pay. for. it. according to its lity. This step baa caused some dis ifaction amongst those who send in. ond class" or inferior cream. -Two sup ra have written stating that they have, | ;oDsequence, mage other arrangements the future disposal of their cream, and is interpreted as meaning that it will lent lb MelboUrttt^Tlie chairman of company (Mr. M'Leish) considers that only 'way to meet the difficulty is to the" Government to .exercise- strict1 iWfaibn oyfera.il otfeamiirriving at Spen itreet; and With-this end in view, it been decided^to Invite the co- opcmtion 11 country .co-operative factories in the ter. . The Hireraaaai^ thafc they have sympathy of the Government, especially iew of. the foot that such a fuse Quan" of cream fowtliresfentbeing sent.put of this district by suppliers who should re-i main loyal to their own factory. MThie and Co., Toowoomba, report hay ing sold, on account of Messrs. Peyton Bros, and' Bowling, - OakWood, 30,000 mixed weaners to Mx. G. £. Bunning; also, on ae-. count of Mr. A.'J. Cotton, 8,000 bullocks, at Lawn Hills, to Mr. J. C. White. A party of thirty or more farmers in the Korumburra distnct have arranged to leave n i j # ji _ * . , for Queensland for the purpose of inspect ing,with a view to purchasing, farms on the Darling Downs. A large estate there has been subdivided into blocks of from 160 to 800 acres, which are offered for private sale.. Specially cheap fares by rail and steamer have been arranged for this trip. Arrangements have been made to call for tenders for the erection of a school on the Strathkellar Estate. The settlers on the estate have been complaining of the delay that has taken place m the provision of a school for their children, but the griev ance will speedily be remedied, as tenders will close on April 18, and the work will be pushed on without delay. Mr. Reginald G. Power, the hon. sec. of the Melbourne Hunt Club, writes to say that he did not act as judge of the bunting contests at the recent Sydney Show. Mr. G. Lorimer discharged that position, and it was his comments that were reported. It was stated by one or two people in the ring that Mr. Lorimer was secretary of the above club, so the misapprehension became gene ral, and was accepted by our contributor, "E.N.R." The condition on arrival of the apples shipped to London by the R.M.S. Britannia, which left Melbourne on February 19, was variable. Many were wet and "wasty," and some badly affected with bitter pit. The prices realised were:—Jonathans, 8/ to 14/per case; Cleopatras, 9/ to 15/ per case; Cox's pippins, 4/9 to 16/ per case, a few to 18/. The market was favourable, as other supplies were limited. On being opened the consignment of pears were found to be in an unsatisfactory condition. The prices obtained ranged from 10/ to 11/ j per case. At an early date the Minister for Lands' (Mr. Mackey) expects to make available! for settlement about 40,000 acres of third-! class land in the Cann Valley (Croajinga long) district. The Bhire engineer of Or-! host (Mr. Anderson) has been directed to{ make the necessary roads, and as soon as are graded and surveyed the land willt Jtvwn open for selection. This work ^bUh&*1JV completed within two or three, ~ selectors will be able to go on1 , dings knowing that the roads d/t£enj «rf in course of construction. e ago a trial _ of machines for otatoes and onions was carried y~the Department of Agriculture, but none of those submitted were considered to be worthy of the prize of £50 offered by the department, and another test is to be made shortly. Some of the makers who pre viously competed are engaged upon im provements to their machines, with a view of again trying to secure the prize, and it is not unlikely that other machines will also be tested. It is not possible yet to state the date on which the tests will be made, but it will be fixed as early as possible. The statement that the best land in the Exford Estate has been reserved for the use of immigrants from Great Britain is denied by the Closer Settlement Board. Less than one-fourth of the whole property was set apart for this purpose, a compact area, convenient to the railway, and with some water frontage to the Toolern Creek, being chosen. None of that part fronting the Werribee River was taken. The values placed on the different blocks show, it is claimed, that the land reserved for immi grants is only of fair average quality, com pared with the remainder of the estate. Surveyors are busily engaged on the sub division of the different estates purchased by the Closer Settlement Board, and it is hoped that several of them will be made available for selection at an early date. Ap plications close to-day for an area of 8,000 acres of the Exford Estate, and it is anti cipated that the Colbinabbin Estate, be tween Elmore and Rushworth, 20,000 acres, will be made available this week. The other estates being dealt with are:—Werneth, near Cressy, 6,450 acres; Kie Yiang, near Terang, 1,500 acres: Pirron Yallock, near Colac, 1,050 acreis; Allambee, in Gippsland, 5,000 acres; and the Phoenix and Pender grove properties, which have been secured for workmen's homes. Two reports of the inspector of produce on shipments of Victorian meat landed in London, which the Agent-General (Mr. Taverner) has forwarded to the Minister for Agriculture, show that frozen lamb by the Fifeshire and Perthshire, landed in the latter part of February, contained mis shapen flanks. Of the shipment by the Fifeshire, discharged between February 18 and February 23, it is reported that some "Polar" lamos were slightly affected with grass seed, while mostly all marks included some mixshapen flanks. The Perthshire! cargo was landed between February 19 and February <7, and the report says that most marks, esoecially "Walter" and "Corona tion," included a number of misshapen flanks, dirty wrappers, and chafed car Work at the Dookie Agricultural College this term, the principal. Mr. Pye, has re ported to the Council of Agrictulural Edu cation is progressing satisfactorily, and the students are showing keen interest in it. During last month they ploughed 200 acres of ground, and 40 acres were sown in vari ous kinds of barley for feed for the dairy herd, while 100 acres \ras being gut down] in rape for the sheep. The ploughing, har rowing, rolling, and drilling indicates, he says, the thoroughly practical nature of the work, and keen competition is shown by the students in the management of their teams and in ploughing .tbe straightest fur rows. In addition to cultivation work they have also been engaged in breaking in young horses. The anxiety of apple exporters to get fruit away to Europe is indicated by the great demand that exists for space upon any vessel that is available for thiB class of cargo. The agents of the 8.8. Hector, belonging to the Blue Funnel ^ line, , some time ago arranged to provide space for 5,500 cases, to leave on the 13th inst., but owing to pressure of, output and a keen demand for more space" the company has arranged to increase the space by 4^500 cases, taking 10,000 cases in all. The s.s. Somerset; of the Houlder-Fede ral line, has lately been secured, in addi tion to vessels already mentioned, and on this ship 10,000 cases of apples will be sent away on tbe 24th April. It is expedted that fully 135,000 cases-of this fruit will be sent to Europe this season/from Victoria, being 65,000 cases in excess of the, estimate at the beginning of the season, 81,000 cases more than the ontpnt for last year, pad 54,008 cases in excess oiT the n umber sent away in 1908, which was the record export of applet op to that time. The London cheese market is reported slow. New Zealand is selling at 63/-to oy, and Queensland cheese, ex Orient, at W/ t® 54/ per cwt. The attention of land-buyers is drawn to Messrs. Maiden Bros.' (Sydney) advertise ment in this issue. This firm has some very choice estates for private sale in the notea Liverpool Plains district, New South Wales. Agricultural chesnistiy is the servant of agriculture, and.it is the highest aim and the most laudable purpose of thte agricul tural chemist'to~ render the most trust worthy and the most enduring service to agriculture. Fruit shipments from Melbourne for Ion don by the Moldavia amounted to 2,398 cases, including 2,010 cases apples and 388 cases pears. The total from Melbourne to Europe this season is 105,093 cases. Hobart shipments amount to 270,699 cases, Ade laide 11,506 cases, and Sydney 4,835 cases. Miscellaneous fruit shipments from Mel bourne last week included 575 cases for South Africa and 400 cases for Bombay. For the week ended Friday last only 78 tons, of butter for export were inspected at the Government cool stores. Of this 2,141 boxes waB in hulk, 904 boxes in pats, and 24 boxes in tins. The destinations of the butter inspected were 2,041 boxes for the United Kingdom (861 per cent, salted and 13g per cent, unsalted), 1,064 boxes for South Africa, and 14 boxes for Eastern ports. The total exports last week were only 42 tons, of which 40$ tons was de spatched for the United Kingdom, and 1$ tons for Eastern ports. . While silica is not an essential constU tuent of plant food, it enters quite largely into the formation of plants, and plays in them an important part. At a meeting of the Royal Society in England some investi gations were reported on relative to silica. Two prominent agricultural scientists took part in the making of the report. They declared that silica plays a very important part in the role of nutrition of cerea. plants lilrp barley. They expressed the belieJ that an abundant supply of soluble^ silica means an increased yiela and an earlier formation of the grain. This is caused by the silica producing an increased assimilation of phos phorus. As satisfactory progress is being made with the cultivation of experimental plots of New Zealand flax by the Departmentof Agri culture, it has been determined to test the possibilities of the industry on a larger scale. A block of 10 acres, put under culti vation last year at the Leoneatha Labour colony is reported to be looking very well. The crop off the larger block to be sown with young plants this year will, when . the plant is ready, for cutting, give a test on a com mercial basis 01 the value of the industry# If it proves as successful as is hoped, there is said to be a considerable area in different parte of the state which may be made more productive than at present. It will be three or four years before the crop can be taken off. No land is yet available for allotment under the Improved Small Holdings Act. but in all probability the subdivision of the Maribyrnong-park Estate will be com pleted in.a few weeks, and about 100 acres will then be thrown open to applicants. A large number of responses have been re ceived to the request of the department that land suitable for the purposes of this form of settlement should be placed under offer, and reports are tow being called for from the valuers upon a number of properties in the neighbourhood of Mel bourne, as well as several in the country districts. The properties offered are on all sides of the city, and vary in area from 20 to about 200 acres, and in price from £30 to over £100 an acre. The latter price, it is probable, will be found too high for cpn sideratiota, as it will mean that the allot ments will be too small, and it hardly likely that more than £00 an acre will be given for land. The butter market in London has been: flat during the past week, and Danish has fallen 4/ per cwt., the Copenhagen quotation being reduced 4 kroner, or 4/6. Little change has taken place; however, in Australasian descriptions, choicest Australian being 1/ lower on the week. Quotations compare with the corresponding date last year as follows— April 5, April 4, 1906\. 190T. Banish 109/to 111/ 106/ Australian choicest .. I® 100/to 10"' TV\ unaltered .. •• • 102, to 106/ 100/to it**./ : to 100/ i<w/1° 101/ Argentine 96J W0< The Britannia, from Melbourne, I^bruary 19, arrived at London on March 30, wim 2271 tons from Melbourne, 208} «ons from Sydney, 82 tons transhipped from Bris bane, and 8 tons from Adelaide; total, 526 tons. The Salamis, from Melbourne, Febru ary 9, arrived at London on the 3rd inst.» with 201} tons from Melbourne, and 99 tons from Sydney, together 300} tons. The production of butter in Victoria now leaves only a small surplus for shipment to London after providing for local consump tion and for orders from some other parts of Australia and from South A£nc& and the East, and the shipments by two steamers to London since a week ago only amount to 51} tons. The rainfall of the last few days will be of value in promoting: a growth of grass for winter feed, bat is hardly calcu lated to have much effect on -the export trade. Production in Near South Wales is still considerable, while the Queensland ex port trade continues active. Butter shipments foF London by the Omrah consist of 1,052 caBes, or 26} tons, from Melbourne;. 7,668 vases, or 1913 tons, fforii Sydney; and 9,424 cases, or 235} tons, from Brisbane. The Tropic left Melbourne on the 6th mat. with 1,004 cases, or 25 tons, in addition to 2,927 eases, or 73} tons, from Sydney. I he total shipments* to Englandsince July h 1906, compare with those for the corre spondlu^ period of the previous season as follows. 1903-4. 1001-5. 1905-6. 1M6L ! From Tom. Tons. Tons. Tons. Melbourne . - .. 10,551 lkW-i ^1^ KhlOfl} 6'1;5 # 4§ « Adelaide . .. ... l,««l 843 687} 879} Total 18,1491 22.1S3} 23,8535 31 428} The total shows an increase of 8,0.4} tons as compared with the corresponding period of last season, the increase in Melbourne «» rebutter tor 'fSoith Afr!'. from Mrlbournfc - 