Siigi' Iiidastfj. Gonferjence atToYiiisviHe TOWNSVILLE. Match 1. ' - : Tho' Sugar , Conference was . continued . yesterday; but ;a - few: of the, delegates had .' left for home on the .provious-'day. Mr.' Ultirke u'ropesed,— " 3 hat this con- ' fcreiice is ontircly in .favour of tho scheme recently inaugurated by the Immigration League of Queensland—namely, pro'vidlnv; labour for youths who desire to go through a course oi agricultural training in general field work, and that- the federal authorities ho requested not to allow the employment of such labour tu in any way jeopardise the farmers' claims for the bounty." Mr, Horton seconded. Ho .said if. thoy. wanted good labour, v thoy must look, to the sons of- fatmdrs, whom they could educate in farm work. .. 'The motion, aftor short discussion, was carried. V : Mr.-. Horton -ithen- moved,—" T'hat -in 'ofder : to'' expedite '.matters as mubh' as- ; possible,- and with a viow to meeting the" vcty carly demand for labour which is inevitable, the l'remlcr- of Queensland be - asked to. -usov 1 his : hestv endeavours' - to ar- raiigc that some immigrants shall' arrivo i here earlier than he now. suggests, and that ;in. order .-to-, impress -. upon " liim tho -absolute necessity for endeavouring so to arrange, tho conference appoints a depu tation to wait; upon .the Premier, to placo clearly " before him-: the vqi'y . great ur- . - -gcncy of ., this .matter i; also,, to try -, to secure bis consent to . a -contract, work, clause during.: harvesting pperations-; and' finally to -.- bring under ills -notice any other facts which this conference niay deem necessary.:' . .. , Mr. Swayno seconded .tho motion/which, after discussion, unanimously was agreed to.",: ' Mr. Payne proposed,— ". That beforo tho delegates from tho sugar districts leave the conference, the subject' of 'the founda-; tion of a permanent organisation, he dis cussed." , Mr. Canny seconded tho motion, and it was carried; : Mr. Canny proposed jL" 'That a sub committee, consisting M Mcssis. Swaync, Munro, and the mover be appointed in connection with tho foregoing resolution, to bring up a resolution later in tho'iday. Mr. Anderson seconded, and the motion was carried. Mr. Munro said they would require £150 for expenses, and ho moved that a call of £20 he ma-dc on each of .the districts, Cairns, Mossman, - Johnstone River, Lower Burdckin, Herbert River, Mackay, and Bundabcrg. When formed the association would make a levy of so muoli per ton, and that amount could lie refunded. ' Mr. Markwcil seconded, and the motion was carried. Mr. Donnelly proposed that the Govern ment ho thanked for allowing Dr. Max well and Mr. M'Gco to attend the con ference, and for giving such excellent as sistance. Mr. Canny seconded, anvi tho motion was carried with acolamation, Dr. Maxwell and Mr. M'Gco suitably re sponded. Mr. Munro suggested \tlicy should write to the Premier asking that such corres pondence that might take place between the executive- and himself be treated as- urgent and not. departmental. This was supported by motion, which was seconded by Mr. Swaync and carried. At tho afternoon "session it was pro posed that a vote of thanks he tendered to. tho president; Mr. Gibson presented to Mr. Pri-tcliard a purse of sovorcigns, Which was suitably acknowledged. Mr. Canny presented to tho secretary (Mr. Marks) a- purse of sovereigns, in recogni tion of Iris- services; ' Mr. Payard proposed,— "That a cordial vote of thanks be oasscd to' the Citv Coun cil for thoir kindness in having granted the conference tho use of a room, and t'.ft fomli-ties/it -had. aJIordpd.'' "iMr: " Towiiscnd seconded, and this was carried. ' ' Mr. Gibson proposed, and Mr. N. P. Peterson seconded ,-'.'That the Towns- ville Chamber, of' Commerce' be authorisisd to- conduct all correspondenoo and nego tiations. necessary to give eilcot to the resolutions - passo -at this conference." The motion was agreed to. . Mr. Markwell then proposed a voto of thanks to tho Press, and spoko in very eulogistic terms of the scrvioes. rendered. Mr. Donnelly seconded, and the motion was carried. Mr. Sparre, the Danish consul, ad dressed uio meeting at some length, ad vocating ' the claims of northern Europe. _Mr. Martindalc, labour a "cut, of Charters Towers, attended to refute cer tain allegations, made against him by Messrs. Horton, Donnelly, and Crawford to whioh those gentlemen replied, and the president declared the conference dis solved. 