A School Commissioner Called to - Account. The Committee bn; Education of the Coisde, Gnotha" of the,' Gaelic League met iri-- Dublin on Thursday evening, the" 13th June. A correspondence be tween the Education-. Committee and Dr; Starkie, Resident Commissioner of National Education;- was ordered to .be sent to the press. ' The Education Committee wrote -to Dr. Starkie say ing tliey were much concerned at the statements made inthe public press as to .the recent, remarks made at the recent' Iriiperial Conference in -London, particularly in regard to the Irish f language. If he was correctly quot ed it was a matter of serious mo ment to the interests of the national language when the responsible head ol the Primary .Education, Department professed publicly and in such a way as to obtain the ear of the British: Empire his disbelief in the Language Movement and in bi-lirigualism. The Committee wished before acting In the matter for a reply on the following \- points : (1) As to whether he stated that the people, of Ireland are no bet ter than a race of savages, and (2) whether he used his influence . at the Conference to the detriment of the Irish language. On June 13th Dr. Starkje wrote : "In reply to your let ter, I. beg to say that the statement in the public press to which you refer is without foundation. As it was made by a member of the Catholic priesthood, I think it obvious that the speaker must have1 had before him a report of my speeches which has not come under- my notice, or that he must have confounded me with some other "person : I find it impossible to believe that he would have based such a statement on the reports which I have seen, since, these give no color in any respect to his allegation. 3 never- stated that the people of this, country are no better than a race of savages. What I said was that Ire land, in some respects, is a microcosm of the world, since we have many of the problems which trouble other parts' of his Majesty's dominions. 3 instanced the race difficulty : it is well known that in Ireland there have been immigrations from the time of the Tuatha de Danaan and Firbolgs to the Danish, Welsh, Scotch, and Eng lish settlers. I instanced the bi-linr gual problem : at one time I stated that Irish was tabooed, so that speakers of Irish were decorated with dunces' caps : but that all that was now altered. Even in Dublin, I said, there were households where a word of English was not permitted. As to my using my influence at the Canfei- ence to the detriment of the Irish lan guage, I need only say that I spent several laborious afternoons at an Imperial Committee on 'Bi-lingualism where both languages are European,' and that I advocated, in the face of much opposition, the use of the bi lingual programme, in which, in com mon with my colleagues on the Na tional Board, I am a firm believer, and that I was informed by the, Chairman of the Committee, Dr. Mein, Director of Instruction in Cape Col ony, that he was much impressed by my arguments and' experience. As you are aware, the "National Board have lately secured from the Trea sury a grant of 8s per head for the en cou ragement of. this programme, which is not. in- use in nearly as many schools in Irish-speaking districts as the Board would desire." The Com mittee expressed itself satisfied with Dr. Starkie's explanation. 