FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1907. There can be no doubt that Parlia- ment will gladly endorse the action of the Cabinet in taking over from South Australia the Northern Territory. It is a thing that should have been done years ago had not too much of a huckstering spirit been displayed towards the state which had recog- nised its Australian duty and struggled bravely with its limited resources to develop a huge territory. Details of the conditions on which the territory will be transferred have not yet been dis- closed, but we may be sure, in regard to financial matters, that the Federal Parliament will be willing to deal fairly and with a leaning to generosity to South Australia, which state should not be made to carry a burden which is Australian in character. Now that the Commonwealth is prepared to take the territory over, the great question is, what is it going to do with it? Some of the difficulties which stand in the way of reasonable arrangements being made are only too obvious. The Social- ist party is always on the look-out for some territory to "play with," whether in New Guinea or elsewhere. Its in- fluence was responsible for the exten- sion of the area of the federal capital site to an unreasonable size, because it wished to acquire a small state to ex- periment with. It is always eager to try perpetual leasing fads and other doctrinaire schemes, to the detriment of straightforward, business-like arrangements. If this great and im- portant territory is to be used as a gigantic experimental farm for the socialists to practise upon, it is certain that the main purposes of taking it over will never be achieved. The supreme importance of the Northern Territory to the Common- wealth lies in the fact that it is a vast unoccupied land lying far from the southern and more productive parts of Australia, but separated only by narrow seas from the overflowing populations of Asia. We possess the land and do nothing with it, whilst the great and awakening nations of the East have surplus people who could and would turn it to magnificent use were it open to them to do so. It is not only Asiatic peoples who cast longing eyes on the vacant spaces within the tropics. The world Is "filling up," as Professor Pear- son used to say in his big book prognos- ticating the overflow of the Mongolian races. Every large European power hungers for territory abroad, and a people who do not occupy the lands they own may some day be called on to show cause why the waste places should not be thrown open to all comers. At present the suggestion of on inva- sion of Australia looks utterly absurd, but 20, 30 years hence we shall be living under new conditions. Great a nation as the Chinese are, they found when in difficulties the demand of European powers for large "leaseholds" irresistible. If we want to hold Aus- tralia in peace we must make use of it in all parts. We cannot safely con- tinue to pursue a dog- in-the-manger policy with respect to the Northern Territory, and our first business now we have got it is to people it. Granted that under no circumstances must the foot of a coloured person defile it, then the greater becomes our obligation to find the people who, hav- ing regard to its climatic conditions, will occupy it successfully. Sir James Boucaut, when Premier of South Australia, proposed by liberal grants to induce a Mediterranean race to settle there. The idea was scoffed at, and the opportunity lost; but the same people went to Canada, a land to which, for climatic reasons, they were not nearly so well suited, and proved to be most valuable citizens. It has to be recognised that Aus- tralia is very late in the field in its demand for immigrants. For many years past the American continent has been attracting the surplus popula- tions of Europe by millions, and the cream of the movable people has been drawn off. We must be prepared to offer specially liberal terms to secure settlers. Every inducement should be given to capitalists who will develop the land on lines of private enterprise under Australian conditions. The Territory possesses an excellent har- bour. It has a great, well-watered littoral, capable of producing almost any tropical products. It has temperate regions, fitted for grazing or agricul- ture, and it offers a most fascinating field for adventure in regard to precious metals. Administered in a thoroughly business-like spirit, it should soon become a flourishing part of the Com- monwealth. Liberal grants of free land, subsidies to those who will under- take to introduce labourers and test its capacity for tropical agriculture, any concession in reason that will tempt people to go there and develop the territory, and, if possible, make for- tunes for themselves, should be freely given. The Government, which has undertaken the responsibility, must be called upon to devise a policy that will justify its action. If it does so it will deserve well of Australia. A sensation cxcltln« landon n fow weeks neo was ¡i performance ni the Alliiinibi-a billed ns "Tlio Znnclr; Mya " tory," mi entertainment known In tlio days of Hobt'rt Heller mu! Herr Alex- andre tin "¡second night" or "elulrvoy "iiin-o," now rechrlstenrd "toleimthy" or "thought transference." Tlio Zan I'ittH uro it Danish mltldlo-ngcd married i-oiiplt», with largo oxporlenco of AmorlC'i, mid gifted with an nmount of shrewdness Hint permita thom to talk mid wrlto of everything under the «mi except their real method« of eonumml rut Ion willi oneil other. In butiliiess bourn Mudante, Hit« on Ute Ht II gi», while M. /.IIuri« piiKscii amongst the tiudlcnee rivelvlni: nil bort* mid kimi* of articles, which ho exiimlnos, tho while keeping np n running M»rlo"i of patter questions lo his wife, who describen the oliJoetK iii'i-iii-nti'l.v, nuil noiiietliues In detnll, Mr. A If ml Moni, n musk-Ian, nt one period resident In Victoria, IIIIN charge of the inhibition, and so Judiciously lins he boomed it t lui t the Alhninhrii Is ilii-onged nightly with nimixcd crowds ilrnwn from nil classes of Koelety. Coliinius of most lutcrcstlne Interviews with M. /.nuclg havn nppoared. but In till of thom, Uko llrer Fox. ho "lay " low nuil snia litiilln" to the |tolnt. lils «ml his wlfoV great powern «uno to them, he declare«, naturally, "Uko n " Htit«i>r.(v." They continued to Brow, until ono evening tlio bloMomlng «rrlvctt nt the dinner table «s they were Hitting down to tlio meal. "I " know, flcar," tnlil Madame, "what yon " aro thlnklnit of. I'm very »orry, hut " I conlAn't set niry Ultu morning." M. Zni.elg lookctl mirprlMd, as ho hud not uttered « word. »YC», fl,."r» "«." ",,,. tinned, "you wer« thinking you would "rntlior Imvo CIIITO»' brain» than .'Htenl.." Thl» »ulMitltutlon being exnctly vvlint wa« pawing in M. Zan» I'IK'H mimi, liimlmiiit and wlfo becnmn perfectly Hiitlmled they woro POIIIIWIMHI of tho power of reading wich other'a thought«. From tho fortuna tu diiy of Unit Himplo dinner of «teak, which would bavo bet»ii calve*' bruin» hut for market scarcity. the Zanci«,» have never looked back. Their girt of telepathy WIIH cul» itlvatod for nil It win» worth, «ntl HO ¡well lus It lhrlwi tbut tbelr «mvtos aro now valued at £15,000 per anaum, with many years' engagements booked ahead. They have appeared boforo tho King and Queen, who were quite as much mystified as their subjects; a__ the other crowned heads of Europe are anxiously awaiting their arrival-at least BO Mr.Moul avers, and ho ought to know. Tho only drawback to their marvellous gi« Is that Jr. and Madame Zanclg cannot now have the quiet gamo of cards they so much enjoyed In pre-telcpathlc days. SI. Zanclg, who combines humour with lils other powers, defeated his wife on one of tho rare occasions they did try to play. The gamo was poker, and he held three aces, but ho thought of them as three deuces, and Madame Zanclg, relying Im- plicitly on telepathy, went down. This is M. Zanclg- story, with many em- bellishments for the public to play with. Naturally, Mr. W. T. Stead swal- lowed it nt once, flung his hat Into the arena, ond followed it with a hurricane attack in his best scientific manner. Ile Is angered beyond expression be- cause everyone will not agree with bim that the Zanclg power is but "the "simplest form of natural psychology "common to all." "o lind the Zan eigs to his own house, and after dinner they gave such a wonderful exhibition of "puro thought-reading" that con- vinced him beyond all doubt that there waB no trickery' in {lie performance. But Mr. Stead Is- very Impressionable ¡and very willing to believe, and the iZaucIgs aro remarkably clever people, I trained to safeguard themselves from ¡tlio thousands of expert and prying eyes that nightly watch their performance. Robert Heller (who was taught the |business by a Polish Jew) and other exponents of the art explained that it 1 is dono by the exercise of a particular mental gift, but no higher or more won idorful than a well-trnlned, retentive, nimble, and ready memory. Tour word ' signalling codes are used, bnt tho Znnclgs hnvc added a fifth-Inflexion ,of voice. Combined, they only tot np I.some hundred odd phrases, signs, and cues-not "n circumstance"' to n sorter I In the Now York Post-olllco who con re Imember 20,000 names, und can tell at a 'glance what letters belong to box j holders, or can instantly give the num- ber of any business (Inn's postal box ¡In the city. Were telepathy, clairvoy- ance, or second sight a reality, the minds of all men would be ou their sleeves for daws to peck at The busi- ness of the world could no longer be carried on, and something very like chaos would come again. Cabinet secrets, ctiucus mysteries, stock exchange coups, j turf "arrangement*," market opera- tions, could lie read like a book In the I process of hatching, und before thoy 'were well out of the shell would he 'common proiicrty of all to use at their pleasure. It Is remarkable, by the woy, i that Mr. Stead, who knows better thiin j most Journalists whnt an np|)etlto the ! I public has for revelations, mid has I silent a lifetime In catering for It, has i ¡ never yet been helped hy Julia, lils In-1 , tangible Ariel, to n single hit of special j 'news which was not nceoilhlo to any ¡smart reporter. Monarch» and Minis-1 tors confer with cloned door« In Euro-j pean capitals over questions of limmen-1 lons interest, and Mr. Stead, notwith- ' standing his belief In telepathy and his ' patronage of borcerei'H, has never yet, made what the American press terms ! "a scoop." At II British Cabinet sit- ting, not only are Ministers sworn to silence, but every scrap of pai>er mid every blotting-pad showing Ink murks Is lorn up before they separate. Yet what trouble should It ho to au Invisible spirit such as Julia to attend the Kitting and tell Mr. Stead all that1 passed? More Is to he heard ' of "the fix} story," as the Zanclgn have I kindly consented to a series of tests by I the "Society of I'svchlonl Research," headed by Sir Oliver laodgo, the only I stipulation minie hy M. Zanclg being. that the "thought rending" between j himself and wife must not bo done In alienee. With "the ivholo show given "away" thus. It nlll he Interesting to, hear If the "Society of Psychical Re " search" and Sir Oliver Intend golug, on with tho "tests." ¡ In tropical Australia mi excellent, opportunity Is afforded for the con-) sldonitlnii of n scheme formulated hy , the Bishop of North Queensland.. »rielly, the proposal draws attention! to the fact that uo systematic effort! has been made to study tropic disease«, ¡ nud the suggestion Is otTcro«! thnti the Townsville Hospital might he constituted ns a cllnlc.it and scientific centre for their minute Investigation. Tlie expansion of omplro has utldoil greatly to the white man's burilen In that he Is culled upon to fare the danger of hot climate ills oases, the Incidence of which is mysterious and deadly, lind the treatment of which Is still little or not at all iiiiderKtooil. Owing largely to the advocacy of Dr, Patrick Manson, the s|>ecliil study of tillmctits peculiar to' tropical regions lins recently been made a feature of medical education In Eng- land, and the Liverpool mid London schools, ultu hrmichoH lu vtirlouH parts of the world, luivo ulreatly iiccompllshpil | much excellent work. Thanks to the I researches of Major' Ronald KOSH and Dr. «ruco (who, hy the way, Is n native of Prahran), the secret* of the modo of contagion in malaria und of tho (loudly sleeping sickness Imvo boen revealed, nuil practical mensuren for their proven, tlnn Imvo IKN'I» adopted with success. Re- cent events Imvo forced the uttontlon of America to the same problem, and nu olllclcntly-equlpircel school of tropical medicino has hoeu founded at Munllii. The preciso detall» of tim proinisiii put foi'vvurd hy tho Bishop of North Queensland need not Invite Immediate criticism. Tim tlrst requlsltti for suc- cess Is u gtuiornl nwiikcnliiK of public Interest lu the Importance of the Issues Involved. Northern Australia, by general consent, nffords luilnlto opivorttmlty for tho tnipport of a large mid nourishing population, but before un oxtenslvo Im- migration ta possible It Is nocot-Jwry thut every means should ho uscortnlned I for keeping that population free Ti- oin diseuse. The vast oxpmwea of Unstern nud Central Africa aro being rendered I hnbltablo, not BO much hy fore« of nilli« tury couqucst us by tho ik'uceful mid ptitlmit application of medical science. At tho présent tint** tho Commonwealth QoYtrutucnt contributes ii small annual .ulmldy to tho London school, hut the evorlntatwilng number ot locally« ti-_w_ mcdlcttl men, many of whom munt ov«mUi_,«* foo thomsclve« In northern aistrtcU, makes it highly ileslrab.o that souno facilities Coi« tho Htudy of t-opicRi affection» ttlNuhl ko «(«to. iiawnc tout). .V It Is not enough to say that tropical Australia possesses an eminently healthy natural climate Even If It bo true that no disease Ii likely to be met with tliat has not been described else- where, It Is certain that many affection« exist and others have boon Introduced from without that are not familiar to tho students trained In the presentmedl cal schools. Malaria, Iepio«y, Alarla, nnkylostomlnsis, yaws, and beriberi are examples of diseases that may bo cncoimtercta and are very Imperfectly undcistood; and last, but by no moans least tropical Queensland Is now face to face with the problem of bubonic plague. Plague is definitely established und unless the riddle of Its existence bo rend it will one day decimate our northern cities even though tlie present generation mnv not witness tlie disaster Though strictly speaking plague Is not a tropical disease at all, It appears only to lime established it>clf In aVtistralin under certain conditions of elimata and soil Wbnt these conditions mnv be If nsoprtninablo might throw vnlunble light on Us future prevention Though the scheme suggested bv the Bishop of | North Queensland is little more than n modest beginning it is one Uiat merits I the most serious cousideritlon Advertisers for to-morrow s issue of ' The Argus nro reminded cf the nccessitv for font arding their advertisements tirly lo day Tins request is made in view of the very large number of advertisements np pennng on Saturday The Orient Company's Rojal mail steamer Orotava, with Cughsh mails to January l8 arrived at Fremantle from Colombo at five minutes to 5 o clock yratirday ntternoon «ind resumed her vojige a few hours later She l» not likely lo reach Larg» Bay before Monday night, and the Melbourne portion ot her math) mi) not b) delivered before Wcdncsdiv moi nmg \\\ ttli the object of hiving the holiday on 1 ight Ilour« Day more i,tncrall) observed it was resolved it the moe nig of the 1 tght Hours Committee on \\\ eilnemlay night to wait on the Chief beere tin (Mr Langdon) in regird to the nutter It is dcired thnt tho Government protlinntion should he given i wider scope and ti it wherever pos sible those working on the railwajs whether at construction «iris or at the goods sheds, should be g ven the holiday The Oinmbcr of Manuiac tires Employers Fcdcrition, and Master Ilmldtra' Aisocia tion are to be requested to interest them »elves in having the holith) fully observed Hitherto it has been the rule for the socio ties represented on the committee to giianntce £1 a dcleg-itc to the expense«! of I the fete ««ccing tint this vcar there is to be no art union, which ni» a» a was a guaran ' tee against lo«m, the soc elie* have been I asked to contribute an n Iditional £1 for each delegate As tin re arc about ISO dole | gatci on the commutée n sum of £3110 will be at it« disposal to conduct the dcmonstri tion In view of tho dcliv«. tint take place in the delivery of mills rent from Melbourne to Sjdnev a proposal b n l>ocn made to bivo the letter» sortoil I tween Albury and Sidney A difficulty, i that, owing to tht I steep grtdient« on the hni the weight of | cieh trim is a serious consideration, anti, the tollngstoik nits «iry t> carry the or diuary passenger triflic is a« much as can be carried on one trim Whenever there| is a rush of pis»ini\er tnfbe the Sjiln»y trun» ire run in two ptrtn There would tlierc'ore, bo some ol jcc--oti to attaching a mail van to the trim The nutter is now i nder the const le, m n of the Kallura is Comm isioncn 1 iltoon commiRBiomr« of the Metrópoli tin li »ard of Work« hridcd hv the acting clniunnn (Commis* oi cr Cano- Riildcll) ml nccompinieil bv Hie engineer in chief (Mr Ihwnito») anti ti secretary (Mr fl \ Gibbs) yoiterdij made an inspection of, tint pirt of the valley of tho Yarra affected lv Mr Thwaites» «-herne for the creition ni a like Thcv pmccoded bj tnin to Ileidel IHIg and thence Ir vehicle rron» Koni height* a bird i-eje view of tho localitv wis' obtained On the return journey toe site of the propo« d weir at 1 uirliold an I an nltoroative n i vi Inch Mr 1 hw uto han. undir roninilintion noir Dights rills viere inspected It is undcrstno I that the Miiiwlir of Watir Supply (Mr Swinburne), will vhortlv convene a conference of the bodies interested m tho control of the Uiver \an-i J he poft-oflieo employ is' pirme will take ) lice it Mornington to morrow, mil the following irrmgeinontt with regird to postal huâmes« will take effee -The <«1'O Melbourne, will bo dosed al 10 a m but »tampa »ill be «old and registered let lera dchvcre«d until I) p m liiere »ill bo no ck nraiict» of li ttcr pillars bul country mails will be received and do,iateheil us usual Hie money ordrr ofiico will be open from 0 a ni lill half past 10 a m Iclcgrim» will bo nxmed and do«patohe-d all ilav, but as tlio »-iff will bo reduced the« public are requested to lodge their business before 10 a in the branch post and tilegniph office« al Hoiirl Mtrcel oast, Citv road 1 h'abct'i «ticot north Ilolliini Hill Ho- cen nig IIOIIK, Law Courts, Marl c1 s'reet, Menue» Hotel nml the Treasury Office«, will bo closed at 10 a in Suburban post oiliccs will close at 10 a in and onlj Hie first mails in the morning will bo sent from Melbourne to the suburbs Onlj the first dthverv h> htte--camer will be effeUed Itcfcn nee una mado jostcrday bj the« Prune Minuter (Mr Deakin) to tht ques- tion of more liberal treatment bj the (.oin mon«« lilli of ti o produetii of the New llcbnil i in reply to a question rehung to tlio i xtracU from tho P-niish Hine Hook ] uhliHhcd in ' Tho «\tvi» jesterdij Mr ]>mkiti said that, in viow of tin) debato u liieli would in all probability tikcpluee it the Impimi (.onfetmee, he liad no dor-he to say anything at present. 'here» were, hovvcvei, some representation» contained in n 1 iter mt moratidum from the Common wealth Gflveniiiunt and which waa not in elulsl m tin Blue Hook No iiidieitton would IH? pi vin bv Mr Dcnktn the htir tuemoniiiilum contained, but it t» understood that it »et» out in some dobell tho ilillulillie» to bo »iimiounled belora the New Hebrides could bo Included in a Cu» toms union with tho Ooinmonweiltli The committee winch 1» to »licet tho Vin toi inn Ulindi«« nholir (or 11X17 will meet l'»r (lu purp vie of making tho sells lion on a .lota to I« fixed at the end of titi» month, win II intending eandidate» will submit their iliiin» t» tin» covered honour Ihe member» if tho lonmnttce aro Hw Kseellencv the i.ovinior (««ir Kocmald Itvlbot), the Clnof luatiit« (Nr lohn Madden), tho Director of IMui mon (Mr T late), tho president oi the piofii«sonil board at Hu lltilversitj , (Professor «spencer), nod l'rofcsnor l.jle« ' tho ivpnsenlalivo of tin University Conn ml nie oondiüoiiH of the st holantlups founded bj the lalo Mr Civil Rhode« ro iimri tint ionslilerarion «hall b«t> givwi lo tim «indi hie t »ttainmeulji. a» u »oholar his pei s« uni üiaracter, and Ma cup uah a» j an «tillite \ wnteneo of live year»!* Imprisonment I with haul laliour was vestcrdi) iniposed bv I Imlae Chomlej in tho Coull o( Ikmnal, Nsslon« «pon George Hot» alias Arthur DUM», for Iho theft of four lot» of poultry . Ho»« admitted eight provioui conviction« and denied il\ othei prior conviction» alleged ngaiiwt him bj the Crown, but a jurj, after, hearing evidence found that tho man had1 lu-cil convicted the six time « in nucstion I ho prisoner'» reeonl of fourteen priors | tiprmnted terms of impilsoiuuent aggre- gating H vcar» and si\ months Di tho Ji persons who have »o fur been found guili), or liavi picnic«! Kinltv »t tim Kibmaiy «it ling» of tin Court ot Genual Sewlon« no les«, than ¿J had pilot et miction* leoordcd ngiiiiiat i lu in In two last» the prisoner« had nub bun tonvielnl 11 tnin« Info« thtvo iiili ii Ininti ii tight prim (omnium» anil, I hi 11 in I non lodgi ti t li 11 t lu v I i 11 it h bri n I mnv n hil nun innis «, it viuiis.lv Mit Hi the I for .'1 iiinvii linn» tttsiiilul at tin so nut tug» tinto was the told ( f 111 pt tor eon vii don« To day tiny Siitmmu« Court Cntutn«! Kit lings for 1 oin uno will begin, willi Mr «tit tiro «Vlleekett on the bonall A« tim heavy ?.alendar of criminal care« for the 1 olu-timi sitting of the Couti of Uinetnl Ucssloiis has not jet been got through, two criminal courts will bo in «salon to (hy and foi part ot Mit «Mok, Among tb» ruses to bo ¡Uti .UfcítwwiiOMirt Crlmliul Sit« bn.cs is (lint o£ the young man, Tbomns Ircloai, ii bo is ehaiged with tho mnrdcr of Mrs "Mary Patterson, at Albert park in November last. This cuso has been twice remanded Those candidates who failed to satisfy the examiners of their fitness to becomo tea chers at the recent examination, and were consequent!) refused tegistration, will bo given an opportunity during tlie present yeal of qualifying themselves They must spend at least 190 dais in the observation and practice of teaching in schools, and under teachers approved by the board, and must give ten criticism or example lessons, the notes of which must he preserved for tlie examiners In December next an ex immation to test their teaching capacity will ho held In the meantime the ooard offers no objection to their accepting tem pornrj employment as teachers It is not ntcessiry for teachers in a private fainilj to be registered, so long as the children taught were not moro tlun three of two families I Au older absoluto ivas jesterday made bv Mr Justice Hood for the sequestration of the cstite of John Bj rae, of Hinders street, Melbourne, importer, on the motion of Mr Cohen At Hie conclusion of the nrgument for the1 phintiff tn the case of the ¿National Trus tee«, 1 xecutors, and Agency Companj Limited v Hassett, in the iirst Civil Court io«tordnj, Mr Justice Cussen rosen ed his drci«ion This ea«c, in which the matter m dispute ivis as to the ownership of a strip of land at Canterbury, from 1ft to 3ft in width, lias been before the Court since Sep tcmber of last jeir Intricate question« of f tot as to the exact position of the land m dispute and important points of law with regard to the meaning of certain sec üons of the Transfer of Lund Act 1890, and m relation to adverro posscsion, are in volved in the case Ihe taking of evidence ivis concluded on October 31 of last j ear, hut the arguments of counsel did not close till lestcrdiv when judgment was re sirved Mr Duff), KC and Mr .Starke (initiucted bj Messrs Gavan Duffy and King) appealed for the plaintiff compinv, mid Mr Irvine, K C and Mr Dans (in «trueted bv Mc«irs Abbott and Beckett) for the defendant \ meeting of the members of the Stock Tnehnnge Club was held jesterehj after noon, with Air R M Turner in the chair, lor toe purpose of revising the clubs rules in accordance with tlie niachincrj clause« of the new Licensing \ct \ draft set of nilis was adopted nnd will replace the rules under which the club lias hitherto been con duitcd Ti e Postmister Gcncnl has notified Mr Croueh M P, of the establishment of a tele Ídione sen lee between Geelong and Alni nilton after Monday next \c-tcriUv a deputation from Rutherglen intn on the Minister for I ducauoii (Mr Sachse), an 1 suggested thit tho plans lor the pro po«cil siboo) works it Rutherglen be al , ornl md thit a différent site bo chosen ! It w is contended thit, owing to tho mercas nig population of the district, the propos.il to provide for in addition of onlj 00 j scliol irs in the ucliool accommodation was cot sulliiient 'Hie existing uto »is de- scribes! ns msmitarv, and therefore danger ou-, to the health ol the children lhc| Munster | lomit«! that the sit« of the pre- < sent school should bcsdnincd thit improve iriuts should he made in the existing; nc eninnioditioti and that the neu building for thi junior classes would be erected in tho centre of the t-chool grounds, where mv futur additions would al*o he pheed He' n l-o promised to provide further equip i mi ii I « li« ii reelor of \giiculturc Ins received' from Mr Henry Ville jim of Picola Weil a i«|irt in connection with his experience« n the Icdenton v-incU of wheat Mr V iii Mites that he obtained one bushel of tin I cdention wheat from Dookie College I n I*i This was sown without manure «>n illow Und at the rato of hall a bushel to tin jen« anil vieldcd am bags to the aere I lie pi durn ol this crop w is agim planted in HKX) it the rate of «lb to the acre It v s min withiut manure on fallow land winch hid been «roppcil off and on for oT> vin« I'lie result w is eight bushels to the nn 'Ihe produce of £jlh ot seed re- turned 1"0 lags of whcit Not hiving i um gh Inlonttinn to »ovv the whole hold Mi X ile plnnloil a portion of Ins puddo k vvnh I i 1 itravv, wini h onlv returned two Ixi,- Ihe seed of this vnnetv vm ven rintv and nlmvellfd, whilst tho buds ol tin IVdentlon were quite plump ntul full Olliir v ineiiti were tried with the MUK n«ult is the Itcd Mri» \lthoui,h otliei fillmv imp» uri Mown down hv st inn« 1" tinton vv th«to< I thom und it times th crop win liti rill) minding in vv-ilir 1 (sstordni afternoon Mndunc l-inger as si«tod h) Mn lturtnn instructress of dress ' n iking nt the Working Men's Gnllexe gave i ilcmonstritiou in the upper bill of the \ I licntrtiiii of her new mi I nod of »cient lu dnxwiixl ing Jam t latidv Clnrke premdt«! mid Miss Te-gi Inn ii r, the president ol tin «.hool for phin neoillcw rk was nl»o nrp Hcnt Hie lull vv is crow led with ladim vv JO took gre «I iiileirat in the methods, and the liri tied v of (do dnftor in« «nplxinod «nd executed hv MIK. Hurt m in 111 11 litinn to bringan nul to tin nnking >f liles lostumex the dpif cr is jil«! i« un nil where chtl lr«n s orivin nun« ii inns niomcrnnl lho one Ullstein cm lie in I d m fut to ill hnrcho, of nreilowi ii -milln» of courus lends nn nddinotnl vii lo it Those pre- sent exprc-«ioil tin mu Ivis II« being tho roughlv Kitisfied tliil lln now devil«pment of s icntific dn> iiiikin" will lo i boon to manv I A fin" Jue specimen iroiolilo (Crocodilus poro«usl nlmut 15ft ling irnvnl In tho | \ I *. "N Cimpinv » ?« Wotlongi j . «1er i du from Qiieen»liin I in good < nil r ind condition «nd »its lilscratoil tit ni out 4 p. in | Hi Hie presence of i br-e mimbi r of v niton« | to the vqimriuin Hu monster will I e on i new mob du without ans extra chirgi X tieettng of tie Victorian division of the Im migration la-agxir f Al «nilla «ill be he! 1 I« diy at 6 o clock pin in the Clanbrr of Man i factures. dtlrtns are cordially invited to at len«! Tu-da) . auction »air« »re a» follow» -Mrs-»«. fi^mnrll Ti Writ »i I C> »I Ihrlr mini «VI lina »inet wines, ale. A« Muara, llajlre and Co al Heir n«m« ' lllns-strret li «-lies, draperl dollin, Jeirllrry Ac Mr««r» Ural ihami limber« at t! r mm«, C lim« streit I ouse! old fimiture I eil», and effeel» Mr Jimri 1 Wl»e ol li« ro-m« t Hin» »tri«-t household fimiture Messe« W I VI rill an I Son it ti sir room«. Claren Ion «lreel -D lb Mellournr, «lill furnlsl ings an I | lar"_ R0\RD OP WORKS TENDERS. Mn «-WlMllTtM ?« OPINIONS III MiK.O nnirsdiv -Ihe Mini-tor it Water "iiipplv (Mr Mi inhume) Muai im. nt n fnnclinn nt 1-s.i.lrli wk to-dai midi pikeung nfemiir t«i llu il«ui»»ion at Iii Hunting of the Metre) ilitsn Roan! of Work« marOing lho el nins nf town mi rcuntrj tuulerxi-s He saul that lu lltitight »oinc of the moulinrs if tim lioird had »hown i v tv | irxxhiil spirit A loath tn um tinn hid ti nilen ii at Ali below nil) « tiltr temlerir mid vit a proposal to uji I tin lowest ollir, that nf n counlrv lum in favour if i «iii tend rcr lud bun undo lie ivis ver) iii ni imbuí lo know lint l> li innjorili if en ti" '.oird hld Eli til the worl to tin lowi.t ti n 1 r«r (Hear, heir ) riioii shoul 1 he no di» niiiinatioii or pri fet «nie lHtvvi«en town um! lountrv tendir* 