CLOSER SETTLEMENT. From Denmark something tuay be learned in the application of the closer settlement system. There the prin ciple of the sundivisioB of tda laud das beeti earned to n much greater extent than in other countries. There the small fanner is almost in every in stance the owner of the plot bo culti vates. Th« Stntfl fosiprs thisriestr* of acquisition, and any man of good charnctw who has arrangpd to bay ? small allotment can borrow from public funds one-third of tlm necessary pur chase money. There is no trouble about interest or repay niRnt, but until tho loan is rrpoirl tlm o»vn«»r must com ply' with conditions of cultivation, and is not free to do as he pleases with the initnt on the part of the State is that 54 per cent of tlie population belongs to the agricultural classes, and 46 per ci»nt. are actual farmers. The majority of the holdings are in the moderate class, over 7 and under 50 acres, and there is a distinct tendency to sub divide when the holdings are larger. Uther points conducive to Danish prosperity are found in agricultural evocation and co-operation. School training teacliPS the dignity of manual work, and does not bold out mislead ing ideals. When we notice the ruth for employmrnt in the different ser vicea, muusanas o[ applicants tor a few hundred vacancies, we may doubt whether our own State school system is entitled to similar praise. Coopera tion is also carried out in Denmark to an ext*ut much beyond anything with which we are familiar. Not only is there co-operation in production, but also in distribution. Feed for stock is purchased jointly. Veterinary advice is similarly obtained, and pedigree cattle for the improvement of stock are se cured in like manner. The success of Danish agriculture offers strong evi dence in favor of the methods by which it is accomplished. Statr Parliament Dissolved. — The State Parliament expired by effluxion of time on Tuesday last ; and the general election will take place on Tuesday, Sep tember 10th. Chdech or England —As th» Lord Bishop of Goulburn will be at Koors watha on the 1st Sunday in the month, thrr* will be no services in thu Church of England, Burrowa. and at Rye I'ark on that date ; but they will be held on the 2nd Snndsy inaivml QoARrsniv Licensing Coort.— The Qoarterly Licenaiog Cuart, for the dis trict of Burrowa, will be held at tbe Court Rousa. Bnrrnwa, on Wednesday to October. J Football.— The football mstah between j Gunning and Barren Jack for Saturday : last fell through, owing to the Barren Jack team failing to fulfil tbe engagement. Gunning team consequently wan some what disappointed, but the Fas* ' All Blacks' marshalled their forces, and an ex citing game eventuated, Gunning winning by 6 to 3. Mr. S. C. McLean was re feree. — A natch was played on the Yass park on Wednesday afternoon, by teama representing St. Augustine's Old Boys and Binalong senior footballers The Yass boys played up splendidly, winning by six points to three. For Yass the tries were obtained by G. Braasil and E. Batve, the latter accepting a pass from J. McAppion, who had put in a splendid run down the line. For Binalong L. Hoye scored a try. The visitors were enter tained by the Yass boys. Miiomo Leabb Afpkoved. — Tbeunder- mentigned applicaliuu for a lease for mining 'purposes of private lends, io Unas of the Mining on Private Lauds *ct, has bten approved, and it is in tended, after the expiration of fourteen days from 14th August, to issoe tbe lease applied for as htreunder, subject u- regulations made or to bo made ?:— 0 G. Samsay, portion No. tax. 3, part of 63, 64, 59 and 60. county Harden, parish Galong ; area, 20 acres ; period of lease, 16 years. Flower Show.— Tbe Flower Show, in connection with the local Presbyterian Church, will be held early in October, sou me *cneuuiw oi pnzca win ua ihumi ia a few days. Land Available — County Monteagle, parish Gungawalla, containing au area of 900 acres ; at 16t. 8d, per acn. At 13s. 4d. per acre, county of MonteagU, parish Gungewalla, containing an area of about 150 acrvs ; county of Muotea^le, parishes of Murripgo North and Gunge walla, containing an area of about 2920 acres ; at 16s. 8d. per acre, within annual lease No. 23,059, county of Monteagle. parish Gungawalla, ooutaioing an area of about 110 acres. Available on 10th October. Situated in Yeungland district. Closer Settlement, — Murrnm burrah. — Surveyors; are now as work marking out the subdivisions of the Cunningham Plains estate for the owners. Some of the local people are perturbed by sv report that the survey win dul pruviuu tor oioc&b; leas *naa 1000 acres. No doubt the Government, which has practically forced the sub division, will set to it that the areas are not exc«-SHir--. This estate com prises over 60,000 acres, and skirts on either side of the line from Harden past Galong. Libul Action, — Mr, C, D. Haywod, Mayor of Hobart, has obtained £3000 damages, the amount claimed, for libel against tbe ' Clipper,' a local Labor weekly journal. The libel consisted of allegations that plaintiff was a sweater, paying his carter 1 Is. per week, but which was shown to be without founda tion. jnaiuiuinia run ^ui.u.'ioi.Anu.'— i lie Ormuz, which arrived at Adelaide from London on Monday, had on board 193 free immigrants, bourn) for North Queensland, to work on the sugnr Gelds. This makes a total of 750 sent. £12 Every Wrek. — Melbourne, Tuesday. — General indignation ha' been expressed in all parts of tbe State in connection with the action taken by Federal members to increase their salaries from £400 to £600 a year. In all electoratos il is coniiulered that the proposal should lirst have hnen sub mitted to the pnople. The Lord Mayor has convened o public meeting, to be held in the Town Hall tomorrow. uuuuiwnu IVAlbWAY X7ATALITK. ? Mtl bourne, Tuesday. — Mabel Hutch inson, a domestic servant, aged 20 years, was run over and killed by a train bntween NewmarkM and Ken sington this tnorniog. TJ-«- body was literally cut in two. Deoented wns employed at Kensingion, and com menced her duties only yesterday. She lighted a tire at 6 o'clock to pre pare breakfast, and then left tint house. The young woman's boots were dis covered on the permanent way about 40 yards from the body, which was lying midway across tlie rail. fatal .mining accidekt.— Broken Hill, Monday. — Two men were killed at tlie British mine on Saturday by a fall of ground. William Thomas, 80, miner, William Whiddy, 35, trucker, and three other men, were engaged betwean the 500ft. and 600ft. levels of the Howell section, securing some bad ground, when portion came away from the hanging wall, burying Thomas and Whiddy under it, and fatally injuring them. The other men escaped. A long time elapsed ere the men were dug out. Thomas leaves a widow and two children. Whiddy was single. He was prominent in local labor circles, and a well-known contributor to ths press. Tho Oowra Show dates are September 4th and 6th. ' LINSEED COMPOUND.' The ' Stookport Remedy ' fnr Coughs and Colds. Of 40 years' proven cfticacy. The Minister for Lands addressed a meeting »t West Wyalong on Tuesday night in support of Mr. Carroll's candidature. He claimed that tbe Government, by its land administra tion, had enabled thousands Of families to settle under successful conditions. Federal Qua&antikk; Bill. — The Pasturrc Boards Council of Advice does not view with favor the Quaran tine Bill now before the Federal Parlia inunt. At its last meeting the board adopted the following resolution, which has been forwarded to the Minister for Lauds, Mr. J. Ashton ? ' That the Pastures Prnt.w-tinn Ftn.rrlc Council of Advice advocate more stringent precautions being taken with respect to the introduction of foreign stock, which should be on the lines of those now existing in tlm State, and strongly protests against the provisions of the bill being extended to take the control of diseases existing within the State out of the hands of the State wuvriuuirui. Don't Couob.— Relief can be ob tained iiniui-diately. Use ' HEATING'S COUGH LOZENGES '—well known as the utterly unrivalled Cough Remedy. Stronirly rec--mm« tided by many eminent physicians. They at ouee cheok the coueh and remove the cause— withoutany after effect ; the most delicate cau there fore take them. Oue Lozenge alone gives ease — one or two at bedtime ensures rest. Sold every where iu (ins, 13jd. each. 