ftfa'Qttíbm (Smite FRIDAY, AUGUST IC, 1907. TO-DAY. Generally fine weather in South-eastern Queensland to-day. The steamer Arawatta and the Danish barque Ingeborg came into collision carly- on Wednesday morning, when in the vicinity of -Port Stephens. The narquc was almost cut in two, and sank in a few minutes, tile captain and six of the crew being drowned. Yesterday's sitting of the Legislative Assembly was devoted to further debate upon the Address in Reply, and at 10 p.m. it was further adjourned until Tuesday next. By tlie11 Orient liner Ortona, which ar- rived at Pinkenba yesterday, 171 immi- grants arrived, including 153 cancfields workers. Mitchell Qowns station has been sold to Messrs. Cobbold and O'Brien for £40.500. In the Federal Senate yesterday the Supply Bill was passed through all its stages. The Bills of Exchange Bill was amended in Committee, and reported. In the House of Representatives the bill to increase members' salaries to £600 was read a second time, Sir William Lyne nd tmitting that it was to bo considered as a Government bill. In committee an amend- ment to moke the salary £500 was nega- tived by 29 to 12, but an amendment exempting the salaries of Ministers and the President, -Speaker, and Chairman of Committees from the proposed increase was accepted by the Government and carried. An amendment that the new salaries should date from the commence- ment of the Act instead of from July 1 was carried, and the bill was passed through all its stages. At ¡the reception to the representatives of the district. L exhibits given, by the -national Association at Bowen Park yes-' terday afternoon Mr. John Macdonald (chairman of the association) intimated, as an evidence of the advertising value of the Show, that Mr. Tlios. Heuslop, of Messrs. J. aAd T. Heaslop and People's Ca«h Stores, had purchased £2S00 of goods exhibited at the Show. The New South Wales bowlers yester- day met a team representing the East Brisbane and South Brisbune Clubs. The game resulted in a win for the visitors by 107 points to 7S. Mr. Deakin has left Melbourne for Syd- ney on his way to North Queensland, but has not settled upon any plans, his inten- tion being to go from place to place as best suits him, and he is particularly anxious that no notice should be taken of his trip. In connection with the new tariff the Minister for Customs states that it has been found impossible to make an excep- tion in the ease of goods in transit, and the consequence is that tile new duties must be puid on all goods cleared after til» tnrifr tvno ),-?i"l.<\- ,ln... the tariff was brought down. King Edward, on his way to Murienb.iJ, visited AYilhelmshohe, where he was met by the German Emperor and Prince von Buelovv. The meeting between the King and Kaiser was extremely cordial, and King Edward was warmly ucelaimed by the people. Lord Ashtown, who has been under police protection in Ireland, has had a narrow escape from assassination. Ex- plosives ivere placed on the yvindow sill of the drawing-room of his shooting scat in county Waterford, where he was asleep at the time, and the explosion wrecked the place. There is no clue to the perpe- trators of the outrage. A conference is being held at Belfast in connection with the labour strike«, and arrangements for a settlement are pro- gressing. Dr. Willey, of the United States Agri- cultural Department, is now in Europe, and is sounding the health departments of the various countries as to the advisa- bility of holding an international confér- ence to secure uniformity of practice in dealing with food adulteration. A large Esperanto Congress is being held at Cambridge, and thirty nationalities are represented. The American telegraphic strike lins spread to Canada, and the strikers assert that 95 per cent of the telegraphists in the United States will be out by next Monday. In a cellar in New York belonging to an Armenian secret society the discovery was made of a large store of bombs, daggers, and poisons. German newspapers publish telegrams from Casablanca (Morocco) accusing French officers of being the aggressors in the first affray with the Moors, and stat- ing that the French troops lied, and were saved by $ Spanish detachment. Details have been received of many horrible atrocities of the tribesmen at Casablanca, one Spanish baker being roasted in his own oven. The Russo-Japanese Convention, which has just been published, maintains the status quo of the respectivo territories of the two Powers with the principle of equal opportunity. It recognises the in- dependence and territorial integrity of China, and equal opportunity of commerce and industry for all nations in China. Both Powers- ure pledged to uphold the maintenance of the status quo in China, and the principle of equality, with all tile peaceable means at their disposal. At the Peace Conference a Dutch pro- posal, supported by Great Britain, has been submitted, that anchored submarine mines, if so constructed as to become harmless in two hours, may be laid in the sphere of active operations in naval war- fare. Germany opposes this limitation, and is supported by Austria and Russia., 