»VCHO* IAXIS. ' " ' , ¡ OÍO-MORROW. ' MtK ¿THE ¡ROOMS, QUEEN-STREET. ; At Half-past Ten 'o'clock . 1. ^DOG-CÁRT ünd BET: . PONY HARNESS. / . / . Gent's Saddle and Bridle. 12 Horse Rugs, 12 Coiv. Riigíi ' 1 Go-cart. 1, Ice Chest. .'. 201b..BEB3WAX. 15ft. Garden Hose, VAn, \ ' onice TablÇ, 2.drawori.'X , \- 2 Revolving Office Ohaiis. 1 -Grindstone, Roller Bcaringi.-. 15 Venetian Frefich ¡Light Blinds, 5.0 X 1.9. 2 Glass Sliding Doors, in cedar, 43. x 2.5. 2 Wire Screens in'Cedar. 1 OHAFfX3UTTER. Superior Lawn Mover, nearly new*. J . 2 Violins, vVith bows and cases. > * Tent-. 0x8. .Gladstone Bag, Portmanteau. Double-barrel Brecehloiidini; Gun'. Pair Buggy Lamps,- Dog Kennel. 11 Watchils-English Lever, Waltham, &c.; ". . , - i Cases Oranges, d Cases Lemons, from Yandina. . ,, US Quarter-cases Oranges. 10 Muscovy Ducks, (I Young Ducks. ' 3 Bedstead Casca and 4 Crates. 'At Ilalf-pahb Eleven o'clock. SUPERIOR HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE AN» EFFECTS, Including Tron-framo Trichord Piano, Cabinet Organ, 2 Singer .Solving ¡Machines, latest improved ; Sideboard, ¡Kane}' Claire, Oc- casional Tabîch, Whatnot, Dining Tabli-s, A.B.* Chaire, ChestH Drawers, Woshstands. Toiletware, Bedsteads, Bedding, and General Household Furniture. KING, CRIBB. & KING will sell by auction, on TUESDAY, Hay 7, As above. Mo3t of which are Without Reserve. yaOFIUSIONAL ENOAGEKCENTS, ITC. Up'U 16 words (not.to «oead-9 Un«), M. once, far three eonsecrtive tim»! 1/ PREPAID. ACCOUNTANCY. 'Accountants, Civil Service, telephone, local auditors', and all exams. Bookkeeping, typewriting, shorthand ; students success- fully prepared in «lass, privately, or by correspondence. S. E. F. Allom, Edward-«t A BEAUTIFUL SKI' OF TEETH. Perfect lit and mastication guar., from £2 upwards. Our £2 plates are as ' good in quality and probably better in fit than, usually made in Brisbane for £5 5s. Ideal Dentists, 128 Queen-street (over Pettys Limited). Tal. 1453. _ ALL PUBLIC EXAMINATIONS. Every Candidate from Kelly's College, Temperance Hall, passed last Cu. Exam. A ÄOADE Millinery School, the leading ?"? school in Queensland, thorough in- struction, all branches of fashionable mil- linery; latest modes studied; day and even- ing classes. Mrs. Wingrave, principal TMUSBANE High School for Girls. ** Boarders reside at Toowong. E. A. Peivings, prin. Half quarter -May 22. BRISBANE TECHNICAL COLLEGE. SECOND TERM Begins MONDAY, 13th May. Pees, hours, &c;, with List of Classes, may be had at the College Office, 8-5, and 7-0 Daily. _ BRISBANE TECHNICAL COLLEGE. SECOND TERM BEGINS MONDAY, MAY 13. DAY BUSINESS SCHOOL. Accountancy, Bookkeeping, Office Prac- tice, Shorthand Speed Practice, I.P.S. Diploma, Typewriting, German and French, Esperanto, thoroughly practical courses-9.15-12.15, and 1,30-4.30 ; les- sons of 1 and 1/2 hour. No cramming- Straight-out Education. Terms begin at enrolment-14 weeks. Siugle subjects, 14s. Full Commercial Course-Six hours daily, £5 5s. Term of 14 weeks. Accountancy a Specialty. DAY S0HO0LÔF ART AND DESIGN ' Froeliand, (Model, and Cast Drawing, .Still Life and Life in Pencil and Brush, Woodcnrving, Modelling, Embroidery, Geometry, Perspective, Design. DAYSCHOÖTOF SHEEP AND WOOL TRAINING. Complete instruction in wool-classing, nml the wool trade in all branches; shcop aajsing,. for meat or wool ; 10 a.ni. t«" 4 p.m. daily, i£5 5s. per term ; 14 meeks. Piiätoralists' and Farmers' Bookkeeping, and hoiv to write a business letter. TRADE CLASSES. Building Construction, Architectural Drawing, Surveying, Sanitary Plumbing, Oirpentry and .loinery, Cabinet-making, Wood-htfnin¡r. Upholster}-, French Polish- ing, Decorating and Lettering, Boot. Pat- tern Cutting, Tailor's Cutting, Photo giaphy, Dressmaking, and Millinery. DOMESTIC DAY SCHOOL Cooking in all branches, Fruit Preserv- ing, Confectionery,' Household Accounts, Ironing, Domestic Economy, Ambulance, Dressmaking, Millinery. g SATURDAY CLASSES! For Teachers and Scholars ; Freehand, Object, Molle! und Cast Drawing, Prac- tical Geometry, Perspective, Brushwork, Modelling, Nature Study, Lectures in Geo- logy, Botany, Physiology, &c.; Bookkeep- ing, .Shorthand, Typing, Dressmaking, MiUincry, Cooking, Boys' Woodivorlc, 5s.; Elocution. J " Fees, &c;, at Office, 10-5, 7-9, daily; Saturday, B-12._ COLLEGE FOR BOYS, SOUTHPORT. Head master, P. G. H. Guilletmot, Spand. Col., Bell. Um., cl&as; and comm, educn.; well Tent, dormitoriw, acetylene gas, sea bathing; terms mod. 2nd Term 18th April. /CLERIC ivautcd, preference given to ?^typist ¡mil pbonogiuphcr. Apply, statins salary required, to "Ledger," Box W3", this office._ jg ("\A!FLTSOH, (Misscí.-IPiano, theory,"..". v-/ tendajiicc, Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday mornings. Mr. Cailibch'n Acadeniv, "80 Queeii-sti-ect. _yk . TRANCING.-Mrs. Mason Beatty's adult .*-' class, next quarter Friday, 20th, *) stead of Tuesday. 23rd April (afterwards on Tuesdays), at 7.30, Protestant Hall. Private address, Langakavv-et., New Farm. ?Phone 127._ T)ANCING.-Miss R. Barltrop (pupil .*-' lead, teachers Syd.) Caledonian Riooms. Adults, 7.30 p.m.; 2nd quarter May 22. TRANCING.-Mr. Win. C. Oxlade's begin .*-' ners' classes, Mon.. Wed.. & Sat. even. Protest. Hall. Pars. Hall or 229 Adelaide-st ¡TRANCING.-Advanced class in coiuiec .*-' tion with Mr. Wm. C. Oxlade's classes will commence in Protestant Hall next Monday, May 0. One qr. till end of se'eon. TJRAPERY.-Wanted smart junior for *~^ men'b mercery depart., previous exp. necessary. T. C. Beirne fc Co.. the Valley. J) A L JJ Y 11 O S P I T A L. APPLICATIONS arc invited from Trained Nurses for 1-he Position of Matron or the above Hospital. Salary £70 per annum. Applications (endorsed) to bo in the the'hands of J. II. Braddock, Secretary, by TUESDAY, May 14, 1007 frlGH School for Boys, Southport.-Hoad ?*-*? master. Rev. H. H. Dixon^B.A., Can- tab. (3 years house master Warkworth House, Cambridge). Sound education; large new school ; private chapel. Buildings fitted with acetylene gas. AU boya ander immediate care head master. Tensa on* application to Head Master._ MR. S. G. Benson, piano, «dngÚH, organ, , and theory lessons. Kent's Bsüdiing», Adelaide-Street, city._ \f~B- Wm. Virer, teacher violin, piano, ?"*. and theory ; leaaona Bruncwkk-st., nearly opposite Railway Station. .»TILLelNERY (Briab. Technical College) ?***-thoroughly taught; abo at Princeas jtr««t. Kangaroo Point. Miss HeaaeU. jfc AUCTION SALIS ro MORROW At Elcren o Cío k ON THL PRLMISLÖ TOOWONG, CLOSr IO CI METERY GATPb STOCK Or STONL AND MARBI E AIOVUAIPVJ S MAUS (llO^L» lAGLOSURrS, ALSO QU VNTIIY or DiussLD \ND ROUGH STONT 2 JIL iJUi^LS, lUILUINGo (for Re- moval), &e; Under it slnictions from Sirs rp George Bower and (o who ire gitiii" up this part of then bunine-« TÇLIS I OVE oTccT will scU by aue .*? tion, as above Also, At Tliree o Clocl At their SA or! s at Bowen Bridge road near the Ha-pltal The Sale wall be continued by offering THL PORIIOV 01 PLANT NECLSSARY I OR A10NUMLNTAL BUSlVEf»«« Comprisinc P\RTLY WORM D SIOVE ROUGH STONE MARBLE MOCKS SLABS WASIi>S AND CHIPS LAIHE for Hand or Power ' Nov. Polisher and Truck 2 Small Hand Cranes, Toole,, Photo graphs b WITHOUT RESERVE "SOTT -Previously or on Day of Sole, Alcíisrs Bow sei et Co are prepared to quote Lowest Rates for Lettering and ] rccting in any Suburban or Country Cemetery -No 5884 rpOOWONTGJ REACH ESTATE TUP UNSOLD BLOCKS m this Magni fieent Property are now held for PR1VA1L SALE at Auction Prices and Terms v ISLES LO VF & C0C AUCTIONEERS BBOFESSIOHAI, EHGAOEHEim. E10 \fISS Hen7ell (pupil Madame Christian), «.". voice production singing deep breath ing Palings, also Kangaroo Pt, day, evening y» MR C II Mien teacher of solo" Bing ing violin pi mo h-iiiiiony and coun teipont will attend at Pilings on Wed ne I it mil Thnisdav next to vmol pupils "\riSS A M Costin punte teacher, -t'i cpcci ii subject* Wednesday evenings Kangaioo Point School of Aits >h p\R!NER sound going concern, ¿100 -1- capital, able to travel wanted, stand inspection Apply Box W33 tins oflice PLATELAYER wanted for Tip good x wages Applv stating a"e and expen ence to Colonial Sugar Refining Co, Ld, Eagle street _ »HOimiAND AND TU'lWtlUllNG 1 ffective individual tuition div ¿I evening Mis« IA neiley IPS 0 and 7 Town Hall «SUBSCRIPTION clerk Tecniirod with ^ piictical knott ledge of office routine local lcfeienecs indispensable Goidon 4. C otch_ tg f]\HL Art Millinery School rcgd lederal ?*. Chambers Queen-street -Queenaland s leading high das« millinery college Prac- tical tuition in every branch latest fashions every mail pupil« rendered com petent for lucrative pontion Prospecta« on application Sliss Easdown principal TX7 \N rPD energetic partner 3rd shnre * ' --olid business £°-)0 required travel gpectton Apply Box W33 this office yf W\N"TED p irtner to tal e charge busi ness 15(1 capital required must be icsident of Brislxmc o- district AppH 1 ex \t this office yf VX/ANTED partner small capital take "'chntgc conntrv auctioneering business Deakin s Labour Agency, Adelaide st yg WANTED smart canvasser, with expcn ence preferred liberal terms good man Apply aifternoons Maplestone Web stcr & Oo LM "Miry st_ _yf TX/'-Nini) a certificated cream tester "'Apply at once, Batter box W29 this SHOBTSAKS TYPUTÖ BOOKBXEPDJG Up to IS word« (not to exceed 1 lines), ed. once or thro* cooieoutive tunes 1/ PREPAID A-Bargains in Typewriters-W c have exceptional values in writing machine, to oltei ftoni oOs lho e desnous saxiii¿ money would do well lo inspect oui stoel Vu'-t Typettnter Supplies Co, Ucadc 1 dw ird t opposite \ M 1 ALWAYS to the front -The Remingtoo Standard Typewriter u a masterpiece in typettnter construction, embodying every necessary for acquiring accuracy and me«sd, Remington Billing system «ave» time labour, and money Stott & Hoare, Queen and Adelaide etreets "DEYOND doubt Slunro is the largest .«-* viser of typewriters m Queensland hi« adoption of the Oliver is simply because no other machine gets over the ground so quickly Take A M P Chambers electric hft, and let hum prove it BENNETT S SHORTHAND TYPING Office 30 Adelaide-st Shorthand reporter Correspondence efc general Work Tel 1542 ÄRG-A1NS m lypewnters-We bave exceptional values in writing machine« to offer from 30/ Those desirous saving money would do well to inspect our «took Aust Typewriter Supplie» Co, Arcade, Edward »t opposite AMP .JITT&BURG; Vi»ible-The perfect babul -*- ating and billing machine writing m view all the time durable guaranteed £16 lfe P OC Russell 331 Queen street SITUATI0HS VA0AHT Dp to 10 word« (not to exceed 8 lines), Od. one« or tire« e»n«touttTe time« 1/ PKJBPA1D GVNA VS^ER, reliable young «nan «mart appearance libei al sahrv commission suitable applicant lefcieuecs Box \\\40 this olhcc _li1 r»¡OLLDC10,R tonn conntrv (wi ! ^ bicycle) gool opening sinait man security ilibeial terms Box W41 this ofli"c TYR \PIJRY - Sinai t Alanchcstci lund -'-'TI unfed Apply at once, John SI 11 a rris loottoaniba_J ¡ DRLXSA1 VlvING, TV anted ooinpelint bodice hands and nnpioveis Apply Ali-h Janet \\\ nlkcr Adelaide street y h "fi-XOELLEN T situations li maids, tens, -*-*1 launvls waits, cooks high wages Ah s Wnltei s N side Reg 30 Arcd 1 dw st TfNOlNl-i dnvei competent do Ott ii le J-i purs fitting blleksimthiug &c; high est jcfeiciico. Vpplv bv lettei lo 1 n0iiic, 38.) Otieens fleet or 400 George stieet vh TJklMTGRATION League of Queensland - A Wanted at once six good general ser- vante good wages and first-class 11001;! A Wilcox assistant secretary Immigra- tion Lcaxfue of Queensland Cesntral Build in-» fopp rinncy Isles & Co ) Edwnrd-st jVJ" XOIIlVISfS TVnntvd also apprentices foi workrooms Alumy iL Alngoe iliyajete «-ontii BiisbaiH Ti, rr\ Al LORLSbLS-Winted 6 competent -^coat hands for ladies' tailoring Iftmey's Y\TVN1J I) 1 mai neil cou'ile foi situi '* lion in itotvn general lind gaidti 1 i-late wages expected, ic,felcnces requir d Vp))lv box V\J~ this ofhee vf \\\7AN ILD Mimt gul to mind babv Ap * ply it once, Mis Hinton, Hotel Cecil vg YVAÑTFD two «teadv bullock drivers "TVages £2 10s pel week Apply A E ?\Iorrott Tolga, Tia Cairns \A7ANTED «.mart lad must make figures neill one JIL t leaymg school preferred Roth« di s Lid Edward-ot y g TV VVIÊD gefiel tuner and repauer , *'good »ail îrj Vpply Sttay-ne Slackay f n puticulaiis II *s Burstall, care Pahnc. tV Co_rg Yrï/ANJED au active man on 1 farm ' ' Apply \\\ llhams, Runcoin, Sautlh Coast Lane_yg WANTED young gul as help Apply * ' Ah« W. Pott», Appel st, South Brisbane t g V\/\NrhD -b^1- fnit-class body hands Uso shirt hands Ahss Knox Treasuiv Chamhors George-ptrcet y g Y\7AMLD Ju-st- cuiss non turner Apply f * Engmeeiiug supply Company, Limited, Brisbane TVWTED lad to look aftei travel'e s " tuiai out \pply ATictorian Rest m îant GeoiTie-sl vf YV-iS'TrD tivo (2) wiggon «miths \p ' ' plv to S Shillito &. ^011 liiswich vh \»17ANTBD groom and gardener clderlv * #. man preferred ¡State age, wages ex peeled and cxpei icnec References lequir ed Vpplv Box W39, this office, vi. ATJCTieif SALIS 10 MORROW At Eleven o Clock 0\ HIL PRBUISLs L\TT0NR0A.D LAS1 BRISBANE. SUP1 1UOR llOUSrilOLD ILRV1IURE AND MIJCTb Lndcr instructions fiom Mi Iviucl owinc, to hei iclin (lushing hout-ck epinc, Q LINDLEY & CO 1TD will bell by mi lion is abovi compi r-ini, Supenoi <) piece (lattin Suite Lph 1 Btered (renoi Vclvel mil lllubh Oe cisonal 1 ible and Covti I cathu, Couch B veiled Mirror 4lt fain &idcbo; rd Lino leuni Dooi Slips 8 du Clocl i 1 mev lillie». Hill linoleum in 1 i 11 ee B 1 room Suite 7-drn» i Cedai Chest 1 mc» feet loilet Wau Pine lable Á\nslmtand ind i\au -lit Oin \ Al III Bedstead ind Bedding Cot, compl te lit Oin ii 1 Bedstead md Beddine, 1 me Ubi Chin« Kitchen Dressei and Central Sundnes "ttUIIOUI LUUS1R\1 SITUATIONS VACANT WAMI I) h lid» lad about 1 ai c ond pirtei &.(. one u e 1 li >i es jie ifcn-ed Mun i) &, Aliste li ipei vh TTirV-NPED a few j expectable joutho "H * * apprentices to trade Murray i, ¡Ma0 e di apero v li nRYSTALLLVB INSTANTANEOUS J-* CURE FOR TOOTHACHL-A Small Piece wrapped m cotton wool to fill the cavity of the aching tooth, will afford in .tant relief, 1/ per bottle THOMASON, CHATER Limited Chemists, North ana Routh Brisbane SITUATIONS WANTED Up to 16 word« (not to exceed S lines) Ci. one*, or titree consecutirc Uni« 1/ PREPAID A P Ml I" imliici s di engaged ti»o Ml *-peuoi vouiiç, gills a nun,cij toverneas oi I idy helps tcacn I nghsli music (i od noedl vomen find einleben also domes tiritid invt el-us fen) ile cools Pill business hoiicca hotel housi maids uiained couples s-peci lily reeommended Al Alis 1 enelej a Reg Queen st-Dis -cv engaged mar couples iaim or station, compet ind tiustivoith} 'Phone 1038 >g T)EAKI\ S ¡Jjaboui Agency Adelaide-st Aliddle aged woman as working house keeper «Iso cook hdy help station vf TA)1SD\G AGI D }oung housemaid corni AJ lil hotel pref Applv Airs Tencle} s Reg Queen st opp G P O Phone 1038 TAjI'sENGAGLD -Compet li parlourmaid station North pief also mother and daughtel age 20 distance no object Ali« Fcnele} Queen tt> opposite G P O yg TfclSENGAGED"aTAIai-Ji s~Agênei 139 Ydeflaade »t reliable men and » outns a»» altin/ engagement foi the cancfields }g jnNrRGFTIC pushing salesman and auc* tioneei kno»v ledge produce general merchandise seeks position Deakin s Agenc} Adelaide fclreet v g (3.R0CERY »»me and spirit traveller VJ open engagement spion connect on D ns A^ e«t ¿v. North Box W31 this offlce {¡JIPLS wanting good situations good v-* w igei m S}dnev »viito to Airs Hart 1 lizabet-li street_vh T?EIIMD domesticated }ourvg ladv seeks position housekeeper ladv help town or countrv Bo\ W32 this office vf ÖOAP and soda makei seeks emploi ^ mont country will tench Co?mo core Mr IT Wooton bool seller Brisbane JT"0 manufacturers merchants Ac - x Wanted lmeB ton commission Apply Town Irav ellet bot W10 this office jf YX7V\TED place as houselecpir whrr» '" time are no childi cn Apply Bo\ AV42 this office vh "KTO more poor quality essences. Tiloma. J-~ son, Cha ter'B extia strength essences fulfil till requirements of health authon ties Pure and wholesome See that every bottle is labelled Extra Strength ' Of all grocers and chemists at Cd and yd per bottle Sole manufacturers Ihomasoa, Chater I Id 08 Queen street Brisbane pOAniLROHL telegram* from Statt ^ cipitils e»ei» morning in the Bil bane Courier "s Gd per quarter posted 1ICENSEO VICTUALLERS Dp to 16 words tnot to exceed 4 lines) Gd. one» or three oouMCiitii t times 1/ 1 KV PAID AUSTRALIAN Hotel Queen st Bri« .". bane, absolutely free house unrivalled position every comfort for travelling pub- lic modern apartments moderate tariff Phone 124 Peter Vallelr proprietor A LL superic brand» of liquors at ."-saloon and public bar» of the Sovereien Hotel A N ideal Sumnxr Thirst Quencher, .**- Golden Apple Cider new shipment just arrived in aupeib condition Obtain able only at lorn Holmes« Belfast Hotel, Queen street Holmes s New Brew Holmes s Special Blend» of Whisky First class Accommodation .telephone 1173 "DRUIv-SWlOK Head» - Ocean View .*-* Hotel prenu-er watering place train met Mullumbimby Tel M G Currie prop TJ1GGS Exchange Hotel Edward-street, .*-* thoroughly renovated , first-class liquor« onlv stocked terms moderate rjLARENCE Hotel South Brisbane - ^ Accom for permanent boarder« ADply Mrs Chalice Noted house for ovines spirits Alcocl S first class billiard table, n anaged by J Geddes Phone ¿SI Peter Harris Proprietor EMPIRE H0IDL TOOWOOMBA This establishment is first-class in every respect Your comfort 19 studied whether you patronise the bar or not Charges moderate Sample rooms 'Phone 187 J T Bnsgpi oprietor_ _ (-JLOBL Hotel Adelaide st near Central ^ Railway Station finat-class accommo dation terms mod for perm boarder« fpvOSVENOR Hotel George st next Su *-* preme Court 3 minutes rai] overlook mg river, newly renovated excellent eui sine and accommodation for visitors, hot, cold baths best liquors 5s a day £1 5» week Iel 1332 Maurice J Barry Prop TPöWIOH - North Australian Hotel, .*- Nicholas st Ipsivich the leading squat, ters' and commercial house first-class sample rooms billiard table, porter meets all trains tel No 02 most comfortable hotel in Ipsvv ich A H Robert» prop ter JUBILEE HOIEL Leichhardt>st near Exhibition Grounds ft wool store« alío close Brunswick st Rail way Station First class accommodation tor visitors 5s per day Special terms for con stant boarders A M Kinnon prop lel.561 TVfARYBOROUGH -Royal Hotel under ."?' vice-regal patronage, finest hotel north of Sydney accom for tourist» visitor», & commercial men unsurpassed in Qensland All trains met Edmund Baker proprietor -This old-established house has un rivalled position is close to garden« ice , best house for com c 1« and visitors, buggy all trains Bert Howe (late Ulster Hotel, Brisbane) proprietor_ PALAIS ROYAL HOIEL -1- IPSWICH under Vice-Regal Patron age, corner of Busbane and East st«, is the leading commercial, squatters, and family house Lxcellcnt cuisine and ac commodation for visitors Hot and cold baths Sample and hilliard rooms The noted house for wines and «pints Porter meets all trams Tel 60 John GuaUvsoo, proprietor_ "REGATTA Hotel Toowong overlooking ?" river Id bus from city, Downs visitors may alight at Toowong Station. Excellent accommodation visitors hutt clasB liquors only Goods delivered free James Ryan prop_dv SOVEREIGN Hotel saloon and publie bars, superior liquor» li Ewan'« draught and bottled beer aUAMROCIs. Hotel corner leichhardt ^ and Brunsvvjek st* best »pints and beers tanff r» per day 2os per week mRANSCONTINENTAL Hotel pppoiit« .*. Roma-et Railway btn, heart of «ty; all trams pass terms moderate direct ins porter of Talisker whisky , wines, «pints, ales stout families sup good« delivered rail stn» free of charge D O Connor, prof. mHEAlRiOAL-Union Hotel Toowoom ?*. ba best establishment for theatrical compames, first-class table Wm Thomp- son prop ULSTER HOTEL, Centrally situated corner Edward and Elizabeth st« 1mm G P O near Central Rly Stn , no tram noise excellent accom modation , thoroughly renovated, choicest liquors first-class cuisine , Perkins s and M Ewan » onlv D Shananan prop (lata manager Tran»»o>tinental) Tel U29 TV/HEN visiting A U S N offices or ** vilnrf call at Grand Hotel Tsherebest brands liquors are dispensed (true to name true to label «J. undiluted) Perkins M Ewan s H E Hall prop late Ipswioh fTTHE ' Brisbane Courier" is found at all -1- the rail»» a» stations and leading hotels in the State 7 6d per quarte- posted WVZßXMXMT ¿DVEMTSSnaMtt. APPLICATIONS TO BRING LANDS -^ UNDER REAL PROPERTY ACTS. Take notice that applications have been made to bring the Lands described below under the .provisions of the- Real Properly Acts of 1861 and 1877. Any person de- siring to oppose will ii-quire- to lodge, by himself or lu- attorney, .1 CaTC-at in form B of the said Act-, on 01 before the diy named. Subdivision 1 of allotments 10 to 13 of ?section 87, totv-i of Sf.iryborough. Ap- plicant.-Queensland 'Trustees, Limited, na Trustees under the- Will of Andrew Ht't'on Wilson, deceased, and Robert Hart, ot Slaryborougli, «nwiinllcr. Hate within which n Caveat mav ihle -lodged.-HtU June, 1907. Subdivision la of allotment i of section 14, county of Aubigny, parish of Drayton, at the Swamp on the' Drayton Reserve. Applicant.--Toseph Stilling, as surviving Trustee under Indenture of Settlement eluted 11th Slaich. 1873. iD.vle- .within which a Caveat mai he lodged.-11th June.. 1007. Allotment 2 of s(Ction illS. town of Man-borough. Applicant.-VI osc-ph Henry Sh.i.w, of Slaryborougli, blacksmith. Date within which a Caveat may be lodged. 11th July, 1007. J. ^nTCTTELL, Registrar of TitliS, Registrar of Titles' Office-, Brisbane, 4th May, 1907. _ rjARANi STSSHSSION BY DEATH. Real Property Acts of 1801 and 1877. Notice is hereby given, that applications have been made for the liegistration of Transmission of Title to the Lands here- inafter mentioned. Particulars of isucli applications are- given below, «and uny person desiring to oppose must do so by lodging a Cave.it, on or before the day specified, at the Principal Office of tQie Registrar ot Titles in Brisbane, unless the lands are situated within the Northern District, in which case the Caveat must be lodged at the local District Registry at Townsville. Name of Deceased Proprietor.-Lilly Rees, late of Ipswich, wife of Joseph Henry Rees, of "the same place, draftsman. Date of Death.-9th December. 1000. Name of Claimant.-Joseph Henry Rees aforesaid, as Administrator and widower of deceased. Description and Situation of Land. jVllotment 13 lof section 94, -town r?8 (Ipswich. Estate Claimed to be Transmitted.-Fee eaniple. Particulars of Will or Otherwise. Letters of Administration. Dato within wüiicb Caveat may be Lodged.-11th June, 1907. Name of Deceased Proprietor.-Andrew Horon Wflaon, late of Maryborough, SI.L.C. Date of Death.-29th August, 1900. Name of Claimant.-Queensland Trustees Limited. Description and Situation of Land. Allotments 7 and 8 of section 7, allot- ments 5 and 0 of section 3, and suburban allotment 2 or section 19, town of Poison; subdivisions 1 and 2 of suburban portion 9 of section 7, parish of Vernon ; allot- ment 19 of section 102 and an undivided moiety of allotment 13 of section 80, town of Slaryborougli ; and subuilaan allotments 2, 3, and 4 of section 147, parish of Slaryborough ; ah in ' the county of March ; and subdivisions 11, l8, and 20 of section 2 of subdivision C of portion 19, county of Cook, parish of Walsh. Estate Claimed to be Transmitted.-Pec simple. Particulars of Will or Otherwise.-Will and Codicil thereto dated 17th November, 1903, and 9th March. 1906, respectively. Dale within which Caveat may be Lodged.-11th June, 1007. Name of Deceased Proprietor.-Georg» Peter Epple, late of Toowoomba, stock- man. Date of Deatli.-5th Slay, 1891. Names of Claimants.-Henry Gent. AVcbb, baker, and Henry Epple, railway employee,-both of Toowoomba. ». Description and Situation of Land. Subdivisions 1 and 3 of Iportion -130, county of Aubigny, parish of Drayton ; allotments 9 and 10 of section 7 and allotment 6 of section 15. town of Ada- vale ; allotment 3 of section 1, totyn of Glengarry. Estate Claimed to he Transmitted.-Fee simple. Particulars of Will or Otherwise.-Will dated 16th April, 1S9I. Date within which Caveat may be Lodged.-18th June, 1007. . , Name of Deceased Proprietor.-Michael Epple (othcrtvirse Michael Eppele, other- wise Eppla), late of Toowoomba. Dntc of Death.-20th October. 1869. Name of Claimant.-Fred-erike (other- wise Fredcrick.a) Eppl? (otherwise Eppele or Eppla), widow of deceased. Description and Situation of Land. Subdivisions 1 and 2 of portion 480, county of Aubigny, parish of Drayton. Ebtate-Claimed to be Transmitted.-Life estate. ' Particulars of WhT or Otherwise.-Will dated 4th February, 1868. Date within which Caveat may bo ?Lodged.-11th June, 1907. 'Name of Deceased Proprietor.-Michael Epple aforesaid. . Date of Death.-20th October, 1S0D. Name of Claimant.-George Peter Epple (otherwise'Eppele), of Toowoomba, stock- man. ¡Description and Situation of Land. Subdivision 1 of portion 480, county of Aubigny, parish of Drayton. \ Estate Claimed to be Transmitted.-Fee simple in remainder. ' Particulars of Will or Otherwise.-Will dated 4th February, 1868. Date within which Caveat moy be Lodged.-11th Jume, 1907. Name of Deceased Proprietor.-Thomas Irving, late of Coolboorah, Cintra-road, Bowen Hills, Brisbane, gentleman. Date of Death.-3rd Dee-ember, 1900. Names of Claimants.-Eliza Irving, widow of deceased, Slnbel Helen Elizabeth Irving, and Sarah MJdrcd Eh>a Irving, spinsters,-all of Coolboornh aforesaid. ¡Description and Situation of Land. Subdivisions 17 to 21 of portion 134, parish of North Brisbane : subdivision 5T of suburban portion 171, parish of South Brisbane ; subdivisions 13 to 13 of portion 58\. parish of Tingalpa ; and subdivisions ¡171 and 273 to 270 of section 1 of portion 51\. narish of Bulimba. Estate Claimed to be Transmitted.-Foe simple. Particulars of AVill or Otherwise.-Will dated 5th January, 1903. Date w-ithin which Caveat \may be Lodgc«d.-41th June, 1907. Name of Deceased Propiietor.-Frances Sarah Towc, late of South Brisbane, wife of George Towc. Date of Death.-12th December. 1905. Name of Claimant.-The Curator of In- testate E-tates. ¡Description, and Situation of Land. Subdivision 36 of suburban portion 84, county of Stanley, -parish of Yeerongpilly. , , Estate Claimed to be Ti-ansmitted.-Fee simple. Particulars of Will or Otherwise.-Order of tin» Supreme Court dated 3rd January, Date within which Caveat may be ¡Lodgcd.-aith June, 1Ö07. Name of Deceased Proprietor. Catherine O'Mara, late of Stanthorpe, widow. . Date of Death.-2nd December, 1900 Names of .Claimants.-John William O Mara, of Brisbane, solicitor, and Daniel James O'Mara, of the same place, clerk. Description aneLSituation of Land. Resubdivision 1 ofsubdivision 22, snbdi T-isions 101 and 102. subdivision 1 of re subdivisions 5 and 6. subdivision 2 of re subdivision 4, and resubdivision 7 of sub- division 15, resubdivisions 1, 2. 3 of sub- division 10, and subdivisions 36, 37, and 38 of pre-emptive portion 1, subdivision 2 of tMinc-ral Selection 317a, county- of Ben- tinck, parish Of Stanthorpe : Mineral Selection 317 and resubdivision 1 of sub- division A of Mineral Selection 379, county of Bentinck, parish of Broadwater ; sub- division» 87 to 90 and resubdivision 37d of subdivision 36 of portion ]3, subdivision 94 of allotment 12, jiarish of Drayton, at Drayton Swamp ; portion 603 and sub- divisions 9 and 10 of suburban allotment 7 of section 5, parish of Drayton-all in the cotint.v of Aubigny ; and subdivisions 27 io 30 of section 5 of elstern suburban allotment 51, county of Stanley, parish of North Brisbane. Estate Claimed to be Transmitted.-Fee simple. Particulars of Will or Otherwise. Letters of Administration. Date witlun which Idaveat anny be Lodged.-11th June, 1907. «.VSSinaST ADTMtTISUriHTB. Name of Üeceased . Proprietor.-Ma ry Bowdbn, late (of lEslc. '»vife of Jumc-î Thomas Bnwdon, of the same i»laee, but formeilv of Cressbrook, grazier.' . Date 'of Death.-7tli December, 1900. Name of Claimant.-Janies Thomas Bou-don ntoicsaid. Description and-Situation or Land. Portion 41 v, rounty of .Cavendish, parish of Biarra, and subdivision !> of section I of portion 01, county ot Cavendish, parish of E-k. Estate Claimed to bj Tiv.h'jmitted.-1'cc 'imple. Particular* of "Will or Otherwise-»V ill dated 2Gth October, 190(1. Date »vithin which Caveat may be Lodged-12t!i June. 1!W7. Name or Deceased Proprietor.-»lohn Dudley Dunlop, late of Coi inda, near Bus bane, l.upentc-r. Date of Death-31st October. 190«. Name of Claimant.-»Sarah Dunlop, of the same place, widow of decea-ed. Description ,md Situation of Land. Re-uibdivimon Bl of ciilidivision A of por- tion 00. reeubdlvision .'{ of subdivision 133 of portion 90, and .subdivisions 108 and 109 of section 0 of portion 99, county of Stanley, parish of Oxley. , Estate Claimed to be Transmitted.-i ce simple. , ?,.,-." Particulars of Will'or Otherwise-V» ill dated 30lh October, '190G. Date within which Caveat may bo Lodged-Uth June, 1907. Nnnie of Deceased Proprietor.-Martha Ann Price late of Maryborough, widow. Date of Death.-7th January, 1907. ' Name' of Claimant.-Edward Powell, of Maryborough, carpenter! Description mid Situation of ¡Land. Allotments 1 and 2 ' of section 50 and allotment 13 of .section 77, town of Mary- borough. ; . Estate Claimed to be Transmitted.-ice simple. Particulars of "Will 'or Otherwise. Letters of Administration. Date within which 'Caveat may De Lodged.-11th June, 1907. Name of Deceased Proprietor. - Martin Johann Fels (otherwise Martin Fels), late of Loganholme, farmer. Date of Death. - 20th December, 1906. Name of Claimant. - Frederick William Peek, of Wickham-street, Brisbane, commission agent. Description and Situation of Land. Portions 234 and subdivisions 13 und 14 of portion 1, parish of Mackenzie, and re- subdivisions 111 and subdivisions 2 and 3 of resubdivisions 110 and 112 of sub- division 4 of suburban portion 170, parish of South Brisbane ; all in the county of Stanley. Estate Claimed to be Transmitted. - Fee simple. Particulars of Will or Otherwise. - Will dated 14th September, 1900. Date within which Caveat may be Lodged. - 11th June, 1907. Name of Deceased Proprietor.-David England, late of' Sandgate), retired farmer. Date of Death.-23th February, 1907. \- Name of Claimant.-Jane England, of the same place, widow of deceased. Description and Situation of Land. Subdivisions 4, 5, 36, 37, 3, and 38 of allotment 4 of section 14, town of Sand gate ; subdivision 2 of portion 99. subdi- vision 2 of portion 93, subdivision 2 of portion 137, subdivision 2 of portion 102, subdivision 3 of portion 94, subdivision 3 of portion 93, subdivision 2 of portion 105, portions 90, 122, 123, 121, and 126, parish of Warner ; and subdivisions 310 to 312 and 323 to 325 of portion 76, parish of Nundah ;-all in the county of Stanley. Estate Claimed to be Transmitted.-Fee simple. Particulars of Will or Otherwise.-Will dated 15th September, 1903. Date within which Caveat may be Lodged.-11th June, 1907. NORTHERN DISTRICT. Name of Deceased Proprietor.-Ole Martin, late of Murray River, near Card- well, farmer. Date of Death.-18th July, 1905. ' Name of Claimant.-Frederick Martin, of the same place, farmer. Description and Situation of Land. Portion 33v, county of Cardwell, parish, of Tyson. " Estate Claimed to ,be transmitted.-Fee simple. Particulars of Will or Otherwise.-Will dated 28th June, 1905." , ", Date within which Caveat may be Lodged.-24th June, 1907. Name of Deceased,,,Proprietor.-Arthur Edward Douglas, lat'¿ of Randwick, near Sydney, Ne»v South Willes, gentleman. Date of Death.-1st December, 1897. Name of Claimant.-Louisa Caroline Douglas, Sydney, Noiv South Wales, widow of deceased. Description anil Situation of Land. Portion 417, county of Elphinstone, parish of Wyoming. Estate Claimed io be Transmitted.-Fee simple. Particulars of Will or Otherwise.-Will dated 29th January, 1SS2. Date within which Caveat may be Lodged.-14th Juno, 1907. J. MITCHELL. Registrar of Titles. Registrar of Titles' Oliice, Brisbane, 4th May, 1907. Department of Public AVorks, Sydney, 20th March, 1907. ATTENTION is directed to "Gazette" -** Notice inviting TENDERS for SINK- ING AN ARTESIAN BORE in the TALMOI BORE WATER TRUST DIS- TRICT. Tenders will be received up to 4th June CHARLES A. LEE. Commissioner for Railways' Office, Brisbane. May 1st, 1907. TT'XAMINA'ÜION FOR CLEANERS ." BRISBANE DISTRICT. Applications will be received at this Office until FRIDAY, 17th May, 1907, from LADS between the Ages of 10 and. 19 years for the POSITION of CLEANER in bhe Brisbane District. Applicants must be of good physique and free from all physical defects. Applications must he sent in on proper Printed Form, accompanied by a fee of SI, together with a birth certificate. As oply 13 Vacancies ¡ire likoly xo occur during the next 0 months, only the first 13 who pass the Examination will be eligible for employment. Further particulars may be obtained at this office, or the Locomotive Engineer's Office. Ipswich. G. R. STEER, _ Acting Secretary. Commissioner for Railways' Office, Brisbane, 3rd Mav, 1907. JENDERS - HARDWOOD LOGS. TENDERS will be received up to 2 p.m. on TUESDAY', the 21st day of Mav, 1907, for the SUPPLY of 500,000 SUPER- FICIAL FEET of HARDWOOD LOGS. Specification and further information may be obtained at the Comptroller of Stores'' Office, Couiitcss-slreet. Brisbane ; the (Railway Storekeeper*« Offices, Ips- wich and Maryborough ; and the Station Masters' Offices, Esk, Beaudesert, Lands- borough, Gympie, Wondai, and Kingaroy. Tenders to be endorsed " Supply of Hardwood Logs," and accompanied by a preliminary deposit of £5. The lowest or nnv- Tender will not necessarily bo accepted. G. R. STEER, Acting Secretary. Commissioner for Railways' Office, Brisbane. 2nd Mav, 1607. ?REPAIRING AND REGULATING ."? CLOCKS AND WATCHES. QUEENSLAND RAILWAYS. TENDERS will be received al I his Office until 2 p.m. on TUESDAY, 2Sth May. 1907, for the Repairing and Regulat- ing of Clocks and Watches on the Queens, ¡lund Railways for a period of thiee (3) years from let July, 1907. Separate Tenders to be sent in for 11» following Districts : BRISBANE DISTRICT (including Ipswich). TOOWOOMBA DISTRICT. MARYBOROUGH DISTRICT. ROCKHAMPTON DISTRICT. TOWNSVILLE DISTRICT. Tenders to be endorsed " Régulai ing, &c;\\. Clocks and WatoU-n," and accom- panied by a deposit of £5. Conditions of Contiiict, mid further par- ticulars may be obtained on nppliiation i,t this Office, or at the General Traffic Man- ager's Office, Brisbane, Traffic Managers' Offices, Maryborough, Townsville, Too- woomba, and Rockhampton. The lowest or any Tender will no: neces sniily be accepted. . G. R. STEER, 1 Acting Secretary, GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS. Comiiussionei for Railw.i.vs' Oflico. \- Biieioane. 3rd Slav, 1907. g E 8 O S Ii N l-l T I N S. TENDERS will be received al this Oilice until 2 p.m. on TUESDAY, 7th instant, for the PUltTHASE of 2000 (more oi less) Kl.RO.SHXK TINS. Corin» of T-cnele-r and further particu- lars may be obtained at the Comptroller of Store's' Oflicc. ('omite--street. Tendéis lo be- e-neloi-cd " Purchase of Kerosene Tins,'' auel .iccampamcd by elcpirsil of .C5. The highest or any Tinder will not ncci-'r.nilt be accepted. O. I!. STEER, .- Acting Secretary. HOUSES TO LET, ETC. Cp to 16 word« (not to exceed I line«). H <«*K*i et- ttuoec ooMemttí-re tiran* 1/ PREPAID. fiASIERON BROS., TOWN HALL. ^ QUKKN--.STRif.ET, HAVE TO LET THE FOLLOWING : HAMILTON-To let, furnished or un fnrnishe-d, or for «nie-, .' Albemarle," the residence of Mr«. Almond, Crescent-road, just off the tramline, containing drawing, dining and writing rooint>. 5 bedrooms, dressing rooms, &c.; ^talbling and coach- house-, good garden : open for inspection. Apply for ililli particular-. TOOWONG.-At once, to let, "AVara tah,'" River-road, j'ust vacated by Andrew Petrie, Esq.,'M.L.A., eight rooms, kitchen, servant's room, and bathroom ; rent £1 per vveek. Apply for full particulars. COORPAROO, on the Old Cleveland ? road.-" llatherton," two-storied brick mansion, occupied by .7. Kemp, Esq., beautiful position, convenient to the rail- way station, containing dining-room, draw- ing-room, live ¡bedrooms, Gibrary, kitchen, servant's room, with bathroom and veran- da looma ; gas and water laid on ; large area of land : rental extremely moderate. WEST END, South Brisbane, Gray-road, al the comer of Iloogley-street, within 3 minutes' walk of the West End tram terminus.-A delightfully cool position, overlooking the river, lately occupied hy Sir. Heindorff, containing drawing room, dining-room, breakfast room, 3 be»drooms. with hall, kitchen, servant's room, smoking-room, and veranda room; also pantry and. bathroom, eos and water laid on ; stabling ; six allotments of land, with good garden. . KELVIN GROVE, Herston-road. Four rooms, kitchen, bathroom, stable, etc.; about 1 acre of land, water laid on; rent, 10s. week. CITY. Edward-street. - Large Ware- house of three floors and basement to lot for a term, at a rental to be agreed upon. Inspection invited. WYNXUM, on the Esplanade, close to Creek and Jetty.-The Kiosk, lately occu- pied by Sliss Peel ; very suitable for tea rooms or general store ; with sitting room, 3 bedrooms, large kitchen. CALL AT OFFICE FOR FULL LIST. T7jDWÄRDS~vaTEi\\-an,TÄIbert-st.-fo~]êt, .^ Ebsibeth-st., shop, 2ps.; sample rooms, 15s.; workshop, 10s. ' yf ?pJDWARDS &, Ewan-Suite of offices and strongroom in Adelaide-st., lately occupied by Mactaggart Brothers. yf "PJDWARDS & Ewan.-To let, from May *-^ 1, premises lately occupied by Starrker & Fischer, Edward-street. yf G~~" LINDLEY & ÖÖ, L1SI1TED. HAVE TO .LET: CLAYFIELD. Cla«e - Station.-Comfort- able House of six rooms, kitchen, &c; 14s. weekly. . EDSIONSTONtE-STREET, South Btis bane.-Good position, close park and tram, six rooms, kitchen, bathroom, &c.;, teno vdted throughout ; 16s. weekly. _ SANDGw.VTE.ROAD,- Olay'field.-Seven ¡rooms, kitchen., laundry, &c;, five allot- ments ; las. weekly. GROVE-STREET, Albion.-Four rooms, kitchen, and bathroom ; 9s. weekly-. ROCKBOURNE-TERRACE, Padding- ton, close tram, nice high position.-Well furnished house of seven rooms and kit- chen : 25s. weekly. ' -, NEW 'FARM, Mcrfchyr-road.-House, five rooms, kitchen, laundry, bathroom, &c.;, gas and water laid on ; 13s. weekly, ALBION, Wakefield-strcet.-Four rooms, kitchen, two allotments, stables,! etc.; 8s. 0.1. weekly. YERONGA. "Yeroiijdea."-ïïouie, 9 rooms, etc., 17% acres land, every conveni- ence : 30s. weekly. (Full particulars and cards to view on application._ Q.RE«30RY-Terrace.-To let " Black- heath," drawing-room, dining-room, breakfast-room, 5 bedroom.«, servantVroom, bath, pantry, laundry, stabling. S. SIoi dant, Queen-st,, opp. His Sfaj'esty'B. JSLES, LOS-E, & CO.'S TO LET LIST. COORPAROO, Cavendish-road, corner ot Chatsworth-road, Glencosy.-Gentleman's villa residence, containing dining and drawing rooms, S bedrooms, kitchen, ser- vant's room, and bathroom ; laundry, stabling, cow sheds, milkiii" bails, 9-acrc paddock, Tvitih permanent water ; water will be laid on if required. ENOGGERA, within 5 minutes of rail- way station.-Sickle-field, bungalow resi- dence, standing in 22 acres of land, arad containing diuing and drawing .rooms, 3 bedrooms, veranda room, kitchen, servant's room, batiliroom, ¡pantry ; stables, coach- house, and other outbuildings ; verandas on all sides. KANGAROO POINT, Leopard-street, opposite R.C. Church.-Myrtle Cottage, containing 5 rooms, bath, water laid on, tank, Lupton stove, washhouse. BOWEN HILLS, Light-street.-Resi- dence of 8 rooms, kitchen, servant's room, ¡piintry, and bathroom, loose box-, stabling, and small paddock; water laid on. For Full List and Particulars Apply to ISLES, LOVE, & CO. LARGE «sam pi« room, third flour Courier Building, to let ; electrk) light, paitereoger and luggag«) »ft.. Apply Manager. "¡VTANLY.-To let, hve-rOomed cottage, A kitchen, pantry, and all conveniences. Apply W. Harman, Manly. yf 6AMPLE room ta lit, second floor Courier Building ; electric light, pas- senger lind luggage lift. «Apply Manager. ÖOUTH Toowong, residence of Sir. R. H. *^ Kenyon. 5 rooms, kitchen, servant'«, bath & paintry, 4min. Taringa Stn., £4 per month : Indooroopilly, Station-rd., good villa, 5 rooms, kitchen, servant's, bath, and pantry, % acre, £3 10s. per montn. Phillips. Auctioneer. 156 Queen-st. QTORAGE, Leiclihardt-st., Yallet-, sul,«n. T did lighted, new single story building, with cellars. Decker jc Lane, Arcade, yf QYDNEY Villa, Kedron-treel, Wooloo 10 win, five l-ooms, servant's, kith, -pantry, gas, water. Sirs. Pe- iry, IUyview-st. rpO let, Sandgate, Kate-street, cottage, -*.- close to pier (adjoining Seaview Hotel), reasonable rental to good tenant. Full par- ticulars from Thoa. Welsby, Ciommercial Union Chambers, Eagle-street._ rpO let, one of the best positions in Too -*- woomba. For full particulars as to rent and lease, apply box X46 this office. rpO let, small shop, Queen-st., plate-glass -**? front, suitable» for bootmaker, tailor, or other business. II. Cundith, neyt Custom House. _yg rñO let, 0 month?, well-furnished villn, ?*? close Clayfield ti am; rent 30s. Silves- ter, 220 Queen-street. rpO let, Oriel-road, close Clayfield tram, ?*- commodious new villa; rent £1. Silves- ter, 220 Queen-street._yg rpO let or for sale. Hendra, (H-oonied -*- house, with G acres. Burnett, opposite Opera House._ VX7ANTED 3-roomed cottage ; bend parti * ^ culars and lovwtít rent to " Y." care of Air. Barrow. Stone's Corner, S. Brisbane. the xaUwajr stetistas aad iméiag hotels sa «ka «jHavt« i 7s. «á. Mar «tavwtcr, ****. xsBOSijjKjnscn. Up to 16 word» (not to exceed 3 lias»). Cd once, or titree consecutive time» 1/ PAIPAI» ALL aaould eau and see «he quality and prices of our goods and compara with those of others we give the best value m town Delger Bio» watchmaker« and jeweller», \\\ horf-âtreet near Qucea-strcet, Brisbane Est 1839 Toi- 1025 A MOUNTfa £6 to £60, security house ?"-hold furniture, pianos (wimout re moral) er promissory nota« , low est in tereat, assy repayments no commission private, oonfid vntial Bnsba»e Ffiiance Agency Gol "M.trt Chlbr« nest Town*Hall A-Refngci iting composition for non building-! icdtemg temperature aDOUt ?>0deg , specif ed bv Woil s Dept before \isiHo an> ol-hei bend foi bonafide te&ti; moniale R '.outlnll Alenvale-st S B AT L UHL ct SONS Baddies harness and collars Kindly see our goods and compare prices before pnr chaauig elsewhere 472 and 474 Petaie * Bight, Brisbane-__ A GAYDOlN Rorthrea- at, Toowoomba, ""-leading saddler Down» , roeeulitae* breaking m long flap 4 «took saddles chief pnw-wmner last 40 years Send price list A FRIEND in need is a friend, indeed 1» to £1000 lent on jewellery and all valuables S Hawgood lim , Qncenalond Monte de Píete Gsorge-st (side entrance) A JAMES licensed pawnbroker prac- tical Juwelier watchmaker DD2 Queen ?t Petrie b Bieht lowest interest on loans A USTRAL Carnage AVorks, Adelaide-«t ?**. Brisbane -For vehicles of every de- scription for town or country nae D Uhlmann & J Lane Tel-phone 671 ADVANCES, £a upwards any ovad ."-able security email ennis on deeds without registration Woolnough k, Fogarty Arcade_Jet A SK for Lambert s wine, highly recom ?**. mended by the fraternity every bottle bears the name sold everywhere A SUTT CLE V¡NED AND PRESSED By am expert tailor improves in shape in stead of being spout We guarantee satis faction at moderate eos Call and see us about it Charlea Gilbert 'Near Bridge A111R til 1 loccasion hive i dance at -trx- the 'se tí de Al ml» Assembly Hall Gents Is Lidie* Oil All Div ?RRJ&BANE; Monte do Píete (Hams) ?*-* 194 Edward-street, lends 1» to £1000 on jewell ry watches clothing valuables T>EST DUggies and sulkies in Brisbane at ** Birch &, Sons Send for irea cata logue Wickham-strcet Vallev T>RID1 LY stated -We guárante» South aJ»»nck s Aldba T->a (legistcred) pure, neiv and of delicious flavour and so say all our cust ero Retail Depot 1 lephant Shop "RUY Aldba lea at Elephant bbop XJ 211 Queen st no countrj travellers, save 4d lb in valu*_ "DRIDESALAIDS exits purchased at Geo JJ Hoope- 138 W ickham at are exeep tioraally rood value Gold brooohes from 3/6 TJEST colonial wines all brands at -1-* Glover s Clarence wine shop, Stanlev st next Park B new store yk STREAM and muk cans milking buckets ^ measures Le Sachs 4 Co, AVarren street off Wickham-street Vallev v (""»OàSULT Herr Kassmussen the cel* ^ brated Danish herbalist specialist in private nérveas skin and blood diseases pile« rheumat am debility treatment by poflt a speciality , advice free Write for circulars and question list 211 Queen-st f»OOL weather is at hand , we can ro ^ commend Webster s hot Mutton Pi=si for a dainty lunch _ CLOTHES CLEANED AND DYED Suits cleaned pressed from 3/0 dyed, 6/8 , dry cleaning special rates , ladies dresses dyed all colours from 4/ Bishop s Dye AVorks Suinl y-street South bris- bane City agent Mrs Grant Tuyior op- posite New Latios Office George- street flLARENCE wine shop Stanley st ^"' under new management thor rénovât ed Lambert s TV mes II Al Glover prop TAjLBU IAN TES bouquets in latest stv ia *-* from os upwards also bridal bouquet and bridesmaids bouquet crooks baske for presenta ion from choice Hovers Par lsicnne I lor «t Que^n-st DOOKS sashes dressed pine hardwood Lahey Bros & Nicklin. Woolloon gabba Phone lOoG_ YYiEilNU and cleaning at the City Dy» XJ Works Wickham and Ann streets Milligan and A\ aterson propnetors "I~)OORS aaehes dressed pine, hardwood XJ Leehey Bros &, Nicklin. Woolloon uabba Phone lOaG T)ON T make any mistake Lambert ? ±J wines are good and wholesome, ask tor them evcrv bottle labelled TAOCTOP \be nethys viorll renown d \ iJ ladies pdls guaranteed effectual Sol 1 2. C1 \o 2 os No 5 10s and the ' doctor s mil actilous- golden pills 20-> Parisian Ale heal Ageroc» A\ ickham stt ee TJOCrOR Rcndell s soluble quinine tab XJ lets 3s 6d enema. 2s 9 _cans la Od Pan-ian Alcd Ac 'U ick m t ?J7»NTGAGEMENT rings best selection E J-1 Coomber, Jeweller, Queen-st, Petrie» Bight Brisbane {ENGAGEMENT nngB, for good value. .*-* E Coomber, Jeiveller, Queen-street; Petries Bight_ ?niNGAGEMENT rings f'om 20s to £29 -Li E Coomber, Jeweller, 476 Queea street_ .j^NLARGLMEN IS made from any old *-* and faded picture Send orders diiwt to us and you will find our prices 50 per cent k>»ver than what is usually paid Only one address 1 bos Mathewson Co, oppo- site Opera House Queen street_ DM VGLMUM RISC S Supeiior stocl Call and inspect Pi ces to flint all W to -C40 Goldsmith Bro jew elim .< Valley Busbane a»e\t Borrares INGVCnLMLM RINGS Rubvs ¡sapphire Di murnda Emeiulds Send foi eatiilogiu post fi ee C oldunuth Bros A alle} jewellers Brnnswael °t_ E J & W PEEL" Best all competitors at the late f&ow; , highest awards , builderj of fine carriages buggie» sulkiw &c;, catalogue, tpnees quoted free any port or station Address, Stanley Btreet South Brisbane_ TTVEDERÁL Carriage Company -¡FWl-r .^ James 4; Weilant lor vehicles of every description Elizabeth street Brisbane jw "CURST favourite with the pubhc-Bu c Umba Gold Top and Silva: Top ' alci and lnvigoiatiug Btont. Alway» ta» same never changes_ FIRST iavounte with the ouldie-Bu hmba Gold Top and "Silver Top* ales and invigorating stout. Always tua same never change«_ THIRST favourite wt*h the putabc-Bu ?*- Umba Gold Top' and " Silver Ton* ales and invigorating stout. Ahrays the tame pevor changes_ T^OR good honest Scotch shortbread trv ?*. Alorrow s L mitcd kiel fingars, a very popular article JjTIBH laundry opposite Valley Pos* *. Office Ann-street, parcels 6d to £100 , van» everywhere Telep/one 1078 ?pVDR a first-class midget photo ¡Rodwa} ?*- Brisbane s leading por nut a>rust is not to be excelled Address, over Chisholm, A alley_ TjMRElIvOO* safe, m stocl all size horn » to 4 f it ¡.uuanu ed fire md btirglu pi oof catalogues on îpplication Han? n i}. *son mauuiaers 1 li/al»etli st JpRTACH Speciahtie j lbt landed hi e A lnpmcnt sample pael ets, 03 Palistan Aledical Agency Aviekinm stn cot_y fl (}ALVAN1SLVG - Metal galvamsea v-' dharge moderate quaht/r unequalled CM G Co Ltd 276 Eliz-sl Tele 1024 ("¡1U\ILLA1 PastJles aie natures v>»\n ^^ ltmedv for removal jf coughs and colds Ti} q box and prove this ("MILD viatchc -ladies /oet, 10 leivd VJleiles4 fine» duls P/u itsuallv oO/ gtiaiaut ed bnov» jewelli i loowoombi TTALLIDAYS Baths, ddctñc hght high .*-*? frequency Xray« Turkish plunf'1 ladies i. gentlemen daily Albert st T 595 TTYPNOIISM personal magnetism, te J-J -Learn to hypnotise, wonderful and fascinating, any one can leam, it cost» yon Dothing to find out all abtrat >t, 1 will send my magnifica at book free, it is a chance of a lifetimi- Address Prof Barraden 69 Pitt-street Sydney TVI'WlsL [ictoiuil ;io tends 100 du u feient 2/r JO 1/6 2. II post free T iakuuia Imj>cral Vrea/le '.v In » }j JAPANESE fans gloi e and handkerchief ** boxes, vases Ac Hawson &. Johnston ' TT FENCE for farm and station, the ?**. most reliable wire fence on earth T M Mitchell Toowong _ T AMBERTS wines are good and pure, .*** every bottle laballed, be «ore you get Lamberts_ TADD2S why waste your time and money .*?* when you can couult personally or oy letter Prof Gibson on al] your troubles* Cures guaranteed wihen other« fail Only address Bank of Hefilth. Adelajde-st, Bris- bane (one door fron Alberta*} Tel 1663. _KISCIlLLAlíEOPB_ JAMLhRTS celebrated invalid port. !MWÍ-11 matured oounahing wine all wine shops d. hoteJs every bottle labelled. T AMBlíRTS Olíate»-! Loanberrin Olaret .L*^i-» si-eciaily sdected from the best grape« tvell hand led paar ahMxhitey nure T AMBERTS innes a speciality, all ?*-«' price* at Gloicrs Clarence wine shop Stanley st South Bri best confectionery T L VI N t v mp vom own oni, -u. net/ J-""' mel simple nie theil 1/ posted I/o Du i. lo 101 Queen stiel Bn-sbine MONEY advanced from £3 upwards, on security of ¡furniture, piaaos, without removal macÜDes P N etc , repay weekly or monthly Write for circular»or eau Manager, 111 Wickham street, oppo- site monumentall works_ MORROWS phosphoid meal biscuits are known far -ina wide as the biscuit par excellence foi dyp ptics_ ONEY, £11 upwards on pro notes, deeds, tnthimt registra any reasonable «e»ciinty Woo hiough, i. Fogarty, Arcade ÂÏÔNEY to~Ceiid^HálT~et Co havTTe ?»?""sumed busniess, and are prepared to lend from £5 upwards on the security of household furniture pumos (without re moval), deeds, or on any other class of security Not e address Hall !c Co, Fede- ral Chambers Queen street (two doora from Opera House)_ MHeinswoirtle, saddler Bri« for caavsa, horse et oaia the world_ A/f EN Vital ty Weak -I will send reanark ."?*? able cure free, endose 2d stamps Mr J Curtu-J P O Prahran, Melbourne TV fORROWt-' Lamí ed is liousehold name ^J in Q land for every variety of choco lates pine vt hi some to thsome nutritious ATADAAIT, Blanchard eminently gifted ."?a- clairvo rant PbVchometnst advice on bus ness domestic matters and ill health a speciality Madame Blinchard graduated from the larand Yogi College of Occult" ism hundr «ds vii people have benefited by hei advice and assistance 107 Herbert street first house Wt from Wharf street MIAD AME LVNGDON Tight yearn medical rL business clairvoyant of Lismon¡, ceaiiccs nightly and daily on all matters maur complaints diagnosed with out asking" qu stion" herbal remedy pre senbed Country clients sLnd handwriting 347 Lcichrtrardt t opp State School lake Wharf st tram_ ?¡irORROWS chocolates are made in J-U Biisbone from day to diy, «iud thus secure adlvantagc of fieshness_ A/fASOMIC -Regaba anything you re» ."-?.- quir e, we supply at manufacturer s prices everything made of best materials Rothwel I s íamited Edward street_ M VI) V AIL A eaux renow ned scientilio palm list for 3 TI eel s onlt may be con suited 122 Leichhaidt st , Spring Hill ArÄDJcAIE St Clan psjchoinetiist and ?"?'-*-clan voyant palmist 47 Wickham st near W/arren st, A alley_\f AT VDcVAl ALBION pilmibt and clair xu- v o (ante consult itions from 10 «i m , 10 p n i Stanley st opposite H Clan ? ATRS Dtivbnrj stilish dics.,imkci, fit x ginimteed terns model Uc 291 ( coTg"-sticet City_ "MlTf/ri -I am nott Icudiua; fioni £10 J le 1100 at i moment s notice at very 1 ti ntes on vom piomissoiy note deeds withi'iit moitgii,e, and any Toluable tin Rib! |Seeutity foi fixed fenns oí îepayable hi niistalnieiits all business stnctly pri vate \ Hough ].>> Queensticct, next But sh I nipue Hotel_rd "M" OTE-lou have a photo of an absent .^ friend AVe will enlarge it for you in beal style and in good frame at small cos* Send direct to us and so save age-nt's commission P Mathewson t Sors Petries Bic/ht near Byrne» Statue .MATIONAL Cash Registei Co manufic -^ tui ers Day ton Ohio Office and show roe»m 346 Queon-at, Bris Registers bought and exchanged Call and inspect J P lxjirl vtood Rep_j3 ^TICHOLAS Bell hetnsed and cn=ineci -L^ mg surteyoi, 22 Aicade, oi Shafton si leet A allev_ _jf pRDelUS inter pares nulli eecimdus, *- «Commonwealth tubs and buckets made loy CMG Co Ltd patent machin» pro- cess , inspection invited 276 Elizabeth-st pRTMUS Stoves-If your Pnmus stove -*- wants repairing take it to S Cook, 205 Ekzabeth-st who is a specialist this work. «ñUALTROUGH Oreek-st plumber, for V3t all repairs hot water gas, and water work cheap place for iron. XJ1.X king of etovs agent« everywhere. .*-.' Manufacturers forrest. Lang, &, Roper Limited, Menvide-strect, ¡south Brisbane _ "REX, long of stoves receives first .*-*' award.) wherever exhibited_ " REPAORO " To mend any fabrics silks, satins wool lens, cottons kid gloves mackintoshes, &c; without needle or cotton To be had from the leading drapers tailor« Le REMOVAL NOTICE Fred W MasoD having purohased S Smith & Co a rublvr and bras« stamp business has removed to Nos 7 and 9 Australian Chambers next Australian Hotel Queen street Sole agent Backens. derfer type-wntar Tel 1665_ .pOCICTNG horse« tricycles and wag xt «ton« The correct address-Lawson & Tohnston Qaoen-street CJUGGESIIONS for presents- K-> oases writing desks uikstands albums. Lawson & Tohnstop_ G2TEAM ead clockwork engines boats, K-' railways «te -without doubt cheapest and best assortment obtainable Lawson L Johnston_ SILVER MOUNTED goods ¡purses mam *-' cure sets trinket boxes photo iraones, all obtainable at Lawson 4, Johnston'« CJOLID silver watoh with bow attacasa, ^ 21s E Coomber, Jeweller, 478, Quotn. street Brisbane«_ COLLO gold backed combs 10« to 22s Gd. K-> E Coomber, Jeweller, 476 Qusen «treat. Brisbane_ CJOLID gold bamboo braceJeta 2JS to £4 10 10a L Coomber, Jctvekler, 476Queen, street Bnsbnn » .JiHl great demand for David Webster« -*- Meat Pies is a sterling proof of their quahtv Served hot fJAHE tee/ling wine merchant is Lambert, all brands , Australian and Spanish wanes guaranteed free from adulterants "TUIURLOWS patent venetian window ?*? and x eranda blinds are the fDest money can buy Telephone 142 Albion_ yt fJAHE most determined foe to troubles -*- that as-ail the tluroat and lungs is foun I in box Gumleaf Pastilles_ fJAWLED nits cltaaieil dyed ami pitrssetl a sp-tuhtv Ciitenoii ijaundit, Aithin sUcet Spring Hill Phone 488 j li TTMBRBLLAS -Buy direct from maker, '-' large assortment, stylish, and service ahle A Lind 167 Queen-atreet_ TTMBRELLAS rc-oovered from 2s Sd, '-' repairs lowest rates Practical work men, satisfaction. A Land 167 Queen st VdOE-REGAL BAKER Hairy Hu&all; Leachhardt-st, supphes the» sweetest and best bl ead of very variety, under the patronage of his Excellency ti« Right Hon Lord Chehiisfcxrd and Sir A Kuraby, Sir A Musgrave, Sir H AV. Norman Lord Laamnirton, and Sir H Chermside_ T/"AAU'IN< -A new and simple method, ' 1/ post 1/' Datas S, Go 101 Queeiir sheet Jlnsbane WAN I ED OÜele-in GhiisUaii Alaga/uies, ''pipei i-e weellv for sick people, tovs bool lots cnrcL foi sick children, culbin,, boots &.c jot pooi Her, lohn =ou Leichhardt si Phone 911 oi sent foi TTtTANTED Known -Suma from £50 and * * upwards at 6 per tent on approved securities , mortgages negotiated, no com mis charged S Hawgood jun Gcor-re-et VyE require at once 50 girls, from 10-20 * * serve probationary course 6 or 11 months with ladies who wall instruct them fully in cookery houMkecping and matters pertaining to home rtsccivvig small in oreasang wage during probatioaship, good home to be paid according to their worth at expiry of period I Alans Bak«r iinnu «{ration League of «Queensland Brisbane WHATEVER «hall I buy for my «weet TTheart' Do not hesitate, Lawsoi» ¿ Johnston can fix you up YORSTOV BROS ' Buokboeu-ds «t-wheeled dog-cart« imlkiM, »hacton« Est 18S3 Fiveways Soutli Bris "VO more weak u eless Cloudy Vmmoma -«-* /otfto a lughly coucentiattd Cloudy Ammonia in a tin «jual to any three bottles on the marl et Use it in the bath nursery and laundi v Sold bv ill diemis s and grocers at 9d per tin N0U. manufi«« turers Tlhomason Chatcr Lid , 98 Queen gtreet Brisbane_ f^MUKRClAL telegram» trota (juts ^-^ tapital« every morning m the "Be-io brstw Canner'. 7s. ti. pat sjsjjrrlt««-, nisttst TO BEIX HÏRE, OK ZXCHAHQS Dp to 16 word» (not to «xceed 3 line«) 6<1 o00. or three eonsecntlye tun« 1/ PREPUD A GOOD genuine siilmibin birnie -". yunc tobac Ac uni 10¿ wl ta»' £80 intli £laO Burnett op Opeia 1 lou e. IA J Cluvheld house i íoonis ] lichen ."- b-ithiooin double brie! chimney 43 pu lo»dv po /girdcuorni ti c5 ¿300 eis} te uns V, ebb opp OpuiJIouoe v Al Qi}fiell clo c ti i u lcvulenec "Tal -rx lot £4i<> mother 4 illots, 141J \\\ lib »ppo 11c Oi 1 1 Hou t ;" AT Taring! laigi hone \ icu giol ^-"-gillen nice l>o ltion, 1475 "WQW opposite Opera lloiibe ^, A ¡1 Allston neai station siipeiioi vii a ?r3- lesidence »nth si\ illotments, i<80 AS ohb oppo ite Opera Hou e ^" AT Gladstone road UeiditTñ TTîtt -"-slip nor lesidcnce, 2 illot- lovel} po 1 tion i.oyj A\eb opp Opel t How Al AA ot Pud nice Jiouse close p mi» "^section JO perches £4"a ea j teni« A\dib oppo ite Opeiq House AT Normanby Hill walking di t nee ?* large boase thoiough oidei mc ro . tioni itiO 'Webb opp Open llour-e %~ T3USLNESS (Including hotels)~hoi7ê7 .*-' land all arcas every locality cheap easy terms Burnett opp Opera HOUSE (X)JJ \Ar lowiv Hall-Hotel TMS", ^ Bush me brid building lea^e 0 veir lent ¿os weekly 11 100m. in mo 1470' rj01ir\A[-Couiitiv hoteL B"ooi7ii7hTe w lea^c 7 years lent £1, taling, JL6o In £ 0 monthly X37a ,'° O0T1 Y\I lown Hall-Subuibau ilft7i ^ doui" 1 hlidn v»eeklv rent ii \0M lea e well fuini'licd ¿-1000 ,* TTJNGLIS1I and Austrahan sho« cama" £-* tiona catalogues free on application r 'sabino Silkstone via Ipswich Vg TT/OR sale store bulk store outhouses 2 -1- «beds with ß roomed residence to" gethei »vitih 1 acre (freehold) splendidly improved with frontage to maia etrei thriving country town Do»\\-ns turnover £4000 v ear bracing dimate , price £10M cheap G Gamack Yandan Q ' T7/OR fish (fresh or Binoked) oysters .*. pravv ns, crabs Le wholesale or retail' Address L Ccrvetto Stanley-street TpOR bale cuttei Circe TOit over~nÏÏ ?*- 14ft beam coppered with gear corni plete Annly bo\ W12 this olhce TfOUlt good large allotments mer -1- frontage Duinjiiioro Lstate Auchen flow ei dieap Burnett op Opera Ho e PJ.OOD country hotel, Western line 2 *** acres land l8 rooms fully furnisli»d large stables all necessary outbuilding» 9 tanks, 40 vards from railway lease 5c¡ j cars, £2 week, pnce only £475 good trade F G Clark &, Op Toowoomba TTOTEL, Lidsvold lj loom, title told -*-1 fields homestead rent 1/ veai euli homestead L3o0 Leaihy i, Aluiphj "\J ticwval Alutunl Chambers j¡ "CTÖWLING, Petne B Bight pho e 1 n J-J-Y»anted houses slupstolt oiiatint applicants sind n1onp ; ulieulai vi; "¿TOWLING retries PipliT^KciuïïInt ?^ i, boai ding house e v SO I 1 li boarders COO meaLs vvcel lj c* abh lit > '1 yens send foi paiticulus \¡¡ TDD VL home con» nient to ti un hgh .*. health» po-itions panoiannc vic 0 Lbrisbaiie % acie of lind JUJO i, £000 AAdbb opposite Quera House ¡f jl^ONUAILM1 \£i Sale loowong Alay .¡VfONUAJLLNTAL bale, Toowong Miy a" 7th_ |jjrjONU\lL\l VL bale, 1 cow 011, May "plVNOrORlL ow-nei 1er» mg f0 la? -1- land « ici-ihce, £70 new Upng t Gi rd, genuine bargain £.18 Al D C P 0 Bn CaiLArL5>ll R 220 Queen st - 14 0 ».»iii 0 sorioad clObC Ham beaiitifulh »tu ated v ill 1 4 bedroom painte 1 (.irden MLVÊ^TÊR - I MM I ighga te TIilI~do~e " ^ Id -ectiou new v illa 4 1 c lroom laige lottj inn- teints lirgin jg QEEDS for all crops dre»"ed bj modell eJ machinery dwarf 1 ssex rape nu ported broad leay ed lucerne prairie gran, paspalum Rhodes gracs swedes and man gcla J L Holmes &, Co, seedsmen, toowoomba_^_ COUTH Biisbanc near Tonn Hill ° re .^ sidences tooti inve tmeiit for £900 Herbert ¡scott 1S4 Qneei street »4 OPRDvG Hill-Large suitable boirlins ^ hou-e good position onlj £ 0 Her bert 6cott 184 Queen sticci_vg fflPRING Hill house gool 1 iga it a '-' tion £300 small déposât 1 dance us rent Burnett opposite Opera Hou vii rpO lease, with option pínchese lineante ?** faim good di tuet 111« proper1! Burnett opposite Open House_ig wyVRLD t-o r-ell milk lun ern. i '* \\\m M Grath lennj on beeron? pelly_U WELLINGTON Point »hop with d vc ''mg 2H ne cultiv ilion vuidmll, ie £300 Burnett opposite Oper 1 XIou e ¡ TAHLIS LAND Etc Up to 16 irorcls (not to exceed S lin») U ne», or three consecutive timea 1/ PR! PAID A CHLAP Darling Downs farm can be«! ?"-be acquired bv applying to loati Bros & Co auctioneers loovoomba T)ARDING Downs 120 icio, no pear, petmanent water lint 20 it 1 es den-d. Ii/ icie dieep R 1 lghtboth nuct looa T)A1RY faun SOO acres Upper I »bool .^ tine mipiowd yiatired gi eat bl"' gain JO/ ac llcrlitit Vu 1 I1« t'ueen-«t "OOTEL comoined with dany agti -*-1-sheep fui m JSO ac magnifie coan rrj, C miles rail frontage, 3 padks, sheep piooi hotel (nc»v), contains 10 11ns, is on main ctoc» lout« i, comds stead» tride also 4 raid dwel stables barn ic bartn £a/a/a. I ei ms arranged Doneley &, Roger 1 mbi^ TTÏGHLY impio»eddan» finn ojOacreT. .'-'-Dalling Downs, 5 miles ml welland mill £7/10/ acie R lightlolv 1 rtnto OBr Obi Namboiu, Vi) 1 0 pid dock» 100 acres »erii 2'0 eie iai ure ci eel house outl ui!diii" impiv meuts 28 cattle Durban bull epantor, 4001b paspalum seed liest phut don hunt scinb land, ¿JOO D B Al Culloiyli sw li» street_ rpENDERS dose May 31 for purchase or -»- lease (S or 10 years) of the boat «pi oultural and dairy farm in South Queen* land. Particulars from H Hugall, Sprint HiD_ _ TTNIAIPROAri) dairj faim, f'J acrts ^ ly mile fiom nilvvny fence 1 danu, springs £2/2/ 1ère R Lightbod» ü"l" 323 Acres dairy and ngncultural farm, well improved, 7 paddocks per creel: water, 5 miles fr Helidon 12 fi Tbi, comfortable homestead, yards 1. outbuild ings , £4 per ae or with the folloinni stock 50 dairy cattle 0 horses 10 pig', farm implements, separator, ¿c flCW, Pointer ¿ Co agents Tooivoomba £5o0 Ordiard farm going concern 21 miles Bnobane 2otf trecv, beanti; oranges mandarin« persimmons mango» cultivation paddock jermanent nater, large house high -position adjoins railiray station great ¡bargain Sil» ester, 23a Oueen-st MEDICAL ?DECCHAM S PILLS A10 the best remedy for 1 deranged stomach T>ho» ore a safe and gentle laxative J relmble oure for olvtmate Coiistipatioii. Sick Headache Bilious ttt içks and oil disordeia in mg from a wcal Dige«.ia»! sluggish Liver 01 dodged BowtH. BDE01L\AIS PILLS GOAT: QUICK RÜ II F Vnd are a w mid aimons medicine lot. we cine of these pievalent coniplamt 1J«J co,t ia a tnflc tiheu u=e-a du 1 iT »our hcnltns ~aU in ist on BDDOILUIS PILIc 1 hey will do mole for jour bod» than a»iv othei romedj Ivnown anil used oy liunidreds of thousands ill ovei the globe romalo, especiall» will find thai BUSOILAaAIS Pn.LS will redore free an jcculai conditions and bring about O* phviical grace mid beautv windi only cotti tluough perfect health and repi lane». .«old cveiv where in botes Price 10%d (JO Pills) 1/1% (-8 Pul >. and 2» 9d (K3 pul») Pristed and nuMUhed for the Bri*«" J^J s.p« Compu.7 Limited %.«".? ¿JJ? BuVacett ol gandíate reid, Clurï«» «""^ at «MM-strtett Brlsbaae, q^tatUti. 