News Diary. LOCAL AND GENERAL. August 15. The attendance at the Exhibition yesterday was estimated at 46,000, and the receipts totalled £1878, constituting a record in the history of the society. On the corresponding day of last year's show the attendance was 45,000, and the re ceipts £1786. His Excellency the Governor yesterday officially opened the Exhibition in the presence of a large gathering. There was a representative attendance at the official luncheon, and the speakers included their Excellencies Lord Chelmsford and Sir Harry Rawson, and the State Premier. The New South Wale.s bowlers, in a match played at Bundaberg yesterday, de feated the local team by 139 to 62. The steamer Kawntiri has been wrecked at Macquariu Harbour, and six lives were lost. The passage of R.M.S. Himalaya from Adelaide to Perth was marked by a suc cession of gales, and the steamer's upper bridge, steering gear, and wheel house were smashed. Nineteen horses were burned to deatu by a fire whioli occurred at the Laiubton B Colliery, in the Newcastle district. In the Federal Senate j csterday the In come Tax Bill was passed through all its stages, and the Quarantine1 Bill was read a first time. The Supply Bill was intro duced, and after a long discussion wus read a first time. In the House of Repre sentatives Sir Wm. Lyne brought down a message from the Governor-General pre liminary to the introduction of a bill to increase members' salaries to £000 a year. He explained that though Ministers were individually in favour of the bill it must not be considered a Government measure, and it would be for each member to vote as he liked. An'amondinent that the iu crease should not apply until after the next general elections was negatived by 38 to 10, and the resolution was agreed to by 31 to 15. August 16. The steamer Arawatta and the Danish barque Ingeborg came into collision early on Wednesday morning, when in the vicinity of Port Stephens. The barque was almost cut in two, and sank in a few minutes, the captain and six of the crew being drowned. Yesterday's sitting of the Legislative Assembly was devoted to further debate upon the Address in Reply, and at 10 p.m. it was further adjourned until Tuesday next. By the Orient liner Ortona, which ar rived at Pinkenba yesterday, 171 immi grants arrived, including 153 eanoiiekls workers. Mitchell Downs station has been sold to Messrs. Cobbold and O'Brien for £46,500. In the Federal Senate yesterday the Supply Bill was passed through all its stages. The Bills of Exchange Bill was amended in Committee, and reported. In the House of Representatives the bill lo increase members' salaries to £600 was read a second time, Sir William Lyne atl- Mnitting that it was to bo considered as a Government bill. In committee an amend ment to moke the salary £500 was nega tived by 29 to 12, but an amendment exempting the salaries of Ministers and the President. Speaker, and Chairman of Committees from the proposed increase was accepted by the Government and carried. An amendment that the n«!"W tl salaries should date from the commence ment of the Act instead of from July 1 was carried, and the bill was passed through all its stages. At the reception to the representatives of the district exhibits given by the National Association at Bowen Park yes terday afternoon Mr. John Macdonald (chairman of the association) intimated, as an evidence of the advertising value ot the Show, that Mr. Thus. Heaslop, of Messrs. .1. and T. Heaslop and People s Cash Stores, had purchased £2800 of goods exhibited at the Slioav. The New South Wales bowlers yester day met a team representing the EasJ^ Brisbane and South Brisbane Clubs. T!{c game resulted in a win for the visitors by 107 points to 78. Mr. Deakin has left Melbourne for Syd ney on his way to North Queensland, but has not settled upon any plans, his inten tion being to go from place to place as best suits him, and he is particularly anxious that no notice should be taken of his trip. In connection with the new tariff the Minister for Customs states that it has been found impossible to make an excep tion in the case of goods in transit, and the consequence is that the new duties must be paid on all goods cleared after the tariff was brought down. August 17. The attendance at the Exhibition yes terday was estimated at 18,000." The re ceipts totalled £593 195., a decrease ot £34 13s. compared with the corresponding day of last show. the Hon. T. O'Sullivan informed a de putation yesterday that the Treasurer and the Commissioner for Income Tax Avere now considering the advisableness of amending the " natural increase" clause in the Income Tax Act, probably in the direction of providing that the tax should be paid only on stock when it was sold. The annual conference of the technical colleges of Queensland was held yester day. A resolution was carried expressing regret at the omission from the Governor's Speech of mention of the foundation of a Queensland University. The Minister for Agriculture yesterday informed'a deputation from the Pastoral ists' Association that the Government had already written and cabled to the Agent-" General in London to submit to the Go vernment the' name of the most capable bacteriologist and veterinary surgeon that could be obtained, with a view to obtain ing his services. A. Japanese fishing boat, with a crew of fifteen Australian aboriginals, was wrecked on the Barrier Reef on August 3. Eight of the crew were picked up and brought to Macfcay, and il is presumed that the other seven have been drowned. The High Court has given its judgment in the Senate vacancy case", and discharged the rule nisi for a mandamus directing the Governor of South Australia to cause a writ to be issued for the election of a Senator by the people. In the Federal' Senate yesterday a dis cussion took place on the action of tlie Tobacco Trust in connection with the new tariff, and the President of the Executive Council promised that the matter would be brought under the notice of the Crown Law Department with a view to discover ing if any breach of the anti-trust law had been committed. The bill to increase mem bers' salaries to £600 was received from the House of Representatives and read a first time. Captain Collins. Commonwealth repre sentative in London, explains in connec tion with a recent cable message referring to tenders being called for destroyers and torpedo boats for the Australian navy, that Commander Colquhoun is merely obtaining confidential information for estimates of cost if wanted. August IS). Judge Paul has been appointed an Act- ing Supreme Cotii't Judge owing lo the illness of Justice Power. The National Association's Exhibition concluded on Saturday, when it wu.s esti mated that there wore 27,000 people pre sent, including over 20.000 children. Tho takings at the turnstiles were .t'l7 mor« than on the corresponding day last year. A fine display was given by the State School Cadets. The sanitary milk competition in con nection with the Exhibition was won by T. G. J. Pegg, Roeklea dairy. The Q.T.C. Handicap, run on Saturday at the concluding day of .the Q.T.C. Winter Meeting, -was won by Inglewood, from Idol and Rivulet. At the V.R.C. meeting on Saturday tho August Handicap resulted in a win for Dyed Garments, from Zepho and Portland Bob. The annual lawn tennis match 'r.o tween New South Wales and Queensland resulted in a win for the Welshmen by 10 rubbers (284 games) to 2 rubbers (172 games). The Babluirat to Sydney Cycling lloail Race, run on Saturday, was won by F. Altin. Hovdcv, who was fourth, secured fastest time. The New South Wales Government has made a demand that wive netting slmll bo admitted free, so far as State imports arc concerned, relying upon the recent deci sion of the Supreme Court that import* for tho use of the Government arc not liable to duty. As the Collector of Cus toms refuses to admit the netting fr«?o, the Government are arranging to take other steps to enforce their claim. Two men were killed by a fall of earlii in the British Mine at Broken Hill. In the final lacrosse test match, played at Adelaide on Saturday, the Canadian? defeated Australia by G goals to 4. Dur ing the match there was a personal con flict between some of the players, and ii&ticuii;'s and a wrestling match ensued, but the combatants were parted by, mounted police and fellow players. Weekly meetings are to be held by the Anti- Socialist Queensland members of both Houses of the Federal Parliament with a view to resolving upon joint action on; matters of Queensland and general in terest. Regarding the tariff, they agreed that whilst a protectionist attitude should be maintained, attempts to coddle second ary industries at the expense of the primary produced should be firmly resisted. August 20. A conference of representatives of Rabbit Boards was betel in Brisbane yes terday. Among tlie resolutions adoplcil was one urging that the destruction of rabbits should be made a national ques tion, and another opposing the encuuiagt! mentjjfc?^>Hy~^stem which would make t.l^i^fsa^tJjiJTji^i^.pf commercial profit. ' *^^W^?^Al^^-'^purt> i" 'ts decision .^dii/tTie second ponMn of the Jimbour cuso yp-«tt;tda?", aw'ai/lfd; .CJG3.713 10s. as com i)on?aJson payuluii.'lo ,tli« Queensland Na tional Bank by^lht* Crown in respect of tho i^iiljOtil acres Avhi£h**'the Crown proposed wjC.resunie. Ti^ court was also of the opinion^rhtttrilie land might be resumed in three portions, the first to be taken, possession of in September, 1908. Considerable surprise was occasioned in the New Zealand House of Representatives by a statement that the chief Customs expert bad for nineteen years received a travelling allowance of 30s. a day for seven days a week in addition to his salary of £800 'a year. Mr. Chapman, Minister for Customs, re ferring to'tbe duty on kerosene in tins, maintained tbat there should be no in crease in the retail price. Before the new tariff came into operation there were be tween four and five million gallons of kerosene in stock in Australia, and before these stocks were consumed importers would have plenty of time to get tins made in Australia. The Minister for Customs opened in Melbourne yesterday a conference of State delegates on the fisheries question. A short report which has been issued en the working of the Post Ofliee shows a very satisfactory result. The revenue for 1906-7 was £3,130,034, and the total ex penditure, including works and buildings, £2,985,778, giving a surplus of £10,421. In Queensland there was a loss of £49,983. August 21. In the Legislative Council yesterday tho debate on the Address in Reply was re sumed and adjourned until to-day. A bill to ensure provision for testators' families was read a first time, and the second reading was fixed for to-day. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday the Minister for Lands laid bhe latest an nual report of his department on the table of the House. The debate on the Address in Reply was continued, and again ad journed until to-duy. . . The Marine Board inquiry into the Ara watta-Ingeborg collision was contiimed yes terday, when the principal witness . ex amined was Carl S. Albertscn, mate of the Ingeborg, who said that he saw the Ai'a waitta for half an hour before the collision, but he anticipated no danger from the way bhc Steamer was steering. His Excellency the Governor is suffering from a slight attack of influenza at Dilla lah, and the projected shooting expedition to Cunnamulla has been cancelled. The resolutions passed at the conference of representatives of Rabbit Boards on Monday were presented to the Minister for Lands yesterday. Mr. Bell said that the Government would introduce a bill dealing with the matter this session, and he was sure the Government would not be niggardly. Regarding nationalisation, he said that the Government was prepared to recognise the possibility of it being a •way in which to make a larger contribu tion from the public exchequer. Meetings are being held in Melbourne to protest against IMe Federal members voting themselves an increase in salary. With the exception of one stoker all tfie passengers and crew of (he steamer Fortu liatus. which caught fire sit sea. worn res cued, and have been landed at Mauritius. The cargo of the Fortuiiiitus, which, was bound from Calcutta t> Sydney, was <>stt mated to be worth £HO,OOO. 