PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. Mr. Marshall Lvle, hon. sec. of the Victorian Land Settlement" Division of the Immigration League of Australia, puts forth a pamphlet, entitled "The Peril of Melbourne," which should be an eye-opener to people in Melbourne and out of it. In fact, a better title for the. pamphlet would be, "The Peril of the State." That peril, from Mr. Marshall Lyle's . point of view, lies in the fact ..that we are neglecting cultivation in a shameful way. We have rather prided ourselves on being a nation of producers, we have bragged not a little about our exports and our; magnificent resources and great natural industries; but a few figures serve to show how very little we have to brag about. A most surprising comparison between Victoria and Great Hritaiu is made in Mr. Lyle's pamphlet: Great Britain is about the size of Victoria; Great Britain is a manufacturing country, and our chief boast is that Victoria is a producing country, and vet Great Britain produces twice as many sheep as we do, turns out sixty million bushels of wheat per year to our 23 and a half millions, and grows 116ยง million bushels of oats to our paltry seven and" one-fifth millions. We grow one million bushels of barley per annum, she grows fifty-eight millions. Even in the production of horses, pigs, and cattle, she is enormously ahead of lis. "Punch" has frequently spoken of the magnificent productiveness of Denmark, and this pamphlet bears interestingly on Victorian and Danish comparisons. Denmark cultivates four-fifths of her area, Victoria only one-fourteenth. Wc have four and a half millions of acres of timber reserves, Denmark has only half a million, but Denmark earns ยฃ300,000 out of her timber ; we earn less than half. as much. All the mutton, beef, rabbits, hares, bacon, ham and other meats we export does not bring us in a tenth as much as Denmark earns with eggs alone. Denmark earns niore from bacon than we do from wool. "The Peril of Melbourne" contains a useful mass of information of this kind, and is a valuable contribution for the purpose for which it is designed, that of inducing the Victorian people "to do everything in their power to get workers on to the land, and to make them what Bjornson Bjornson claims the Danish agriculturists to be \--the most enlightened' peasantry in the world. 