Crumbs. : General Botha, Premicrof the Transvaal, dec'aies that Asiatic immigration is one of the grav stdanii'-rs co -fro it-na the country. ;Signor Marconi is transmitting press mes sages between County G*lway (Ireland) and Glace Bay (Nova Scotia), averaging 30 words per minute. . , The Danish steamer Alfred Frlandsen, irom xjiuiu, iiuo ui ou mai on ot. ^i.ooa- XLtiaa, on the went coast of Scotland. Twenty of the crew were drowned.' ? The Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria Hungary has passed a real less -night. The Emperor's appetite is good, and the catarrh shows signs of diminishing. There ia no fever. -.'Father, ' said little Rollo,' 'what ia evolution?' 'Evolution, my son, is a sort ef .apology which mau ha-- invented for display sing so many of the traits of the lower anima's.' 'By the way. Jinks, o«n you p iy that .huud^ed I lent y -u l-.st week ?' I just loat all my reaay mi.ney at bridg -.' '*L -»k hure, Binks, I h.-pe you don't tlii--k I'm going !o pay your gambling di-bts.' , An Irishman once trnve the following toast to an E'ltfiishmm ; ' Here's to you. as good as you are, and here's co me, a-i bi i aa I am ; but as good as vOU d!.e aud as h* I as I am, I'm as good as you are, bad as I am.' - It is proposed to comrnemoiat^ in August, .1909, the centenary of Tenuycon. 1 he suggestion is that a selection' of s -»-nes from the 'Idylls of the Kiny' should be presented at Haxelmere, and that any profits should from the nucleus for building a 'Tennyson hall' for social, musical, dramatic, and like purposes. A soldier who obtained Krager's great eeal of the South African R-publio from a Boer who was about to bury it during the date 1 war, offered it for auction in London1 on Friday. The Colonial Office, however, have taken charge of the seal, as it has become crown property as the result of the annexa tion of the Transvaal. Earl Carrington, speaking at (Great Yar mouth, said that thp proposal that had been made by Lord Newton aiid thi Tories to cre ; ate life peers from Colonial Governors, non conformist divines, privy councillors, and literary, artistic, and scientific men would, if carried out, convert the Upper House into a sort of menagerie of celebriries, or a ' glori fied Athenaeum Club.' Ihe Rev. Charles M. Sheldon has plans for a line of temperance steamships. 'If I bad money,' he says, 'I w.«uld build a-, steamer the size of the Adriatic, aud run her between Europe and America. I would not sell ia 'drop of rum on board nor permit any form of gambling. It would bo a most suc cessful steamer, and declare ' a dividend for religion.' Messrs. Bedford and Taylor have an nounced„that their annual horse sale, tfie largest and most important of its kind held in the western districts, commenced at Wel lington yesterday (Tuesday), ana will con tinue till next Saturday. -The- catalogue comprises 1,000 horses of every class for heavy and light harness work, besides re ' mounts and gunners, as wsll as a few polo ponies. Mr. Arthur Griffith has given nofico of the following motion in the Legislative Assembly : That, in the opinion of this House, the time .has arrived when the people of New South Wales should be ^iven an opportunity of ex pressing, by referendum, their views as to the advisability of abolishing the state Legis latures, civil services, Governatorial estab lishments, and of vesting the ^hole govern ment of AustraJ^a in the hands of an Aus tralian Parliament. It is astonishing how everything, from poetrv to piecrust, is improved by shortness. Now we find this in everything. r A few examples will prove this conclusively. A man makes a call, and for half an hoar he is brilliant.; he stops three-quarters, 'and we discover he is a bore. A sj eaker orat s after dinner, and for five minutes he ajnnsra every body; he speak? for 10, and becomes a plati tudinous nuisance who has to be coughed down. Tha newspape'8 at Toronto intarpret a remark iu the speech of E«rl Grey, at Port Hope to mean that there is some prospect of King Edward and Queen Alexandra visiting Canada on the occasion ot the anniversary celebration of Champlain's landing at Quebec. The 'Daily Telegraph's' correspondent at Ottawa reports that it is officially stated that no intimation has been given of a Royal visit to Canada in 1908. King Edward, however, will probably be represented at the' tercen tenary celebration. Haw does it feel to be the oldest person on the face of tbe globe ? Mrs. Mary Ramsev Lemmons Wood, U.S.A., who celebrated her 120th birthday recently bv taking a long spin in an automobile, is the only .person so far as known 'who is qu-dified to answer this query. Here is her answer : 'It feels trreaf. I am 120, and feel young, r than I did 20 years ago. Only a short time ago I cut two new double teeth . My doctor says it is the first case of the kind «ro record. When I was only 100 years old I thought my days were numbf-red. But I have grown younger every dav since then. I expect to see 130.' A sensation has been caused in every sec tion of the community in Pretoria by the desecration of -tbe grave of the lata exPresi dent Kroger. His- bust was found .to have been wrenched trom.its base, and lay a yard distance. The tombstone of his ijrandohild, .in. the same plot of ground, was\ sliyhtly damaged,-' and the statuetto of an anjrel at the head of the grave wax overturned The desecration is attributed to an a tempt to -teal the bnst- of th.' ex-Presid^m with a view to secure a reward for it- n turn, but the bust pptvrd heavier than w^ iintifijiated. 'A marvel of surgery has been, shovyrj to th8 French Academy oi Medicine by Dr.- Delair. A patient had lost his chin, part of his lower ?jaw, his lip, a partion of bis t- nguH. and bis nose, owing to the explosion of a gun which he^was .firing. ? An apparatus in four pieces has been made for him which m -k s a'l trace tif his loss practically invisable. ;T/ie chin and lower lip, with fal-e beard on theiti, are ma^e of soft indiarubber, the Jieoos8 iry ;tfl^th, nose, and jaws have been supplied, and' th-- patient can himself remove and repl ce the apparatus, which weighs only a trifl.- rnorethan an ounce. . A lieutenant of a regiment jsUtioned iu Afiica. was hunting for big . rHine. He was fearless, but for some reason he : hesitated to shoot at the great lioness that' approachod. Nearer and nearer she came, at d w is limping. Tbe big-harted soldier took out' the thorn ' which ; he saw in her foot and sbgj limped away -; gratefully. ? ? And the L soldier forgot theincirident. Not so with her ladyship. She returned the next, night, looked over the f ? roster of the'iegimeni:, and ete every officer that ranked above the lieutenant, ' who, of course, .by her aotiye gratitude, was^made a ,, colonel. -' A well known Scottish architect was travel 'liiig in Palestine ifeceptly, wh°n news r. ached him-of.auiaddition to his family, circle. Tne happy father immediately , provided, himself 'with some watpir frotn ; the Jordoh, jo carry ;Home for the cbrist'ening of th6 infant, and . ?returned to Scotland. ? On : the Sufiday ap pointed for the ceremony he duly present d himself at 'the church, and sought out the ' beadle, in order to hand over the precious water to his care. He pulled the flask from bis pocket, but the b -adlo held up a warning finirer, -and came n- arerto whiter,- ' No the \- noo sir, no the no -M'tybe after the. kirk's oot.' ' ' ? ... i On- Friday about 100 country, newspaper ? proprietors a:tend»'d at the . w irehouse- . of Harry Franks and Co.; 82 Pitt-Btreet, to^ wit ness a demonstration of rh^-c ipabilit'es of fcho -Simplex Type seftinsr and distributing Mac hine; and were greatlv interested -in its work. iihg'. 'The machine sets and dist'ibutes simul laneou^ly foundry type, thri type being spe cially nioked for distribution. ? The setting is ^worked from a.keyboard, and as several key a i can frequently :be operated'at one ; time, very great speed is obtainable byJ the 'operator. ? The gearing parts are few and expensive, '^making the coat of ^renewals infinitesimal. ^The machine ia eaBily understood and opsr ? ated. ' - - ?? ' 3 ? . r' '?'?' ' .? V'- i:' ; ' - '?-*'& 