THE: DESIRABLE IMMIGRANT. ' Since the gold magnet drew people liere from all countries and in great numbers years ago,: Australia's relation to desirable immigrants has been almost as imaginative as that of tlie penniless children, toward uie delicacies they .affect to select from tlie for bidden sliop-wiudow. It lias, in fact, had to rank among that class- of people who are proverbially denied. the privilege of choos ing. There arc now signs, however, of the .probable iifting of that disqualification. Many things— notably the. recent demonstra tions of thecouutry's wonderful productivity and -swift recuperative power— have brought tlie Common wealth into favorable promin ence iu those countries which have people to part with, and if wo cannot exactly say- yet that we- will have this or will not have that, it become's increasingly reasonable to consider where we shall look for the new settlers that are needed. Of course, if they could he got tlie British are incomparably the most desirable of all immigrants. It very seldom happens that the originator re mains superior to all' others after time has made its tests. The billiard-player who in vented tho "anchor-cannon" the. other day, only to find that others: could use it much better than he could, typifies in liis- reduc tion to inferiority the almost universal rule of one's discovery being improved upon by others. But tlie great colonisers are the great exceptions, and are still incomparably the best people to have in the colonies they founded generations ago. For national pur poses, too, they are, preferable in Australia; if there is.auy danger of Empire disintegra tion/as" some politicians excitedly assert there is, the host cement to bind it with is that of nationality. Vet it may profitably bo remembered that tbere are advantages in racial mixture, of, which the colossal exem plar is the -British nation itself, which ad vanced to what it is through unprecedented fusion, and- with the aid of that open-door throiigh which Came so many of the sturdi est aud most industrious and highly-skilled who at different times fled to England froin Continental persecution. To-day hundreds of thousands of foreigners are flocking into the United States, as they hnve been doing almost ever since tho Civil War, and in most cases valuably reinforcing its citizenship. What becomes of the average immigrant from Great Britain, Gerniany, Franco, Swedoii, Norway, Italy, and Austria "is readily ascertained liy a glance at any com munity which lias received such accessions," wrote Senator Perkins, of. California, not long ago; "one will find them in all walks of fife, industrial and professional, and their children amoiig tiie most ardent of young 'Americans'," : .A. counsel, of immigrant perfection is con tained in that statement, for any country that' can attract (apart' from British) Ger mans, Frenchmen, Scandinavians, Italians, and Austrians can acquire the material for effective nation- building. When it coines to details we have, unfortunately, to exclude Franco,, whose people are almost entirely homekeepers. The United States naturally supplies the gauge where immigration is concerned, and of over a million people who entered that country in 1905 only 10,.1GS came from France, including Corsica. As for the Germans, Australian experience of tliom only makes tlie smallness of their uuuibei's the niore regrettable. Apart froin their blood-tie recommendation to Britishers, the industry of these, people, their intellec tual and physical qualifications, and the high standard of civilisation whieli they re present, would make . tliem welcome any where. Germany, indeed, strikingly forti fies the theory of the survival of the fittest, for its people, who alone among Europeans withstood tho Romans, and who largely colonised and even named embryo England, are not only in the vanguard of civilised and powerful nations to-day, but are also among those even rarer elect whose populations in crease naturally. Next to, If not equal with them, are tlie Scandinavians, especially valuable to Australia, because, as has been said by Mr. I-Irolf Wisby, a Danish-Ameri can journalist, they are found fewest in American cities, "and iu characteristic evi dence iu the country, where the soil claims them by 'preference to almost any other race." A country which needs primary pro ducers can have no more clinching proof of the desirability of Scandinavians than the fact that they rank so high among (lie foreign populations of productive American States as 45 per cent, in Minnesota, 37 per cent, in both North nnd South Dakota, 20 per cent, in Wisconsin, and 25 per cent, in Utah. The Italians— vitally interesting, in view of their possible suitability to tlie Northern Territory— are simply invading America north aud south. Into the United States they have been pouring, 'for the last few years, at tlie rate of nearly 200,000 an nually, and are mostly found valuable citi zens in both town and country. Among many testimonies to these people, one of special Australian interest is the statement of a Boston journal that "tlie Italian is a lioru irrigator, and now all along tlie New I-laveii-road can lie seou garden-like estates which were abandoned by their previous owners.1' To South- America- Italians have gone so' numerously'.' ffraF the-..:authorfl' of; "Italy of To-day" - estimate - that there are three millions; of them In Ufazii, Argentina;: and Uruguay nione. They are said to con stitute nearly halt the. eoinmercial.firms'bf Buenos A.vres. -"Italian peasants. and 'metf of business have a monopoly of the corn farms," these.. authors report; , '.'they, own rural property to the value -of £10,000, 000,- find' one in every eight is a pfoprletp.r"; .they. constitute tlie' "enormous majority'' in"; the, Argentine wheat-growing provinces; the Ar gentine "wheat king" is an Ilalinn who pos-s sossed half a franc when he lauded) and; another Italian is "the greatest railway con-> tractor in South America." But ail is not good that- conies from tlie Old World. Every year tiie United States gets its million-odd imruigfaii'ts;"of whom, to take 1905 as a typical year,' about half, came -from Austria- Hungary,' Russia;' and Finland, the Balkans; Foliind, ' Turkey, ; n'ncf Asia '(apart from China,. Japan, "'and iiidia). .'With a re-, servatlon in favor .of Austria, ,a large . pro portion of these, must hayo been-, essentially undesirables, if only, because they .< were people who had been inured' to low stand ards ' of government and iiidivftfual; exist-' once, and were therefore' unsuited tq the' conditions of advanced .civilisa'tion; also be-, cause their .natural, drift, would bp away: from- agricultural industry: and toward tiie' metropolitan occupations.- "Natives of Southern Italy, Syria,' and Greece conic ' here under the padrone' system, some of: them' re ceiving only a hundred dollars per year foV tiie work . they, do, their earnings ,gbjug ..to., their masters,", says Senator. Forking, at tiie same time .admitting that fliey .\iji. prefer able' to -Asiatics in the .accepte<l -meaning .of that word, :and that:''tho secoud' generation; educated in our public-schools, ' becomes American in the best' sense of the -term." The- lesson thus enforced Is that there are important degrees of difference between national classes of immigrants. . Thp first thing, in classifying them, .is to estimate those whose traditions and experiences are of oppression and intrigue against it; the next to draw . as firm ; a debarring : line, as possible against- people likely to herd up in towns, or to become turhulent'indii'striar em ployees, as so many of the Hungarians have done in America. What Australia needs is men subject to that call to the soil which the Germans- and the Scandinavians have so notably shown ..themselves responsive to, and with the gifts of thrift, industry, and enterprise.- According to that specification; and in view of known facts,' any systematic campaign for immigrants to this coiintry ought to bo conducted among tho peoples of Great Britain, Germany, Scandinavia, and Italy— from whom the uative population would receive welcome reinforcement/ anil to whom Australia could honestly' offer the prospect of- material advancement. . 