COMMERCIAL REPRESENTATION. New South Wales spends a consider able sum of money each year in the maintenance of comlnercial agencies in the East and South Africa, but at the same time appears to be serious ly neglecting the tar more important question of adequate commercial re presentation in Ureat Britain. it is no doubt desirable to have as many markets as possible opened up for the sale of Fioe produce of the State, and Mr. Suttor, in tile East, ant i tr. Valdcr in South Africa, have probably ldone as well as anyone could have done in the spheres of their re spective operations. Great Britain is, however, tihe principal market open to New South \\\ales, and the figures quoted the other day proved that Australia's contrilbutions to the ever increasing food importations of the old country are very smnall, and the contributions of Ecuw South Wales are of course much smaller still. It is no doubt true that all the produce sent from this State finds a market through ordinary chaninels in the United Kingdom, but that hardly seems to be sufficient. New South Wales products on thie retail markets of Great Britain are almost unknown, much of the primest butter being sold as Danish, the frozen lambs aind Isheep as Yew Zealand, and ilour as Canadian. What New South Wales requires is to establish a name of hlier ow?\, and thus obtain the best possible advertiscmlent in her campaign for the attraction of immigrants. T'le products of this State are not excell ed by those of ,any other country, and vigorous commercial representa tion would be able to establish among retail buyers in England the knoew ledge that "New South Wales" brand ed on produce was a guarantee of ex cellence. Yew Zealand has done a great deal in this direction in the case of hlier own- products, and by branding, advertising, and keeping in touch with the retail distributors, that colony has placed her exports before the consumers under their proper name and on their own merits, and no doubt great good ihas result ed. 'thils is really not a matter which the individuial exporter can attend to, but it wants attending to all the same, and should be a concern of the State. The production of Xewv South Wales must increase by leaps and bounds, and therefore it is becoming more than ever desirable that the products of the State should be placed on the retail market of the old country ruider their own honest de signation, and not hidden under a more or less fradulent description, whlich ascribes their origin to some other country. For many years the Agent-General's office in London ful filled mnerely financial functions, and concerned itself in nio way with the question of commercial representa tion. Y'ot a clerk in the oilice had erver seen New South Wales, and the Agent-General himself was generally a politician of no commercial ability, wnho received his appointment for purely party reasons. Atr. Car ruthers, when he became Premier, largely altered this condition of anffairs by appointing Mr. Coghlan \Agent-General, and sending to Lon don Messrs. Clarke and Preedy, of the Agricultural Department; but expe rienc has shown that much more re quiries to be done before a goodwill will be created for New South Wales products on the English market, by their being sold under their proper designation. 