THE CRITIC. Who can undaunted brave the Critic's rage Or note unmoved his mention in the Critic's page Parade his error in the public ey« And Mother Grundy's rage defy ? The Devil's whisper : Suspicion. » * * The publican's prayer : Preserve our pubs. • * • The hen-pecked person's paradise : The track. • * « Bung is going to put,up a big fight.at the next elections. * .* * Most men are liars .: ^though some are clumsier than others. « * * . -An -ugly face and a scraggy figure are great aids to'virtue. • » • Don't let us think ! If we did, there would soon be an end to Society. . - . ' - . • » ' .* . * He soon became a vegetarian after being employed at a Chicago meat cannery. * .* * Paregoric contains 45 per cent, of alcohol. That's the stuff to lay in for Sundays ! * * ^ • Love and Liquor do not coalesce in Nor- 'way, .for wbmep are-barred from officiating in hotel-bars. * _ * / * Exasperated subscriber, VIS there a blithering idiot ut the end of this line ?" Perth Telephone Girl : "Nojt at THIg end* sonny !'* . » . •» » • The man who persists in telling (is of the sure results of close and continued application, says, in effect: "Consider the •porous plaster how she . draws !" • * + A French photographer has, it is alleged, discovered a way of taking the likeness of the human voice. We want one of John De B&un;'s on a post-card. •' * » » In the American Federation of Labor, numbering 2,000,000 mpmbers,, nearly every man is a Socialist, pleading that Trades •Unionism is but a makeshift, or a sort of half-way hbuse- • * • - There was once, a girl named O'FIynn, Whose figure was terribly thh. And when she essayed To imbibe lemonade She slipped through the straw and fell in. » * * If the nations of Europe keep on increasing the size of the battleships at the present rate, they will require to increase the size of the' ocean to make room for them in which, to manoeuvre and navigatef • • • Over 900 indictments have been presentee at Findlay, Ohio, U.S.A., against J. D. Rockefeller and his co - directors of the Standard Oil Trust The trials are expected to last for 50 years. By that time, J.D. will be - in Heaven—or * • Hades. • Mrs. Thaw's mother' drew money from Stanford White as part of the pay for her daughter's adultery. Yet we Anglo-Saxons marvel when Persian parents sell their children in order to pay taxes, and Russians sell their's to obtain food ! • * * A London paper has discovered a journalist who, having lost both his arms, writes articles with his teeth. This is nothing new. West Australia boasts several journalists who do a good deal more work with their mouths than With their pens. / • » * West Australian Government hospitals cost the State £85,000 last year. Ingratitude of patients who can pay, but don't, responsible for half this total- Government officials are altogether too lenient in collecting hospital fees, probably ihrough dread of being charged with inhumanity. • • • Drakard, the misfit immigration lecturer, who recently mis- represented W.A. ii- England, offered to put up 3D lectures for Tummy Bent, of Vic., for £«0 a-night. With the notion in his mind feat Deakin would accept a permanent -engagement at half the. monejj, Tummy violently, and snortfully replied to Drakard: "NO BUSI- NESS ! * * * Good judges of the game-are of opinion that Johnson, the colored pug, is little inferior to what Peter Jackson was at his best. Johnson was b'eer - sparring and counter-lunching in Springfield (Illinois),' when George Siler, of Chicago; picked him .up. ,He was one of the-six niggers thrown into a ring together, as a humorous opening item at a fight, and promptly , spread his five co-fighters out, with lightning wallops on the jaw. Only two got up and h< sent them down for keeps. The others bolted, . - . . . » .* * : Austin-Chapman, Federal P.M.G., ha« fixed the .minimum ,rate for contract' post offices at £110 per "annum, out of which the contractor pays house-rent and boymessenger. Contract offices are against public policy. The contractor is generally; a female, and it is an established fact that where the contract office is controlled by a female, the business does not Increase. The contract office is on a level with the huckster's shop post offlcc. whepe the township knows everybody's business. How Mr. Chapman can expect the con 1 .tractor to te honest on £110 a-year passes comprehension. People who live in -glass hodfees should always unijjaeiss in therdafk. ' ' * - : .< « . • . The naked .truth .gjfre jnany an erring man an attack of cols dttiivers. Polygamy is a ^oughtless method of increasing the family expensed • ' * - • A woman always means"what she says— if "she's married, and is talking to" her husband. * * * Iqi Chicago,' they have introduced the Hugless Dance. We, shall next hear of the Lipless Kiss. * » • The Noo Tark papers suggest that the result of the "Thaw" trial may terminate in a "White" frost * * • In fhis world, we either impose or are imposed upon. And the man who does not seem to do the former, (or be the latter) is always worth watching. • . * - • Criminal Chinese escapees and fugitives from Justice are invading England. Up to somebody to move for the establishment of a White Great Britain. » * • » Despite the continuous pOlice-patrolling of St. George's Terrace, the block between William and Irwin - streets is still the nightly prowling-place of notorious nymphs de pave. . • • • "Truth" is delighted to learn that its old "friend, H. E. Laslett, has been returned unopposed for a seat on the Cottesloe Board of Brassless and Brainless Bounders. Laslett is in his right place—NOW! » • * "West Australian" re-prints a column of stentorian shriek about civic corruption in San Francisco, but is significantly silent regarding the paternal attitude of Perth City Councillors toward the Perth Gas Co. * '* • Alfred Dampier passed through Brisbane recently. The fine old.actor looks aged. His.last trip to Fogl&nd; does not seem to havd improved his health, but {he flashing eye, and the mellow, musical Voice still remain. . * « • \- From a recently-published book on etiquette.: "You should never scratch your head, pick your teeth, clean your naUs, or pick your nose in company. To chew to'- bacco, and its . unnecessary accompaniment, spitting, are vulgar in the extreme V' • * * * In India, the home, of bubonic plague, a mosquito - campaign; is prosecuted as vigorously as the war against the rodent Yet, here in Perth, the local authorities actually create ponds for. the skeeter to breed in, right in the congested centres of the city. • * * Concentrated beer in tabloid form has been invented by a Danish engineer- This should suit the wowsers to carry in their waistcoat pockets to their Sunday ser- vices. But will not someone invent an odorless beer, so that one's wife can't tell when a man's had a pint ? » * * Years ago, G. P. Doolette, chairman of the Great Boulder, and promoter of numerous predatory mining felines, ran a select tailoring establishment in King William-street, Adelaide. All the blue- blooded Gold Bugs of the Unholy City used to get their pantg built at Doodette's clothiery. * * » Japan has discovered an invisible torpedo, which will be fired by wireless electricity. The enemy struck by one of these will never know just exactly whait happened. If war becomes much more scientific, it will be a game for prqfessors in the chemical laboratories, played something like long - distance chess, or "laterday. prize-fighting, which is mostly at long range—through the columns of the newspapers. * * * The late J. B. Roe left £36,000. He had not a penny invested in. mining shares. As all Gropers, he did nothing for the industry which gave him his thousands. J.B. held'town lots, a couple of early-day land' locations and bank, and gas, ahd other sure things in stocks. But he was no speculator, to put down money where he might not pick it up, with interest added, in the course of a\Iew, and not many, days. * * * Adelaide "Blowfly" buzzes : "Patrick Whelan, publican, orator and philosopher of Kalgoorlie, was at one time an Adelaide draper, and made himself famous by bawling out in the shop in a foine, rich brogue : "Forward, the Ribbon Department V Whether the customer wanted a pair of socks or didn't it was immaterial to Patrick. He always sent them to the Ribbon Department He was an alderman of Adelaide, and once nearly got into the S.A. Legislature. He now draws dividends from a brewery, whilst numerous Hebes also pull beer for his living." # .»' Said Hagan : "Be jabers it's. funny ! As I said when I ate a stone bun : We have specs on our apples and praties. And nowi we have Bpots- on the sun. 'Tis the same causes droughts, floods and earthquakes, Shure it's time I went out wld my gun: I've often knocked spots off a Peeler, Now I'm going, to knock spots off the sun." • * » A CRICKETER'S SONG- As cricket time is coming on apace, the following "Old Song" may be found to have a fresh flavor : A" quick" eye and a springy bat, And ! 'a score that runs up fast, And a clean, hard bit that leaps and roils. And clears the bounds"at last And clears the bounds at last, my boys While, rapid though he be, . In vain the long-leg .pants and strains As he follows o'jer the le&. ', •"'6h* for 3 softetfd gentle lob !"- v - I heard an old 'un cry, But giye^to me the . rattling pace, : And an Off-bali rising highu. An off-ball rising high, my boyis. When cut with wrist so free, Away through the slips it flies and spins. And we go for a lively three. There's mischief in your leary twist, There's danger in that throw. Bpt hark to the music criclteters, • i As over his head they go. As over hiS'heail t'ney go, my boys, ' '" And the-tent rings loufl mth'glee. The willow wood is our'weapon good, Arid merry men are we. Every husband ought to make his wife a regular allowance. ~ Every wife, you know, is constantly making allowances for her husband. * * » Gerald Browne, of "Tower Hill notoriety, was booked through to England from Melbourne by the R.M.S. Marmora- He failed to,leave • a P.P.C. • Card • for "Truth." Living is cheaper East. Deck-hand of a Sydney ferry-boat, four years in the same employ, keeps a wife and wean, as well as himself, on a salary o£ £1 per week, well and truly paid weekly. ''* * * . -The Supreme Court of Montana (U.S.A.) has reversed the decision of a lower court declaring the eight-hour law unconstitutional. The statute comes into immediate operation, and affects all workers in mines, mills and smelting .works. » * * Mark TWain seems to fear that h|s countrymen's "worship of .gauds, titles and distinction" will cause. the United States to become a monarchy. In that event, it is to be Jioped the Monarchy will be more limited than • the present. » - ' Goldocracy. # Goldflelds paper is barking for a tax on gram^>hones which assault the atmosphere with canned atrocities. For revenue-making purposes, "Truth" prefers a penalty on perambulators, which pertinaciously pester pedestrians on public pathways. .* * * Sydney "Freeman's Journal" alleges that, that there are only three Roman Catholics in the Federal Houses of Parliament- The "Freeman" is .wrong. .This State sent at least three Holy Romans to the House of Yap last December. And there are pthers. * * * « An experienced buBh: worker,. engaged through the Labor Bureau to ring-bark some country on the Warren for the Lands Department, informs us that, working 10 hours a-day, he oOuldn't earn more than 30s. per week at the sweating rate paid by the Government # • • *• "Daily News" humorist: "James Liddie, butcher, of Sydney took Rough on Rats. The last thing he did." i/fiis may be funny, but it is not fact. • The last thing Liddle did was to throw in his alley, and point the bowsprit of his Spiritual Barque for the Cuba of Eternity. # * *. Alfred Deakin says the railway from Kalgoorlie to Port Augusta will be -"constructed gradually." Which recalls, the chorus of the comic m g : -- f ' "He swallowed two bob and we've -got one-and-nine, So we're getting it by degrees." • , . + A New York woman Jbnelt the books she wished to borrow from the Public Library, anpreferred those odorous of tobacco, "for,'" 1 said she, "the best books arc rea4 >y men" If the lady were in Perth her test would be the perfume of .insecticide used to fumigate the volumes. • • » Gold Bug Doolette is in Aus. as representative of . nobody , in particular, and pays his own fare and travelling exes. This item of'. news is direct from the stable, and may be accepted as fact The exemplary guinea:pig is out here literally for the good of his health, and it may be to put pieces into a not-too-plethoric wallet * « • A foreign fruiterer of this town made a remarkable remark to a friend the other night. His daughter was on the other side 3f the street talking to a man who is a well - known "chicken-chaser." "I' vonder who that man vos talking to mine daughter 1" he said. 'I don't like to see her s'peaking mit strangers. Besides, she vos only thirteen.!" * * * Not often that the country editor ain&s; half-bricks of criticism at local councils and roads boards, from which a reasonable share of advertising and printing patronage may be expected; But the Eastern Districts "Chronicle" man has been waving a wild shillelagh, lately, at York Municipal Council, whose discussions he declares to be dreary and long-winded. From what we remember of the country councillor's choler, there ought to be a spell of stormy weather round that newspaper office. "The Labor Call" (Melb.) writes: "The Liberal Party is made up of Christians, Infidels. Agnostics. Atheists and Christian Scientists, Theosophists.-Spiritualists and every other phase,of religious thought. The same is true of the Conservative Party. And the same is- true of the Labor Party. Ours is a political and economic (not a religious) movement- Directly, we have notfiing to do with religion. It would be just as absurd for us to take a sudden stand on religious questions as it would be for the Liberals or Conserva-' tives to do "so. To be sure, when a preacher attacks us, we are not slow to expose him. We show how he has. prostrated himself before the Capitalists. We pare away his conventional excrescences, and lay bare his heart to the public gaze. But that ia not an attack upon religion. It is only self-defence against the savage thrust of a mercenary hypocrite." EVENING IN THE HIGHLANDS. 'Tig eve! How clear ^nd calm the sky! The sparrow chirps, the day is done. Across the fields long shadows fall. Sloigly declines the glowing sun. And Mother Nature's children all Her bosom seek at twilight's'calL Onward the river winds below, * And loudly dips the boatman's oar A pensive look is ty his eye : He knows a cottage near the shore. In fancy hears an Infant cry Of welcome as his boat draws night Hhrk ! 'Tis the hunter on the - hill: Tired of the chase,'he's going home. With heedful step -and shouldered gun, He picks his way o'er mossy stone. His faithful dog, too tired to run. Is* comrade .now, and guardian. And we, too, loiter side by side, Upwacd along the slanting way. With full hearts, turning oft to view The glories spilled by fading day On purple hillB, oh, nature, true ! Glad inspiration breathes from you. Mysterious darkness shrouds the woods. Goodnight, loved voices of the dell. The poet hears each cadence light. And knows the story that you tell, Swdet-scented woodland, stars so bright. Swift-flowing river, all, good-night! Ducks and gpese stuffed with bottles t>f grog were among the remarkable parcels that went through the post in England during the festive'iXmas season. '"* " • " * An erstwhile enthusiastic angler of William-jstreet has gone cold on fishing for flounder, and now fishes for female. He uses a "spoon"' bait, with alarming success. \- I • # • Complimentary send-offs to Lands Surveyor Fred Brockman were given a prominent place in the leading daily. The fact that" "Fred is father-in-l*w to fPartproprietor Hackett had, of -course, noth-: ing to . do with the case. > '- : • * * " * Alleged that the gilded daughter of a Groper sire was caught one night, last week "in holts" with a tram conductor, who, by the way, is a married man. . The result may -he a trip to England for. the tart, and the bullet for the gallant of the P-E.T., * * * A society paper says t "It is notorious that .the female humail animal is tbugher•< than' the male." Well, there are some pretty tough propositions in petticoats in Perth, but one doesn't expect to tod the fact set out in print—particularly in a sociey paper. » 1 • #" Sir .John Forrest strongly advocates the holding of a State Premiers' Conference this year. If Jack is to stage-manage the show, our man will be sure of a speaking part in the production. Up to the present W.A. has not been allowed to even walk or. carrying a banner- •» * * When the Thaw Murder trial is over, Mrs. Thaw will find It somewhat difficult to secure an entree into the aristocratic circle surrounding her husband's sister, the Countess of Yarmouth. "And the circle, that Thaw himself will mix in is still a matter of some • uncertainty. * • ' - » Coolgardie Council is suing recalcitrant ratepayers for arrears of rates dating back to 1897. First case listed was against Charles Campbell Macklin, of No. 18 Fleet-street, London, solicitor, to reebver £97 ids* - The case was compromised, the council accepting * - £15 in full payment. * - '» A correspondent of the Boulder paper calls on Parliament to rise and "kill the goose that lays that bitter aloe, "Private Enterprise," a sweater and a robber in disguise. A goose laying a bitter aloe would be something of an anomaly, like a member of Parliament laying a foundation stone. . ' * : ; , » - .; > \- Overheard in a Hay-street bar.- tJussie; "Don't presach, Gertie ! You are becoming a common proselytiser." Gertie: "How dare you call me that, you bounder? For two pins, I'd call the boss !" Gussie: "Don't mind him, Gert He doesn't know what he says- Why don't you tell him he's a pons ^sinorum ?" Gertie : "You are right, Gussie. That's just what he is, but I won't soil my lips by telling him so." • * • Id is unsafe,to leave a bicycle or buggy in the street what, time a certain party, of shickered scribes are out on the warpath. They shook most everything on Monday last, and wound up by embezzling the Swan Brewery steam waggon. Their kleptomania appears to be connected with a collaborating scheme. • It seems they have designs on writing Roe-street reminscences, under the heading of "Pinched and Boobed.', - - * * * The Perth Local Board of Health is a distinct and stinking menace to the public health. One of its by-laws requires the thorough draining of stables, and the Central Board has just discovered that in a number of important instances this by-law is not being enforced. So stubborn is the Local Board of Smealth in this respect, that the Central Board proposes to push the matter to the extent of compelling the Local Board to enforce its by-law in this particular. A Board that won't compel Boodle to clean-up its back yard ought to be booted clean out of existence. The Local Board of Smealth is the most smellful thing we have in this smellful city. > « » | TWO PICTURES. "The" physical characteristics of the English are altering rapidly. The tall, graceful woman, with kindiy eyes and sweet smile, is being replaced with bigmade women, with a firm chin, hard- looking, and taking long decisive strides."— English paper. Adieu to the damsel of dignified days, The beauty we used to adore. With the charms of her, face, and the grace of her, ways, And the delicate air that she wore ! And hall to the hoyden who reigns in her place, Rude-featured, ungainly of walk, Whom no man would ever desire to embrace, Nor list to her tom-boyish talk ! Two pictures—the one finely fashioned to please, The other but limned to repel : Ah ! (if not too late) let us beg on. our knees ' The gods reimburse -us our-belle ! * \ * * w During the latter portion of his ten years' reign as Nizam of the Occident, the Falstaffian chevalier who first saw the light in Sunbury, issued a ukase forbidding public servants to leave their offices during business hours. This edict, be it observed, aimed at stopping the 11 a.m. counter lunch racket, then in full swing throughout the service. On receipt of this notice, a prominent personage in a certain department—who, by the.way, is still in harness, and was) .the subject of remarks' the reverse of complimentary in a recent commissioner's report—said to his cobbers: "We must let Jack see what we think of this, we'll Catch him coming down the Terratfe at 11 or a little after, so we'll be on hand^-and nab him." "Right oh, we're there-, every time/'^came the response. Accordingly, just on the stroke of the hour, the straw-hat brigade, headed by the aforesaid leader, sallied forth to waylay the burly Forrest, who was~personally acquainted with the whole crowd of envoys. "Ah, there he is," exclaimed one of the party, as the object of their quest tacked and stood straight across for the group. "Hello!" blurted out Jarrah Jack," what the devil are you fellows doing here ? I—I—." "Oh* yes, that'B alright, don't mention it," came promptly from, the captain of the convoy ; "we are simply wetting your New Regulation, so cumanaveadrink." And John joined 'em. i "See," exclaimed the gushing maiden, "the jroung lambs gambolling in the meadow I" "And no police, gboot-i "-^sportfid the pasty-faced avowser felOngtk&lto; the League for the Suppression of fiaifian Instincts. ' *' * Is "Needle," of thS "Nooze," becoming Journalistically indepent, or -is he not keeping pace with the ..development, of slang ? On Wednesday he quoted a line,' which, if reprinted %ere, would get the whole 11 outfit six sioixttis in the boob. "Morning?Jferaid" decri%i„,©eakia as "a true Imperialist, witSoujt jingb tendencies." Much like dracribffig sftnan'as a teetotaller, but not a bigoted, one. An Australian who belongs to the imperialist faith' MUST be a Jingo. Same as the man who "reads the .notice ."Wet Paint." He gets some on his fingers. , • ' J * • * Ingenuous reporter of the "Wesf'^tacks on to the chronicled arrest of two Chinese gamblers an elaborate explanation of Pak-a- pu, terms of which clearly prove the scribe's abyssmal ignorance Of this Celestial lottery. The daily paper pressman « who depends on detectives for ' hiB knowledge of Pak-a-pu (and similar seductions)- is? too thickly coated with the whitewash - of innocence, and should shift his stainless souj on to some Sunday-school sheet • .» • * » ... -. ?We are delighted to leiErn^-thatfthe ParsOns; .League for the ExtintSiwfe of •Earthly Joys, having had its attention drawn to fhe gambling in marbles and cops and cigarette - cards by certain depraved/small boys of the city, contemplates waiting on Kopper Keenan, , Attorney-General , with, a view tp. requesting him to introduce an enactment njext ses--" sion, making, the selling of marbles land tops a serious criminal^ offence. "If 'it-, passes Into law," the measdre will he known as the Boys' Marble Statute. . . '* * The "Fremantle Mail" threatens to change the venue of its operations, as it were, ahd to plunk its; plant and staff -somewhere hear- the centre of the city, within easy tickling distance of Loveskin's organ of suppress and, vituperation; The "§|ipoze" is "en^neeiild ^r a ringJrot. twril&ers; who4uajie?|it Haofo^Cy every time an^opportunity presents itself;. As the "Mail" will be run in the Interests of the People, $ts opposed to those of the predatory Gold Bugs of the State, the ; "Snooze" will probably be savagely smitten m its solar plexus, and be thereby compelled to trim-its sails to catch the Democratic breeze- fair on it starboard quarter,- else lose a large percentage of the s People's Pence thati presentlyir finds / its way. into t^e #offer&.oi theyegraiM^ Sergeant Thomas, the boss bobby who conducts the police court cases at Roestreet, is an aggressive official who re-.- fuses to be Squelched by solicitors.: He is pretty successful • as a prosecutor, though he often get® over the odds by putting leading questions. Defending counsel have to object to his methods every five minutes," but Thomas generally comes out on top, and ,Police. Magistrate Roe allows him to bowl, alon^, -unlessShe gets' over the-odds altogether? Roe is a humorous cuss, and appears to enjoy himself as much on the bench as he does in his boat'. - He reaf-s up like a young buck when a "lady steps into the witness-box, and, from the Press table, his eye appears to be pretty wicked. "A peculiar thing about him is that- while he sends down a male drunk for ,24 hours.he doubles the dose in the case of a clyner. '- • * Chic .and petite Miss Abel, of Leederville, is undoubtedly the Annette -Kellerman of the West .. She practically lives in the water, in which she 1 is ais much at home as oh terra firms. Also, she^-has figured as the heroine .In more ;thiu§ One life-saving episode- .She trains it?dal!y, from Leederville to Cottesloe, for her matutinal dip in the -briny, reaching the seaside resort at £.25'ajn. She is as^fearless as a'.Stoic, for .directly she enters the surf she heads for Rottnest Island, and proceeds seaward for about half a mile, returns to the golden strand, and again makes the journey; in compaiiy with a masculine pal. Miss Abel's dailr natatorial exhibitions in the Indian Ocean - - haye so far disproved the. pop^^ belief that sharks of the ~mahreating"variety infest -the pellucid -waters laving the Cottesloe strand. * • *• •» The sale of the-late Dr.: McWiHiaijis' King's Park-road residence'reminds* tis of the deal thatj didn't come off in connection with his Beaufort-street Bridge property. IH was in the market.for £12,000, and it would probably have gone at two thousands less. While negotiations were going" on, one of the agentfe discovered that- the Walter James - Jimmy Gardiner Government were anxious to snap it up for £25,000, and he put the littfle ^show - away. At that "time James; and Jiiftjny were failing over "the Treasury doo&mat; in their frenzied: financial eagerness to pay big prices for little things-. It was just about then that they worked the scandalpus Secret Purchase scheme, whereby several Rocky Bay landholders (notably Briggs, C&airmkh; vbf Committees in the Upger House, and a member of the James-J^mmy Ministry) .sloped a hundred per cent, over the market value for their patches of sand and scrub. • • .» *'_ THE LAMENT OF TIRED TIMOTHY. It's a blighter sort o' noosance, and yer bet we feels it sore, • ^ For the beer they used to give us doesn't come our way no more. The sympathy extended to. us chaps wot's ne'er employed. Is lessenin's, like the luxuries we'formerly v enjoyed. We're a class, yer know, wot's growing with the pend'lum's bloomin' owing. And yer^need to keep the Old Men's-Home • somewhat fit to take us in. ;"- We only want our bed an'-; griib, an' "no blamed choppin' wood, - - _ . An' a change into the country, for that farmin' does us gobd. The stingy crowd wot pays the rates 4heir dooty seems to shirk,' .' • - If some one doesn't change their tune, by gum, we'll have to work ! ' So Where's the blokes what promised us, if we but gave them votes. We'd never need to -earn our toke and -. . never lack top-cofts ? .; k .'-—*.' They've promised ns/hut lawmis&iisVe;'Te found, are bally rot J . s For when they've votes and salaries, why, we can go to pot rd sooner vote for wimmen, or elect my bloomin' self ! . • And when I'm made a'lfiniater : wot oh! ' I'll keep the peUV ; . • 