THE JUNE MAGAZINES. THE UNREST IN INDIA. , - In, an article in the- "Nineteenth Contury and After" on "Tho Unrest, in India," 'Ameer.' All; late a judge of tho High Court of Jtidleaturo In Bengal, after expressing his personal sym-, pathy with the ambitions and aspirations of Ibis, more modcrato of . the .natlonalists.-leocs on to declare that- "India Is not ripe yet1 to assumo charge of her 'own destinies, and for some time- to come the present rule Is a vital necessity -for her." The writer blames the Government of India for the apathy 'wh|ph';lt',stiowed in disr regarding the sedition ln-.Bengaj. .,t,.It was. for gotten that what was mere effervescence In Bengal, translated to provinces Inhabited by more virile races has a different significance." The ex-judge of the High Court in: Bengal-Is, aB might be expected, on the side of constitution alism and chango by evolution rather; than by revolution. "Would ';lt - nob» be better," he writes,, "to wait for this gradual evolution of a Government conformable to the sentiments of a united pcoqle, rather than by violent methods or by ' virulent language caiculatcd 'to inflame tho minds of the Ignorant masses; try ; to -hurry the pace, and retard- the progress? 'The'-last flfty years since the British Crown assumed: the direct sovereignty of India . hdv.e .witnessed changes which nobody living In the sixties could have conceived as possible. . Another,... t>venty- flve years , of peaceful development are; certain to bring still further, advance." The ex-judge tolls his own people that, if tbe British with drew from India to-morrow, '"the races of India would have cither anarchy or, another , foreign domination. "And no one' will hesitate to acknowledge that, whatever its .fault's," British rule is preferable to that , of - tho' Russians, French, Germans, or even the Americans"' ' . Mr. E. B. Havell,- in the 'same review,' dis cusses Indian administration arid; Swadeshi',' — that being the term for Indian "nationalism." He declares that British., administration is killing the art of India, and that the present Indian university .Bystem Is a system -of peda gogics based on narrow utilitarianism. "How ever suitable It may be for the Western social and political system to exclude religion from State education, tho idea is and always will be utterly incomprehensible and. abhorrent to tlie East." Tho writer urges that tho Government should found ft flhrtsHnn unlvAPoltv and irlva State aid to' all other creeds in founding their own. "Swadeshi would then be wholly, on lour side. Wo should hoist sedition with Its own petard, and convert an armed camp into a loyal and contented empire." . Tho Bishop of Madras, writing on mission work in India, denies that the missions have been a failure. In Chota Nagpur,in Bengal, the number of Christianised natives increased from 40,000 in 18S1 to 144,000 in 1001. It Is the- pariahs and natives of the lowsst caste who embrace Christianity, , as infinitely preferable to the caste system -of Hinduism, which treats them like dogs. "No social progress in India Is remotely possible," writes this observer, "until the tyranny of caste is crushed and de stroyed, and If. tho history of the past 50 years is any . guide to tho future, that would bo brought about, not by the gradual enlighten ment of the Brahmins, but by tho uprising of the partahs and aborigines through The influence of Christianity." . ENGLAND AND GERMANY. Dr. Fnicdrlch'von, Dernburg, vice-president; of the' reception committee in Germany, on the occasion of the recent visit of English journal ists, contributes an article to -the "Contempo rary Review," "at the request of his Serene Highness Prince Hatzfeldt, president of the re ception, committee." The -writer protests vigor ously .against- the Idea that -'Germany -desires'-' to ( attack anyone. She.attacked Franco in 1870, iioc from aggressiveness, -but In order to free her- I self from -the designs of Napoleon the Third, who attempted -to be the arbiter of Germany's policy. "How could such a nation as this como to desire," how even could it find the time to!: think of adventurous undertakings which would .Place in jeopardy all that is! already/Won?" Dr. von Dernburg quotes Germany's. history in the last century as a proof of her unaggreSsiveness. He omits, however, to mention Prussia's attack on little Denmark and .the amputation, of tho Schleswig Holstcin provinces, or : the' subse- I qUont vigorous onslaught on Austria, who was. beaten to her knees at Kon Iggralz because sho . wanted her share of the Danish plunder. It is a ' relief, at any rate, to hear from this authority that Germany has no idea of entering "the field of sensational adventures." The writer appeals - to the people of Germany and of Great Britain 1 cot to listen to mischievous journalists, who , would stir up strife between them. "In Eng- land the belief Is spread that she is threatened by Germany. With us they -try to paint up on the wall the terrifying spectre of. an attack on the part' of England. Nothing could bo more unworthy of two great and noble nations than to -allow themselves to be made the sport of such traitorous phantasies." In the same rovlew the writer wiho uses the pen-name "Sigma" discusses tile same subject, ; admitting that -the chronic mistrust existing be tween the two countries produces periodic scares, and urging that ttic best Immediate remedy Is -to keep open every line, of .communi cation between the German and English peopio." He says that "Sir Edward Grey and Prince Bu- l-'ow are two of the least excitable statesmen, - . and we can trust them not to- be driven from their course by sensational writers in tho prc-ss." | THE RIOTS IN FRANCE.. . | A very cheerful view of recent strikes and alarms, in France Is -taken by Mr. Laurence Jerrold In an article in the "Contemporary Re- 1 view," wihich, however, was written prior to ' the extensive riots a.t Narbonne.. The contribu- tor dismisses the industrial troubles and social istlc outbreak's in France as 'mere frothy .vap-.' orlng -that does not -touch the solid - social in- | stincts of the French people at all. These tor- ! r'bln Socialists and revolutionists, ho says, are really bourgeois at heart. Ho ridicules itflio -gen eral confederation of Labor, and points out that Delalo. a bootmaker, who was arrested for vio lent and revolutionary utterances against the rights of property, refused to go with tihc pollco until lie had finished -to.ljls own satisfaction a pair -of boots that ho was making for a bour geois customer. Mr. Jerrold submits the pro position that the mass of. the French people-iro' too incurably thrifty, provident, nnd methodical ever to make revolutionists.- Apparently they ; have changed a good deal since 17S9. Tho writer gives a number of amusing Instances to show that both siacs. that Is to say, -M. Clemeneoau anu ins opponents, inn uenerai uonreaeration or Labor, ''have Indulged in n politic of frenzied imagination, nnd both have oqually lost the sense of language.'' But while the French So cialist press and orators have boon screaming wildly for tho downfall of tho Government nnd tho destruction ef- tlic bourgeois, tho great mass of tho French workers, cuch with a small pile at ilio bank and a keen appreciation of his own social position, continue to show an absolute disregard of tho direful threats of tbe fow. "It is not a terror — except of words," says Mr- jerrold. But since tho article was written rliore have been serious outbreaks, with pillage and bloodshed in the south- oast of France, And -Mr. Jerrold. has apparently conflnod ' his In quiries to Paris. THE COLOR QUESTION. ."? Mr. W. Wyberg continues in tho "Contempo rary Rovlow' to discuss tho color, question In 1 tlic British Empire, taking tho view that those : persons in England who demand equality of i treatment for negroes, Indians, and other col- I orod races in tho Empire plong with the white population, manifest an Insufficient knowledgo of the position, or a singular deficiency In their Ideas of justice. "For while the question from i the Indian or other non-European point ol view is one merely of, larger or. smaller ad- ' vantage,. It involves from the colonial point of , view tho actual existence of the white races, ' and the bare possibility of any natlAnal llfo! whatever." Australia, the wrltor considers, is ' exposed to the dangor of immigration on a ; large scale from India, and also from China I Tho solution of tho color question must afford- frco scopo to tbo legitimate national aspira tions of the colonics. Mr. Wybergh thinks IJiat ho hus found the real way to sottlo. the pro blem; Great Britain has acquired wlth|n tbo lust 20 years "enormous areas In Central Af rica, "which aro sparsely populated, but hoaltby and fortlle, and In every way suited to tbo colo- uisaliou of Asiatics. Even if these areas .are suitable for Europeans lot tho 'countrybe. sot apart for Asiatics as compensation for their oxcluslon from other parts of 'tho Empire If this were done tho Asiatic question would bo sallied with the stroko of the pen, and a great danger to tho Empire removed.' Such Asiatic colonics would. In afceordaneb with the general prlnclplo adopted elsewhere, be governed for the exclusive benefit of their inhabitants, with no .more .regard, for European interests than Asiatic interests would receive in Australia or South Africa, and bo absolute justice would be dono to all." Mr. Wybergh omits to say-how he proposes to convince Asiatics that they , would I lie better , off in Central Africa than in Aus- i tralla. Ho Is very optimistic; ' "i \- . THE IMPERIAL'CONFERENCEi" - ' ' | \- More . grumblings and maledictions from ihe ,- Tory periodical press on the subject of tHO alleg- , - t . ; - , od "egregious bxhibltlon" which !- tho British "muddle-headpd Ministers'' made of .themselves at ths Imperial Conference. No verbal bricks are too heavy to be hurled at Mr. Lloyd' George andf Mr. ABquith. No journalistic butt'or is too oleag inous to. ho spread. over Mr. Doakini whoso '"ability,"' "devotion," and. "magnificent moral courage" (In trying to 'get something for nothing out of-thb British taxpayer) are onthusiastlcally' belauded' In the "National Review." ' Tho editor of that publication says that "the rising price of 'tho quartern loaf during the past month is causing an' ever-Increasing number of English men , and Englishwomen, to ask them selves 'Are wo wise to- leavo our bread supply at the - iheaey. of - foreigners? Is It not advisable to grow our' own food under our own flag?' " And then he proceeds- to call upon "every man- with, a park' or a garden; or even a back- yard,'' to "assemble his neighbors as soon S3 he can and explain to' them clearly and con cisely how. Britlsh statesmen have met the colo nial offer for. cheaper food,, and what this blank refusal .mean's- to the people, of this country."' The man In the back-yard will have a difficult task If he endeavors to-.prove.to his assembled neighbors that the imposition of a duty on for- - elgn-grown wheat will bring down "tho rising price of . the quartern loaf.'.' MARITIME CAPTURE IN WAR. An .article by Captain -Mahan in the "National' Revlew"-on , 'Maritime. Capture, In War" strong ly urges that the safety of England demands the retention by her of the powerful weapon which. tne existing right xo capture tne mercnant snips of a hostile belligerent at sea gives to her. .A 'proposal has just been made at The'Hague-Cori- fereuce by the United States delegate to abolisll. maritime capture In war, and Captain Mohan's arguments, which are based' largely on history, are specially relevant. To abolish the right would, in the opinion, of -this eminent authority,- play luto'the hands of the great military Powers. As long as England can protect the wealth of a military, PoWer from circulating, she can apply a gradual squeeze which Is most efficacious in bringing a campaign to a- close. THE CHINESE ON THE RAND. ; Mr. A'. Griffith Boscawen contributes to tho "National Review" an article vigorously con demning the British Government for granting tho '.Transvaal Constitution — a grievance which Is "vldux jeu" by now — and indignantly upholding tho policy of keeping the Chinese on the Rand. He' talks about the "Chinese' slavery lie," and' hopes that it will work Its own proper ruin on the Radical Party. "There never was a! greater lie. Well fed, well housed, well paid, enjoying absolute liberty oat of working hours, the Chi nese tin the Rand lead a life which skilled work ers in any part of tho world may well envy. A more', contented, happy-looking, set of men I have' never set eyes upon. You may see them any day, these slaves, riding bicycles along tho Main . Reef-road', wearing Panama hats, or driv ing about, in Johannesburg in cabs.- Their chief fear is. that they will bo sent home at onco against their will." Since this article was writ- . ten, General Botha has announced that he in; tends to: repatriate all the Chinese as soon as pos- iblo. Consequently they will not he able any longer to ride about in cabs exciting the admira tion of Mr. A. Grimth Boscawen, and Johannes burg may recover from the deathly palsy which seems to have Invaded It along with the Chinese. 