THURSDAY, JULY '18, 1907. The strongest argument for haste in taking nimeasures for immigration on a large scaleis provided .by the interest ing figures recently published by the Federal Statist. Mr Knibbs has made a calculation upon the assumption that if our population continues to grow at the same rate as during the first five years of Federation, Australia will possess just on eight million inhabitants in 1950. This is not a prophesy, but a mathematical fact based on sound pre mises. To statesmen who watch the progress of the world, and try to find out what part of that progress is sup plied by their own country, this calcu lation provides abundant food for thought. If the foreshadowed increase sufficiently rapid? There is no doubt we must carefully consider whether we can afford to proceed so slowly in peop ling the vast area under our control, even if we do not go further, and put to ourselves the possibility of compul sion by force of extraneous circum stances. Several facts must be borne in mind if we wish to arrive at a just conclusion in the matter. First of all, the present population of the globe is roughly estimated at 1700 millions, out of which Asia is responsible for 900 millions. On the basis of only 1 per cent per annum these figures will be doubled in 60 years. Mr Knibbs tells us that the present increase in Aus tralia is about 2 per cent, so that in taking the lower percentage for the world, plenty of margin has been allowed for the fortuitous effects of plagues, famines, wars and other catas trophes. The problem we have to face, therefore, is that some 1700 millions of I additional people will require to spread themselves 6ver the unoccupied parts of the earth within the next 60 years, otherwise within the lifetime of the children who are with us to-day. Now where are the unoccupied, or rather the least occupied areas to-be found? In Australia there are only 1.38 persons to the square mile, while in Europe there are 100, in Asia 49, in Africa 15, and in America 9. These statistics prove conclusively that of all the large areas of the globe, Australia is that to which the eyes of crowded millions looking for space to move and breathe in must be directed. The demand must come some day that we should open our doors aid let the hordes enter, and that is the eventuality we must be prepared to resist. Today, and probably for some fevi years to come, we have it in our power to say with whom we will share our heritage. But that power may not always be with us, especially if we are not industrious in filling up the empty spaces. At present we can ban Asiatics and colored races, and can to a certain extent exercise our choice as to the Europeans . we care to admit to our shores. A recent return pub lished by the Emigrants' Information Office, London, shows that last year 85,941 emigrants left,the United King dom for the United States, 91,263 for Canada, but only 9,920 for Australasia. The necessity is obvious for our secur ing a far larger share of this great stream of population. Immigrants of our own race and habits are un doubtedly the most desirable we can invite to share our destiny and mingle with us. The people we want must have similar ideals, speak the same language and be influenced by the same traditions as we. America has suffered from the heterogenious hordes she has permitted to become citizens of the great Republic-not a day passes but we read of .erious crime and trouble caused by Italian anarchists, Polish visionaries, or 'dago' desperadoes. From all such may we be saved! It may cost more to bring out our own people, but it will be money well spent. It may be more difficult to induce Eng lishmen already in the employment of free [institutions to break up their homes, than to offer advantages to the oppressed inhabitants of other Euro pean countries; but the task should be by no means impossible. It is satisfac tory to know that the Government of the Commonwealth is bestirring itself in the right direction, and is prepared to second the efforts already made by the different States. Mr Deakin and Sir William Lyne kept their eyes open when in England, and learnt much as to.the methods pursued by Canada and the United States. Their knowledge is now at the disposal of -Parliament, and can be applied to practical purpose. Simultaneous effort should be made locally in anotherdirection. The death rate among Australian infants is a dis grace to us as a nation, and it should be quite possible to bring about its diminution. Each year the Common wealth loses over 5000 Australians under one year of age. With a little care, a little more humanity, and the diffusion of more knowledge, this ap palling loss of innocent and valuaole - life might be materially reduced. We are again compelled to hold over a report of the farewell to Mr J. Gar diner, at Stratford, as well as some other Stratford correspondence; also a report of a tennis match betwden Long ford and Sale. A special train will leave Sale this morning at half-past nine for Bairns dale races, and leave Bairnsdale on re turn at 7.30 p.m.; timed to reach Sale about half-past nine. Our local contemporary will never get over its chagrin at Mr Wise being elected for Gippsland; the defeat of the old member did not concern it so much as the fact that it was their pet aversion which defeated him. Conse quently, they don't care how much they keep the sore open, so long as they can have "a. dig at Wise." The public, however, look on amused, and occa sionally some people, to use a vul garism of the day, pull the pressman's leg. The latest is that a recount of the Gippaland votes would have given a majority against Mr Wise, and that in another election he wouldpbe beaten by, thousands! Allithis sort . of silly talk must be very distasteful to the defeated candidate, who set his supporters a good example by the way in which he accepted the result of the elec tion. The Bairnsdale special train will leave Bairnsdale on return this evening at half-past seven instead of eight, as previously arranged. At the Sale Police Court on Tuesday, before Messrs Johnstone and Mackin tosh, an order was made in favor ofA. Macrow and Sons on default summon, against John Bird, for £2, with 15s costs. Mr Ormerod appeared- for claimant. The friends of the doctor and Mrs Macdonald will regret to learn that their youngest son, Bonnie, died on Tuesday. Bonnie was a general favor ite, and a large number of friends fol lowed hisiremains to the Sale General Cemetery yesterday afternoon. The funeral service ,was conducted by the: Rev. G. M. Conner, M.A. Bill Squires has deciided that he will not fight again. Mr William Jessep, farmer, of Upper Maffra, who recently purchased part of the Mewburn Park estate, dropped dead on Monday from heart failure. The news of his death caused a great I shock to a number of friends in the district. Frank Croker, a well-known Gipps land jockey, was killed when Evening Star fell with him at Flemington on Saturday. Croker had many accidents in his time, and was said to have a silver plate in his heads He was a single man, aged 37 years. The Rev. J. G. Wheen, President of \- the Methodist Conference, is now on e an official visit to Gippsland towns, t including Drouin, Warragul, Morwell, , Sale, Bairnsdale, Traralgon, Walhalla, a Trafalgar, Korumburra, Foster and t Leongatha. He will preach at Sale on 0 Sunday next. - r The trustees of the Sale Public e Cemetery caution all persons visiting s the cemetery against removing plants \- from the graves; as complaints have n been made of visitors to the grounds so e offending. Any person found doing so 11I will be proaecuted. A report of the annual meeting.of the Sale Ladies Benevolent Society will appear in our next., The concert arirnged b' Master Armstrdng for the iensfit. of the Chil dren's Ward at the Hospital was held on Tuesday evening. There was a fair attendance, and with the~'tickets.sold and not presented, the proceds - will amount to about £15. Master Arm strong was loudly applauded when.he came on the stage to sing, and took advantage of a recall to thank.all who had assisted in making the concert a success. 'Mr W. Napper acted sstage manager, Mr S. Napper, hon. sec., and Mr Thornley, treasurer. The follow ing contributed to the evening's amuse ment:-Mrs Jolly, Mrs 'Refshauge, Miss Fergus, Miss Easterby,: Mliss Richardson, Miss M'Leari;, Mr:Sayer's orchestra, and Messrs. Frederick, C. Napper, J. Spencer, S. Hebbard, and the pupils of St. Mary's school. There was a torchlight procession by the Sale Fire Brigade, headed by the Sale Brass Band. Duiring' the even ing Mr Napper explained that Mr' May nard, whose name appeared on the pro gramme, had written declining to sing, as his name had not been printed in large type on the programme as it should have been for a' professional.: Mr Maynard had also inisinuated that some of the performers were receiving; a fee, but that was not correct'. Mary Ellen Fitzgerald, formerly of Bairnsdale, late of Albert-street, East Melbourne, spinster, who died on 23rd June last, left by will dated 16th June,. 1907, estate of the value of £3163 realty i and £51 personalty to 'her sisters. t Testatrix also left £50 to' Father Hur ley, formerly of Bairnsdale. ' A man who had attempted to com mit suicide at Cuninghame, by cutting his throat, was being brought to Sale yesterday on the Omeo, in charge of. Constable Mansfield, who also had I another prisoner in hand, ' hen 'he jumped overboard after the boat f entered the river. He swam ashore, but the boat pulled up and the prisoner was captured again. " ' The hon. treasurer (Mrs A. G. Holt) of the local committee of the Austra- c lian exhibition of Women's work, de- a sires to acknowledge receipt of the fol lowing donations in aid of the prize f fund of the local exhibition, to be held in Sale in September next, and will be glad to receive further subscriptions:- The Mayoress of Sale (Mrs Walden) £1 1s, Mr Geo. H. Wise, M.H.R., £,1s, Mrs J. H. tefshauge 2s '6d, -Mrs J. Bowman 5s, Mrs A. E. Anderson 5s, Mrs A. G. Holt 2s 6d. The Bishop of Gippsland has received a telegram from Thursday Islanid from the Rev A. R. Ebbs announcing the return of the Bishop of Carpentaria and staff from the Roper River (Nor- t thern Territory) after a satisfactory I journey. All the party are well. The promotion of Mr C. A. C. Cress- I well, P.M., as a police magistrate in Melbourne in succession to Mr Panton, ( was confirmed by the state Executive Council at its meeting on Tuesday. Mr W. W. Harris, clerk of courts at Ben- - digo, has been created a policeimagis trate to fill the vacancy caused by Mr Cresswell's promotion. The Maffra Shire advertised that they have established a municipal em ployment agency, and persons desiring employment, or employers requiring i workmen, are invited to enrol their names at the Shire office. 'The other Gippaladnd municipalities shouldido the same, as in time the system should be come a great boon to the public. - Mr W. H. Maynard, organist at St. Paul's Pro-Cathedral, gave a recital at the Mechanics' Hall on Friday'eveninig. There was a large attendance, and a most enjoyableevening was spent. Mr Maynard demonstrated that he is an in-t strumentalist of a high class, and not1 the least pleasing items of: the pro gramme were his own compositions. Mr Maynard was assisted by Miss Florence Henderson (Mrs W. ti. May nard), who has a good voice and was warmly encored. Mrs Irving acted as accompanist. ' ' The second meeting of ladies in terested in the' AN.A. Conversazione will be held in the 'Rialto on Friday afternoon at 3.30. All ladies who have gentlemen friends connected with the Sale Branch are invited to be present. Mrs De Laney, licensee of the Brook viyle Hotel, had the good fortune to draw Solano in Tattersall's sweep on the Grand National Hurdle Race. ' As the horse ran' secnd she will receive a prize of £2000.-"Standard." On account of the death of Mr.H. M. Chinn, an.ager. for Marks. and Adam son, Dentits, 'of Collins-street, Mr Adamson will resume his monthly visits to Sale. The next visit will be made early in August. Accounts await payment at the Re ceipt and Pay Office, Sale, for the fol lowing:-Gippsland Hospital, H. A. Luke, A. Macdonald, A. Reeves, Sale Steamboat Co.. Ltd., Sale Borough gasworks, J. Kivlighon, A. Chubb, Sale Borough, T. Fitzgerald, S. Holland, E. M'Carthy, A. E. Macfarland, T. E. Wayland, R. H. Carter, C. Blyth, F. Chomley, H. Cawsey, H. Harrison, T. B. Little and Co., W. Lyon, J. A. Reid, R. P. Ryan. At Stratford for F. Fer guson, iJ. Mildenhall, A. Doyne, M. M'Carthy. According to Dalgety and Company's London house, and other advices, there is an immense accuc-ulation of butter in the cold stores in London, owing to the utter absence of demand for any thing second rate. Theo. B. Little and Co. will hold a special sheep and cattle sale at the borough yards on Tuesday. Another sensational occurrence is re ported from Odessa, the Russ an port on the BlackiSea, and centre of many revolutionary disturbances. A factory where bombs were being secretly manufactured was blown up by an ex plosion, and considerable loss of life caused. Seven men were killed out right, and thirteen others were more or less seriously injured. The police sub sequently searched the ruins of the building, and discovered forty-seven bombs. Mark Twain's genius for repartee is proverbial, but the following instance will take a lot, of beating. He was once dining out and made a speech brimful of clever jokes and sallies. When he had finished and sat down amidst roars of laughter, a certain lawyer rose from his seat, shoved his hands into his trousers' pockets, and cast a damper over thY company by saying: "Doesn't it seem strange that as professional humorist should'be funny?' "-- Quick -as thought, -Mark Twain replied: "Arid doesn't.'it seem strange 'that a lawyer should have his hands in his owni pockets?" SThe "Colac Reformer". says:-The beautiful buff color -of a' duck at the Poultry Show aroused the suspicions of the judge, and a bicket of hot water was procured in order to wash the bird's wing. No traces of anything artificial wsere fouind, and the prize was, awarded- the bird: ini 'iiestion. Kitl said that. for. ways that are dark and tricks that are vain the heathen Chinee is peculiar, but it is evidelit that some exhibitors of poultry emulate the Celestial in so far as tricks are con cerned. Dyed ducks, it is stated, are not at all a rarity at shows.. Wlsmon -&'-rT:.= -\l -Hasxiiltori, of Ensay' Station, visited Adlelaiile and secured a large number of - the pare bred flock of Angora goats from Mlessrs Kidiman arnd Kemno, he laid the founldations of a flourish ing industry in East Gippsland. The goats have done remarkably well at Ensay, anud their progency is in: constant demand by flockmasters. The latest to avail him self of the -resources of the Essay station is Mr Johbn Harvey, of Hazel Grove, Leongatlh, to whom were consigned last seek'a buck arid a doe, both splendid specimans- of the pure; bred ABh-: gorai.-"Bruthen Times."- - PERFEcr" SEPARATORS : --Statistics from Denmark show that during 1906 about six " Perfects" were locally installed to every one of all other maskes. This Separator therefore is rapidly driving all competitors from the Danish market. and this pronounced verdict of the worldl's lead ing-.liirymien is indisplutahle `evidehe of the mierits bftthe "Perfect" over all other separators. Ins open competition againsst the world the "Perfect" Separators and "Perfect"' Churns were awarded - First Prize at the Queenstown Agricultural Show, - Cape Colony, last January. The " Perfects" range in size from 13 to 45U gallons per hour, and are made for halnd, belt or turbine. The Victorian agents, Holdessson and Nielson, have erec ted turbine plants on a large number of farms. inc:udisg those of J. B. Danvis and Son, Werribee; T. H. Wlson, Eskdale; R. Fountains, Gelliondale; ansd Land Bros, COudgewa, and invite farmers to srite to these dairynieii fe cdsaiiirmoattin of sthe highly sati fleto6ry s''rk beiiig'l done by these plants. Large orders for " Perfects" of all sizes are in hand for the coming season. 