RAMBLING REFLECTIONS. [By Epsilon.J There is hope fur us. There can be no surer sign of progress than vigorous opposition. Last week I mentioned the wide-mouthed horror of the robber insect, the Duke of Rutland, because a Socialist —a real undiluted and uncompromising Socialist—had been elected to that ancient legislative museum, the British House of Commons. This poor little parasite (or his ancestors) has robbed the British people of 62,000 acres of the little patch of the earth s surface known as England. He holds extensive * rights'— which really means wrongs—over the coal or other minerals of two English counties; he lives in splendor and luxury, and draws an enormous income from the British worker. And the poor little ape-logy for a man is declaiming against Socialism as (undiluted robbery' and several other things about which I wrote last week. Now follow two other important items of news. The first is the statement that the recently * created' Viscount St. Aldwyn, who used to be known by the double barrelled name of Hicks-Beach, and after whom our little democratic township of Beachporl was named, has been blowing his penny trumpet in opposition to Socialism. What he is reported to have said is that * the Liberal Government's excessive weakness had given wild schemes of Socialism their present prominence. He agreed with other anfi-Socialist speakers that it was impossible to combat Socialism by methods of mere negation and indi vidualism, or by the gospel of selfishness. Much that was advocated by Socialists was pure robbery.' 4 The success of Socialism,' declared the speaker, 4 would destroy the mainspring of individual enterprise and personal interest.' The next item, published a few days later, stated that ' at a conference of leading Conservatives and Liberals, repre senting 70 anti-Socialist societies, which has been held in the Caxton Hall, Lon don, a central consultative committee has been formed for the purpose of combating the advancing tide of Socialism.' Inci dentally it will be seen that to a con siderable extent at least these two items of news are mutually destructive of each other. The first blames the weakness of the Liberal Government for having given * wild schemes of Socialism' their present prominence ; the second is a combined declaration by Liberals and Conservatives who are jointly agreed that a combination of the two forces is- necessary for the purpose of 'combating the advancing tide of Socialism.' The penny trumpeter declares that the wild schemes of Social ism only owe their present prominence to the adventitious circumstance of a weak Liberal Government. The other message states that it will take all the combined forces of Liberals and Conservatives to stem, not a few 'wild schemes,' but what is admitted to be an 'advancing tide,' which is a very different thing, and a combined committee was formed to take on the little job. I wonder if these anti-Sosh Liberals and Conservatives ever heard of the courtiers of Cauute, the Danish invader of Britain, who tried to persuade him that the advancing tide would obey his orders and retreat at his command. In any case it would be well for them to look the old story np again, because it might save them from making greater asses of them selves than did the obsequious humbugs who offered their foolish counsel to Canute. To the British So cialists, and indirectly to Socialists through out the world, the principal interest in these utterances lies in the fact that it is admitted by the com bined forces of the enemies of progress that Socialism is an 'advancing tide,' and in the other fact that when any real social istic work is attempted we may expect the combined forces of declared Conservatives and Conservatives who hide themselves be hind the cloak of Liberalism to join forces against us. When Labor or Socialism is content to accept abundant Liberal promises, without any serious effort at any specific performance or any radical change, the Laborite or the Socialist is graciously endured in Parlia ment, whether it be in the House of Commons or in our own Legislature. But when any definitely socialistic work is attempted—anything that strikes at the root of unjust privilege or robbery, then all the otherwise conflicting forces promptly unite to defeat our object, and to perpetuate the evils which it is the mission of Labor or Socialism to over throw. This is further shown by the cabled report of a speech by Mr. Asquith, the Conservative Chancellor of the Ex chequer, in the alleged Liberal British Government. According to the cabled message Mr; Asquith emphasised the great loss, counter-balancing all apparent gains, that would accrue from a reconstruction of society on socialistic lines. Liberty, he said, would then be slowly but surely crushed to death. Then, ignoring the decision of some of his own followers to join hands with the Conservatives in checking the * advancing tide,' he de clared that ' the Liberal Party alone were capable of combating extreme Socialism, because they were free and unfettered by entangling alliances with interests, monopolies, classes, and privileges, which together with the network of interdependence covering the frame of society, made progress with social reforms seem sometimes well-nigh desperate.' • * • • • • • That may be -«■- most lucid statement from the point of view of a Conservative Liberal ; but to the real reformer, the true Socialist, it is a heterogeneous jumble of contradictions—a whirlwind of words meaning nothing. Just what he means by stating that the liberal' mine owners, soapmakers, brewers, cotton spinners, and sweaters of England are 'unfettered by entangling alliances with interests, monopolies, classes, and privi leges,' it would be rather difficult for a Socialist to understand, seeing that Mr. Asquith's Liberals are about as deeply entangled in these things as their Con servative allies who have joined them in a consultative committee for the purpose of combating the advancing tide of Social ism. There is only one party in the British Parliament, and only one party in the Australian Parliaments who can claim this freedom from capitalistic entanglements, that is the socialistic Labor Party; and if, as Mr. Asquith seems _ to admit, this freedom from en tanglement is necessary to just and pro gressive legislation, it is to the socialistic Labor Party, and to them alone, that the people of both countries must look for the enactment of just laws. Mr. Asquith was specially anxious to prove that he was not coquetting with Social ism, and then he concluded his vaporons and obfuscated speech by declaring that 'property and liberty would be more secure with every step taken to remove the sense of injustice, to diffuse and equalise the pressure of the common burden, and to keep every particular interest in subordination to the interests of the whole.' Which is just what Socialists have been trying to do for years, and just what Mr. Asquith and his Conservative-Liberal allies are to-day fighting against. It really looks as if Mr. Asquith 'don't know where he are,' and that his principal object, like that of his Australian followers, is to keep- in office, and stop the advancing tide of Socialism by attempting to satisfy So cialists with promises that it was never intended should be more than words. ' « • • • • To get back for a minute to the penny trumpeter Hicks-Beach. He says ' Much that was advocated by Socialists was pure robbery.' This yon will see differs from the statement of the little Duke of Rutland, who declared that the 1 loath some' objects of Socialism were undiluted atheism, theft, and immorality.' The penny trumpeter leaves out the 'loath some,' the 'atheism,' and the 'immorality,' and modifies the ' theft.' He, however, declares that the success of Socialism would ' destroy the mainspring of indivi dual enterprise and personal interest.* I have dealt with this aspect of the question pretty fully in previous articles, and more able writers have crushed the foolish assertion years ago, but the penny trumpeter apparently has never studied the subject except from his own interested standpoint. It has been demonstrated that Socialism is the only means by which the individual enterprise and personal interest of the masses of workers can ba adequately encouraged. Let me try to state the position in as few words as possible. It is an indisputable fact that all wealth, all capital is the result of labor applied to natural resources. It is equally unquestionable that under our present capitalistic system the worker who makes capital does not get more than one-third of the wealth he creates, the other two-thirds going to the employer or the holder of the natural resources from which the wealth is created. It is a fact that the capitalist not only has the power to dictate to the worker when he shall work, but also to fix the amount he shall receive for his labor. It is a fact that under capitalism not more than one in a thousand of the masses of the world's workers can ever hope to be any other than a worker on the same unjust and one-sided terms. He cannot fix the value of his work, and he cannot ensure constant employment, and his only incentive to individual enterprise, and his only personal interest in his work is the hope that he may secure sufficient to keep himself and his family from starvation. Even in this he can only succeed by permission of the privileged capitalist. That is the ' mainspring of individual enterprise and personal interest' which is offered to the worker at present. Under Socialism there would be no capitalist first to fix the rate of remunera tion and then to grab all the rest of the wealth created. The worker would know that he would receive the full net amount of the wealth he had created. The two thirds of his earnings, which now is appropriated by capital, would belong to the man who had created it. The worker would first of all have the privilege of a thorough training in the direction for which his natural talent best fitted him, and he would be free to choose the work for which he was best adapted. We should not make lords or dukes of nincompoops, or rulers of men who had no organising capacity. Neither would an artist or a musician, or an orator or a teacher, or an organiser or an inventor be doomed to a life of drudgery. There would be no drudgery under Socialism. Work would not be laborious slavery as it is at present, because the social conditions would be entirely changed, and we should not have to slave through long hours to maintain idle capitalists or absentee shareholders in extravagance and luxury. That is a point that even workers are apt to overlook. All the wealth that is now so extravagantly wasted by the rich has laboriously to be made by the poor. Under Socialism no worker would be poor, and none would be extravagantly rich. All these matters are capable of clear demonstration, and they have been repeatedly demonstrated by the ablest thinkers and writers of the age, but unfortunately we are so much occupied in calculating the chances of the various horses in the next race meeting that we have not time to read. To get a little light on this subject in a interesting and fascinating form I would recommend every, worker to buy and read Robert Blatchford's latest book, 4 The Sorcery Shop.' This will give some idea as to whether capitalism or Socialism offers the greater inducement to * individual enter prise' and * personal interest,' and Blatch ford is a better authority on Socialism than all the titled nobodies and all the fat and well fed Liberals and anti Socialists of Britain and Australia com bined. I have occupied so much of my space in dealing with the British deluders of the people that I have no room left adequately to review the great anti-Sosh conference of Australian 'ladies' held in Melbourne last week. There are just one or two points to which I must refer in order to show how completely these * ladies' allow the question of capitalistic privilege to override even their natural womanly in stincts, and also how little they know of the real objects of Socialism. One lady, Miss Margaret A. Ogg—expressive name —professing to be in favor of a white Australia, said that ' to keep this a white and British country there must be a steady influx of white immigrants, not all neces sarily British. No time should be lost in initiating and prosecuting a vigorous scheme. In Southern Asia, and particu larly in the Near East, there was a gather ing cloud, and overflow into a sparsely populated country was inevitable. Then India was being awakened to a sense of her power—power to crush her benefactor —by another so-called friend of the white worker.' She moved a resolution in favor of her suggestion which was carried unani mously. She did not say what was to be done with the immigrants when they arrived. That, of course, was of no importance- All we require, according to these ladies, is a constant stream of immigrants. Now Socialists have no objection to increased population. They desire to see all the habitable portions of Australia populated, but they first demand that they, as well as the people already here, should be provided with the opportunity of living rational, healthy, and happy lives. That is the difference between the aims of Socialism and capitalism. We want people, free people, useful people, happy people. They want slaves, who will oversupply the capitalistic labor market, and who will be prepared to fight for the protection of property when the Asiatic hordes want to take possession of this fair land. They have already riugfenced God's earth, and they will not allow us even to buy at a greatly enhanced price the land that could support a popu lation. We want the land first, and after that the people to use the land, and to defend if necessary the country that belongs to them. Another lady from New South Wales said that * the Women's Liberal League had come to the conclusion that a White Australia was exceedingly desirable from a racial point of view, but it would not be to the advantage of Australia from an industrial standpoint. It was for the educated women there that morning to decide which of those two points should take precedence.' And the 'educated women' forgetting that they were women, and remembering only that they were the representatives of sordid soulless capital and cheap labor, decided that it was necessary to import ' colored labor.' God help the country over which such women, are permitted to rule. There was much more said and done at the conference that demands attention, but as it is now the ' dead waste and middle of the night' and my space is full, I must deal with them some other time. 