Ingham Items. (BycMossi) In the police iourt today, before Mr. Morris, and Mr. J. A. Mcnzics, J. P., GeoWc Kingston, li censee of the East C Ingham Hotel, was summoned for keeping his house open for the sale of liquor on Sun- duy, October. 27. He pleaded not guilty. Patrick Riley, a constable sta tioned in Ingham, on oath stated : 1 kuow the defendant, George King ston, licensee of East Ingham Hotel; at 10.40 on Sunday morning, the 27th, I was on duty in plain clothes at the «Enst Ingham Hotel; I saw a man named Ryuti go into the East Ingham Hotel by the dining-room; he met the defendant in the dining- room; they went into the back por tion of the bar; 1 fallowed them; 1 heard defendunt say to Ryan "What will you have?" Ryan replied, 14 A drop of good brandy. The defendant said, "Vou'cl better have beer this time;" saw defendant hand a glass of driuk to Ryan ; he drank about half and then I took the glass from Ryan and found it contained hore- houml and beer. The solicitor objected to this evi dence. The sergeatit said he intended to -show the conduct the whole duy. .Witness: While he was there a man whose name lie believed to be McLen nan entered and asked defendant for a 1/ccr, 1 saw defendant band n glass of beer , for which he paid Is, and got 6d change. When this man had drunk the contents 1 took the remains of the gluss and tasted it ; it was beer. 1 said to this man, "Arc you a lodger or traveller?" lie said, "1 think so; 1 came from Hali fax;" 1 then asked "What is your name?" Before he had time to an swer, the dclcuduht rushed lrom be hind the bur and said "You clear to oul of this, mil don't interfere with my customers ; I wus at that time about 2ft. from the mat;; the defendant rushed in be tween us; again defendant suid "You clear to out of this;" J tried to walk past defendunt to get this man's name, und on each occa sion he rushed between us;. I . then culled from a distance, "Give me your name and address;" I think he said McLenuun,. but from the noise I could not be sure, but the defendant culled out, "Don't- —well tell your name; .-lot him go to — —— — — nml lind out; I- whs' obliged to leave the hotel without getting his name Subsequently 1 made a complaint to Acting-sergeant Connolly; on iny way hack to the ljlnst Ingham Hotel from ' the acting-sergeant's residence, I met the same man on the bridge; he was driving; he gave me his name as Kinlay McLennan, and he was a contractor rcsidiug at. Halifax; at 11.15 the same morning- I saw Mc Lennan a second timu enter the East Ingham Hotel; he was accompanied by u woman, whom I believe to be his wife ;he went to the same por- tiou of the bar 1 went into; the door between the dining-room and the bar was shit t ; I knocked and called out "Open to the police;" the door was opened by defendant who said, "There is no one here but my guests and I am shouting for them; 1 saw him hand McLennan a glass of drink which he drank; I took the glass from defendant and it was beer shandy At that time Acting-ser geant Connolly came and I .handed him the glass; he stnbllcd it. At about 3 p.m. I saw McLonmm and tUe wolnan go into the bar at the East Ingham Hotel. I followed them. The defendant asked them, "What are you having— a beer?" and McLennan said "Yes;" I saw defend ant hand McLennan a glass of drink which he drank; I then took the glass from him and tasted what remained; it wus horchound fbccr. At 4 p.m. I saw McLennan enter the liar the fourth time and the woman was with 'him. Before he entered the door was shut, ntnl ns soon ns he passed through it was immediately shut ; I knocked on the door and it was opened; the defendant and his wife and McLennan and his wife were silting down in the bar. I did not see any drink served on this occa sion. The defendant left the hotel mid stood on the side verandah and shortly after the others came out. Aetinb-scrgeant Connolly corrobo rated the part of the evidence relat ing to his entering and smelling the glass containing Hhe remains of shnndv. For the defence Finlay McLenuan stated lie was n cane contractor re siding at Halifax, and that he tra velled from there on the occasion re ferred to and he only paid for one drink. The solicitor for the defence said that shandy was not liquor. The bench -finally decided to dis miss the case, but the P.M. remark ed "The day will come when wc can convict." Mr. Menzies said he did not think that the police should stand on the veraudnh all dnv Sunday. The P.m.: I think the police should always be .standing there, and not only on Sundays. In nlibost every town the court house is opened for business punctu ally at 10 a.m., hut not so here. The public arc often kept waiting a con siderable time. Last week a man was eased of his money. The thief was caught on Tuesday, the 5th, at Lueinda and taken to 'Halifax and there fcir some reason he remained till Tuesday, the 12th, when he was brought to Ingham, a distance of 12 mjles, The case was to come on nt 2.30 p.m. on Tuesday, but up to 3.30 no magistrate nut in an appearance. It was finally' tlcalt with on the 13th Now, two men were kept waitine under expense all this time. Who ip to blame. When -the court adjourns at 1 p.m., why not open again at 2 instead of 2.30 ns at present. The writer lias known the court to be kept closed waiting the convenience of a solicitor. Would thev delay the rourt to await the arrival .of ,v wit ness or nlnintiff or defendant ? The sooner the persons responsible for this rqnlisc that it is the public they have to consider the better. The "Telegraph" was sncedilv bought up last week. But a cane- cutter, who does ,npt believe in in formers took a copy to show a pub lican to know if itiwas true what that paper said. He spoke French or Danish, I don't know which', and at tempted to tear the paper up.. . The author of it Is not' yet in the' Hospi tal. . . ... Referring to the article by M. J. Rogers in the "Tweed Herald"' re foreign labor, he says the Italians will take contracts cheaper than our own countrymen. This I said before Was absolutely . false Ihave learned since I last wrote that in every in stance they are getting the biggest price, and as to Sunday work that is not true, but he winds up by at tacking the Spaniards. "They are," he says, "a dirty, loathsome, jabber ing lot of cut throat looking wret ches." This is nothing short of a gross libel. What I have seen mv- self convinces me, but I have made inquiries from the organiser of the union, who is in a good position to judge, and his verdict is that the Italians first, Spaniards and Danes next, then the. Norwegians, but the English immigrants arc a lot of ig norant slaves who appear to have no soul and speak of their employer as muster. The writer thinks the C.S.R. will discover the failure , the Chows on the fugnls are, for .when the returns are made up at the close of the sca- thcy will find there is a shortage in the sugar, and the reason is that the sugar spilt is never -gathered up, but simply washed down the sink. But we must have colored labor. . 