TELEO-EiAPHIC j Sydney, Thursday. A shocking tragedy, tlio result ot unnappy ?domostio relations, occurred at St. Peter's last liight, whon Honry Medhurst, 30 years, was snot by Sainuol Loith, who almost im mediately aftonvards put tho rovolvoi^'to liis ?own head and blow his brains out. Loith had ' boon married about throo years, but his wifo ' -states that thoy only lived with ono another ?fnf n.1innt n..mnnt.h. Sho had never had anv ?support from herliusband for somo timo past, .and had been rosiding with lior mother and ?sister, Medhurst being n lodgor at tho placo. Medhurst's pro^oneo in tho house sooms to ?have caused Loith to becomo jealous. Last might whon Mrs. Loith camo lioinb sho saw her husband. Ho knocked at tho door, whioh was opened by his mothor-in-law. Medliurst «ame to tho door and Leith wont 'with him ; :into. the former's bedroom. Leith accused Medhurst of having taken liis placo in tho .house. Medhurst replied : ' Say that again, ? .and I will knock you down. My good namo 1 is everything. You will havo to provo what .yon say.' In tho moantimo Mrs. Leith camo into the room, whereupon her husband asked Medhurst to come outside. Medhurst de clined, .and Leith then drew a revolver from his epat and fired point blank, the bullet strik ing Medhurst in tho right breast. Ho fell baok and died immediately. Mrs. Loitli there upon mado a rush at lior husband and tried to wrest tho weapon from him, but she was un successful, and Leith, shaking himsolf olear of her, placed tho^rovolver to his templo and fi-,.,1 billion. nn tl,o Tho slaughtermen at tho Meat Export Company's works at Wellington (N.Z.) liave ?Struck for increased wages. They demanded ?a share in tho Company's profits. Splendid rains havo fallen in Central Aus tralia, ono placo registering 13J inches. Tho mail train* from Melbourne discovered, alongside the road, a vehicle with tho body of a Woman crushed between tho wheel and tlio body of the vehicle. It is surmised the horse bolted and tho vehicle collided with a stump, the woman being pinned in the manner in dicated. Tho quarantining of all plague-infected buildings is contemplated by the authorities, owing to tho negligence of occupiers. A despatch lias boon received from Lord Elgin referring to tho subjects for tho Imperial Conference which commences on April 15th. Among the colonial proposals are Imperial Council, perferontial trade, defence, immigra tion and naturalisation. At the Loyal Orange Institute banquet Grand Master Wheeler said ' that they wero prepared to lay sectarianism aside provided ?the Roman Catholic Church did tho same. Senator Gray said that tlio last Federal elec tion was won by tho blook vote of tho Catholic Church. A woman named Compton, residing at Fitz roy (Victoria), has severely stabbed her hus band with a pair of scissors, inflicting 20 wounds. His condition is serious. The Gorman ship DeRuvtor arrived ofTPort Phillip Heads last night and transferred to ?the s.s. Alaority tho captain and two men of the shipwrecked Danish schooner Catherine. The latter was wreckcd off the Crozet Islands on December 14tli, all the crew being saved. The captain and the two men left the Islands \ in one of tho sohooner's boats, and after being nine days at sea were picked up by the Do Ruyter. A plumber named G. Smith, who lived at . Woolloomooloo, but who recently did some work in the plague- infected area of tho city, was yesterday found suffering from tlio disease. The sudden death took place at Ipswich (Queensland) yesterday, tho case 'being diag nosed as plague. Buslj fires continuo in tho Charleville dis trict of Queensland, and all efforts to subdue Tine names prove unavailing, au Boiet-uiuus on the west side of tho river are completely burnt out. Tho fire lias now spread to within » mile of Charleville. During the lirst half of last year Broken Hill Proprietary Co. earned^; net profit of £.314,250. In tho Brisbane Supreme Court .Tudgo Mil ler has ruled that the income of tho Chief . Justice is not exempt from taxation. The harbor steamers Kurraba and Nortli . umbria collided in Sydney Covo last night, and a serious accident was very narrowly ? averted. Tho steamers escaped uninjured. Tho steamer Orontes has, established a record from Brisbane to Sydney, covorincr tho distance (SOO miles) in 31 hours. In the Full Court yesterday tho Commis . sioners of Taxation sued Mary Willis, as at torney for W. N. Willis, for £2475 for three years incomo tax, with fines added. After argumeut it was decided that tho ease should stand over pending the result of a special caso whioh is shortly to come beforo the Court, and in which similar points aro involved. Later. ? Four solicitors, including Ernest Abigail and John Kioly, have been citcd to appear be fore the Full Court to show why their names should not be removed from the roll for al leged unprofessional conduct. The hearing is fixed for 28th instant. W. P. Criok was before tho Full Court to day to show cause why liis name should not bo struok from the rolls. Mr. Rcid appeared for respondent, and contended that the Court ? would not be justified in striking Crick's name off merely on a report from the Royal Commissioner, and that it would 'bo obviously unfair to proceed with tho matter in view of tho fact that the Cabinet was now considering the question of placing Crick on his trial again. If tho Full Court removed Crick's name, and subsequently tho Attorney-General initiated criminal pro ceeding against him their Honors action might influence tho jury against Crick, for there was nothing to prevent the Attorney General placing Criok on his trial in respect of ovory one of the amounts whioh Peter Close alleged ho had paid him. The Chief Justice said that no doubt tho country ought to know tho intentions of tho Attornoy-General, and ho suggested that tho Law Institute should asoertain definitely whether there was any in tont to proceed further against Criok. The matter was therefore allowed to stand over for tho present. 