NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY. Anril 0. The new Chief ' Railway. Commissioner (Mr. Johnson) with his colleagues wilt shortly make a tour of inspection ' over" the whole ot the < New Soutli Wales rail ways. ' The steamer -Electro-, in crossing' over" tiro bar at Tarce, went ' ashore on' tlio spit on Sunday. No immediate - danger is expected. Passengers were landed .yes terday in a lifllboat. A mass meeting of the miners at Gobar-' condemned, the action of the -manager, qt the Chcsney . Copper. Mine. Tho meeting appointed n deputation to wait upon-: the. manager of the Great Cobar, Limited. . If the discharged men arc not rci"r' stated, all the employees, in the . district will cease work on Thursday.'' The Victorian Government's' "Gutile to : Intending Immigrants" extravagantly ad-' vcrtises Victoria as the "hub of Aus tralia."- ... " ; Keeping systematic milking -records - is coming into vogue in the Richmond and Tweed districts.- Already.. a-'Iargc- co operative company has distributed 200 recording books. The North , Coast Co operative Company, whose pay cheque last month amounted to £50,900,. draws its supplies from 1,200 (arms, and gives direct employment to 84 workers. The Marine Court found that the Nvm- borda-Rozclle collision, near Port Stephens, in February last, ..was. caused by the default of the cliicf ' officer ' of tho Nymborda. 'J A new company has -acquired an area of land at Newcastle for the establishment-'. of smelting and metallurgical -works. The members of tile New South Wales Ohinose Anti-Opium League consider the Government is apathetic -in the matter of taking measures to prevent opium- smok ing in the State. . Registration under the Federal Arbitra tion Act, has been refused the New' Scut h Wales branch oi the Boot Trado Em ployees' Union. ... The inquiry into the circumstances con nected with Peru's running in tiro .A. JO.' autumn meeting was continued yesterday and adjourned un'-til to-day. At Newcastle Poliioc Court yesterday, the licensee of a hotel at Stockton was fined £5, or inyirisonment for two monies for having sold liquor to an old-ago pen sioner. Speaking at the School of Arts last night' to the Women's Progress Ass'oe;a- tion, Mr, Speucc, M.P., advised women To Income architects. A catalogue of brood mares, stallions, and racehorses was offered at R-indwick vesterday; A number- ot animals of rac ing families wore exhibited, but there waa not much demand for them. Tiro prices obtained . were given reluctantly. An of fer of 2,500 guineas was refused for Col- larit , the owner having fixed - a reserve of 3,500 guineas. The cattle, which were held over . from tiro recent royal show were disposed oi at the Homebush sales yesterday, and sold well for h-igh values. The Bibbcn- lukc Estate bullocks made £18 5s. ; four head averaging. £1'5 9s. Mr. A. IU.- White's champion made £15- 5s. . Three Peels . River- animals brought £Jf> 2s,- t>rl.t each.. . % . i i The West Australian Premier (Hon. ; N. J. Moore) has advised the Hon. J. H. Carruthers (Premier of New South ',','ilcs; that he is not sure that ho will -be ahlo to attend tho Premiers' Conference per sonally, hut if he cannot, the State will . be represented by some other Minister. The Minister for Agriculture has re ceived a calilo message- from the Agcnt- General in Loudon, dated April 5, which I stated tint New South Wales choicest liuttor was selling at 97s. to 98s. per J cwt. ; medium, at 94s. to 96s. ; and un- j salted at 98s. to' 190s. Danish had come < down in price, and was selling at 109s. to 108s. 