BHILAI TOPICS. Tliere is nothing very satisfactory to re port in regard to weather since last date of writing. The wished-for. downpour has yet to be'received. Meanwhile time'is go-j ing on, and farm-work is mostly at a stand still. The ground is eo dry in most places that very great difficulty is experienced in ploughing; in fact, no one is attempting to .touch new land. Those who spent ^time in fallowing during the winter igoritSs, and maintained the soil in good condition throughout the spring arid early summer, are now profiting iy their work, as they are in the happy, position of being able to sow just when they -please. Ad a con siderable area has been fallowed, a sub stantial proportion of the next crop will be sown in good time. . ^The output of butter has been greatly reduced, and, un less soaking rains occur very soon, a period of short supply may be cxpected during the next three months. ? j ; > , v It is not*intended, the Minister for Lands (Mr. Mackey) says.by the immigration policy of the Govemmeptji to interfere' with the opportunity of^eople of .this state to obtain land forpuiposes of de$ie-i. ment. Such an arguin^nr-against immi gration, he says, can .3n)y#bave force-as against farmers witk^pIfcSl wishing tb; Come here to make thwr nopieB, and be&fc; aided tp do BO. Perei&all;^ be would ilk? to fee snch a class of j^ttwre coning pne« The demand for amfctaltural n labouwii' should be,met, and to bfing-out 'iygBrigranfaf, \----Conflict e land;, -= . .i:,40^ iCJ OlU«4gB. ! . : V7^9 *<* ? r . ii : 7 , wafi ; made tbttt iff ^^tevjsiod j^hpuld j at any futureame the -Sl-juj itihould,, of that class would not4fc*jay with our own people obwp - theyjwished in . this -L-a trtiy.b: labour 4hat was Be-aft advantagento tourers ?and mr"-'-' cured foi\4the_ obtain fill the la] development of all beiinaertedthat Orowp wisped to Resume be -able to ttlv u fro: pp^owginrilyp this ifepfow d for: Vi. its. * - osition, Tandjt"Jias n h%<sal»etmwa only in cases where ap tate, and are of nooufea* jto the owner. IHs somBtiliiei |l^ jii^t the. pltaj Kp valuation1! e idea met with ] ^ been de- j uld apply 1 road Is sold . jMatriihOnly into efrtforininfc'B fcul de securing the road again should it be neces-1 eaiy, the condition will be inserted in the; grant that the-Crown, need only pay the owner the original price of the land on re-' gun)lng~it. , "Thirty young men from the Ararat dis trict and neighbourhood, left, on March 16. with Mr. A. Murphy, of Lake Bolac, for , aueensland. where t&eyeie; taking up land acedby the Government in Mr. Murphy's hands for settlement. A conference of district butter factories was held at Euroa on March 19, at which the following subjects were discussed: -Uniform system of grading cream, dairy inspection, grading butter, cost of manufac ture, railway freights, and better methods of organisation. It was decided to hold similar conventions quarterly. I In view of the injuiy to Australian in-! terests which the sale of milk-blended but ter involves, the Agents-General of the various states have taken steps to secure its prohibition.. They have asked the Board of Agriculture to include a provision to this effect in the Butter Bill to be shortly in troduced into the "House of Commons. j Hie wine exhibits at the Sydney -"Royal" I Show have been judged, and the following champion prizes awarded:-White-Light dry bock (any age), Messrs. Home and Co. Red-Light dry claret type (any age)-Oak Jey, Adams, Pppy. Co. Sherrv and Port (any age)-Messrs. Penfold and Co. Ia the rull-boaied sweet wine class W. H. Cham bers (Victoria) waa placed second, | Attention is"directed to the advertisement' relating to the final subdi visional sale of the Studbrook Estate, on April 4, at the Mechanics' Institute, Birregurra. There are 5,000 acres of the property left, subdivided into lots of from 40 acres to 522 acres. The latter area includes the Studbrook home stead, containing 17 rooms, with outbuild ings, &c.;, and a splendid orchard. A cable message has been received by the Minister for ^Agriculture from the Agent-General, stating that the War Office is calling for tenders for the supply of 258 tons of compressed* fodder and 300,000 tins of preserved meats. Full particulars of the conditions of the contracts the time when they will be received, and other matters are being forwarded by letter by the Agent General. I In view of the lavages of the eel worm in the Portarlington district, onion- growers have been looking out for other districts in which onions may be cultivated with suc cess. 1'Oh'tKe evidence of samples of onions grown fey Stf. 'Qeorge Payne at Alexandra, the secretary for Agriculture (Mr. Duffus) says tbat'tnat'jdistnct may offer openings for the cultivation of that product. The onions grown by Mr. Payne are very large and firm, andhavebeen reported upon by Mr. Knight, the departmental expert, as of excellent .quality, ? Under clauselSof .the Water Act it is provided that where-a" man has diverted water perinanenjUy, or. at intervals every vear, for .twenty years previous to Decem ber 15 last Irom.any .waters, he can secure a further right tp continue such diversion for a further period of 15 years. It is, however, necessary # for ..him to make an application Eor the right to the Water Com mission, and "in doing so. to give all the par ticulars. which are required by the clause before April 30. ^Owners, therefore, who wish to asse^ this tight must lake action within less than six weeks, or it will During the week ended March 22 butter amounting to 164J tons, having an approximate value of £16,400, was exported from Melbourne, 130J tons going to the Uni-1 ted Kingdom and 34 tons to Eastern porta. The total quantity inspected by the | officers of the Department of Agriculture during the week was 160 tons, 4,509 boxes being in bulk, 543 boxes in pats, and 683 tinned. Of the butter inspected 4,056 boxes were for the United Kingdom (77g per cent, being salted and 22f per cent, unsalted), 9S4 boxes for South Africa, and 653 boxes for Eastern ports. Attention has been directed to a consider able area of Jand . near ..Foster, South Gippsland, now locked up under grazing area lease,' which, it 'is stated, could be utilised tp greater advantage if thrown, open.~ior selection. The Minis ter for l^ands (Mr. Mackey), however, says mat nothing can be done. The land, about 9,000 acres, is held as third- class by different lessees at a nominal rental of a penny per acre, and will not revert to the Crown till 1920. Before it does revert the lessee might have the right to take a selec tion out of his holding, up to 640 acres, at 10/ an acre, and his wife and children can take other selections' at valuation, so that it is quite possible that before the leases fall in they will be all selected. In the meantime the lessees are not obliged to live on the land, or put it to proper use, and the only way the Crown could obtain it for selectors would be by resumption, in which case the lessees would be entitled to com pensation. Abrade with the East from Victoria is mucli [handicapped by the lack o! direct shipping communication, so both of the Government riffeats have .from time to time advised the lister for. Agrichltyrc. In his latest re-1 Mr. Levien ^ayB that the opportunities Shanghai is inter filing up trade with Shanghai is inter _ with by the inoreased-cost caused by -.- "transhipment which has to take place because there is no direct communication. Merchants' at Shanghai had informed him there would be amarket for the importa tion of butter, bam, bacon, cheese, Hour, wheat, compressed fodder, oats, and horses with a direct line. The boycott of American «oods,.he «ays, is being ex tended, ana is being felt by the American i Suppliers. (Merchanjtsjiyhp sold American lour had informed,, hioi £hat during the Sast three months therehad been a marked ecfease in the1 Quantity of this 'article ordered by 'C^ine^, thaUgn shipments were still con^^W<%97Wi;meet previous ordere. / :' A flax-gbbwihgr«xberanent will be made at the Leonprtha laWurcoloay this year, .Under the du«ctioi^f.^tbe Departmeut ot Agriculturot Ttod forOTi9i»Urpo8e 50 acres of the farm la'M hlliT^n sCt aside by «r rangemen t .with ^te.dxu*teas. The exneri ment will fee confined exclusively to Mew Zealand flax, Bhortbijim 'tMfejt, a plant which the .|^&rtme;^/^tand'MyDUr io introduce to.Yjetorfe fpr'g^^ynfflHjMtion r if found suitiabie/'. Mn J^euh Kiilaht, chief agricul tural exjwrt, went to New Zealaud lest year to make inquiries as to th&productivenees; of this; crop,. flo lea^^that'it grew there in'a naturalMat&.jiha'was an abundant pyoducer of boinp, admirably suited for.the Sanufncture of cordaae *>f various kinds, and e concluded from Jusobservations that there would" be ho doubt about the wit abiiity of tibia .jeixp U Minister, and it-is because of the views So stated that it has been decided to con uct the experiment mentioned. By advertisement in another column separate tenders are invitedby the National Trustees Company, 113 Queen-street, Mel bourne, for the purchase of the mill build ings, machinery, and plant, the property of the Queensland Sugar Company Ltd., at Johnston River, Geraldton, Queensland. At the instance of the Warrnambool Town Council the Minister for Lands has granted a reserve of three acres of land for the purposes of abattoirs, and permissive occupancy to seven acres for paddocks con nected with the abattoirs. He has also granted a reserve of 25 acres as a Bite for the agricultural high school -which is to be erected at Warrnambool. I One of the settlers on the Walmer Estate, taken over by the Govern ment seven years ago, has paid -his final purchase-money of £1,200, entitling him to the- freehold of his block. All the profit has been made out of the land. When the settler took up the land he had just enough money to carry out the conditions I of the Closer Settlement Act. An extensive trade is being opened up with the Hamburg markets in the export of apples from growers in the Geelong and sur rounding districts. A consignment of ! about 2,000 cases has been prepared for shipment by the steamers Oberhausen and Westfalen, through Messrs. Dennys, Las celles, Austin, and Co. The fruit is graded, wrapped,, and packed in specially-made cases. Mr. John Hills, of Powerecourt, Stratford, recently purchased a draft of valuable sheep in New South Wales, and was travelling them home. When near the double bridges on the Omeo road 75 of them were poisoned by picking up poisoned pollard laid as bait for Tab bits. It is 6aid that the pollard was picked up on Crown land. Mr. MiIIb intends pro ceeding against the Lands department for [ compensation. I Under the Milk and Dairy Supervision Act the department is authorised to take, at any time, samples of cream for thte pur pose of testing it for butter fat contents, and some objection haB been taken.to the system adopted of taking large numbers of samples at the same time. In future a different system is to be adopted, and in stead of taking samples at a specified time, one supervisor will be set.apart for the duty of taking them at any time, and will be constantly employed in making tests" of the quality of milk as supplied to factories. Butter shipments for London by the Ophir consist of 3,432 cases, or 853 tons, from Melbourne, 6,329 cases, or 158J tons, from Sydney, and 5,201 cases, or 130 tons, from Brisbane. The Runic left Melbourne on the 22nd inst. with 1,730 cases, or 43£ tons, in addition to 461J tons from Sydney. The Miltiades left Sydney on the 20th inst. with 2,659 cases, or 66$ tons. The Ophir also takes 657 carcases mutton for Gib raltar, and 820 carcases for Port Said, i The Miltiades takes about 90 tons butter j for London and South Africa, and about j 2,000 crates rabbits for South Africa. The Closer Settlement Boaxd lias com Bleted the negotiations with Messrs. ennys, Lascelles,- Austin, and Co. for the purchase of the Wermeth Estate, a pro perty of Messrs. Lee Bros. It is situated near Cressy, about eight miles from Roke wood and eighteen miles from Beeac rail way station, and contains an area of 6;450 acres. The land is described as well suited for wheat-growing with several flats of very good quality fitted for grazing and cultiva tion. A permanent creek runs through the property. The surveyors will be put on tne property as soon as possible, so that the subdivision may be made with little delay. It is expected that the estate will provide about thirty selections. It is hoped that the subdivision o£ por tion of the Maribyrnong Estate into blocks for improveda^l^Mifliwjg will be com pleted at ajy^ai^gi.Siat^Jy^ondi^ions <io not requjj<p«tef»a,*^^e^'/aMer this "act shall jynjiune first lfyndnthi more than £26/5A-NWe mayj&btam; jlaua valued at £200/SM.'"a<h^^wx £150/focf the purpose of lmndg improvements,"- |>crfviding stock, &e.; ,\nd vjlso a 'further syw of £58/10/ in 18 mSnuMSv^.jEn Sll, therefore, he will re | ceive iire^sbtinJ jroperty £408/10/, and all that will T>c~reipfirea or him will be the [ payment of £26/5/ in cash, and that he shall put permanent improvements to the value of £50 on the holding. The New South Wales Government has decided to have a thorough examina tion made .of a, tract" of country at Gol Gol, just opposite . Mildura, which is well, known . as being suitable for intense culture. The commission has- oftiered extensive surveys to be made, with a view of testing the feasibility of the'proposals, and it is probable that a series Of levels ait various contours will be run aggregating some hundreds of miles. The determination is to have a complete test made before the project is finally adopted. The area expected to be de veloped will extend . from 5,000 to 10,000 j acres. The fact that when butter was not salted there were no mottles has promoted an erroneous conclusion. Still, it is true that when butter is not salted there, will never be any streaks in that butter, even if there is an excess of butter-milk present in the butter after being washed: but should salt be added to the butter while it is in that condition there will surely be streaks, and no amount of extra working will take those streaks out. If the butter-milk is all washed out of the butter, and any amount of salt i« added afterwards, and not worked in evenly, there mil not be any 6treaks. This goes to show that salt is not the direct cause of mottles in butter, although it has an indirect effect in producing them. ? Shipments of mutton and lamb from Mel bourne and Geelong by the Drayton Grange arrived in London Y>n February 13 in mis shapen condition, and in a letter to the Pre mier (Mr. Bent} the Agent-General (Mir. Taverner)- encloses a report of thfe QflwSer. who inspected the meat after it was landed. The Drayton Grange carried frota Mel bourne 4,154 carcases of mutton and 607 of lamb, and from Geelong 11,121 carcases of lamb. The report which, Mr. Tavernev for wards states that "the Melbourne consign ments were discharged in a very misshapen condition, and all marks suffered alike. The Imperial lambs,.stowed in the. square of the hatch, were nlso badly shaped where the men had trampled on them aurin4 loa<jing. The top tiers of Geelong latnbs wfere also badly misshapen, and I am bf the opinion that the trouble arose through the .hold! being exposed too much during loading at Melbourne. Surveys are being made toj assess the damage against insurance." The' Agept- General is communicating with the [owners on the subject, and, says he will advise the Premier later. + The London butter marketifl quiet, but steady. Prices the generally- unchanged, namely:-Danish, 110/ to 112/ per cwt,; New Zealand, 99/ to 101/; and Australian, 96/ to 98/. Choicest Australian unsalted fetches 100/. Senor Miguel Bidart," of Monte Video, who bought a lot of valuable sheep at the Fairfield sale, has purchased from the Belle vue flock the famous pure- bred stud merino ram Patron for a thousand guineas. He also purchased three merino ewes at twc hundred guineas each. ( Grape-picking at Chateau Dookie vine yard for the first time has been decided by tenders, and it has been secured by Chinese. About 40 of them have commenced picking. It will be necessary to employ a large num ber of white men fo rthe work of the vint age. The Queensland Lands department has received a call from four visitors, re presenting 100 families in New South Wales and Victoria, who are on the look out for land in Queensland. It is under stood that the group will be put on land which is slightly pricltly-pear-infcsled'in the Dalby district. All the -agricultural short-course classes are proving very successful this season. The Traralgon classes had an average attend ance, the director of Agriculture says, of nearly a hundred, and at Korumburra the classes opened with between 50 and 60 per sons present. At Warragul, too, they at tracted considerable interest from fanners, I and everywhere the lectures are the sub ject of favourable comment. With the approach of Easter, frozen lamb is slightly firmer in London. Australian fair quality is l-16d. higher, at 4 l-16d., and inferior is &d.; higher, at 3£d. In New Zealand lamb, Canterbury medium and heavy weights have risen Jd., and North Island l-loa. The only change in frozen mutton is a fall of id. in North island. Beef is slightly firmer, New Zealand hinds and River Plate fores and hinds showing an advance of l-16d. That there is a market for well-grown Victorian tobacco is shown in a report which Mr. Temple Smith, the tobacco ex pert, has supplied to the Minister for Agri culture. Mr. Temple Smith says he has been informed by Mr. Willans, of the Bri tish-Australasian Co., that he was prepared to purchase up to 400 tons annually ot Vic torian leaf of the quality recently produced, and also that his company intended ap pointing an expert to assist in developing the tobacco industry of Victoria. j Butter shipments for London by the Mooltan comprise 3,379 cases, or 84| tons, from Melbourne, and 6,515 cases, or 163 tons, from Sydney, besides 50 tons transhipped at Sydney "from Brisbane. The Wakool left Melbourne on the 14th inst. with 2,769 cases, or 69£ tons, besides 352J tons from Sydney. The Devon took 2,150 cases, or 53J tons, from Sydney. The Runic left Sj'd ney on the 16th inst. with 18,454 eases, or 461J tons. The Orotava has taken from Adelaide 206 cases, or 5 tons. The Ophir left Brisbane on the 12th inst. with 5,201 cases, or 130 tons. By the Deron 480 crates of cheese, equivalent to about 27 tons, were shjpped from Melbourne for London, this being the first shipment from Victoria for London for several years past. The pro duction of cheese in Australia this season is more than sufficient for Commonwealth consumption, and stocks in Melbourne, Sydney, and Brisbane have been accumulat ing for some time past. Shipments were recently started from Brisbane, and, in addi tion to the 27 tons shipped from Melbourne by the Devon, another 15 tons were shut out of that vessel. The rate of freight for the shipment by the Devon was 9-16d. per lb. A further shipment will probablv be made from Melbourne bv the Star of Scot land, which also takes 70 tons from Bris bane. Owing to the good demand for freight recently Mr. Crowe, the superin tendent of exports, experienced great diffi culty in obtaining freight for the shipment finally arranged by the Devon. The value of salt for the mangel crop has often been demonstrated, and 4t was em phatically shown in. experiments carried out by tue Irish Department of Agriculture on eleven farms in eight counties, as shown in a report just issued. The average re sults were only 3 tons 14cwt. per acre without manure. Fifteen tons of farm manure gave an increase of 12 tons 19c wt. The addition of 4ewt. of superphosphate made the crop 2% tons more; the further addition of 2cwt. of sulphate of ammoni'8 made it 1J tons more still; and where kainit at the rate of 2cwt. per acre was added to the other three artificials and the farmyard manure, another 1\ tons brought the yield up to 23 tons IScwt. But 4cwt. of salt, instead of the kainit, gave an increase of 3 tons 7cwt., the total yield being 24i tons, or 20 tons loewt. more than where no manure was used. The farm manure is valued at 4/ per ton, which is enough, perhaps, considering that a single crop would not exhaust it; and the whole of the manures cost £5/2/, while the in crease due to them, at 10/ per ton, "'was worth £10/8/, showing a profit of £5/6/ per acre. What is most remarkable, bow ever, is that 4cwt. of salt, costing only 4/, when added to the farm manure, superphos phate, and sulphate of ammonia, gave an increase of 3 tons 7cwt. of mangels, worth £1/13/6. Now that the butter export season is almost concluded, there ia little or no work that requires to be done at the Government Freezing Works in the: matter of grading dairy produce, and sotoe bf the men who have been' employed in thi$ way, arc being sent to the country districts for the purpose of imparting to butter factory mana gers anddaiiymea generally information in regard to various subjects relating to the in dustry. During the jgrading period , at the works copious- notes of faults and various characteristics found in the butter that is sampled are , made bj^ these officials, and when i^ey .pay their visit to the sources of production they -are in a position to clearly, stats to tbe factory managers and others in wh&t; respects, if any, alterations of method should be .made. The matter of flavohr in butter, being the direct result of good or 'b&d; treatment of the milk or cream, or of certain herbs to be found in the pastures, will receive special attention during the visits, vtlao in the course of remarks or lec tures that may be offered by the experts ia the various centre®. The way in which fac tories and mtlking-plaees are erected, also the condition in which they may be found, will be noted by the travelling expert, and as .there are 200 bulter factories in Victoria the instructors will have their time fully, oocupied until the beginning of the butter 