The OBsirabifftmmfgpantr ?'?'Sydney Telegraph'-.') Since the -gold magnet drew people hero from all countries and in great numbers' years' a'go, Australia's telatd»ii':'t'o desdr-' able immigrants has been almost as im aginative as that of the penniless child-: ren towards: the delicacies they afleet . to select from tho forbidden sfhonJWMiiijJw. It has, in fact, had to rank among that class of people who are proverbially deni ed the p ?Cvilege af choosing; There ' are. now signs, however, of the probable lift ing, of that disqualification'. Many things — notably the recent demonstrations of the. country's wonderful productivity and swift recuperative power— have brought* the Commonwealth into favorable pro-, minence in those countries which have peo ple to part with, and «f we cannot exactly say yet that we will have this or will nsti have that, it becomes increasingly ?reason- able, to consider where we shall look for the new settlers that are needed. Of course, if they could be got tho British aro incomparably the most desirable of all immigrants. b y s But the great colonisers are the great excep tions, and are still incomparably the best people to have in liic colonies they founded generations ago. For national purposes, toa, they are preferable 4n Aus tralia ; if there is any danger of Empire disintegration, as some politicians ex citedly assert there is, the best cement j to bind it with is' that of nationality. Yet it may profitably be remembered that , there are advantages in racial mixture, \ ot which the- ' colossal exemplar is the ! British' nation itself, which advanced to what it is through ?unprecedented fusion, awd with the aid of that open-door through ? which catne so many of the sturdiest and most industrious and btgh- ] ly-slalled who at different times1 fled to England from Continental persecution. ; To-day' hundreds of - thousands : of lor- .. eigners are ' 'floc'kiiig J into ' 4he United | States, as they have h«en': doing almost ; ever since the Civil \Var, and in most cases valuably reinforcing its citizenship. What becomes of the average immigran1* from Great Britain, Germany, Franco Sweden, Norway,, Italy, and Austria 'is' readily ascertained by a glance at any community which has received such ac cessions,' wrote Senator Perkins, of Cal iiornra, not long ago ; 'one will find them in all walks of life, industrial and profespipnal, and their children among the most ardent of young Americans.' A counsel of immigrant perfection is contained in that statement, for any country that can attract (apart from British) Germans, ?' Frenchmen, Scandina vians, Italians, and Austrians can ac quire ^he material for effective nation building.- When it comes to details we have,- , unfortunately, to exclude France, .whose, peoule are almost entirely home 'lieepers. The United States naturally ; supplies the gauge . where immigration is concerned, and of over a million .peo ple, who entered that country , in 1905 on . ly 10,166 came from France, including Corsica. As for the Germans, Australian experience of them only makes the small ness of their numbers the more regret ? table. Apart from their blood-tie reebm mendaition to Britishers, the industry 'of these people, their intellectual . and physi cal qualifications, and the high standard of civilisation which they represent), wouht mate them welcome anywhere. Gerntahy, indeed, strikingly ' fortifies the ..theory of the survival of the fittest, ' for its peopli, who alone among Europeans withstood the Romans, and who largely colonised and even named embryo Eng land, are. not only in the janguard :-of civilised' and powerful nations' : to-day, but axe also among those even raror'eleoti whose populations ' increase naturally. Next to, if not equal1 with them, are the Scandinavians; especially valuable i to. Australia, because, as has bain said 'by Mr. Hrolf Wisby, a Danish-American journalist, ? they -are founVl; fewest in American . cities, 'a»d. in characteristic evidence in. toe country, ?where the ; s»il claim's , them ' by preference to almost a'ny other race^' A country ' which needs primary producers' can ' have' no more eMnching ; proof of tbe 'desirability ' at Scandinavians than the fact that ' they rank so high among the foreign popula tions of productive American States as 45 per cent, ki Minnesota, 37 per cent, in both North and South Dakota, : 20 per' cent, in Wisconsin, and 25 per cent. ? in~Ufcah.' The Italians— vitally ;interdst tng, in view of their possible suitability to ithe. Northern Territory— are simply in vading America north and south. !-Iuto the United States they have- been pour ? ing,- for the last few years, at the rate .of nearly 200,000 annually, and ait: most lyT found valuable citizens in both' town ami country. Among many testimonies to these people, one of special Australian. :: interest is the statement of a iBoston journal that 'the Italian is a boro irri gato», and now all aJoDg the- New Ha'vjait-. road can be seen garden-like estates which were abandoned by their previous owners.' To South America Italians have gone so numerously7 that the authors of ?Vltaly of To-day' estimate that there are three millions of them in Brazil, Argentina, and Uruguay alone. They are said to constitute nearly- half th'c': com mercial firms of Buenos Ay res. 'Ttaliau peasants and men of business have a monopoly of the corn farms,' these au thors report ; 'they own rural property to the value of £10,000,000, and one in every eight is a proprietor' ; ' they ' con stitute the 'enormous ' majority' in 'the Argentine wheat-growing provinces ; ' the Argentine ''wheat king' is an Italian who possessed halt-a-tranc . jwlien ho landed, and another Italian is ;Mtbe greatest rail way contractor in South ;America.' :, . But all is net good that comes . from the Old ? World. Every year the- Utaited Staitas gets its millio»i-odtf immigrants, of whom, to take 1905 as a typical year, about half came from AustriaHun . gory, Russia, afwl Finland, tho Balkans, Poland, Turkey, and AsBa (apart from China, Japan, and India). With a reser vation in Javour of Austria, a large pro^ portion of these must have been essen tially undesirables, if only because they were people who had. been inured to low standamls of government and individual existence, and were therefore unsuited to the conditions of advanced civilisation j. also, because their natural tlriffc would be away' from agricultural industry and to ward the metropolitan occupations. 'Na-- ?tives of Southern Italy, Syria, and G-rceco come here under the padrone system, some of them receiving only a, hundred .dollars per year for the work they do, their earnings going to their masters',' says Senator Perkins1, at the same time admitting that they aro preferable to Asiatics in the accepted meaning of that word, and that 'the second generation, educated in our public-schools, becomes American in the best sense of the term.' The lesson thus enforced is that there are important degrees of difference be tween national classes of immigrants. The first thing, in classifying them, isito estimate those whose traditions and ex periences are of oppression and intrigue against it ; the next to draw as firm a debarring line as possible against people likely tt- herd' up in towns, or to be come turbulent industrial employees, as so many of the Hungarians have done in America'. What Australia needs Js men subject 'to -'that call to the soil which the Germans and the Scandinavians have so notably shown themselves responsive to, and with, the gifts of thrift, indus try, .and enterprise. According, to that specification, and in view of known facts, any .systematic campaign for immigrants to. this country ought to be conducted among the peoples of Great Britain, Ger many, Scandinavia, and Italy— from whom the native population would re ceive weicome reinforcement, and ' to whom Australia could honestly oEtr the prospect of material advancement. 