Ext PI HE msw». Earl Grey, Governor-General of Canada, speakinc at Port Hope, in Ontario, last week said tliat now the people of tho United Kingdom were bearing the chief burden of the Em- pire, but the tune was comine when Canada, owing to her territorial size^ i population, and moral influence, would ¡ he able to take a paramount share in controlling the greatest Empire ever known. Tlie publication of Queen Victoria's letters by Mr. A. C. Benson show* that in 1861 the late Queen Victoria, at the instance of Lord Palmerston, the then Prime Minister, remonstrated "with the '"Times" for constantly attacking every- thing Prussian, Including the claim ! of the Kiucr of Prussia that he ruled j by Divine right. Mr. John T. Delaue, j the then editor of the "Times," pro- ' mised. in reply, to give the Prussians respite from "the most cruel of all in- flictions-good advice." Sir Wilfrid Laurier, Prime Minister of Canada, speaking at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, last week, said that the proposed "all red" mail service from Gt eat Britain to Australasia, via Canada, ''shall ani niust succeed." Several newspapers blame Sir Robert Bond, the Premier' of Newfoundland, for refusing to assist Lord Elgin, Sec- retary of State for the Colouies, to frame a modus vivendi with the Unit- ed States in connection with the New- foundland fisheries dispute. Tlhs cor- respondence between the Colonial Office and Newfoundland with regard to the matter shows remarkable obstinacy ou the part of Sir Robert Bond. Lord Ashtown demands « full and. fearless investigation into the circum- stances sui rounding the explosion that occurred at Gienahiry Lodge, his shoot- ing seat in county Waterford, Ireland. He stipulates that the investigation be made bv someone of the highest judicial ? training and independent po- sition, such as the lat« Mr. Justice Day, who presided over the Belfast Riots Commission. Tile plan <>r campaign ndspled by the Shipping .Federation Conference to cope with attacks from the continental socialists is being kept secret. The Duke of Argyll, the Earl of Derby, and Viscount Selby announce that space in the Franco-British Ex- hibition, to be held in May nest, will be allotted on November 30. Mr. W. W. Astor, American capital- ist and owner of the "Pall Mall Gazette" and the 'Tall Mall Mag- azine " promises to donate a second sum of £10,000 to the Oxford Univer- sity fund when £100,000 has been sub- scribed. The Trades Union Parliamentary Committee will throw all the respon- sibility upon the railway directors if paral\ his of trade and danger to travel- lers occur as a result of the strike which threatens to take place, owing to the refusal of the railway companies to recognise officially the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants. Mr. G. D. Meudell, financier and stock broker, of Melbourne, has been promised £250,000 capital for a brown coal scheme to supply electricity to Melbourne. The capital will be forth- coming conditionally upon the electri- cal engineer's estimates being approved. Reuters correspondent at Calcutta states that Lord Minto, . Viceroy of India, granted Mr. Keir Hardie, M.P.. an interview last week and discussed with him the education question and the emigration of Indians to the colo- nies. Mr. Richard Bell accuses the railway directors of intimidating the men, by removing inspectors and drivers who are meinbers of the Amalgamated So- ciety of Railway Servants. Last week two London policemen were sentenced to long terms of imprison- ment on a charge of having committed a burglary at Chingford, a village 9J miles lroin London. The majority of the delegates to the International Conference of Shipping Federations favour the formation of au international strike fund to provide for the laying-up of all vessels in any. port affected instead of importing strike- breakers. The Canadian Government steamer Archer has returned to Quebec, after having plauted the British flagon several islands aud headlands in north- ern waters. Mr. Louis Botha, Premier of the Transvaal, declares that Asiatic immi- gration m one of the gravest dangers of tho Transvaal. Last week Sir Wilfrid Laurier, Prime Minister of Canada, sent from Nova Scotia, a mesage by the Marconi sys- tem oí wireless telegraphy, to the Eng- lish Pres» In this nc stated that wire- less telegraphy had established a new bond between Great Britain arid Can- ada, and had achieved another triumph for the Empire and for science. The Marconi experts at Morien, in Nova Scotia, received on the 7th inst, a wireless message, intended for some one in th? Pacic Ocean, announcing the a nival of the American cruiser Philadelphia at Manila, in the Philip- pines Islands. The experts account for the receipt- of the message hy the sup- position that the cone at Manila must have been in perfect tune with that at Morien. Mr. Marconi is transmitting PICKS ! messages between Clifden, in Conne- mara, the westernmost division of Gal- way, and Glace Bay, Nova Scotia, at- an average speed of 30 words per min- ute. The Ottawa correspondent ol the "Daily Telegraph" says it is officially stated there that Earl Grey has had no intimation of any intention on the part of the King and the Queen to visit Canada next year in connection with the Quebec foundation celebrations. It is probable, however, the correspondent adds, that His Majesty will be repre- sented oil that occasion. His Majesty the King has sent the following Marcouigrani, in reply to a wireless telegraphic message from the Governor-General of Canada : Delighted that wireless Trans. Atlantic telegraphy should unite the bonds between Canada and the motherland so closely. The "Economist" declares that if h bend of commercial and political unity 1)0 desired throughout the Empire, the first ste.j to take must be the unifica- tion cf the merchant shipping laws. The Australian Navigation Bill places a bur- den, which may become prohibitive, on British vessels engaged in the Austra- lian coasting trade, or even calling at successive ' Australian ports in th« course of a long inter-Impeiial voyage. Earl Carrington. President of tho Board of Agriculture, speaking at Great Yarmouth, In Norfolk, last week, criticised the proposal of Lord Newton and ether Tories to create life peers from colonial Governors, Noncon- formist di» ines, PriVy Ccnrcillor«, «nd literary, artistic, and scientific mon. It would convert the Upper House into a sort of menagerie of celebrities or a glorified Athenaeum Club. The railway companies are preparing to board and feed "blacklegs" in addi- tion to giving them a wa<re of £1 per week. The Sinn Feincrs have inaugurated a campaign iu London. At a meeting held last week in connection with the movement speeches wera deliverd by Dr. Mark Ryan and Mr. Gavan Duffy. On Monday Chinese rioters near Modderfontein, in the Transvaal, am bushed a body of police while the latter vere uttering a uarricaded compound through a kitchen. The police were obliged to fire on their assailants, with the result that one Chinese was killed and 19 others were wounded Mr. R. Leniieux, the Canadian Post- master-General and Minister for La- bour, is seeking credentials in connec- tion with his forthcoming visit to Tokio to discuss matters concerning the emi- gration of .Japanese to Canada. He will confer iu London with Lord Elgin. Secretary of State for the Colonies, and Sir Edward Grey, Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. The Independent Labour Party is j promoting the candidature of 1,200 j Socialist candidates in the municipal ; elections in England. A British soldier, who obtained the late President Kruger's Great Seal of the South African Republic from a Boer about to bury it. offered the Seal for sale by public auction in London last ; week. The Colonial Office took posses- ' siod of the Seal as Crown property re- sulting from the annexation of the ; Ti fans va al. ; . A painful sensation was created in | every section of the community at Pre- toria last week by the desecration of the grave of the late President Kruger. The bust of the late President was wrenched from its base and thrown down a yard away. Incidentally the tombstone of a grand-child of Mr. Kruger in th- same plot was slightly damaged, and a statuette, representing an angel's head, on the grave was over- turned. Mr Rudyard Kipliog, spca''i';g at Toronto last week, said that the need of the west of Canada was labour. He advised the Dominion Government to "pump in emigrant from the mother laid/' Tlie Danish steamer Alfred Erland sen, from Libau, a Russian 6uapoit on tlie Baltic, was wrecked last week at St. Abbs, a fishing village in Berwick- shire. Twenty hands went down with the vessel. Sic Geo. Sydenham Clarke, the new- ly-appointed Governor of Bombay, reached Bombay last week, and was ac- corded a Welcome. Sir George has been cleated a Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire. The magnitude of tho municipal trad- ing concerns carried on in some of the English cities is shown hy the returns of Bradford. The aggregate income of its trade departments during the last financial year was £879,785, and the ag- gregate expenditure, including piovis iou for renewal and deprecation, £540, 929\. The gross surplus of £338,856 was utilised in paying interest and sinking fund charges amounting to £328,246, leaving a net surplus of £10,G10. Speaking at Ladyuank. in Fireslnre, on Saturday, Mr. H. H. Asquith, Chan- cellor of the F/xecbequer, emphasised the point that a great loss, counter- balancing el' the apparent gains, would arise from the reconstruction of society on Socialistic lines, and liberty would bo slowly but surely starved to death. Viscount St. Aliwyn, speaking at Cheltenham, ju Gloucj-tershire, on Saturday, said th s Government's ex- cessive weakness had given io wild fo~. cialiam its present prominence. He agreed that it would be imposable tj combat socialism by mere negation and individualism or by the gospel of selfish- ness. {Milch of the* policy advocatedby tho socialists wa3, JIG continued, pure robbery. Mr. W. P. Schreiner, formerly Pre- mier of Capo Colony, is re-entering politics. Speaking at Capetown last week, he said that South Africa was now one, and that it only remained to manufacture the machinery of a fed- eral Government to enable thc'South African Federation to be established. Nelson's column was decorated cn Monday with many wreaths in honour of the 102nd anniversary of the battle of Trafalgar. Flags were hoisted on most of the public buildings throughout tlw Ignited Kingdom. The Navy League's annual service was held in St. Martin's Church in Trafalgar-square. A conference of all the railway unions, including the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants and the Engine drivers and Firemen's Association, and representing 140,000 employees, has unanimously decided to demand the ofScal recognition of the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants. Mr. Rudyard Kipling, speaking at Toronto last week, advocated closer fel- lowship bctw¿e i Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa for mutual preference in trade. The last three, ho said, offered the promise of markets worthy of Canada's serious at- tention. Mr. T. A. Edison predicts that Mr. Marconi wilL within the next ten years, bc able to send 1,000 words per minute across the Atlantic. The warehouse of Robert Barbour and Bros.. Manchester, was destroyed by file on Sundav. The damage lias been estimated at £120,000. Weiss, the, Australian billia)d player, in a match at Liverpool, defeated Rob- erts on an OKI] table, scciiiig 7,000 to his opponent s G,ISO. Speaking nt Arbroath, in Foi farshire, on Monday, Mr. John Morley, Secre- tary of State for India, denounced as the grossest and most dangerous fallacy in all polities the idea underlying Mr. Keir Hardie's recent remark at Cal j ct Ita that what was good for canada i i the way of self-government must u * good for India Impatient idealists, says Mr. Morley, v oulu not succeed in huirying the Go- vernment in its- programme of reform* foi India. The situation now was dangerous, and it required se-ious and vigilant attention. The root of the ni rest was racial, and not political. Ho reiterated his faith that there was a better mind in all great communities. Ihit Government was appealing to that i Letter mind in India. Mr. Rudyard Kipling, in a speech at the Canadian Club, Ottawa., on Monday, made a powerful plea against the exclu- sion of Asiatics from Canada. Every- where throughout the Doninion he had been struck hy the persistent ciy for n ore help and more people, and lie had foi.nd Hindoos employed at unskilled labour wi. ich the whites had declined to handle. There was not i-nniigli white labour tc supervise the unskilled w ork. - Tho South African Crickert Associa- tion has resolved to invite an Austra- lian cricket team to visit South Africa iu 1909. For the past year Paterson, Laing, and Bruce, Ltd.. made a profit of £60,942. Tbe Company has declared a dividend of 4 per cent., added £10,000 *"to the reserve fund and £2.500 to the pension fund, and carried, forvrarl £18,639. Horace Rayner, whose sentence of death for the'murder of Wm. Whiteley, the "Universal Provider," of West- bourne Grova, was commuted to penal servitude for life, has again brought his name under notice, ii prison this week he made au unsuccessful attempt- - - to commit suicide by opening an artery in one of his arms The first cattle-driving raid in the County of Westmeath, Ireland, has re. suited in the arrest of seven persons. Mr. Fox, secretary of the Engine drivers and Firemen's Association, stated to an interviewer this -week stated to an interviewer yesterday, that, despite the decision of the Man- chester conference of all the railway unions to support the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants in the do- nia nd for official recognition, his Soc- iety could not support the Amalgamat- ed Society's programme. In 6pite of the unsettlement of the American money market. Consols re- main unchanged. Cider from the Wagga Government farm was awarded the bronze medal at the Brewers* Exhibition. Sixty million herring were landed at Yarmouth in one catch. Sir Henry Canipfoell-Bannonnau has told tho suffragettes that if they pester people persistently they will probably win sooner than many expect. 