-AGENT-GENERA.L'S REPORT. IMPORTANT 3LMTTETRS. Tihe report of the Agent-General (llon. Alfred Dobson) for tie year 1900-7. has been presented to Parliament. It deals with. various imatters of importance. An epitome is given of the results of the 3rmperial and merchant shipping con forences. In connection with the latter MIr. Dobson says:-"lt; would appear timt important concessions have been made in many cases to the views of the Australian delegates, and it is rumoured that the Home Goverimnent were willing to go as far as possible in phlai ting the Commonwealth in the matter, as a set off to 'their refusal to have anything to do with preferential trade." : TRAVETA.I'G EXHIBITION. `'"The Agents-General," reports Mr. Dobson. "for some considerable time had iUnder consideration the question of in stituting a combined travelling exhlibi tion, for file purpose of displaying in various parts of tihe United Kingdom the products and manufactures of Anstralia. Wtith my despatch, No. 250. dated the 27th July, 1906, I sent you a joint me mioranduni which had been prepared by the Agents-Generil, dealing fully with the tiatater. It was suggested that eight centres of population in Great Britain should be visited annually, and the total expenditure was estimated to be £3000 per annum, of which Tasmania's propor tion would be £132." RESERVATION OF BILLS. .` "A measure of considerable inmportance to the Australian states, dealing with the 'reservation of bills passed by the State Legislatures, is now occupying the attention of the Imperial Parliament. On .June 25 this bill was read a second time, and was commitited to a Committee of thei whole House. There seems every likelihood of its being passed into law during the session. Acting upon your in structions 1 had communicated with the authorities, urging item very strongly to introduce a bill at the earliest moment, and to extend its provisions to Tasmania. I subsequently received frotm the Co lonial Office an assurance that every ef fort wars being made to introduce the bill into Parliament at an early date. The object of this bill is to consolidate and simplify tile law and procedure with regard to the rdservation of bills passed by the Australian states for the signifi cation of his Majesty's pleasure. The bill will no doubt be most useful and effective." TRADE IN FEAT-IT~ES. "A few months ago I was approached by a Danish firm \vith a view to estab lisihing a trade in .feathers beoteen Tas mania and Denmark. I reported 'to you fully upon the matter on August 10 last, giving you particulars as to prices ob tainable, and as to the proper mode of packing and other matters." QUARANTINE ON SHEEP. "In December I received a comlmunica tion from the National Sheepbreeders' Association of Mowboray House, Norfolk street, London, regarding the question of the length of quarantine imposed on sheep 'in Tasmania. The association handed me a copy of a resolution which had been passed at the annual general meeting of timhe association, suggesting that the length of quarantine, viz., 30 days, is, underh the circumstances, exces sive, and asking that the period might be modified.i They pointed out' that the sheep are rigidly inspected, both before they are shipped and also on arrival, and that the length of tlhe voyage was about six weeks. I have received from you a reply that the stud industry of'Tasmania is too valuable an asset to risk a reduc tion, with the probable introduction of disease. This decision of the Govermnent was aecordingly no'tifed to the associa tion." ADVERITISING TAlMiANIA. I ltave availed myself of every means at hand to keep Tasmania well before the public. The nmuncrous publications (some.of them illustrated) issued by this departmient have been widely distributed. I hlve occasionally caused articles to be inserted iilethe press, and no opportunity has been lost in makling known the ad vantages of our state as a place for resi dence and settlement. I am glad to have received from you a series of views typi cal of Tasmanian scenery and industrial life. ,, These photographs will be most useful for, purposes of reproduction in varidus papers and journ4ls. 1 shall be glad to have fresh supplies from time to time." MRS. ORA:W7ORD'S EMIGRATION SOHEMIE. "Early in January I had several inter views with a Mrs. Emtily Crawford, pre sidenel of, "The Householders' League for thu'e Restoration and Preservation of Ancient National Rights." Mrs. Craw ford and 'those associated with her are ladies possessing considerable means, and of Ihigle social standing. Their object is to place women immigrants upon the land iii Australia in various groups in each state, to follow the occupation of farnling. I pointed out that no free grants of 'land were made in Tasmania; and I also alluded to some of thie diffi eulties which exist in the nway of small communities of women, whether ladies or labouring women, farming land. The leagne has sent out a deputation of ladies to visit all the states and to tho roughly enquire into the prospects for emigrants in Tasmania. The league is interested in the question of women's franchiise, and they are directing their attention to Australia in opposition to Camnada, because women have not yet been accorded votes in the Dominion." REDUOED PASSAGES TO TASM1ANrIA. "On April 12 last I forwarded to you copies of two letters received by me from the Shaw, Savill, and albion Company, Limited, wibh reference to encouraging farm labourers and domestic servants to emigrate to Tasmania. These letters gave particulars of the reduction in the fares which the company and the Government of New Zealand allow people who emi grate to that colony, and which tihe ship ping company now propose should be al lowed thlose who desire to emigrate to Tasmania. I atm now waiting to have your views on the subject, so that I can enter into communication again with the shipping company." THE TLLBER TRIADE. "I have been in frequent connmunica tion withl timber merchants on the Con tinent of Europe, and have furnished Itheu wifh full particulars as to our tim bers. One firmn in Germany especially asked for information regarding inspec tion, aiid stated as follows:-'"We are confident that a large business will be done if the Tasmaniati Government does inspect lthe timber by undoubted experts. It is much better to have a severe in spection than to got insufficient quality." I need hardly say that I reassured them on the question of inspectihon, and told Lhom tlhat if any particular kind of tim ber were specified tile Govermunent in speotors would see tlhat only that kind of timber was sent. I subsequently heard thatt shipmentels lave been sent freome, Tasmania to Ccrman ports. It is satis factory to note the increase in tile growth and volumte of our timber trade witlh all parts of thle world. laving re fgard to the short:age of hardwood timber inl Europe anld ele'lwhere, thelre would lappear to be a great future for our tim ber trade. I would again urge, however, that in the intercstts of the business, great care slhoutld be exercised in the shipment of sound and good timber, and that the orders sent for particular kinds and sizes should b. faithfully, complied with. , 