BRITAIN AT HOME AND ABROAD. :; ?????? LONDON. October 23. Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, the Prime Minister, made an impressive speech at Dunfermline, near Edinburgh, last night. He was optimistic as to the results which ? would follow the generous experiment of giving free institutions to the Transvaal and , the Orange River Colony. Looking abroad, Sir Henry Campbell- 1 Eaunernian said Great Britain's whole ener gies at the Hague had been on the side of peace, amity, and arbitration. He justified uer policy mrougnout tne ^onierencc, dis claiming any idea of hostility or aggression i on the part of the' British delegation to wards any of her neighbors. The forma tion of the understanding embodied in the! agreement with Russia, he declared, had been- part of the Liberals' avowed policy for the last fifteen years, and could only conduce to peace and good feeling, while saving cost all round. 'In a forceful reference to the social re forms- 'clamoring for solution, the Prime Minister remarked that the evils of drun kenness, depopulation, bad housing, infant mortality, and ignorance all demanded sterner methods of treatment than the Unionists were willing to employ. These bad formed the object of Bills which had been prevented from becoming Acts, among them being the Education Bill, the Land iValues (Scotland) Bill, and the Scottish Small ? 'Landholders Bill. ; i ? '. LONDON,' October 18. . The Chinese Government' have issued re vised 'regulation's dealing with the employ-'1 ment oi'fpreign capital for the development of mines. 'The nature of the ''regulations preSludeB the prospect- that 'any 'capital will be forthcoming. ' . '??'?]. : r; TThc Dominion Government Bteamer Arc tic :ii!« returned1 to Quebec after /'planting; ijie 'British .flag oh severaHslatidB and head- j lands in the northern waters. Oh a similar voyage last year Captain Bernier took pos session of eight islands for tlie ''Dominion,' discovered 65 miles of ' new' channel, and named several places and islands! , }?'?' .The HwHbiirg Bourse is ex^ed 'i0aji .to' tho!fo$irt $ llailer, Soebie/ &[-%-*$ ,wMl: fcdo^^filc^f'^bankers; , TJae^a^iU^ea'ate eo.&tmted;'at various amounte'/rangiijg f rdln i$mpWw£ 1,^50,000.. :;'.JJ';^: ';' ?its'rv[ 'Dj^l Jcluijli^'^'.'iiilpae^rif' of ^ujiyltif ''jin Bayaria,' i^i^pnf essed having murderM, six infjjp1ts''py '^ticking ;a .hafrjjiiji; -ig$- ' '$$ ekuils'b'ecause itheii- crying' troubled ''$&' echnellji^ years old. . ?'. - :!-'^ -ilfe^fnej^ejcton^ ? a$fc pn,..J;rj^uat which 18 headed by M. HeryV and strojiflJy -? . ' ? ' ? '.?' v ' ? .? '? J.°- '? ?»''t*'J |u^ofMAyU:.i^ daily. ?'?''?.': '?'.',.?:-,? .... . ':?.'[??? '.?? The Crown Prince of Korea iB going to Japan for the purpose; of continuing ; his studies.. Hjs departure is resented by, the Koreans, who regard it as evifienceVof . .the completeness, of the ascendency gained by Japan over the country. ,. The Danish steamer .Alfreder Landsen, -bound from Libau, on the Baltic, to Eng lish ports, has been lost with 20 of the crew off St. Abb tf Head, in Berwickshire, Scot land. ~* ,*;j Sit George Sydenhahi Clarke, the new Go vernor of Bombay, has arrived at Bombay and. has been cordially welcomed' by the people. His Excellency has been made ft Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire. ' October 19. It is announced that Lord Loreburn, the Lord Chancellor, who is a life peer and who sat in the House of Commons for many years as Sir Robert Reid, is about to marry Mjss Violet Hicks-Beach, eldest daughter of Mi\ W. Hicks-Beach, of Gloucester, niece of Viscount St. Aldwyn, formerly known as Sir Michael Hicks-Beach. Lord Loreburn is a widower, his wife, a daugh ter of Captain Fleming, having died in 1904. 'October 20. The King has created an Edward Medal, to be conferred upon persons who have ex hibited braverv in mines and quarries. King Leopold of Belgium has de clined to accept the decision of the Par liamentary Committee on the annexation question that all Congo loan proposals must be tabled in the Belgian Chamber of Representatives, so as to secure to Parlia ment direct control over larger loans and power to veto minor ones. The decision was prompted last week by the emphatic declaration of M. Becrnaert, an ex-Premier, that it would be impossible for the Congo to raise the forty millions sterling required for its development unless the loans were guaranteed by Belgium., During the last three months there have been 8,299 cases of cholera in Russia,. of which 3,995 resulted in death. Miss Lalla Miranda, the Melbourne so prano, met with striking success on Satur day as Gilda in 'Rigoletto,' at the Covent Garden Opera House. A painful sensation has been created among all sections of opinion in Pretoria by the desecration of the grave of the late President Kruger by some person or per sons from sordid motives. A bust of the de ceased at the head of the grave was torn from He base, and lay a yard distant. Inci dentally the tombstone of a grandchild in the same plot was slightly damaged, and a statuette of an angel at the head of the grave overturned. A British soldier, who obtained the late President Kruger's great seal of the South African Republic from a Boer who was about to bury it in the course of the South African war, offered the historic trophy for sale by auction in London to day, but the Colonial Office intervened and ha6 taken possession of the eeal on the ground that, as the result of the annexa tion of the Transvaal, it is Crown property. October 21. . King Alfonso had a novel adventure yes terday while motoring through the flooded districts of Spain; Through the collapse of a bridge his Majesty was precipitated into a river, but he gained the bank with out sustaining injury. , Mr. Rudyard Kipling, the well-known author, in a 'speech acknowledging a wel come at Toronto on Saturday, advocated* closcr fellowship between Canada, Austra lia, New Zealand, and South Africa for mutual preference in trade. The Common wealth, New Zealand, and South Africa, he declared, offered the promise of markets which were worthy of serious attention. Mr. Abe Bailey, a Rand magnate, who occupies the Krugeredorp scat in the Trans- '. vaal Legislative Assembly, arrived in Lon don on Saturday, and in an interview gave a favorable account of the present con ditions in the Transvaal. Agriculture and mining, he said, were flourishing as never before in the history of the country. Tlie foreign labor difficulty was virtually set tled, and sufficient native labor would be forthcoming gradually to supersede the Chinese who were being repatriated. The introduction on his farm, said Mr. Bailey, of well-bred sheep from Australia and English cattle and horses, had been a great success. He was now elaborating a scheme for. the scientific training of young South Africans in Europe which would enable them to study each country's most flourishing agricultural speciality. Mr. Rodolphe Leinieux, Minister of Labor in. Canada, is seeking credentials in connection with his impending visit to -i Japan, where he hopes to overcome the dif ficulty arising from the influx of immi grants. Before: proceeding to Tokio Mr. ; Leinieux wiil confer with Lord Elgin, Colo nial Secretary,, and Sir Edward Grey, 'the Foreign Secretary. . Mr. Thomas Alva Edison, the. well-known inventor, announces naving perfected a I compound electric storage battery of almost unlimited .capacity, which will have. the. ef-. feet not only of cheapening, but also of re volutionising transport. , Horses are de stined to disappear, froni the streets', except for pleasure, says Mr. Edison. He adds that everyone who owns a lidrbe wiH'eoon be able to afford an automobile- ; ' *-. A sailing vessel capsized; it Uieabbrg, a port of Finland; in ' tlie1 Guif of ;Boibhia,' on'; Saturday;, with the('r^lt':that;?lworki'j women in 'a plea'sute' ?p&t; fy1 were ilrowned.i ; .The one hundred' anil second anniversary! of the defeat' .^of:' the -ifFrenchUa'n'd'SSp'anish fleets, under Admiral; Vjlleneuve, by Lord Nelson, off Gape Tr^fflJga,r):; was celebrated in London to-day, ,. The^jeJgon'iCqlu^in-. Trafalgar-square Jwai8;i;idecorJated -with f ieinVj blems,, and many ?^^h§,.,^e^lio';4.ai^'| a% the.fopt of .jthemo^me^t,.-,,. ,^n jpp'st.o'k tj^pubjlc , 'buildings M^k-jj^d \'$$sZ& dpfld flajga ; were ho^iste^7ji'1T^e;)ami:u-l ,3^. vice in connection with the i^avyTCieague': *Wab 'held in. St;'jlar tin's, .Trafalgar-sguare.^ j. Theiraxehouse *-f Messrs. Robert IJarbour Brothers, of Manchester; has been burned down. The -damage to buildings and. stock » computed at £120,000. j Much surprise is expressed in political j.eircles in New. York at the fusion of the [Republican Party and -the. Independence j League -formed by Mr. W. R. Hearst, the | wealthy newspaper proprietor and a pos j sible Democratic candidate for .the Presi dency next year. Mv. T. A. Edison, the famous inventor, predicts, that within 10 years Signor Marconi, the .inventor of wireless tele graphy, will be able to seud messages across the Atlantic at the rate . of a thousand words a miuute. ? t-. ???. ? October 22. Following on the confiscation of the famous Ambazac reiiquary which had been : sold by Antoine Thomas, the ClermontFer rau'd, gem merchant, to a London dealer, the police o£ Limoges have tc ceived a mysterious package from London, in which a statue of the Virgin Mary, dat ing from the fourteenth century, is restored to the authorities. The statue, which is inlaid with precious stones, is worth £2,000, It is supposed to have been stolen by Antoine Thomas from a church at Sauvetat. The rain has wrought great havoc with the grain crops in Scotland. The- losses caused to the Scottish agriculturists in this way during the eeason are estimated at nearly £2,500,000. ' During a riot among the Chinese laborers at the New Modderfontein mine, on the Witwatersrand, yesterday, the police, while entering a barricaded compound through the kitchens, were ambushed by the rioters. So perilous was their position that they were obliged to fire, with the result that one of the Chinese was killed and 19 were wounded. The Berlin 'Tageblatt' announces that a Bill will be introduced early in the next session of the Reichstag to establish a brandy monopoly, which is calculated to yield the State 70,000,000 marks. In a review of Major-General Sir John Maurice's history of the South African war, the 'Wachenblatfc,7' a leading German mili tary organ, handsomely admits that .the at tempts which had previously been made to belittle British leadership and the courage of British troops were without foundation. The journal warmly praises the leadership, dash, pluck, and perseverance of the Ini-. perial and colonial troops. The French gem merchant, Antoine Thomas, who has been arrested in connec tion with exteasive robberies of valuables from churches, has made a ? confession to the magistrate who is examining him cir cumstantially implicating several leading antiquarians as instigators of the thefts he has perpetrated and as receivers of the stolen treasures. . Horace Rayner, who is serving a sentence of imprisonment for life for having mur dered his alleged father, William Whiteley, who was a wealthy London shopkeeper, has vainly attempted to commit suicide in gaol by opening an artery in one of his arms. Rayner was sentenced to death, but the penalty was commuted to imprisonment for life. Evidence of mental instability was given in court. By nieans of dogs, two men have been discovered digging in a tunnel near th» Pavedovsk railway, in the vicinity of the Czar's palace at Tearkoe Selo. It is sus pected that the men were making arrange ments to blow up a train in which the Czar was to travel and they have been placed under arrest. October 23. General Drude's force at Casablanca have bad a sharp fight with . five thousand of Mula Hand's mounted troops. The losses of the latter numbered 50, The encounter followed an attempt by the tribesmen to ambush a French reconnaisance. Some o£ the tribes afterwards submitted tp General Drude, and will deliver up their arms to morrow. ?' Prince Roland Bonaparte, father of Prin cess Marie Bonaparte, who was recently be trothed to Prince George of Greece, has ordered his daughter's trousseau from a Paris house. It will cost £60,000. Cider manufactured at the Wagga Wagga Government Agricultural Farm, New South Wales, has been awarded a bronze medal at the Brewers' inhibition, London. The Earl of Shaftesbury, formerly private secretary to Lord Brassey when that noble man was Governor of Victoria, while motor ing near Belfast yesterday ran over a lit tle girl and killed her. Although the prices of seats at. the Ber; iin Opera House during the series of four - performances for which Caruso, the great tenor, has been engaged at £500 a night have been raised 300 per cent.; as compared with ordinary rates, applications for 40,000 seats had to be refused. Yesterday 60,000,000 herrings were landed' at Yarmouth as the result of bn-i catch by the fishing fleet; .' .: .: . ; Sir Henry Campbell-^annepnianii, Prune ! Minister of Great Britain, in tbe\course of a speech at. Dunfe'rmKne j-esterday,: ad vised thp leaders of , the women's' ; suffrage | inoveinent that if they pestered peopled persistently for the concession of the fran chise they would probably : win eooner than many expected. The enquiry cdncerhing the cause of the .?terrible accident which happened to the Crewe torBristol ;. express,:r-:which ran off 'the: l}ne at a sharp «urve near Shrewsbury W October ;16, has elicited 'the fact that the 'drivfei'' of ; the train ?? &a;'d 'tyfice .'jirevibusly been'BUspended for 'breaches of -the 'fegiiia-j toons. ' On each -occasion' 'the 'flUBp0hsion'J was ?the;'te's^t'\6f''wer^hip6ting''a''1gtatidii] and disregarding the signals. '--'}'-'? -^ '.'v' ? .;i; '.:'-'??--?.'?- '.-?,' ;'.%-;& ? $-31 ? ''-:;:' .??- 'K*1! ;a ;$oodst tram and *;. paB|ci)ger ,trara..-jairie ; in|ft:icQlhsioh*atjRabiht1ya, J?plap^, ;pn' the;. ?\£jgt;ula jaiiwa^i^ne,-J;^|!^^^^ii.dT.a's ':&a; re$ul^ J8..gpter6pfi^.i; Wiejsg:' i^^j :^W V^A bthoflJasEeBgerg wpre iseriipusiy: in|urcaf 