t Before sowing. HOBART: TUESDAY, JAN. 15, 1907. EPITOME OF NEWS. Salvage operations at wrecked barque' Eden Holme abandoned. Entries close to-day for University examinations on 27th pros. Threatened strike of labourers in Hobart not taken seriously by contractors. Henry Aulich met with serious bicycle accident at St. Mary's Pass yesterday. Verdict of death from syncope returned at coronial inquiry at Waratah yesterday. An interview with Dr. Arthur, M.L.A.. president of the Immigration League of Australia, appears in another column. A meeting in support of the Protestant Defence Association was held last night in the Mechanics'-hall, Melville-street, Hobart. Mr. King O'Malley will proceed against. Mr. James Kirkwood on Thursday at Zeehan for alleged defamation of character. Lady Northcote and Lady Edeline Strickland spoke in connection with Exhibition of Women's work at Launceston yesterday. The Queenstown Fire Brigade Board are asking the Underwriters' Association not to injure properties for more than 75 per cent. of their full value. Small fires are too frequent, they say. Mr. Keir Hardie declares that Socialism is sure to come. A continuation agricultural school is about to be started at Hurlstone, N.S.W. New South Wales caterer fined 100 for selling liquor without a license. Kaiser has ordered military officers to abandon epicurean habits. British ship Fongworn wrecked in North Sea; crew of 24 persons drowned. Many passengers killed in a railway oc- cident at Britons];, in Russia. Exceptionally heavy rains in the Cooma district, N.S.W. Stud sheep lost. Moro general resumption of work in building trade at Melbourne yesterday. Date of meeting of Federal Parliament will probably be fixed to-day. Sir John Forrest and Rt. Hon. G. H. . Reid arrived at Melbourne last, night. English cricketers defeated West Coast of New Zealand by six wickets. Wales defeated England. at Rugby football by 20 points to nil. Obituary : Sir James Francis Garrick and Principal Story. i One hundred miners entombed in a mine in Alabama. Earl of Selborne appointed Governor of Transvaal under new constitution Chief of Police at Daghestan, on. coast of Caspian Sea, has been murdered. Ameer of Afghanistan attended a brilliant review at Agra in India. Reward offered for whereabouts of Mr. Robert Amos, a well-to-do dairy farmer in the Clarence River district, N.S.W. Several earthquake shocks have of late been felt near Warning Mountain, N.S.W. Total takings at cricket matches Victoria against New South Wales and South Australia were 2869. Elderly man named Andrew Butler drowned yesterday while trying to cross a , swollen Creek in New South Wales. The s.s. Rangatira, which broke a shaft in mid-ocean, arrived safely at Sydney ? yesterday. Mr. Ramsay MacDonald considers Australia much more of a real democracy than the United States. Senator Tillman of United States declares that blood will flow like water over race question. The Czar claims credit for instituting numerous reforms before the assembling of the Duma. Archbishop Bourne, is appealing for .£100,000-to effect repairs and extensions to Catholic schools in London. Changes in British Cabinet increase Irish anxiety respecting impending legislation. Russian Government proposes to expend .£7,157,000 in supplying peasants with bread and seed. Tenders for supply of labour for Panama Canal range from 6d to 28. percent, of total cost of the work. All vessels carrying shipments of Danish butter have been fitted with wireless telegraphy. Duke of Abruzzi lectured before Royal Geographical Society on his explorations in Africa. Extreme socialism of Labour Party relative to municipal elections annoys the Progressive Party. Rev. R. J. Campbell, preaching at City Temple, London, declared that the story of the fall was untrue. Messrs. Dalgety and Co.'s wool sale at Melbourne yesterday was well attended, and highest rates or the season were obtained. a 