BUCKEYE DAISIES" HOME AGAIN- . America's latest batch of prize girls, the Buckeye Daisies," have (says the New York correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph") now returned to their homes in Ohio. Without exception, they declared that they had seen nothing in Europe to compare with America, and especially Ohio. "I don't understand," said Miss Margaret Waddy, "how an American girl can marry a European, even if he has a tile. Not one of us would marry any of them, I am sure. We realises more than over the manhood of the American man." These sentiments are intended for home consumption, and are printed here in big type. Coming to details, the Buckeye Daisies" generally were not over complimentary. The Germans they described as "too automatic," whatever 'that" means; the Parisians as "more popinjay"; and French politeness a. figment of the imagination." Such beautifully-dressed women as they saw abroad were generally Americans. The English women, though possessing the best figures and complexions in the world, are dowdy and their shoes clumsy. In the course of a cross-examination, the "Daisies" admitted Boeing much that was altogether admirable and charming in the Old World, but the general tenor of their conclusions, like those of other American beauties sent abroad by enterprising newspapers, was Europe's all right for Europeans, but America is God's own. country, and we are God's own people." That patriotic principle is taught throughout school life, beginning in the kindergarten where four-year-olds spend their time waving the Stars and Stripes, and it clings to them perforce throughout life. It's a trifle overdone admittedly, but educationalists argue that it is better to teach youngsters too much patriotism than not enough, and more especially immigrant children who have never known what patriotism means." x ' sAid sîich a chorus of>>eant approval of condemnation, it is interesting to add that the Buckeye Daisies'' rather took the Englishmen. "What about the Englishman?" Miss Alice Mulligan was asked. "He is just great," she replied, enthusiastically isn't a he girls ? A chorus in the affirmative went up, and Miss Mulligan continued: - "We had a real good time in London : the men were considerate, cour- teous." . , * ^ "Yes," said Miss Ida. March, but give me America first, last, and all the time." Another chorus of approval. Writing in his parish magazine, the Rev. W. H. Warrington, vicar of Aireton, Isle of Wight, says "For some time past I have been endeavouring to obtain the service of a priest for the Wootton district, but up to the present have not succeeded, because I cannot offer a living wage, and can we expect a gentleman to live on 396 or -100 a year ? A large majority of people think they have done their duty it they give the usual 3d. or 6d. on Sunday for eli it rich expenses, or 6d. for a very special object. They don't care whether the clergy fare sumptuously every day or live on potatoes and cold pork." A number of Danish young women employed as telegraphists recently struck work demanding higher salaries and It calment equal to the men. Both these demands were readily granted by the Government on condition that their work should lib equal to that of the male operators. who, in cases of emergency, urn called out to work on the line. The women agreed, and several are now on ployed climbing telegraph poles to repair broken wires. 