RURAL TOPICS. Another "fiice rainfall has greatly im proved crop prospects, and as the weather continues cool for the time of year, the ripening period is being prolonged. This will be an advantage in the event of more rain coming, as the heads will fill well, and the sample of grain will probably prove better than was expected. This, of course, applies only to where the eropB had not suf fered too severely from dry weather. Un fortunately, the yield in several districts, including a large section of the Mallee, will not be more than about three bushels per i acre. There are, however, other districts that will return three or four bass per acre. The rains have greatly benefited root crops and grass, and the output of butter factories is largely increasing, though far below what it was at the corresponding period last year. An Order in Council has been passed by the state Executive Council appoint ing Mr, E. G. DufFus, an officer of the first class clerical division, to the position of secretary for Agriculture in the first divi sion of the public service. Mr. Duffus has been acting secretary for several years past. The preliminary notice in reference to the §ale of Buekinbali Station appears in our advertising columns. The property is situated in the Molong district of New South Wales, and comprises 25,800 acres. It will be sold early in January next, as a going concern, with stock, plant, and furni ture. The actual date of sale has not yet been fixed, but particulars can be obtained from Winchcombe, Carson, and Co. Ltd., Sydney. On Monday a representative deputation from Gippshnd waited on the Minister of Agriculture (Mr, Swinburne), and strongly urged ^tfie necessity for the Government granting a site for an experimental farm. It was suggested that a reserve of 2,000 acres, about 11 miles from Sale, and seven miles ?Fpm Stratford, a portion of which is now occupied I by the Ramahyuck Aborigines Mission, should be set apart for the pur pose.,^ Mr. Swinburne promised to favour ably 'fcon«(l«c, the application, and under tqgfe , to ^ before the Minister of '? Spraldngfct the luncheon at the Kilmore (-Agricultural Show last week, Mr. Swin burne, Minister of Agriculture and Water Supply, said that one of the most important questions the Govern ment had to attack was that of the land. "It is a problem that has to be tackled," remarked Mr. Swinburne; "which nations and Parliaments have 'fought for from* time Immemorial. Ova* 2,000 years ago the Empire Parliament of Rome passed a law forbidding any man to own more than 300 acres of land, and that is what is wanted in the state of Victoria." The Government, added Mr. Swinburne, was going to tackle the land question in a strong manner, and were determined to burst up the big estates, in order to allow of a greater population. The Department of Agricul ture was takingetepa to pub the dairying industry on a firmer footing, and was trying to convince the country dairyman to sup port his local factory; instead of sending his cream to Melbourne to the city fac tories. The Government intended building up the horse industry, and had devoted ,£3,000 towards improving the breed of horses, and would willingly assist any agri cultural society which showed a' tendency towards educational matters, not merely the holding of an annual show. , ' Under the Milk and Dairy Supervision Act the sup'erviseFfl haFe power io pro hibit the usejjsf a cow, which is affected with tuberculosis or " any; other affection which would result in it producing un wholcsome i})Uk for.a period of 14 days; fairing the animql )8 to be ex of the milk supervision j^anci, in thc event of it being found suffering from any of the scheduled a poticc of the permanent proliibi pf tb^VCow is ' served on the owper. »ial§ eo^rohibited are branded witfe; a 4 arroW, about 2in. in diameter/ on «ide of the tail, tbe " ' mnot afterwards be.uKsd for the fcjf \<* dairy .iMj$ for department is nofTJsflfiing k >uyero .In ,eow maiwete'in dis pur of the sifr tricta _ chasing . hificaoce ; The appearance ofthe pumpkin beetle in strong force in a large number of district causedconsijerable anxiety ftmotig fcpowere-of "vegeteables of the pump* the raid* made by the in: i-*w^>^d^Btruotive to Jen plots cov^ring large'areas. Mr. 0> Governtftent entymolo* jpasl tgiw1 |a^^e6dved i |o Jtqgether: tie b^tle^Jfifcni a tar®s to dl6&f;<^;"*aiso from ;.:'K(||v;South as well as a preventive of its attack. The pumpkin beetle resembles the ladybird in colour, though the bodjr is.«blong in shape, whereas the useful and friendly insect named is almost perfectly round. It flies with considerable activity of movement, ? and has thus, when in the air, been mis taken by some people for the ordinary field fly. The insects settle in large numbers upon young plants of melons, pumpkins, or vegetable marrows* and they work with 6uch vigour that gardens are eaten bare in a single night. The Nhill Agricultural So ciety has sent specimens to Mr. Joseph Knight, chief agricultural expert, and he has obtained from the entomological branch full particulars as to treatment, which will be forwarded without delay. Mr. French says the insect can easily be deterred by the Paris green, kerosene emulsion, or air slacked lime treatment, and these ingredi ents do not injure the plants. Mr. Stuart Murray's term of office as chairman of the Water Supply Commission has expired, and Mr. Elwood Mead has been formally appointed to the position by an Order in Council. Two shearers (L. Smith, of Serpentine, and J. Gordon, of Avoca), employed at Mr. Albert Bucknall's shed, Rodborough, passed 921 sheep through tlieir hands in three days this week. Smith average was 154 for each of the three days, and Gordon's 153. Further representations on the subject of the acquisition of the Heart Estate, near Sale, have been made to the Closer Settlement Board by a deputation con sisting of the mayor of Sale aud Councillor Killeen, introduced by Mr. Keogh, M.L.A. The board replied that it could not depart from its recommendation already made to the Minister, that the negotiations for the purchase of the estate should not be pro ceeded with. The question was entirely one of price. Reference is made by the secretary of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society in a letter to. the secretary of the Agricul tural department to a visit paid to the dis trict by Mr. Smith, the pig expert. Mr. Smith, it is stated, delivered lectures at Bungarce on November 6, Learmonth on November 7, and Clarendon on November 8, all of which were-well attended, and were marked by the deliverance of sound and practical information to the farmers. If the methods recommended by the expert were applied it is considered that a great improvement in the breeding and market ing of pigs would result. Particulars, of a proposed new irrigation and water supply district have been pre sented to Parliament. The district is to be supplied by the main channel from the Waranga basin to the Loddon River. The area includes Kayapella on the north, to Warialta on the south, and embraces Echuca North, Echuea South, Koyuga, Tongsla, Timmering, Kyabram, Carag Carag, Girgarre, Burramboot East, and part of Burramboot. The estimated cost of the scheme of local works is £205,000, of which £30,000 represents the existing liability of the United Echuea and Waranga Waterworks Trust. In answer to Senator W. Russell (S.A.) in the Senate, Senator Best said that, on May 18, the Colonial Office was asked to communicate with the Arggnjjiffci Government for the purpose of the prohibition against AustrahjwSpneen tcring the Argentine RepuUffiVThe Goij vernment of that country in was prepared to consider thV^qWstion if officially notified that Australia*ffffijppMHyfc j disease. The Commonwealth coin&H;^^gaj® with the different states, and had now re ceived from each a reply of a satisfactory character. The Government \Vould at once communicate with the Argentine Govern ment giviug the assurance asked for. When grass is allowed to produce seed, \ it exhausts the soil more than when a croji of hay is cut before the seeds are permitted to appear. When seed-heads form the plant has fulfilled its mission, and has stored in the seed a larger proportion of the mine-, ral elements than remains in the stalk of the plants in many cases, as the green plants when cut down early consist largely of water. A grain crop and a crop of seed from grass deprive the soil of a portion of all the fertilising substances existing! therein. . Three of the Warrnambool district butter' factory companies paid their monthly cheques to suppliers on November 12. The Grasmere Company paid away £6,3|8, including individual cheques of £1$, ^ £1*0, £137, £125, and nine othefc: t&ngfog; from the latter amount to £100., T?ie comj»ny also paid £97 for a month's supply of eggs, repre senting 2,881 dozen. The disbursements of the Warrnambool Company for milk for the month was £5,814, ifrbich also included a number of cheques for over £100,' the highest being: company also paid dawn eggs. The Farabuo 'made payments amounting:lo £4,860 lor milk, the total of tfae'Cheques paid to suppliers of thfe three companies named fotf the modth of October being ,'; ,The wunculi^fefchig <of.-the Royal Agricultural Sodety. was held on No vember 12, Mfo ^Thomas Skene pre siding. The ,: oommittee recom i mended vthe consideration of a pro posal to jkj^OQOj which would be 1 utilised in pi ' BSarly' jjfe aremining .£<1,000 last year was 251. In connection with the j issuing of an Australian Stock Book, letters J were received from the New South Wales, j Queensland; and. South Australian associa- ] tions stating that the-matter had been re*! ferred to special committees. The sale of the Woodlea Estate, at Yass I -3,070 acres-has been effected, on account' of the executors of the late Alex. M'Bean.' The price was £12,000, the purchaser being j Mr. C. H. Barbour, of Belevale. Messrs. Maiden Brothers, ~ot Sydney, direct attention in the advertising columns to two highly improved pastoral estates, which have been placed with them for pri vate sale. An interesting feature of the Scottish' Horticultural Society's show, which is being! held at Edinburgh, is a display of produce by the South Australian Government. The exhibit has been awarded a gold medal. Danish butter is quoted in the London market at 123/ to 124/ per cwt. Choicest Victorian salted is selling at 116/ to 118/,1 and New South Wales 115/ to 116/. Prices ' are tending in buyers' favour, but Austra lian butter is being cleared fairly well, j Egg production is a more important sub-' ject to study than egg preservation. It [ starts with hatching eggs laid by hens that1 have made good egg-laying records. It J continues with hatching early, and con-; eludes with managing properly at all times. Each year must be an improvement' on the preceding. I Messrs. H. Anning and Co., stock and station agents, Brisbane, report the sale of Wollogorang station, in the Northern Territory of South Australia, together with stock and brand, walk in walk out delivery, on account of Berg Australia Limited, managing agents for the Eastern and African Cold Storage and Supply Co. Limited, of London, to Mr. T. B. Macin tosh, at a satisfactory figure. Two thousand seven hundred starving sheep were brought to Muswellbrook last week by railway from Collarendabri, en route to Rylstone. After being untrucked the sheep grazed a little in the vicinity of the yards, where there was a little grass. They were then taken to Muscle Creek for water. After drinking the sheep began to die, and 1,300 perished in a few hours. The cause of the mortality is supposed to be the taking of food and water while the sheep were in an exhausted state. Old colonists will regret to hear of the death on the 13th inst., at St. Arnaud, of Mr. H. P. Vanrenen, of Avoca Forest Sta tion. Mr. Vanrenen came to Australia in 1852, and was for a time connected with the firm of Cobb and Co., the well-known j coach proprietors. After leaving them he became one of the pioneers of the Indian horse trade, which he only relinquished last year. In 1882 he purchased the Avoea Forest Station, near St. Arnaud, where he resided up till the time of his death. He was buried on the lath inst., at Geelong. He leaves a grown-up family of three sons, i Further mortality among travelling ? sheep is reported. Over 3,000 sheep,! the property of Air. T. Knight, Warembi Station, Wee Waa, camped the Dubbledah reserve, near Gun Friday last. The sheep had hat feed they could on the; iere was none on the reserve., water 150 of them died. It that as there were no thistles : teep must have eaten a weed ses suffocation, if water be taken Over 500 out of 2,000 mixed wethers, j belonging to Alban Brothers, of Boga-, mildi Station,. died while travelling from Walgett to Wall&ngarra.; This mortality I occurred within 14 hours, while the sheep were camped. on a travelling stock : reserve, about five miles from Moree,1 and its cause is attributed to the sheep after passing through bare country having eaten ravenously of bingi thistles and lobelia weed, followed by copious draughts of water. The carcases will be incinerated. Applications are at present being invited by the Closer Settlement Board in respect' to the blocks in the Colbinabbin and Ex ford Estates which were reserved for selec tion by British immigrants. At Colbinabbin 18 farm allotments are available, while at] Exford 11 .blocks are to be thrown open' for local selection. It had been arranged, that the local land board to deal with the1 Colbinabbin applications should sit at Bendigo on December 0, but representations have been made to the Minister for Lands that applicants coming from other parts of the state would be better suited if the board sat in Melbourne, and an alteration in that direction lias accordingly been made. Applications in respect to the Exford blocks close on November 19, and the local land' board meets in Melbourne on November 25. From the latest return dealing with the] inspection of butter at the Governmept cool etores, and the extent of the exports, an! admirable idea is to he galned of the im-j portance of the butter export trade. From' July 1 to November 14, 4,088§ tbnfcbfbutterj of an approximate value of £408,300 tPas exported? jollows-.s-Dnited Kingdom,! 3,472£toy;Sbutb Africa,-313^ toinsj East-! ern ports, 298| tons. During the same' period 177,034 boxes of butter, containing1 10,033,3791b., or 4,479 tons, were inspected at the stores. In -the week ending Novem-j ' bet 14, botes,' containing S70 tons/ wereinepected for-shipment as follows:-] XTiufced""K&jpiom;, 22,633 boxes/ Sojltlt' Africa, 1,877- boxes; Eastern pprts, 131' boxes. The actual expbrts ducing the! . seven days .were Oil tons to -the United Kingdom, 'or an approximate vntue of W*m.. jjlp': ? "s 