NEWS AND NOTES IN A : NUTSHELL THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN. International. Pnaco Conference doings. Duties of neutrals In naval warfare. Proposal by Great Britain under consideration. Special Commissions are now dealing with the several departments of tlm Conference work. Monday. 5th August, being n hank holiday in New South Wales, the Syd ney Stock Exchange will Ihj closed on lliat day. The grain markets opened very quiotlv to-dnv. Wheat' had hut little demand. Oats were quiet. Other feed sniffs were dull. There has been a magnificent rainfall Jo .South Australia. Our correspon dents telegraph that the agricultural prospects tire wow expeptlomilly good. The steeplechaser Cordon fell wldte hoing schooled over fences at Cnultleld this morning, and hroko his neck. Ills rider. Mr Scott, was severely shaken. /Alfred Owen- Darles.' common law /ferk, was to-day sentenced by Mr Jus- lire-Cusson to fourteen days' imprison- meat for contempt of court, in refusing to give evidence lu the Criminal Court last week. We have come to try and letter our selves." This was what Danish and Mrltfslt immigrants who arrived this 'tnnrnlng told our representative, To- day's arrivals mituherlng HA aro going to work lu the Queensland sugar fields. Itv the German mall steamer Yorek. which reached Port Mellmtinie tills morning, there arrived WO Europeuns — Britishers, Scandinavians and Aus- trliins— who are going to work iti the Queensland sugar fields. On the whole, they are a line Jot of men. As a rule, the nurse or mother who feeds an Infant 011 "one cow's milk" takes much on trust. A nurse who gave evidence at the Morgue to-day was uhle to satisfy the Coroner that the milk she used was really from "one cow." The animal, site explained, was kept 'Just at the iwolc ol' her place." Mr Bent's opinions of ids work in London, and of the Loudon climate as experienced by him, are contained In an interview published on another inffo. Inquests were held to-day on the liodics of two men who had died in gaol. ,ln one case death was fonnd to bo due to heart disease, and In the other to acute broneho-pueumoula, " The Foundling Hospital has cared for 1217 Infants and 082 mothers during its existence. During the year ending aoth June last 128 children and 5-1 adults passed through the home. By CJaunt's Instruments nt noon to- day the readings were:— Barometer, 20,000, rising, Thermometer — In the sun, highest 01; In the shade, highest :»5, lowest 41. Rainfall last 24 hours, 0.50 inches. Post-mortem examinations of the bodies of two Infants, one found In a city lone, and the other in the Merri Greek, have disclosed that both bibles were done to death. Inquests will bo opened at the Morgue to- morrow. Gold slocks most In demand In the Melbourne share market to-dny. Hates for IJendigonhins easy, for Glpps- landers linn. South Germans. Barrain- ble Ranges and Iluvilah weak. Bab larat market quiet; Bendlgo steady. The discovery of a inagnlflccnt cornet witli seven tails, one of them seven million miles long, lias been made by the celebrated French astronomer. M. J-'lammarion. The visitor Is said to lie approaching the earth, hut no danger to this planet is threatened. The last issue of the "Empire Trade Review" contains an article by Sir Wil- Ham Dyne 011 "Preference and Iloctml Cotnmerohil legislation In Australia." The Minister reproduces facts ami figures used liy him In speeches delivered In Loudon recently. A higldy interesting coatrlbntlon from our London eorrrsismdcnt, under the heading "At the Heart of the Em pire," appears In another column. D deals with the question of the reform of the House of i/jrds, emigration to Canada, and the wine war in France. "Are you looking forward to your re turn to Melbourne':" Mr Itent was asked liy our corres|N>udcnt in London, Just prior to ids departure for Canada. The answer was in the Vlctoriuu Premier's characteristic style. "Yes." he said; "I've had enough of this. Just look at the sky now." Interesting chats which a "Herald" representative had this morning with Danish aud British immigrants who ar- rives n.v tJio xorcK, auu are on uicir way to the Queensland sugtirficlds. are giveu elsewhere. The conversations show what work the immigrants - were previously doing, what wages they re ceived, and why they'hnvc eoine to Australia. A man named John Wilton, when placed on trial nt the Criminal Court recently, on a charge of assault and robbery, pleaded not guilty, and set tip n'ktrong defence, lie was couvlctcd however, and was scntouced to six months' imprisonment. To-day he was culled as n witness In another case In the court, and he admitted that he com mitted the olTouce of which he hud boon convicted. The Shite Premier now has a keener appreciation of Mr J. W. Ta vomer, Vic toria's Agent-Geucrnl . In London. A few minutes before tie left London for Canada last mouth Mr Bent said to "The Herald" representative: "I don't know what I should have done without. Mr Tavertier. I am very well satisfied with our Agent-General. He Is ns good a representative as we ever had from Victoria. There's uo nonsense about him, and he's a worker. I lie- Hove some of tliein didn't, care very much for work . MrT.tvernor has done wonders since lie has been here." 