, r rn«3 work of the TariiY Commission, on which Freetraders and Protectionists have been engaged for two years, is drawing - to a close. No less than 4S progress reports have been submitted.. The Protectionist suggestions number 500; the Freetraders are preparing- notes, comments, and dissenting reports: (all of which will be ready when Parliament meets in July-. # - * * The Federal Government is at length taking action with, respect to European sago. It lias been known for some considerable time that little, if any, genuine sago could be purchased in Melbourne. The article that passes as sago is made from maize and wheat. It is, of course, not likely that it is injurious to health, but it is not sago. Action will be taken, and an analysis will lie made. The Federal Government will then take steps to prevent the introduction of commodities labelled "sago," but which are not sago. # * * Legal costs pile up rapidly. A garnishee order was made in the Bendigo Court against a railway employee last week for £2 Is. lid., which included 15s. 6d. costs of the order. There was no appearance of defendant, and it was stated that the original debt was 10s. lid., for which an order was obtained at the Court, with 15s, 6d. costs. Defendant either would not or could not obey the order was obtained. He will now pay £2 Is. lid., instead of 10s. lid. The lawyers will get 31s. out of the deal. It would be well to consider whether any solicitor's fees should be allowed on trifling amounts. The New Zealand Magistrates' Courts are prevented by their rules from allowing costs where the amount of the claim does not exceed £2, and from £2 to £5 the fee given in 'undefended cases is 5s., excepting when the magistrate specially certifies for a higher amount. * * * More N.S.Vf. Jobs What Sydney "Newsletter" calls "the vilest political jobbery ever perpetrated in IS'.S.W.," is being disclosed in connection with the closer settlement policy. The N.S.AV. Government propose to resume the Peel River Estate, an 'enormous area of fertile country in the Liverpool Plains district of that State. For years the absentee owners have halfheartedly used it for pastoral purposes, waiting in the secure hope that some day the advance of settlement would enable them to reap the unearned increment. This estate has paid land-tax for years on an unimproved valuation of less than £2, yet the owners are now asking £6 per acre, and will get about £o. Banks and financial institutions are transferring estates to the Government at fancy prices, and incoming immigrants are induced to purchase sub-divisions of these areas at a price which they must repudiate in the future, or be hopelessly ruined: at the same time that landowners are still holding - large areas of choice land, well knowing that the methods of the Government will give them an even bigger scoop in a few years to come. In the meantime, while Carruthers is luring immigrants to N.S.W. bv false misrepresentation, people within the State still pursue their vain <juest for land at a reasonable price. For 14 blocks at Urookong there were 1,140 applicants; (i0 entered for one block at ^Joloug- and Wellington: and 320 for a 500-ai-re .block on the .North Coast. From this it appears that the N.S.W. Government is resinning- on the same method as Bent pursued in Victoria. The only difference is that Carruthers is still going ahead, whereas Bent and Co. are resting. Some time ago, as already reported in the "Labor Call," allegations were made to the Trades Hall Council by several scrub-Cutters relative to the wages paid to men employed by the Government contractor clearing portion of the catchment area of the Korong Vale water supply. At the meeting of • the Council on Friday evening - a reply was received froni Mr. Swinburne, Minister of Water Supply, to the efl'ect that by engaging meiii at the rate of 17s. 6d. per week and keep, Mr, Thorpe, the contractor, was infringing - the conditions of the contract. Wheai, this fact was pointed out to Mr. Thorpe, he discontinued the practice. The contractor had been warned tliat the department would not make any further payments until he furnished a statutory declaration that the men employed had been paid in cash, as stipulated by the contract. Unless satisfactory progress wasi made during- the next few weeks the question of the termination of the contract would be taken, into consideration. The letter was referred to the Executive. * * * Jlecently certain comfplaints were made to the Trades Hall Council with reference to the conditions' of employment of the men engaged at the railway coal staging at Geelong. The Council brought the matter undter the notice of the Acting Minister of Railways, and at last Friday evening's meeting of the Council a reply regarding tlie complaints was read from Mr. Swinburne. This was to the effect that the Railway Commissioners had reported that tenders had been invited for the handling of coal, and that the tender of Messrs. Bersica and party had been accepted. The contract provided for the unloading of trucks and the provisioning of locomotives with coal. Where the men were employed the Commissioners were advised that the actual hours of duty do not average more than seven per day. The wages, of the cooperative contractors had averaged approximately 7s. Gd. per day, while two laborers who regularly assisted the contractors were paid 6. 6d. and 7s. per day respectively. No complaints had been made to the department. Hie Commissioners did not think there was any justification, for an alteration in the existing arrangements. The communication was not considered satisfactory, and it was referred to the Executive for consideration. * * * "W.B.D." writes :— "In to-day's issue of the "Age," Mr. Ben Tillet's lecture, 'Can a Parson be a Christian V is described as 'a travesty on Christianity, bordering on. blasphemy. which only those ignorant of history would applaud-.' 1 thought those who only had a scattering acquaintance with history would know that it was the parsons, and not Ben Tillett, who made a travesty of Christianity. Let us see. One follower of the 'Meek andi Lowly -Jesus' draws £15,000 a year. I refer to the Archbishop of Canterbury. It will be remembered that His Grace had the colossal impudence, when removing to more comfortable quarters, to say that it cost him £2,500, and that his espiscopal costume cost £100, and his hospitality in the form of 'At Homes,' etc., £2,000 a year. The late Dr. Temple, Archbishop fjf Canterbury, also boldly asserted that such princely salaries were not large enough ! Compare this with the life led by Christ Himself and His Apostles, and then say if one wordi of Ben Tillett's denunciations of the hypocrites was not thoroughly deserved. Fancy a man claiming to be a representative on earth of Him Who had compassion on the poor spending £2000 a year to entertain the 'Fat Man' at * Afternoon. Teas,' etc., when there were thousands of poor wretches living within the shadow of his palace who could scarcely get bread and cheese for themselves and their half- famished 1 children, at the very time His Grace and his wealthy friends were enjoying the dinners of Lucullus. 'Nuff sed." "Hotwind" writes :— "The Danish Government pays yearly three million kroners towards small holdings. In different parts of the State 1S59 cottagers have been settled during the years 1900-1906. The area of land' ranges from 1—4 hectare, too small to make 'a living on; consequently 1477 cot- tagers are working for wages on the large estate®. If it was the intention of the law to tie the farm laborers to the soil, it ha§ succeeded well. Eighty- five of these small holdings have already been sold by the settlers, and fo-ur forfeited'. The Hamburg 'Echo"' newspaper, from which the above is culled, adds :—''This is an ideal state of affairs for the agrarians. The Government spends millions of money to tie the laborer to a patch of land, which compels hhn to spend his best time and strength working for others, and because, being tied, for lower wages than the free laborer may get. It is a misuse of State money, a miserable hypocrisy, with no humanitarian principle in it.' " * * * Covnirionwealtti Revenue The total net revenue of the Commonwealth for the month of April was £1,073,285, made up -principally as follows : — Customs, £(527,80S); excise, £171,911: post-office, telegraph and telephoae, £259,479; patents, £1318; trade marks and copyrights, £391: miscellaneous, £306; |iew revenue, £2072. The net total revenues for each State were:— New South Wales, £417,547; Victoria, £276,204; Queensland, £149,155; South Australia, £92,S09; West Australia, £95,370; Tasmania. £42,200. New South Wales had by far the largest revenue from the Postal Department, the total being £106,004, as against £64,136 for Victoria, which was the next largest. She had also nearly £100,000 more revenue from Customs and excise duties. The total Federal expenditure throughout the Commonwealth during the month was £284,077, made up of £77,956 in New South Wales, £86,646 in "Victoria, £47,878 in Queensland, £27,868 in South Australia, £31,171 in Western Australia, and £12,55S in Tasmania. The surplus revenue paid to the respective States was :—€246,228 to New South Wales, £193,769 to Victoria, £79,032 to Queensland, £53,890 to South Australia, £60,411 to Western Australia, and £30,561 to Tasmania-; total, £787,931. Another new feature is a table showing the proportion of the export trade contributed by each State. • * * Fight for chuca Our Varrawonga correspondent writes:— "The chief topic of conversation here just now is the extraordinary election pending for the Echuca seat in the House of Representatives. It is not likely that any third party will intervene between Messrs. Kennedy and Palmer; so the contest is pretty certain to become simply a question of Protection against Freetrade. Both sides are very sanguine of success, and Mr. Palmer's adherents are straining every nerve to 'persuade the workers that Mr. Palmer's return mteans cheap bread for the man with the large family. They argue that, as a miller, it is Mr. Palmer's interest to reduce the price of wheat by using his Parliamentary influence against the duties on imported corn, and that, if lie can sui^eed in abolishing- these duties, he will be able to reduce the price of his flour to the bakers, the natural consequence being a reduction in the price of bread. Most of the workers about here, however, reckon that it would not be fair to the local fai .'iners to abolish the duties on imported wheat. But, independently of the fiscal issue, they do not like Mr. Palmer's attitude towards the interests of the employees of private enterprises. His antisocial hostility against all laws which at present enable the workers to pay 1 a high price for their bread is not by p.ny means pleasant to contemplate. The probabilities are that, in this town, the private enterprise employees will go pretty solid for Mr. Kennedy, as much the less of two evils." The "Argus" on Monday morning announced the Premier's doings in London under scare headings, "Mr. Bent's Mission. Electrifying the Railways." Tilt "Herald," in the evening, stated that among the distinguished guests—8.500 strong, by the way—at the King's garden party were Mr. Bent and the King of Siain. We should not be surprised to hear of Bent's electrifying the garden, party. It is a moral he astonished Uie native from Siaitf. •k- * * Mr. F. G. Tudor, M.P., during his recent organising visit to Skipton, found the Labor gospel well received. ]\\]v. Tudor addressed a large and enthusiastic meeting, over which Mr. C. Cairns presided, The misrepresentations to which the Labor Party had been subjected wc-n* exposed and contradicted. Mr. Tudor also dealt at length with the land question, and urged that resumption should precede the construction or extension of railways. The policy of the past, under which lines were opened to private es- tates. and the latter subsequently acquired at fancy prices, was condemned. The speaker also referred at length to the leading planks of the Labor platfonu. A vote of thanks was passed by acclamation. A strong branch has been formed in Skipton. * * * The French State matches monopoly has issued its accounts for the year 1905. The number of matches sold was 39,794 millions, the receipts from sales amounting to £1,437.976, which showed an increase of £33,670 on previous years. The expats"* were £375,558, leaving a net profit of £1.062,118, which was a gain of £19,028 on the year 1904. The average consumption per head of population, was 1,022 matches. The number of hands in the six manufactories, five of which are in the provinces, was 614 mfcn and 1,305 women, independently of the direction. The average day's wage paid marks an appreciable increase since the monopoly was worked by the State. In 1890 the men were paid 3s. 5od. per day, and the women 2s. 2id. for a day of 10 hours. Now the day is reduced to nine hours, and the wage is 5s. 4d. per day for men, and for the women 3s. llj'd. per day, equal in purchasing power to nearly double those sums in Australia. * * * S.A. Senate Vacancy The delay on the part of the President of the Senate ill notifying the South Australian Governor that a vacancy has occurred in the representation of that State, is occasioning some comment in Adelaide. Section 21 of the Constitution provides that where a vacancy happens in the Senate the President "shall notify the same to the Governor of the State in the representation of which the vacancy has occurred." The Federal Attorney-General holds that this case, which arose through the election of Tory Senator Vardon being declared void by Federal Justice Barton, comes within the provision of Section 14 of the Constitution relating to "the place of a Senator becoming vacant before the expiration <>' his term of service." Under this section the vacancy has to be filled by the State Parliament, and, in the South Australian case, this means a win for Labor, as the party holds a majority in the State Parliament when voting as ono House. The President of the Senate is a Conservative, and the South Australian Tories are anxious to avoid an election by the House. They, who deny the franchise t<ij, others, are now clamoring for it vote for themselves, and claim that the vacancy should be filled by a poll of the electors. 