SPORTING NU'1ES. A. remarkable incident, in which' the Emp,,ror William played a loading part, has furnished a lively topic of conversation in German society circles. Thoeiinoident arono out of the yacht race for the Heligo land Cup, which was concluded a few days ago. The race was for yachts 80 tons and upwards. for the cup and prizes presented by the Kaiser. Amongst the comrrlti.c yachts was the Meteor, owned by "tne Kaiser, and the Hamburg, owned by Herr Tietgene. The owners warn on board their respective yachts, and it is alleged that when the race was nearing its end, at Kiel, the Ilambiurg "blanketed" the Meteor. Tteu Rnaiser ordered Hlerr Tietgens to clear away, and His Majesty subsequently lodged a prote?t with the Imlaerial Yacht Club. The club, alter an injuiry, dismissed the F1 protest. The Kaiser was very much ,ffended at this decision, aind he declined t- distribute the prizes to the winueos, as he had previously notified his intention of doing. Au Interemting feat of strength was per formecd at the Cyclorama on Monday night, wheln l'oler MacGrogor, the strong man of - time lletiopolitan Fire Brigade, broke a world's record, which has stood since 1885. 'IThis was the raising of adumb bell, weigh- C ing lo0 Ib, from the shoulder to arm's leI.gth. Three athlete= claimed to hold this record. each of them having raised the dumb ball 20 times. Professor W. Miller a performed the feat in Cincinnati, U.S.A. t G. I. Robinson had made this record in America on November 25, 1875, and Pro- h frssor Miller was able only to equal it. E. liaer, another American, attempted the ?almc feat on March 5, 1885. and he, too, Eh succeeded in raising the dumb-bell only 20 times. On Monday night MacGregor used a b-ll weighing 1011, lb, and he raised it 22 15 timn s, failing at the 23rd attempt. Ci 3Mr Donald Mlackintosh, the well-known Victorian pigeon shot, who has been show- B ing good form this season, achieved an im- th portant success on Monday. He won the A -London Gun Club's Championship and a gold medal, with twenty-six kills from twenty-seven shots. E The Melbourne Hunt Club races held on Wednesdany resulted:--Hurdle Race !'u:,le, (sevens) 1, Dog of War 2, Pieman 3\. Welter- Garrison (eights) 1, Keeper .Hill 2, Withnu 3. Steeplechasa-N?ovik (7 to 41) 1, Marlow 2, Adam 3. Steeplechase -Country Maid 1, March 2. No others ,ttrted. Jumpers' Flat Race-Regren 1, Superstition 2, South Read 3. Oakleigh Handicap-- Staple 1, Ballalaba 2, Portland ct bo,,b 3. Ir In the Caulfield Cup handicap, Sao fewer ci than 84 of the 160 entraaits.have between P 7 st 7 lb and 6 st 7 lb; while in the Mel- d hoirne Cup 130 of tho.175 are so placed. b Totalisator investments in.New Zealand as have been on the up grade the past three ti seasons. In 1904-5, the amount was 11 £1??0,117; in 1005.6, .198,863; and in 1906-7 d -£216.283. ti Roller, a five-year old brown horse one n of Mr E. Kelly's team, by Pilgrim's Pro- S gress-Tragedionne, was sold on Monday a for 250 guineas to Mesrs Krouse, Madden t and Mackinnon. Roller will probably be shipped to India shortly. A meeting of the committee of the Colac Turf Club was held yesterday morning, Mr J. Hancock presiding. The only business to be transacted was the passing of ac counts. Treesider has deposited £35 for a scul ling match, £350 a-side, with the winner of 3 Towns v YWebb race for the world's cham pionship. ArPPr VED oB THE ?iOTHrse1-.-BOnning 1 ton's Irish Moss is well in favor with the a mothers of Australia. It is an economical Sanid reliable medicine to have in the house. a Cures Whooping Cough, Croup and all e Chest Affections. 0 Did you over stop to think that Chainm h. berlain's Pain Balm is a general family liniment, especially good for rheumatism? 'I he quick relief afforded by applying it Sis worth many times its cost. Makes rest l and sleep possible. For sale by Messrs SBilson and Co., Colac; Messrs Hayden Bros, Barwon Downs; Mr J. G. Gost, Beeac; and Mr Alex. Sanderson, Forrest. l' The PrehytOerian congregation at Hamil Y ton has authorised the board of manage mr stent to spend £8000 on the erection of a 1 new stone church. is At a meeting of the Melbourne Immi is gration League a letter was read from a P Scandinavian gentleman resident in Mel f bourne, offering to secure 50 Danish immi grants, each possessed of some capital, if the Government would indicate where land is available, and also render some assist ance The Rev George Poynder, who for the past 15 months has been associated with Archdeacon Peacock in the work at Christ Church, Warrnambool, has been appointed to Dunolly. 