NOTES AND COMMENTS. A telegram has been received by the Department of Agriculture and Stock from the New South Wales Department to the effect that the proclamation prohibiting the removal of stock from within a radiim of fifty miles of C'harleville,^ imposed on account of the appearance of licks some months -ago, was cancelled on December 18. JThe department will now allow stock to be removed under the regulations existing In Mardli last. A meeting of the Darling Downs Rabbit Board was UteQd in Toowoomba on Uie l&th; instant. A letter was received from Colonel H. V. King, at Weelamurra In reference to the necessity of putting a narrow strip of netting along the pre •ent rabbit netting of l%in. mesh, stat ing that the experience gained at Charlotte Plains and Weelamurra proved that the present rabbit fencing of lftin. mesh on the Downs was useless for stopping the in leursions of rabbits. He suggested fastening It narrow strip of netting to the fence, *rhich had proved very efficacious on the stations named. It was decided to re liew the board's application for a supply Of lttin. strip netting. The inspector's report stated that the rabbit traces along the fence had in most places decreased, ffhe inspector recommended the fencing in jof the reservation on Haliford, where the .tank lias just 'been completed, and the building of a cottage there; and the exca- OTation of a tank on the board's reserva tion at the head of the Brannar River, and the fencing of it. The recommendations Were adopted. An interesting letter was received List week by the Darling Downs Rabbit* Board from Colonel H. V. King, written from Weelamurra, Cunnaruulla. Colonel King states that tlie experience gained there and at Charlotte Plains proves tihat the present rabbit fencing on the Downs is useless for stopping the incursion of the pest, and that a person may travel over miles of country slightly infested with rabbits and not see on?. In rtdie course of his letter he states that the manager of Charlotte PJains told him that he was wondering why the rabbits increased so fast along the boundary till one day he caught a young one and held it by the hind legs close to the l^in. netting, when it immediately shifted its head sideways to fit the shape of the mesh and dived through—evidently not the first time it had been through the fence. On another occasion a young rabbit was seen getting through the fence, and was shot on the other side. On the western boundary of one of ithe runs mentioned, where there were some miles of lVjin. mesh netting, there were no rabbits, though the country on the other side of the fence was teem ing with them, as was also the boundary between this run and another, where the netting used was lV&in.; mesh. A case was before the Police Court to day of great interest to stockowners, drovers, &c.; (our Ohavleville correspondent wired on Friday). Tha Mitchell Rabbit Board summoned W. Penhallurick, of Oak Park, and John Leioe, of Wallal, on a charge of having used its rabbit netting fence as a break for drafting cattle. Mr. Locket, solicitor for the board, asked for a nominal fine, and the defendants were fined £5 10s. 6d. each. An important conference of representa tives of Farmers' Associations affiliated with the United Farmers' Association of Queens land was held in the Courier Build ing on Friday week. The occasion was the consideration of the items of the agenda paper prepared for an interstate conference to be held in Adelaide on January 20. In open ing the proceedings the chairman (Mr. A. J. Westergaard Nielsen) emphasised the importance of organisation among farmers, so that when legislation was proposed in juriously affecting their interests, such as the Wages Boards Bill, they would be able to speak with a united voice against it. Other speakers expressed similar views, and before the conference terminated a reso lution was carried instructing the council to consider the present rates of subscrip tion, with a view to discovering whether they could be so arranged as to secure more general support to the central body. A variety of subjects were discussed from Mark Lane quotations to nut-grass and prickly pear pests, from grading and grain elevators to immigration and national de fence. In the ultimate result an agenda embracing many important recommenda tions was agreed upon. On the question of immigration the opinion was unanimous that the introduction of a steady stream of people from Great Britain and Northern Europe was essential to the progress and development of the agricultural industries of the State. Among other things atten tion was drawn to tno urgent need for more effective measure* being taken for the eradication of prickly pear, nut-grass, and other vegetable and insect pests. The well-known prjp-iriy, Mcl rose, elln ated outside Gatton, was sold by public auction on Saturday week. The properly, which contained 31 aero*, realised £19 per acre, tha buyer ocing a neighbouring fanner. One hears at times very disparaging remarks both as to the quality of our lands and that of " the man on the land" (writes a correspondent). Therefore the success of one like the pur chaser of the above named property—of German nationality foy the way—is worth chronicling as showing what can be done when a man settles down in an earnest manner to win his wealth as a tiller of the soil. This man came into the district with his family less than twenty year* pgo. At that time, it is stated, he did not possess the price of a horse. He took up a farm, which in due time he paid for, and in later years added to it some 60 or more acres of the finest agricultural land to be found in the Lockyer. On this he has erected a comfortable home, and is one of the many prosperous farmers in the district, as shown by the fact that he preferred paying cash for his latest acquisi tion to accepting terms. Last season ho took 120 tons of potatoes off his farm, which at the prices then ruling represents a comfortable year's income- A son, who did not take to the land, is at present in America undergoing a course of study for electrical engineering. The above in stance is only one out of many similar to be found in our country districts close to Brisbane. Given fair quality land, a steadfastness of purpose, and a fair pro l?ortion of good luck in weather conditions, there is surely no finer opening for our young men than that of " tillers of the coil." The effect of high prices on the whole sale butter trade is noted in a report just supplied by Messrs. Weddel (wr.tcs our London correspondent). After re ferring to a decline of 2s. per cwt., which has taken place on the market within a week, they remark that " It is impossible, according to all past experience, for Aus tralian and New Zealand butter to remain more Uian a very short time at over 120s. per cwt ; so it need occasion no surprise to find butter declining in value. Of the 50,000cwt. imported from all sources last week, fully su,oooewt. mu3t have retailed at 14d. and upwards to have brought a fail profit to the oilier, and as such a retail price cuts off the masses and sends the majority of them on to margarinv?, lower price* are inevitable-" Thus in a time of unusual scarcity the demand of the average consumer for *' shilling butter" re mains- If the price goes above a shilling, thousands of householders stop buying. The agreement with the Adelaide Com pany by which cold storage space is provided on steamers running to the North expires in January. The company receives a subsidy of £500. It is prob able that the subsidy will be renewed f#r two years, with a proviso that the conditions may be varied if a Torrer (Straits service is commenced. Messrs. Mills and Sparrow, of London (represented in this State by Mr. Wm. Johnson, of Elizaibeth-street), report under date November 15 as follows :— Butters ex steamers Moravian and Vic toria have landed in fine order. Unfor tunately the smart drop in Danish and French, coupled with the advices of rain And increased supplies in Australia, have had a somewhat depressing effect on the market, and buyers are holding off as long as possible. They must, however, come on to the colonial, and although we have to report a somewhat lower and drag ging market the past few days, we do not see why lower figures than those ac cepted to-day should rule next week ; in fact, we fully anticipate a very much bet ter volume of business and a much firmer tone at present rates. Butter has been coming forward very freely of late, and the railway cold stores at Roma-street are fully taxed. It is esti mated that in Brisbane at present the quantity of butter stored is between 8000 and 9000 boxes. More will arrive, so that a very big shipment will be made by the otcamcv Omrah, due to-day. Messrs. 'M'Dougal'l, Brad*, and Co. re port having yarded and offered by auction, at tine Cowrie yards on Wednesday, 11th instant:—looo head of mixed cattle from ■Rutland Plain* ami Helvetia Park stations. There was a small attendance of buyers, and competition was not k: en owing to the lwlin not (having fallen in suflieient quan tity to insure tlhe season. BuHwks, Xo. s's, sold at £5 ; steer.*, Xo. 6's, Bold at £4/10 ; cows, with calves at foot, passed in at £4/5 ; heifers, XO3. 5 and 6'a, passed in at 55/ ; forward dry cows, pa«3td in at £5/10/. At the firm* Miles cattle sale 8<)0 head of mixed cattle were offered on Friday, the 13th in stant. There was a good attendance of buyer*, but competition was not keen. Bullocks, No. s'a, sold at £4/15/ ; steers, from 8 to 15 .months. 55/ ; heifer;!, from 8 to 15 months, 55/ ; dry cows, from £4 to £4/10/ ; forward cows to £5/10/ ; cow* with calves at foot passed at £4/5/. The rain tree, or quango, is a hand some ornamental tree thet produces a heavy crop of beans (says the instructor in fruit culture in a report on a visit to the North). The pods, which are from nine to ten inches in length, and about %-inch in diameter, make a good feed for stock, and are readily consumed by the local cattle. The tree is said to stand drought well, and to crop theavily under dry conditions, the beans, like those of the ni2squite of the south- western States of the United States of America, and of Mexico, forming a valuable standby in time of drought. The trees ars doing very well at Mr. Robbin'a place, and I also noted t'Jiem growing luxuriantly in the main street of Ingham, and at a public Bchool at Townsville. At their Stanthorpe cattle sale on Wed nesday, 11th instant, 1000 head of 'bullocks and steer* were offered, quite 700 head be ing 3 to 4 years. There vm a fair attend ance of buyers, and competition w.is keen for bullocks free to Now South "Wales. 250 bullocks, No. s*B, from Undercliffe, for ward and good quality, sold from £5/17/ to £7/10/, averaging £6/9/. Tha balance of the bullocks offered wore only free to New South Wales, subject to two months' quarantine; owing to this and want of rain on Queensland border stations bidding did not reach owners' reserves. The same firm report having yarded 200 head ct" horse* at their Warwick sale-yard* on Monday iast. There was a goo 1 attendance ot buyers, and prices were quite in keep ing with recent values. Prices ranged from £4/10/ to £8 for inferior sorts, up to £13 to £37/0/ for good draughts. Messrs. Clark and Fauset, agenta for the Melotte cream separators, have for warded a dainty "wall calendar for 1908, bearing a coloured reproduction of " Lucille," by 'Arthur. The same firm have al«o sent a Mclotte blotter and calendar. It was recently stated in a Sydney paper that " the report of Messrs. Tryon and Tucker on their visit to Beenleigh and Tallebudgera in connection with the •Another well-known estate L? shortly to come under the 'hammer. This is Durham CV>urt, near (Manilla, tvlvWh for so many years Bifewi been in the possession of the Baldwin family, and latterly owned by. the larte Mr. Charles Baldwin. Under the terms of the will tftie trustees are now Waving t!he property subdivided for sale in about fifty farm blocks. A clearance is to be made of everything—(blood horses, pedi gree cattle, sheep, am! station plant. The faorsefe comprise some 100 head of brood iwares, colt?, end Miles, end the classic staHion9 Machine Gun and Havoc. There are 400 lidad lcrf purebred Shorthorns and 15,000 mixed iheep. The flale ii to take place early in Ftibrnary. Messrs. Garven and Cousens, of Twrnwarth, and Pitt, Son, and Baidgery, Sydney, are "handling tJam eMat« fox the trustees. bot fly showed that tthis fly is causing serious losses amongst (horses." As a matter of fact the repont made it clear that exactly the opposite was the ease. The officers stated-Uiat with one excep tion no ojt^fwas"met, % \WUi •Who had ever seen th*'parasite-when 'located within the horsed aljjrttfntary astern.; Some cases of dea^fts before (the \isig,. Were put down to/thfe'' fly, cfoity" owing \fi the lapse of ti«i« wpo infornjasron on which to folnMuin'dpinion^oqvildyiie obtained. TheT?Sf?^florticultural Society, Vmccnt^P square, Westminster, London, S.W., will hold three exhibitions of colonial-grown fruit and vegetables (fresh and preserved) next year—March -5 and 6, June 11 and 12, and November 26 and 27—and if these shows are sufficiently supported three fur ther exhibitions will be held in 180S). No entrance fee or charge for space will be made, and tabling will ako be provided free of expense. The society's sole object in organising these allows is stated to be the advancement of the interest of the colonies by stimulating the production of better fruits, giving advice and assistance in the difficulties ever confronting fruit growers, and helping to inform the homo market. The Agents-General and others p.re rendering every assistance. Any pro duce may he consigned direct to the society, and will be stored and subse quently staged, but the society, it is stated, cannot undertake the work of re packing and returning exhibits. Medalg or other prizes will be awarded at the discretion of the council. The classes for competition number twenty-four, as fol low :-yCollections of fruit and vegetables', collection of dessert apples, collection of cooking apples, collection of pears, pine apples, bananas, mangoes, grapes, oranges limes and lemons j shaddocks, pomelos and other like fruits ; peaches and nec tarine?, plums, melons, tomatoes, nuts^^ yams, sweet potatoes, and other tuber-flr vegetables other than tubers, any other colonial-grown fruits or vegetables ; colo nial grown and bottled fruits in clear glass bottles, colonial grown and tinned fruits, colonial grown and dried fruits, colonial grown and preserved vegetables, and colo nial grown fruits made into jam, jelly, Bjrup, 4c. Entry forms, schedule*, &c;, may be obtained from the aecretary, Vincent-square, Westminster. 