While a , good deal ;of attention is evoted to the problem of the distribution of products of human effort, littie time is given the equally , important question ' of the distribution of the labor necessary to giye the most bene, ficial results. To the casual observer .^nd -the unthinking. - it appears farcical that the Government'" should on the one hand be assisting immigrants into the oountiy and; on the other should- -he cohadering the departure of a section of the population. A iittle study will show that such a state .of affairs :i»only -the corol lary of existing conditions. The peopte' 1 feaving oor'ahores- are for the most part skilled -workers in an industry that has for a long while enjoyed 'surfeit of,'labor. There is a.'demand for thii tabor at remunerative rates in other parts pf ihe Commonwealth, and nothing ceuld be more neural than the supply sh»uld flow to where the better demand exists. In many, ways the removal of this section :of the community will improve the lot of those remaining. Instead of. men working only one or two shifts a week • there '%ill be steady emp'oyment, the tra>der will mot have to give so much credit, while the worker,, relieved from the pressure of much surplus labor will be able to command better Tatee of pay.. The men being invited to the State are workers in a field wfliere •there is great room for espension. In the agricultural" district® of this State there is/room for thousands of dolled "workers. It has been Estimated that, given greaer attention intense culture would provide happy homes for half a million European farmers in one por_ tion alone of the , country south, of Perth. • But to secuxe tfcis. state of things we must have expert examples, Many of those introduced tlurough the Agent-General's office during the Jdst few years have in this respeet proved invaluable. Two or three expert agriculturists placed in the centre of district where the most; careless and archaic methods prevail* will oo more good than a dozen agricultural colleges for they show by practical precept the great profit arising, fronj skill and in-, telligent -application. The introduction of such settles® should always be wdcmne --despite :i$ie fac| that-^n the minds of s«>m© members, of Parliament it appears, * crime to own or spend money "in the improvement of the lands of the State. If the, labor unions^ with their world-wide organisation were to devote fuller attention to the question of the distribution of labor- we would not hear so much of the contrasts of acute depression and bloated prosperity. Under a" proper system of distribution the surplus labor that has been crying out in AustraJia for some years could easily have been transferred to America, where a boom of prosperity such as the world -has never seen has been recorded. At the same time much could have been done in the way of relieving distress in other parts by the introduction to Australia of workers in the departments of effort where there is plenty of room. A littJe study of such a qnestion .-would open to view a wide and, beneficial field of work even 'if confined first of all to the limits of the Coirimonwealtfr. There «re many ways of relieving the anomalies of industrial conditions besides trying to make all men farmers, or to prate about the soil as the only -means of relief. A well directed system of labor distribution*, would do more than many. Acts of Parliament. Some day. perhaps, there wvl be a better dependence on practical business like methods than on tSe theoretical nostrums which now exercise such a deadly fascination. Mr. H. G. Wells has written a letter to Drir Arthur, M.P., President of the Australian Immigration League, who had invited him to pay a visit to the Commonwealth. The prophetical novelist remarks: "I have SeaJt very frankly with the colored question in America, and it is quite possible l may ultimately make it my subject and give a, large portion, of my life to it; Until I decide to do that, I think I should hesitate to take so long a voyage as you suggest." The "Australasian Insurance and Bankung Record" for January, comparing-the several reports and statement of the working of Australasian railways for the financial year 1905-6, remarks: —.."For the first time the Australian railways, regarded as e, show a surplus, after charging porting expenses and interest. The results for 1905-6 are better than those ior, 1904-5 by £807,26u, for while the gross earnings are larger by £987,164, working expenses show an increase of only £133,088, and the - interest charge an increase of only £46,811. The question arises, however: "Have the various services been maintained in ,first class order? It is impossible or anyone outside the service themelves to answer this question with ositiveness. The several reports ap ear, however, to be reassuring on ins Ipoint." A pme competition, open to collecors of pennies of jt)ie year 1864, which has- just been started in "a weekly journal," raises the question las to the grounds for the popular belief that' pennies, bearing that date are almost worth their weight in gold? Indeed, : the story runs that gold Was accidentally u&ed; in their making. To test this golden legend a well r known writer, who some years ago was bitten by the mama, in defiance of the dread penalties that may be incurred by those who tamper with the Sovereign's image, had some coppers melted down, when they .' were found to consist of 95 per cent, copper, 4 per cent, tin, and 1 per oent. zinc. , A reasonable explanation of the story is that it arose through fewer penned than usual being coined in 1864, their value being £13- 336 as against £116,928 tbe previous year This decided, drop was caused by 'the fact that the country was swamped by .about 130,000,000 of the nentf bronze pennies, which were first issued in i860, and that- there was still «n inconvenient number of the old copper coins in circulation. \ The Duke of Connaugbt has develop edf into something more than Inspector-General of the Forces; he has posS, tivelv become a missionary of the Em piref and his official journey to the Fair East wlil jiave political as well -as military results. •; Hip tour of inspection last winter through South Africa made for peace -j and reconciliation among the Boers, who oould not help being chiarmed by the duke's gracious ways. : Hie Royal Highness knows his Canada, his India, and his South. Africa; and on returning from his present tour —.which- he hopes 1 to do in. time to attend -our combined- naval and' military autumn- manoeuvres on the «outh coSst —the d-uke will have seen -more of the military defences of the Empire than, any other Jiving soldier. The Amir Habibullah, which name, being .interpreted means :"Beloved of God/' who is this week viating the ; Viceroy of India is a man of thirty- ! five, gifttoft with unusual mtelligence, j and, in a sense, of a progressive mind. 1 He is -fair and rather stout, shorter, and mere genial than, his famous father, hut not a whit less dignified. Ujabi bullah owits a motor-car, has recently imported .English doctors, and limits himself te four wives. Even this comparatively modest number would seem'to be excessive, since bis first •wife is a very violent lady, who has already killed four disobedient slaves with her "own hands. The Amir is immensely, interested in everything affecting the Moslem world, and it- is rumored that his ambition is to be regarded as a sortjof Moslem pope, a pretension which -would, of course, bring him into open rivalry with the Sultan, of Turkey. During his visit to India the Government ajt Cabul is being carried on' by his brother, Nasrullah Khan, whs visited London some years ago. We hear very - iittle of Iceland, mainly of course, because, the island has long been isoliated. It attracts no "special ksorrespondents," and Its political affaire are regarded as comparatively unimportant. Spitsbergen is hardly more remote from the turmoil of European politics. In the early seventies a rather formidable political agitation was initiated, with the ob- ject of gaining self-government for the islanders, and by degrees the fuil programme of the Progressives was gran ted, including the appointment of a resident Minister, responsible directly to the Althing. The accession of King Frederick and the visit of members of the Reykjavik Parliament to Copenhagen were supposed to have settled all outstanding questions. Letters from Copenhagen suggest, however, that a curiously anti-Danish movement is now growing in .- Iceland. The Icelanders are of Norse origin, of course, but in their Jong seclusion they have maintained their old language in almost its original form,- and Danes going to the island find it difficult to appreciate the local peculiarities. Moreover, the Icelanders have had no other literature than that of their ancient commonwealth from which to draw inspiration. and Danish visitors think them inordinately proud of their race purity and their traditions. Probably the secret of the. present discontent is the opposition of the Danish Government to a proposal that Iceland should have a flag of its own. - The Althing adopted blue with a white cross as the distinctive flag of the country of fire and snow, and a British critic sees, on the surface, no more "bip^tion to Iceland having a national flag than to a British colony having its own flag. The Dan_ ish Government, however, has other views, and naturally there is some feeling on the question. There are other evidences of discontent. It was proposed to erect a monument to the late King Christian- at Reykjavik, but the movement has been suddenly dropned, the local journals objecting that Icelandic , heroes should be first honored, and that-, in any case, the- money oould be better spent. There is some difficulty, over fishing rights, too, and Danish journals anticipate that the agitation will shortly take shape as one for full' autonomy on British colonial lines. all sources was 2.738,4G4oz., and in tbe following year 3,150,021 oz. In round numbers £23,500,000 were distributed among the working miners in two years.—R. M. Coc years. —R. M. Cochrane. 