xroTss. The cargo oí Australian wheat for London ex Inversnaid has been sold at 34s. Od. The-Tammin crops «re makjjog mark- ed progress-after tho splendid rains, and a few warra days, Tlie House ol Commons has agreed to thc amendments made by the Hows© of Lords to the Butter Bilí, which is de- signed to prevent adulteration. The valuable herd of pedigree cattle belonging to Mr. Pierpont Morgans, one of the American multi-millionaires, has boen killed, owing to the animals hav- ing become affected with anthrax. The weather at Wagin has been ex- tremely boisterous dillina the past few weeks, and heavy rains have fallen. So far the crops have not been affected. The weather now appeals to have cleared up, and good growth should be -ex- perienced from this out. By the R.M.S. OrmuB were 200 immi- grants bound for tli8 Queensland sugar plantations. They ave mostly Irish, the balance being recruited, from Eng- lish provincial towns. Though there are good men among them, the officers described the majority as a decidedly rough lot. Out of a truck of sheep which arrived at York last week, it was found that, either through carejlcssnesfe pr over- crowding, 13 had been trampled to death, and about eight others were more or less maimed aud dying. It was a most pitiable eight to 6ee how the un-1 fortunate animals were mutilated. I Dr. H. W. Wiley, Chief of the ¡ Bureau of Chemistry in the United j States Department of Agriculture, is ] in Europe sounding the various depart- ments of health upon the advisable- ness of holdi/ig an international con- ference to secure uniformity in the practico of dealing with the adulter- ation of food. In Kew Zealand a farm labourers' union has been formed, and is ahout to cito tho employers before the Arbitra- tion Court in order to have the wages and hours for farm labour fixed. The employers number 7,000, and if the bulk of the latter decide to place their side before the Court, the hearing is likely to be a protracted one. The N.S.W. Minister for Lands states that the experiments tn rabbit destruction of Broughton Island under existing oonditions, aro nearing completion, but it has been decided! to embark on another series of exper- j mente on a larger scale, and under ' what may be regarded as more natural conditions. These viii be completed by tho end of September. ! Ono of tho oldest pioneers of Broome- ¡ hill. Mr. Patrick Garrity. of Greenhills, died on Wednesday, August 14, at Miss Skinner's private hospital at Katan- ning. Mr. Garrity was born in 1840. ' in King's County, Ireland and came to Western Australia in 1860. He shortly afterwards settled at Broome-! hill, where he has resided ever Bince. His later years were devoted-to farm-! ing and grazing. | Tlie United Farmers' Association of Queensland last week "adopted ~a reso- lution declaring that the increased Cus- toms duties on fencing wire, wiro net- ting, agricultural machinery^ «gricnl tural implements, and other necessaries for agricultural purposes are unjtiet, and .calculated to retard tho settlement of the people on the land. It-was. ?decided to agitate by means of public meetings against Sir fia, Lyne's-ipro posnls. ? Residents of Cannington and districts are complaining of harbarious practices to'cattle in the district. A-fefw days ago j it "is stated." some cattle were driven ¡ from a paddock in the district, and! when discovered one of them was found ' or i th *'pitchfork embedded in it* body. It is understood that the Polico .fle- ! partmont are making investigations in- to tue matter. There are ateo rum- ours circulating in the district that two valuable horses had been poisoned locally. The markets are lifeless, the weakness in America counteracting th» "bullish''' feeling in Europe due to the damage to eton« and the small sfiip ruents. Cargoes are dull at 5*5. V)d. asked and 34s. 3d. bid for New South Wales (off coast), and 34s. (asked) tor South Australian (May). Australian »pot has a good inquiry at 3Gs. Cd. to 37s. New Zealand is quoted nomin- ally at 33s. 6d. for short and 34s. Cd. for lang. The visible supply of wheat in America east of the Rockies is 64,141,000 bushels. The oranges and lemons from Australia by the R.M.S. Orotava most- ly carried well. About 200 cases ot oranges from New South Wales found a wary market, with disappointing prices. Renmark Navels-brought 14s. t<» 16s. 6d., and other South Austra- lians 5s. 3d. to 8s. 9d. South Austra- lian lemons sold at 3s. Gd. Best New South Wales Navels realised 13s. to los. Cd., Jaffas 10s. to lös. 6d., and other sorts 4s. 3d. to 8s. New South" Wales lemont> brought 3s. 3d. to 5s. 3d. Thejy? , was no demand for passion fruit. Some eales were made at ls. 6d. to is. A Record Rainfall.-The recent spell of wet weather (writes the Government Astronomer, Mr. W. E. Cooke), bas been the longest ever recorded in Perth. From July 18 to August 16, a period of 30 days, mill was registered on every day, tho total fall being 11.02 inches. In precious years the longest continuous periods of wet weather were:-1900. July. 22 to August 7. 17 days, 6.01 inches ; 1900, June 9 to Juue 25, 17 days, 9.33 inches; 1889, May 24 to June 12. 20 days, 10.04 inches; 1885, July 30 to August 21, 23 deys, 6.05 inches. Reports from tho East Dumbleyung district are extremely favourable to an excellent harvest, and it is confidently expected that the coining season will see tho wheat yield more than doubled in the district. Settlers aro gradually pushing further east; at the present time one station has been taken up over 70 miles east of Wagin. Several selectors have crops sown over 50 miles east of here, and reports from these selectors state that they are well satis- fied with tht- prospects for the comiug year. Mr. Chas. Manuelle, who for the past. 10 years has managed the mer cantile department of Dalgety and Co., Ltd., in Fremantle, left last week per s.s. Sultan for Carnarvon to take up the management of the Company'» branch there endered racant hy the resignation of Mr. Percv Macnish. Prior to Mr. Manuelle's departure he was presented with a gold watch suit ably inscribed by his fellow-officers in Fremantle as a token of their esteem, and good wishes for his future wel- fare. The English Small Holdings Bill was read a third time in the House of Com- mons last weeSt without a division. Th© Prime Minister, Sir Henry Canip bell- Bannerman. said that the complex nicely-balancefT mechanism of the mea- sure could not be rudely altered with- out endangering the whole. He was making no threat nor addressing any appeal to the House of Lords, but great indeed would be the responsibility of that Chamber if by hasty partisan ac- tion it damaged a great instrument de- vised and approved by the House of Commons for meeting one of the most urgent of the nation's problems. Wlule the Small Landholders (Scot- land) Bill was being dealt with in the House of Lords last week the Marquis of Lansdowne moved that the debato on the motion for the second reading be postponed until after tho House of Lords had considered the English Land Bill. Lord Balfour of Burleigh withdrew his amendment, which practically mea>it the rejection of the measure, jn favour of Lord Lansdowne')? proposal. The motion to adjourn the .defcate was carried by ? large majority, despite a vehement protest by the Marquis of Ripon, Lord Privy Seal, against such j unprecedented treatment pf a _ Govern-j meut measure. j The high price of beef in Sydney is ! said net to be due so much to absence j of fat stock, but to the market being j systematically rigged. Prices, aecord- j ing to the butchers, are not regulated j by the law of supply and demand, hut j by manipulation of people in the trade, j who limit supplies, withdraw consign-j ments. cancel orders for railway trucks, ¡ or effect fictitious purchases. The Mas- ¡ ter Butchers' Association declare that they are going to regulate their retail ! prices in accordance with the- market- 1 rigged- wholesale sales'at -Homébueh. : with the result that the public will j have to pay the piper. ~ Last week witnessed the %dei>ar ture from Newcastle of one of its oldest settlers «nd most useful citizens in the person of Mr. -JÎ.- D. -Clarkson, ol Mount Anderson. - The occasion was marked laßt week-, by & public presen- tation to Mr. and Mrs. Clarkson in recognition of their many services; to the district. The Mayar, representing the municipality.; Mr- -V. Hamersley M.L.C,. representing. Parmament ; ¡and the fie VJ A; GTay>5p. -BA,, and the Rev» i Fr. {Hallinan, representing ..., tba churches, all epd&e; in glowing terms of the many activities of Mr. Clarkson, as explorer in the cai ly da j's, as pol i ti. ciao, as agriculturist and pastoralist, etc. and of tho social qualities ot Mrs. Clarkson as hostess at Mount Ander- son, and as the soul of the general so- cial life of Newcastle. A host of friends and relatives gave testimony of the deep regret they felt at the depar- ture of their old friends by attending to bid farewell to them despite very threatening weather conditions. Messrs. Dalgety and Co., Lld., hare compiled the following statement of Aus- tralasian woo- exports for July ?this year, compared with the corresponding month ^ in WOG. Last month's figures Jo»' Wes- tern Australia are e^timited: Wool Exports, July. Difier 1900\. 1907. euee. Bales. Bales. Bales. Western Australia 1G3 300 137* Victoria. i fill 2,16« 5(59* New Soi th Wales . 8,150 Ï5.79Û T.fitß* Queensland .... 5,234 C,0!W ],46t* South Australia . 223 GO !C3r ; Australia.15,381 25.03J 9,816* New Zealand . , . 10.995 13,051 2,056* Australasia .... 26,376 38,085 11,709» * Increase. t Decrease. Co-operation has been £low to take root amongst British farmers, and even at the present time the development is insignificant in comparison with the movement in Australia and Now Zea- land. The position is absolutely re- versed, as in the case of distributivo co-operation, which lias reached to great proportions in England and Scot- land, but is of little account out hero. The progress in agricultural co- opera- tion in England, is, however, some- thing tangible, there being now 153 j such societies, with a membership of 10,000, and an annual turnover of £350,000. A grandson of the late W. E. Gladstone is president of the Haw- arden District Farmers' Association which is run on truly co-operative lineal At the International Co-operative Cou f;ress, which will be held at Cremona, taly, in September next, the question of agricultural co-operation will be brought forward by members of th* Danish and Italian Parliaments, - and will bo given great prominence in the discussions. "Commercial America," the organ of the Philadelphia Commercial Museum,* lias same interesting comments in its Juno number upon the position of the American cotton industry, and those are rendered the more interesting at tho pre- sent time, when it is proposed to increase tile Co nu» on'veal tb duties on loreign cotton piece-goods. After pointing out the tendency to the production in larger , quantities of high-class cotton goods, "Commercial America" points cut that "wc have to face in the immediate future a surplus producing capacity not only in cheap cotton fabrics which make np the great mass of the purchases oí the Asiatic cottou goods markets, but also in higher-grade goods, which must com- pete for the best markets the world offers. The United States thus findá itself compelled by a peculiar combina- tion of economic conditions io fret about au intelligent search for an outlet for the product of this inevitable surplus j-roduciuR power." At the same time, the journal regards Great Britain as st cure in its present supremacy foi many years to come, and says that the Ameri- can manufacturers are not PO foolish as to attempt to contest their position. Still, the indications are held to point to America soon largelv increasing its out* put from the present rate of oi>e-tenth. of that of Great Britain and one half ot that of Germany. It was stated, how- ever, at a conference of cotton goods manufacturers in Philadelphia las< May that "American export trade in cottons can only be developed in countries which have not erected a preferential tariff barrier against us." 