BIBYfflES. , Another Russian police official murdered Revolutionaries raided by police in St. JPetera burg on Saturday night fought the latter with revolvers, killed one, and escaped. One hundred miners, mo&tly; State convicts. have been entombed in a mine ib. AiaDama By landslips. The Kaiser has ordered German officers to (abandon their epicurean habits and lead 'the simple life.' - ' The minister of the City Temple, London, Is causing a sensation relative to the new theology by declaring that the story of the Fall Is ^untrue. A train fell over an embankment at'Briansk, Russia, and many passengers were killed. The younger brother o£ the Shah of Persia created a scene in the death chamber of his father. He was ordered outside, and his chief adherent exiled. A Liberal M.P. declares it ie madness for the English Liberal Press to ignore Mr. Keir Har die's municipal programme. Lord Selborne~has taken the oath as Governor of the Transvaal under the new constitution. The ceremony was brilliant. Danish butter ships are now fitted with wire less telegraphic apparatus. Wales defeated England in the Rugby football match by 22 points to nil. interviewed at Brisbane, Sir James Fairfax, of Sydney, who with Lady Fairfax and daugh ter are passengers by the Japanese mail steaicer Kumano Maru, said he believed the Japanese were w^ing to do extensive business with Australia if it could be arranged on fair terms. Dr. W. Saumarcs Smith, Anglican -Ardhbjphop cf Sydney, to-day celebrates -his 71sE birthday. His Grace, who is in excellent health, and looks. forward to fartne-r years of active service, was consecrated Bishop of Sydney and Primate of Australia in St. Paul's Cathedral, Iiondon, on June 24, 1S90. The Oswestry Orange reached Melbourne on Saturday with 255 immigrants for New Zea land. Cw'ng to continued ill- health, Seniorcon stable Glanville, who for the past fifteen years h£s been stationed at North Sydney, has re tired from the police force after twenty-eight years' service. Lieutenant-Colonel 'Wallace, the new officer commanding the Royal Australian Artillery, . and Staff Officer for Artillery in New South 'Wales, arrived in Sydney by the royal mail steamer Ormuz on Saturday. Colonel Stanley. the late commandant, will officially hand over ?the command to Colonel Wallace to-morrow. William Arthur, 18, residing in Elizabeth street, Waterloo, was admitted to Prince Al fred Hospital last evening, suffering from con cussion of the brain, sustained through a horse which he was riding falling and rolling on him. Mr. J. S. Withington, the Liberal and Reform candidate, was elected for Blayney on Saturday by a majority of 23 votes ever Mr. Beeby. Customs revenue received at Sydney on Eati-rday amounted to £4461, of which stimc laats produced £1109, and apparel and f.extl'.es £i47fi. Fairing December, the North Coast Coope rative Dairying Company made 465 tons of but- . ter, and paid away £45,215. Tim little girl, Eileen O'Connor, who was run over by a tram in Crown-street on Friday, p.r.d had hp.r foot severed at the ankle, and Charles O'Donnell, a 4-year-old boy, whose clothes caught fire on the same day at his pnrpDts' residence, Stephen- street, Woolloo nmolno. died at the Sydney Hospital on Satur day night. Wtpelers employed at the Mount Keira Col liery have decided to give 14 days' notice of their intention to quit work, if a demand for increased pay is not acceded to. The Lieutenant Grieve memorial fountain at V.'atson's Bay was damaged' to the extent of £::-i on Saturday night by a Bumber of larv.-r tins. The offenders got away from the- -village before they could be arrested, but it is believed they can be identified. Archdeacon Langley# Bishop-elect of .the Anglican diocese of Bendigo, conducted fare wfill services at St. Phillip^s, Church Hill, yes terday, to crowded congregations. .- The Arch deacon leaves Sydney for his new diocese on Saturday next. A fire broke out on the premises of Messrs. Tiiicct and Company, wholesale grocers,' of Liverpool- street, city, on Saturday night, and the first floor, which is used for storing Condi - me-Ets, the ground floor, and basement, were severely damaged by fire and water before the flames were extinguished by the M.F.B. Mr. Alexander Gordon, K.C., and Mrs. Gor don (formerly miss Margaret inomas) reacnea Adelaide by the R.M.S. Mongolia on Saturday last, 2nd are expected to arrive in Sydney by Thursdy next. t& Captain Richard Charles Holman, D.S.O., has been transferred from the administrative and insur- tional staff of Victoria, to the admiate trative and instructional staff of New South Wales. The number of bags of wheat received at Darling Island during the last seven days was 161,168, making the tally for the season 448,707 bags. The number of bags shipped for the 3 week was 88,538, the total shipped so far this season being 197,598 bags. There were received at Darling Harbor, New castle, and Morpeth, last week, 12,244 bales of wool, making the season's total 687,116 bales. Mr. W. Massey, who had resided in North Sydney for 64 years, died at his residence, in Miller -street, on Saturday ^laSt, aged 73. The directors of the Hainault Mine, West Australia, have declared a dividend of Is per share free from tax, payable on January 3L Sugar exported from Queensland during December last amounted to 18,090 tons, mak ing the total quantity exported this season to date 135;S17 tons. The Director of Labor, Mr. W. 'F. Schey, in his report for December, states that in dustrial matters generally are good through out the State. Vhile swimming in Nepean Eiver, below the Victoria Bridge, yesterday morning, Alexan der Anderson, 23, a Sydney resident, became exhausted and. was drowned before assistance could reach him. An elderly woman who appears to have lost her memory, is at present in the . custody of the Adelaide police. When questioned by an - officer, she said she came from West Australia \ in a cab. More nuggets of gold have been found at the Poseidon rush, Victoria, one weighing 104%oz . in its rough state. Cardinal Moran, speaking of the spread of Catholicism, says that thirty-five years ago the j CatUoiic population of Germany was estimated at ten millions. To-day it was twenty millions. The export of tin from the Northern Terri- . tory last year was valued at nearly £40,000. According to Cardinal Moran, . there are 36 Catholic tishops carrying ..on the- work of reli gion in Australasia; there are 1800 churches. J erected for Catholic worship; more than 1400 A priests are engaged in the mission of redemp- 1 tion, andvwith them are associated, 700 brothers i3 and 6000 nuns. \ . ? ? J A young man named Hunt sustained injuries 1 whfch resulted in his death through being * caught in the machinery at the Broken Hill 5 Proprietary Mine. ' . - , - Three children of Mr. George jieisonj light- ^ house keeper at Point Moore; Geraldtoi, West ~- j Australia — a boy aged 5, and girls, 8 aid!. 10. A years old — have been drowned. The; girls.r went .. J to the assistance of the boy.'whb had got into f difficulties while bathing. . :... . :?:??-? . ;^-- !'» Edward Hali, who was suffering 'frbin-yjil- ' 1 moniary tuberculosis and heart disease, jumped; :, out of an. upstairs window -'at. il«»AustiJi:jHoBr- ? pita!,. Victoria, sustaining a fractiire ^ffethe. skull, from '. which he died. ... . . :.- .-' ?'.; .-? ; ' : The Launceston Marine Board has decided to £ request the Tasmanian Government to' sappoiht-y '?'?% a -commission to inquire iDto the seaworthiness t of the steamer Centennial; which left Launces-7 i ton in October last for New Zealand, and; has' :-jj not been heard of since. . ; ' . : , J ;;i Mails are sorted while in transit -between; ; . Adelaide and 'Melbourne, ; and I bet wen Brisbane '* and Wallangarra, on the NewfSonth Wales 'iSSor-.l der. The Ppstmaster-General is now megotiat- .1 ing with the '?S^TOyi-^mnu6sloJiers of ? ????flaki % State and Victoria^ \\.?tfi&' ? ;&' ytew to liaylng the' -i sorting done ? tjefcwef n.''Mell)|-urn:e and Syiri^-.- i :M Oertel's Syrup, froid Fruit Juice and .Cane' 1 sugaiv-a.'-- : '?';?'? ??'.?. ??-'.v'' ???-- ?-;:;?;;.:.,:'; :?;''?' -'r'tji ; ? ?: .??-'. ?-.---. ??-?' \ . ??.??-. .'?' ?' -. 