from our excDan^s. the Sunday closing laws. ' -Anglo- Jewry has been troubled dnring the last few years with the threats of Sunday Closing Legislation which would have seriously interfered with the welfare of a large section of our co-religionists, and have jeopardized their livelihoods. Lord Avebury (better known as Sir John Lubhock), has been the moving 3pirit of the proposed legislation, and although having in no respect the slightest auti- Jewish antipathy, his „ proposal would bear most heavily on the ? Jews of'East London and other centres. At the first hint of Sunday Closing Legislation, the Board of Deputies took the matter up and induced Lord Avebury to modify his bill in one or two minor details. For instance, a clause was introduced preventing - prosecutions more than a week or ten days after the offense has been committed — but despite considerable pressure by the more militant section of the ?community, the Board refused to adopt the suggestion that the precedent of the Factory Acts should be followed. Jews, who kept their places of business closed on Saturdays, be . permitted to open them on Sundays. Lord Avebury 's several efforts at legislation have failed, not on account of opposition, but in consequences of want of time. It is doubtful whether his bill of the present session or that of Sir Charles Dilke, which is almost identical, will be more successful, Meanwhile however, one en titled 'The Weekly Eest Day Bill;' has been in troduced into Parliament by Mr Goddard Clarke, and as this has been drafted so as not harm any ?Jewish interests, and in consultation with representative members of the Jewish community its passage in law would cause no misgivings to the Jewish community. As this measure aims at the same goal as those of Lord Avebury and 'Sir Charles Dilke, it is to be hoped that these gentlemen will adopt it in place of their own ?offspring. The bill 'was introduced into the House of Commons1, and is put down for second reading on the 9th of April, but it is very doubtful whether the time is available for its consideration this session. Another bill just introduced into the House of Commons, which, if passed, will seriously effect the Anglo-Jewish community, is the Education (Special Religious Instruction) Bill, known colloquially as the Passive Registers' Bill. A government ' measure, it attempts to enact a portion of last year's abortive Education Bill, and if it becomes a law will throw on the community one fifteenth ot the salaries of the teaches in its elementary schools. Since 1903, practically the whole of the cost of the mainten ance of the communal schools has been borne by the public authorities. This cost has included that of specifically Jewish education in the former Jewish voluntary schools, The payment for religious education, not necessarily Jewish with which they have no sympathy, has been resented by the Christian Non- conformists as a body, and it is for their relief that the present measures is being pressed forward. If adopted although it will restore the status quo established in 1103, it will add still further to the: burdens of the community, whose back seems on the point of breaking. So overridden have we been by appeals of late, and so discontented is the temper even of those whose benevolence seems unlimited that hesitation is now very long drawn before the community is asked for further subscriptions. This is to be seen in regard to the Singer Memorial, in which case the earlier statesmanlike proposals had to be withdrawn, and far; more modest ones, that in themselves appeal to one, substituted. Some time ago the Board of Deputies sent a lengthy and detailed communication to the Home Office asking in: effect for either. the re peal or the stringent amendment of the Aliens Act. The reply tarried long and the impatience of the more ardent spirits among us grew. At length it. has come. Although it is not yet published, I am in a position to state that it is in every respect, unsatisfactory. The Home Secretary, Mr Herbert Gladstone, whose sole qualification, it is admitted even in his own, party, is his name, refuses' not only to repeal the Act but even to amend it in the slightest and we now find that all the fulminations of prominent liberals, now in the government, when the present act was before parliament, were mere theatricals intended to convince us that Codlin's our friend, not Short. At present we (says a correspondent in the 'American Israelite '). cannot even get the act admin istered in accordance with the law. It is often twisted as far as possible against the interests of the immigrants. ! Your readers have doubtless learned of the terrible wreck of the ' Berlin,' (says a corres pondent in the ' American Israelite ') a mail boat running on one of the direct routes to the Continent and one always well favored by niembers of our community. I regret to state that several Jewish lives were lost with the ?vessel, among them that of Mr R. Franken burg/a son of the Mayor of Salford, who was a guest of the Maccabaens last month. On the other l hand there were several somewhat re markable escapes. Mile. Rosa Olitzka, the well-known opera singer, whom I met only on the- afternoon preceding the catastrophe, was lamenting her 'detention in London by -o the absence-'ftom town of her solicitor. Miss Irene Seharrer, a 'talented -young pianist, had ? also intended travelling by the same boat, bt#.,^ providential slip and consequent twist of ,,*ht ankle, prevented her from doing so. A meeting to conform the work carried on in formally on behalf of the Ito Emigration Regula tion Department was held in Rothschild's Bank on February 31. The title of the Department as definitely fixed was the Emigration Regulation Department of the Ito. On a proposal of MrH. M. Kisch. seconded by Wm. Leopold de Rotbe* child, Mr Israel Zangwill was unanimously elected president of the Department. Mr Leo pold de Rothschild and Mr Clement I. Salataaa; were elested Treasurer and Honorary Secretary respectively. The arrangements made in America Berlin and Kiev were adopted provisionally, to gether with the rider ' that to be clearly unier stood that this Committee shall not stimulate ox encourage emigration.' Methods were discussed as to the best means of diverting the pr eenem gration. The drafting of a constitution was left in the hands of a sub-committee consisting of Messrs Lucien Woolf, C. I. Salaman, and H. M Kisch. Mr G. Gurewitsch, the Danish Consul at Kiev has been appointed a member of the Ito Emigra tion Regulation Bureau, which has been estab- . lished in that city. i.mrrcy'1^ ? 