DISTRICT AND CENERAL- SUMMARY. Cainperdown stock sales to-day. Camperdown pig sales to-morrow. Mtortlake stock sales to-morrow. Waxworks and moving pictures Odd fellows' Hall to-day and this evening. Addresses on the potato growing in. dustry by Mr. Seymour, Government Expert this afternoon and evening. An effort is to be made to re-organise the Alvio Ritle C!ub. The New Zealand bowlers were de feated by Newcastle. A movement is on foot to form a cadet corps aS the Casterton State school.. Rev. J. N. Phillips, of Kaniva, has been appointed to St. Andrew's Church, Alvie. A few members of the Country Party are inclined to make an attack on the Government. The Canterbury Park races had to be postponed, the course being practically under water. Jackson has finally declined to captain the English cricket team which visits Australia this year. Mr. G. H. Reid, M.H.R., designates the mail contract arrangement as a Smiserable muddle." Sir Henry Hicks Hocking, formerly Attorney-General for West Australia, died at the age of 65. Crime is still rampant in Melbourne. A large number of robberies were re ported on Saturday and Sunday. A marriage ceremony had to be post poned indefinitely at Ross' Bridge owing to the non- appearance of the bride groom. Dealers in tirearms report that as a re sult of the burglary epidemic revolvers are being freely purchased by business people. General BDotha has announced that it is intended to: repatriate. 16,759 Chinese coolies from South Africa in 1907. Business in butter on the London market is dull. Colonial is unchanged. Danish is selling at 107s to 109s per cwt. The Australian liner Medi2 collided with a steamer off the coast of Kent during a fog, but was not seriously damaged. On Saturday night there was an ex tremely heavy downpour of rain in Sydney, over two inches being re corded. There was a falling-off in the produe tion of butter last month compared with May, 1906, but many other exports showed increases. On Saturday the six boys who were ordered 15 strokes for larceny were whipped at the Ballaratgaol by Roberts, the public flagellator. Serious scandals arising from gambling and consequent money-lending trausa: tious are being investigated in connection with the German army. In the absence of Mr. Jraham, through illneFs, Mr. Murray or Mr. Downward will probably be elected chairman of the Country Party to-day. An immense crowd assembled to see the football between St. Kilda and South Melbourne on Saturday. The game was spoiled by rough play. The police are satisfied that Thomas Brenan, who was arrested in Sydney, is not the murderer of the diamond mer chant, Bernard Bauer. Owing to the fall in prices it is estimated that New Zealand speculators in last season's butter lost between £150,000 and '£200,000. .Mr. R. W. M'Leod, a well-known memher of the Melbourne Cricket Club committee and Victorian Football L:ague, died on Saturday morning. R. Sullivan, a Merino footballer, was so badly hurt in a game by the bursting of a varicose vein that lie had to be re. moved to the Portland hospital. Brookes the Melbourne tennis cham pion, has again been successful at Mau chester. Playing with Mrs. Ilillyard he won the mixed double championship. The steamer. Varzin, caught fire at Sydney on Sunday. The flames were subdued with the whole of city fire appliances, aided by floating fire engines. Captain Blacklnck, of theship Kia Ora, wrecked on the New Zealand coast, after doing his best to assist the rescue of those on hoard, went dawn with the vessel. Thomas M'Kay, the jealous lover who bit off a girl's nose at Dunedin, has been ordered to keep the peace for six months. The parties are now likely to marry. Colac Progress Association intend having the Minister of Agriculture in. vited to visit the town to distribute the prizes in the maize- growing competi tions. The Japanese Government are restrain. inc the Tokio newspapers from comment ing too bitterly on the strained situation which has arisen between the United States and Japan. Mesats. J. G. Johnston and Co. sold at the yards on Saturday the right for the butter milk and washings from the Cororooke Butter Factory for twelte months from let Autust next, the price obtained being £60 10s. The Japanese restaurant-keepers who have been attacked and had their premises drmaged by the hoodlums, and in some cases by members of labour unions in San Francisco, are taking action against the municipality to recover their losses. Under the scheme of astisted immigra tion initiated by the New South Wales Government some time ago, anapparently desirable class of people, principally agriculturists, continue to arrive in considerable bitches from Great Britain. Last month the exports of milk and cream were nearly fivre fold greater, citeese 22 per cent., bacon and ham over three fold, poultry nearly double, and eggs more than double ttan for May last year. Mutton, lamb, and veal also showed increases. At tie "Olympia" horse show in Eng land Mr. Glencross' All Fours, an Aus tralian bred horse, cleared 6ft. 'Jins. and won the championship for high jump. Afterwards All Fours won Lord Lonsdale's special prize for a jump of 7ft. He cleared 7.4. Constable Cawaey, whilst arresting an Austrian named Faraboutcha at Port arlington, had to use his revolver. The man drew a knife and stabbed the con stable in the breast, and in return was shot in thIe leg and shoulder, and with assistance was eventually overpowered. In trying to avoid runningover a child at Warruambool Mr. C. Foyle capsized the motor cycle and trailer which he was driving. Mrs. Foyle, the occupant of the trailer, was thrown violently to the ground and sustained a severe shaking, and Mr. Foyle also had a severe fall. The child was struck by the machine aind knocked down. - A Kilmore footballer named O'Donnell made 'a splendid mark about 40 yards from goal, and in jumping fell heavily on the back of his head. lie was stunned for a time, but rose and kicked the only goal during the match. ' Afterwards he had to be carried off the ground. He is suffering from concussion of the brain, but is recovering. The wife of Harold Reckitt (son of Sir James Reckitt, who is noted for his philanthropy and for his greatgifts to the city of Hull), has been granted a divorce, the evidence disclosing revolting immor. tality on the part of the husband. Mr. Reckitt resigned his seat in the House of Commons in February. He is described as "as ardent Nonaonformist, who can speak sod preach well." 