Here and There. Tuect. ia an unprKedfnUd dnnanil for labor in Queensland, and during tlie last four mnntlps work lias been readily fonDd far 2«00 immigranlt. Tiik Japanese women do not hare/ club?, aud therefore (her hare babies.' Be nstu ral logic, a woman does not liare Urar for both, says Qertrvde Adams Fiaher, in ' A Woman Alone in the Hrirt of Japan.' Mice are fond uf music, and OiU fact in duced a Glasgow gentleman to construct a trap with a music box attachment. The made attracted tlip mice, and, lo get nearer tbe barmoniouB tones, they wanded into tbe trap, and were caught alire, five or six at » lime. AK Engli.h fashion journal writes : -' We may educate and civilise women aa »n will, uut the instinct «f. savagery will cMng to her still. If lovely woman can adorn her self sritb nnytMviK io die nature of scalps or set herself ?jingling with beada nnd tinkling gee^gawf, she never loses her oppor tunity.' Earn day of the week has sei red aa a day of rest somewhere. Sunday among Chris tiariK, Monday wilii the Greeks, Toenday with the lVrsian-,, Wedoead'ay wilb llie Assyrian-, l'hur-day with the Egyptiana, Friday »ith the Tutt», and Saturtlay »itli the Jews. Fekvekt admiraliou for John Hu»f, the Bohemian rcligtuus reformer, who was burnt at the stake in Iho lfifji ceDtury, haa led a Danish landowner named Chrisloplierpon Ui ?hut himself up in bis residence at FaJatcr, cover himself with petroleum,, ml it alight, and burn himself to death. Bishop Sanford Olrosted, of Colnrarln, at a dinner in Denver, said, appmpoa of 8ab bath breaking — ' I was ulkiog lo an Eastern clergyman the other day urmut his church attendance. ' I supposa,' ^1 aaid, ' t!at in your dialrict rain affects the atlcnd ance conniderably.1 He smiled faintly. -In. deed, yes,' be said. ? I hardly have a vactnt seat when it ia too wet for golf or motor 1k the course of a sermon at ltendigo (Vic), Rev. Ii. Worrall, referring to the subject of gold stealing in mine*, nai.l il had been stated that no leu than H.UQOazot gold from the Bendigo district had Oreo divcrtfd from iu proper course rn a given term. It waa common talk that they could hear men discussing how they bad secured Mil. 0. H. Fook, who recently came to England (rum Australia to dintribuu, X3C.000 among relatives and benefit chari table institulionf, paid a torprue vUU to i Eieter, and gave SO guineas to the luoal hos. | piul. Mr. Pook is lieing so pursued hy rela j tives, io pmson, and by tetter, that he is I obliged to conceal his identity, and as noun aa he had left the cheque he made a hurried return to Ijondon. Mb. Joskpd Kmgiit, the dramatic critic, ooce liad sent u- him hy a well-knowu American actor a purse full of money, Re lating the incident, Mr. Knight said : ' I ought to have quarrelled with him, but in stead I returned him hie money, with the intimatiou that he did not understand the conditions of English journalism, and that what he was doing was insulting, but that I would accept tbe1 empty purse as a sou venir of his friendehin. Avotjsi; girl suffering from a lapse ot memory in the Melbourn Hospital was sud denly restored to the f ull use of her mental powers by seeing and recognising Rev. S. Fearce Carey, the well-known Baptist mini star. The girl was found wandering in 8t George's road, North Fitzroy, aud was taken to the Melbourne Hospital. She remained for several days nnable to recall who she , war, or where ahe lived, till one afternoon Rov. S. Fearce Carey, who was visiting the j ward, was seen hy the girl. j TriE mathematical fiend has recently been at work upon a calculation of the work per- ; formed by the human heart. Calculations ' are curious, and give the work of the heart in miles and beats. It ia baaed upon the presumption that the heart beats CD limes each minute, and throws blood nine feet. ' Computed thus, tbe mileage of the blood through the body might be taken u 20T ; yards per minute, eeVen miles per bour, 1 68 miles per day, 02,320 miles per year, or 4,392,400 miles a lifetime of 70 jerrs. 