CABLE NOTES. The -revenue of Canada for 1907 gives pi'o- misoV on tlie basis of the actual receipts up to the „. present, to exceed £20,000,000, or over i £4,000,000 more than in the previous year. . . . . ' ' A" s'ehobr has been established -in Berlin, at which intending chauffeurs will be sub jected to a thorough training in the driving of automobiles. 7 it is intended that,' before a 'certi ficate of proficiency . is given, k final test . trip must be successfully accom plished. - - " : ' Alderman Sir William; Treloar, the Lord Mayor, arid the Sheriffs of the 'City of Lon don are pajdng b ..visit to Paris, and were yesterday welcomed, .by the municipality. During their stay in .Paris the visitors wi 11 be the'guests of the city; corporation. The latest x'eports regarding the health of Mr: Joseph Chamberlain, who has been suffering froin illness since early in the pre- sent year,, state that his . condition is dis tinctly improving.. - Prince Ranjitsinhji; the famous cricketer. wno in jMarcii last- succeeded to.tne title oi Jam (Prince) of "Nawanagar, is making a trip to England in order to recuperate after an attack of enteric fever. Mr. John Redmond, M.P., the leader of the Irish Nationalist party in the House of Commons, in the course, of a speech yester day at Portumna, in .Galway, declared:— 'While' the Nationalists have . by working obtained the redress of material grievances, their main, abiding and inspiring motive in seeking these reforms has been to strengthen their arm to win Home Rule." The latest official estimate of the popu lation within the area- comprised in Greater London . gives the total as 7,217,939. Greater London (the metropolitan and City of London'Vpolice districts) includes the counties of London and Middlesex, and parts of Kent, : Surrey, -Essex and Herts, and has an area, of 693 square miles. At the census -.of 1901 the .population was 6,581,372. Messrs. Devitt' and Moore s four-masted barque' Port Jackson, which has on board 24 naval cadets and also 50 boys from H.M.S. Warspite, the Royal' Marine So ciety's training ship at Woolwich, sailed yesterday for Australia. The Port- Jackson is expected to arrive ! at Sydney about Christmas, and after staying there for five weeks she will return to England via Cape 1-Iovn. ' In the course of an interview with a re presentative of ' the "Dailv Chronicle" Baron .Rothschild, the great financier and banker, declared that the reason why stocks are so low is the fact that "Go vernments all over the . world are hitting at capital." The Right Rev. E. T. O'Dwver, Roman Catholic Bishop of Limerick, denounces what lie terms tlie "secularising attitude" of Mr. Augustine Birrell,' President of the Board of Education, in -regard to the educa tion question. The bishop advises the Irish Nationalists to declare open war on the education issue, and to cut off all com munication with the Government. Canadian official- returns show that dur ing the eight months ended 31st August 216,865 immigrants entered the Dominion, being . an increase of 50,066 over the num ber for the corresponding period of 1906. The new fore part of the White Star liner Suevic, 12,500 tons, which was wrecked off The Lizard, Cornwall; in March last, has been completed at the yards of Harlatid and Wolff Limited, of Belfast. The new how is 212 feet long; and weighs 3000 tons. It will be towed to Southampton, where it will be joined to the main portion of the Suevic's hull, a work which will occupy about two months. Her Majesty Queen Alexandra is at pre-, sent on a prolonged visit to her brother, King Frederick of Denmark, at Copen hagen. It is reported from the Danish capital that a' dangerous German. Anarchist lias been arrested in the city. : Another outrage by a Bulgarian armed band is reported from Macedonia. A body of 200 Bulgarians raided the Greek village of Negovani, near Monastir. and slaughtered ten women and several men. The Turkish authorities had been forewarned of the attack, but neglected to take precautions for the safety of the un fortunate villagers. Sir Edward Walter Hamilton, G.C.B.. who has been Permanent Financial Secre tary to the Treasury since 1902. is about to retire from the position owing to failing health. ''Tlie French Premier. M. Clciucnccuu, at Amiens on Tuesday delivered a brilliant patriotic 'speech, directed against wlml, he described as "the parricidal" auli-mililar- ists and anti-nationalists. M. Cleineneeaii bespoke for all true Frenchmen soundness of faitli in the ideals of honor, loyalty and ' national strength. . i 