A Vienna man .has*.- made a bid for undying fame by elop- - iug with his mother-in-law. Heavens.help uim. The Danish =, Government : have welcomed a >pa:eht rat-j destroyer, which has no effect J on human beings, /logs; or/ poultry. Mr. Hall Caine has received received £90,000 •• in royalties for the play "The Christian." Melodrama is apparency air sugar-cane to the Manxman. Kilmarnock puts in a claim for having the oldest woman in-, Scotland -Mrs, Thomas' | Black, who is in her 105th year, Mrs. Annie Campbell, Glasgow, is in her 100th year, so Killie will have to wait a bit. A local lawyer was not long ago defending a criminal with case- as bad as his.clientVpast history. He secured an ac quittal, and oil being compli mented on his success he quietly remarked that he nad nine friends on the jury, and they allowed him money. V Two .savings bank books for deposits of £100 and £600 tespective-ly, were found in a secret - draw of a wardrobe, which a- man, who gives his profession as^f'iapdogs" hair c'utter," bought recently at a sale in Vienna for 15s. •? It has been proved that no fewer than 32,000 beggers-ar-e at present making a better living in Vienna than ordin ary workmen. One notorious family of professional beggars recently gave a grand ball and concert at a local hotel. . :|v Twenty thousand/drought stricken : dead sheep cry out • ''against. Josef Cnrruthers f ->r not keeping his election pledges with regard to rain and long grass. Cnrruthers, however, like a true coward, ..:'now puts.the drought on t providence!.. ^ Carruthers complains that lie was slandered during 'the election. Vv7ell, he called his opponents. by ..the following choice names. : " Skunks," " black sheep,'bughrangers/5 men wir.h dirty hands," " highwaymen," and said th t they were ruif'- with the money of the" publicans Joe Always shouts Stop Thief, so to speak, when he has picked a pocket. Sin'je Dr.. Arthur has nearly been killed by a motor car, it is probable that the new Par liament will iio somethingrto protect his valuable life from the machinations'of his anti 'immigration enemies. - Com mon men and -their0- children have already ? been knocked down and slain by automobiles but those don't coint, whtilp Arthur's life is t!>.us too valu able tu be bumped out. •' " Lickspittle S.M. Herald,'' always ready to kick the falle says on the morning of-Carriit-. hers' resignation. '"It was a great disappointment "to Him that the paWidx.espo n»e to >11is appeal was -so poor, and ' he ;ffeif discouraged .iiccordingly-.N, .-A few days. before it was' :whinnying about his "magni ficent majority " Professor Delate, of Pari , the > cable States, claims - to have obtained living aft.mal "cul'ae from %t('rihi eggs of the sea hedgehog - and ■ stariis:t. Mothing new,; after all. In a ! tJrookwell b< arding house full 'grown chickens have often | been found iri a fresh egg. Ireland < seems lo be tlm "home of the centenarian ;nnd the bed lover. Recently £the papers were full of an l/Mi I ltian who hadn't' left bed foi 30 x years, and "now - anot her singu ar, similar instance of devotion to Mor,phens comes under" my not ice. A man who hadn't left his couch for over 20 years tras approached by the squire of the pKce wit h the offer of .1 comfortable 'job if he would only ' g^t up and go 1.0 if. Everything was satis factorily arranged, with the excep!ion of the ma'i's food, .^heri told th'it be would re require to par<> his 'own pota toes at dien'ei* he dismissed his kindly visitor bv gathering himself together and hiding his : head /.under. - the- b^d. 