BBEYfflES. The Emperor of Austria passed a restless night on Thursday. . ' . ' ? By the wreck of a Danish steamer off St. Abb's Headi Berwickshire, 20 lives were lost. The failure of Otto- Heinze and Company, of New York, and the State Saviags Bank at Batte City, Montana, a Heinze institution, caused excitement in the New York money market. The failure was due to the non-success of an attempt to 'corner' United Copper Company shares. Messrs. Haller, Soedle. and Company, of Hamburg, bankers, have failed, with liabilities estimated up to £1,250.000. Toronto newspapers anticipated that King Ed ward and Queen Alexandra will visit Canada during the Champlain celebrations next year. Lord Carrington says . the Tory proposals for the reform of the House of Lords would make it a sort of menagerie of celebrities, or a glori fied' Athenaeum Club. A mass meeting of- miners wj.ll be held at Newcastle next Saturday to consider the pro posed demand for an increase of 8d in the. hewing rate. ? ? The Senate passed the bounty of Id per lb on raw coffee, but threw out the item of 2d per lb on tobacco leaf for the manufacture of cigars.. Mr. Fred Phillips' saw mills at Nabiac, near Taree, have been destroyed by fire. , The final of Hornsby School of Arts* billiard tournament resulted in a win for W. Richards (rec. 60) by 48 points, against A. Pullbrook (rec. 60). P. C. Law receives third prize, and G. Higgins fourth. -''???'. Customs revenue received at /Sydney yesterday amounted to £15,735. The principal items were: Stimulants, £2640; narcotics, £US9; ap parel and textiles, £2063; excise on tobacco, cigars, and cigarettes, £2343; excise on sugar, £3200. Owing to the dry season, the Victorian aferi- ; cultural implement makers have dismissed 700 hands ? ? A thick dust storm visited Broken Hill on Friday afternoon, and seriously interfered with business. Extensive bush fires are burning in the Lake Dunn, Charleville, and St. George districts, Queensland. Kogarah Municipal Council has forwarded to Mr. Carruthers, M.L.A., an expression of 'sin- cere sympathy in the illness which has necessi tated your retirement from the Premiership of the State.' Unanderra is threatened with a water famine, and at a public meeting resolutions were pass ed, urging the necessity for a water supply. The total quantity of coal exported from Newcastle duri g the week ended Friday amounted to 106,456 tons. Commonwealth and New Zealand ports took 55,113 tons. -~ General Botha, 1 imier of the Transvaal,. de- clares that Asiatic immigration is one of the gravest dangers confronting the country. The steamer Hobart, from Eastern States, ar rived at Fremantle, W.A., on Friday, after a 72 hours' trip from Albany. A violent harri cane was experienced, the ship being terribly bufletted. The Senate passed the second reading of the Bill to amend the anti-trust law. The Lake View Consols Gold-mining Com pany, West Australia, is calling -up unpaid capital to the extent of £42,000. half to le paid in January, and half in July nest. The Canadian Government steamer Arche has returned to Quebec after planting the British k flag on several islands and headlands in north 's ern waters. The electrolytic copper-refining works to be erected at Port Kembla are estimated to cost £200,000. ..??.. Senator Pulsford {N-S.-W.) -has been granted a further two months' leave t-T absence 'tram the Senate on account of Ili-health. :' ? .- The South African Cricket Association lias resolved to invite an Australian team to visit South Africa in 1909. ' The Moss Vale Lawn Tennis Club has elected the following officers: Patron, Mr. H. E. Kater, M.L.C.; president, Mr. J. A. Badgery; hon. treasurer. Mr. E. E. Row; hon. secretary, Mr. J. M. Wilson. _ ' Sir Harry Rawson telegraphed to - the Mayor of Newcastle his regret at hearing of the great damage done by the creep. ' In reply, the Mayor said the damage, though serious, was exaggerated. English malls for New. Zealand -are now be ing despatched by the new- line ol steamers running from San Francisco to New Zealand and Australia. The heat was intense in the country on Fri day. At Bourke the maximum reading was lOSdeg, at Wilcannia 104, at Hay 103, at Broken Hill 102, and at Cobar, Deniliquin and Went worth each 101. Owing to the steamer Tuncurry being bar bound at Forster, a valuable cargo of fish was lost. Fisa live in the ocean at a depth of 18,000ft. The Chinese Government has Issues revised regulations dealing with the employment of foreign capital for the development of mines. The nature of the regulations precludes the prospect of any capital being forthcoming. A heavy duststonn which occurred afc Broken Hill on Friday, enveloped the city from early mcrning until 4 o'clock, paralysing business, and seriously affecting surface work- on the mines. The temperature rose to 102%deg. China exports 11,000,000 fans a year. The R.M.S. Orontes, now at Sydney, brought from London' 234 bags mails, 37 bags parcel post for N.S.W.; 16 bags for H.M. Fleet; S34 bags for New Zealand; 22 bags for Noumea; and 120 bags for Queensland. Mr. Bell, M.P., Secretary of the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants, during a meeting at Harrow, accused the directors of railway companies of intimidating and even removing inspectors and drivers who are members of the society. . ' ' Canada is now making serious draughts for power on Niagara Falls. At the annual dinner of the N.8.W. Kennel Club, Mr. A. J. Gray, sen., said be hoped the club would try and organise a big show that would bring together the best breeds of dogs from all parts of the Commonwealth. Conditionally upon the electrical engineer's estimates being approved, Mr. G. D. Meudell has been promised a quarter of a million ster ling: in connection with the brown, coal 6cheme, for the supply of electricity for' the city of' Melbourne. ? Fish caught in Canadian waters find tbeir v-ay into the markets of Montreal .and Toronto by way cf Boston and New -York, and .efforts are being made by the Canadians to overcome this loss of business. - ' Two prisoners in Pentifldge GadL Melbourne, were sentenced to three nays'., solitary confine-/ ment for muring a, book on the Caulfield and Melbourne Cons. They laid the odds in rations of tobacco. ? ' ' ? , .- -_? ,: - Three men were 'fishing in the Grey River, near Blackball. N.Z., when the canoe eapsioed. Constable Lyons took one man ashore, and then went back for Joseph Skinner, tte third man/ but both Lyons and Skinner Were drowned. ;';': Mr. Thomas Baxter, or ^ottingly, Yorksnlre, has for nearly fci years been ?i': member of the choir at the Wesleyan Chnrch in the town mentioned. ,?' ; '/ '^^ ^-^ ''?? ? vV^w ? Mary Curtin, 60. of Q'GQWMr-Bfr-&t;/ Chippen- dale, was knocked down ty a tram In George^, street West; ana sustained conciiMon of ;t}ie brain. She -was taken to Prince AlfreftSoe pital by the Civil Ambulance. v i'.-'V The Vice-president of the lfeaiw«':&nc;«i£v& Council declines to.say c-^t^^aSfr. 5ff.ifc; Croker, who signed, the recenUyiamcell^ -Jinan contract, is legally liable tm account of ''Itfl failure. ? . ',»..? ; ?. . ....;? ?:..::r^.:;y.A Hoole Church (England) bears Sate 1628. Iba the tower. is seen the old- san^IaL lt-J^SaB the words (said to have' 'been inscribed '*. 4»y Harrox), 'Sine sole sUeo' ('Wltaont tbi -nn 1 am silent*-'). ' . :: - \, - '.'... . -^ V r.'';**™^ Men's -and Boys* Clothing, alwaire' reiiable}4lna£ Famous Low .P*te^.^:.^HIw»*:::;i|i-- a-Bjran-'-: shire-street.— 0. --'-v --' v' ? V--*-;..?-'r;::- T''v' ' -',':? Do yon know (bat Ten 'Ppimds ?will -fcny you: over Four 'Million ImpressUias itif ^ji* ':-mw-| 