THE SLEEPEK ¡WAKES. The popular impression of China in the time of our grandfathers was that it was a sealed chaos; the popular impression to-day is that it is a chaos broken loose. We need not cany back our historical re- collections very far to find ground for those views. But they are far from be- ing the whole of the truth. When we speak of China we speak in the aggregate of a great section of the human race. Truo, it has stood stagnant for centuries, like some inland lake isolated from the ocean of lifo. But the stagnation does not necessarily imply decay, a degenera- tion in vitality, a deep-rooted failure in the faculty of response. In the phrase- ology of the biologist it means merely that the race had established equilibrium willi Its environment-and we can use this formula in as far-reaching manner as we like. But, as the biologist again would tell us, once introduco a disturb- ing factor from without and the stagna- tion of equilibrium gives place to dyna- mic development. It is this precisely that is happening to China to-day, and stirring blood thick with the somnolence of centuries. There is no single centre perhaps from which the vitalising im- pulse spreads. In one way or another it was bound to come once a breach was made in the Great Wall which stood" be- tween progress and the past. Every contact with the West set the current of intelligence, of modernity, spouting across the gap that still yawns between China and civilisation. But especially, and most potently of all, China has found in a race not greatly alien, and closely allied in future interests, a missionary enter- prise which brings Western power clad in familiar Eastern garb. Japan has set herself to save China,—and Japan is the marvel of the age. The point we must seize on is simply this: There is no- thing on earth to prevent China doing to-morrow what Japan did yesterday. And it seems we can go further and admit that she has begun to do it. At the annual dinner of the China As- sociation, a few weeks ago a very remark able utterance was made by Dr. Mor- rison, a man than whom no one is bet- ter qualified to estimate what is real in China to-day. There are changes going on that -the world 'must watch with keen anxiety. Ten years ago we saw a promising reform movement started and stifled. To-day we have to- face a revival of that move- ment strong enough to protect itself from defeat. Once again China is alive and working towards a national ideal. At the start one source of weakness is evident. The edict abolishing the dis- tinctions between Manchus and Chinese points to the existence of a powerful anti dynastic party. It may be that revolu- tion will hurl China into chaos. But if that peril is avoided we must expect startling developments. Good law, good finance, the lessons of Western learning will work a miracle. We laugh at those Chinese edicts that make so little for sal- vation, but there is a real strength be- hind them. Dr. Morrison tells us that scepticism as to the sincerity of the reform movement is quite uncalled for-that it is the result of ignorant foreign preju dice, which does not take the trouble to look deep into the Chinese mind. Apropos of this he tells a good story, A foreign Minister in Peking -was intensely shocked at a rumour, started by a hostile native press, that a certain Viceroy had drunk the blood of the heart of a rebel. The Minister telegraphed to the nearest foreign official asking ir he could confirm the allegation. ' " He replied at once, "1 confirm." Later on Morrison asked him how he could possibly do so, seeing that he was as far away from the scene of the barbarity as London is from Siberia.He replied that his only reason was that it was "just tho sort of thing the brute would do." And no doubt it is often in that way that a facile belief in brutal fictions is set going. Morrison let his wit sparkle at the expense of other in- consistencies. Why, for instance, should those who demand Australia for the Aus- tralians have anything to say against China for the Chinese? Is it really evi- dence of reaction that China should wish to build her own railways, develop her own mines, administer her own cus- toms? Dr. Morrison at any rate does not think so. On the contrary, he is satis- fied that substantial progress is being made toward a national consciousness. We can only mention one significant point. It is the growth of the Chinese na- tive press. Every city of importance, we are told, has its newspaper, and the news- paper its cable service. The courage and outspokenness of this press is said to be worthy of all praise, and through it tens of thousands of Chinese read daily of the progress of the world, material and politi- cal. Another aspect of that influence of modernity is the enormous growth of col- leges and schools in which Western cul- ture is taught, while the spread of the English language is chronicled as extra- ordinary. Thousands and thousands of educated Chinese speak and write clear, correct English, and equally remarkable is the number of students sent to the American universities. It is no uncom- mon thing for an obscure mandarin to speak proudly of the success of his son at Yale or Harvard, and, as one instance, It seems the Governor of Mukden had nine- teen members of his family at foreign, universities. Such students hold their own. It Is very significant, for ex- ample, that some of the world's best re- cent scientific research has been done by Japanese. Dr. Morrison is hardly the man to overdraw his picture, and in the case as he presents it there is plenty to think of. For Australia especially too much modernity in China may mean a menace, yet on what ethical ground can we regret her progress? To-day's "Heralfl.''-"We ¡publish to-day on page 8 the second 'of Miss Beatrice Grlm shaw's articles, "The Real Papua,"* which is mainly an account of a few days' travelling in what wo would call the bush. Mr Lucy is occupied for the most part with the German Emperor and UÍ3 recent visit to London-a visit which, wo may obsorvo from our cable- grams of to-day, has already borne fruit in a chock to tlio Jingoes of the Gorman Navy League. Major Trevor distributes ungrudging praise amongst the Australian players in the memorable test match Just Dnlshod, and also Blnglos out for distinction Kelloway's Inn- ings in tho match with South Australia, This 1 sportsmanliko paper will be found on pago V. Our special London correspondent sends 1rs a bright account of the last Lord Mayor's Show. "In tho Garden" deals for the first timo with tho vegetable aa well as tho flower [garden, and we trust tho innovation will in- terest tho numorous amateui-3 who now keep a few beda for home-grown vegetables. Our 'Clifton correspondent describes a miners' week In Illawarra, including pay Saturday, and incidentally invites botter railway fa- cilities for tho minors and their famillos re- turning from Sydney. Another contributor, in a ¡paper headed "Tho Summer Music of Kosci- usko," draws attention to the charms of this great mountain solitude of ours, and thoso who, under moro primitivo conditions than now' rule, have mado the tour of Kosciusko may agree that Australia haa nothing better than tho summer music of tho million streams of Kosciusko. A Comparison of Rates.-In tho course of an address- on "Rating on Unimproved Land Values" at North Sydney last evening Mr. A. G. Huie stated that the block of land at Crow's Nest, upon which Dr. Hay, the owner of the Berry Estate, had his houso at pro sent brought in only £23 12s Cd in rates, whereas if the land were rated at 2Jd In the £ on its capital value, it vi oula bling in £833. The object of thoso Mho favoured rating on unimproved land valuos, ho said, was to mako tho owners of vacant land, such as that of Dr. Hay, Alderman Milson, an* Roynolda, too tho mark and pay their fair share of the rato, the samo as other land- owners in the borough, and not to place the bulk of the taxation, as heretofore, on thoso who improved their land. Payment of Land Tax.-It will be of interest to thoso who have to pay land tax to nqte that the days of grace will expire on Monday, 30th instant. After that date a Uno of 10 per cent on the amount of tho tax will-be incurred. In all cases the amount assessed must be paid irrespective of whether objections or appeals have been lodged, but In those cases payment Is subject to adjustment If necessary. Romaneo of a Postcard.-A Danish girl liv- ing In hor father's homo In Denmark, having probably heard something about Sydney, and anxious to add to her collection of postcard views from this State, hit upon a plan the success of willoh will probably astonish her. Having selected a card with a very pretty rural scene of tho homo In which sho lived, tho little malden addressed the card in Eng- lish, "To tho cleverest girl In the biggest school in Sydney, and would she please send a card in return." Thb mail duly arrived In Sydney, but the postal authorities were porploxod as to whom they should deliver tho lottor. However, tho card was delivered by the postman to the Girls' High School, in Elizabeth-street. Tho Judgment of the postal authorities was evidently wrong in this mat tor, for while the High School, Judging by their successes of the year, may have some very clover girls in It, yet it is well known that Fort-street, If not Cleveland-street, Is the largest schcol in the State, and is four times as large as the Girls' High School. Tho receipt of the card by tho girls in tho High School aroused a spirit of emulation. The pupils, numbering some 600, aro going to each forward a card to their unknown Danish friend. She will therefore receive BOO post- card»* If. thrl c*rd i»4 b««m-delivered_at . Fort-strcot she might receive a much largor number. Tho onus of selecting the cleverest girl will bo thrown on horsolf. Teachers' Tour to Now Zealand.-A company of over 20 Public school teachers left yester- day by tho Wimmera for New Zealand. They l have arranged an Itinerary covering a month, in which they play a serles ol cricket matches, tennis, and bowls. ' They will be partly the guests of tbo Wellington and Auckland Tea- chers' Associations. While at Auckland they will attona the conference of New Zealand teachers, which commences on January 2. The representatives to the conference from New South Wales are members of the council of the New South Wales Teachers' Association Messrs, Cosgrovo, M'MuIlen, Deer, and Elston. Mr. Fowning (hon. secrotary of the Wellington, New Zealand, Teachers' Association) will take charge of the visitors through New Zealand. High Court Torrn Ended.-The High Court of Australia concluded its Sydney sittings yes- terday after a busy 32 days. The sittings began on November l8, and 10 appeals wore hoard. Seven applications for special leave to appeal wore granted, and throo refusea. Tho judgments given resulted in tbe dismissal of three appeals and tho upholding of six. Tho remaining one, in which argument was concludod yesterday, viz., Hill v Ziymack, stands over for decision. Tho remanets num- ber six. The first sittings of the Court next year will bo at Hobart on February 17, and the Court will hear appeals lu Molbourno ou February 21. On March 30 Sydney will again be tho sccno of the Court's deliberations. During tho past few months tho accommoda- tion for the Judges at Darlinghurst has boon greatly extended and substantially improved. Sonator O'Loghlln Unseated.-By its deci- sion yesterday In the case in which Josepo Vardon, of South Australia, petitioned against the appointment by both Houses of Parlia- ment of South Australia of James V. O'Logh- lln as senator, the High Court has created a unique position in tho politics of the Common- wealth. Vardon was electod as a senator with two others at tho last election, but an appeal by O'Loghlln to the Court of Disputed Raturn3 resulted in his election being declared a nui lity. Instead of steps being takon to hold a now election for the one senatorial position, the case was treated as a vacancy which the two Houses of Parliament of tho Stato must fill. Their choice foil upon O'Loghlln, and Vardon petitioned against the appointment The Court hold that no vacancy within the meaning of tho Constitution had boen created when Vardon was unseated, as It had been declared that ho novor had beon elected, therefore the appointment could not bo made by the Houses of Parliament. The declara- tion as to tho election of O'Loghlln by the two Houses was declared void, and tho decision moans that a writ for a now election must bo issued In South Australia. Tho situation is without parallel in tbo political history of tbo Commonwealth, and It may causo some curious alterations in the relative strength of parties in the Senate at a critical time. The Income*. Tax.-Returns of income re- ceived during 1007 for the purposes of tho as- sessment of incomo tax for 1008 must be furnished to tho Commissioner of Taxation on or before February 1. The Treasurer, Mr. Waddell, is having a regulation prepared with the object of relieving pooplo who by personal oxortlon earn incomes below £1000 of the noeossity of making detailed returns, and providing a moro simplo method of mak- ing a sworn declaration as to incomes under £1000. Tho Federal Capital.-Mr. Watson, M.P., thinks that thcro is little need for anxiety logarding tho Federal capital question. He sees no reason why tho Parliament should not deal with tbo matter beforo the cur- rent session closes. Thorc is no reason to suppose that the Government will attempt to unnecessarily defer a determination, and Mr. Watson is of opinion that tho result will bo reached sooner under present condi- tions than if the Primo Minister bound him- self to mako it tho first item to be dealt with next session. Wire-Netting.-On tho loan Estimates re- cently passed was a sum of £30,000 for the purchase of wire-netting or other material and plant for the destruction of rabbits. Soon after tho original contract, which was for the supply of dOOO miles of netting became ex- hausted, the Minister for Lands entered into a fresh contract with an English Arm for the supply of an additional 1000 milos, and It was then discovered that moro would bo required to satisfy all demands. It Is understood that, compared with tho original contract, the price at which the additional 1000 miles was secured was exceptionally favourable, being appreciably lower. It Is intended to absorb tho whole of the £30,000 voted on the loan Estimates in the purchase of netting. A Perfumed Respondent.-The divorce case of Alexander v Alexander, in which the pe- titioner was an elderly but comfortably cir- cumstanced woman and the respondent a comparatively young and comparatively good looking man, was finally disposed of by Mr. Justice G. B. Simpson yesterday. On two is- sues raised by tho respondent judgment had beon reserved, and in delivering his decision his Honor said that respondent had married tor money and without any regard for his partner In life. That fact had bon admit- ted by tho husband, who had further stated in evidonco that ho had told petitioner of hi3 feelings towards her. Evidonco had boon given that the respondent had been In the habit of curling his moustache beforo a mirror for ten minutes at a time, and that ho threw scent over himself. Ills Honor expressed tho opinion that respondent regarded himself as öno of the Vent-looking men In Sydney, and added that perhaps that idea had been put into his head by tho petltionor. At any rate, Mr. Justico Simpson hold tho view that a man who pourod scent, over himself must bo a fairly concoited or vain man. After remark- ing that marriages lightly entered Into should not be lightly dissolved, his Honor found tho issues in favour of tho petitioner, and granted a decree nisi. Both tho petitioner, who is OG years of ago, and tho respondent, who is In his 38th year, were present In court when the de- cree was pronounced. Wooltop Making Industry.-The application of Messrs. F. W. Hughes and Co. for an oxton sion of the lease of their premises at Botany with a view of establishing tho wooltop mak- ing industry again carno beforo tho Water and Sewerage Board at a special mooting yester- day. A further report on tho subject was submitted by the enginoer-ln-chiof, al3o n, letter from Messrs. Hughes and Co., and after some discussion it wa3 decided to re- quest the firm to furnish further details in reference to tholr proposals. Tho matter , was therefore allowed to stand over. The Parson and the Geese.-In connection with the Central Mothodlst Mission, Balmain, of which tho Rev. G. O. Cocks is minister, about 40 ot tho poor women of tho suburb have been Induced by the Mothers' Meeting to pay a penny weekly from tho beginning of the year for tho purpose of providing each family with some Christmas cheer. Enough was subscribed for the purchaso of 40 goose, which wore carried over to Balmain In three cratos and deposited at tho parsonage, whoro their arrival, which was'somewhat unexpected, created not a little excitement. Tho claim- ants to the bird3 woro advised as soon as possible, and about 30 carno and removed their birds on tho day of tholr arrival. The re- mainder havo sineo got theirs-all but one, and that was left for tho parson. Kip Van Winkle at Waverley.-Thero are several stories current about ill- informed porsons who exhibit genuino astonishment on learning of well-known historic events, such as tho unfortunate demise of the late Queen Anne. Tho electorato of Waverley Is ap- parently a hotbed of such porsons, for, ac- cording to the story which tho lato member, Mr. T. Jessop related to a gathoring of his friends and supporters last evening, thero aro still many who aro not awaro of tho result of tho last Stato election. "Even to tho presont day," remarked Mr. Jessop, with emphasis, "numbers of people come to my placo looking for tho member for Wavorloy." With a constituency of such strango voters it la sot surprising that Mr. Jessop failed to bo returned. Probably his missing ma- jority was tinder the Impression that New South Wales was still a Crown colony. The Garden they Don't Love.-Seemingly porsons have not altogothor become educated to tho fact that the absence of railings around flower beds in Hyde Park does not give thom the right to make short cuts over gardens. Numerous- defenoamt*. Jjarp tatelx. { mnglstrato at tho Central Police Court by re-* quest of the City Council s officers The bo«J which appears to be offended against moral than any other is that In proximity to thal refreshment kiosk Some defendants refusal to believe that a garden exists there, ana assert that they think that the strip 08 disturbed ground the result of drainage opcr« ations Others glvo le as their opinion thaï notice boards should bo posted to warn un« suspecting persons that theio is a garden in/ the vlclnitv Another complaint is thal* convenient access fiom tho park to tho) Domain is, by reason of tho strip of dil< ground, denied At any rato tho officer aft the table stl'l collects half-crowns imposed as Unes National Park-The chairman of thai National Park Trust, Mr Trank Parnell has submitted to the Chief Secretary his report! foi tho year ended June 80 list Ho staten that generally speaking everything has beenl done to ensure the comfort ind convenient-« of the public Of course there is, a very great! deal yet to be accomplished befoio It can be said that every comcniencc has been sup-« plied, but with the amount of funds avail-« able much has been done In establishing pc-« mancnt Improvements which afford laeill ties and attraction to visilois It is esti- mated that over 220 000 people lisited thal park during tho yeal, and Air Parnell ex- presses himself as satisfied thit wore thal projected railway e¡tension lo Audley carried out the number would bo doubled from tho start The trustees Intend electing sheds oí a nioio substantial character than those aU present In use at frequent spots along th* liver banks, and if the public will assist the» trustees in discovering vandals and In pro- tecting tho sheds from Injury this provision! will bo extended Tho Vagaries of a Lift -Tho elevator at onal of Sydney s leading hotels a few days agal suddenly decided to protest against the aP* parent overwork that it wis being subjected to It chose i timo that would bring Us) Injustice under tho notico of many, viz, thal luncheon hour Wien it got between two! floors it stopped, and desplto all the en- couragement and wiles of tho operator ifl obstinately refused to budge To make mat- ters worse tho attendant explained that hoi was not the regular hand In charge as hal was only relieving that ho did not know vcryi much about elevatois and as an after- thought he added that it was beyond his con- trol Having given this warning ho advisee} the malo occupants who resolved to lea\ai tho cage by tho landing, which happened toj bo near, not to persist in this course Ihey) did, however, and immediately they haoj lightened the burdon, the lift shot up -indi then stoppod abruptly, after which it began! to bob up and down in an aimless sort oil way, which did not tend to allay tho fcai« of the nervous ones However, when it gol) near one floor, a nervous lady resolved to} take hor lifer In her hands and loavo hi H prison This she did successfully and tha" samo performance started over again As thal lift shot up, and as It had the nervous ono sj sister In it sho was very much worried n< a consequence However, matters wera; righted in the end, and everybody had lunch^ although a little late" "Suburbanite" aEks that the Railway CommlsstoueiX should provide a better service on Sitllrday for Arn« oliffe lhere is no train between 114 n.m and 1 ¡< pm * I Tlie Rhodes scnolar, It O UailoV is not the BOD oí ¡Mr I' M Wlddi of We't Maiti"! j but of Mr It* A Wadd), of Morpeth who is the father of v>i4 he-idnilater of the kings School At (lie New \lliamb-i George street ïïarmarkct 4 blo"riph exhibition is held eiery eienltifr Vic lmc lecencd a copy of ' »uslnlia To dir/ 1007, the ammil publie mon of the United Co H merdai frr-cllers' Associ itlon of Uistralasin for ti «* purpose of athcrlisirg the resources and attractions of Australia for immigrants and tourists The woisj ia printed on qrt paper, and is illustrated throuelH out. Vi e are Informed that the Commonwealth G * lernmcnt has purelii «I 1OO0O copies for ili'lnbnli » abro id while the \ietorian t»o\ eminent Ins boiifjil 500 for a mniiljr pur] ose We have received calendars for 1908 from Messre, Anthon} Hordern and So s (a complete set), the LonJ don Union and Crown Insurance Co (forwarded I j, Mesara Gibbs Bright and Co), the New Zealand li* snrimcc Co , Ltd , Samuel I Lee printer and rU< lioiicr, and II T Dunn and Co , printers also ral n< dar and jear boole from Messrs Willaroon Itcywo ÚJ and Clarke Ltd , and diar,) blotter, and calendar IM sued bv 'ICE ra \ndrew Usher and Co, and tor* warded by Mes°rs Penfold -ind Co We baie recen ed Cnnstmas greetings from the El H ey Industrial Ulm I Institution also from the coin* pamonship of Mesara I uerth and î»all In the ertay competition for I inpire Day 1908 frrr all secondary schools of the I m¡ ire-subjci t ' Stala and criticise the relations between Great Ilritain ai (I any countiy or Gio vu lolony with which you Tit acquainted -the ccsay written by Dorothj W iles I is been chosen for trai.aiiir.sion to the eomnuttee of tlicf League of the 1 mpire in London for tlnal adjudica i tion lhere was a very large entry from ill parti. Hie life Having- class recently formed under the suss pices of the Mini) Surf Club met it Manly for UM ttruetion under Mr Coo II Williams the hen nu utmctor of the ltojal Life saimg Society ThlNl were 35 members present, their ages ranging between .IO and 15 years and rescue and release drill wi| practised and good progrti* made \ demonstration of the new game Diabolo, w-ï píen in t'ic Pitt and Mirket streets window of I r< mel and ( ompanj limited jeaterdav The displ \r attracted I ir"e crowd-- and will be continued tliisj morning Messrs Piercy 1 theil and Co , in conjunction with! Messis Pad house and lojder arc offering building s tes at Katoomba for Bale bj public auction on Eat* urday next A number of ladies met at the Leichhardt Tonn TI ill on 1 riday to initiate a scheme for raising funds; in that district to endow a cot at the Royal Aletani dra Hospital for Children, to bo known as the; leichhardt Cot flic Mayor (Mr W J Tear* son) presided, and a committee was formed. 