The following appeared in our Second Edition yesterday. Collision at Sea. Arawatta v. Ingeborg. Marine Board Inquiry Continued. The Marine Board inquiry into the sinking of the Danish barque Ingeborg, as the result of a collision with the steamer Arawatta, off Port Stephens, at about 3 a.m. on 14th August, was continued at the Port Office, on Tuesday, before Cap- tain J. Mackay, portmaster (chairman), Captain W. J. Collin, Mr. T. J. John- stone, and Mr. J, Munro. Mr. Feez (instructed by Messrs. Cham bers and M'Nab) appeared on behalf of the A.U.S.N. Company, the owners of the Arawatta, and Captain H. T. Middleton, master of the steamer; and Mr. Hench- man (instructed by Messrs, Ruthning and Jensen) represented the owners and un- derwriters of the Ingeborg. Mr. T. W. Bouchard (acting consul for Denmark) also was present, to watch the proceed- ings. John Patrick Walker, third engineer of the Arawatta, said he was on watch in the engine room at the time of the colli- sion. After the bump, he got the order "full speed astern," and a minute later the order, "stop." A quarter of an hour afterwards the fourth engineer came down to the engine room and said the steamer had run into a barque. By Mr. Johnstone: He put the engines astern without delay. Only a second or two elapsed between the time he received the order and his putting it into execu- tion. By Mr. Feez: He got the order "full speed astern" at 3.3¼ a.m., or about a quarter of a minute after he felt the bump. The next order he received was "stand by," at 3.6. By Mr. Henchman: They were going full speed ahead before he got the order to go astern. Captain Middleton, recalled, stated, in answer to Mr. Henchman, that it was not true that half an hour elapsed before the first lifeboat put off from the Ara- watta. There were sheep on deck, but the gangways between the pens enabled easy access to the boats, which were in good order. He did not see a steamer hove to on the land side of the Arawatta after the collision. By Mr. Feez: The presence of the sheep did not impede the working of the boats. Second-officer M'Dermid was recalled, and briefly questioned by Mr. Henchman. The evidence on behalf of the A.U.S.N. Company then was concluded. John Henry Doyle, shorthand writer and typist, who was a passenger on the Arawatta from Sydney, said he was in his bunk at the time of the collision. He heard the crash, and about five minutes afterwards tho propeller slopped. IIo went up on deck and saw the men trying to get tho life boat out. A steamer hove to about 2 miles olf, and lie and other passengers were reassured as to tiieir safely there by. As far as lie could judge, there was an unnecessary delay in lowering the life boat. A small boat, he heard, had been lowered before this, but ho would say that no other boat had boon lowered. Tlio steamer lie saw, went away towards Newcastle. She did not make any signals, so far as he could sec. By Mr. Munro ; The Arawatta's pas sengers behaved with perfect calmness, believing that the steamer had only touched a fishing smack. By Mr. Johnstone : lie had previously noticed the method of getting boats out on steamers, and be thought all the life boats of the Arawatta should have been in the \yater in half aii hour. Mr. Fees : Suppose there was no neces sity for them? Witness : If sho had been an Immigrant ship, what about it then ? By Mr; Johnstone : I-Ic thought the cause of tho delay in lowering the boat was tliat' the men were not practical sea men. ' ' By- Mr. Henchman : He believed he could have seen a sail 2 miles off. I-lo was not present when the lifeboat was got down, but it was not lowered until about half an hour after the collision. . Life-belts 'were not served round on the Arawatta after tho collision. By Mr. Fccz : He had had no experience or tiie soa, except as a traveller. He be lieved, there was ..a notice in his cabin on the Arawntta, informing passengers that there were lifebelts under the pillows. Ho did not come to the inquiry with n grievance against tho A.tJ.S.N.' Com pany. He did not know when tho order was given ,to lower tho lifeboat. Ho thought all the boats should have been got out at onee. If there was no dau- ger, of course, there would lie no neces sity to get them all out. It might help to create a panic, but tile passengers were very cool. He inferred that the order to tower the boat had been given just after the collision, and that the men were, therefore, half an hour engaged m tlic task. All the Arawatta's com pany, stewards, and everybody else, be haved splendidly. J y Witness .voluntarily expressed tlio view that for tlic safety of tho travelling pub lic, tlio currying of sheep or other oar- go on deck near the boats should not be permitted, because of tile difficulty that plight .ho experienced in lowering tho boats in case of accident. IJy Mr. Feez ; There were no sheen near No. 0 lifeboat. Captain Mackay said there was an in spector whoso special dutv was to tee that the cargo on steamers was so placed as not to interfere with access to the boats. ' It- appeared to him they were getting away from the subject of the inquiry. Carl S. Aibertsen, first mate of the Ingeborg, said ho lost his certificate on tiie ship. Tile Ingeborg was bound from Wellington to Newcastle. There were two lights on the ingeborg on the after part of tho forecastle head. Petroleum was burned in the lights. Ho found the oil always reliable, and tho lights always burned through the night without atten tion. The night of tile collision was a dark, , clear one, and he could see tho land easily. His watch on dock tiiat night was Irani 12 to 4, and he was on watch a4> the time of the collision. Tho lights were burning ou tlio Ingoborg at tlio time ; bo saw them a few minutes before. IIo saw two steamers, one of which passed between tho Ingeborg anil Arawatta, Tlio barque was on tho star board tack, and her course was south hy west. The wind was blowing from the land. He saw the Arawatta for half an hour before the collision, and lie did not antioipate any danger of a col lision. He called Captain Schmidt about two minutes before tho vessel struck. Tho captain said tho steamer was goiug to run into them, and almost immedi ately tlic .collision occurred. Captain Schmidt callod out, " Make for the steamer all ot you." The Arawatta towered over the barque, and lie und others helped each otlict up over tho ' hows of the steamer. Tlio captain held up the cabin boy, and witness endeavoured to grasp bim from the steamer, but only just touolicd his fingers, when the Arawatta drew away.. Tlio captain and the boy, also four or five mon who nt that moment enmo out of tho forecastle, fell into tlio hole made by tlio Arawatta. When ho got on board the steamer, be asked someone on the port sido where tho officer of the watch was, nnd got no reply, He then wont to tho starboard side, and saw a man standing on ono of the lifeboats. He also saw tho captain, whom lio asked to get the lifeboat into tho water, and told htm that there was only one man in tlio boat.. The captain snid, "Take it easy, my hoy ; wo aro doing all wo can." Tho captain said a small boat was being launched, and witness jumped into the boat. This boat picked up three men iu the water, ono beting second mate of tlio barque, who showed their, where tho man who had been at the wheel of tho Inge borg was in the water. The latlcr was rescued. During the conversation in the boat someouo told him that tho barque's lights were not seen until about n inin- uto before the collision. Witness told them that u bad lookout was kept on the barque. He did not know who was in charge of the boat— they all were. When tlio boat was near , tlio steamer someone on her called out that there was another man iu the water noar by. The boat piillod towards the man, and picked him up, this making the third. After pulling shout again lie saw tlio lifoboat leaving tlio ship. By Mr. Munro : He could not sny how long It wns before tho llfoh'oat was got .o.ut, but to ttougllt i-ll.cto was delay. Ho could not say tiliuthor nny lives were lose. through delay in getting tho boat out. ' By Mr. Henchman : Ho sent tho eabin boy . for the captain just before .the col lision, and the captain 'came on to the bridge in a few seconds. , Tho Arawatta strqok the bnrnuc on the starboard side on tho forward pnrt of tlic fororigging, and penetrated the vessel up to the fore mast. The. Arawatta was not overtaking tlio ship. I-Ic did not toll Captain Middle- ton that tho barque was travelling south- south-east. He did not say in . tno boat that lie only saw the steamer a tuinuto bofore 'tho collision. There was nothing to obstruct the Arawatta's view oi the Ingehorg's green light. Tho inquiry then was adjourned until 2.30 p.m. The IMlDWina appenred in our Second Edition yesterday. 