BOOKS ASD PUBLICA TIONS. It is a good many years, as we count years, - since the whitewashing pt Richard . III. began. But it did not, begin until a great many years after Richard's death. One of the first public evidences of the idea of certain historic inqui rers that the estimate of Gloucester hitherto held generally, was inaccurate was the endea vor cf some actors to soften Shakspere's pic ture of a cruel, misshanen man into something different. A very capable, actor named Talbot was the earliest to present this view to Austra lians, besides dressing Die part in accordance with the times of Richard rather than In' accord with stage tradition, which had hitherto ex hibited the King' in the hat and boots which on the stage, -and especially in melodrama, had been the outward and visible signs of utter and irreclaimable villainy. . ' But as Shakspere made Richard an -ugly humpback, and a remorseless, plotting scoundrel, it was rather difficult to alter the dramatist's conception while preser ving the text unaltered for delivery. That Shakspere should hare made Richard what ie did make him is perfectly comprehensible. The Queen in whose reign he wrote and the Tudor aynasty natea toe King, who was defeated on Bosworth. Field. And Shakspere either went with his jtime,. or, as is most likely, was con vinced that Richard the; Third was what he drew, him to be. ' But if some latter-day his torians are to bebelieved.-Rlchard owee hie bad character in history, ;±a i-j the basest flf inven tions; in fact, to the ^deliberate lies of his con queror, Henry VII., and of the supporters of the Tudors. And there has gradually crept into tne publjci mind a feeling that Richard 'was not so bad as he was painted. This, how ever, though it has grown for some years, is not a very old growth. Mackworth Praed, in one of his best poems, has a brief mention of the Duke of.- Gloucester, which shows that he followed Shakspere. However, Sir Clements R. Markham, who has already made historical research in other directions, has now not -only removed the black from - Richard's character. but has painted him very ..white indeed. And ifarkham has at least thoroughly established the fact that Henry VII. set himself, and set himself successfully, to -worse w pervert the mind of England as to Richard. The latter may not be all Markham paints him, b\i«, he was good-looking, and more, he was intellec tual-looking. One shoulder -was- a little higher than the other, and here bis physical deformity began and ended. He was a sKiifut and brave soldier, and, so far as the liberties of his people went, a good monarch; and iu other respects a vise King. He did not kill ibe Lancastrian Ed ward after Tewksbury. nor Henvy VI. He did not force Lady Anae Nevi5l to marry him. The union was one of mutual affection and a most happy one. Nor had Richard any share in Cla rence's death. Nor did he woo and win a widow as Shakspere makes him So, for the simple rea son that -there was np xidoxr and he did not marry one. As to the murder of the Princes m the Tower, Sir Clements Markham establish es en alibi. The executions ol those members of Council who were opposed to him were really only what they as plotters against him would havJr. d°ne to bim- BT the way, ihe Warwick of Sir Clements Markham, or, as he contends the real Warwick; is a very ' different person from the Warwick of Bulwer Lytton's 'Last of the Barons.' Sir Clement Mackham's book is full of interest, and though a reader may not go quite so far as the author in admiration of his hero, the reader is likely to go a long way. The book^itseU 'Richard HI.: His Life and Charac ter, Viewed in the Light of Recent Research ' comes from the Sydney Book Club {Angus and Robertson). - - 'The Scandlnav!ans in Australia,' because it presents something of a, pamphlet form, and because the people generally do not realise the number of Scandinavians who have come to Australia, should not be passed over when the public reads. True, as compared with other immigraf ion,. j,hat. from ^jcandinavia may seem scanty; but considering the total population of Scandinavian ^countries, it bos held its own. But Uie book under mention is a testimony, and a justifiable testimony, to the influence of Scan dinavian immigration to Australia. The author Jens Lyng a heu tenant in the Danish Army, is an enthusiast so far as his. race is concerned, but really is no more'.of an enthusiast than are msay Ensrlish. Irish, end Scottish, and his enthusiasm *s of an admirable type The book is worthy of being rfead by every Australian In 'Lord Beacansfieid and Other Tory Mem bers,' Mr T. E. Kebbel who had the confi dence ana regard at JUbtsaII, has many inter esting things to tell, even thoaga some of them may seem to be trinal ThaSj after aa «\cii- ' ing debate and successful division in. the House ? of Commons, many of the younger Tory mem bers pressed Mr Disraeli \o Msturn with them, and have sapper at the Carlton, but, as Lady Beaconsfield told Mr. Kefibel afterwards With manifest j-nde and joy, 'OJzzy came home with £ne - and sue ihen processed to oescrtfep the supper: — 'I had JEctShfsi ^ raised r«* from. Fcr^num and Mason'fe and a bottle ot cham- ' pBgnfe, and he stte li&lf; -the pie fend' drank all the champagne, and thea lie said, 'Why. lay deax,v yon are mnre like J? mistress than -a wife.* '« : Ana Jtr''*^el&fels; coulS -s-*e that JLafly jSeacoas-' field took this as a very high compliment, in deed. The June number of 'The Red Funnel'' maga zine has illustrated articles on 'Kosciusko and the. Australian Alps' and on 'The Roof of Tas mania.' The short stories in the number are interesting, and 'Reminiscences of the Fifth New Zealand Contingent' are attractive. The second number of Cassell's new publica-. tion, 'The Story Teller/' well maintains the promise given by the first. It contains, . in addition to many short stories, a complete novel by M. Le Queux. 