PROMINENT WOMEN OF TO=OAY. Ethel Turner's , name is a household word in Australia. Few there are who have not read her delightful and charming stories of child hood- It is said that she has taken Louisa Alcot's placc in literature, hut it is doubtful if tho author of 'Littlo Wo men' was as beloved by her legion ot ad mirers as is Ethel Turner with her 'Seven Little Australians,' 'The Wonder Child,' and tho 'Family at Misrule.' The se cret of her success as a portrayer of youth is that she understands so well the innermost working of the child — its- aims, its ideas, and its hundred and one exqui site touches of love and humor. Under standing so well, . she is careful in her treatment of the merest trifle, knowing the paramount importance of every event in the life of a child, and she touches tenderly and lovingly its faults as well as its virtues. Ethel- Turner has two beautiful children of her own. Jean, the eldest, is now nine years old. Sho is a child that one, would not pass without a second glance. She has a wealth of fair curls, largo brown eyes, and perfect features. The other child is a boy — Adrian — a bright, manly, little fellow, a pockct edition of his father. Both children aro great readers, but their wise little mother has given them a good foundation for their health by making them lead an outdoor life, with plenty of sea-bathing, boating, &c.; ,At her home, 'Avenel,' Mosman, Ethel Turner is seen at her -best. Her lovo ' for children can easily be accounted for by- her. home life- and .surroundings — to her instinctive touches of motherhood — which she gives her littlo heroes and heroines, show that this speaks tho mother when the public only see the authoress. Her artistic taste is shown in her prettily fur nished drawing room, replete with specimens - of Greuze and other good masters. Her writing room looks over tho bay to tho foreshores of Middle Har bor, and is one of the most delightfully situated rooms that a woman could wish, and an ideal room to write in. Book shelves line tho room, and here the works of nearly every author of note make tho collection an interesting one, autograph photographs of George Meredith, Pade rewski, and Coulson Kernahan being con spicuous- 'Ethel Turner' has written in all , fif teen books, and has been , a prolific con tributor to many journals, including tho 'Sunday Times.' Sho is a true mother even in her literary labors, and each of her children has a book-shelf, laden with favorite authors, and stories of _ adventure most dear to childhood. Ethel Turner is not, as many people think, an Australian. Her father' was descended fror'. a well-known Scottish family. Ho was a manufacturer In York shire, an excellent linguist, and a man of wide reading. Her mother is an Eng lishwoman of artistic temperament, and now that her family has grown up and sho has plenty of leisure, she spends most of hor time' in painting, both in oils and in waters, doing also wood-carving and brass repouBse wgrk liko a finished artist. Mrs. Turner camo to Australia from Eng land when her three little girls were still a long way from her teens. Settling in New South Wales, she married Mr. Chas. Cope, of the Lands Department, and now lives in the pleasant home at Killara,' on tho North Shore line; from which all the throo daughters have been married. A step-brother ot Ethel Turner is Mr. Chas. Cope, an architect, and the only one now left at home- Of the three sisters, tho eldest, Lillian, herself the * authoress ot four successful books,- married Mr. H Lindsay Thompson ; tho second, Ethel, Mr. H. R. Curlewis the third, Rose, Mr. H. C. Pockley ; and thero aro now two children to each of tho three families. Mr. Curlewis comes from a family whose fortunes have beon .'bound up in New South Wales for many years. His mater nal great grandfather was Edward Smith Hall, one of the ablest journalists in early times in Australia, and editor of 'The Monitor,' The family at one time had large squatting interests both in Victoria and New South Wales, though a tendency to tho law has also prevailed. Mr. Cur lewis has two uncles who have graduated at Sydney and Melbourne Universities, having gone to London, been called to tho Bar there, and returned to Sydney to practice. When the 1860 fever of explo ration swept over Now South Wales Mr. C. Curlewis (father of Mr. H. R. Cur lewls) led several expeditions, and made some valuable discoveries, which to this day are called by his name. It was on one of these expeditions that a brother (Georgo Curlowis) was speared by the blacks. Mr. H- R. Curlewis is himself a barrister by profession, and an able writer on law subjects. Mrs. Curlewis was recently asked if she had any hobbies apart from her author ship. 'Too many, I am afraid,' was the reply. 'I regard them as pleasant relax ations, and give none the really serious attention they demand if they are to be well done. Golf and sea-bathing occupy chief place just now, but I have never driven a satisfactory ball yet, and can't swim much moro than fifty yards without wishing there was a plank near to sit on and rest. Croquet and tennis,' said Miss Turner, 'have served their turn, and I are two boxes of it in the house waiting attention. My husband is an ardent golf player, though for some years he was much addicted to sailing, and there are not many corners of Sydney ' Harbor we havo not explored. We both have ca meras, and I have dabbled in carbon and other artistic processes, with few suc cesses and many failures. But I think gardening appeals to mo more than any thing, and were the conditions In my gar den easier no other hobby would take its placo. Sometimes tho children . and I garden desperately for weeks and months, and grow flowors that aro about fit for ex hibition, but the slightest lessoning of at tention and the strong sea windfc, wither everything up in a garden that is made up like mine is — on solid rock. Then wo get discouraged and let hired labor fill the gap. which it never does- A garden is just like a child, and cannot flourish unless it is well loved.' Though Miss Turner has m2ny hobbles, she does not ride them all at once, of course. As a matter of fact, sho is a great believer in hobbies, and 'work well and play well' is quite a creed with her. She believes that a hobby is an impera tive necessity with a brain-worker if he wishes to keep healthy-minded and alert, and ' to avoid the groove into which con stant mental work along one line would otherwise force him. 'If,' sho says, 'Carlyle had gone round the links three times a week with a fel low enthusiast, and Garnet Walsh had be longed- to a tennis -club, the long drawn out tragedy of Cheyne-row world would have been immensely lightened.' Miss Turner declares that she is not by any means either as energetic or metho dical in her work as some papers have made out, and was amused to seo that ono magazine credited hor with going to her desk each -day with clock-work re gularity and turning out a given amount .of 'copy' in so many hours. As a matter of fact, she has as many interruptions in the weekly round as most women — visitors staying in the house,, telephone calls, trips away from home, shopping, household management, the welfare of her children, entertaining and being entertained, and she- counts herself fortunate If she can get two clear mornings and two evenings a week at her desk. Indeed, as she herself puts - it, she has never been able to take her work very seriously; it has always had to tako a third. place in her life, and to be hustlod on one side for all manner of other things. At tho same time, she loves her book-making very sincerely,' and is a swift worker when the good mood comes, Sho has accustomed herself to write with tho children running in and out and/ playing beside her. She writes anywhere when tho mood takes hor, on tho beach, in tho garden, on the- balcony, and,- as she says, 'tho bad moods come, too,- when the pen becomes a swordj but we won't talk of that.' Altogether, pages may be written of Ethel Turner, and still one could not exhaust the interest. She has gained a niche for herself in the hearts of Young Australians. Her books have been translated into French, Ger man, Swedish, Dutch, Norwegian, and Danish, which speaks for itself. Ethel Turner is very fond of Australian poets nnd writers, and one sees such names as Henry Lawson, Victor Daley, A. B, Pater son,' Bocke, Jeffrey, Ogilvle, &c.;, peeping -from tho book shelf. Just at present shS is enthusiastic over 'Allco-for- Short,' the latest book of do Morgans, which she prefers to any sho hsB read since Thac keray. Her writing room has all tho latest periodicals ? of tho day, and she keeps herself In touch with what is hap pening in Amorlca and England. Her latest book, 'Happy Hearts,' is a series of stories for childhood. Ethel Turner believes in anything that makes for the uplifting and betterment of. the world rather than tho making of the best of things as they are. That is why, sho says, the work of tho Freo Kindergarten always appeals to her moro than the prison-gate missions, excellent though theso doubtless aro. With free kindergarten all up and ,down tho land and free schools, or such a system as tho Sobraon boys to follow, thero would bo ? small need for prison-gates for the new generation. Anything that helps to brighten and mako moro healthy tho. lives of working girls appeals to. Ethel Turner. The Girls' Realm Guild is an other institution which has her sympathy. Tho immigration schcmo also interests Ethel Turner— not only the servant girl immigration, but tho larger question as affecting Australia. She regards the efforts at present being made as the most hopeful, and only wishes they were still more strenuous. In appearance Ethel Turner is petite, with large blue eyes, wavy fair hair, and small hands and feet. Her personality Is such that ono forgets that the word 'bored' has a placo in tho English lan guage. She is a devoted mother and a gracious hostess, and, abovo all, a (w triend. j MRS. CURLEWIS (MISS ETHEL TURNER). — Photo, by Ilcnry M. Ashby Co., Gcorge-st. 