Cairns Shire Council, * \- THE MONTIILY. MEETING; J ] ? « ? - t THE TRAMWAY EXTENSION* < A-.- meeting : 'of ? tho Cairns .ÍH Shire Council was held last.night.at tho? Tramway- Ofllco."? There were present:..' Councillors AV. J. Munro (Chairman;-! Vf. II. Swallow, J. Lyons, 'J3. \ Hines, W., C. Grinin, L. J. Grim-, shaw, and N. P.: Petersen, tho Super- ? intendent and Clerk-, (Mr. J. J. . 0,'Loary), ^id tho Assistant Clerk (Mr.'iH." Manning.) THE CHAIRMAN'S THANKS.-. . ;? After; the ¡minutes had-been <rcad,: tho Chairmant .rose and: said: '.'Gen-, tlcmen,': before." proceeding ; with -> the business of thc evening I-have to thank you for ? roy. _-re-election ns Chuirman during my'absence. I cnn ussurc you that T nm highly , sensible to thc great .compliment you. have paid mc Hy re-appointing me for this year, this being my 10th successive, year as , Chairman of thc Council. During thc whole of that ? time my connection with the Council hus been a pleasure .. inasmuch as tho policy has always been- a. . progressive ono," whilst nt all times guarding thc.in tcrcsts of the ratcpnycrs^T trust my conduct during thc year willr justify thq confidence placed . ': in- me. I' again thank you for tho compliment you have paid me. TRAMWAY LOANS. ' A telegram, which had been des- patched >: by, Mr. J. J. Munro from a's "follows:-"Interviewed. I'tha Trca-; surer-tCKlay oii-. behalfi/Ohthe: Cairns Shire Council, - and made 'application first for amount .'£0260 required for extrarolling'stock; secondly with re- ference to tho loan of £15,573 for thc extension ot thc tramway to Babinda Creek. ? After going into data ' supplied by . me thc Treasurer replied the loan required for rolling -Hock would bc made available forth- with on formal application, and with reference .-to'.thc loan for exten- sion, accepting my data as being correct, thc Council would He justi- fied in having a permanent survey made by the Council, after "comply- ing with tho; necessary conditions thc rcquost;would recavo- favorable con- sideration. The Chairman said- ho .thought .-thc Council- was to bc congratulated1 on" being in-such a position that the Premier-should so readily meet their request. Thc action of- . tho Chairman was confirmed on thc motion of Crs. Hi- ves and- Petersen. ? . A- petition was received front a number of' ratepayers . stating that an area of 300 acres iTcyond the pre- sent terminus, would bc placed under sugar, as demanded by ¿tia 'Council, before the extension of . llabinda Creek would be considered. _ ; Cr.* Grillln said "there was??' some- thing about this, that ho did not like. ? He believed in extending set- tlement but it seemed to him that there was more Chinese!settlement than white 'settlement.--" Cr. Grimshaw: agreed -with Cr.-'Gri- i flin ns regnrded tho Chinese. There was also the -. question.".' whether the capacity of the mill \\\as sufficient to j cope with thc cune. -. - - :-.' . ?.? ?'. Cr. Hives, said that when tho ques-* tfon was raised he thought if they could get: 500 .'. extra: acres planted, ' they would be justified in extending. It all depended.on. tho point of view. If anybody ' thought, that ?. they had reached, thc. limit of., sottlemont, .it;, would not .-He' f--worth ijwniio ; «oct»»a It'fg. "Tho question^ofjiii-lmnygratipn: i>ao'^T>oicpl'qn''.tho'^ subject,'.. .":',J _?* . Cr. Swallow read a list ^"showing* that : a. numbor . of , latepaycrs.-'-àll; Europeans - had "signed- >: : ¿-an agree;; mont that. they"'would J 'put lift over ; 300 acres:in small lots. " - Cr. Petersen said it it could be* shown1 that there was sufficient set- tlement to warrant it the exten- sion should bo "made. He aureed. with -Cr.: .Hives that immigration question:- had a" good -. deal to do with it.-At tho conference in.-Townsville;; tho Danish Consul said that if-they: could offer; lund they- woiild igofr imr Migrants : i from Denmark. If tthey they- could increase the area under' cultivation, they should- make, thc extension. ^ -Cr. Lyons - expressedsatisfaction at..tho'.number of small ureas,''which were to bo taken up, as shown^by Cr, , Swallow. Ho was snro that "thc sugar industry wns. not to be allow- ed to go donn. ' ? The Chairman said-ho was a strong supporter of . the extension. The increased price in labor .-''would make it.ncccssnry .to- cultivate, in small .areas/ whiclr.wns tho final so- lution of -thu-difficulty.--:.They would find, in tho future; farmers with 10 acres of.. cane,. and doing work in other brnaches -.? such as -agriculture or dairying. 'And then, when: they got a plague of grubs it would not be so serious. Ho, wus--not. otu this opinion a fow years ago, but now he was assured that, thc solution, was sma^ areas with mixed farming. During his visit: to Brisbane ho had entered into agreements . with the Government for 200 meu from: Eng- land. That agreement, ended;: in 1908 and ho felt sure .that at the.- end of eighteen, months those men, would ;bo not : only- cane cutters but cane pro- ducers themselves. . .With re- gard to the crushing power of tho mills,.ho was sure that if a sufficient i .quantity of - cane was guaranteed to I keep thc Mulgrave Mill . going. if. jt, ,was duplicated, tho MB»t~r.' ^°»}a f^p^pi^ocrisKicr" tho, matter. Tho I Council wore' right in being cautious but ho felt sure they would bc justi * fled making tho extension. Ho felt isuro that tho larger schemo would I probably induce tho mills to duplic I atc their power. Hc¡ would likb to soo thc motion ad.ipted that thc loan bc raised for tho- additional rolling stock, and also for tho extension of the tramway. Ho would point out that tho Council could also protect themselves by declaring thc district between Harvey's Creek and Russell River a benefited oren. Cr. Grimshaw said ho thought the extension would be beneficial, but he did not seo tho necessity of making the area indicated a benefited area. Cr. Hives also thought it would be unnecessary to proclaim the tt?ea a benefited area« Cr. Swallow moved that In order to carry out tho objects of the mo- tion, tho Council take the necessary steps for obtaining a loan for tho purpose of providing additional rolling stock, also for extending the lino. Seconded by Crr Munro and narried unanimously. Cr. Griffin, speaking on the ques- tion of the btnefited area said he favored tflio idea. He would move that the 'area between Harvey's Creek and Russell be declared a bene- fited area.- ' ' j .- Cr. Swallow; seconded . thc-motion, becauso there i wero a number ol large absentee holders ;. boyond 11a bindn, who should-pay:jtheir-shore ii tho line did not pay.- -.Vf \- On, being put -thu:-r.resoldtioii;-wns carried - by four : votes to three. .'."." ' -NOXIOUS'WEEDS. Mr. S. AV. "Davids, manager of tho" Mulgrave Mill,., wrote calling atten- tion i to.-tho flatter of-clearing por- tion of thc Kussel! road of noxious ?and. other.' weeds adjoining the cul tnation. ' . ' ? Thc Chairman said if thc whole of tho roads worovto bc' kept:clearof< noxious - woods there would be httlo left for works; - . He was : inclined to( take", tho . position ? that ; tho landhold- ers- take tho rcsponsibilitytof-kceping tho roadSi- in -front .'of their lands clear, : Cr; - Grimshnwî'thought a . mowing machine :mißht ¡ho'ot some uso.' . * . Cr. Grilllu .moved that -a- reply, bo sent to the Mulgravo Mill that if the Council undertook-.this jwork.:^«?«*'' »ouid huV» i^J»-J^,Tuf110il1 "tho s&iro;,w which they could not afford. ACCOUNTS. Tho following accounts were passed* for payment :-Tramway, 27th March £819/19/11 ; Shire Council, £66/ 3/2. Tramway, lüth April, £365/ 7/9 ; Shire Council, £35/1/11. . The statement of finances was as follows :-Cairns Shire Council ' (dcb-, it), £392/10; Mulgravo- fTraniway (credit), £26S3/15, with, a fixed de- posit "of £1500. The estimated receipts and expen- diture for tho year showed-that the balance available for roads was £479/18/8 if thc present overdraft »?as paid off during tho year ; or £872/8/9 if the overdraft was not reduced. The receipts for tho year were estimated at £1500. TENDERS. ! Tenders for printing, stationery, and stores were referred to thu Fin- ance Committee with power to ac- cept. MISCELLANEOUS. Cr. Griffin moved that a rubbish depot bo formed at Nelson. Socon ? ded bx.Cr. Hives and carried. Thc matter of tho frcction of a footbridge for the usc of school chil- dren going to Mulgrave, was referred to thc Works Committee, i Cr. Swallow moved that thc tram which left hero at 20 minutes) to, 8 ori Saturday, co on to Harvey's Creole, and return at 0 a.m. on Monday. Seconded by Cr, Grimshaw and car- ried. I It was suggested that this might be given a trial for three months. Thc qucstion-of strny cattle was brought up by Cr. Hives, mid tho matter was left in tho hands.of the Chairman. Leave of absence for two . months was granted to Crs. Mayers and Hawkins. Cr. Hives was appointed to act on the Works Committee till Cr. Mayers returned, Tho meeting then went into Com- mittee to consider tramway, matters, 