POLITICAL PAP. .-"Get thee gloss eyes And, like a' scurvy politician; seem To see the things thou dost not." Lear, ir. Denham, when Minister for 'Agricul ture, imposed a cow tax. Now he says he is against it "because the "uuuvca uave unprovea. " . - ' The anti-Fed. debate was by far the tamest thing, discussed this ses- f.,on . ,The "Courier's" scare head lined account of it to the contrary notwithstanding. . ! . ircTntyre; M.L.A., says that the ploughmen on the Darling Downs are paid only '12 bob a week. Yet he howls Hke tlie very devil because the Wages Board will reach them. ' r When the labor and laud conditions cf a country are made sufllciently at-? tractive the best . class, of immigrants will go thither without any State ca joling, ' ! Kidston seems to have a weakness for lawyers— Nielsen is the third lawyer -lie has had. appointed to the upper House,, and besides he 1ms four lawyers in his Cabinet) v 7 ' ' ' / V' : > The cry for "more population" proceeds from landlords and capital ists, who either want 20 men scramb ling for every bit' of work, or 20 pur chasers throttling each other to buy everyt available bit of land) _ . . ' > .. Georuie Kerr disclaims being tlie author of. the Eight Hour Day lately granted fo railway employees. He blames' Wriliy Kidston, and .Wully darkly hints that tlie Commissioner put him up to it. . " .Toe.MilHcan hasn't shown anything so far to justify his return without a speech, or without showing his face in the Towers during the contest. He hasn't made a speech in Parliament yet, aud shows no symptoms of ' doing so.. He has only asked one question. ' The biggest portion of the surplus was contributed by the railways, arid whocyer was the author>of the Eight Hour Day for railway, men showed only common justice in granting, to the men who earned most of the surplus a share of. the money they, earned. , ' . .-a- : . ")f: Charters Towers used to be a tllffl- cult place to satisfy politically once, but now it. appears, to lie very easily pleased; But. still there is an appeal- to the Elections .Tribunal ; pending, which may or may not' bring about, an alteration in its representation. . Charlie -..Nielsen, tbe new M.L.C., served a three-year 'term in" the Lower House, where he. was princi pally noted \ f or his billiard play. Breaks of . twenty or thirty were noth ing to .him.. He is of Danish parents, arid, like all Danes) Js ii good Demo crat, his ..vote alwaj's beiiig a safe Kidston vote. .... ... # / ' The Opposition is. beating the big drum vigorously to get tbe '.Upper House to sling out/ the Wages Board Bill.. A number of more or less an cient .dames were /rounded up in the SChboV of" AIM the oth'er£Venirig and harangued by Philp, who sooled than on to the Upper House to" kill the anti-sweating measure. ' sjc The shameless hypocrisy that pre tends to. approve of tlieWages Board Bill in Parliament, and then does its utmost to slay it outside, should warn tlie public as to the land of Democrat rhilp really is. Anyhow, let the Fogies sling it-out if they dare. .It will be a big nail in their pofSn. . . j|e y -v The"' front Opposition.Beat.iis now occupied by Pbiip, DenhamT = Jenky , Tilaeartriey, Campbell and Andrew Pet- ric. By right this 'bench belongs to ex-Ministers', but Philp can only mus ter one ex-Minister, -and' he is a . poli tical " rat." Therefore' he has to call in a lot of " FiH-upstuff.,, - J « : Speaker Leahiy has a good- memory. He can remember reams, of poetry, and spin it out by the yard. Ho hadn't been Speaker a month before lie could dispense with the piece of planking- on which the meaningless long-winded prayer that the Speaker reads to irreverent members daily, is inscribed. This prayer-reading is a farce, anyway. But it is- the only prayer that about 75 percent, of members ever hear. ' Dlgby Frank' Denh'am is exhibiting a bitter spirit against the Govern ment of which he was 'so lately an enthusiastic member and supporter. "Truth" forecasts that before the cud of this Parliament the biggest Tory in the Queensland Parliament will be Digby Frank Denham, the commission agent who poses 'as the champion of the farmer. Fancy a coimussion agent being, the farmers' friend!, '# The long- eared elector thinks that rarlimucnt is run on tho. lines of 'Boards, City Councils) Hospital Cpiu- Uiittees, etc., where a simple majority /governs, and every member ;has as good a right . lis another .to" bring "things forward. As a matter of fact no member outside the live in the Cabinet ever knows what legislation is going to be brought forward uritil beheads about it. in the papers. Then, if he dares to vote as he thinks, he is soon cold-shouldered out of'the party. There will b'e some more vacancies in the Upper House soon. A' number of the old jossers are' over 70, and are more or less bedridden and imbecile. Some of them are too old .to get down to the Fossil Chamber/ others of them hove to be supported up the cfnirs on important occasions when the rights of "proputty" are endan gered by the rights of humau- beings. Tlio consoling thought ia that the worst of the Upper House Tories are old men.' Most of them are over 65 rind 70, a. .. - Donald Macintosh won't hear that anv dairymen .sweat tlielr - kiddies. Donald's boys 1 oil hdlped him with Mho coos," nnd each of them man aged to take a scholarship in addition. "What is more healthy," cried Donald in the nouse the other night, "than for young boys to get up at five o'clock in the morning and enjoy the fresh morning breeze while they take the cows up quietly to the milking vnrd." There is- one thing more healthy, and £Uat is. for. hem .to .be. Digby Denham shows. signs of rap idly becoming even -more reactionary than .tbd/ old-time reactionists whom be so lately deserted the ranks of Democracy to join. '' ' 4 ' There is more champagne flying around Parliament House in the shape of nice cosy little .champagne dinners lately than there has been for many years. A sure'sign that the long drought has broken up. sjc j . #- Philp says be dqesn't believe in tbe old fallacy that immigration means less wages and more unemployed. Unfortunately there are a good many things that Philp' doesn't Relieve ' in that are true nevertheless. > - # #;7 ./.".) -There isn't apy such thlpg as ma jority rule in parliament, fphe Cab- feet rules Parliament, and the 'Gov ernment party.)jdoes as the Cabinet directs. One day/Parliament will be run by simple majorities, like all Other governing boards. Then there won't be any Cabinet. -Ex-Senator Drake was an interested spectator, froqi the press gallery pf the debate on Plunkett's secesh mo tion. Drake was one who waved the flag more than anyone else at the time of Federation, and appears to . be still willing to get up aqd ware it some more on the smallest provoca tion. . r # # Lcsina some time ago recommen ded an old man for a railway pass in quest of work. The old person hasn't been heard of since, having vanished into the Never Never, and so the Department never got a refund. Now it has billed Joe with . half the cost of the railway fare of the.-aged seeker for work. , . .- ?-.!/ . ' . -.j;-.. The man who desires to keep his fellow men down to the twelve bob a week level is a dashed poor speci men of humanity anyway. Vet these are the very class of people who are ' always bowling for the eighteen hob a week English farmer to come out to Queensland, and wondering in their dull, stupid fahsion, why Hodge isn't having any, . # sk Jfc 4 Dan Huicaby and Philp hate .each" other like poison. Dan's interjections get on to Fhilp's nerves. Dan's idea of sn art interjection often amounts. to'5vu)'ir personality) Philp isn't a vindictive speaker, but he'8 fearfully peevish, and he says that the t<mly. impr'-Mon Dan ever makes in 'the House is when he lowers his. 20- . stone of adipose down on- one of the yielding leather benches. V & » ;.Three - times during Plunkett's donlcey-like motion -.against Federa- - tion, the Speaker's attention. had to be calfed to the state of the House. ! For the greater part pf the time only Ryott Maughan ' represented the Labor party in the corner. - The Opr position benches were only occupied ; by' three members for a while; and four or five members fiiled.the Min- . isterial empty spaces. ' 77 7 ' . "Deacon " Denham has been con- 7 spicuous in Parliament lately by his: opposition to Wages Boards. Most at flin nnnnctUnn +r» hf» iriflnciirfl' has coine from him. Yet, when the late Govermrient brought in the same Bill last session, Denham was a mem ber.,. of it, and voted for . the .same, measure, and fought for it. He . did the same with the Land Monopoly Bill, and now publicly thanks -.the Deity that the Upper House knocked it.out, . ik # v .'-ruf'-T The Shark Brigade got £3164,1. of public -money last year. Ofvtftebar- ristcrs, Feez got ,£454, Lukia.:£J23, Macleod £24C, Shand £21)5, , Power £157, Sturara £104, Woolcockj £123 and Jimmy Blair a modest £103. Of the smaller legal lights, Chambers and McNab got £438, Bouchard and Hollaridv£71, and Thynne and Macart ney £161 In all sixty-nine of tltein got a slice. of legal plunder. Even our friend Crisp Poole managed to get a' hold of 20 quid or so. # Douglas; of the Cook, dined with the Governor the other evening. The common or garden variety of member never gets his boots under the guber natorial mahogany. Most of 'em don't want to, and wouldn'.t give1 a snap of # their finger for the chance, but there are a few alleged democrats who \vould be prepared to give their right hands for, the opportunity. Cook Douglas, by the way, has brushed up considerably since he came ' down to. Parliament, and already wears ' linen up hi£h under his ear, and assurues the haughty languor, of the gent to the manner born. ' . . . / The Fossils, ruthlessly 'slew the Bill to prevent a. man from willing -away his property to Flossie, arid leaving his wife and family to starve. Every available tottering old fossil was car ried down -to- vote against it. Some of them were too deaf to hear the discussion, and some too senile to un derstand what it wa6 all about, but their vote counted all the same. Among this crowd were old Cowlir shaw and Raff, hardened old moneys (rvnltliAve irltn iri+lv An n fnAt. nlrpnilv in the grave, nre dead against any thing that, as they put it " would in terfere with a man doing as he likes with hisown/1 . .- ' To sliow what a difference tlie al teration of the word " or" and the substitution of the word "and" in a Bill makes, the Wages Board Bill says that' boards can be formed on 'the application of the "employers or employees" meaning that either party nay apply, or both together. Philp wanted the ' or " made " and." This would mean that both employers and employees, in conjunction would have to, apply "before a board would be granted,, and, if tbe employers didn't join in, hp board coul(l be formed. It is trifles like these that make up tbe sum. pf legislation. 4- . ;7 rhilp apd his„barrackers in Par liament- anfl.in, the press, aro trying to make- all .tlie capital- they can .out of Jlio agricultural industry being included . in the scope of the Wages Boards. The "Courier " even says It means " eiglit hours a day, aud .fixed hours of. milking." .The person who wrote that is a brother tp Ananias and Sappliira, because the Wages Boards. Bill fixes nothing, . It leaves.' the people actively, engaged in the industry to do that.' If the dairymen like to elect representatives on the Bodrd who will fix "the hours 'oi milk ing— well, that is their, own 'funeral. Anyhow, one would think the cow .was a sacred animal in Queensland, 