'THE LIGHTLY-TAXED AUSTRALIAN^' When Mr. Watson says that Australians are among the lightest-taxed people in the world, ho reminds one of the wnite haired immigrants, who still talk of things in tho Old Country as 'If nothing there had changed since they left it forty or fifty years ago. As Englishmen are to bo found who affirm that' 15/ a week will at Home buy tho services oi me ucai penter that over planed a board, ana Irishmen who aver that fourpence for a fowl and 2/ for a turkey are top values in the Green Isle, so the Federal Labor leader apparently believes that prices arc the same in Sydney as when be was a working man here In the good old days before Federation. If necessity compelled him to go on wages again in this city lie would soon find out the difference the two tariffs have made, amd in place of declar ing, inferentially, that we are not yet tax ed heavily enough, he would be as ready as anybody else to grumble at the new burdens. As It is, having got a 50 per cent, riso in liis own screw, which more than compensates for increased cost ot liv ing, he can't, ot course, understand what folks aro growling about. Australians aro not among tho lightest taxed oeoples in the world. N.S. Welsh men were so up to 1901, when, on the necessaries of life, practically no imposts were paid, except a trifle on sugar and tea. When, as now, everybody who has tho misfortune to be under the Common wealth is taxed on nearly everything ho uses, ' tho assertion is absolutely untrue. Australians aro not yet among the heaviest-taxed peoples In the world, but they are marching, fast towards a position in tho ranks of tho heaviest- taxed people:;. The expenditure on the services taken over by* the Commonwealth has risen by over 78 per cent, since 1900-1 (six months under States, six months under Federa tion), and by &0 per cent, since tho first complete year under aji Australian Go vernment. And, judging by the language ? of the Acting- Premier, so far from our having any cause ot complaint, we ought to fall on our knees and thank him and his colleagues that we don't havo to pay ?twice as much. Government taxation per head Is rather higher in the United Kingdom than In tho Commonwealth, and local burdens are heavy but If the cost of the Army and Navy which makes up nearly one-half of the Imperial expenditure, bo deducted, the average home Briton pays less for being governed than tho Australian. Govern ment and State taxation are lower In Ger many than. In the Commonwealth, notwith standing, as In the case of tho Old Coun try, tho great outlay on offence and de fence. Government and State taxation 13 very much lower in the United State? than iu tho Commonwealth, though every American pays nearly 12/ a head for de tenco. besides about 7/ for war pensions.. This list could be much further extend ed. For example, the Swedish Govern ment only taxes £6,670,000 out of 5,250,000 peoplo, or £1 5/ per head ; the Norwe gian, less than £3,000,000 out of 2,250,000, or £1 6/8 per head ; and the Danish, £3,850,000 out of 2,500.000, or under £1 11/' per head. Sufficient examples havo. however, been cited to show that as «v-rmich Customs and ExclBe the Federal Government alone last year squeezed £9,648,662 out of 4,100,000 peoplo, or £2 8s per head, and this year, with the help of tho new Tariff, hopes to extract £10,509,200 from us, or £2 10/4 per head, to which must bo added tho Stato direct Taxation, Mr. Watson's allegation Is wholly mislead ing. No doubt, howover, it was good enough' for his auditors to swallow. Fede ral M.'sP. are not likely to scrutlnlso closely any statement tending to show that Australians are very well ablo to pay the Increased salaries. — ONE WHO PAYS. ? ? Series- of Pictures of , Beautiful Actresses to be given away with 'The Arrow.' Printed on special art paper for framing. Also, to precede this series, a splendid picture in colors, 'After the Ball.' One of the best gift pictures ever, issued. Ask ''your news agent to supply, you with 'The Arrow' regularly. Aro you in tho 'Arron'- group? If not, you may bo In the next. 