N'OTI.N ANIU EVENTS.V Splendid rain has fallen in this dis trict daring the past few days, 87 points having been registered atn the Colue post offico up till 9 o'clock yes terday i morning. -Iavy, rain , has fallen since. The Farmers Classes will commence in the Oddfellows' Hall, Colac, on Monday next, 27th inst., at 1 p.m., and continue for eight days, closing on the 5th June. The syllabus of lec tures, time table, 'fc., mny hbe obtain ed on application to the secretary of the P. and A. Sccicty, Mr C. HI. John stono. At a irooting o! ;the Executiye Coun cil yesterday, this (1Wednesday) after noon was granted a public half-holi day, in order to give school children an opportunity of attending the com petitions. The Srate Government recently de cidod that in the bill to be introduced into Parliament next session to autho rise the Western district scheme, a provision is to be inserted that all lands not resumed by the Government are to iave the betterment principle applied to them and will have to pay a substantial contribution towards the cost of tlhe railnay, in proportion to their distance front it. At the moot ing of the Colac Shire Council on Monday, Cr Baker protested against the threat made by the Cabinet of in flicting penalties on landowners for cutting up their land. The settlement by the Uovernmeut was a failure every where, whilst settlement by private vendors was a success. This was be cause Government settlers bud no title to enable them to prosper; they could get no credit, "and could not finish .their improvements.. They had to remain on the land as mere slaves. The sctlers on land thrown open by private people were all prospering. Settlers in the Beech Forest were mere ly white slaves. "'Peaioct' Sep?t-tors. - Statistips from lienmark show that during 1906 about six "Perfects" were locally in stalled to ever one of all other makes. This separator therefore is rapidly driving' all competitors from the Danish market, and this pronounc ed verdict of the world's loading dairy, mnn is indisputable evidence of the merits of the ''erect" over all other separators. In open competition against the world. the '"Perfect" sepa rators and "'erfect" churns were awarded first prizi at the. Queenstown Agricultural Show Cape Colony, last January. The "Perfects" range in size from 13 to 451: gallons per hour, and are made for hand, belt or tur bine. The Victorian agents, lolden son and Neilson, have erected turbine plants en a large nunilbr of farms, in cluding those of J. B. Davis and Son, Werribee; T. H. Wilson, Esldalc'; R. Fountain, Gelliondalo; .and Land Bros., Cudgewa, and invite farmers to write to these dairymen for confirmation of the highly satisfactory work being done by these piants. Large orders for "Periects" of all sizes are in hand for the coming scason.-(Advt..) The Colac Board of Advice held a meeting on Friday evening, and de cided to have a small demonstration for the children attending the Colac and Elliimnyt State schools in the Gardens on Friday next. The chil dren will meet at the intersection of Gellibrand and Murray streets, and march to the Gardens, arriving at about 2 p.m. Songs, recitations, &c.;, lill be rendered, and the Revs. M'Ken zie, Beveridge and Mathieson, and the President of tha Shire, will be asked to attend and deliver addresses. The Colac Brass Band will be invited to play. All children are invited to at tend. Milking Machines.-A. Buyer's Best Guide.-The best investments are the best articles, and the surest way to get the best articles is to Buy only what ias stood the test of time, and still stands first-in the public uppro cintion. With the great labor-sav ing invention, the milking machine, it is only the "L-K.--G." that can boast this proud position, so it is the ma chine to buy. Five years' practichl use have made it. five tiues more popular; and so highly is it appreciat ad by. dairymen that; to-day there are hundroJs in- use throughout Austra lasia, ard orders low in daily in large numbers. The mcral is: If you want an "L.-K.-G.," order at once, so that you may have it erected in time for the coming season's milking. Don't forget that the "L.-K..G." machine takes comfort as well as profit to the farm, and is testified to as an alsolute sucCces by the users-T. G. Trewin and .1. R. Edgar, agents, Colac.-(Advt.) Bishop Higgins, of Ballarat, who is visiting the Hamilton district, was seized with sudden indisposition on Sunday. He conducted services at 8 a.m. and 11 a.m. at St. Mary's Church, and was to have offi ciated at a confirmation service in the afternoon, but at two o'clock Father Shan nahan went to His Lordship's room at the Presbytery, and, failing to receive an an swer to his knocks, entered and found the bishop unconsecious. Dr Laidlaw was called in, and, in consultation with Dr Hughston, found the Bishop had a fit of dizziness, tollowed by unconsciousness. On Sunday evening he lihad improved, but will have to remain quiet for at least a week. About 100 candidates were present for confirma tion, and it was announced that the cere mony would have to be postponed. Some of the candidates had come nearly 30 miles in heavy rain. The publicity which has been given to the utilisation of the Portland heath lands has attracted several Mallee farmers to Portland with a view of settling there Mr Hamilton Alien, of Beulah. has bought several heat h prpsrtiei, including Barshy Park and Gibson's tarm. The Mallee rol !er and the stump-jump plough are now largely used in clearing scrub lands, and very shortly a large tract of hitherto waste country will be under cultivation. The amount received by the various rid ings of the shire as their proportion of the revenue received by the Government from unused roads in the shire is as follows: Benac riding, 111 Gos lCd; Woering, £19 Os 9d; Corangamite, £3 14s ld. There have at various times been com e plaints made in reference to people remov ing material from roads in the shire. Cr " M Eenzie, speaking at the Coluo Shire i Council meeting on Monday, said that he a had seen a tertain individual taking ma- c terial from a road in Weering. Some dis- I r cussion took place, the general opinion of I councillors being that prosecutions should be institiuted against any persons found I removing material from the roads. 1 At the meeting of the Colao Shire Coun cil on Monday, a letter was received from Mr H. Haywarrrd, secretary Colac Free Lib rary, directing the attention of the council i to the mischief caused by wandering cattle. The footpaths near the library were frequently sn a dirty state from the droppings, while cattle clambered over the i new chain fence round the library, causing i damage to it. The inspector pointed out that cattle were able to get through the 1 chain fence at the library. Cr Fulton suggested that the regulations be revised so as to prohibit stock being allowed with in a certain part of the town area. 'They had reached a stage when they should make owners of cattle responsible for them wandering in certain streets. The library committee should nrever hrave erected such a fence. Cr Balker could not understand how sensible men could think of erecting such a fence. Cr Tulloh observed that the fence was not a fence within the meaning of the Act. It was decided that the secre tary of the library be informed that tihe council was unaorble to do anything in the matter; but that tihe inspector would be instructed to keep cattle olff the streets be tween sunset and sunrise. Parcels are lying at the local railway station awaisting delivery to the following: \--Harwood and Pincott, MIais, Cowley, Jacobs, Clarke, Gray, Stophons, Peters and Co,, Taylor, Sim, Richard, Butt and Carr, Kennedy, Murray, Wheeler, Greenhill, Edgar, Maxfield, Spendlove, Ikin, Belyea, Neale, and Northicott. Under the Pure Foods Act the munici pal councils are expecteod to forward samples of food to the Government Ana lyst. This is being done by the Colac Shire Council. At the meeting on Monday. the inspector, Mr A. E. M'Cure, reported that he had sent samples, obtained from local storekeepers, of tea, oatmeal, mus tard and baking powder, aind in each case the report of the analysis was most satis flactory. At the Colac Police Court yesterday morning, before Mr J. F. Parkinson, J.P., two men, John IHaughiey and Francis Cerenzo, were fined 5serach for being drunk and disorderly in a public place. The question of noxious weeds was re ferred to at the council meeting on Mon day, when Cr M'Lennsn said ibe had noticed some sweet briar, Bathurst burr and furze in various prarts of the shire. He I considered the inspector should be more stringent. It was of no use telling people Sthat they must destroy noxious weeds. I Prosecutions should he instituted against all who neglected to take proper mea sures. The inspector explainued thrat ihe had served notices where hIe found furze and briars. He was already tarking action in reference to thistles. Ho did not think lie could be more stringent than he had been. t The Camperdown Progress Association has given support to the Willaura Associa rtion in protesting against land being re t served for British immigrants not on the way, when local farmers are unsupplied. 0 The fortnightly meeting of the A N.A. will be held this evening, when the elec Stion of ollicers for the ensuing half-year w' will take place. A large attendance is re t quested. 