AR R??l AR OBERTSON'S MEET ING. -Gb SI: PRITED- SPEECH, CORnTAL "-- IECEPTION, AND VOTE OF CONFI : DENCE CARRnIED UNANIMOUSLY. O Monday evening there was a good attendance in the Mechanics' Institihte, Bacchus Marsh. Cr. Bourke, President ,?:Vih Shire, took the chair, andl said be Sw not going to trespass by putting his views before them. They uinder stood the position. The State Parliament had died by effluxion of time. In this electorate of Bulla there was to be a contest, and their respected member, Mr. Robertson, was a candidate. When Isr. Robertson had finished his address, l would answer questions. Mr. Robertson said he was indebted to the President for kind introduction. HiIe stood now, as he did befbre as an independent supporter of the Bent .Government. Mr. Bent had soon proved to be a bold and progressive leader. He .eas the samne to Victoria that the late MI?. Seddon was to New Zealand. The independent position which the electors had given him (Robertson) was very valuable. He had differed with Mr. Bent on two points. One was the separaterepresentation of publicservants. T'he other the referendum. He had pleasure in saying that he had no little influence in getting separate represents tion done away with. He still objected to( any referendum on, the Elucation Act. The BantGovernment had pa'sed 178S Acts at 208 sittings. Had there fore not been lazy. The Closer Settlement Act he took deeji interest in. Then the Small Hold Sings Bill would help to transfer town people to the country. The Government intend to provide instruction and mone tare assistance. This was humane and sensible, and he hoped it would turn -oiit well. The Water Conservation was most important. He stood alone in support ing that measure as a representative of Southern electorates. He was deter mined to avoid further writing off of interest and loans. There was uni formity of management needed, and the .§,ate had to be a riparian owner as well as other landowners. He, as a land owner, had not abandoned any legitim ate riparian rights. The State merely took charge of all individual riparian righ:s to see that all got their legitim ate dues. HIis action had largely induced tihe Minister to advance money for Be!lanee. The House was inclined to bi against the Water Bill, but his support as a landowner had a good deal to do with passing it. As to the Dairy Bill, he desired to ,have Government influence and assist ance in all agricultural mat'ers. He ,fought against the Health Department 'having supreme power. Pure milk was most important to preserve infant life, and .he looked to the Aricultural ,Department to provide it, and not the "?Iealth. Department. He wanted the ?farmers to send best milk to the factor se, so that the Danish competition could be combatted. The freight on ..£70,003 worth of dairy products had been reduced from £7 to £3110/ by Mr. ,Swinburne. There was no danger to tilhe dairy interests under the Dairy Act. No Government could injlre an indus try that had done so much for Victoria. As t> manures, they must be of standard value, and the Government had effected that very boldly. The analyses were published, and this kept the vendors up to a high standard. The Pure Foods Act was another ne'cessarv measure. It was a protection -to the producer as well as to the con Aunier.- Pure fruit had now to be used in order that it could be pure jam when sold. lIe had assisted to stop juvenile smoking. Also to pass the Widow's and Children's Act, whiengave them sustenance, as against the power of the rhusband and father to will everything away. Under the Licensing Act the hotel calling was protected more than in any other State. The licensee was now entitled to a renewal it he complied with -ceirtain conditions. At first he thought t he Government should close some hotels. lie was on a commissi?on on this subject, and went to Bendigo, where there were 200 hotels, and statutory number was '90. The surplus wasin remotedeserted places, and every efifort should"he made to do away with useless houses. A Board would be appointed to classify and close hotels. A fee of 3 iper cent. ,,op liquor sold by publicans would be ..tiketi to pay expenses. After 10 years losal option woull prevail with compen sation. (Will it improve the quality of the beer ? ,Chairman: We will have the question later on.) The Act was sound in the principal parts, but he was willingtocarefullvycosider amendments. The Gaming Act was also a fair and 'ro;sonable measure, if properly adminis fteroed. Ample powers were necessary in order'that discretionary Bxbrcii' of them could-be carried out. Our reventie hiid inCreased by £500,000, and reproductive expenses by £?300,000, and it had been wisely spent. The total surpluses of recent years were £600,000. I' was necessary to have a man of Mr. Bent's buoyancy to repel the decadence of our own self-confidence. He relieved the stagnation of the build ing trade. He put up Flinders street station. He also assisted the country districts. Spent a good deal on State schools. No loans raised. He had put the railway lines and the rollling stock in good order. He restored to the licensint fund £20,000; and spent £493,000 on works that had been neglected. He had therefore some justification for supporting Mr. Bent. Mr. Bent had paid back large sums to the Trust finds. The population had increased by 29,000. Imports increased 41 per cent.; exports 47 per cent. Oversea exports 62 per cent. Stock, butter,, cheese, wheat, flour, increased 140 per cent. Our loans had been well handled. Mr. Irvine hal difficulty in placing a 5 million loan; in fact only 3Q was floated. Mr. Bent raised one million in Victoria and half a million in London. Instead of theinterest being paid to investors in London it was now paid to Melbourne investors. The total of such local transactions was nearly four millions. There was a greatsaving in interest, and in reflotation expenses. Victoria was the first Australian State that had effected this local borroring. Railways were in a flourishing con dition. The Commissioners, notwith standing carping criticisms, had done well. He had always received good treatment from them when he had a good case. There had been a fair reduction on wheat freight. He would like to see sound profits rather than have to go to the general taxpayer to make up losses. He did not know if the Darlsy rail way was ever coming; but there was a good scheme there to bring ill the North traffic to the North shore, and to settle a lot of country to the south of Bacchous Marsh. Holdings had increased by 8,000, and population by 12,000. lie would set the unemployed ring-barking, and clearing, near railways. He would then give the land to settlers, and charge fair value for the improvements. T'he man would thus become a user of the railways, and a customer to our manu facturers from the start. Estates bought to the value of £1,400,000 settled 6,265 persons. That was six times the size of Bacchus Marsh Shire. As to English immigrants he belleved in settling our own young fellows first. They know our climate and soil, and conditions generally. That was very important, as local knowledge was necessary. As to Exlord, it was rum oured that some was reserved for English immigrants, but he would not do a cruelty to them in putfing them on land and climate they did not understand. lie preferred sending them to the Western district, where Mr. Bent pro posed a railway. Then there were god Crown Lands in the cooler districts. Werribee Park, Overnewton, Arun del, and Exford bhad been bought, and there would he a big irrigation scheme for the lot. He did not agree altogether with the subdivision of Arundel and Overnewton estates. The Act was at fault, as it did not enable the Board to dispose of grazing rights. A man on a small area needed good land and cli mate. Under the amending Act the grazing land could be sold without resi dence conditions. He would sell these by public auction. The Rockbank sale showed the advantage of this. If the Board had to sell grazing land in £1,500 worth blocks starvation would be the result. As to Maddinglcy not being cut up into workmen's homes, it had beer done, and the results were very credit able. At Darley, with a water supply, good fruit could be grown. He was pleased to see the Goveyn ment proposing a working man policy. No class deserved better. The Bent Government had done more than any other Government had done. Before 1904 279 persons had been settled, and since then 500 bad been settled. If the Bent Government was supported it would not overlook what was due to the working classes. Good provision had been made bysettingaside £E250,000 for putting up residences according to the settler's requirements. That was safer than compelling a struggling man to erect expensive improvements, and it enabled him to get to work on the soil at once. The cost was spread over several years. Hie wished to be progressive, but on liberal lines. The Government was not opposed to compulsory purchase, but it had not seen the necessity of it. The New Zealand system was not to be compared with that of Victdria, ass a voluntary system. The holdings should be increased uip toa£3,000 worth. It did not follow there would be fewer settlers. It depended upon how the and was awarded. The sheep fallow ing system was an admirable one. He also tried to get water conserva tion for smnill estates. He had suc ceeded in this at Overnewton, where deeper bores were put down, which atruck good water. This was the ex perience in many places. He wanted the Closer Settlement Board to get an up-to-date plant for artesian water. Speaker Madden had got one of 35 tons weight, but he wanted something lighter. He hoped to see bores put down liberally. Recruiting for South Africa in Man chester showed 8,000 rejects out of 11,000 applicants. He thought the small hloldings principle in Victoria would improve the race. The Govern ment would provide the aids he had mentioned. As to the Ballanee reservoir he had nothing fresh to tell them, except that £60,000 was available. It was wel come news to him to find Pyke's creek available. The engineers proposed to enlarge Simmons Reef, he understood, and it could be done very cheaply. It was probable that many storages would be found. As to the education question he stood in the same position as he always had, and all his predecessors had. As a State school boy be stood by the Act. Liberal grants had been given, and nothing was more important than try ing to get the scholars to cultivate original thought. A good many im provemets were required in regard to buildinge. The University had re ceived £12,000 for agricultural ePca tion..There was much room for in struction there in regard to manage ment of stock. The Government had given opportunities to any child to go through to the University free, with the aid of scholarships. In regard to Scripture lessons in the State schools, he would be no party to interfering with free, secular, and com pulsory education. They had gone to a lot of expense in those schools, and if they crumbled to the ground who suf fered 1 They were open to clergymen to teach religion with reverence. It was not religious instruction if one teacher had to teach all creeds. The State must not look at any one section. He would listen to no referendum. He would follow his own judgement. Sun day schools had 213,880 scholars en rolled, and the State schools had 210,000. The State schools were avail able for religious teaching, but the State teachers were not available to im part it. The denominations must do that. As to the present land tax it was in equitable. It was placed on sheep value, instead of actual value. The tax was £4 £, £2, £1, and that was not range enough; the poorer land carried too much burden. He could not under stand an unimproved values tax. He did not believe in bursting up estates, although he approved of a progressive tax. He wished to hear fiurther on these questions. If an unimproved values tax was put on he would want a big exempition. Unimproved land values tax would be heavier than under the income tax. Mr. Prendergast pro posed a land tax of £4/3/4, in addition to £3/15/Shire tax. He approved of a tax on city lands. A property tax would be fairer than unimproved values. The Bent government intended to go in for more railways; the electrification of those near Melbourne; and more ex penditure on the Crown. lands. This district was interested in that, and he wanted advice in that respect, and would bring it before the authorities. The re- classification of Shires would be a tough battle. He wanted to get oversea markets as cheaply as possible. He was against woman suffrage, as they really did not want it. As to the charities, they were over lapping, and the cost of collecting was 40 to 50 per cent. of receipts. The Government was going to put a stop to that. As to preferential voting, he rather liked it, but wanted a free hand in details. Old age pensions were to be increased from 8/ to 10/. And yet the Bent party was called non-progressive, while he had only stated the big lines of its policy. He was in favour of as high pensions as the State treasury could afford. There should now be a contented civil service. He fought his leader on that question. The vote was never taken away constitutionally, as it had never been submitted to the electors. He claimed to have influenced Parliament to get that wrong repealed. He ap pealed forjustice on that question. The Government had rectified that wrong, and it would be a..bad day.-..;ot, if the Civil service declined now to sup j6iot tihe Gbierinmerit thit did justice quickly. I The free hand he had in Parliament gave him great power in all matters. He had eyes for all classes, including the workers, and he had been amongst, them all his life. i1e was not the smlec tion of any organisation, and he repre sented all classes.. Had he done any thing to destroy the confidence they placed in him at the beginning Had he not listened to anyone having a proper case? He had been their own selection at the start, and if he had done his duty they should support him now. Therefore he came before them with the greatest confidlence. His sup porters were somewhat apathetic, deem ing him safe; that was his danger. He felt he would get the support of every one here, but that was not sufficient. He wanted general organisation. (Ap plause.) In answer to a question--He had always opposed limited Sunday trading, as the hotelkeeper deserved his Sunday rest. It was an indoor occupation, and the family should get out on Sunday. Mr. Mark Kyle, J.P., said it would be generally admitted thlat Mr. Robert son had diligently looked after the interests of the whole electorate, and he had that general merit. They all liked Governiment grants, and Mir. Robertson had got. themn, but he had faithfully carried .out all his political pledges, and had voted for legislation for the general good. They should have no ihesitation as to how they should vote on 15th March. And he had a further claim in his opposition to altering the secular principle of our E:lnucation Act. The Act provided ample facility for entering the schools to impart religious instruction. Surely that should satisfy everybody. He would like Mr. Robert son to ascertain (when he was returned, as he would be) how few persons availed themselves of that power to enter the schools to impart dogmatic religion. He warned everyone not to look upon the re-election of Mr. Robertson as so cer tain as to render unnecessary any trouble on their part. If they did their duty there was no doubt of his re elec tion. He moved that Mr. Robertson is a fit and proper person to represent Bulla in Parliament. (Applause.) Cr. WV. Grant.seconded. Mr. Rob ertson had gained power in the House. He had been a success there, and that was very important. Mr. lM'Donald gave credit to Mr. Robertson for improving the Dairies Bill. He admitted that he had wrong fully opposed Mr. Robertson in respect to that and other things. Cr. Watson thought it a pity there was opposition to Mr. Robertson. If it were compulsory voting he was all right, but as most people were sure he was safe, many would stop at home on polling day, or go to a sale, or some thing of that kind. He wanted to know, what a Libour candidate was ? He Scalled them a grab-all candidate, but the man opposing Mr. R bertson could never win. Motion declared carried without a dissentient, and the Chairman said is gave him sincere pleasure to hand it to Mr. Robertson. Mr. Robertson said it surpassed his expectations. It was a grand start for him in his native place, and it would be a grand finish, too, with their help. With regard to what Mr. M'Donald said about the Dairy Bill, he had gotit under the Agricultural Department, and not under the Health Department. He had now to especially thank the President of the Shire for taking the chair, and he was known to be an ex cellent Chairman and Shire Councillor. Vote of thanks carried. 