-Siagar Industry.' ' Conference at Townsville ' jsihalatl»«- . TOWNSVILLE; ''March 1. ' The.; Sugar Confcrcnco was continued yesterday, but a few of. the delegates had left for . homo ''on the previous day; Mr; 'Clarke proposed,-/-". That this con- ference is entirely in favour of the scheme recently inaugurated by. the ' Immigration League of Queensland— namely, providing labour for youths ' Who - desire' to' go. through a course of i agricultural training , in general-field work, and that the federal authorities be requested not to allow the employment of such labour -to in any way - jeopardise the farmers' claims for the., bounty." . Mr. Horton seconded: IIo said if they Wanted --good labour, they /must look to the . sons of., farmers, -. ,'whom - tlicy could educate -in farm work. . '-: 1' The motion; ! after short discussion, was j carried. . '/ 1,; 1 ! Mr. Horton '. then1' moved,— " That in order . to expedite, 'mattcrsyas -much as ! possible.: and witlia view to' meeting "the very early demand, for labour which is! inevitable, the Premier, of Queensland ; he asked. ; to use; his- best endeavours, to ar range tliat .soine iimdigiants .sliall arrive here earlier than he now suggests/ and . that in . order to impiess ..upon him -.thc . absolute necessity -for endeavouring so to arrange; tho ' conference appoints a depu- I tation to wait upon the Premier, to place clearly before' liim the ' very great ' ur gency' of ..this matter also/ to try to secure his consent- to -a. contract work clause during 'harvesting operations'; and finally . to brjng-. -under iiis ;noticc..any other facts - which this . conference- ma v deem- necessary." - ' ' Mr,. Swa-yne seconded the motion, which, af.ter discussion, unanimously was agreed ' to. . ' .. ' . Mr. Payne proposed,—" That before the delegates from the sugar 'districts leave the conference, - the 'subject of the founda tion of a permanent organisation- be dis; cussed." Mr. Canny seconded the motion and it was carried, ,. , Mr. :Canny' -proposed,— " That a sub committee, consisting of Mcssis. Swaync Munro',; and the mover lie ' appointed in connection -witli the foregoing resolution to bring up a resolution later in tlfe iday. Mr. Anderson seconded, -and the motion was carried. ' Mr. Munro -aid they would require £150 ! for expenses, aiid he moved -that a call of £20 bq made . on each of the districts, Cairns, Mossmari, Johnstone River,- Lower Uurdcki-n, Herbert River, Mackay, and Bundabcrg. When formed the association .would make a levy of so much per ton, and that amount could lie refunded. Mr. Markwcll seconded, and the motion was carried. . . , . - Mr. Donnelly proposed that tlie Govern ment be thanked for allowing Dr. Max well and Mr. M'Gce' to attend tho con ference, and for giving such excellent as sistance. - Mr. Canny seconded, . anlri the motion was carried with, acclamation. ' Dr. Maxwell arid -.Mr. M'Gce suitably re sponded. ' Mr. Muiii'o suggested thev should write to the Premier asking that such corres pondence that- inigiit take- place between the' executive anil- himself 'be treated as urgent' and -riot departmental; This 'was .supported by riiot-ion'; wh'icli ivris seconded by Mr. ;Swayii6 and carried. ' At the afternoon session- it 'was pro posed "tifirt' a vote of thahks 'be teridercd 1 JJle president'.".'/ Mr.' Gibson .presented to .-Mr. Pntcliard a purse of ' sovereigns; which was suitably aelcnowlctlged. 'Mr. Canny presented . to the secretary (Mr. Marks) a- purse or sovereigns, in recogni tion of his servicfes. - -Mr. Payart propositi.— ' "That a OoWlial vote of thanks bis oasschl t>o the City Coun- cii for their kindness in : liaving granted the confcreno! the use of a. room;, and the facilitiini it hail afforded.'/' IMr. iTqwhscntU seconded: i, 'and' this was carried. -. „Mr. Gibson proposed, and Mr. N. P. Peterson seconded,— "That the Towns ville Chamber of Commerce bis authorised, to conduct nil correspondence and. nego tiations necessary to - give effect to the resolutions passed .'at this conference." I he motion was agreed to. Mr; Markwcll then proposed a vote of thanks' to the Press, anil spoke in very eulogistic terms of the servioes rendered. Mr. Donnelly seconded, and the motion was carried. , - , Mr. Sparn>, the Danish consul, ad dressed the meeting at sonic length ad vocating tlie claims of northern Europe. Mr. Martindale, la-liour a-nent, of Charters Towers, attended to .rerutc ccr- t-am allegations made against' him by Messrs.- Horton, Donnelly; and Crawford, to which those gentlemen replied, and the president declared the conference dis solved. 