. THE MURRAY WATERS. It is a step in advance that the Minis- ters representing the three States inter- ested in the control of the Murray waters have agreed upon a scheme for the divi- sion of the wealth which these waters contain. It must be remembered, how- ever, that the agreement of the Ministers does liot necessarily mean the settlement of the long-vexed question. The draft lilli has yet to be presented to the Par- liament of each State concerned, and possibly the Federal Parliament will de- sire to express its opinion on the subject. The history of old conferences on the subject is not exhilarating reading, and it is sufficient for present purposes to re- mind readers that the immediately pre- ceding conference broke down on two points- the tolls to he charged upon the river and the depth of water to be left for navigation purposes after the irriga- tion requirements had been satisfied. These two points have now been settled to the approval of the Ministers of the three States, and it remains to be seen whether the Parliaments which they lead will sanction the arrangement. The South Australian Parliament ought to ac- claim the agreement, seeing that it gives them what they have been demanding for years-an unquestioned right to suffi- cient water in the Murray for navigation purposes. The Victorian Parliament also should be pleased, inasmuch as there is sufficient water provided for irrigation purposes. New South Wales is in her accustomed position of feeding other States. By Imperial enactment "the whole watercourse of the river Murray, from Its source therein described to the eastern boundary of the colony of South Aus- tralia, is and shall be within the terri- tory of New South Wales." Ingenious lawyers have held that the "watercourse" means only the bed of the river, and that the water running over it is not included. The theory is untenable, but for peace sake and in order to, help forward the interests of the other States concerned New South Wales has always shown a readiness to yield her prerogative right to tho Murray waters. But < one thing must he insisted on. Whilst New South Wales is willing and ready to help Victoria in the irrigation of her lands and to so nrrange matters that South Australia can sall her boats on the river, she must not guarantee such a depth in the main river as shall in any season prevent our full use of not only the Murray but of its tributaries in New South Wales. This is all-important. The contribution of New South WaleB to the volume of the Murray, as compared with the Victorian contribution, works out at something like 71 per cent, in high year, G 3 per cent, in mean year, and 6 G per cent, in low years. On the principle that the man who pays the piper has the right to call the tune, the country which pro- vides most of the water in question should have tho decisive voice in saying how this water shall be used. New South Wales, however, In the interests of her sister States has to a certain ex- tent waived her rights. It will bo the business ot Parliament to consider how far the agreement made by the Ministors exceeds what might fairly be expected oUis ja this ílirecjtionv.^ArjiameníjKill. probably hold that New South Wales should have a preponderating influence on the-trust, and a corresponding right as to the disposition of the waters. This ÍB necessary if we are to have a propor- tionate use of the waters for irrigation purposes. Saturday's "Herald."-On account of the largo amount of advertising matter which has to bo dealt with for Saturday's iBsue of the "Herald," advertisers and agents aro re- quested to send in their advertisements ^as early as possible to-day, in order to facili- tate classification. \ Return of the Admiral.-H.M.S. Powerful, which has been absent from Sydney for several weeks, and has visited all the principal ports in New Zealand, will return to Sydney with his Excellency Vice-admiral Fawkes on board at an early hour this morning, and will moor in Farm Cove. The flagship, which sailed from" Auckland on Monday last, was last night in communication with Garden Island by wireless telegraphy, and from her position In the Tasman Sea sent the following mes- sage:-"Powerful arrives at 8 o'clock to-mor- row morning." Federal Property and Municipalities.-An im- portant point was brought under the notice of the Minister for Works yesterday by a de- putation from Paddington. The question was tho maintenance of Oxford-atroet, and it was pointed out that the council received no re- venue from a largo portion of one sido of the Btreet occupied by the barracks, tho property of tho Federal Government. It was statod that the Federal Goverñmont refused to pay even for the gaslights. Tho Minister ex- pressed the opinion that It was tho duty of the Federal Government to contribute to the maintenance of these roads. It was very severe on the State, ho said, if the Federal Govornment could come along and take over valuable properties, and refuse to contribute anything to the maintenance of the streets along the frontages. ' Proposed New Tramways.-The Standing Committee on Public Works yesterday carried a resolution affirming the expediency of con- structing the proposed electric tramway from Harris-street to Balmain, and recommending it as the first section of a tramllno from Bal- main to Sydney, via Glebe Island and Pyrmont bridges. The voting was:-Ayes: Messrs. Fnl llck, "W. F. Hurley, Flowers, and Edden. Noes: Messrs. J. Hurley, Robson, and Millard. An amendment was moved by Mr. Robson to tho effect that tho tramway should bo constructed provided the Uno was continued across tho Pyrmont Bridge into Market-street, but was lost on division as above. The committeo also affirmed that in thoir opinion it Is not expedient that the proposed electric tram- way from Drummoyne to Epping should bo carried out, but they recommended that for the present tho tram be extended from Drum- moyne to Hatton's Flat. In this matter tho division was five to two, the minority being Messrs. Flowers and Edden. Those members considered that tho tram should only be taken to Bridge-road, and they moved to that effect, but the amendment was rejected, on the same division. Ave to two. Boom Conditions on the North Coast.-The generous advertising the North Coast has re- ceived in recent years, followed by an exodus of some magnltudo from the South Coast and Upper Illawarra to the Northern Rivers, has created something approaching a boom in dairying and agricultural land in the northern part of tho State. Tho high prices ruling for deslrnble farms struck the Premier during his recent trip to the Clarence and tho Tweed. "I was speaking to some farmers about the prices paid for land," Mr. Carruthers said yes- terday. "I found land £30 an aero in parts o£ the Richmond district, up to £10 an acre in tho Kyogle district, and on the Clarence up to £60 an aero. I asked some of tho farmers who came from tho South Const If they could not get land cheaper on the South Coast. They replied "Yoi ' 'Is It as good?' I asked, and the reply was again 'Yes.* " The Premier naturally wanted to know why farm- ers loft the South Coast under such conditions, and tho reply ho received to an inquiry with the view of ascertaining the reason was rather striking. "We buy the rainfall hore," the farmers answered. "That remark sank deeply Into my mind," Mr. Carruthers said. "Thcro is no doubt about it, it IB the rainfall thoy buy. The annual rainfall on tho South Coast averages between 30 and 40 inches; on tho North Coast it is between BO and 60 inches." And tho 20 inches make all the difference. Dealing with the Debt.-The threat was maue by Sir John Forrest at tho Premiers' Confer- ence that if tho States did not agreo to tho transfer of the debts, the Federal Govornmoat could exercise its powers under tho Constitu- tion, and tako over about £203,000,000 worth, representing the dobt as it existed at the es- tablishment of the Commonwealth. There may bo ways of getting the debt safely out of the reach of the capacious maw ot the Fe- deral authorities, in spito of the power the Constitution gives it, though none has so far been found, if, indeed, looked for; but Mr. i Carruthers, the Stato Premier, has a schema which at first blush appoars to accomplish that process known as "dlBhing" the Federal Government in relation to a very large part of the dobt. "What I propose to do with our own stock," Mr. Carruthers said yesterday, "is to work out a scheme whereby we can partially hand over our railway dobt to tho, Railway Commissioners as a corporato body. The railway debt ought to bo managed apart from the State dobt. That scheme would relievo tho Stato to the extent of £50,000,000." Mr. Carruthers thinks the Water and Sowerage Board's debt of about £12,000,000, and tho Harbour Trust's dobt of about £5,000,000 might bo simllnrly disposed of, so that be- tween £60,000,000 and £70,000,000 in all would bo provided for better than by a transfer to tho Commonwealth. "Although I don't com- mit myself to a Bchomo of that kind," Mr. Carruthors added, "I say it is just as worthy of consideration as tho one to hand over the dobt to tho Commonwealth nt this juncture. It may bo that my schemo is faulty, but it wants investigation, Just ns Sir John For- rest's "schemo wants investigation." When tho Commonwealth pays us what is owing for transferred properties-about £4,000,000-that will mako tho amount up to £71,000,000, out of our £80,000,000 debt, and it leaves tho Stato debt for Governmental purposes vory low In- deed." i Stato and Federal Stocks.-Roforring yester- day to Sir John Forrest's comparison betwen tho prices of New South Wales and Canadian stocks and Importai Consols, tho Stato Pre- mier said that within the past six years New South Wales stocks had been quoted at highor values than Canadian stocks. Any compari- son with Imperial Consols was not fair, th<3 Prcmior addod, bocauso thoy had tho whola of tho trust funds behind them, such funds being vory largely invosted in Consols. Ho ropoatod that both Now South Wales and Western Australia had BulTored whon float- ing loans about threo years ago owing to tli» intorforenco of tho Fodoral Government'in tho question of tho employment of Cbineso on the Rand, and ho asked, if such action re- sulted In the "pilling" of Stato loans, how much greater would bo tho "pilling" of loans placed by the Government committing aclB which irritated tho British moneylender. "Looking at tho experiences of tho past live years;" Mr. Carruthors added, "I am satisfied that tho Commonwealth would get worn« terms on the London market than Now South Wales would." Queensland's Differential Rates.—The atti- tude of the Queensland Government in declin- ing to depart from the system of differential railway freights is likely to lead to a request for Federal interference, and may be the means of bringing the interstate Commission into being in terms of the Commonwealth Constitution. The Chief Railway Commissioner of New South Wales, Mr. Johnson, during his recent visit to Newcastle, saw Mr. Thal- lon, the Queensland Commissioner for Rail- ways, but nothing resulted. Mr. Thallon took the stand that Queensland was going to ad- here to the rates which were objected to, and which he admitted were preferential, in order to prevent trade flowing into New South Wales. Referring to the matter yesterday, the Premier said:-"We have abolished our preferential rates in deference to Victoria and South Australia, and are merely asking Queensland to do the same. I tried to bring the matter before the Premiers' Conference, and asked Sir John Forrost. Acting Prime Minister, to mediate. Mr. Kidston, the Queensland Premier, however, objected to me going to Sir John Forrest, and said the ques- tion ought to be discussed between the two States interested. I had the matter on the business paper, and waited for the confer- ence to discuss it. I had previously brought it up, but Mr. Kidston, who had the short- hand notes of my interview with Sir John Forrest, has made no offer to me. I am wait- ing now for Queensland to say that it is will- ing to come to terms. If Queensland won't come to terms, or make some offer, I will be bound to refer the question to the Fede- ral authorities for action, much against my will. It only requires that Queensland shall fall into line with the other States and obey the Constitution." Mr. Carruthers added that South Australia had a similar grievance against Queensland. Great Visitation of Tunnies.—On Wednesday the Goldsmith Brothers, of La Perouse, en- countered a great shoal of southern tunnies (Germo M'Coyi) near Jibbon Reef, at the southern entrance to Port Hacking. They har- pooned one specimen which was sent yester- day to the Fisheries Department. The fish was a magnificent one, measuring five feet in length, and weighed a little over 130lb. The sea was alive with the immense fish, which were apparently hunting other fish for food. The existence of these giant tunny along the coast has only rarely been recorded. They are known to be plentiful in the North Paci- fic, but the shoal observed at Jibbon is the first record of them close to the coast in large numbers. As food ther are not of much value, but from a sporting point of view they are very desirable dwellers in our sea. They are allied to the tunny of the Medi- terranean, and belong to the same large family as the leaping tuna of Santa Catalina, off the Californian coast. The bonito and albacore are species in the same natural group. Both varieties are occasionally caught here, some bonito being recently taken in the narrow deep strait at the Spit, Middle Harbour. It is quite possible that the tunny, aided by the southerly which blew yesterday, may be driven as far north as Sydney Har- bour, in which case anglers may get a plea- sant surprise at North Head and at Black- wall, Middle Harbour. The tunny is one of the gamest fish that swims. The specimen caught was sent to the Museum, so that a cast of it might be secured. The Brisbane Intrigue.—The State Premier, Mr. Carruthers, made a further brief state- ment yesterday in relation to the Brisbane intrigue when an attempt was made to re- verse the decision of the Premiers' Conference respecting the transfer of State debts to the Commonwealth. Mr. Carruthers said Sir John Forrest, the Acting Prime Minister, had writ- ten to him stating that there was no manoeuv- ring on his part to get the vote on the debts question altered. "And he has further inti- mated," Mr. Carruthers proceeded, "that he wrote and told me that Western Australia and Tasmania intended to vote for the reopen- ing of the debts question. Of course, if he had written to me and told me that it would have put a very different complexion on the matter; but I have looked at his letter, and there is nothing in it to that effect. I ascer- tained by conversations with delegates that efforts had been made to induce Western Aus- tralia to alter the decision. I am not at liberty to say anything further than that." Beautiful Brisbane.-Some months ago tho State Premier, Mr. Carruthers, had occasion to visit Melbourne, and tho fact was forced upon him that lu tho matter of artificial adornment Sydney wns sadly neglected lu comparison with Melbourno. Now Mr. Car- ruthers is back ffom BrlBhano full of "regrets that Sydney is less beuatiful than the capital of the northern State. "In Brisbane," he said yestordny, "thero aro the same evidences of municipal progress that I saw in Mel- bourne; not lo such an extent, perhaps, but every llttlo reserve In tho city and around the public buildings Is bettor cared for than is the caso in our city. It only Bhows mo the nccosslty of Sydney, with its narrow old fashioned streets, taking advantago of every llttlo piece of spare land to beautify it, not with an iron fenco, but with a little garden." No-llcenso Campaign.-The N.S.W. Alliance Is evidently intending to make a big effort, under tho locnl option provisions of the new Liquor Act, to secure a majority of the coming elections in favour of no-llconse, or a reduc- tion In the number of llconsod houses. A demonstration towards this end, called a "No llconso Rally," wns held at the Town Hall last night, thoro being a very large audience. Tho President of the Alliance (Rev. Canon Boyce) said tho watchwords for tho campaign would bo "Unity, energy, fidelity, and victory." Thoro was hope all along the Uno, it those who woro on their sido would only do their duty at the ballot-box. Sir F. W. Holder (tho Spoakor of tho Houso of Representatives) re- ferred to tho things which made for civilisa- tion, such as religious movemonts, charities, oducation, amusements, arts, posts and tele- graphs, books and newspapers, and stated that tho cost of all those thing3 was £3 12s 2d per head, while the cost of the drink traf- fic was £3 12s 7d per head. Mr. W. H. Jud kins, of Melbourne, who had a good eleni of interruption, compared the drink traffic to "a hideous monster, whoso path wns marked by mangled victims." It spolt death and ruin to any nation. The liquor trade, ho had been Informed, was securing financial help from tho old country, and ho appealed to those who favoured morality and tho reform of the so- cial conditions to voto straight out for no license. Mr. F. M. B. FIshor, M.H.R., of Now Zealand, roforred to the success of tho no liccnso campaign in his country. Tho Rev. R. B. S. Hammond stated that if the bars could bo closed tho police would have to look for other employment, to which an in terjector suggested that they might become parsons. Tho Water Hyacinth.-To seo groat masses of vogotatlon floating down the Brisbane River, which onco was a beautifully clear stream, aroused tho curiosity of Mr. Car- ruthers during his recont visit to tho Queens lend capital. ' Ho fouud on inquiry that the foreign matter consisted of detachments of that post, the water hyacinth, cut free from the upper reaches of 'the stroam to keep the waterway clear. The Promler was aware at the timo that tho water hyacinth has become troublo somo on somo of the rivers of Northern Now South Wales, and what ho saw In the Brls bano River was therefore somewhat of an objoct lesson and à warning. "Thoro woro Immonso areas of wood," Mr. Carruthers said yesterday. "Ono can havo no conception unless one sees it. Wo havo tho same plague on the Clarence River and on one or two crooks, and also on the Tweed River. Wo will havo to do something to chock its spread, for already in some of tho stroamB tho water is entirely overgrown, and unless action is taken the watorways will bo complotoly blocked up. The situation is llkoly to becomo serious unloss the local bodies tako early action." Isolation of Now South Wales.-Recent events appoar to indicate that New South Wales is rapidly drifting to a position of "splendid isolation" amor-gst tho States of the Commonwealth. Tho Stato Premier, Mr. Carruthers, admits it, and ho says tboro is no doubt New South Wales had bottor realise that Bho has not many frionds. It is all on account of Fodoral affairs, mainly In relation to the Federal capital.- "Our great trouble undoubtedly 1B that wo fool thoro has boon a promissory not« dishonoured," Mr. Carruthers said yoBtcrday, referring to the unfriendliness exhibited towards this State. "That is the promiso to havo tho soat of the Fodoral Govornmont. iu this State. Every time wo ask that the noto bo honoured we aro simply laughed at. In Brisbane I tried to ascertain tho fooling of most of tho other Statos. The representativos of the Victorian Govornmont assured mo, and I think thoy aro slneore, that Victoria doeB not doslro to koop tho capital in Melbourne. Victorians aro anxious that the Fodoral capital should bo on a site right on the Uno botween Sydnoy and Molbourno. That at all events Is tho feeling of the Victorian MInistorB. South Australia as far as I can eather from Its Govornmont has an idea that Now South Wales wants tho capital in Sydnoy, and thoro Is a fooling in that Stato against It bolng hero. Tas 'mania and Westorn Australia aro both against a bilah capital, bcoauso thoy say It will ab- sorb a lot of Fodoral revenuo which might othorwlso bo distributed as a surplus in which thoy would share. For thoir own rea spnft they; jtrs ia.iayyuc 9: "the SM>.K"."eitn.w remaining in Melbourno or being in Sydney. I pointed out that there wculd have to bo an amendment of tho Constitution to permit of such an arrangement; and ï said I did not think tho Sydney peoplo wero in favour of giving up their city as Federal territory, while it was hardly likely tho Federal Govern- ment would have the capital placed in a city unless it were made Federal territory. Wo have to foco this position," Mr. Carruthers said in conclusion, "that all the other States seem to be satisfied to allow the Federal capi- tal to remain . in Melbourne, because they Imagine it Is cheaper to keep It there, and they will get better returns." Dearth of Labour.-During his trip through the'North Coast districts the Premier was much impressed by the evidences of a serious dearth of labour for the agricultural industry. Between Raleigh and Coffs Harbour Mr. Car- ruthers had the motor car drawn up along- side a farm, whero ho saw somo men at wok felling the dense brush, and getting the land ready for pastures and crops. Ho Baw amongst the men engaged a couple of Hindoos, and Inquired of the farmer the reason. "We are jolly glad to got Hindoos or anyone else to do the' work," the farmer replied. "Wo aro licked for labour hore." This particular holding belonged to what tho Premier doscribed as two strapping young fellows "Uko you soo about Sydney playing foot- ball," and they assured him that, they could employ plenty of labour if they could get it. At Coffs Harbour Mr. Carruthers found the same conditions existing. All the immigrants sent up had boon readily absorbed, although somo complaint was heard that many of the new arrivals were not skilled bush labourers. On tho Clarence everybody available right down to the black gins, and including tho wives and daughters _oi the farmers, were employed pulling corn. All along tho Clar- ence the cry was for moro workers, and the domand remained un3atlslled. In Brisbane Mr. Carruthers mot -Mr. Anderson, Director of the Intelligence Bureau, who informed him that any amount o£ labour was being sent to the North Coast. Some of tho farmers, ho added, wanted mon a little bit too cheap. Most of them offorod £1 a week and "keop," bul some wanted to get good strong boys and young men at 12s per week and keep; "and," the Premier ndded, "if a man is worth his salt ho is worth more than that." Recent Rains ond Stock Values.-The recent rains and more hopeful weather conditions, with prospects of lighter supplies, have had the offoct of raising stock values at the Homo bush markets. At tho sales yesterday al! classes. of stock wore dearer. During the droughty time, prevailing of lato in the south and south-west of this State, supplies, especi- ally of good useful Bhcop for local require- ments, were heavy, and Bold at rates that were not too pleasing to stockownorB. Yesterday tbo position was revorscd, and all classes of sheep, lambs, and cattlo wero being quitted in sellers' favour; in fact, in one or two in- stances almost record prices wore realised. There Was a draft of 560 very primo merino owes, consigned by Mr. II. E. Kater, that realised to 20s Id, and averaged 17s 9d per held. There was nothing very exceptional in quality in tho cattlo section, but in the lambs five trucks of Shropshire cross, consigned by Mr. J. M'Donald, realised an average of 16s 7d per head. These prices may not impress tho meat-consuming public, but they aro high for our marltot, and do not favour cheap mut- ton or lamb at the present time. Albatrosses in tho Harbour.-At last night's mooting of the Naturalists* Club Mr. L. Harri- son reported that a flock of black-browcd al batrossos of the variety known as'tho molly hawk had been about the harbour for about two months. It is sometimes said that tho.ie birds only como inshore jUBt prior to bad wou tlior, but this flock has not been the har- binger of any serious climatio dlBturbanet«! lately. The birds aro not prodaccous upon other hird», but food upon "whale-feed" and lioating vegetation and larval crustaceans.' A Simple Trout Hatchery-A trout hatchery which can be established easily and at small expense at any suitable country contre, where an adeouato supply of clear cold wnter is perpetually available has been designed by Mr. II. C. Dannevig (Superintendent of Fish- eries Investigations). The .hatching aeasou for trout extends from July to October in this country, but the difficulty most peoplo who caro to toke up pisciculture will experi- ence will no doubt bo tho procuring of ovu to start with. At present tho Stato has to import most of Its ova from New Zoaland, tho cost being about £1 per 1000. Tho under structure consists of two battens on supports. Zinc trays aro fixed on these, so that one ovorflows into anothor, and under tho last tray a shallow wooden trough is fixed so that the fry as they hatch out may swim into it. Thoro they must be kept until they have ab- sorbed tho umbilical sac, and aro roady to feed, when they havo to bo romovod to som s larger enclosure, or turned out in a stream. Each tray measures 4ft by lift, and is throe inches doop, and must be covered to oxclud.-». daylight, About six to ten thousand ova may bo dealt with in each tray on a gravel bed. Mr. Dannovig advises that tho apparatus should bo housed in a shed, and considers that the services of an experienced man should be secured for the first season's work. Dead eggs turn white, and havo to bo removed dally with a pneumatic tube. Tho skotch ac- companying tho Instructions is a practical one, and is drawn to scalo, and both may bo obtained from tho Fisheries Department. The English Mall.-Tho Orient-Royal Mall Company's R.M.S. Orotava arrived at Fre- mantle at 4.30 yesterday morning, and sailed again for Adolaldo at 12.55 p.m. Rho brings malls bearing the dato of London, May 10, which, it is anticipated, will reach Sydnoy in timo for dolivcry at about 1.30 on Wodncsday afternoon next. Under the auspices of the Sydney Ladies' Sanitary Atfeociation the second lecture of the winter courte will ha given this afternoon At the Town itali by Or. Constance Darcy, iato* of the lloyal Hospital for Women. 'Che subject of the lecture is "Some llcmartai on Food in llclation to Health." The Danish Club held a dinner at the Strand Cale on Wednesday, when about Du ladies and gentlemen were present. The chairman for the occasion was Herr Marckcr (the Danish Consul). The Norwegian Quartette rendered a programme of music. In tho account ot the Fresh Air League ball the name of Mrs. A. A, Cohen was misprinted as lira. A. A. Close. At the half-yearly meeting of the Amalgamated Hotel and Caterers' Mutual Benefit Association, held on Tuesday, the following ollleers were elected lor the ensuing six months:-President, Mr. Walter C, Still; vice-presidents, Messrs. Hy. Mitchell and 1". Paterson; treasurer, Mr. O. Lloyd and a committee of 15 mem- bers. Mr. Low, the general secretary of the U.L.V.A., was introduced. He explained to the meeting that his committee tendered to the association an invita- tion to Bclect two delegates on the committee ot the Liouor Trades Defence Union in the interest of the trade generally. Mr. Walter O. Still and Mr. Frauds Hardy were elected to HU the positions. In view of the fact that a ver)- largu number of re- patriated Australians aro expected to« reach Sydney from South Africa by tho steamers Cycle and the Hy mcttiis within a few days, it is desired that country employers of all dusses who have openings for em- ployes should communicate ut once with the Director of Labour, Sydney, who will make» ii carelul selection of applicants, and will despatch them to the country by rail or Bteamcr ut the earliest opportunity. No dilBculty was experienced in placing those who arrived by the Atlantic last week, and results show that great many of them were in every way satisfactory. Au the result of a resolution recently passed by the City Council, on Hie motion ot Alderman Cocks, In reference to the registration of motor cars, the Town Clerk has received i communication from the Acting Under-Secretiiry for Finance and Trade, intimating that n bill to provide for the registration of motor ra mid their drivers, as well as for tho numbering ". cars for identification purposes, has been prepared and will bo submitted to Parliament in due course. Tlie month of May WIIB a busy one for the Civil Ambulance Brigade. At the meeting held hist night a report waa submitted showing that during the month the transport corps had attended a total of 301 cuses, which entailed the travelling of no less than 1358 miles. "A Cyclist" considers that dogs should not be al- lowed to run loose in the city, as they are a mennce to eycllBts, who arc liable to serious falls when rushed at by "yelping cum" _ 