CURBE1TT EVENTS. More copper discoveries at Coff's Har bor. . The Transvaal is organising agricultural co-operation on Danish lines. Mr. Alfred Deakm, greatly improved in health, has returned to Melbourne. Mr. L/T. Lloyd,-official assignee, died last- Saturday in Sydney. - Aid. S. E. Lees, ex- May or of; Sydney, has been visiting tii8 . Clarence River dis tricts. . . r - .. . . New South Wale9 won the Empire pos tal rifle match, scoring 900. points, against Great Britain's 836. ; Last Monday was observed a close boli- dny throughout" Queensland as, Friendly Societies Day. ' /' Mr. J. H. Mann, of tbe State Survey Department, died on Saturday. Deceased was the sole survivor of the ill-fated ex- dedition of Dr. Leichhardt. Byron Shire Council has struck a rate of 143 in the £, which with certain erant9, will give estimated annual revenue of £11,57 5s. -The engineer's estimate of the expenditure of the Shire for the year- is roughly £10,673. The Fresh Fish Company proposes- lo start business iivlluka this week, as a re sult of which quite a revolution is ex pected in the fishing industry. A few hours before his death, the Rev. ' Harold Pullraann, an American cleray- n|j4 years of age, finished reading . the , Hpthrough for the sixty-eighthlinier. ' A. large number of people have inspected tfiiDorriao lands .which are to.be.; made available for selection to-day. 1(1 Brisbane newsagent has been com-# milted for trial on a charge of having ex posed for sale certain postcards of such a nature as to tend to corrupt public morals. For., fit and style Englert Bros., tailors, Lismore, are best-.® - : - . The steamer Ayrshire has arrived at Melbourne with 160 immigrants, most of whom are bound for New. South. Wales. \- London Socialists, .threaten to organise . a demonstration againsk'ihe Kaiaer when he visits England. #' # A Mrs. Irvine died while under chloro form, administered for the purpose of teeth extraction at a surgery in Perth, The Salvation Army- protests that .the charges of sweating and underselling made at the Trades'-Union Conference at Bath against the Army are misleading and reck- A South Coast farmer has purchased a Bangalow district dairymen's herd of 50 milkers at £11 per bead. , According to the Carcoar Pastures Board Inspector, there are now a number of rabbit farms m the district which give a belter return than crops. The Com ptroller-Gen era! of Prisons re ports that his department cost thetate. over £40,000 -less than it did llears ago. Last Monday, night when Mr. Pyers declared that Sir William Lyne was one of the " whitest" men in Australia, the.; large meetipe loudly applauded, showing .that. Sir the Tariff are not viewed in locally: nsVthe rabid JFre'etrade papers" would likeT . : . Mclntyre, who was the superintendent of awards at the Christcburch (N.Z.) Exhibition, pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to. account- for ; exhibition moneys and was-jAehtenced to four months im prisonment. Tbe lightness of the sen tence has caused surprise. It is reported that an effort will shortly be made to start a" co-operative butter company with factory at or near Tweed. Heads. At present cream . has to be con- t veyed to Murwillumbah and dairying i is "assuming large proportions on, the l lower river and on Terranora, Piccabeen, and Cobaki Creeps. A line of coaches will shortly run - from I the Dorrigo to Coif's Harbour. I The Dorrigo Shire Council .has decided to allow its maintenance men 'a whole,- ; holiday on Federal and State general election days on full pay/ k At Murwillumbah last Thursday morn- f ing the frost was exceptionally "severe; the. t theromometer registering 21deg. This is f the lowest reading this winter. The ex- cessive cold and continued drought are.do- I ing much damage. A 75a block in the Garvin estate,. Ban galow, has been Bold at £30 per acre. .. . k At Ravenswood (Q.) four shops were f destroyed last - Sunday night hy a fire | which originated in a Chinaman's shop. The Queensland National Bank narrowly escaped. ' . L For good second-hand Sulkies,- call on T. MorrLssey.— 0 # I In the northern parts . of New. gopth I \yales there are 81 blocks of land which I will be aailable on September 12. \ _ I ThnAnber of cadets in New South I WaljjttaAincreased in the last 12 months rby Ibe total now being 5666. I Major Dot?® states that applications for MpermissioiBto form corps have, been re- Keived frJBi all parts of the States. I Mr. Smilts, Minister for Mines in the \ Transvaal! speaking at Germiston,' said the Goveanment's policy is to" replace colored lwr inj.be mines and other, inr I dustrie«N ffy whiles. Good,. luck to the -Government I I Suits by Englert Bros,. Lismore are perfect In connection with the report of the finale of the Darley divorce suit in our wires of last issue, a printer's error crept in. What should have been " Captain" Darley was printed. as "Justice" Darley — a mistake we very much regret. Yery dry weather at Murwillumbah. Many householders are out of water, and the carters are supplying it from wells. . Obituary — On Saturday last at Lismore, Mr. John Nipperess, aged 65. Last Fri day night Mr. Archibald McDonald, aged 35, died in Lismore Hospital from, pneu monia. \- Special No- License services were preached in the churches in Casino last Sunday. The preachers eloquently ap pealed to the electors to vote in this direc tion on Tuesday. The congregation in each instance was large. During the last week the local interest in the contest for the Tenterfield seat has . been intense, < A Lismore paper is responsible for the following from its Grafton correspondent : — During theJveeka Queensland tick was picked up on tbe Graf ton-Casino train, being brought there- alive. It was desr- troy.ed, however, when it was realised th'at'.a person' having possession of same would be liable to a heavy penalty. Seven sailing vessels are chartered to load! timber on "the Clarence for New Zealand. , ' - Word has been received at Murwillum bah that no further proceedings will be -taken against ex-schoolteacher Mackay, whodjasibeen tried twice at-Lismore and the'jury failed to agree each time. The. Grafton Chamber of Commerce IkskvThursday night decided to prepare 24 views, and also specimens of district industries for iransmission to the Franco- British Exhibition in London next year The switching on of the electric light plant in Tam worth took place on Wednes day. The plant, is capable of an output of 5500 eight candle power lights.7 The following disbursements were made from the General Loan account daring August -Graf ton-Tweed railway, £10 ; North Coast railway, £949. Mr. T. R. Kearney, editor and proprietor of. the Armidale "Argus," died suddenly on Thursday at Armidale from internal hemorrhage. \ , Mr. Dixon Cooke's cattle from Eng., by 8.8. Durham, comprise a Sborthorn heifer, and a Guernsey bull, cow and heifer. The animals were selected by Mr. JohnKeddie, who speaks thus of the Shorthorn bull : " I . saw "his dam. a most perfect dairy Shorthorn in every respect; and of a good dark roan colour.'' Timber men in Sydney represented to Sir William Lyne that Australia is very short of timber. His reply was tL-at he knew, of a forest. reserve of 70,000 acres, absolutely untouched. Kauri pine costs" 21s 6d in Sydney ; Queensland pine 18s 6tl. But, say Sydney men, the latter is not obtainable ; others say it is/ Henry White, ex-solicitor, convicted last Saturday on a charge of forging a deed of mortgage, was sentenced to three years' imprisonment. \ < Fifteen people were>incinerated in a ! hotel.1 destroyed : hy. fire near Tarcoma, jyashington,- U.S.A. " '" The future member for Tenterfield should' see that an Inspector under the, Slaughtering and Diseased Animals Act is appointed for Casino and Kyogle districts; No officer" is more urgently required by the residents.: At a meeting , of women electors at Surry Hills an interjecting and fighting female bad to be escorted from the hall by a policeman. , . Mr. T. T. Ewing intends submitting to his Ministerial colleagues a scheme in the -direction -of- compulspry rqilitary train- ing. 77 , ! The Tweed Shire Council strqek a rate of ljd in the" £. : . The Secretary of State for . Yfar (.Hon; R.-B. Haldahej. speaking at;;Abernfctby, 1 defended the piirchaseof American horse shoes for the Army, a3- they were from 15 to 20 per cent, cheaper than the British /articles. America is Protectionist; Eng land Freetrade. I Major-General Hoad has left Melbourne for Sydney to make military inspections in New South Wales. Prior to leaving Tenterfield for another ' part of the district Mr. and Mrs. McKeri- han, senr., were entertained by the Pres byterian church members, and presented each with a handsome dressing case, suit ably inscribed. The tender has been accepted -for the construction of the cutting for Black's drain swamp drainage at Murwillumbabof G. Mann, Tweed River, at schedule rates, A candidate for Burwood says he hopes to make his election expenses in the courts on writs for libel. -The death is' announced of ex.police superintendent W. C. Casey, formerly "in spector of police in the Grafton district. Asked at Lismore last Monday if he was in favor of a railway from Tenterfieid to Byron Bay, Mr. Sheridan replied he was in favor of a railway from Casino to Drake, whether ho would be in favor , of the connection Drake to Tenterfield de pended upon th'e cost of construction. He was, however, in favor of the beat connection between the Table land and the coast in the north. The question he would have sent to tbe Works Committee was the best means to bring this about' . " 7 