i GENERAL INFORMATION MISCELLANEOUS. COIN (to 'Orb') : It is a Danish Krone, and Is equal to about Is l&d.; DEAN STANLEY (to 'A.M.M.,' Coogco) : Dean Stanley died In 1881. SOVEREIGNS (to 'Alexis,' Cooma) : So vereigns were first issued in 1817. ? OLDEST TOWN (to J. Charles) : Damas cus claims to be the oldest town in tho worm. x\o. FRANCO-PRUSSIAN WAR (to 'Projec- tile,' Newcastle) : The Franco- Prussian ?war commenced on. July 17, 1870. KENNINGTON OVAL (to 'L.B.W.,' Wa verley).: Tho first cricket match at Kennington Oval took placo in 1845. ~ CORONATION OF GEORGE IV. (to 'Rex,' Bunvood) : Tho coronation of George IV. was celebrated on July 19, 1821. STORMING' OF THE BASTILLE (to 'Tri- color,' Manly) : The storming of tho Bastille took place in 1789. ' GENERAL TOM THUMB (to. 'G.M.B.,' Marrickville) : General Tom Thumb, the famous dwarf, died in July, 1883. MARK TWAIN (to 'Reader,'! Marrick ville): Yes. the celebrated humorist waB early in lifo a Mississippi pilot. NANA SAHIB (to 'Mellow,' Woollahra) : Nana Salilb is supposed to have taken a prominent part in the Massaero of Cawn poro on July 15, 1857. SIR HENRY IRVING (to 'Footlights,' Bondi) : Sir Henry Irving's last perfor mance at the Lyceum Theatre was on July 19, 1902. ?BRITISH ' FORCES IN SOUTH AFRICA '(to 'Marrion,' Doublo Bay) : The Bri tish forces engaged in tho late war in South Africa numbered 380,577. WILL (to 'Wall Flower,' Liverpool) : Apply to the Registrar of Deeds, Lon don, and send 7s 6d, with full par ticulars. FAUSTUS (to 'E.B.' Redfern) : 'Dr. Faustus' was written by Christopher Marlowe, the English poet, not Goethe. (2) Will inquire. (3) No. ^ . 'AUTHOR (to 'Booker') : 'Lewis Car , roll,' the author of 'Alice in Wonder ! land,!' was the pen-name of Rev. C. ? Lutwidge Dodgson. (2) Any bookseller. TASMANIA (to 'Tourist') : Write to the Secretary, Northern Tasmania Tourist . Association, Launceston. (2) Tho Cataract Gorge. WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE (to 'Puzzled,' Woollahra): At tho 1905 New Zealand ; elections, of 212,876 qualified wpmcn 174,015 went to the poll. CHURCH (to 'Curious') : Tho largest Christian place of worship in the world is the church of St. Peter's, in Rome, ?which lias a, capacity for a congregation of 54,000. TOLL GATES (to 'Roundhead,' Parra matta): There are still 90 roads and bridges in England and Wales for the use of which tolls have to bo paid — 19 roads and 71 bridges. . BRITISH ADMIR2CL (to 'Jack Tar,' Dar ling Harbor): In the British Navy thero are five Admirals of Lhe Fleet, 11 Ad mirals, and 23 Vlce- Admirals, among tho last-named being the Prince of Wales. PANAMA CANAL (to 'Boona,' Waverley) :. The Panama route would not shorten tho distance between Sydney and Liver pool. Rather, the journey .. would be lengthened, tho figures being: via Suez, 12,234 miles; via Panama, 12,591. RABBIT TRAPPING (to 'J.M.,' Menangle) : Sydney dealers , say your best course is to go to either, of tho following places : ^Dubbo, Young, Tumut, Blaynoy, Narran dera. There are chilling factories at those places, and you could keep going throughout tho Summer. 'ARMY PURCHASE (to 'Subaltern,' Pad dington) : Army Purchase was abolished In 1871. Tho purchase of commissions Instituted by James II. grow to be a public scandal. At one time the sum of £400 was fixed for an ensign, and , £3500 for a colonel. The big berths in the army were thus only open to the richest men. REDFERN : 'K.B.' wants lo know if any , reader can inform her if any of tho descendants of William Lachlan Mac quarie Redfern are still resident in Sydney. Sho is a member of the Red fearn- (Redfern) family, Derbyshire. She adds in conclusion, that she recently found one branch of the family in Canada. ' THE POET LAUREATE (to 'Ovid,'. Stan more): Alfred Austin, Poet Laureate, was called to the bar at the ago of 22, but with no intention of practising. He soon wholly, abandoned the law for lite rature, and for many years was a con tributor to the 'Standard' and 'Quar- terly Review.' He is 71 years of ago, and succeeded Tennyson in 1896. QUOTATION : 'Delta' wants to know if any reader can inform him the name of tho author and where he can find the poem commencing : 'Shall I, wasting in despair, . , * Sigh becauso a woman's . fair ?' ' fcAMP GLASSES (to 'Housewife') : The reason a glass chimney makes such a1 difference to tho light given by a lamp i.' becauso it increases the supply of 'oxygen to tho flamo by producing a draught, and concentrates and reflects ?tho heat of tho flame, in consequence of ' which the combustion of the carbon is moro perfect, and very littlo escapes un consumed. EUROPEAN ARMIES (to 'Joe,' Darling Point) : 1. The strength of tho German army on a peace footing is 605,975. The ?war strength is not published, but' it is known to be about four millions of men, not including officers* 2. The French army on a peace footing consists ot 698,749 men (excluding a gendarmerie ? of 22,861 men). On a war footing the \- army could be raised to over 3,000,000 men. 3. The Russian army on a peace footing numbers 860,000 men ; on a war footing it is capablo of being raised to about 3,460,000 men. FOX SKIN : Will some kind reader give me a recipe to euro a fox skin ? — V.E.T. UORRIGO SUBDIVISION (to 'M„' Ade laide) : The second Dorrigo farm subdi vision was advertised in last issue. De tails appear in tho 'Gazette' only. DISTANCE (to 'Coalopolis,' North Syd ney): By tho most direct and passable road, the distance from Sydney G.P.O. to Newcastlo G.P.O. is 140 niiles; STARLINGS (to 'Mosman') : Don't lot them build in your house. They will All it up; with 'livo stock,' and you will have to move out. '? ADDRESS. — (To 'Farmer) : Your best plan would bo to write direct to tho people you mention, at 281 Pitt-street. They ?would give t'he information you require. HONORABLE (to 'F.A.,' Sydney) : ' Mr. Carruthers has had the ?title of 'Honor- able' permanently conferred upon him. If ho goes out of politics, ho still re tains the titlo. LANDS {to 'F.C.,' Tenterfield) : Mr. W. P. Crick was Minister for Lauds in tho See Government, from April 1, 1901,. to June 14, 1904, his successor being Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan. PRONUNCIATION (to 'Troubled,' Tweed Heads) : Don't wonder that you aro wor ried at the pronunciation of proper names ; so are thousands of others. An struther is pronounced Anstor ; Le Queux, Le Kew ; Mainwaring, Manner ing, and Cockburn, Coburn. VICTOR EMMANUEL III. (to 'Marero,' Bondi): The King of Italy succeeded to the throne in 1900 on tho assassination of his father, King Humbert. He mar ried in 1896 Princess Holeno, of Monte negro, and in 1904 , was born , an heir to the throne. The King is 37 years old. OCCUPATION (J.o 'Parent,' Newcastle) : You say you want your boy to be a soli-' citor, his mother is determined that ho shall be a doctor, and the boy wanes to bo an engineer. If he shows any natural aptitude for it, by all means let him be an engineer ; otherwise, you may be spoiling his future. SPEEDS (to 'Auto,' Bathurst) : The best way for us to answer the question is as follows : A motor car travelling at 120 miles an hour would cover a mile while a champion cyclist was travelling a quarter of a mile; a sprinter, le3s than 300 yards ; and a walker, about 130 yards ; while it would cover a distance equal to that between Sydney and Ka toomba in less timo than the avira-je man would walk a couple of miles. NAVY (to 'Tar,' Neutral Bay) : At the termination of his training the sai'.or enters the active fleet as Ordinary Sea man, and rises in time through the ratings of — Able Seaman ; Leading Sf*a man, badge on left arm, anchor ; Se cond-class Petty Officer, badge on left arm, anchor and crown ; First-class Petty Officer, badge on left arm, crossed anchors and crown ; Chief Petty Officer, Warrant-rank Gunner or Boatswain. The Chief Petty Officers and Warrants do not wear the familiar 'flowing garb' of tho sailors below them in rank, but don a double-breasted, gold-buttoned uni form, with peak cap, not unlike that of an officer, but with less gold braid. AGRICULTURAL SHOW (to 'Condong,' Tweed River): The Sydney Show is the biggest now. It is about equal to the Melbourne Show taking live stock all round, and in the agricultural and indus trial sections it is much larger. Then on tho point of attendance, fully one-third moro people visit the Sydney Show than is the case in Melbourne, and it lasts three days longer, which means that a much larger staff is employed. The re venue of this society far exceeds that of any other society in Australia, and this year the prize-money here was £1300 in excess of that distributed at any other show. TAR AS A PRESERVATIVE FOR IRON WORK, (to 'Query') : An item by the last mail will supply what you want. Replying to a question put at a recent meeting of junior gas engineers in Lon . don, and reported by the 'Journal of Gas Lighting,' whether tar should be treated in any way before using as a paint for ironwork, ono speaker stated that some years ago, in another part of tho world, he had helped to cover a great deal of ironwork with tar. It was found necessary to boil it, and drive out all the ammoniacal liquor and the light oils, or most of them. With linio . or Portland cement, this was an excel lent preservative. Some years after wards he scraped off a little of the tar, and found the iron in perfect condition. VERSE (to 'Socialist,' Sydney) : The verse goes : — 'Wlien tlio war-drum throbs no longer, And tho battle-flag is furled In tho Brotherhood of Man The Federation of tlio World.' ENGLISH POLICE (to 'Canute,' Pad dington): The police force of England and Wales numbers 45,202 men. KELLY GANG (to 'Struck Oil,' Darling- , hurst): The Kelly gang started their depredations in October, 3S78. Ned Kelly was capturcd on June 28, 1880, and executed November 11 of the same year. PATENT: From inquiries we have made ? we think your best step would be to communicate with or interview somo ot the leading hardware people. Even it they are unable themselves to take tho ! matter -up, they might be ablcwS'o sug- i gest a course for you to take. V A.M.A. (Wheeo) asks : 1. In Rugby foot ball en a player score a goal from a .punt ? Ans»: No. 2. A player runs out of bounds with the ball ; which side brings it into play again, his or the op posite side ? Ans.: His side. CEMENT : 'M.' writes — I should bo obliged it one of your readers would ' kindly give me tho recipe for making what is commonly kno-wn as giant ce ment — that is, the strong liquid cement used in mending broken crockery, glass, etc. HOUSE BUGS (to 'Doubtful,' Potts Point) : (1) House bugs, or, aa you prefer to call them, 'B-ilats,' are certainly met ?with in New Zealand. Indeed, it is stated that on account of the great pro portion of wooden buildings there they arc much moro troublesome than ia Sydney. (2) Thero are no snakes in the Dominion. (3) The Moa is extinct. PARK IMPROVEMENTS (to 'Approval,' Darlinghurst) : The tea kiosli, as men tioned in our last issue, is expected to be completed by the end of September. It is intended not only to beautify the edges of the triangular plot on which it stands, but to make the whole a Con tinental garden,, where chairs and tables may be placed at will. IMMIGRATION (to 'Constant Reader,'' Leichhardt): Tho address you -want is Agent-General for New South Wales, 125 Cannon-street, London, E.C. There ar-\ no free passages, the lowest being £G. If you writo to tlio Intelligence Depart ment, corner Phillip and Bridge streets, you will be supplied with booklets deal ing In full with the nominating of ser vants, &c.; BALLIMORE ZETZ SPA (to 'Subscriber,' Toronto): 1. Yes, so far as we can find out. 2. The mineral water from that spring-is the only one sold as Ballimore Zetz Spa. 3. Messrs. Tooth and Co. are the proprietors, by. whom you will, on application, be supplied with illustrated pamphlets, giving all information. 4. The spa was discovered about 16 years ago. Boring for coal was going on at the time, and this water was met with at 550ft, leading to the abandoning of coal-mining and the setting up of a spa. 5\. It has been on the market practically ever since. CAMERA OBSCURA asks : Could you kind ly givo me any plain and simple directions for erecting a camera obscura (like one used to be seen at South Head), on top of a flat-roofed house that stands on a vory elevated position. My son, who has a strong call for such scientific studies, has been trying to fix one up, but he does not understand the arranging, of the mirrors, position of table on which scen ery is to be reflected, etc. TELEPHONE DEPARTMENT (to 'Switch- board'). Appointments in the telephone branch are only made from tho success ful candidates at a special examination arranged for by the Public Service Com missioner; It is not likely that an examination will be held during the course of the present year. Appoint ments aro open to young women of from 16 to 25 years of age. Examinations are held only as the requirements of tho Department demand, about once a year. Temporary assistants are not appointed. DR. BARNARDO'S HOMES (to 'Humane,' Mosman) : The address of Dr. Barnardo's Homes is 18 to 26 Stepney Causeway, London, E. It is stated in tho institu tion's report that £240 is required daily for food alone; £16 per annum main tains one healthy child; £30 per annum maintains one suffering child. No bar riers to admission exist, destitution is tho only, but essential, qualification. Thero had been 61,558 children rescued, trained, and placed out in lifo up to September 30, 1906. Another London Landmark will shortly disappear. The Old Curiosity Shop, immortalised by Charles Dickens, which is to make room for a more substantial building. 