MULTUIH IN PARVO. Attention! Don't forget Saturday night's Great performance. Trafalgar tennis club Gels half the proceeds. Florence Lyle Dramatic Co. Will prduce "Sherlock Holmes." Conan Doyle's great detective story. The most powerful of modern dramas. Full particulars of above in advt. and handbills. Conan Doyle's famous detective story —"Sherlock Holmes." For first-class printing at moderate prices, try this office. Advertise in this paper and your business will prosper. The occupants of a balloon a mile high command a radiu's of 96 miles. Lecture at Trafalgar on Monday evening, 29th inst., on Immigration. Tom Farmer and Co.'s next fort\x=req-\ nichtlv sale at Trafalgar on Saturday, July 27. Jennings and Mclnnes' next fortnightly sale at Trafalgar on Saturday, August 3. Great excitement yesterday afternoon over the football match—Trafalgar v. Warragul. All descriptions of Job Printing executed at the News office—quickly, | neatly, cheaply. I L. Ashby's tender was accepted on Tuesday evening {or improvements to the Trafalgar tennis court. Mr. Thomas F. Ryan, the American railroad and financial magnate, paid £23l 0 for a Jersey bull in New York. The subscription to the News is 2/2 per quarter if delivered, and 2s. ; Gd. if posted. The leading local ; paper. Mr. R. J. Wilmoth, solicitor, visits ' Trafalgar fortnightly—every alternate : Saturday. Next visit, • Saturday, ■ August 3. Copies of the News can be obtained from Mr. E. G. Cunningham, of the Yflrragon fancy goods store, near railway station. The United Kingdom grows over 160 million bushels of wheat a year — more thou the combined barley and wheat crop. Four New York policemen standing on each others shoulders, rescued Gvs persons from the second storey ■ of a burning house. British people eat more butter than any other nation—a fact, which, it is said, results in their complexion being tho purest in the world. A large and Well-selected Stock of 1 Seasonable Goods just to^ hand, at ■Yule's Drapery Emporium, Trafalgar. ' Suits to measure a speciality.—Advt. Important to business people. If . you want your business to increase, ' advertise in this paper. For good printing at reasonable prices, try this . .office. Mr. llenrv Phipps, the millionaire steel manufacturer, of Philadelphia, has given £200,000 to build a hospital in the city for persons sufler\x=req-\ ing from tuberculosis. Advertisers are requested to have tiieir announcements in as early as possible on Wednesdays so as to ensure insertion, as the News is printed earlv on Wednesday evenings. Citing the Danish example, Mr. Roosevelt, speaking at_ Michigan, advised farmers to combine and to establish co-operative associations with a view to transport and distribution. The notable feature of the July I issue of " Life" is its collection of | striking original Autralian contri-1 butions. For example, the Hoti Geo. Swinburne gives a clear account of the Inter-State agreement about the Murray waters. There is the usual humorous skit by " Dooley," this time on " Tli' Activities iv Prisidint Rosenfelt." Sport is represented by articles on Tennis, by the well known tennis player, Mr A. J. Dunlop, and another on- "The Coming Fnglish Eleven and How Australia Should Meet It," by M. A. Noble. Captain H. V. Barclay raises an interesting question in an article called "Who Owns the Northern Territory?" He gives facts throwing considerable doubt on South Australia's claim to the ,£3,250,000 that the Commonwealth is about to pay her. Mr Chas. Barrett continues his interesting pen and camera studies of Australian wild life. But perhaps one of the most important articles is that contributed by the leading Judges of Australia. These legal authorities give their views on Crime in Australia. It is uupleasant to note that most of them think that certain crimes are increasing. Lovers of novels will get some good advice on " How to Read a Book," by Dr R. Waddell. 1 Two other well-worth-reading articles are those by Chas. Nattall on " Niagra at Dawn," and by W. H. Field on " The Dance of the Electrons." Sixpence spent on > July " Life" is no doubt a splendid investment. 