DA HIVING NOTE.-. Milk r.bsorb.i bad odors very readily, there lore, as soon as it is drawn roiuov-j at once to tiio milk vcom. JJo Mure that thore are no objectionable odors in the milking »hcd. Knsilago »);ould bo fed ' after, not before, milking. It a heifer or a young cow is onco allowed to go 'Iry- "li'-T a j-.hort period of milk-giv ing, it is very hard to ever mako l.cr a pro iitable cow. High feeding may do it, but it' she L; bred at an early afro and. milked cui'oi'ully, on good feed, lor at- Icust twclvj lr.oiiJi.s i.'i. !;.. r firjt lactation jjoricd, she. forms a. habit that will tend to n.ako her a fi'irly proliti'blo cow all lier life. Modern iiuTliods of dairying were not in trodiiccd into Siberia without friction. In tho Altai region the superstitious peasantry o'poku of se]'.'.u,\t0is as "devils," and laid upon them the blame for a famine that occurred and lasted for tlueo years. Towards tlm end of the third year tho people attacked tiia creameries, owned principally by Danish immigrants, and when not driven oil' With firoa-niB, earned oft' tho separators, which they threw into lhe nearest river... Cnfor tunaU-ly, thU raid, on tho ye-p-irators was followed by thei .cud-of. the f:;iuii;e, and :n harvest 'much better than that of '.he pro vious years. This coincidence confirmed Gie peasantry in their belief that, tho sepa rators were of dialrjiical origin, and stivjijrthemx! their resolution to juako an cud cf thorn. This singular beliof has do'ie ranch to retard tho development of duiryr ing ju tlm Altai country Experiments mado by the Wisconsin sta tion show-that working the butter imme diately after washing slightly increases the v/ater content of the butter over that '. ob tained when the rraular butter is allowed to drain ..about halt' an hour,' before wording. They also prove that allowing the graular butter to stand in water for eome time in cieu-sej tho water content of the butter an cGinpared wil.li working immediately after washing, and that, increasing the anionut of churning in (.lie wash water does not always increase the water content of the butter. In one case butter whicli received eight re-volutions in the wash '.vator" contained about 20 per cent, more water than that, which received only klt revolntion*. In all the oilier cases, eight cluu'iiings, the water content, ol' the butter was nearly the same oven when ihe granular butter received from four to forty revolutions in the wash wafer. Nine out of twelve trials indicate that- the water content in butter is increased by wash ing the butter with warm water. bw<i the other throe trials poir.t in the opposite diree 'tion. 