: AGRICULTURAL NOTES. . Two gentlemen in town nie practically interested in dairy science cs ¡.nell keeps . ii cow foe family usc. At cur sugges ? lion they placed a spring balance in the 1 milking shed, and commenced to keep a j record of the yield. The cows -vere found , to give upwards of 20 UP daily, and ¡ lo fiti'tlier iwertniit (licir merit* (lie gen- tlemen wein i ml ti ii'il on Monday morning .' lo send a sample of milk from (lie cows , lo Messrs. I'nmtghan Hrother»' lintier fnc , (.orv lo lie tested. Kach Fiiiuplc consi.-ted I of evciiiii'r and morning -nilli from u . 'iimntity in hulk nell stirred .ind mixed. , Tho records were interest hie;. A's cow , gave 22 lb of milk in the Iweuty-foiir . hours, thc test of which was ll.J ': lt's I i'ow g.nc Ililli of milk, which Icsicd 4.1. . Such a difference in cows tells «ni the returns from the setwtivitm'. Wc lui ve often advised our dairymen to have their j cows tested at the foci «ry. liven this , trouble they may save themselves hy ni I eliding Hie elliss in connect inn with (he 1 Technical College at thc School of Arts. L_ lt is bei»'» formed, and will li' opened iic.xl nuiiuli. Mr. F. II. IVrkir», head tradier of Ibo ("ruccmere School, attended I lie dairy olin,,., ut .iutlnn io t liv holi- days, nml i< now d'stinij (lie mik from thc surrounding dairies'' iiic following l.ililc «ill lie foinul useful, nuil n copy of il should be kept for reference Wc take it from the " \ ictorinn Agricultural Year liiiuk." Pounds of milk leipihcd to make une pound of butter, !he milk testing tims- vcr cent butterfat, and as fol- lón s ; 3.0.311.581b 4.0. 22.521b 3.1.2!l.5Klh 4.1.ll, 3.2.2lUllh 4.2.21.33 tb 3.3.27.(12 lb 4.3.2U.HI ll, 3.1.2(!.7.'llb 4.4.20.21111. 3.5.2ô.!ISIh 4.5.10.80 11» 3.11.25.151b 4.(1.10.34 III 3.7. 24.45 lb 4.7.lS.fiiï.u 3.K. 23.74 th 4.8.I8.4illb 3.ÍI.23.1211) 4.0.lN.OOlh 5.0.17.07 lb There seems every likelihood hal thc arrangements made by thc butter expor- ters with Mic shipping companies will enable thc trade to bi' cariied on satis- factorily for the next two sen-oils nt leí-I. The terms insisted on ly thc five lines combine, and lo w hich tho Conference could not agree, was (hat the mail boals should carr;- (he butter nt (he rate of 2s. Gd. per box ; and boat« of the other three companies nt 2s. 3,1. |ver box. The (bice line combine- Federal, Houlder, and Shire - will carry it at I». Kid. per box. These are (he pines filially arranged. Thc finn ill Sydney viii. li llr.st, cn mr lo an agreement with (he live lines have entered int'» a contract for two years. The buller producers in South Australia, Victoria, Queensland, and some of (hem in Ncv S.uilh Wales will ship t he bulk of their produce by the three line combine, but they will not bc ooniwltcd to pafronisc il solely. Hy paying Clio rales submitted (Ley will be' able to ship with (he mall (steamers or llirec associated boats. Thc liidc|H'iidcn( tdiippri* by (bc Federal linc represen!, it is said, eighty- five per cent of Hie producers, and they should be able to make it worth while for thc (hree lines to render cdicicnl service. Doubts exist in seine quarter as lo (he arrange- ments made proving satisfactory. It will IK- a pity if any trouble should arise in the course of thc shipping reason, aa it would not fail tn have au injurious influrnce on the trade. There is some reason for rejret that tiie I)e|inrtnicnt of Agriculture, lia» not sent out along with'the circular intimat- ing its intention to receive eggs for export ou owners' nccount, instructions how intending exports are to be dealt with. Kggs aré in be sent to Bria- ' liane during Septcmlicr and October, where they will be kept in .-dd storage till despatched lo 'London. To be profitable thc business must bc gone about properly from thc beginning. Not less than fwenty dozen will be received from one person. These, we understand, may be sent in lots, but in that event the cost of carriage will detract from the profit. Intending exportera should be in- formed whether the eggs will be sent as transmitted lo Brisbane,.or whether they will bc repacked. lu packing the eggs for transmission to Brisbane a good material to use is wheat chaff, and only clean sweet chaff should be used. Musty straw or odorous stuff of any kind is apt to taint the eggs. Brawn cags, it is said, arc preferred in London. Kerosene cases if used, "should lie free of smell, and well secured. About twenty-six do/.cn may bc packed in a case, bul a smaller number with careful packing gives best results. Bc enrcful in selecting the eggs to take those with stout sound shells. Line thc case with a clean newspa-icr, then place a Inver of an inch of chaff on the bottom of it. On it place Hie eggs end up. Then a lever of chaff and eggs altcr-lutdy til! the'box i* lilied. Over every third layer of eggs and chuff pince a sheet of {taper so as to prevent the eggs, by their weight, working to the bottom and sides. Clean eggs look well and sell well. Washed eggs cnn bc detected, and are objection- able. In wet weather have plenty of clean straw in thc nests. To Fceure ¿tout shells sec, thal thc laying hens have plenty of clean "Tit and gravel, and ciindied bones and" oyster shells, and shell grit Infertile eggs are preferred, and fetch, it inav lie, l\vo-jcnre a dozen moro in the market. Wholesale prices for eggs in London in l!)0i were-Per ten doran Bri- tish, 18s. lld. and 17s. Od.; Irish, Ks. lld. and 14s. Td.-, Danish, 15s. ld. and 12c. 7d. In the frial shipment of eggs from ¡?''.(nth Australia the fertile eggs were sold ' nt --Hld., per dozen ; and tho infertile at ls. ld. These prices were an advance of :id. per dozen on Adelaide rales. Measures have been taken to Bend considerable shipments this season. , A popular mode of educating farmers i in (lie Cnitcd Kingdom in by Hie bluing of leaflets on Un- ipieslion of thc day. , This practice is followed by the lioard of 1 Agriculture. Here are Ihe titles of half i a-ihizcu issued in succession-sheep dip pina, tests for fanners' milli, fences and . judges, planting fruit trce-i and hushes:, threshing »f harley, pea and I-can beetles. These are circulated gratuitiou«ly and in bound packets of IOU at sixpence. Thc De- partment of Agriculture in New Zealand luis admited 1lic same practice, mid wc lune to acknowledge the receipt cf leaflets on " Manuring ¡xtialopn," " Mii'iiMing of turnips mid mangels." and on "Control of Infect pests and plant, diseases." Far; mers will no doubt read these with iu teri sl and profit, and keep them for futuro reference. Itcidcs thesis vc have re- ceived n neil little paiiinhlcl of )Henty pages on Agriculture in }Ccw Zetland, lt ciutains much inlerestiii"; inf.mullion, end is copiously ill ust int cd. Am »ng other paiuphlels fruin the Dominion, is Mr. Cuddie. Dairy Commissioner's review of ihe work of' thc HM sou ]!HHi-')7. There have been increases in all departments pf Hie industry, and there are now 217 but- ter factories ; 101 cheese factories ; 423 private dairies foe butter, and -17 for cheese ; 112 packing houses for milled Imiter. Thc (ulai (¡iiiintity of butler ex- ported front all ports (o ;t|| i mutiles was-Creamery, vail 1.11 il packages; dairy, ll.OUR packages ; milted, 111,518 packages. Total chce.-e exj-niird was l.'ll.tüMI pack- ages. There is much int cresline infor- mation uhoiil dairying. There ure prim pblcls on Hie wire ba-kcl method of test- ai iug soils, fruit glowing and marketing ill California, bee culture, biology and bi-r licnllnre. and feathered immigrant»-all instructive and interestiii":. 