Second Edition. Collision at Sea. Arawatta v. Ingeborg. Marine Board Inquiry Continued. The Marine Board inquiry into the sinking of the Danish barque lngeborg, as the result of a collision with the steamer Arawatta off Port Stephens, at, about 3 a.m. on 14th August was continued at the Port Office this morning, before Cap- tain J. Mackay, portmaster (chairman), Captain W. J. Collin, Mr. .T. J. John- stone and Mr. J. Munro. Mr. Feez (instructed by Messrs. Cham- bers and M'Nab) appeared on behalf of the A.U.S.N. Company, the owners of the Arawatta, and Captain H. T. Middleton, master of the steamer; and Mr. Hench- man (instructed by Messrs. Ruthning and Jensen) represented the owners and un- derwriters of the Ingeborg. Mr. T. W. Bouchard (acting consul for Denmark) also was present, to watch the proceed- ings. John Patrick Walker, third engineer of the Arawatta, said he was on watch in the engine room at the time of the colli- sion. After the bump, he got the order "full speed astern," and a minute later the order, "stop." A quarter of an hour afterwards the fourth engineer came down to the engine room and said the steamer had run into a barque. By Mr. Johnstone: He put the engines astern without delay. Only a second or two elapsed between the time he received the order and his putting it into execu- tion. By Mr. Feez: He got the order "full speed astern" at 3.3½ a.m., or about a quarter of a minute after he felt the bump. The next order he received was, "stand by," at 3.6. By Mr. Henchman: They were going full speed ahead before he got the order to go astern. Captain Middleton, recalled, stated, in answer to Mr. Henchman, that it was not true that half an hour elapsed before the first lifeboat put off from the Ara- watta. There were sheep on deck, but the gangwavs between the pens enabled easy access to the boats, which were in good order. He did not see a steamer hove to on the land side of the Arawatta after the collision. By Mr. Feez: The presence of the sheep did not inpede the working of the boats. Second-officer M'Dermid was recalled, and briefly questioned by Mr. Henchman. The evidence on behalf of the A.U.S.N. Company then was concluded. John Henry Doyle, shorthand writer and typist, who was a passenger on the Arawatta from Sydney, said he was in his bunk at the time of the collision. He heard the crash, and about five minutes afterwards the propeller stopped. He went up on deck and saw the men trying to get the life- boat out. A steamer hove to about 2 miles off, and he and other passengers were reassured as to their safety there- by. As far as he could judge, there was an unnecessary delay in lowering the life- boat. A small boat, he heard, had been lowered before this, but he would say that no other boat had been lowered. The steamer he saw, went away towards Newcastle. She did not make any signals, so far as he could see. By Mr. Munro: The Arawatta's pas- sengers behaved with perfect calmness, believing that the steamer had only touched a fishing smack. By Mr. Johnstone: He had previously noticed the method of getting boats out on steamers, and he thought all the life- boats of the Arawatta should have been in the water in half an hour. Mr. Feez: Suppose there was no neces- sity for them? Witness: If she had been an immigrant ship, what about it then? By Mr. Johnstone: He thought the cause of thE delay in lowering the boat was that the men were not practical sea- men. By Mr. Henchman: He believed he could have seen a sail 2 miles off. He was not present when the lifeboat was got down, but it was not lowered until about half an hour after the collision. Life-belts were, not served round on the Arawatta after the collision. By Mr. Feez: He had had no experience of the sea, except as a traveller. He be- lieved there was a notice in his cabin on the Arawatta, informing passengers that there were lifebelts under the pillows. He did not come to the inquiry with a grievance against the A.U.S.N. Com pany. He did not know when the order was given to lower the lifeboat. He thought all the boats should have been got out at once. If there was no dan- ger, of course, there would be no neces- sity to get them all out. It might help to create a panic, but the passengers were very cool. He inferred that the order to lower the boat, had been given just after the collision, and that the men were, therefore, half an hour engaged in the task. All the Arawatta's com- pany, stewards, and everybody else, be- haved splendidly. Witness voluntarily expressed the view that for the safety of the travelling pub- lic, the carrying of sheep or other car- go on deck near the boats should not he permitted, because of the idifficulty that might be experienced in lowering the boats in case of accident. By Mr. Feez: There were no sheep near No. 6 lifeboat. Captain Mackay said there was an in- spector whose special duty was to see that the cargo on steamers was so placed as not to interfere with access to the boats. It appeared to him they were getting away from the subject of the inquiry. Carl S. Albertsen, first mate of the lngeborg, said he lost his certificate on the ship. The Ingeborg was bound from Wellington to Newcastle. There were two lights on the lngeborg on the after part of the forecastle head. Petroleum was burned in the lights. He found the oil always reliable, and the lights always burned through the night without atten- tion. The night of the collision was a dark, clear one, and he could see the land easily. His watch on deck that night, was from 12 to 4, and he was on watch at the time of the collision. The lights were burning on the lngeborg at the time; lie saw them a few minutes before. He saw two steamers, one of which passed between the Ingeborg and Arawatta. The barque was on the star- board tack, and her course was south by west. The wind was blowing from the land. He saw the Arawatta for half an hour before the collision, and he did not anticipate any danger of a col- lision. He called Captain Schmidt about two minutes before the vessel struck The captain said the steamer was going to run into them, and almost immedi- ately the collision occurred. Captain Schmidt called out, "Make for the steamer all of you." The Arawatta towered over the barque, and he and others helped each other up over the bows of the steamer. The captain held up the cabin boy, and witness endeavoured to grasp him from the steamer, but only just touched his fingers, when the Arawatta drew away. The captain and the boy, also four or five men who at that moment came out of the forecastle, fell into the hole made by the Arawatta. When he got on board the steamer, he asked someone on the port side where the officer of the watch was, and got no reply. He then went to the starboard side, and saw a man standing on one of the lifeboats. He also saw the captain, whom he asked to get the lifeboat into the water, and told him that there was only one man in the boat. The captain said, "Take it easy, my boy; we are doing all we can." The captain said a small boat was being launched, and witness jumped into the boat. This boat picked up three men in the water, one being second mate of the barque, who showed them where the man who had been at the wheel of the Inge- borg was in the water. The latter was rescued. During the conversation in the boat someone told him that the barque's lights were not seen until about a min- ute before the collision. Witness told them that a bad lookout was kept on the barque. He did not know who was in charge of the boat - they all were. When the boat was near the steamer someone on her called out that there was another man in the water near by. The boat pulled towards the man, and picked him up, this making the third. After pulling about again he saw the lifeboat leaving the ship. By Mr. Munro: He could not say how long it was before the llfeboat was got out, but he thought there was delay. He could not say whether any lives were lost through delay in getting the boat out. By Mr. Henchman: He sent the cabin boy for the captain just before the col-, lision, and the captain came on to the bridge in a few seconds. The Arawatta struck the barque on the Starboard side on the forward part, of the forerigging, and penetrated the vessel up to the fore- mast. The Arawatta was not overtaking the ship. He did not tell Captain Middle- ton that the barque was travelling south- south-east. He did not say in the boat that he only saw the steamer a minute before the collision. There was nothing to obstruct the Arawatta's view of the Ingeborg's green light. The inquiry then was adjourned until 2.30 p.m. 