I IN BOOKLAM. .PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. -9 A QUEENSLAND' BOOK. ' Kosmos or Philosophic Studies fo** LiCeiires and Private. C°i on Order and Condition» in \ ituu, vlrnd Ait and Ilinsni by Gtoigi Woblnougn AI \ (George Ilobiitsoti md Co Biiaba.ni) - lins is a cholailv woil lefliitive in a gonei ii sensi of otlui minds including ideals but it the tame tine with a nutuuil coinage which do-» not avoid de Uaiationi- Àow dehn itions an fn (jiuntly Hu sum of plnlosomv 01 of pnilo i-oplut thoiiohl and it is inevitable tint t iiv Oiould ful at tun 8 even in what 'nay bi reinud Ii non li ibl issumptioi s \\\ i do no1 itti ibuto u 1 ill -nlitv. lo o li ] hilo ophir-* we do not uttiibut it vin to oui cunt «i s civ fe lim.,» oi eula aie absolu di ,-e Iii 1 even in ptincipli and at best a hen we come to gripplo w th Hie gicatei pioblems we an but as einleite i who see thioiigh a glass darkly J h<r"'ore while ive mav tln.nl the author of Kosmos foi Hie fr nil declarations or thing» as his mind appro utcs thmi there io ro conpulsion lo te opt them Lien ?whcie tie. cn t may lind Mi Woolnough nt fmlt hi will at tipiis "be milmed to ?nnise-jm tdoMcul as it m iv s»em-for verv oftin tile demons ntion ot en or den-, tie itmosphet mil otu nulid» be come s IO*V(-I foi tin puisuit of tiuth A\ e refer the rcadei foi whit mav b i rogar led as finlty declaration or error m ' definition to the authoi s v cry charming o«ojooo»e9ot«tï'»ooac)<iooc«ooQ« * /o ¡J SUGARCANE AND DAIRY HERD. ' ? a w s » . . w w v wv w m m v v o « 0 v w c. a a va a G eli inter on Ait He give» what is prie tiially a levievv of Count lolatoy s Wut in Vit* and follows with i phrlosophica1 d squi»ition much of w Inch though lacl mg in on,mai thought n very delightful in at» hteiaiy quality In pushing it may be MI! hen that tin work geninllv is not s long in onginal thought it is not with out the clemint of pusonal ob»u\ ition and of a lemtrkably clever e\pies=ivene»« when thin ii- i gem which i-oems to come du idv et t fiom i pill of «ash -u»m.*: Hu* leim is imnei use it but Afr \\\ ool iiough i» íevealed moie is in intciputcr thin i Hnnlei \t p 20S we lind what we denn in mor m diclaration Ihi wold» ne- the t>en»itions of the beautiful an-e ni thi mind on its pcrcerunc- that an ob) ct conforms to an idi ti iMnt is very elementary it is crude A\ hat of the cn ilron of ideals' Doe*, not beauty reveal itself even p*-oelarm it°elf in them' Hid Hie dcclirition quoted bein without i citer ilion it would hue been illowcd lo pas. but it is i e reiterated, and so w c refei to it as one of the ividencc» th it the authors coat of plirloco^hv ha» hole in it lime is no de-ne to pick at the e holet-, we u**e content to ad nile the coil j or at least the cloth of wluci it is made ihen a great deal of the cloth is not of Mi AVoolnoighs wiaving ll*is tn author ever lead the clevci talk by ¡Mon lïiioi upon Jules the foreign ten p or in Pippa Passes ' Otu eomplunt on reidmg Kosmos' is tint the authoi doe-, not take into iiceounf the Lmeitonn i elccliration lint it tiles nil ounce to bilanoo an ounce Our welcome to it is becau P it is even m its ptotlitral utilisation of truism a ven delightful and in»t-u<rti-e worl It is bv no means du and n av be talen as an c\cellont stimulation lo thought anti to cnrigv in thought Wi bivi i liss high opinion of it in its doe una] sen e \ id the Jetteis of commendation from Bu hine men winch are Inn led at the Inder before he can get to the bool nt all ne in verv dubious taste J he book i» too coot! to lcqiuic 'refe-cn-cs such as niHit be given to a lioi»enmd or i patent medicine | MISTRAL S-»I A ' VuslralaM i "stanford e Coiipeiidium of Ccognihv und Invel- \ o1 1 - Ustialn and \iw /ni i id hv 1 W Ctegoiv 1 li *» D Se Profo»-iii of Geology m the Uirversrtv of Glisgoiv (idvaid Stan ford London) -lins ivoik-the second idition rewirtten-does i\actlv wlrat tin authoi aims at It gives i coniisi locount of the physical and ccononm , geograu'iv of Vustraha and New /ealind including some account of the chief features of their climate geologicü etiucture aborigines fauna and flori Tin book has been brought up to date and dials in nu m tcresting wav ivitli certain political and economic developments in the Common w ealth SOANDIN .VARANS "The Scandinav ians in -Vustralasia " DV Jins Lvng Lieutenant in the Danish Vrmy late editoi of the Scandinavian journal Norden" together wiHi a Review of Scandinavian Histoiy by 0 N Ne*"on, Dr Ph U-s V-Itn Histonc.il Beview m ithis little boOK io a Clever digbst and largely an appreciation of the chiraetir of the iv orthmen I he section dealing with the Siaiidinaiian* m -Vus1"! ilasia tells us a good deil that is of specnl interest at the present time when ave ice] so keenly the need of n. spirited immigration policy The cens is or 1901 showed that we had in Quel nsl-and 5 300 Scandinav ians, and that took no rote of tile lut-t gener atiom born hire and wbo became Britisher» yet without losing their pride of origin There will be we iinture to say a feeling -öhat Queensland avonld be much the better off if shi had 50,000 of the lV«Sfl9B«QBOOiea«tSOS99«B8eO i>pkndid men ind women from \oiebein Lui ope silio come urttlei the incluais t til'e of Scan tm-is-ians in "uisti ilun Population tlitit is no finei element nil ive. see it nfc its best in the lural districts fiom Tweed Hcids to Cipe "ioik s\t have miny of the plendid >ioithmen in ptonimcnt positions in tile State mil it ia not j ineialis 1 novvn thal "'a Ed» aid Kno\ tilt ¡iei<l of the Colonial Sugar Be tinine; Compins ami the fomidei of it sv is in tlie t irlj forties u. st-urg Dane sv'io it used in -svdnty to hess out Ins lortunp J Ti AVIS bonn at 1 Isnort in 1810 ttlue-i J-d it the icnovsntd 4c ultim of -xiio, mil eommeiciills li lined in Din mill, Cie mim nu 1 ngl ind Ktfeienco is imelt in the book to manv pionunent Voivve-jinno in Outcnslind tittzeuo AS boin Vus lubina of I ngh-.li Scotch or Irish extiiction nt bonoum] in e teonung now as compaliiotä unilei the Southern Gio-s. l'he mthoi Itllc na 'Hit, ma-ontj nmry Vustialnn Lriti-.li oi Iiisli guie Hie . o o . o a . o a . . . . « e o «st a a o . . . . . MRS. LEONIDAS HUBBARD, A Canadian explorer, who has traced and mapped out the courso of two of Lab- rador's largest and hitherto unknown rivers, the Naseaupee and the George. <See " Woman's Corner.") . ............eitoooeoeoeooi Scandinavian tongue is consequently j ¿helved; the children glow- up Australians, ' and tlie father's environment gradually be- ' coming more and more British, he gradu- ally gets denationalised. The weakest, least enlightened, and least intelligent turn licart and soul Britiehcr.s themselvc«, ever- regretting their forr-i-rn hirr-h." We think it would be difficult to find ? in Queensland any Scandinavians born who regret their foreign hirth. No doubt that Ls because we have none hut intelligent People of the race here. A Scandinavian, has no occasion to be ashamed of his race; nnd in Queensland we believe there are very few-if any-who do not proudly remember their origin. ".FICTION. . "Armageddon, 100-," by Seestern: Authorised translation by G. Herring;. With an Introduction 'by. Adjniral ti« lion -MI E P lie im It G C B (1 Tis-her Unwin london) \ quanJ »etvvicii Grciu Bnla n and Geinunv takes phci ovoi an rpj-odc ib "? aioa I ranee joins Gnat Britain Vu»tn i loins Germany Italy after an ufrront from Great Britain throvvo in hei lot wnth Gernrany Spain and Portugal jom the British and Lilpium md Holland are ridden over nv both Russia and Anieiica lomani neutral ?Vftei tin avai in iwhnh of COUI-SP Ger many and her allies conquer (the book being *AIude m Germany ) America is the great naval power of the vvoilel and Rus-ri Hi militai y master of 1 urope It is a willvvrittin ind very nari ihle bool Phud Alouth» In Beth Lill» (Win Bli I wool and -Min« London-lins i« de Fciihed is i Love mel Labour novel \ v oung fellow a p irson s son h is> a unuet»ity education but nothing else (,ivcii li n and he goes lo woik in a coai pit lie become» agent foi t'n miners and ulti n at h docs better thin if he became a lucie profe»°ional man-he manie.» the ii night r of the collioiy proprietor The hool may he taken as m industrial îomancp TCeddv a ''tory of Oxfoid bv N Dukin on (AVm Heinemann London) - V vciv readable story with a vati"t\ of characters tnd a lot of particuliilv strong language I\cldv is a iharictcr wno grows upon one and he is i bright spot often where btightnp-s ]s w intcd Ihcie would rem from Air Dickin on's account to bo many objectionable features in Otford life 'King Alrda» ' bv Upton Sinclair (Wm IT memann London) -Air Sinclair » litest issiult upon capitalism and the aura sun fames " No doubt the author is doing much to help the Roosevelt cam paign ngiinst the overpowering tiusfs m ?Vnierica but he r» becom ng wearisome AIISCCLTJANEOUS "I Bchev e and Other Essays " by Guy Thorne (George Bell and Sons, London) - S POLICE STATION AND SCHOOL OF ARTS, MARBURG. \ » ? , < >iill«)tt(eii«ii«(iiéiaait«tli < A -eues of sttong cesas s ssbich carry very I J ti rnble îrd'.ctnents against social ion-I « ditions iii Englind. ' The ITues of j e Aluïoeh" 19 a "scorcher." J « a 