" NEWS OF THE DAY MAIL FROM ENGLAND. The Orient Co's mail steamer Oruba, with the English mail of November '23, arrived at Fremantle on Thursday, and is due at Largs Bay to-day, when the mails for the ' Eastern States and Tasmania will be forwarded by express to Melbourne, arriving there -on Tuesday morning. The Tasmanian portion should be shipped per Oonah for Burnie, leaving Melbourne at 6 p.m. on Tuesday, and be delivered here on Thursday morning. PERSONAL. 'Are Attorney-General left Hobart on Friday night for Launceston, where 'he intended to transact departmental business. He will leave Launceston. to-night by the mail trains or Hobart. TESTAMENTARY. The following probates, in estates of £1,000 net and upwards, have been issued Maria Brunel to the Tasmanian Permanent Executors and Trustees' Association Limited, JR 012; Thomas Press land Cowle to Evelyn Cowle and Arthur B. Cowle, £2,79; Budget Mary Smith to Brameline P. Moloney and James P. Maloney, £1.473; Matthew Yaxley to Hu- bert 11. Yaxley and Herbert A. North gan, £2,007. NEW LICENSING DISTRICTS. The creation of the new municipalities will necessitate the rearrangement of the licensing districts. What was the Franklin licensing district, for example, is now divided among three municipalities, and for each of these a separate licensing bench will be constituted. A somewhat similar position obtains in regard to other licensing districts; hence the necessity for at rearrangement in those cases also. The Licensing Act provides for the presence of five justices of the police on each bench, and it will depend on local circumstances whether it will be necessary to appoint; additional justices in order to comply with this re- quirement. , 'SILVA v. CUTCLIFFE. Mr. Justice Mcintyre gave his reserved judgment on Saturday in the case of silver v. Cutcliffe, tried on Thursday last in Hobart. The plaintiff, who keeps a fruit shop in Elizabeth-street, claimed compensation for injuries' sustained through falling into a hole in her back- yard, made by the defendant, a plumber, in connection with drainage operations. His Honor awarded the plaintiff 35, with costs on the 450 scale. AGRICULTURAL- SUMMER SCHOOL. N -. a summer school has been arranged by the Council of Agriculture with the object of interesting State-school teachers in matters pertaining to rural industries. The classes will be held at Longford from January 21 to January 31, and the course of instruction will embrace a large number of subjects bearing on agriculture, horticulture) poultry raising and dairying. Lectures on these suit jects will be given by the exports attached to the Council of Agriculture, and examples for purposes of demonstration will be sought on neighbouring farms. AUSTRALASIAN TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION. The final sitting of the ninth triennial conference of the Australasian Typo- graphical- Union was held on Saturday morning, when a few items of general business were disposed of. The contes once had hat on the three preceding days, and had, in addition to discussing the report of the executive, dealt with a number of notices of motion which has been received from the various constituent societies. It was decided to appoint an organiser, who should visit Queensland for the purpose of assisting the local ri'Ciity in gaining PM reserve, and also I', endeavour to secure for Hobart print- ers the to his remuneration as is enjoyed by their confreres-, in Launceston, namely, 92 12?. for dS hours per week. A motion was also carried recommending that an ancient our be made to organise the allied trades throughout Australia, namely, the letterpress, machinists, the bookbinders, the paper rulers, the stereotypes, and the lithographers. The pro Feisal of the Queensland delegates, that the next conference should be held in Brisbane in May, 1919, was assented to by all that the Western Australian delegates. On, Saturday afternoon the delegates ascended Mount Wellington, and in the evening were entertained by the. Hobart Ty geographical Society at a smoke social at the Freemasons' Hotel. The toast of the A.T.U. was proposed by Sir. M. them, and responded to by Mr. J W. Tucker, president of the union. Mr. W. li. Cooke proposed the toast of the history, to which representative delegates responded. An excellent programme of vocal and instrumental music added to the pleasure of the evening. Amongst those who contributed songs and recitation-, were Mr. D. H. Thomas, Mr. H. S. Whitford (of Kalgoorlie), Mr. H. Rasdell (of Melbourne), Mr. R. Whittington, Mr. A. Whittington, Mr. T Smallhorn. Mr. CLear Mr. W. J. St. Leger, um! Mr. Ben Tillett. Mr. J. it McCann acted us accompanist. Last night the delegates attended St. John the Baptist Church, Goulburn-street. where the Bishop of Tasmania preached on "Here and Hereafter." I ' LOCAL. GOVERNMENT AND SUBSIDIES. When the Premier was at New Norfolk on Saturday he was waited upon by a deputation of municipal councillor, viz Mr Geo Leatham, il H A , Mr. J. G Brown, Mr J. A Moore, and Mr. R. W. Shoobridge 'They wanted to know what responsibilities the Government intended to place on the new councils as to the maintenance of roads and the execution of public works The Premier, in his reply, said that the success of the new form of local government depend" to in a large measure on its inauguration no had no doubt that it the councillors called their efforts for the common good the new system would be successful for the present, the Government had no intention to interfere with the subsidy of 17,000 which was granted to road trusts or with the main road maintenance vote haughtily the present -system by which the Government under took thee\ecutto i of publ s works would not be discontinued As regarded all these matters, no change was.- contemplated, they would still be a child go on the consolidated revenue, as, of course, a time might come though he hoped Hut the occasion would not arise, and it would not cause it Tasmania, received fair treatment from the federal autuoiities-when the Government would be compelled to con' silver whether any responsibility should he thrown on the councils, find whether they should be required to exercise the financial powers conferred on them in the act. TASMANIAN PRODUCTS FOR SCANDINAVIA." The possibility of opening a market in Scandinavia for Tasmanian products is the subject of a letter which has reached the Premier through the Agent General a department. The writer is Mr. John Jensen, who was in Tasmania being time ago, and who, when about b return to Europe, received from the Premier a letter of introduction to the Agent-General (Hon. Alfred Dobson). Mr. Jeiiffii was desirous of making Tasmania and her products known in Scandinavia, and to that end was supplied with lantern slides, guide-books, etc. In his letter, which, in a sense, is an interim report, he says I think that Scandinavia writing be able to take a good deal of fruit and timber from Tasmania., and I am sure wools would be able to exchange several other products. I am endeavouring to get a. direct steam ship line established between Hobart and Copenhagen in the fruit season; but I am not able to report any definite result yet. Regarding immigration, I am afraid I shall have to leave that question alone for the present. The Danish Government is not too keen on giving me any encouragement in that direction, and I am, in fact, tlubious'mysslf us to recommending Danish' farmers to settle in Tasman is at present;" TOURIST TRAFFIC. There are now a large number of tourists' in the cray, every steamer augmenting the total. The Tourist Bureau is being very largely availed of by visitors in quest of information about trips, accommodation, and other matters. Last week the Bureau officials had as many as 200 inquiries in one day. Trips are being daily arranged for parties, vary- ing from one to two and three days. A motor trip is being got up to Woodbridge, and Russell Falls. Quite a new route will Tjo taken shortly, namely, through Sorell and Lewisham and back to BeJlei'ivc, ' ia Richmond and Cambridge. CORPORATION JUBILEE. The jubilee, of the Hobart Corporation wits marked by a little function in the Mayor's room, Town-hall, on Saturday. The gathering included past and present aldermen, the Premier, Master Warden. Mr. Justice Mcintyre, Corporation officials, and others. The Mayor (Alderman Freeman presided. The proceedings were limited to two toasts, which were drunk in bumpers of champagne. The Premier proposed "Success to the Corporation," and the Mayor "The Ministry. These having been daily responded to, the Mayor invited past and present aldermen to have their photographs taken. Yesterday the Mayor and aldermen, excepting Alderman Atkins, who was out of town, at tended service at St. Mary's Cathedral APPRECIATION OF TASMANIA. At the concluding meeting of the Australasian Typographical Union, held at Hobart on Saturday morning, Mr. W. C. Melbourne (of Adelaide) moved a resolution expressing the appreciation of the members of the conference of the kindness extended to them, by the print- ers of Tasmania. He said that while believing that South Australia was one of the most desirable places in the Coin unit wealth to result in, that did not prevent him from admiring the beauties of Tasmania. The magnificence of the mountains, the grandeur of the rivers, and the fertility of the soil were upper cut to the most casual observer, and he congratulated the Tasmanians on their beautiful country. Among the mci noticeable- things to a visitor from the main land were the beauty' and grace of the Tasmanian ladies, with which he was especially impressed, and also the splendid horses he had seen. Mr. Rasdell (of Melbourne) seconded the resolution, which was carried amid great applause. \--- AUSTRALIA FOR THE ANGLO -.' -, INDIANS. Mr. Venour Nathan, hon. secretary Immigration League of Australasia, writes: -"A class of desirable immigrants whom my League is making special efforts to reach are the white employees in the Indian railways. Those men retire at a comparatively early age, and obtain a. great duty of' from £500 to £2,000 instead of a pension. Many of them have their families educated at schools in the hill districts instead of in England; but if they decided to settle in Australia, they would probably send their sons here before and, especially to our Agricultural Colleges, or to be placed with farmers. There are a large number of railway institutes scattered over India, which are used as clubs by the railway employees, and we have opened up communications with these, and sent books about the States, prospectuses of Agricultural Colleges, etc., to the reading rooms. We hope to have soon a constant stream of these desirable immigrants coming to Australia. Dr. Richard Arthur is also continuing his series of letters to the Anglo-Indian press, which have proved 60 successful in the past in advertising Australia in India. A BLACK APPLES. The shipments of novelty fruits from Paris, chiefly- for the Christmas markets in England, bid fair to surpass all expectations this season (says the London ''Daily Mail" of November 15). The Api Rouge, or red-skinned daily apple, has for years formed a leading into action in the wonders of the fruit shops of the Grand Row at Covent Garden market, also in Oxford and Regent streets. The Api Noir, of' black-skinned apple, closely resembles its red competitor, but the skin is of such an intense crimson that it is often mistaken for black, hence its name. The apples will be packed in little one-layer boxes, as the popular lady apples usually are, and each apple will nest be in a lead of dyed green moss. At beauty fruiterers are making inquiries about the probable arrival of these novel tics. THE PASSING OF OLD SYDNEY. The work of demolition in connection, with the removals of buildings in Sydney continues (says the "Herald.") These structures give place to much more extensive premises, an indication of the rapid progress that Sydney is making. The five two-storied buildings adjoining the Hotel Australia are coming under the auctioneer's hammer to-day, in order to clear the site for the clubhouse for the Commercial Travellers' Association. Tenders are called to pull down premises in George-street to make room for a much larger business house'. An old and well-known building on the east em side of O'Connell-street will come down at the new year, in order to erect andesite, at a cost of over £30,000, new offices for Messrs. Pitt, Son, and Bad gery. The old-fashioned rectory at All Saints', Petersham, is also about to give place to a new building on modern lines. In several parts of the city de- molition works are now in progress, and if this work of remodelling continues at the present rate, Sydney in a few years will be an entirely new and much more up-to-date city than the capitals of the other States. 