AROUND THE GLOBE ' ; NEWS IN A NUTSHELL 1 M 'I ; '"Thus we may see,' quoth he, 'how Vie world wage,' "—SHAKESPEARE, ./ Count Lnmsdorff died from Heart draeaBe, and' not- poisoning. « Sir; 'Richard Solomon wllliac company Gene ral/Louis- Botha to London. ' ' . ft Serious fighting has taken place in Bornu, Central Africa. Tlio natives' casualties num- ' , Ue'rcd 300, while tlio British liad 11 killed and 40 wounded. » . ' . . The schooner Duchess of Bedford, connect ed with (Mlcholson's Anglo-American Polar expedition, Is frozen up 200 miles off Point Barrow, Alaska. « In tihe House 'of Commons Mr, W. Crooks . moved that the Inequality of rates In differ- ont portions of London nKiutrixI early, atten tion. The motion was agreed to. ; Mr, J. c. Smuts, the Transvaal Colonial Se cretary. Intends to submit to Parliament for To-enactment t-he Asiatic ordinance which was disallowed by the Earl of Elgin. ,»,» » . , Mr. "Walter .Runclman, Financial Secretary .. to .the British Treasury, says that France does not at present Intend to renew the sys- ,' tern of sending convlots to New Caledonia. ....... . 'A bag containing registered letters valuad at £80,000 was stolen between New York and Paris. A man who haB been arrested con fessed to bolng connected with the robbery. Al) the passongors' baggage on the Suevic has been saved, and a start Is now being made, on the cargo. Tlio Rev. A. It. Edgar, , of Molbourno, was among the last lot of pas sengers saved. ' : ».»., , , . M. Thomson, French -Minister of Marine, Bays that a committee of .officers was' ln- ellrieil to attribute the disaster on tlio Jena to a short circuit, and not to the decomposition of the powder. Our London correspondent cabled yester day:— copper, £106 to' £106 Ss'spot, and £107. us ,u x.iui jus . at : uirce nionuis; un, xxso.os to :'£18B IBs spot, and £183 5s to £183 15s at three months; lead, £19 16s. An inquest was held In Grafton yesterday concerning the death of Mrs. Palmer, an old resident, who died In tho hospital while un dergoing an operation. The medical testi mony 'showed 'that' death 'was due to shock. . An elderly man, whose liaine lias not been ascertained, was run over and killed by a .goods train at Monger's Siding, hear York' (Vy.A.). The whole train passed over the un-' lortunato man, and cut him to pieces. A smallpox epidemic has been- added to tho horrors of the widespread famine In sing-' Glnjig, In China. A quarter. of a million per sons, according to Shanghai despatches, are estimated to be doomed In Slng- lClang alone, ld BUU.UOO In Antung. , After being totally blind for 25 years sight was (suddenly restored by a fall on ice to a Baltimore minister, the Rev. Samuel Cum- inlngB, who hit .his.- eye with great force ngoiiist the ground, .and Immediately disco vered that he could see. . . . ' i Mr. Cortesse, a magistrate, of Paterson. Now -Jersey' (U.S.A:), was killed while opening 'n parcel which had been sent to him by-ex- 'preos delivery. The parcel contained a bomb, winch exploded and wrecked .the room. It .'.Is believed, that the outrage was the work ot '. anarchists. ' . .' . The. Federal Meteorologist Is to Issue In .Melbourne' a. dally weather map for Austra lia and Tasmania, giving the day's forecast. Tt Is proposed to place the meteorologist in Ui!'£ iy IS! 5SS telesraphy with the expe- ... 'he South Polo, which Is to leave .I'.ngland in October. ..At- the Homebusli fat stock market yester day the supplies of sheep and cattle were again light, and values ruled high, although a-llttlo below last Monday's extreme rates. Merino wethers made to 20s Od and crossbred V!?ic2 ithe,8,aTe„nsHre' and morlno ewes to 16s, while, odd bullocks realised ud to £14 Its . Uu. and cows lo £10. » « . An attempt made by two armed men to > hold ud the Harrison-street branch of tho National Bank In Johannesburg was frus- Jylbe, courage of tho officials. who .. 1"? flre- Ono of tho men waa shot »«?, moutli, and is not expected to recover, fhe. other man was also arrested. Mr. G. W. Sm alley, New York correspondent ' of - the London "Times," says 'that the mem bers of the Board of Supervisors In San r"'8?? have confessed that they each re- colyod United Railway shares worth £8000 of submitting an overhead for cable linos. It Is added that the Mayor Bind Mr. Ruef jointly re ceived shares 'to tho value, of £80,000. . A settlement of the loss in regard to the Ore at Harrold, Colton. and Co.'s premises, Adelaide, was made yesterday by Colonel Freeman on behalf of the Insurance compa nies, and by Mr. A. Adamson on behalf ot uie.insured. The amount agreed to be paid by. the companies was £68,051, and Harrold. .Colton, and Co. are to retain the salvage. ». In tiie 'House of Lords the Earl of Orewe (Lord President of the Council) said that the new. Irish, measure proposed a further exten- ?«rt -?£ seK-Sovarmnenf. Lord' Loreburn (tlio 'lord Chancellor) declared .that he would never)' support Home Rule, except In tho shape of a subordinate Parliament Loixi expressed very strong misgivings as Co the policy chart had been foreshadowed. A' serious accident occurred In the last event of tho M&ltra; (Vic.) races yesterday, - When turning into the straight, Ulla, who jvas leading, stumbled, and fell, and Madrid, running close behind, struck (Jlla's Jockey, and camo -down, Elvira also came down over Madrid. L. Hall, rldor of Elvira, was badly hurt; Doherty, rider of Ulla, was knocked about. Haines, rider of Madrid, »Kai?e!! wlth a shaking, but his horse had his thigh fractured, and had to be shot. 9.9 9 9 ' Proceedings by the Deputy-CommlsBlonen for the Western Pacific were the subject of An application yestcrday'to the High Court In Melbourne for leave to appeal from a judg ment of the SuDrome CourTof New South wales. The motion was made on behalf of William Henry Hazelton, trader In the Solo mon Islands. The application was granted) Oh Wednesday night Coiistablo Strapp, of North Perth (W.A.), received a message that a houso was on Are In Farmer-street. Ho proceeded to the place, and on his arrival was told that tho owner, un old woman, named Eliza Lockyer, had. jumped . down a well,. at the. rear. Ho divested himself of his uniform, and descended tho well, which 's very narrow, about 60ft.. deep, and. un safe. Ho found that the woman, who weighs about 16st., was seriously hurt, and as ho could not raise her without assistance ho awaited tho Arrival of the brigade. Captain Mann de scended, but it was found that they could do nothing, as there was no room to carry the' woman up In their arms. Meantime the Metropolitan Fire Brigade had sent three men equipped with a rope ladder, but this was also useless. The side of the well would pot. permit of two persons going up the lad der at once. , Foreman Robertson then de scended, and made what 1b known as a lire- man's chair, and the others succeeded In hauling the woman up. She was conveyed to the hospital. Her legs were seriously In jured, and It was found necessary to ampu- .ite both bolow. -the knee. , . : The 'death , of the famous Danish painter. Christian Dalsguard Is: reported. 9 ; 9': ,:9 9, '9 Mr. F. . TV. "Hlgglns, ex-Governor of Now York State; has died In Olean, New "York State. v A , . 9 9 .-|9 m .' The steamer Katanga, bound from Ohill to Newcastle, pu't lnto Auckland shoot of coal In rough weather. , -«« The steamer Cycle sailed for Mauritius from Adelaide with 4068 tons of flour and 25,637 bushels of wheat," 9 , 9 9 ' Many cases of appendicitis are attributed by Dr. Schmidt, of Altona, to metal splinters in boxes of preserves. . I 9 ' 9 9 "" i 9 9 Mr. Talt.'tho Mayor of Kingston, Jamaica, has died, as, the result, of Injuries which he received In the earthquake. 9 9 ' 9 9 9 Ygsterday the Sydney mining market was very dull, the only, change In prices being a further-fall in Broken Hill Interests, 9 9 9 9 9 9 The Premier spys that New South "Wajos Is able to take oharge of immigration to the State, and does not require Federal assist ance. . 9 9 9 9 9 9 A proposal Is being considered to have the British, malls sorted on board the steamers between Fremantle : ai>d Adelaide to expedite their delivery, 9.9 9 9 9 9 A proposal has been made that the Vic torian Government should take over lnvest- ment moneys from friendly societies, and pay 4 per cent. - . ' . Frank H, Lahm, J. .C. M'Coy, and Alan Hawley have been; chosen to represent Ame rica In the International balloon race for the Gordon Bennett Cup. ' '.'99 9 9 9 9 . Evidence was token-In Farkes yesterday by the Public "Works Committee on the pro- DOBod rallwnv tn T.-ulr "I-Tlll n a an n 1 Innrt a Iti/A to the Narromine route. " 9'" 9' 9, ' '9' ; ' 9 ' 9 ' Captain Oldrleve, with the aid of a pair of largo .wooden shoes, has .walked, on the water, .from . Cincinnati to; New Orleans, a distance ot 1603 miles. In 40 days.; . . . 9. . ,9 . , . 9 9 . Sir; John Forrest says that the bill which was dropped .' last lybar - for penny postago throughout Australia, and the Empire will be reintroduced next session. 9,'9 .,999 The Governor-General; accompanied by the Governor ot Tasmania' and the Minister of Defeiiee, Inspected the Stanford Merthyr and Abei'dare' collieries yesterday. 9.9 « 9 9 9 At the Invitation' of . :L'ady Northcote a re- prcsentatlvo , meeting , was, held In Govern ment House yesterday: in connection- with tho exhibition 'of' Women's Work. : , '9 - .... .9 , 9. 9 9 m Mr. Carruthers ls of opinion that the in- tontlo'n to '.make Melbourne the .headquarters of the meteorological service Is not new, and that the desire Is to make Sydney a sub station. , . ' 9 ' ' 9' 9 '.'9 9 9 .' Professors David, MaeCalluim and Collier, attended the. meeting of the Sydney Labour Council last night. The question of labour's claims on the University was discussed ot length. '9' 9" 9 . 9 9 9 The Italian Who was entombed In tho Wostrailla mine, Bonnie Vale (W.A.), by the Inrush of water Is still alive. -An attempt Is to be made by divers to rescue him. 9.9 9 ''9 9 9; A youth, Leslie Stonham, had his leg frac- tured at Bourke In an attempt to' Jump off a bolting horse. ; 9.9 9 /9 9 9 ' A carpenter named Sandllanas and his wife and child; were drowned through the capsizing of a buggy "into the Molyneux Blvor, In the Balclutha (N.Z.) district! e " e " 9 .9 9 The steamer Telamori left Hobart (Tas.) yesterday for Liverpool and London with 15,640 cases of apples and pears, making the total Tasmanlan shipments for the season <128,423 cases. / 9 9 . . 9 9 9 "" The Albury council has adopted a sketch plan of a new town 'hall. The estimated cost Is £4000, and the money will be borrow ed from the local Manchester Unity Lodge, at 41 per cent. 9 9 9 9 9 9 An officer named Faverham, belonging to H.M.S. Encounter, was out riding In Hobart (Tas.) yesterday, when he was thrown from his horse. He is now in a critical condition from Injuries to his head. Mr. S. W. Moore, Minister of Mines, has just concluded a tour of the Blngara part at his electorate. Speaking In Blngara Mr. Moore sold that the new Land Bill would give settlement lessees the right of conver sion. . . 9 9 9 9 9 9' Dissatisfaction exists' among butchers at the Islington and (Belfast works, near Christ- church (N.Z.) concerning extra work im posed. The men will decide to-day whether to strike or continue work. 9 9 9 9 9 Tho disabled: steamer Colac entered the Newcastle Harbour yesterday. The captain says that the vessel was never In really se rious danger, either Of foundering of of drifting. 9 9 9 9 9 9 A special (meeting of the Miners' Federtb- tlon was held In Boulder (W.A.) last night to consider the .wages question. It was resolved to ask tho Chamber of Mines to meet the union officials in open eon ferenee. Tho Victorian Minister of Agriculture said yesterday that the Government was trying to tackle the question of old-age pensions. The Government's aim was to develop a policy which would- provide for those sick, ln- llnm; and Incapable of working. No man who had not endeavoured 'to put by some thing for provision la old age should receive a (pension. 9 9 9 9 9 9 A horse In a waggon bolted In Oxlde-Btreet, Broken HUI, and ran into a horse and dray driven by Mr.- Wade. The latter vehicle was upset and fell on Wade, who had some ribs, broken and his chest injured. ! Yesterday Mr, H. Gregory, tho Minister of Mines In W.A., sent from Perth two experi enced divers, with full apparatus. In a special train to .Coolgardle, to iiBslBt In the rescue of Varlsphettl, tho entombed miner In Bonnie .Vale, . . 9,9 .9 9.9 9 An acrobat named Frank Travis, while per forming oh a. high trapeze at Harmers Cir cus, In Kllmoro (Vic.), missed his footing, and fell a distance of, about 16ft. to tho ground. He was rendered unconscious by the fall, .and had to bo carried out of the ring. Two men found a man's bo:'y hanging from the Church-street Bridge, over tho Yarra, In Melbourne. Round the neck was a coloured handkerchief, which fiiad been fixed to the bridge, It was: evident that the body had been hanging for several hours. Constable I Patterson was. Informed of the discovery, and 1 the body was reiqpyed to the Melbourne Morgue, where It was afterwards Identified as that of a stonebreaker, named Thomas Thorps, <5 years of a»- , 