FOR WOMEN. A DAILY BUDGET OF NEWS AND NOTES. THE DISAPPEARING MARY JANE. WHAT NEW ZEALAND WILL DO. For 3'cars the dearth of domestic help in New Zealand bng been growing moro and more acute, until the housewife has almost' become despair ing. A couple of years back the situation was so comfortless that the womenfolk threatened io inrow r.nc responsibility upon the broader shoulders of their husbands, and there was every likelihood that "the girl," or the lack of her, would be the cause of some ruffling of the political pool. A demand arose that tho Parliament should permit of the importation of Japanese "boys" for house work, but the Government turned its back on the demand, and no more was heard of it. Since then various solutions of the problem have been suggested without any success. The latest is the importation of youug women from England. Fifteen arrived at Wellington last week, and if tho experiment is successful it is likely that a comprehensive scheme will be put Into operation. Referring to the experiment, the "Lyttclton Times" says that in Christchurcb there are many complaints in regard to the difficulty of obtaining helps, and in regard to inducing them to do their work satisfactorily and to remain in their positions. It is the same old story of utter dislike on the part of girls for do mestic work and of the attractions of factory life. Tlio demand is very much greater than the supply. Good "generals" are offered from 12s a week to £1 a .week, and their keep, in Ghristcliurch to-day, but they will not accept those conditions, even in the cltj. Hardly any thing will induce them to go out into tho country. Soverai Chrlslchurch ladies have seriously discussed a proposal to follow in Wellington's footsteps. Something would have been done in this direction before, hut it has not been pos sible to devise practical means of securing a supply of girls in proportion to tlio demand. Recently, however, a resident of Fendalton has put forward a scheme which, although it is crude at present, will be placed before a number of people who are interested in the solution of tho problem. Her idea is that Danish girls should bo Imported to Christcburch as domestic helps. She lias made inquiries, and has ascer tained that many girls would be only too glad to come to Christchurch from Denmark. Sho has kept Danish servants of both sexes, and she says that her experience lias given them a very high place in her estimation. To use her own words, they are "careful, cheerful, faithful, trustworthy, and affectionate." In her opinion, in fact, they are infinitely superior to the Eng lish girls, whose abilities as servants she docs not praise. The movement has been pushed on so far that the Christchurch Labor Bureau has been asked to help in this Danish invasion. It is thought, however, that the Government .will not give tho Christchurch ladies much en couragement, "because, of course, it would affect the voting at the elections, until the girls became naturalised." The ladies will, therefore, try to carry out the scheme without the Government's assistance. Asked whether the Government proposed to do nnvthlut? In Hip mntt.r nf crmni o-ii-i im- migration Mr. Millar. Minister for Labor, stated that tlio High Commissioner had authority If suitable servants were available to assist tlicir passages. The Government did not propose to go any further. 