SUMMAEY. 3 The King sent a Marconlgram In reply to lie message of Earl Grey, Qovernor- Genoral 'pi Canada. His Maiesty said ho was delighted that wlroless telegraphy should unite the bonds letweon Canada and the Motherland so closely. The "Times" writes that the'Hague Con- ference has been a sham, and has done little good and considerable mischief. At tho final sitting of the conference M Kolldoff claimed that tho Prize Court would bo tho monument of the conférence It Is probable that the King will be re- presented at the teroontenary of tho landing of Champlain at Quebec ( The King h'as created the Edward Medal tor bravery in mines and quarries. A painful sensation has been caused In Pre- toria by the desecration of tho grave of Pre- sident Kruger. Great excitement has been caused In Wall- street over the failure of Otto Heinze and Co, of Now York. The stocks of several companies fell to the lowest level this year, and there was heavy soiling. The market was steadier later. Tho British railway companies aro arrang- ing a striko timetable There woro indications on Wednesday of a seaquake between Hawaii and Southern Mexico. Tho intensity of the disturbance far exceeded that of the earthquakes of California, Ja- maica, and Valparaiso. The Independent Labour party is promoting the candidature of 1200 socialists at the muni- cipal elections In England. Franco has decided to support Abdul Aziz, tho1 Sultan of Morocco, against rival claims to the throne. Sir George Sydenham Clarke, the newly-ap polntod Governor of Bombay, was heartily welcomed on his arrival. The Danish steamer Alfredor .Landsen, of Copenhagen, has been wrecked on St. Abb's Head, Scotland. Twenty lives wore lost. Mr. Longstaff bas finished his picture of Burke and Wills. The New Zealand football team defeated the Broughton Rangers by 20 points to 14. The unusually dry season will, it Is feared, result In tho failure of the wheat crop. If no further rains fall before November, the average yield for the Stato will not ex- ceed three bushels per acre. Should tho largest wheat districts bo fa- voured with useful rains, half a crop, or six Bushels to tho acre, may bo produced. A good gonoral rain all over the country »ffected would probably raiso the yield to eight bushels. i In all probability Now South Wales will not produce sufficient wheat this season to supply home requirements. Tho chancos of Mr. W. H. Irvine as the next Primo Minister aro favourably regarded. Mr. Watson, who arrived in Sydney on Sat- urday, said his contemplated action in re- tiring from political life -was prompted by health reasons. ' Ho had felt it necessary to have completo rest, and tho only way ho could get it was by froeing himself from tho strain of politics. Tho opinion is genorally entertained that Mr. Fisher, tho deputy loader of tho Labour party, will succeed Mr. Watson. ? Mr. Ewing, Minister for Defence will prob- ably rotlro at the next general olectlon. The Premier promlsos that tho Government programmo noxt session will includo a mea 1 sure to amend tho libel law. His Excellency the Governor paid a visit to Newcastlo on Saturday to extend a wel- come to two obaplains for tho Seamen's Mis lion, - ' , An agreement has been como to by the Raliway Commissioners of tho States for the carringo of malls at tho rato of £275,000 per tnouin. Letters have been received by tho Intelli- gence Department discounting the stories of disappointed immigrants as to tho scarcity of work One writer says-"Work? Why, there's heaps of it to be bad in the country, but not in the towns " Mr C. P. Martin, lately Consul-General for Switzerland in Victoria, died at Hawkesburn, on Saturday. A shearer named Lecount gave himself up to tho police in connection with the shooting affray in Anson-street, Orange. A complete scheme for laying underground »U tolograph and tolophono wires in the »treots of Melbourne has been prepared. A now comet has boen discovered by the Kiel Observatory. Demonstrations of protest against tho draft erdinances to govern surf-bathing were made at Bondi and Manly yestorday. It was decided on Saturday that tho price of bread should bo further increased to 3Jd per 21b ¿oaf. So far as present appearances go there seems Utile likelihood of a /all for some timo to come. There has been no further movement of the creep at Newcastle, though some of the fis- sures have opened out a little more. A slight earth tremor was noticed by resi- dents on the Hill on Saturday morning. Tho Northern Colliery Proprietors' Asso- ciation has decided to grant a conference with the minors' representatives. , . The collieries In tho Newcastlo and South Maitland districts havo had a busy fortnight. Brisk conditions aro likely to continue. The Sydney Labour Council intends to amend Its rules to meet the requirements of unions that have bocomo financially embarrassed. Tho third subdivision of 20 blocks, compris- ing somo of tho best land on tho Dorrigo, will be available for settlement at tbo end of tho Tear. The Town Hall authorities havo decided to enforco the bylaws regulating city blgns. A serious fire broko out in Mildura last night, three shops bolng totally destroyed. No water was available. A destructive bush fire raged on Friday night in the district lying between Picton Lakes and Mittagong. The petrol consumption test of the Auto mobilo Club, bold on Saturday from Parra- matta to Modlow, was won by Mr. J. Maillard on a Unlo The "B" Borles of matches at tho Empire rifle mcotlng'were shot at Randwick on Sat- urday. Thoro was a record entry. The principal event, tho Brown Aggregate, riR won by J. M. Black, of the Lands De- partment, who also won tho Mitchell. The Fairfax was won by H. Mascord (South Sydnoy), ana tho Cortcbo by J. D. Buckctt (Pambula). The Governor's Cup competition was con- cluded, and was won by tbo Randwick Riflo Club. The Caulfield Cup was won by Poseidon by » length from his stable companion Apo- logue. Welcome Trist was a good third. Pretty Polly won the Windsor Handicap, »nd Kuban the Gwyn Nursery. Captain Nicholson, a pioneer of the shipping trado botween Sydney and South Coast ports, diod at Eden on Saturday. Tho will of tho late Mr. James Laidley Mort has been proved at £10,239. At the City Tattersall^ Club meeting at Randwick on Saturday tho City Tattersalls Handicap waa won by Duke of Claronco. The University Boat Club regatta was hold on the Parramatta Rlvor on Satuiday. The Sydnoy Rowing Club won the Sonlor Fours, and Glebe tho Junior Fours. The upholstering factory of Messrs. Kell and Garrett, In South Brisbane, was gutted by Aro last night. The billiard match for the championship of Australia between Memmott and F. Llndrum, lun., was concluded at Adelaide on Saturday. Memmottt, tho holder of tho championship, won rather easily. The scores were: Mom mott 8000, Lindrum 7G88. The English and Gorman mails will bo de- livered this morning. The heat wave, which extended over the greater part of Australia, passed very rapidly over this State. To-day's forecast:-Few isolated showers «wer southern districts, and tendency to thun- der over northern areas, otherwise fine gener- ally, with variable winda. 