BUBAL TOPICS. Hie condition of the cereal crops Is be precarious, and unless lanners are ffrpured witlT really good / and'soaking l&WB; a1mo8t.1[ni&ediatdjrf; a partial failure mtffipe, looked for; '. But, .whatever the |®Sti*r1foay belikeinthe near.future, it is to leerowt a( prolific harvest, tt^mfemera, the jifaUee, and a portion of the Western district can be rescued by immediate rains, but the outlook in the cen tral and'nortb-ea&tera; districts of Victoria is bad, while in the Gqnlburn Valley it is tnore than likely ' that only the irrigated areas will produce good returns. Of course, really good October rains would be produc tive of immense benefit, and would be.par lieularly valuable in connection with' the dairying and lamb-raising industries, be cause o! the growth of grass that would be promoted, butfio fir tbejiulk pf.the cereal crops is concerned, their growth is eo back Ward that nothing like .the returns of the pa»t four years fean beexpected, \- While visiting Sale last week, the and one-third on the farm, and considerable ^thuwasm. was exhibited by the Btudenta. ? Th^Seymour Agricultural Societyhas de cidedto offer pHres for the best crops of maize, rape, and lucerne. The prizes are, offered tis a condition of the society par ticipating in the Government subsidy. . | The Dalby Jtorvmn Estate, recently pur chased l^ the tferling Downs Estate Com pany limited, and subdivided, was opened for sale on Sejpl. 19 by private treaty. One third of the estate ?was disposed of, prices ranging from £2/10/ to £3/17/6. Provision has been made by the state Go vernment for. the expenditure of £500, to enable tie. Department of Agriculture to bave a representative exhibit at the A.N.A. Exhibition, which! is to be held in January and February of pest year. The depart ment was not represented at the last exhi bition; but the grant that has now been made will enable it to supply an exhibit in keeping with the important interests it re presents. The Neerim. South Progress Asociation is taking steps to secure the subdivision of 1,000 acres of land, owned by Dr. Peacock and Mr. A. D. M'Callum. This land adjoins the township. A movement is on foot to in duce the Closer Settlement Board to pur chase another thousand acres, held by Messrs. Naylor, Stephens, M'Cullough, and H. Johnson, and situated from one to five miles from the township. In order .to «ope with the increased sup ply of sheep and lambs, and to give greater facilities for drafting, grading, and placing before buyers to the best advantage, it has been decided to hold a second sale at New market on Friday in each week, commenc ing on Friday, October 4. Consignors are asked to note that orders for trucks for the following Friday will require to be in the hands of their agents at 10 a.m. on the pre vious Monday. The period fixed for receiving applications for blocks under the state Ministry's im proved small holdings' scheme expired on September 20. The number of blocks avail able is 200, and for these 2,900 appli cations have been received. These will all be dealt with as having been re ceived on September 20, and, while other applications may still be sent in, those already in hand will, all other things being equal, receive priority in consideration. The date of sitting of the Land Board which is to deal with the applications has not yet been fixed. Arrangements are being made by the Min ister for Lands (Mr. Mackey) to make available thofe blocks in the Colbinabbin and Exford estates which were originally reserved for immigrants from England, but which have not been applied for. Plans of the reserved blocks were forwarded to the Agent-General so that they could be se lected in London. A number of the blocks were taken up in this way, but recently Mr. Mackey cabled to Mr. Taverner for infor mation regarding the blocks which had not been bespoken. As soon as this informa tion is received the blocks to which it refers will be made available for selection locally. The announcement*^ the subdivisional sale of the Arrawatta Estate, in the Invcreil district of New South Wales, has created considerable interest. The climate of this portion of the state is almost perfect, and the rainfall is regular. It is estimated that fully 75 per cent, of the land to be offered is suitable for lucerne, which thrives splen didly in the district. The estate will be submitted to auction at Invcreil on October 26\. Lithographs and illustrated pamphlet will be forwarded on application to the auc tioneers in conjunction, the Netf Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Co. Ltd., and Mr. W. H. Readaett, Ia^erell. Attention is directed to the advertise ment elsewhere regarding the subdivisional sale ofNanlma Estate, near Eugowra and Goolag^ng, in the ,districts of Cowra and Forbes, N.S.W,' There are 8,000 acres, to be t cut up into 20 farms, and the sale will be conducted by publio auc tion, at Cowra, on Wednesday, October 30\. The auctioneers are Messrs. Garnsey, sen., Forbes, and Rose and Co., in con junction. Farther particulars can be sup plied by the auctioneers, or by Mr. John Robinson, of Forbes, the solicitor for the vendor. Mr. Swinburne, the Victorian Minister of Agriculture, has stated that he was having inquiries made with a vciw of determining what action should be taken in respect of the importations of West Australian stock into Victoria, owingto the appearance of surra in the vfestern state. Mr. Swinburne also stated that a-proclamation was about to be published "to permit the importation of stud pigs and pigs intended for slaughter from New South Wales to Vic toria without restriction,-except the neces sary health certificate. The stock regulations are also to be amended so as to remove most of thi^affietis that at present exist, and give New South Wales paBtoralist6 a practically £re$ market across the border. - Application^ : been made to the 'Miiil9t|r^fo^ .lib."-- l»ave all the l>lodks ' ranga, and Fu mina, which . Were surveyed about twelve jnOi^tftB . >gb, . made available for. seleciion -without delay, The Minis ter has ifds^t^i^ftaueBtcd to have all the Crownl&a;? . the Latrobe sur veyed.apd^thrownas it is known that they will tak&n; 1>I>» in view of the 3Prejdetff f^ftise^ intention to construct a.li|fat l^^'t6 i^ {Magpie Creek. A num ber paid application on, blocks in No6 months - ago, but ^ §^i4^>pportuhit|r of been requested to «end . Inspector Bcanlon to the district to report on'the quality of the soil, - . A sound horse will stand a 'wonderful amount of work if he has the right kind o£ care while, at it. It is almost useless to expect anything extraordinary from a horse which has no i ancestry of any merit. If a horse was left to choose for himself, he would eat all the hay he wanted; and if still' allowed to choose, he would not be driven -with his stomach full of hay. Idleness rarely improves the condition of a horse. A single bad habit may change the value of a horse very materially. There is nothing more strengthening for young colts than plenty of exercise. * The executors of the late Mr. W. Lewis have decided to sell by tender 4,000 acres of the Stoneleigh Estate, near Beaufort, in lots to suit buyers, the land being suitable for cultivation. j When handling a horse, self-control is es sential. Don't get out of patience and kick ! and fume if the animal does not do as you 1 wish. Try again, for probably the poor : creature did not quite understand what you ? expected it to do. First decide what you ' want to do. and then give your horse the < order; don't expect the poor animal to guess at what you want done. Practical experience in fanning is of great j advantage, for nothing so impresses the far- f mer with knowledge as observation and ex- j perience on his farm; but theory should not be ignored. Theory leads to new dis coveries, the testing of breeds, plants, and flowers, and increases the knowledge de- ( rived from practice. The well-bred youngster that is impro perly fed will at maturity be but little better than a scrub animal. But if the dam is properly nourished during the nursing period, and the young animal subsequently fed liberally, it will attain the normal size of its ancestors and display all the leading characteristics of the breed to which it be longs. ~ * At the monthly meeting of the council of the Royal Agricultural Society of Vic toria, held on the 17th inst., a vote of thanks was unanimously passed to the met ropolitan press for the able manner in which the recent show was reported, and for the valuable assistance given to the society in ' its efforts to advance the interests of the producers of Australia. The Daily Congress, at present in session at the Hague, has carried a resolution re 'commending the nations represented at the conference to prohibit the importation of butter from countries which do not accept the obligations regarding the substances which may be mixed with butter, or which do not possess an efficient controlling organisation able to secure the purity of butter. It is also recommended by the con ference that the importation of butter not provided with a state guarantee be prohi-i bited. The methodical habit of the Danish fanner is displayed in the way his cattle are made to feed in the pastures. Instead of turning the herd loose in the field, he very generally pickets them in a line, each with about 30it. of rope; the pegs to which the cows are attached are moved forward as the animals cat down the grass, until the whole field has been grazed. The Danish cow usually wears a sackcloth coat when out in the pastures; this covers her from neck to croup. Mr. Crowe, manager of the Government ! Cool Stores, states that the last ship under . the existing butter export contract is the steamer Wilcannia, which sailed on Wed- ' nesday. Mr. Crowe has requested managers , of butter factories to mention, m their advice notes with future consignments, the name of the steamer for which each parcel * of butter is intended, so that it may be 1 placed in separate chambers, and the space , required in each steamer definitely ascer tained. Matters in connection with the shipment of butter under the new arrange ments will probably be complicated for a little while, owing to the indefinite nature! of the shipping business. At the agricultural classes under the auspices of the Baringhup and Maldon Agricultural Society, there were 70 per sons present. The chairman urged upon the farmers and others interested to come along to the class and gain all possible in formation in the work of agriculture, wool sorting, &o.;, which was very essential to the farming community. Mr. F. E. Lee (superintendent of the Agricultural depart ment) addressed the meeting on the culti vAtion of Boil in its various phases. Mr. Haile, wool expert, read an interesting paper on the different breeds of sheep. ' Practical demonstrations on wool-sorting, &c.;, were given every afternoon. . -> ' The Lon&oa; frozen meat nia^^iiccord ing to Mefcgs. W. Weddel ah&Vuo;/a re port dated august 23, remained quiet, the chief attentiop being given to latnba, The supply Of Ajistralian mutton was in excess of the slofr demand, and values were rather weak at a further slight reduction. Stocks of New Zealand mutton were moderate, and, in spite of theslow eale, values were main tained. In lambs, there tob u good de mand from the provinces for carcases under! 381b>, but for heavier weights the demand showed a further falling off, and prlees were weaker. There was only a moderate inquiry for frozen beef, end fores we W still v$iy tveak, while hindquarters lost a copd .deal .-of tjbek standing the faefrifaaichilled beef price* were fairly tfell maihtaincdat a full level. , There-was once a thoroughbred station: called Vatican, standing at Hambledon, iff Yorkshire, whose eyes were put out so that he could not see where to kick or bite. It is the poorest kind of economy to milk a cow up to a short time before she is due to calve. Give her at least sixty days in. Which to rest, and she will more than make up for the lost time. The digestive system of the sheep is com plete, and when food is once on its way to supplying nourishment for the body, it is practically decomposed before being cast out. Therefore, any weed-seed consumed by sheep is effectually destroyed. When the cow gets uneasy and kicks, da not get .mad and rush off for a club. Better see whether you have been squeezing a sore teat or your finger-nails dig into the teats. Trim your nails and milk gently. Rough handling never will break a cow of kick ing. ( Sheep are the best animals to turn in the orchard. They keep the grass close, do not pack the soil aa much as other stock, and distribute droppings well. Young trees are always apt to be endangered by sheep or any stock. The lower limbs of old trees may be browsed, but generally to no large extent. The necessity for salt increases m'tb tMg amount of concentrates given. From tbre6> fourths to one ounce of salt daily is a rea sonable allowance for a cow. It should be supplied daily rather than at irregular or infrequent periods in larger quantities. The practice of placing large lumps of rock-salt where they are accessible to the herd is satisfactory, provided the salt is kept under cover in a clean box. Every flockmaster has noticed instances in his own flock of lambs making a much more rapid growth for the same length of time than others of the same age. The de gree of vitality possessed by the progeny at the time of birth has much to do with the early growth of young animals, and must not be lost sight of in estimating milking merits in ewes; however, when ewes appar ently bring forth strong healthy young, and then foil to nourish them well, it is an evi j dent fact that there is a lack of milk to sup i ply them with nourishment. After foaling^BjafiesshouId be allowed to rest £mp ^ywhen they can Do not take " er during the » no harm to ^mother in the s period. The be given the ( if following their ? mothers in the field, will be very helpful in [ giving them a goad^tart in life, and the i foals may be defended upon to take better care of their mothers' bags during the first [ months after foaling, tliau the average farm hand will give them. If you have more than one foal, give them the freedom of a paddock, or house them together in one box 6tail, or pea. The [ equine family, like the human, are sociable beings, and will be more contented and [ thrive better if kept together, than if tied in separate stalls. The exercise that they will receive by being kept in paddocks or loose-boxes will in itself be beneficial to | them. You will find, by the practice of this system in the care of foals, that at weaning I time you will have the foal thoroughly, ! trained to eat, and by giving it good grazing with a grain ration you will not experience any set-back to the youngster by the loss of its mother's milk. A regulation relating to the introduction of stud pigs into Victoria from New South Wales has been passed by the Victorian Executive Council. The ex isting prohibition regarding the introduction of stud pigs from the. northern state has been removed, provided that the importa tions are accompanied by a statutory de claration from the owner that there has been no swine fever on the property from which the animals come, and that they have not been in contact with pigs affected with swine 1 fever during the preceding 12 months. A j certificate showing that a New South Wales j inspector of stock has examined the pigs is l also required, while 14 days' notice of inten tion to export the piga has to be given to the Victorian chief inspector of stock. Butter shipments for London by the Oruba comprise 2,471. cases, or 61} tons, from Melbourne; 731 cases, or 18J tons, from Sydney;- and 2,427 eases, or 60J tons, from Brisbane.: The Moravian left Melbourne on the 18th inst. with 4,059 cases, or 101J tons, in ad dition to 606 cases, or 151 tons, from Syd« ney. The Kent left Sydney on the 2Q<' I Inst with 1,000 cases, or 25 tons. 21§. Wilcannia has taken from Sydney 530 cased, T or 131 tons. Last week's mail steadier," the Mongolia, took from Adelaide-1,488 I cases, or 271 tons. Shipments to "London since July 1 compare with the correspond ing period of previous seasons as fol>. I lows; 1901-5. 1905--6. 1908-7, 1907-8. From- Tons. Tons. Tons. Tons. 1,011* 1,1021 8711 *381 dney w .. .. 890 i,m| i«l fi&uie; <0*1 ssS siol Hpe«.. 77 m 108 St| , .. .. S,US| 2,073 1,2381 Jplthe Oruba. 1,010 frozen lambs have been shipped for London. Wheat jtnd fiour.^^ments from Aus tralia to destinations beyond the Gommon w£i»l$hsince December 15, 1006, consist of approximately 26,040,847 bushels wheat and 1,355,143 sacks flour, together eqt^ahnt tQ 32,449,583 bushels, or 809,184 toe 