■TOCK AHX STATIONS FOB SAXB, Queensland Pastoral Property* TO PASTORALISTS, COMPANttI^- 'ifi]} INVESTORS. GOLDSBROUGH, MORT, AND CO., LTD., Have received instructions from the Executor of the estate of the lato A. Wj. Robertson, to IOPFER FOR SALE by PUBLIC AUCTION, in Melbourne, during the month of July, THAT HIGHLY-IMPROVED AND VALUABLE r - SHEEP STATIONS '' ' • "Marathon," Situated, in Ithe BURKE DISTRICT, .QUEENS LAND, Comprising £,120 Acres Freehold Land, ■ And About ' 800 Square Miles of Leasehold Land, ffhe lease of which has been extended under the .conditions of the Act of 1002, and will not ex- Bire until 1031 ; together with 100,000 SHEEP, About ' ■• -50,000 Ewca, 17,000 Wethers, 2 and i tooth, in equal pro* portions, ' . " | 1,000 Rams, Boonooke, and others . 32,000 Lambs, summer and autumn. , 160 HORSES, AND 100 CATTLE. / This magnificent property has (always been , Considered one of the finest in Queensland, and after having been in the possession of the late Mr. A. W. Robertson and his family for 25 yeaifs, is only now being submitted in conse quence of a desire to wind-up all matters, this property being now the only remaining sheep station belonging to the estate. , "MARATHON" is situated on the Flinders River, to which it lias a double frontage of ~ about 12 miles—the homestead is most conveni 'tmtly located, being within 8 miles of the •"Marathon Railway Station, on the line from Hughenden to Richmond, which runs right} through, the property, ,„ The sheep have the reputation of having pro "duced for years the finest description of Merino yiooi grown in Queensland, as is evidenced by the keenness with which the " Marathon" wool la sought for by the home and the Continental buyers every year—the clips of 1905 and 1906 Were scoured at the works in the district, and, when sold in Melbourne, realised as high as 22jd. and 24Jd. per lb. respectively. The country, excepting the frontages to the Flinders River, is mostly rolling downs, and is considered by all as first-class sheep pasturage, being heavily grassed with Mitchell, Flinders, and other well-known fattening grasses. The Improvements ore of the most complete description, comprising homestead—out- stations, and all necessary buildings, as well as tho re quisite accommodation for shearers, and nothing baa been spared to enable this magnificent pro perty to be efficiently and conveniently worked. Tho woolshcd Is fitted with 60 >Volscley shear ing machines, everything there being in perfect order, and as it has been arranged that shearing will not commence until August, the purchaser Will thus almost immediately have a handsome return from ithe value of the ensuing wool clip, . .which is expected to be a heavy one, as tho stock have passed through an extremely favour able period. The water supply has been a studied feature in Ihc management of " Marathon," and this is confirmed by the fact that there are no less than 10 artesian bores on the property, which give an abundant and never-ceasing supply ; in addition to which the Walker, Sloan, Namoi, ftnd O'Connell Creeks run through the property. The fencing, which includes 27 sheep-proof and 10 horse paddocks, is all in good order, While everything in the way of implements, plant, &c;, that is necessary for the proper working of such a valuable station is on the place. The average rainfall of the locality is about 50 inches per annum. For date of auction sale note later advertise hienta, and in (the meantime Messrs. Golds brough, Mort, and Co., Limited, will be pleased to supply any additional particulars and infor mation that may be required by intending pur chasers. GOLDSBROUGH, MORT, AND CO., LTD., '"" Melbourne, Sydney, and Rockliampton. ANGORA BTUDS ftna pLOOK3 o* TURKISH Imp. Strain, at UWA 1d« moderate prices. E. SCHNEIDER, Angora Farm, Coonamble, N.S.W. SITUATIONS WANTED. A' I Mrs. Feneley's Registry, Queen-Btreet, opp. G.P.O.—Diseng., Working Housekeepers (North preferred). Also Housemaids, Governesses, Lady and Mother's Help?, Married Couples, men and women Cooks (hotels), Station Hands. 'Phone 1638\. - |A T Mrs. Gardner's Reliable Registry, •"• Adelaide-st., Brisbane. —Diseng. gover nesses, lady helps, female cooks, suit coun try hotel; lady hskpr, domest. nnd excel, ndl woman, suit prvt. or bus house; cap. farm, stn., htl hands ; good mar. couples. IV^TANTBD employment anvoing cattle, '** station manager, or overseer, an ex pert drover : first-class references. Apply jMacfcagga-rt i?ros., Brisbane. PROFESSIONAL ENGAGEMENTS, ETC. iA-^'f *mtfuel>y School, regd.. Federal j 4-*- Chbrs, Queen-st, high-class millinery col lege; pupils thoroughly taught in all branches millinery, up-to-date modes; indi vidual inst'tn; comptcy guar'td; prospectus on application. Miss Easdown, principal. [tTIGH School for Boya, Soirthport.—Head **■ master, Rev. H. H. Dixon, 8.A., Can teb. (3 years house master Warkworbh House, Cambridge). Sound education; large new school ; private chapel. Building 3 fitted with acetylene gas and all modern -improvements. All boys under immediate core head master. Terms on application. SUGAR ENGINEER disengaged; capable ot taking charge largest plant; well .versed in latest methods and economics. Good draftsman and estimator. Highest credentials, " Chief," C/o Gordon & Gorton, Sydney. [ MACHINERY, METALS. ETC. A FACT worth knowing.—The Wilson "■ motor leads the world for simplicity, durability, economy ; used C wealth naval authorities, Q'iand Gov. r'lways, ship. coya. Wilson Ending Works, 103-106 Elizabeth-st. AGRICULTURAL MACHINERY. The Oateat and best Disc plough*, eeed drill*, cultivators, harrows. Any imple ment or machine used on the farm. Buffalo Pitt's traction engine. Catalogue* on ap plication ; terms arranged; agents every where. International Harvester Company of America, Roma-etreefc, Brisbane. CAMPBELL OIL ENGINES. Largest sale in Queensland. Garrett'i steam engines. The "Melotte," the king of cream separator*. Steam pumps of every description, windmills, disc ploughs. Clark and Fauset, Eagle-st, Brisbane. TAMES B. Wood consulting mechanical v engineer. Central Bldgs,Edward-st., Bris bane. Carnegie structural materials (beams, joists, angles, tees, plates, &c.; QUOTATIONS furnished for winding ** plants, pumping and irrigation plants, ore reducing and milling machinery, light railway plant for mines, sugar estates, &c.; G. and J. Weir's boiler feed-pumps, i motors and oil engines for prospectors and others j the "Kilgour" patent carbide-feed automatic acetylene gas generator. James B. Wood, Central Buildings, Edward-st. TJEFRIGERATION.—The "Hercules" is x* the most economical, simple, and durable refrigerator ever offered. No but ter factory is complete without one ; the , ideal freezer for a butcher ; for ice-making ' it is unrivalled ; 647 machines installed within twelve years. Brown, Webb, & Coe, Ltd., 74 Turbot-street. WM, ADAMS & CO., Ltd., Engineers' Furnishers, Lubricating Oil Merchants, and Machinery Importers, 87 and 88 Eagle-street, Brisbane. Telephone lflO. NORMAN M. BELL, A.M.1.C.E., I Consulting Mechanical Engineer, 856 Queen-street, Brisbane. Stirling water-tube boiler* for Bale. Tl. No. 1888. A.8.0. Code. \X7AUGH & Josephson, dairy and ie *" frigerating engineers, Leslie's Build ings, jHdward-a'fcreet. lICENBED VICTUAILEEB. AN ideal Summer Thirst Quencher, Golden Apple Cider, new Bhipment just arrived in superb condition. Obtain able only at Tom Holmes's Belfast Hotel, Queen-street. Holmes's New Brew* Holmes's Special Blends of Whisky. Firat clas9 Accommodation. Telephone 1173. AUSTRALIAN Hotel, Queen- ufc., Bris "**■ banej absolutely free house; unrivalled position ; every comfort for travelling pub. lie; modern apartments ; moderate tariff. 'Phone 124. Peter Vallely, proprietor. T&lGGS;'fc Exchange Hotel, Edward-fit., ■■-* thoroughly renovated; first-clasa liquora only stocked ; terms moderate. rvLOBE Hotel, Adelaide-et., near Central Railway Station ; first-class acoommo dation; terms mod, for perm, boarders. M'MAHON'S HOTEL, "Royal," Queen-street, opp. G.P.O. Tele phone 1344. One of the best houses in Brisbane. Special accommodation for country visitors. Terms moderate. Best catering plant in Queensland, Best liquors only. ri-VRAStJCONTINENTAL Hotel) opp. ■•*•' Roma-st. Railway Stn., heart of city, all trams pass, terms moderate ; direct im porter of Talisker whisky, wines, spirits, ales, stout; families sup.; goods delivered rail etatns. free charge. D. O'Connor, prop. ULSTER HOTEL, Centrally situated, cr. Edward and Eliza beth sts., one mm. G.P.0., near Central Rly. Stn.; no tram-noise; excellent accom. modation; thoroughly renovated ; choicest liquors, first-class cuisine: Perkins' and M'Ewan's only. D. Shanahan, prop, (late mngr. Transcontinental). Tel. 1229, ■\fARYBOROUGH.— Royal Hotel, under x- vice-regal patronage, finest hotel north of Sydney, accom. for tourists, visitors, & commercial men unsurpassed in Q'ensland. < All trains met. Edmund Baker,- proprietor. CHEMISTS & DRUGGISTS' SXTNDEH9. (-1 AIR tonic makes hair grow long and ?J-sbr<mip;, nice to use, 2/. .Wilkinson, chemist, Valley. ■ TZ"iALARA cures sore tihroat, cold in the ■"• 'head, influenza, .dengue, 2/6. Wijjkin son, chemist. Valley. "MUIISiEiRY ihair wash destroys nit? or vermin, and maike3 children's heads clean, 1/. WaJUrin?om. c'hemiist. Volley. SaULPHUR hair restorer brings bask colour, to «rey hair, helps growth, cleans ■scalp, 1/6. Wiflrinisoin, chern^t. Val. *DRON<OHITIS cure cures cough or *-* phlepjm in tihroat, bronchitis, catarrh, husky voice, 2/. Wilkinson, chemisit, Val. ■p^CLEOBRIC ointment heals all sorts of ~* Bores, cuts, boik, bites, cha,pped liands, 1/6. Wilkinson, chemist. Valley. ' TO SELL, HIRE, OR EXCHANGE. TTOTEL, Toowoomba, populous subm^b, i J-Lexcellent sband, great traffic; 5 years; low remt ; £500 ; a bargain. P. G. Clark & Co., Toowoomba. TTOTEL, on railway; no opposition; store •"•attached; lease 7 years; rent 25/ per week ; dE3SO ; rare opportunity. F. G. Clark & Co., Toowoomba. J^OLASSES FOR STOCK FEED: Molasses for Stock Feed obtainable in any quantity at THE MORETON OEN TRAiL MILL, NAMBOUR. N.C. RAIL WAY. Price, ONE "PENNY" PER GAIiLON, delivered at the Mill. _____ PUBLIC NOTICES. IMMIGRATION TO QUEENSLAND. NOMINATED PASSENGERS. Permanent residents in Queensland wishing to obtain passages for theiu friends or relatives in the United Kingdom or the Continent of Europe may do so under the provisions ot the Immigration Act at the following rates :— MALES between one and twelve years, £2; between twelve and forty, £5; over forty and under fifty-five, £10. FEMALES between one and twelve, £1 ; between twelve and forty, £5; over forty and under fifty-five, £10. MALES and FEMALES fifty-five and upwards, £16. Infants under 1 year are free. Applications and payments to be made, according to the locality of the applicant, to the following officers :— Immigration Agent, Brisbane. f Bundaberg. Assistant Immigration Agent 4 m™*™** o*'0 *' L Townsville. At other places in the State—the nearest Clerk of Petty Sessions. J. ON, BBENAN, Immigration Agent. MOTORS FOR HIRE AND TO SELL. 1~)E Dion cars, the world's best, always ■■■* in order; a pleasure to drive. )Je Dion cars bring a far bigger price second hand than any other make. Be wine, buy a De Dion, and have a good reliable asset by you. Rover cars, Reo Cars, cars from 100 guineas. Write or call particu lars. Howard Motor Garage, Quecn-st. TtfOTOR Oars.—We are sellers of high- JXMm grade " Fool proof* oars only, and they are the *'Humber," "Russell/ and "Darracq." Call and inspect. Canada Cycle and Motor Agency, Motor Depart* ment, Creek-street. MIgCELLAITEOTrg. ■ A LL should eaii and see the quality and **• prices of our goods, and compare with those of others ; we give best value ia town. Dilger Bros., Watchmakers and Jewellers, Wharf-«treet, near Queen-street, Brisbane. Established 1889. ..Telephone 34. AT L. VUL & SOWS' Saddles, Harnea?, and Collars. Kindly see our goods and compare prices before pur chasing elsewhere. 472 and 474 Petrie's Bight, Brisbane. < BEST buggies and sulkies in iJnsbaue at Birch & Sons. Send for free cata logue. Wickham- street, Valley. i^ONSULT Herr Rassmussen, the cole- brated Danish herbalist, specialist in private, nervous, skin, and blood diseases, piles, rheumatism, debility j treatment by post a speciality ; advice free. Write for circulars and question list. 211 Queen-st. STREAM and milk cans, milking bucKe«, v measures, &c.; Sachs & Co., Warren* street, off Wickham-street. Valley. ENLARGEMENTS made from any old & xv faded picture. Send orders direct to us, ft you will find our prices 60 per cent lower than what is usually paid. Only one address : Tbos. Mathewson Co.. opp. Opera House. Queen-st. /XALVANISING. — Metal galvanised; " charge moderate ; quality unequalled. C.M.G. Co., Ltd., 276 Eliz.-st. Tele. 1024. TRON.—Cheap, corrugated, roofing, all ■*• sizes ; spouting, ridging, &c.; Sachs & Co.. Warren-st.. off Wickbam-st., VaUey. T ADIES, why waste your time and money ■"when you can consult personally or by | letter Prof. Gibson on all your troubles ? Cures guaranteed when others fail. Only address Bank of Health. Adelaide-street, Brisbane. 1 door from Albert-st. Tel. 1568. TtfTASONlC—Regalia, anything you re- XTi quire, we supply at manufacturer's prices; everything made of beet materials. RothweU'w Limited, Edward-street. TV/I". Hemsworth, saddler, Bris., for canvas ■*** horse & cow rugs; Dr. Allan's embro. catn. & powders for horses, cattle; best. " REPAIRO." To mend any fabrics, silks, satins, wool lens, cottons, kid gloves, mackintoshes, &c;, without needle or cotton. To be had from the leading drapers, tailors, ftc. 'pRJMUS inter pares, nulli gecundus, ■"-• Commonwealth tubs and buckets made by C.'M.G. Co., Ltd., patent .machine pro cess ; inspection invited. 276 Elizabeth-st. " fELErao^ES; Electric bells, pushes, electric light fittings, calbles, &c.; write for quotations to Bris bane (Electrical Co., Thomas Toriks, 47 Elizabeth-street. rpO Men Vitally Weak.—l will send re x madcaWe euro, free. Addj^ess, Mr. J. Curtis. P. 0.. Prahran Melbourne. TTMBRELLAS re-covered from 2s. 9d., repairs lowest rates. Practical work men ; satisfaction. A. Lind, 167 Queen-et. TTMBRELLAS.—Buy direct from maker, and save middilemen'B profits ; stylisii, serviceable. A. Lind, 167 Queen-street. YOESTON" BROS. Buckboards, 4-wheeled dog-carts, sulkies, phaetons. Estab. 1883. Fiveways, S. Bris. In the face of the stupendous number of pictures which represent Queen Victoria on any and every domestic occasion with iher crown on, it seems decidedly strange tlhai ehe did not, as a matter of fact, wear it more than twenty times during iher whole reign* 