The British railway companies are arranging a strike timetable. | The King has created the Edward Medal for bravery in mines and quarries. j A painful sensation has been caused ja Pretoria by the desecration of the grave of President Kruger. Tfc is probable that the King will be represented at the tercentenary of the landing of Ohamplain at Quebec. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, Prime Minister of Canada, has declared that the All Red Line shall, must, and will succeed. , The New Zealand team of profes sional Rugby footballers defeated Widnes, Lancashire, by 26 points to 11. The ' Times ' writes that the Hague I Conference has been a sham, and has done little good and considerable mis chief There was great demoralisation in Wall-street (New York) on Wednes day, and frenzied selling nearly preci pitated a panic. Ida Soehle, a Munich nursegirl, aged 13 years, has confessed that she mar- j dered six infants because their crying J troubled her. I The Premier of the Transvaal de clares that Asiatic immigration is one of the greatest dangers to the Trans vaal. Lord Minto, Viceroy of India, gran ted Mr Keir Hardie, M.P., an inter view, and discussed the questions ot education and emigration of maians. j Two Red Indian chiefs belonging to j a tribe in the Canadian North-west territory, have been committed tor murdering siok and useless tribesmen. I Canada contemplates preferential trade arrangements with Italy and Germany, the latter being willing to withdraw the sur-tax and^meet Canada half way. Italy has appropriated £40,000 for the benefit of the survivors of Gari baldi's army, which numbered 12,000, while there are already 24,000 applica- J tions in. Correspondence Bhows remarkable obstinacy on the part of Sir R Bond, Premier of Newfoundland, m refusing to assist Lord Elgin to frame a modus vivendi regarding the fisheries. Signor Marconi is transmitting press , messages between County ^iway (Ireland) and Glace Bay (Nova Scotia), averaging 30 words per minute. The majority of delegates from the shipping federations from Great Brit ain favor the formation of an inter national strike fund for laying up vessels instead of importing strike breakers. Great excitement has been caused i" Wall-street over the failure ot Ott Heinae and Co, of New York T e stocks of several companies tell to tne lowest level this ) ear, and there was heavy selling. The market was steadier later. " The letters of Queen Victoria shows that at her instance " The Times" was remonstrated with in 1861 for constantly attackidg every thing Piussian. In reply, the editor of » The Times " promised to give the Prussians " respite from the most cruel of all inflictions—good advice. W Daniels, Temora, N.S.W. savs : -- ' Some Bix months ago I was very "ill for nearly a week with colic xjains, suffering great agony. Speak ing to Mr Riguey, one ot our local chemists about it, he said he had a pood remedy for such complaints. Leaving me for a few minutes he returned with a bottle ot Chamberlain e Colic Cholera, and Diarrhoea Remedy. After the tii st dose I felt reliet, and in less than 24 hours was completely pnred. My daughter had also during the last few months been similarly attacked, but a dose ot Chamberlain b Colic, Cholera, and Diarrhoea Remedy soon put her right. I am now nevei without it in the house, and make a uoint of recommending it to my friendB.' For sale -by R b Howard Dud Bono,"' Mr Longetafp baa finished his picture of Burke and Wills. Weiss defeated Roberts by 910 in a game of billiards of 7000 up. A sailing vessel capsized off Ulea taorg, Finland, and 21 workmen were drowned. There have been 3995 deaths from cholera in Russia during the past; three months. The New Zealand football team defeated the Broughton Rangers bv 20 points to 14s. France has decided to support Abdul Aziz, the Sultan of Morocco, against rival claims to the throne. Sir George Sydenham Clarke, the newly appointed Governor of Bombay, was heartily welcomed on his arrival. King Alphonso was thrown into a river through a bridge collapsing under his motor. He was not injured. The Independent Labor party is pro moting the candidature of 1200 social ists at the municipal elections in Eng land. Speaking at Toronto, Rudyard Kip ling advocated preference between Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa. According to Lord So Aldwyn, th ~ success of Socialism would destroy th mainspring of individual enterpris" and personal interest. 1 The Danish steamer Alfreder Land sen, of Copenhagen, has been wrecked on St Abb's Head, Scotland. Twenty lives were lost. Edison says that within a decade Marconi will be able to send a thou sand words a minute across the Atlan tic by wireless telegraphy. • *0*e£rapb operator at Wellfleet station, Massacusett's, has died from shock through the intensity of the electricity in the sending-room, Mr Edison has perfected a storage battery of almost unlimited capacity. He says that everyone owning a horse will soon be able to afford an automo bile. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, in the course of a big speech at Ladysbank strongly denounced socialism. Under it, he said, liberty would be slowly but surely starved to death. Mr W P Schreiner, former Premier of Cape Colony, is re-entering politics, tie says South Africa is now one, and it only remains to manufacture machi nery for its government. A fourteenth century statute of the Virgin valued at ^J2000, supposed to have been stolen from a French church by M. ihomas, has been mysteriously returned from London to the French police. There were indications ou Wednes day week of a seaquake between Hawaii and Southern Mexico. The intensity of the disturbance far ex ceeded that of thd earthquakes of California, Jamaica, and Valparaiso BABY'rf LITTLE TROUBLE. Baby s cough, if not attended to, often lesults in croup and other serious troubles. Always keep a bottle of Dr ►Sheldon's New Discovery handy, and be prepared. Every bottle guaranteed. Obtainable at M McGlynn and Co. Storekeepers, Parkes." ihe Hamburg-American Company's new liner will be of 47,000 tons, and capable of doing 18 knots. Herr Ballin, manager of the Hamburg Auiencan Company, declares that it is impossible to operate ships of the Lusitania type without Government assistance. A strtke of the railway employees in.the^United Kingdom is imminent ihe Conference representing all the British Railway Unions has decidec unanimously to support the demand ol the Amalgamated Jriociety for recogni tion. Ihe leading newspapers supporl Che men's demands, Ihe English railway companies an preparing, in the event of a strike, t< teed and lodge their employees as wel as pay them a waye of ^>1 per whek ihe president of the Associated Society of Locomotive Engineers and Firemei strongly warned the members of the danger of rushing into a conflict witi the railway companies, 