NEWS IN BRIEF TO-DAY'S ANNIVERSARIES. THURSDAY, 5th DECEMBER. MOZART—Died 5th December, 1791. FIRST AUSTRALIAN TELEGRAM SENT, 5th December, 1851. ALEXANDRE DUMAS (pere)—:Died 5th December, 1870. The Portland Freezing Works are put ting through 1200 lambs per day at pro sent. The Union Company has purchased the WoliingfcHii patent slip. 'TTlila is j generally considered a preliminary to the j coinpuny ! its head-; quarters.v ir '*•" i *Tho | contemplates taking early neHon‘with regard to the de signing-of: the' of Aus tralian; ■postage, stamps which will' bo put into circulation in. 1910. : •... •.? An eel caught .in_Uio Stockyard Greek, i near. poster, -, on. Sunday- by ,Mr P. fl. Brock, a local angior,. turned. the scales , at 221 b. It measured & feet 8J inches by i 18 inches girths - M --• ! ' 'V' : v , , .* * A lyouiigl man named Bert Lancaster, | while riding a motor cycle at Charlton, was thrown* from the machine with- such j force that he had •tvfo ribs broken and j his shoulder dislocated. The • feecietary of the A.N.A. competi tions at Warrrianiboolj which are to bo commenced early in Janlary, reports that the entries to hand already outnumber those of previous years. The principal ovemt is a vocal scholarship of £3O. Largo numbers of people took part in the opening .of the fishing season- at Kuslnvorth on Sunday, but the results were disappointing. An effort is propos ed with the object of obtaining a rever sion to the old date of opening, 16tli Oc tober. Mrs David Morgans, of Brunswick;* in the Bunbury district (W.A.) was killed \ through being thrown from a sulky. Her home bolted, and the. vehicle, striking a post, capsized, with tho result . that ! Mrs Morgans was tlirown heavily to the ground. A Danish seaman named George Soren sen, 35 years of ago, while aloft bending sail on the British ship TTnrold, lying at "North Oockton (X.S.W.) on Tuesday,.fell from the upper port vnrdarln on tolhb deck of the ship Thornliebauk. which was lying alongside, and was killed. The names of the new steamers of the “"M” class-(each 11,000 tons), now being bpilt by thd’P. atid O. Company, will'he Medina. Mantua. Morea. . These vessels are on the lines of the Moldavia class. Present engaged in the _ Australian trade; but will be of greater length and beam. Despite the oft quoted intentions of tho Commonwealth Government to .• ad vertise Australia, and the various vaunt-; ed schemes of the States to attract immi grants, every Australian visitor to Great Britain expresses keen regret uoon- his return at the feebleness of the efforts of tho Australian authorities. . _ A woodcutter, named . Ned Davis, was : VvSirr ll i s l lut * at * r <Kint David 1 (?j.S.W.) on Tuesday in a fertible plight, i here was a bullet wound in his breast and his face was greatly disfigured, as it he had been repeatedly kicked. Davis, whose* recovery is doubtful, wa6 unable to give tho police any information as to Ins assailant. The Minister of -Customs lias been: in formed that one of tho .South Australian harvester manufacturers who admitted that he was not complying with Mr Jus tice O'Connor's award under, the Hnr r^ r t , Ex S, ise Act of 19fte *Rd complied with the Customs Department's demand for excise duty, and had paid the tax A mob of oerws, numbering 54, owned bra dairyman named W. O'Gorman, of ' vas taten. to Muswellbrook iv i'^;\\. 0n Tu .?^ ay I,y in apparent ly £? a U- hy cation They were taken to St. Heller s Flat to a paddock on the !^ k " r "-Hunter Hirer for agistment, and 48 of the;cmrs died shortly after The mortality is inexplicable. John Ferguson, farmer on the Lower boddon committed suicide on Tuesday t).y shooting himself with a pun. De ceased, who had been in indifferent neaiih, recently consulted medical men at nendigo, whose opinion indicated that there was- no hone of-his recovery. This moraine his dead bodr was found on-his shin it a recently discharged pun oe- Mcssrs J. 0. Tonne and Go. reDort the sole on account of Messrs Chanmnn. itugms and Cos., of Melbourne, of their Gunnee Estate, near Tnvereli (NSW) comDrisine abpu!' 31,000 acres of freehold ,°f "Inch is admirablT suned for dairying and farminp. The T? rs - and Warner: inleml to siibdn-da tl-e estate for closer settlement immediately. .. ; The overlnnd nio'orists. Messrc J)ut ton and Annger. who reached Coward (P.A.) on Snlurrinv. found that advance supplies of petrol had been left in the sun and. owing to the excessive heat, ihe tins had burst. Insufficient oil was 1 on hand to proceed, and the motorists nronose. to take the’ train on Wednesday to Oodnadattn. 107 miles. The shade temperature is 110 degrees. • numerous shirt factories starting m Sydney have had the. effect of taking away tailoresses employed in large clothing factories in the manufacture of ?, 11 ™°m . • W™ Kenna, secretary of the Tailoresses’ Union is boinp offered Ss a head for all girls which she can bring mjo these slop factories. It is said that the wages offering are oven higher than those paid by the' Arhitrn-. *.Y\ n .1.-ourt. so that "The Song of the Shirt is scarcely applicable in Sydnev just at present. - 1 ’ The scheme for the establishment of a Victorian Festival Choral Society, the initial move in connection with a trien for Australia, asa'n ™5 and b f Frederic Beard some months ago. has now taken tangible fnflnenf' ?' ,nnß " le last fr "' months an influential executive committee lias been formed, who will undertake the carrying out of the idea. The committee of'the Urphens Society has decided to„(Ksbnnd that organisation, and ’ merge into the new- society. Rules for sin-ring niem brrs have been formnlafeJ. and voices Mr Be-ird bC "' ff t< ’ sted l,y t>lp conductor, Two tramway 'employes named James n~;Yi a r'" I'rancm Thomas were com mitted for trial at Sydney on Tuesday, elmrged Will, eonsmraev to cause Goo-'...! Paul Minchin. Woodward to write his name on a certificate of examination for vision, sense, nnd hearing. On being asked if he had anything to say l!n'!™if' w|>o IS color blind, stated lie had allowed Burko to impersonate him as he was a married man, and desired tw w Ills position. He did not know K, he ,"' :ls , do 1 ln S anything criminal. Thomas kn °" C< SCd havlI1? 'npersonated An extraordinary death occurred on Sunday at Pomt Hughes, near Moonta ■ A ; ) - wdliam Thomas, aged 19 years, v.ent out rabbitine .and, not haying re turned by daylight, next morning a ,-'' Ch tJ aa f instituted. The veins of a dog attracted attention, and Thomas' body was found with the head in a rab iVtr \r°?- 116 'i 111 thrust his body intc ths burrow, and was unable to get cation* 111111 I,o ' l I ' was caused by snffo „ M [, s It. Fc'nnctf, of Benconsfield. late of South uippsland, complained on Sunday ■lnst, of feeling very unwell. When slio was seen last thing in the evening, ap parently there was no need of immediate medical wtlondance, but on Monday morning James Bennett, an adopted son thn+TL ° f to a neighbor that his mother was lying on the floor, and would not speak to him. Mrs Ben nett wa« dead 