Wat ^««traitait ®0ton mb Cmmirg fmmtal "Pa»t, Prcstnt, Future." SYDNEY, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY" 13, 1907. THE DEVON IMMIGRANTS There 1 muled at Sydney în rhe early part of this week about sixty assisted immi grants, mainly young men oí the farm la borer claws. They were recruited in Eng land by tho efforts of the representatives of this State, and were consigned to tibe care of the lnfornwUlou Department, and a fair ?proportion oí them were young Scotchmen. According to expert opinion, they all seemed to be men of h class well able to make their ?way in a new country. Some were sent off to employers straight away, and it is expected that 'the remainder will be similar ly provided for during tibe present week, so it would seem that faith ls being kept with .them, .so far as obtaluinri employment is concerned. Hut we read that a number of the men were very disgusted at Anding that they could not get a pound a week and boa wi and lodging fdr unskilled farm labor. One youth from «the north of the Tweed is reported as hav ing said that 'be could get a pound a week and lils keep in Scotland, ami he re ferred to a local offer of ten shillings a week and his keep with n good deal of contempt ami bitterness* A passing official, however, quieted bis fears with a statement tlhat as soon a» bo understood Australian conditions he would have no difficulty in earning a pound a week ami 'lils keep. On this assur ance tho brawny son of Scotia ceased his complaints, and signed on with an employer, and thc local ofllclal« seem to have succeed ed In persuading some men Who originally intended to go to New Zealand, to stop here ¡Instead; so that just now -tibe immigration indiistry may be said to be floauiehinig, even if onlj- in a small, way. But we venture to tfhink that the State's representatives In England have in some, way failed to make clear to the immigrants the true attractions ' of New South Wales, an<i- ¡have consequent ly promised them a great deal too much in one way, while saying not enough in another. - .' . ? [ \ On the first point, of their naring said too mitch-there is no dojubt that a statement that a farm laborer with a knowledge bf local conditions can easily obtain work alf a pound a week and his keep is misleading. Tlie ordinary fanner expects to get a green hand at ten Chillings á week and keep;. a somewhat, better man at twelve slnllings; and at fifteen shillings there is no- difficulty in obtainingperfectlygood and trustworthy men, who know their, work well. There are no doubt intermittent and local seasons of scarcity, when no men seem to apply at all; ^but, taking the general run of rates for. la bor, those quoted by us fairly represent the wages that can be got in New South Wales as a whole. If men are being sent ont . here with the assimrace that they will have ? no difficulty in getting a pound a week and their keep, then they are being promised too much; but, on the other hand, enough does not seem to have been made of the pros pects that are open to them to make homes for themselves and better their positions. It is extremely doubtful whether the laborer as such is any better off here than in Eng land, for tlie greater cheapness of commo dities there would make up for the slightly higher wages paid here. But the lahore* in England has nothing to look forward to. He cannot, except in very exceptional cas~3, ever aspire to owning a farm of his own; whereas in this country, if a mau keeps some such ambition steadily before him, he has every prospect of becoming a farmer in a fairly large way, and with such a prospect In view he should he contented to put up with rough surroundings, hard work, and, for a thne, rather low wages. The man who comes out intending to bo a farm la borer all his life, and with no ambition to rise any higher, is, of course, entitled to quibble for the highest possible wages. But the settler of the right sort is the man who will look rather at. what he can learn than what he can en rn for the first year or two. The newly arrived immigrant is, as it were, an apprentice to the business, not of a la borer, but of a settler, and the opportunities that are open in this latter calling are what should be urged upon.him. when he is invit ed to leave the old country and come over here. The prospect of prosperity ahead does not seem to appeal nowadays to the laboring men, but the country is full of laborers who have risen to good positions by steady per severance; and in another line of life, as an example of What, can be done by n stntdy determination to succeed, we may instance tho career of Mr. Crick. That gentleman once stated that during his youthful days he took work at shepherding for what he could get, and lived .on "goannas," a figura tive statement, of course, as a person of Mr. ' Crick's ability would no doubt easily supply himself with some better food. But while shepherding he was studying wi Uh an ey o to the future, and though the career of Mr. Crick ls not one which we could advise youthful immigrants to emulate in all its details, yet there Is n lot *to <be lenrnt from the achievements of the erstwhile shepherd. The Scotch immigrant who wailed about his "pun' A week," and others like him, might take the lesson to heart, and, if they cannot get a "pun' a week" now, they ought to be satisfied with the prospect of something better later on. Following their plan of ÍA04 ana lOOB, the Danish authorities have authorised the issue of a charity stamp, which is to be on sale* at all the post offices in Denmark. The stamp costs two "grer" (the third of a penny), and the proceeds of Its sale will be given to a hospital for children. About £10,000 was ob tained by the two previous sales. Tho great Engllsh-French-Germnn technical dictionary, begun in Î90Ï, Under tho auspices of the Society of German Engineers, is nearing completion, and printing is to begin early in 1907\. Over 3.000,000 word-cards have been col ¡ lected. Dr. Hubert Jansen, of Berlin, is editor, and about 2000 firms and individuals in Ger many and elsewhere are assisting In compila tion. In the Andes thore 1B said to be a wax tree, the product of which is very similar to bees wax. . 