Story of a Russian Elopement. TH'E CAPTAIN' AND THE GENERAL'S WIFE. ; «; MME. OTJCHAKOFFS, OWN STORY. \t ] ; > NO. 4, ' - . It took- us Aye. times twenty-rfour hours to get to Alg<eclras( and wo- scarcely'/slept a wink or ate a meal during this whole time. v Our for mer voyages' had been .leisurely pleasure trips,: compared to this disorderly flight. .. It was such a nightmare1 that-we sometimes feared;-we- were, going mad/ and. I remember huit, hazily all the. details.: .1 only: tried to retain the fa/ues of the spies, and they stand out clearly In my memory to this day. M ' mother was certainly too clever : and distrustful not to have us followed closely oh our trip to Perpignan. We noticed sundry individuals continually roaming round our boxes, and the porters grinned and winked at them, whilst I had tho luggage'booked. Still, we pass ed the Sipanish customs without a hitch and arr rived at nightfall in Barcelona. . Here we, de cided to, thwart the spies and go on to Valencia separately and as Englishmen. That was. a nasty mgnt. There are no corridor trains ia that part of Spain-, and I was all alone in my carriage, remembering all the. tales of Spanish robbers and murderers I : had read or heard pf. My revolver, on, my bosom, I sat up all night, looking out into the black darkness. Indeed, things seemed to be troublesome in Spain after the wedding. Gendarmes and soldiers, armed to teeth, accompanied each train; ahotB were fired and. stones, thrown at the cars, as they slowly limped through the night. In the faint light of a dim lantern, you could see sinister faces at every station-men in velvet suits and broad brimmed sombreros, set above a red silk hand kerchief; women, wild and dishevelled, with an orange blossom dangling above their ear, black eyes and white teeth sparkling in answer to the soldiers' jests. I was thoroughly worn out on arriving in Valencia at 6 in the morn ing. Here we went to the. same hotel, but in different cabs (we had to wait 10 hours for the Alcazar express). This was the last short sleep we had till we got to Gibraltar, but we had to change trains in Alcazar at 1 o'clock a.m. The station was dark and dreary. Only one man got out except us, as the train sped on to Mad rid. I immediately recognised him as being one of the spies that had watched our boxes at Valencia. " A cross and sleepy porter told us in broken French that there were no hotels in Alcazar, but that he would take us to a fonda, for our train (to Cordoba) was not leaving till 1 p.m. A fonda is a public-house where respectable citizens take their meals in the day time, but which they never approach after nightfall, Then begins the fun, for rowdy Spaniards come by hundreds, play cards, drink, sing, ' love, quarrel, and frequently fight till morning. We could get no water either for washing or drinking, though a barman officiously offered us anything we wished in strong liquors; we re fused, and spent the few remaining night hours in listening to the horrible din downstairs. One of the men had a splendid voice, so that even in our distress and weariness lt was a pleasure to hear him sing. In the morning we paid our bill, and went over to the station for breakfast. Alcázar seemed to be a dingy, dusty, little place, very much like certain provincial towns In Russia. Still we thought of going for a drive before lunch, but tue waiter told us there were no carriages to be had for love or gold. He was a Frenchman, and very loquacious. "Eh, madame," he said, "this is not our good town of Montluzon! There are no trams, no fiacres.'' The dootor alone possesses a trap to visit his patients. The lazy Spaniards work on mules and foreigners mever come here to stay. In due time lunch was served, and our train steamed in. I had difficulties in booking my luggage, which I wanted to go through to Gib raltar. I do not speak Spanish, and the porter understood no other language. Afterwards I aired my Italian, and got on better. The "spy" happened to come up, and actually helped rae In my explanations. The luggage could only be booked ¡to Cordoba, where wo were expected to arrive early next morning. Another hot and miserable day, another dreary sleepless night were before us. I began to feel nervous and vory tired, so wo doolded to let our luggage go on, and ourselves stay part of tho night in Beetza, where wo could catch the Cordoba express at 3 a.m. We arrived at Beetza about 10 In the evening, and left the carriage, taking our handbags with us. The young spy leant out of his window, and waved his arms fraotlcally. "Madame," he cried In French, "are you going to stay hore? Why? Are you going On with the express to night? Are you?" But his words were lost In the rumbling of 'the moving train, and I just waved my hand to him, with a pleasant smile. We made a pretence to partake of supper at the station, and Interviewed the lady behind the Counter about some hotel. She was a true Andalusian belle-pale, moon-llko face, flaming black oyes, with an exaggerated frill of eyelashes, rough lips, beau tiful teeth, and elaborately dressed: blue-black hair, a rod pomegranate blossom stuck above her left ear, and immense gold earrings. She understood my Italian, and I understood her Spanish well. "No; there are no hotels here," she smiled; "but my mother keeps a respectable fonda not far from tho station. La Signora will be most satisfied, for lt ls a very handsome place." To our weary ears her words vjore sweet as her voice; but, ohl how bitter the reality 1 Imagine a small, filthy room with a big bed and a straw chair for all furniture; no .washstand, no - shutters^ to, the windows, no carpet ibm the dirty floor. A horrible old witch (alas! if her ; pretty daughter is. doomed to .,be- Ilise '-her, one day!) 'brought us a cracked basins with; greasy \- Water for washing, and a candle stuck In a . bottle. She was followed by half', a dozen girls, .' who stared at us open-moüthed;.; and would not leave the room, .though ..the. old ! wo man administered smacks right . and left. ^You must not mind them. . They are only children, and it is a rare treat for them . to seé !strangers." "When we did get the girls out they squatted on the floor oitslde the locked door, and looked through the, chinks, . We shall never forget Bobadila; we sat lhere;: and waited; three hours, till both the Madrid , trains came in and ours Va's ready'to' star tv We could neither eat nor drink, thoUgh. English influence is paramount in Bobadllla. The sta tion wnp. beautifully clëan,; and the abundant II-nen daintily served. ; Our revolvers were cccked, 'and . we ?'wera' ready, to die every ; minute. Each hour seemed as long as r : summer day. What a sigh of relief we dir" . heave when we climbed into the handsome, clean cars, and heard the conductors speakln* {English! We scarcely felt the )heait, and the white dust, and the glare of the Africar sun.on the .greyish,'bare hills, that looked a<v If they were burnt to cinders. . The captain sent up his thanks to God before the small image of Christ which was his mother's Mens ing the year he went to school, and neve-., leaves him. I was crying in my corner, m: nerves completely shattered by fatigue anc" excitement. Order and peace reigned now at all the sta» tlons; tidy, handsome women offered fresh' wa ter (aqua fresca) from earthenware, long spouted pitchers, that .looked like over-grown teapots; they keep the water deliciously cool. Strings of mules were ever following each other on the wlñte road, : carrying flour-sacks on their backs and jingling the bells on their red-tape bridle; their masters walked' by their side, a red kerchief tied over their heads and a pipe between their, ivory teeth. Naked boys drove herd's of long-limbed, reddish pigs, and goats Innumerable, c'ambered on the mountainsides In Boarch of the scant blades of grass. Where \- a stream trickled-a tangle of wild, luxuriant vegetation . arose; in some peaces we passed orange-tree; plantations, duly Irrigated, stand ing out/' d'arkv-green and shining on a back ground of: baked mountains and milky-blue sky. Then a subtle, salt breeze began to flow, and a blue streak appeared ahead-there was the sea, there was English territory, there was safety before us! At Algeciras five young men approached us. I could not tell whether they were spies, thieves, or simply roughs, but they stared at us, pushed us, puffed smoke into my face, and behaved very aggressively; ' luckily for us the commissioner of the Cecil Hotel,(Gib raltar) came up to us and ordered them away. "These are scorpions," he explained, as he took oar. bags-"half-Spanish, half-English, na tives of Algeclras, and Gibraltar, and a very bad lot Indeed. You may expect anything from them. Alone, they are cowards, but when In force very dangerous Indeed. They are kept under In Gibraltar, but not In Algécirns, whero the Spanish Government never inter fores with them, and even uses them somo tlmeo as detectives." Oh, the relief of getting on the boat, and breáthing the fresh sea air once more! The splondld rest in Gibraltar! The blessed feeling of freedom and security! The cool reading-rooms and lounges! The nice baths, clean bedrooms, sheets, and towels! The excellent food, and the generous claret! We had never felt sb happy, never had civilisation and repose tasted so sweet! We lived through many an anxious hour since; but this hot, miserable, and fearsome flight through the whole of Spain (without Booing practlqally anything of lt) still remains the most loath some of our recollections. When 1 look back upon lt, I only remember misery, terrors, wild oxpense, heat, filth, and killing fatigue. Well, we spent two delightful, restful days in Gibraltar; In Bplte of tho man's evident wil lingness to serve and please us, wo still flonir wha. distrusted tho hall-porter, who had met and saved us from the "scorpions" In Alsoclrns. I could not take It for granted that his hint about ''detectives" had beon a pure coinci dence So wo casually told him wo were leav ing by the P. and 0. boat for Bombay, and meanwhile I booked at Cook's office for the Gorman boat, bound for New York. She was one of the Lloyd's slow ones and took 10 days to got there, stopping nowhere. Eventually a spy wired to my husband about our intontlon to sall by tho P. and O., and he Immediately went to Marseilles, whore ho decided to walt fer us. This saved us, for, when ho learnt tho truth it was too late to catoh us up In Gibraltar. Howevor, he took another course, whlcb spoilt all our intentions, and got thc whole affair into the PreBS. Had lt not beer for his following us to America, and belnfl interviewed by journalists there, I vow that w« should never have spoken a word, compromis. lng him, and oursolvos, and thus ruining overj possibility for us to roturn to RusBla. Wt too.t somo drives In tho cool of tho evening, A willing driver (also a "scorpion," but a verj tame ono) showod UB tho principal forts, thc pretty public gnrdons, tho caves In tho ont skull-Bhaped hill, tho clean streets, and thc battleships In th© harbor. All was so fros! and clean after dirty Spain; and tho numerout soldiers wore such fino follows; tho Spaniel troops always reminded us of the opérette. Wian thh tender left us,on; the..;German boat (König Albert)/4we( had; a| great disappoint- f mont; our cabin was just next "to "the steerage, whore 107¿ Italians and Greek immigrants were stowed:'away. They sprawled all over the ship,' blSclced 'the ' passages, shoutèd, ' danced, sangy played cards, drank,' and- fought; all thé way. Sometimes: the din, was' deafening.' Happily,' at! 1Û p.m.,' officers arid' ' soldiers pushed and Jostled them into their' bunk's^"and locked them in/ so thát till 6 in the morning we could rest1." from ' the noise, and the indescribable stench of ' garlic, beor, and dirty humanity. Many of tho lu'vvlirig children fell ill,, ind two died. .Luckily thfV.weather ;yás\\\yery'..'fltte','':the " boat, steady, dovk accommodations good, f ooçt excellent,, and the p^ssengers^mbstly nice. jWelsleept and ate . heartily,',' and speht our, ' days in comfortable de^k-chairs, talking to many, delightful people. : There,- were some, professors of American Uni- . varsities returning from their holidays (ona eví.i spoke Russian, and most could get on wltn the . captain in; French), a pretty young Swiss lady-teacher from a girls' School iii', Pohkahpsee, a Danish music professor, several Germans, many Italians, a sprinkling of ûi'r American women and - noisy girls, an* Austrian' actress, and a. small man in spectacles, who professed to be a Russian officer, wounded in Port Arthur. When Interviewed by us, he, proved tu Le a Polish Jew, and could speak no Russian at'all. He was willing to confide IIJB secret to us. Pie said, "I am an Anarchist, an.I have been mixed up with the' bomb out-, rages in Odessa. Pursued by the police, I es capod to Moscow, whence I took a boat straight to Genoa." . :.? : . . . Now there are. only a few rowing boats .on the Moskow River, which dries up to a small stream in;summer. There aro also some big ponds and fountains in the parks; but those can . hardly be considered as means of communica tion with the outside world. So we stamped him as an impostor and avoided each other carefully. ', " . .' A good brass band played every evening; the Americans indulged in animated "two-step," the Germans in languorous waltzes, and the Italians in wild stampede. These latter were the black sheep of the flock; though travelling saloon, they were far more flt for the steerage, whence their countrymen stared at them with envy. The men were rowdy and noisy. I remember one having a violent quarrel with his cabin companion, whom he accused of steal ing cigars. The ' women lounged about the deck in dirty dressing gowns, fastened all awry, arid ^tattered slippers. They shrilly abused America, the boat, everyone; and praised "la bella Itallà" to the skies. Their children were of another mind. I once spoke to one of tho boys in Italian.' He answéréd: "I have lived over five years in America (he was barely ten) arid: am an American citizen now; I do ' not speak: Italian." The captain and I used to talk over our future plans for hours. I hoped to get into some large New York Hotel as interpretess or under-manageress; I would begin by asking no salary, but only board and residence for both. If this failed we could try to reach some Rus sian- settlement In Canada or Carolina, and invest the small sum of money remaining to us in a farm. I am rather an expert in farm ing, having spent just half my life on my fa ther's immense and well-managed, estate in Central Russia. I studied cultivation, horse and cattle breeding, gardening, and Irrigation very seriously, for that estate was to be mine some day, and I love the country passionate ly. Housekeeping hus been a closed book to me; but I hoped to learn lt in no time. In deed, my education must seem strange to any Australian girl. I can speak and write five languages, talk about everything under the sun, dance, swim, drivo three horses abreast (Russian "troika") better than any profes sional coachman, ride to hounds, superintend any work in the fields, prescribe for slight ail ments for horses, cows, and poultry, read lec tures on feeding pigs, etc.; but I could never boll an egg, moke my own tea, do my hair, sew on a button, or even put my stockings on; we kept such a lot of willing servants that it was considered folly to exert oneself in the least. If a lady drops her handkerchief lt ls two to ono that she will ring and have the ser vant coming in from the third room to pick it: up. The only thing I did sometimos in the country was . to harness or saddle my horse, for I love those animals, and I never liked anybody to moddlo much with mine. I once had a small Cossack pony for six years, and ho was never ridden by anyone but me. All winter he led a free life In the studland only returned to the stables when I came. Ho loved hunting as much as I did, and used to follow a hnro or fox without my having to guido him. Oh many occasions I foll from his back, and he just continued his course, till the hounds «aught their prey; then ho would stop, neigh, and walt for mo to climb on him again. So the pleasant, rostful dayB sped on and wo wore both sorry, whon we first sighted the Long Island Lighthouse. Hero ends our honeymoon and holiday, I said, and a life of toll and worry boglns. Let us pray God to help us, for I feel weak and fearful of the future. We awi ved at Hobocken lato in the evening, and could not be lot ashore till next evening. During tho night two accidents happened, which cost tho ship's captain 2000dol fino. First, a second-class passongor put on his saving belt and mado for tho shoro, thus avoiding the Immigration offi cer's visit; thon a woman »prang overboard with her child, and both wnro drowned. She was ono Of thc G rook stíMirugo pnsriotigorfl. "Von bet," said a burly American; "th.M-<Vi going to bo a third accident to morrow; thoy no vor como by twort.' "You hoar that," I nnld to the cap tain; "porhapfi lt will 1m our turn noxt. Thu general may havo got to Nf uv York by a factor boat from Havre and moot us nt land Inn. Lot us proparo for tho worst undi bmd our IOVOIVTM-H on co moro." Mino was found to bo quito rusty after its ftvo day's Journey through Spain, when lt nover loft my breast. "Wo «hall die If wu sr*o tho gonoral," wo said as wo crawled Into our bunks for a short rest, tho Customs oHloors hoing due on board at 0 a.m. (To Be Continued.) 