AUSTRALIA'S GREATEST | NEED. EMIGRATION FROM THE OLD WORLD. J1R. OOGHLAN'S ADVICE. rA valuable report concerning the scope for emigration from Europe to Australia has just been "made by the New South Wales'Agent-General (Mr. T. A. Coghlan). In it_liet8&ys;:-"The question of the emi ' gratiqji 'from cEurope has been tlie theme of much 'discussion, and manypersons ;have offered .themselves as agents lor'the purpose of obtaining settlers for Australia; especial 4y from ^Germany and. the " Scandinavian countries. Towards the close of last year 1 madea visit ±o Germany jvitli the object of closely looking into , this matter, and .?when there had the advantage of personally; discussing the position with certain eminent authorities,, and of learning the opinions of several gentlemen largely interested in ship ping, "who ."would be disposed to further tbe idea of emigration to Australia should any practical; proposal be propounded. During last year over 375,000 emigrants eailed out of Bremen for New York, and of these 20,000 only were Germans from Germany. Of the remainder some were Germans from '.Russia, but the creator number were not of German nationality, but Russians, Czechs, Tvjleg, Lithuanians, and other Slavs, or sub jects of the Austrian Empire. Nearly the whole of the Germans who emigrated left their fatherland to join relatives or friends in the United States who had sent for and assisted them in the payment of their fares. None were recruits obtained by an emigra tion propaganda, and all authorities agree that it is practically impossible for Austra lia or any country to induce emigration from Germany. There are two causes ope rating against emigration, either of which would be sufficient to keep Germans at home. These are the conditions of labour in Germany and the attitude of the Impe rial German Government towards emigra tion. -Obstacles in the Path. "Germany is, and has been for the last 15 years in a state of great economic acti ivity. Within that period factories have sprung up on evei-y side; indeed, to an ob server the most surprising fact in German industrial life is tbe newness and number of the factories-labour of all kinds is in de mand, and most of all, agricultural labour. -6o scarce are agricultural labourers that not only is women's work almost universal, but so soon as a child can use a rake or a hoe he or she is sent to the fields to labour. ,When I was in Germany the harvest was in full swing, and a quarter of a million labourers had been imported, mainly from Hungary, but also from Poland and Russia, to gather in the crops. Even with this sup ply there were labour difficulties, and sur prising as it would seem, the agricultural papers were recently seriously discussing the question of importing indentured coolies from China. Notwithstanding the scarcity of home labour, the earnings of a German farm labourer are small, the usual weekly wage of a farmhand in the fertile districts of mid Germany being equal to 15/6, with out keep, and it is certain that a fair num ber could be induced to emigrate were it possible to place before them the advan tages of Australia. But this cannot be directly done, and very possibly it would be considered by the German Government ae an unfriendly act if it were attempted. The laws against emigration jjropaganda iu Germany are severe and very strictly en forced. The German Government is deter mined to retain its people in its own terri tory, and the law forbids, under severe penalties, any one directly or indirectly per suading, or attempting .to persuade, any German subject to leave the ."-ountiy. The law goes still further, and a shipping com pany is forbidden to contract with any tforeign Government for the transportation of Germans, or to receive from any source whatever money in payment for the fare of any emigrant, nor is it lawful to advance money to any person for the purpose of enabling him to emigrate. The Imperial Chancellor's consent in each individual case is necessary before any of the acts just enu merated can be lawfully performed. That the provisions of the law are rigidly enforc ed may be gathered from the circumstances attending the recent imprisonment of a Ger man subject, living in Munich, and repre senting an Argentine land company. In certain speeches which this man delivered lie had referred to the attractive conditions ef the Argentine, and as he had received, for some service rendered, a trifling pay ment from the Nord-Deutseher Lloyd Com pany. which trades with Buenos Ayres, it was inferred that he was carrying on an emigration propaganda, and he was dealt with accordingly. \- A Vast Enterprise. "The police have very strict instructions to nut- down infractions of the law, and the ordinary advertisements of a steamship company, notifying dates and rates t>f pas sages to Australia and America, were re cently called in question by them as incit ing to emigration. Indeed, so far is this policy carried that the papers which receivc subsidies from the Government are com pelled to refuse shipping advertisements which do not satisfy the police r,s to their wording. ]n ignorance of tbe law several colonization agencies have from time to time l>een established, but any attempts on thair part at propaganda work came to a speedy end. Canada still maintains an ofliee at Bremen, but does not attempt to obtain immigrants from Germany; the office serves the purpose of a convenient point of administration, as Bremen is a place of embarkation for the Central Euro pean people, who come in large numbers to take ship for American ports. The only Germans who could be readied bv an emi gration propaganda are those living in Rus sia. Tliere are -more than 350,000 persons of German descent settled in the Ural re gions; many of these are wishful to emi grate, and no objection would be raised by the Russian Government if agents were sent among them, but any emigrants ob tained from the Ural would have to be brought to Odessa, carried to some Mediter ranean port, and there transhipped to a vessel going to Australia. This course could only be taken as part of a vast emigration scheme quite beyond the intention of the Australian Governments, or beyond their capacity to carry out. Even the coloniza tion agencies employed by the Canadian Go vernment have never attempted so exten sive an enterprise. -Rigid Lnwj "Germany does not stand alone in its dis countcnance of the emigration of its nation ids; in most of the European countries from which emigrants are desired similar restric tions exist; In. Switzerland very, strict laws are now in force in regard to emigration propaganda. No one is permitted to estab lish an emigration agency without the ex press- sanction of the Government, which is often refused. As an example of the strict interpretation put upon the law, the writer of an article about land for sale in Missouri, United Slates, was fined £4 for inciting people to emigrate. The law pro- ] vides, among other things:-That full par- j ticulars of any emigration proposals (must be deposited with the Swiss Federal Coun cil; licences to carry on emigration work will o-nly be .issued-to persons of good repute who are. in the. enjoyment of.-.full civil and political rights, and who have a permanent Swiss domicile.; emigration agents must not be in the employ of any steamship or rail way company; they must deposit £1,600, aiid each mbagent £120, .with the Swiss Government," to be estreated in case pro mises madeio emigrants are not fulfilled; agents are personally responsible for pro inises to emigrants made by themselves or by their foreign representatives; copies of all correspondence with emigrants must be available for Government inspection at any time. \--Opportunities in Queensland. "The Swiss emigration is much less than it was 15 years ago, but that something can be done in "the country may be judged from the following letter from the Orient Com pany's agent at Zurich: ' There are restrictions against active, canvas sing for emigration. The ¥\Viss Government does not allow any one to induce our agricul tural class of people to emigrate IJV offeri'iyr them :Uhi: t('(l D'.iEKaRc, Ei"ants of land, trua'.in lee of rni(jlo<tnent, but we should advise .vou to publish weekly in two of tlie most-read newspapers amonjr farmers the cheapest pas sace to Australia. This would be an excellent advertisement i" addition to the distribution of the posters, and will be,the best medium to induce a laree business, as our fawners emi eruto IJV thousands every year to all coun trius, ehieilv to U.S.A. You can book emi grates 'rom Basle to Ixnidon -at the special rate of £2. but thr-y must be received on their ariival by your liconic to be prided from the station to the steamer of the Qrient-Uoyal Mail line, this beintr the prescription of the Kwi;s law. Is there no possibility to auotc a lower landing rate for those emigrants who liave lit tle means to dispose of. Vou are no doubt aware that the United States of America ask finly £10 of an adult, or less if lie is In per fect health. Most of the emigrants whom we book for the Cnitfd States of America or for Canada have usually less than £i left after they have paid tlieir nassase money. The agent speaks of thousands as going to the United States. This may lead to an exaggerated idea of the field of operation available. As an actual fact thetotal emi gration from Switzerland in .1905 was just over 5.000, and of these 4,500 went to the United States. -Emigration Discouraged. "In Norway also the Government now dis courages any emigration propaganda. 1 lie country is sparsely settled, and the authori ties have initiated a policy of colon zing 'at home'-that is to say, ot settling the people on their vacant lands. The Norwegian Am bassador in London, Dr. Nansen, writing on this matter, says:-'I do not hesitate to say that any propagandisin in Norway, with the object of increasing emigration, will not coincide with the wishes of the Go vernment. Public opinion, as expressed through the press, lias lately gone strongly in favour of reducing emigration.' Fur ther, Die law provides that emigration agents must give security to the Govern ment for £10,000., None of the passage money can be advanced to the emigrant to be paid off after his arrival in the foreign country, and agents makintr incorrect state ments "as to the affairs of foreign countries are severely punished. The emigration from Norway varies greatly with the condi tions of employment; during the last four vears it averaged 23,000 per annum; in the "previous four years the average was under 9,000. The great majority of emigrants go to the United States, but some few go to Canada: In Italy there are stringent laws regulating emigration, although tnesc laws are not rigorously carried out, except in regard to countries to winch emigration would be considered objectionable. Italy is a poor country, densely peopled, and emigration is a necessity, as the population per square mile is about 305, and rapidly increasing. Recent emigration from Italy has been on a vast scalc; the returns show 750,000 left the country in 1905, and it is believed that an equal number emigrated in 1900. Many of these however, went for the harvest season only, and returned to Italy in the winter; indeed., in ordin»iy years, more than half of those who emi grate return. Of the total iust given, 278.000 went to European countries or Tunis, 310,000 to the United States, 5,900 to Canada, and 122,000 to South American countries, chiefly- the Argentine and Brazil. -Italian Colonization Suggested. "'J he Italian Emigration Act forbids all 'incitement to emigration,' and provides the following penalties:- I Six months' imprisonnnut and a fine not ex ceeding 4110 for any ikt-oh who shall cause or promote the emigration of one or more per sons nsair.tt the laws and aeainst the r«rohibi ticn of the Fovoicn Office in force of Article 1, last paragraph, which reads:-The Kcrciun OffUc after an understandine with the Home (Hire c:in prevent oinicration towards any spe cial rcerii n whenever public order or other cave reasons sliould necessitate their doiiis go. With a tine up to £40 to the carric" who rhall introduce between himself and the cmi CTa'it any middleman, who shall not be Ins own representative, and with the same penally for the carrier or hie representative, who shall passion as spontaneous enii(trants. having paid their own passace, anv parties who shall in slead travel at the expense, total or partial, of any forr-iirn Government or private enter prise: fin] in the case of repetition such fine shall be increased to £S0. On each emigrant from Italy there is im posed a tax of 8/4; it must therefore be concluded that a certain amount of recruit ing is permitted by the Government. In deed, from the following extract from a letter of the Italian Ambassador in Lon don, it may lie gathered that if Italian immigrants are desired in Australia they could'eventually be obtained: According to the Italian Emigration Act ivro panandii-.ni for emigration is forbidden. The same law alFO forbids the enlistins: of cnii eianh; "M undertakings beyond the seas with out a special authorization from the Ministry - Jor Foreign Affairs, which mav impose special conditions and guarantees. If therefore the Government of New South Wales wish f*1 pro euro Italian agricultural labourers, they should begin l>y" naming the locality in which they would he employed, and by communicating a draft of the agreement" tiiat the Government or private employers would enter into with them. I think that if your Government were to en deavour to orcanize an aurkultural Italian colonization with certain assurances for ihe welfare of the emijrraiits, and to commence the san.e on r. limited experimental scale, the Italian Emigration Commission would be wil ling to help them within the limits laid down bj the Emicrntion Act. As the result of private eneiuiries, I feel certain that a very desirable class of Italian agriculturists could be obtained if it were consistent with the policy of the Govern ment to allow of their introduction. If the number in any steamer were restricted to 50, the authorities would not consider the emigration laws were being' infringed; but in any it would be necessary to con eult the commission _ charged . with the supervision "_of emigration. An explanation of the want of correlation between the let ter" of the law aud its administration" may l>e found iu. the habits of the emigrant himself; As already pointed out,' many emigrants return to their homes after a sbori stav abroad, and the same person often makes several voyages before finally settling down. The Italian emigrant abroad is a source of revenue to bis coun try, and las-t year it is estimated that over £0,000,000 was remitted to Italy by her absent sons. The average farm_ labourer's wage in Italy varies, of course, in the dif ferent districts, but does not 'average on the.whole more than 1/8 per day; so, not withstanding the difficulty of readily re turning to their homes by reason of the distahce from Australia, it seems likely that the higher wage obtainable would jtempt' iriariy desirable emigrants'to make the venture. . . . . V / . . , '-France and Denmark Unfavourable. "Little, if anything, could be done as re-, gards French emigration. The following pre the views of tlie agent of a great ship ping company in Paris, whom I consult ed: We would say that tlie law of military con scription is insurmountable olfitacle to tlie emifrration of French subjects, except to those who cr.n show bv (heir military napers tliat they are exempt or liberated from service. We have consulted authorities on the emi<rra tion question who only confirm our own con viction, that success would not attend efforts, however cnticinp the offers micht be. towards fmieration among the French agricultural ' classes. Inducements are offered in this di rection bv Canada, where the French lanjruaRO is much'in use. and the result is practically nil. Knowledge of a fdreicn lancuasro is,a very serious difficulty, hut not the principal one. Frenchmen generally have rooted objec tion to leavine their country, and would much rather put uu with hardship® and difficulties than do so. The Chilian Government have an emisrration agency in Paris for tlie purpose of lecruitinsr agriculturists in France and in r.nrcne cenerally. with tjie result that tlie Vfench element is extremely limited, although the inducements of assisted nassaoes, five year's' contracts, &c.;, arc offered. In Denmark the law also deals witli emi gration. The following is a summary of the law by the Danish Minister in Lon don: No one shall hold himself out as an emitrra tinn aECiit without having received a special authorization to do so. livery person, shall he deemed to he an emigration aeent who tor his own account or" tor that of another oer s.<n undertakes to arrange for the transport of emigrants to foreign parts. No or.e shall have ?power to make any contracts for the purpose of effecting such transport with persons desir ine to emigrate, or shall suffer to act as acent. for the conclusion of any such contract between such persons and third parties, except an authorized agent or some person acting under a power of attorney from liim. This law shall not, however, apply to contracts for the direct shipment of passenccrs from Danish ports, provided always that the number of pas sengers does not exceed 25. A power of at torney to act on behalf of an emieration aeent, whether such emicration agent be authorized to contract for direct transport of otherwise, shall only be executed to pereons of (rood character and of full ace, who have resided , permanently in this country for five years last past. The Minister of Justice shall, however, be empowered to relax this period of resi dence. Without such power of attorney no one shall tout for emigrants or publicly offer liis services towards emigration, or recommend emigration aeents, whether at home or abroad. From enquiries made through shipping companies, 1 have come to the conclusion that it would be impossible to obtain any large stream of emigrants from Denmark. Farm hands are becoming scarce, and, as a consequence, receive comparatively good pay. Emigration from Denmark has, how ever. increased slightly in recent years, though it is still under 10,000 a year. The great majority of the emigrants go to the United States. Some few go to Canada and New Zealand. The last-named colony has several Danish settlement groups, and the emigrants who go there are brought out by their relatives and friends. -Sweden and Austria-Hungary. "The emigration from Sweden, which was about 13,500 in 1898, rose to about 3G,000 in 1903, and during 1906 was prob ably 35,000. As the natural increase of the* country is only 55,000 a year the Go vernment has become alarmed at the lo-e of population, and have taken steps to put down emigration propaganda. Tlie law for bids. any one to advise a Swedish subject to emigrate, and a close watch is kept on the business of shipping companies to pre vent infraction of the law. This vigilance does not stop emigration, but it does pre vent inducements being offered to intend ing emigrants to go to any particular coun try. 'ihere are numerous Swedish colo nic? in the United States, and ninety out ot every hundred persons who emigrate go to join these colonies. This emigration is purely spontaneous, and has continued in spite of the persistent efforts of the Go vernment to retain the population in the country. As yet there is no law in Aus tria-Hungary absolutely prohibiting emigra tion propaganda: but the movement is not regarded with favour, especially in Hun gary, where the constant stream of emi grants to America has more than once formed tlie subject of discussions in Parlia ment. Recently, too, there was trouble between tlie Government and Canada ow ing to the flooding of Hungary with litera ture sotting forth the attractions of the Dominion as a place to emigrate to. The distribution of this literature was stopped by the authorities, and it is not unlikely that legislation will, in the near future, be introduced dealing with the whole question of emigration. There lias been a very larce movement of population from Austria-Hungary during rccent years. In 10(15 over 275,000 persons landed in New York who described them selves as subjects of this Empire, and con siderable numbers also have gone to the Argentine and Brazil, and it is from the Austrian Empire that the majority^ of the Canadian-Enropean emigrants areobtaned. The immigration movement is largely spon laneous, and is due to the industrial condi tion of the mining aud town population; but there is ' a considerable immigration propaganda carried on. Brazilian, Cana dian, and Argentine agents are busily at work, end the European Colonization So ciety has numerous ramifications to attrjet emigrants from the Empire, to advantage of the Nord Deuts.cher Lloyd, whose bo its from Bremen carry the bulk of the traffic. Tihe United States, which receive by Jar the larger portion of the population leav ing Austria-Hungary, have no agencies, ayd do not in any way encourage this immigra tion. -More Opposition. '.'In most of the other European coun tries also there is a very strong opposition on the part of the Governments to emigra tion. and any attempt at propaganda is rigidly put down. At the time of writing the newspapers report that the Roumanian Government has just expelled from Bucna rest, at a moment's notice, an agent who was endeavouring in the interests _ of an American shipping company to obtain emi grants front the Danubian States. The Governments of the*'other Balkan States take the same attitude, and are stronaly opposed to any attempt to induce their subjects to quit their territory, and so far as I can learn the only European countries which allow free RroUganda are Russia, Spain, Turkey, and..Greece. In order to arrive at a clear view of the probabilities of securing European -emigrants, I liaye 'iad conferences with soMie" of the best Euro pean authorities;, witji Iler'r Wiefga'rtd, head of the Nord Deut seller. Lloyd-who is pro bably the greatest authoritv-.on European emigration, having been -offered -by the Chancellor of the German Empire, -Prihca BuIokt, the position of Minister of the Colonies-with H'err^yon Pilis. "President of the European Colonization League, as well as with the managers of the great English shipping companies, . who have European agencies. As the result of these confer ences and my own enquiries I am dispos ed to say that it is auite impossibl? to obtain emigrants from- Germany and France; it is probable that a fair number could be obtained from Austria (chieily Dalmatia), Hungary, Switzerland; and Italy. From Russia there are. possibilities of securing a considerable flow of emi grants. anion? whom would be a large pro portion of the fanning class; and, as I" have already stated, there are many Ger man settlers now in Russia who wish to emigrate. AF regards other subjects of the Czar, there are many Poles, Lithuani ans. and little Rus&iariS; Who are eager to emigrate, but, unlike tjhe German settlers, who have a fair amount of money, they «re usually very poor. From some of the Bal kan provinces, principally; Bulgaria, many immigrants might 1)6 obtained, deepite ;l.e opposition of the Governments. -Advantages with Australia,'-' "The ignorance concerning Australia in England is very great, on the Continent of Eurojje it is profound, and this ignorance is the greatest obstacle in the path of Any one who undertakes immigration work.* Those who know the Euronean emigrant class best are least sanguine of the imme diate success of any movemefnt which aims n.t diverting its current towards Australia. The average emigrant dreads a long sea voyage, as he fears a strange country. It is true -that a good many go to the United States, but generally they are brought out there by their friends. As for the emigra tion to other American countries, such as Canada and the Argentine, much of it is due entirely to the ignorance, of the pea sants, who vaguely imagine that in coins there tliev are goinf to the 'America' t>>ev have all heard of-that is. to say, the Unit ed States. Nevertheless, Australia has ad vantages which might a"eal to the would be emigrant. In the United States the Government does not help to settle people on the land. This work is left to private enterprise, with Hie result that it docs not always end satisfactorily for the immi grants, who not infrequ :ntly rennin IT. or drift back to the towns. In the Nor thern States tihe towns are already so crowded by immigrants that the working classes are unwilling that more should In admitted. As for Canada, the severe -in ters, with their consequent hardships, m-ue it'unpopular with manv emigrants from Southern Eurojie. Then, with regard to the Argentine, failures on the part of pri vate agencies to carry out the promises made to emigrants, have occasioned much dissatisfaction in Europe, and several of the colonization societies are averse to sending more emigrants to that country. Moreover, the Government of the Arg< n tine is reputed to be unsettled, the erst of living is high, and plagues affect in: cat lie and crops are not uncommon. All this, of course, tells in favour of em'.-ra tion to Australia. While a direct propa mnda cannot be carried on in anv of 'lie European countries from wlihsh it is ele sired to draw population, there are ways of influencing the current of immigration ivhich competent authorities consider might be effective. The Colonizati' n League, for instance, which has its head oflice in Berl n, and branches in Helping fors, Vienna, Dresden, and L'-mberg. is in close touch with the North German Ltivd Shipping Company, and during the list three years some 40,000 e migrants have been shipped to America under its auspices. This Colonization League is ostensibly r-n 'Information Bureau,' its offices being stocked with literature concerning n. w countries. Information and aivi'.'e .ire tendered to anv one consulting the bureau, and in this wav the league, working in conjunction with the North German Lliyd, proves a very successful emigration ag.'r.t. At the present time the league is work ing entirely in the interests of emigration to the 1'nited States. Until recently many persons were sent to the Argentine, but this course "lias been discontinued, on,the arround that the Government of that coun try has little suitable land left to otrer to settlers. The North German Llovd. however, are not committed to send emi irnnts exclusively to America, nor is 'he Colonization League. The director of ' he swat sliinping company wishes it kno-vn that he is anxious to place all the expe rience and service of the North Germ.in Lloyd at the disposal of the Australian Governments should they so desire. Bat, to make such offer effective, he considers that his company should be sole agent in Eurone (not. of course, including the Uiii ted Kingdom) for a period of 10 years. If this were done. be . believes, the North German Lloyd would be able to work up a big emigration to Australia, and the company is prepared to take the responsi bility of selecting good." sturdy emigrants of the agricultural type. -Preliminary Propaganda. "In the opinion of Herr Wiegand (the di rector) much preliminary work would be required to fye undertaken. For example. ,lie favours the idea of sending two exp<i« rionoed journalists into likely European districts to arouse ? an interest in Austral lia as a field for emigrants. -Next, the companv would require to send out to Ne\4( South Wales 40 or .50 fanners, by way of a delegation, to study on the spot the actual fanning conditions, and after a stay of two or three months to return and reoort to their countrymen what they think of the prospects. As the members of thig delegation would travel third «!ass, the cost would not be very treat. Then Herr Wiegand considers it would be necessary to subsidize one of established colonization leagues with funds to the extent of, mv, £1.000 to £1,500 a year, to print and dis tribute information regarding New South' Wales. At present subsidies are paid to such leagues by the American southwn railroads and by certain Argentine land companies. On the other hand, the Orient-, ltoyal Mail Line is quite prepared to uri.«. dertake emigration work in Europe o<n be half of Australia; indeed, in a quiet way, the comipanv is already doing, through it$ agents abroad, a certain amount of propa* can da. as. for example, at iiic. Milan fox-1 hibition this company, distributed 150,000 pamphlets on behalf of New South Wales. But these are details of procedure that are - of no great moment at the present time;' they are given in order to show Uipfc should the auction of European emigra tion be seriously taken up there are means available to carry on an efficient propa ganda. \--The Better Lend. "Once bemm the emigration movement' will steadily, grow of itself. The United States furniali a case in point. Thot'.gljJ there is now no active propaganda in Europe on behalf.of that country, thertj is a constant stream of emigrants flowing in that direction, induced solely by the favourable reports of those who have gone before. The capital required to be pos sessed by foreign emigrants-finder the South Wales regulations-is undoubtedly too high, as very few persoas" with a sum of £25 in excess of their passage money would, think of emigrating; so those who haV0 been consulted unanimously affirm. The nominal landing fee in the United States is £2 10/. but as a rule a man is o.-ily asked to show his hands, and i£ they provfe him to be a worker no further questions are usually asked. The absence of free land in Australia, would not be a bar to emigration, Emigrants are willing to t*ay for land, as they do in practically all coum tries to which they go, with the exception of Canada: and even as regards Canada, the section of 160 acres which is granted to an immigrant requires to be supplement; cd l>y ;ui equal area in order that a settlec may obtain a fair living. It will be gathered from the foregoing that the inauguration of a movement to secure a stream of emi grants from Europe to Australia on a large scale will not be an easy matter. A largja number of persons are ever willing to emj cratc. but outside Europe the northern Europeans know only one destination, and that is America: the cpntral Europeans and the Slav.*, while nreferrinsr America, go iri small numbers lo South America. The Italians are the r.nlv people whose horizon is extended; they go not only to the TJnij ted States, but also lo Aleeria and Tunid and South America. At presmt it is all in vain that (lie 'Wetter L?.nd* of Australia1 is placed before them-elieap passages or. the certainty of employment would alonq tein.pt them southwards. \- A Pure Business Selicrae. "The task of n.ttractini European eml» irrants. if it hi' cnt o:H upen. mUEt be made part of a pine i u-im.-s scheme. Several years will 1m- C< n-:i:ncd in rcaehing the people u limit it is desired to secure, and influential agencies must be set to work. Ti.e uiiMi'.cnt is opportune for the iivingurvtiiin of such a movement, wl ir-li mw commenced must be assiduously pished forward and continued uninterruptedly, cyery sten taken being part f.f a coinm-cheiislye and well-thoiught out sehoEJP To do vigorous work for one it two years and then slack off would be ' nnitc nrt-lof. It, would take two years to pr.-pi.-re i h 1 wr-yawlo'.erconic j ;norance and existing wrjudioe. and set the movement r.n lis fe-t; 1 hen-after _ progress would be tc-. tn-t1. Canada, which is so often appealed to as a model for Australia to imitate, tools cteht yen'.-- to '.vcrcome the preliminary difficulties o{ its undertaking, and I do not' see t;,at. Australia can hope to attain sue* cost in a Fhc.rter period. Whether Austra lia. t.wina I<?> pea<r-nal causes, is in the posi tion to undertake a continuous immigration campaign extending over a decade of years, is ,Huch open i.o qurrlion; whether it would 1," prudent to introduce ncn-En2lish speak ing peiinle into Australia in great numbers is a iratierof policy which would need care ful thought before bing adopted. There i<; still amnio room for immigration work jn fireat Hritaiii. From 250,000 to 500,000 British horn emigrate from the United ?Kingdom every yrar, about half of whom <rn to t!ie ITniied States and are lost to the Emnire. Canada attracted last year about 00.000, and Australia, could obtain as many immigrant'! a:; it needs were the conditions regarding passage and employment equal to those of Canada." 