E^^^Mifeiii About Women. Bj DBEAMEB PROPOSED AUSTRALIAN EXHI BITION. WOMAN'S WORK. Mr. Speaker, — Some little time ago I was speaking of an exhibition of women's — Austra- :. lian women's — work to be held in Mel bourne in October or November, an exhibition that every Australian wo man should take a pride in, and do her very best for, for her own and Austral pride and glory, and show the world what we can do here in the sunny land of the South. Lady Northcoto was the originator of the1 idea ; she is general president, and the patronage of our dear Queen Alexandra has been secured for the exhibition. Miss Rawson is the Pre sident of tho Now South Wales com mittee, and slie proposes to hold a meeting of those interested in tho movement in March. She is desirous of securing a sufficient measure of co operation from the ladies' of Sydney a'nfl1 tho country districts, so that tin1 New South Wales exhibits will lie worthy of the Mother State. The purpose of the exhibition is to show the work of women of all classes, whether professional or amateur, in order that there may be a fuller and more general and wider knowledge ?amongst people, of the avenues of em ployment open to women. In the competitive classes, women and girls resident in Australia only will be allowed to compete. 'Ama- teurs' are defined, as those who do not derive a regular income from the exercise of their talents in the parti cular section for which they may en ter. Competitive exhibits are to be in four groups, of which tho first group containing three sections, consists of -—first, fine arts, no copies admitted. Second, applied arts of all kinds. Third, photography. Tho second group is given up to all kinds of plain, fancy and art needlework, preserves, pickles, jams, etc. This group also contains the horticultural and cookery exhibits in different sections. The third group contains the typewriting and shorthand competitions, also the special competitions to be arranged for schools and colleges. ? It is intended, also, to arrange for musical, literary, and elocutionary contests, open to pupils approved by headmasters and principals. Groups 4, 5 and 6 will be non-competitive, but will include such clnsses as arts, ap plied arts, needlework, horticulture, cookery, etc. These will he. open to women or girls in any part of the. ; world. Another group includes medi cine, surgery, ?' and nursing. It is in tended, also, to arrange displays in physical culture, contests in lawn ten nis, hockey, cricket, hunting, etc. In fact there will be contests and coin petitions in all arts and occupations, that women practise, and are employ ed in. Let us all do our very very best, so that the Australian exhibi tion of women s work will be some thing talked of the whole world over, and for us to be proud of. ***** ', MARCH OF TITK DOMESTIC SERVANT. I Yes, the doinostic servant is on the march all over tho world. As 1 was saying in a recent letter, we Austra lians are importing the English girl ; and Canada i also takes some of the ?' English girls. Some parts of America fancy the Spaniards or Italian girl as fit immigrating servants, and I ex ?„' pect the English people fancy the Aus f* tralian and Canadian girls to help them out of the difficulty. But the & New Zealand people evidently fancy £v the Danish girls, and so it goes. And jt the mistress and girls dance to tho ^ merry tune piped by the world's ad \ „ ' vance. 1 . We think all the other brands of ' domestics are more 'careful, cheerful, k' faithful, trustworthy and affection ato' than ' bur own, and every other country thinks the same. Just as we fancy other countries' potted meats, etc., until we find out what they really arc, then wo get an un natural taste for our own, and find it the best and purest on the market. I say unnatural . taste, because I con sider a little child one of the most natural productions of nature, and when I was a little child, and I be lieve all little children think the same, the bread and butter given me at homo did. not taste half so well as the bread and butter given me at a neighbor's; it lacked tho flavor, and other little things that made it more pleasant to my childish palate. In England there has been import ant legislation in regard to domestic servants. . They have been included within the provisisions of the Work men's Compensation Act, which comes into force in Great Britain and Ire land on July 1st next. There are 2.000,000 of them, it is estimated, and the motion to make the bill applicable to them was car ried in the House oT Commons without a division. It means that in future everybody employing a domestic ser vant either casually or permanently, will bo liable to pay compensation in tho case of every accident happening to the servant and duo to that ser vant s employment, unless the acci dent is caused by the wilful miscon duct of the servant himself or her self. * * * » » AND HE SANG. The young man who wore his hair long and talked music had been to call on the young woman, and when he took his leave she went into the library where her father was, and threw her self on the sofa wearily. 'Tired?' inquired the father. 'He's been talking music/' she said. 'Well, what did lie say about it?' 'He said that the musical faculty is located in the second frontal convolu- I tion of the brain, and, as it has a centre in each cerebral hemisphere. ; strong development of it expands the ; temporal region of the cranium ! about where the hair begins.' j 'Was that all?' smiled her father. | 'Oh. no; Tie said further that the | temperament, or mixture cf the | !-cdily elements, must also lie carefully | considered, and. as the tone, of art is | so Inrirelv :i niiitter nf feclinir and suit- i gestion. the degree of sensitiveness and responsiveness will be only second in importance to the development of the brain.' 'AVhy didn't you ask him to sing?' 'I did, papa ; I did,' sighed the girl. 'And did he?' 'Yes, and he sang 'The Man That Broke the Bank at Monte Carlo.' ' ***** WOMION AND SLANG. I have often marvelled and wonder ed at the seeming love for vulgar and 'slangy' expressions on the part, mostly, of the ladies (?), and girls of the cities and towns. Country people do not indulge in this kind of tiling to any great extent. it has conic to a pretty pass when the press has to protest against obnoxious haun.. Are girls and women losing all their sweet ness and daintiness, or is it that they consider this kind of thing smart? The New Zealand papers have been protesting against some of tho remarks written in the visitors' book at the Tourist Department's Court in the Christchiireh Exhibition. The f'Lyttle ton Times' says that a rather striking feature of the slangy expressions writ ten in the book is the fact that most of them nro used by ladies and girls. 1 will not give a list of the expressions, enough t;i say, that I am ashamed to think that women, some women, can ; think so little of themselves and their sisters as to stoop to such means or ex pressing themselves. It is to be hoped that they will take tho lesson that tho papers have put before them to heart, and try at least to reform. I ***** I Fraulin Karold Bader is the first woman pharmaceutical chemist in Moravia. 1 ' ' 'IV'SMHiWiWi|ggS8^-t»»W'gK^TOWiggCT^a'Siiwgesgyg.! GOOD LOOKS AT A DISCOUNT. Once upon a time all that a woman was supposed to do, almost, was to look pretty and dainty. Now it seems almost a fault, not to say a crime, and my heart fails me for the fate of the poor beauty doctors. According to the trend of the times, and the would-be benedicts, beauty is at a dis ccunt, the plain girl is fashionable now-a-days, and her pretty sister has to take a back seat. Nevertheless, I love justice; it certainly may be old fashioned, but there is something wholesome, and sweet about it. There is a little school mistress, of Hammond, Indiana, a Miss Genevieve M'Gaw, who I consider, lias been dealt with very unjustly. She has been compelled to send in her resignation, because she is so pretty that everyone falls in love with her. That 'might be alright for the school board, or who ever has the ruling of the thing, but what about the poor little school mis tress. She can't live on her beauty. ***** VERY SATISFACTORY. She: 'I'm glad we went. It was an excellent performance — and for such a charitable purpose.' Her Husband: 'Yes, indeed! Wo all feel a thrill of satisfaction when we do something fcr charity and get the worth of our money at tlio same time.' ***** A COWBOY'S COMf»£i:\110NT. Mdme Nordica says that the prettiest compliment she ever received in her life was paid her by a cowboy after a concert in Texas. A snowstorm came on, and she had forgotten to bring her warm over-shoes. A cowboy in the audience volunteered to fetch them ' for her. She accepted the offer grate- ' fully. To her surprise, he only brought one, and had to return for the j other. Nordica, in thanking him. | said she was sorry he had to make two i journeys for her. 'Don't mention I it, ma'am,' returned the cowboy; ! 'I'm real sorry ysu're not a centi pede.' 