Ihe LATEST NEWS. [BY TELEGRAPH]. Weather Forecast. Sydney ()jihi-;rvatohy, Thurfiduy. N; S. Walks : Generally showery, wit h variable winds. ^ ' — @- ? ? ' LONDON Monday. Tiib New York correspondent of tho ' Times' quotes statements made by tho leaders of organised labor ill America us ullirniing that If Moyor, Haywood, and Pel.tibono, oflicials of tho Western Federa tion of Miners, who aro now under trial lib Boise City, Idaho, in connection with tlio murder of ox- Govornor Stcimenborg and otlior similar outrages, aro convicted il, will be through an unfair trial. It is added that tho wholo allair is a put up job, and a low down murderous attack by unscrupulous capitalists against tho workers. The cablegram furthor declares ? that the situation is one of great gravity! and full Vif monaue, and none can foresee tho rosiilbif the prisoners aro sentenced to death.' ' Tho pensanb population in tho South of France, numbering two and a half mil lions. urd solidly supporting an agitation for legislation against, tlio adulteration of wine.' Hiilf iV-.million pcoplo flocked lo Montpolliqr yesterday, and took part in a monsler peaceful demonstration hold there. Hundreds of special trains were run, and brought people from beyond a nidius of twenty-four miles, but tbc or''anisors of the demonstration stipulated that all persons, within tliab distunco siioiild eitiipr walk or ride in curbs. Tho Bishop of- the dioceso placed tho Cathedral and bho churchcs at tho disposal of tho organisers in order to accommodate tho woman and children who wero unable to find lodgings. Margellin , Albert, tho leader of; bho .movement, who'is himself u pcasaiit, enjoined the .strictest sobriety upon his followors, lost, tho cause should be injured. At ; tlio' demonstration he emphasised this advice, and at tho snmo timo protested against tho . needless pre sence of 10,000 troops. ; No., intoxicants were sold. ? A ])rocession'carrying coflins, guillotines, ' black flags, and a banner bearing the in scription, 'Soldiers, do nob lire upon your brothers, who aro famishing.' inarched ? through tho Streets' of Moni pellior. ' A resolution was passed declaring that unless tho Government, yielded at oncc tho pay ment of taxes should bo refused ; also tliut I lie Mayors aud nibmbors of municipalities in the districts affected should resign, und those who 'refused to do so should bo coerced. . - ? '? - ... It is now unnounced that the Czar has rati lied u resolution passed'by tlie Council of Ministers in favour of tho construc tion of a railway from Kansk, in. Eastern Siberia, lo Bohring Straits, and a sub- i marine tunnel under Bohring Straits be- j iweeu Kus.siu territory and America. . ; LONDON, Tuksdav. Loiters patent' conferring a Constitu tion upon tlio Orange. \Rivor. Colony was published yesterday. Thoy confer a Legislative Council of eleven members, ' the first to bo nominated by the Governor. The Legislature lias the right to eon verb tiie Council into an elective body after four years. Thero will be; twenty-eight members of the ? Assembly, out of which Bloomfoiitein will havo live representa tives. Mr. Bent, Premier of Victoria, consi ders there need bo no fear. of the Austra lian Labour party, and that Socialism is far worse in England than Australia. A lady obtained judgment iii the King's Bench division against Frank Gurdiner, a well-known Australian, for £S27,000. It was alleged the plaintiff's' -secretary -and the defendant conspired to gradually, pro- cure the plant ill's money on the pretence of investing it-. The brother of the Shah of, Porsia, the leader of the labels, has been badly | defeated. ,s. - . I Twenty- eight passengers woro drowned owing to the swamping' of a schooner off Barbadoes, while on the voyage from Cayenne. Reports have reached Mexico that tlio President of Guatemala lias been assassi nated. Mr. Smuts has drafted an Education Bill which has been welcomed by tho whole of the Transvaal Press. Mr. Smuts declares -that education lias now superseded the rifle .as a weapon for the Afrikander people. Much excitouiunt prevails at Washing ton owing to tho disquieting tenor of despatches from Tokio. There are in dications that Mr. Tuft will , undertake u mission to Japan. Bellicose language is attributed to General \iseount /l'ani, the leader of the Opposition in the Japanese House of Peers. The Franco-Japanese treaty has been signed at Paris, and 'is a guarantee of the Mux quo in Eastern Asia and of China's independence and integrity. LONDON. W iMi.s i-iSDAY. - Agrarian disturbances in Ireland have become more pronounced. A midnight raid was made ou a farm and the stock cleared after a light with the police. Unknown bands of. miscreants range the country in Ireland which has been the scene of piosecutious for lawlessness. Mobs fired volleys oil the farmers' houses ut Criiughwoll, Galwuy, and Keigereys. The Nationalist members of the House of Commons had a conference at. West minster, yesterday, ?. and Mr. Redmond lias issued a manifesto.' It states events Iiave proved that Home Rule cannot be won by conciliation ulouo. Vigorous and well sustained agitation in Ireland is advocated by a disciplined party. . . ._ In the House of Commons an Evicted Tenants' Bill was introduced. It. provides for the roinslalemAnt of 2000 convicted tenants. , * ' The third reading of thu Army Bill will lie opposed by the Nationalists, who have issued a ..manifesto dealing with thu situation from an Irish standpoint. The United States Minister for War, in an interview, said we can lest assured we will have no war with Japan. An English newspaper has been mulcted in .L'iSlHH) damages for libelling a boot seller who ia .conducting a campaign against boots- partially. made from card board. ? i ??-.; -, - - It will bo necessary for ;Madiun Dobois lc.|iii to pay £25,000 to Hie French Sn 'ni'ilnr 1 () unfol'CO MtO King's Honeh judgment against .Mr. Gardiner for £827,000. Tho President of Guatemala has not. been assassinated, as reported. - ; Lur.iui. Sir Arthur.; Ellis, Coin'ptrollur. of the King's House,; died suddenly in Covent Garden Theatre. - King Edwanl was .pre sent with' his Danish guests, 'but was not 'informed until; the -programme was over. Ho was greatly shocked when told. , ' Maekay, the ex-Sydney erickotor, has been seriously injured by being run over by a lnotor bieycie at. Johannesburg. A nieinbur of (jlio1 Volunteer Eire Bri gade lib Siubeulehn, Saxtniy, has : been arrested for numurous-'ca'ses of . incen-. diarism. The man declares he acted iv ith tho secrut sanelion of- the Municipal authorities, who desirod to re-build , the town at thu expense, of -tho .Insurance '?Companies. SYDNEY, Wi:i-nk8I-ay. The Stafo Parlianiontwillinoeb on July 12nd. The Premior thinks the Session will not. lust more than a fortnight.^ The ?Session will b'o mainly devoted toHinanco and supply. Duriilg tho interval, until the new Parliament: meets, an Amended -Gaming Act to legalise trotting at Agri cultural Shows is indicated. Tho demands of tho coal-lumpers were considered, yesterday, at a meeting of employers. Ib was unanimously resolved nob to grant a conference. A conference of delegates from the Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide Uni versities mot at Melbourne yesterday. It was decided, if possible, to send au eight oar crew to England iu July, 1908. Tho case iu which Christina Elizabeth Clark, ex-General Secretary of the Now South Wales Temperanco Alliance, sought, to recover £1000 damages from William Winn for alleged defamation, was con cluded yosterday. A verdict for plaintiff, awarding her £050, was brought in. An application to stay proceedings was re fused. Triuble in tho meat trade crisis, similar to that which occurred in December, is threatened. Tho slaughtermen allege tho employers have gono back on tho condi tions agreed upon at the December con ference. The men sent an ultimatum to tho employers yesterday. Tho military authorities, yest'orduy, re ceived a cable from England stating that Sergeatit-Mujor Eraser, one of the non commissioned officers sent home last year for instruction, had died in a London hospital on Saturday. Before leaving Sydney ho was attached to tho Sixth ? Light Horse Regiment at Armidalo. Tho steamer Dorset arrived at Adelaide yesterday with 120 immigrants for Sydney aboard. For tho most part the men aro iiiriii iiioourers trom Scotland, Jjuncusinro, and Yorkshire, with a sprinkling of mechanics. Tho Eorbes mail train collided with a large train of . loaded trucks at Orango last night, causing groat consternation, t but tho damage was not grout. Tho 'Molbourno police state they in tended the information regarding the man who asked for tho lnurdored man Bailor's address to bo confidential, and aro indig nant at its publication. Tlioy- state tho suspect has no doubt been thus warned.' The vacancy in tho Federal Senate, caused by Mr. Vardon's election being declared void, conies uudor section 15 of the. Constitution. Tlio -South Australian Houses of Parliament, sitting together, will thorefore olcct a Senator. . - v , Sensational evidence was given, yestor- i day, at tho hearing of a charge of assault, against a coul- lumpor. A constable gave evidence of having threatened to shoot at I tho crowd. 1 . SYDNEY, Thukkday. i , Thomas William Ilaughan, tho Berrimu i Gaol escapee, was yesterday sentenced to 'ton-years'' imprisonment- for shooting with i intent-fit the police. . . - Another mysterious robbery has taken I place in Melbourne, £150 being stolon from a safe which hud been locked, and for which there was only one key thought to bo in use. ? 1 The Now South Wales second liftcen defeated the Queensland; llugby 'football team by 12 to 3 points yesterday. In tho ea'so iii which Cissio Zuthar, a a Syrian, claimed £1000 from Moses ITunnu' for breach of promise of marriage, a verdict of £250 for plaintiff was brought in. ? A resolution was carried last night at a mass meeting of Unionist coal- lumpers and others to take steps to bring about a a general industrial crisis such us occurred during the muratime strike of 18'J0. Another Methodist. Mission appeal was made yesterday, with a result which \- brings t he total raised up to £4144. Tho Colonial Secretary slated, yoster day, t hat £140,000 had been spent in connection with hospitals during tlio year. Throe plague rats worejdiscoverbd yes terday, ono iiv Sussex-street and two on a Darling -Harbor wharf. ; Bishop Barlow, in. opening tho Goul burn Synod, yesterday; made strong observations on tho degeneracy of modern times. IIe also strongly appealed to all .-people,-, the . clergy, and. laity, to vote at the coining election. . Another strike is threatened at Cobar if certain nion aro not reinstated. The Minister for Homo Affairs has de cided to prosecute the divisional returning-, ollicor at Gawlor, South Australia, lio being, it is alleged, responsible for tho burning of tho Senate ballot papers. Tlio chairman of the Rabbit Destruc tion Fund Committee commented oil tho report of the South Australian Commis sioners in regard I o the Danysz experi ments. lie slated the ? committee -- never attached the slightest weight to tho re ports, 0110 of tlio members nf the Com mission being clearly not unprejudiced. The coniniitte'' consider tlio* experiments at Broiighton Island justify further trials on tho mainland with very fair hopes of success. A visitor from Shanghai stated yester day that while in a hospital there a man named John Mcllruilh was in tlio next bed. This is supposed to havo been tho missing Sydney grocer. 'Before the Improvement. Leases Board, yesterday, it was stated the demand for bind in tho Morce district was so. great it was impossible to meet it. ,i- Evidence was given in :j. divorce case, yesterday,' that, respondent had married four times, all his wives being alive. \- Latkii. '. Tho police lust night detained a man answering tho, description of the man suspected of being the likely person who hud a hand iu the murder of liauer in Melbourne. Although thu police suspect this man has .only , returned from Mel bourne, theyuro very' reticent, about the matter. It is stated, however, his deten tion is not regarded seriously. At any rate ho- is' being detained , pending inquiries. ; ; ;v Leslie HullickV chief clerk in the City, Coroner's ollice, died suddenly this morn ing. .Uo was seized with a litof coughing, , and burst a blood -vessel in tho head. In Melbourne lo-dny tho driver of tho motor car which Killed the Rev. Mr. Gillcll, of Sydney, was committed for trial for manslaughter. At the lloinebush fat stock sales to-day 5)81 cattle- woro yarded. Prime linn, others 5s lower. Bullocks £5 to £11 5s, cows £4 to £8. Best beef woith 28s per 'lOOlbs. ? ' The -Mussey-Hurris bicyole will carry you iheiouml buck. -Blackmail, agent, Casino. \ At thu last meeting of the Sydney Coun cil Alderman Ijiiwronce asked : ' In view of tho interest uortuin people are taking in thu Council, is it your intention, during tho rest of your Lord 1 Mayoralty,' lo open the meetings of tho Council with prayer V' (Laughter, and 'Oh!') Thu Lord Mayor said lie thought Aldermen Luwrcuco should give notice of the question. , , - . . .. The dostruotiveuusa of the voa rifle is; being .extended. A most --peculiar ucoident occurred at llarufield, Wagga, last week, us a result of which va dog was shot. Thu; animal was playing with a loaded, pea rifle, which hud been lei t standing near a wall. It touched the trigger .with its fore paw, causing the rillo to., oxolodo, - the .bullet, passing through tho dog's uody. . /At Gemville, ten miles -froni H Into Culls, Win.. Knight,, an old-itgc pensioner,, placed somo dynamite, on his chest, and. tied a. sheet7 ot . iron inside his shirt. .. Ho . then , ignited the dynamite, and the explosion tore 'a -large hole in his cheat and abdomen,, kill ing him- instantly. The sheet of iron , was smashed. A box of matches ,wus . found gripped in his hand. At the' last meeting of the Ryron Bay | Good. Templars' Lodge, the ' Recmd i'e -n/urts that a Clearance Card was gi anted to Brii. D. B. Pollock, P.C.T., who husio moved lo Casino, aud regret was expressed ut losing Nuoh mi uolivu incnibcr. \ Plowman, C.T., in a few. well' ehos.m wurild Hpoke of Rio. Pollock's sterling -|uulities iis a member, aud presented him with 11 travel- , ling bag and asked him also to -accept the congratulations, love and esteem Irani the inomborn of tho Star of tlio I2uat Lodgo, null concluded by wishing Bro. . Pollock every Bucouas in his now sphere of life. 