j CABLE NEWS. The American Atlantic fleet is to be in creased from 18 to 2S ships. Twenty- seven miners were killed in an ex plosion m the Esperanzas mines, Texas. An avalanche on Mount Juncal, Chili, buried 50 people, and wiped out a. Customs-, house. - ' Millionaire Thaw, who shot ' Millionaire Stanford White, will be re-tried next year perhaps. Fifteen persons weTe burned to deiath while asleep in a hotel at Tacoma, Washing ton State. A further consignment of 2300 Chinese was shipped from Durban to Hongkong on September 2. M. Sully-Prudhomme, the distinguished Frencli philosophical poet and translator, is dead, aged 68. ' ' Died last week, the eminent Norwegian composer and pianist, Edward Hogerup Grieg, ager 65. Six persons were killed and 50 injured through the derailment of a 'Canadian -^Paci- . fic excursion train . War Office tenders for the supply of 667,0001b. of tinned beef and mutton close on January 13, 1908. France is experimenting with a new tor pedo, carrying a greater charge of explo sives than any other. Sixteen persons were drowned in the Rhine through a tugboat getting caught in another tug's tow-rope. A Leeds man, fancying that his doctor was treating him wrongly, shot him dead, and committed suicide. . The Transvaal Government is organising a system 'of agricultural co-operation among farmers on .Danish lines. The French force at Casablanca repulsed S000 mounted Arabs, who charged repeated ly against a withering fire. A third mutiny of Royal Engineers occur red at Bloemfontein, Orange River Colony, bceause of illtreatment by an officer. Thirty thousand laborers are engaged on the Panama Canal excavation ' work, one tenth of which ia completed. Canadian sculler Durnan bas challenged Webb, of N.Z., to row for the title on the Thames or at Toronto. Died, aged 67, the Right Rev, Dr. E. R. Wilberforce, Bishop of Chicbester, son of the celebrated Bishop of Winchester, and . grandson of the ominent anti-slavery Bishop. The Goolds, man and wife, who are charg ' ed with murdering Mrs. Levin at Monte Carlo, havo been extradited thither for trial. Daring a disturbance between Antwerp dockers on strike and English and German blacklegs, the police shot six of the union ists. 'Frisco street cars broke up the Labor Day procession of unionists on September 2, .ana m tho disturbance the drivers sliot two pro cessionists.' _ . | A crowd outside a Marseilles court slioti ; an interpreter dead in mistake for a pri £ soiier charged with murder. Two others :? were killed in the shooting. The Paris police arrested a, Customs 'in? y spector, the senior partner in a firm of car | riers, and a clerk, on the charge 'of de ? frauding the Customs of about -£40,000. New York 'Herald' says that -E. H. Harriman gave. .£10, 000, the Standard Oil Co. .£6000, Yanderbilt, Depew, and Hyde .£5000 each to secure the return of President ; Roosevelt at last election. v _ ? . Home-Secretary Gladstone has liberated 3300 minor offenders under the new scheme 'affecting Well-behaved, short-term prison ers, who have served fivesixths of their sen tences. - *' j ? Large exports of coal from Great Britain ? have caused a shortage in the local supply, and a serious rise in prices. Agination for a re-imposition of an export duty of Is per ton is revived. - ; The British Board of Trade returns for August show an increase of_-£407,448 in ..the value of tho imports to the United Iiing . dom, as compared with August, 1906; and ' an increase of ,£3,862,430 in the value of t lie exports, as compared with August, 1906. A crowd of 8000 wrecked the Japanese stores at Vancouver, Canada, bringing out a mob of armed Japanese. The fight lasted 1 all Saturday night. On Sunday evening the '? aliens carrying clubs, revolvers, and knives paraded in front of five fortified blocks of buildings. The anti-alien agitation has re sulted in negotiations between Canada and Japan to restrict Japanese immigration. : London- County Council is experimentally establishing four 'nautical scholarships,' of £25 each, the holders of which will be apprenticed on board a merchant 'vessel for ; t\vo years. The first holders will sail for Australia on the next trip of the four \- masted barque Port Jackson, which last year took several,. boys w from II. M.S. War spite, the Royal Marine Society's training ship at Woolwich, to Australia. The Cape Parliament has passed the Meat I Bill, which is designed to promote the con sumption of South African meat, and to prevent the cold storage companies throt . iling competition. The bill provides, amongst other things, that no license shall he chargeable for selling South African grown meat, and that' no butcher's license shall be required by a, farmer who supplies the public direct from his farm with South ? African-grown meat. All contracts and undertakings in support of any combina tion, the object of which is to secure the control of the sale of- meat, so as to enable euch combination to arbitrarily control or regulate the price thereof, are held to be il . «gal and void. 