NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY. April 9. ' The new Chief : Railway Commissioner (Mr. Johnson) with his colleagues will shortly make a lour ctf inspection over; the whole of the ' New' South Wales rail ways, The steamer Elcctra,- in crossing over 'the bar at Tarcc, went ashore on the spit on Sunday. No 'immediate danger is expected. Passengers were landed yes terday in a lifohoat. A mass meeting of the miners at Cobar condemned, the action or the manager . of the Chcsney Copper. Mine. The. meeting appointed a deputation to' wait upon the manager of the Great Cobar, Limited. If the discharged men arc not rein stated, all the employees in the district will cease work on Thursday. The Victorian Government's "Guide 1o Intending Immigrants" extravagantly ad vertises Victoria as the "hull of Aus tralia." Keeping systematic milking, records is coming into vogue in the Richmond and Tweed districts. Already a largo co operative company lias distributed 200. recording hooks. The North Coast Co operative Company, whose pay cheque last month amounted to £50,000, draws its supplies from 1,200 farms, and gives- direct employment to 84 workers. The Marine Court found that the Nym- liorda- Rozcllc collision, near Port Slephcns, in February last, was caused by tlie default oi (ho chief officer of the Nymliorda. A new companv has acquired an area or land at Newcastle for the establishment of smelting and metallurgical works. Tlie members of tlio New South Wales Chinese Anti-Opium League consider the Government is apathetic in the matter ot taking measures to prevent, opium smok ing in the State. Registration under the Federal Arbitra tion Act has been refused the New Sculli Wales branch of the Boot, Trade Em ployees' Union. The inquiry into the circumstances con nected with 'Peru's running in the A.J autumn meeting was -continued yesterday, and adjourned unilil to-itay. At Newcastle PoKoc Court yesterday, the licensee of a hotel at Stockton was lined £5, or imprisonment (or two mon'.us for having sold liquor to an old-ago pen sioner. Speaking at l-hc School of Arts .net night' to "the Women's Progress Associa tion, Mr. Spencc, M.P., advised women fu become architects. A catalogue, of brood mares, stallions, and racehorses was offered at lfeindwick Yesterday. . A number of animals of rac ing families were exhibited, but. there wan r.ot much demand for them. The prices obtained were given reluctantly. An of fer of 2,501) guineas was refused for Col- larit, the owner having lixeil a reserve of 3,500 guineas. Tlie eut'tlc which were held over from tlie recent royal show were disposed of at the Homebush sales yesterday, and sold well for high .values. The Dilihen- luke Estate bullocks made £18 5s. ; font head averaging £1'5 9s. Mr. A. M. White's champion made. .£15 5s. . Three Pools River animals brought £15 2s. lid.- each. The West Australian Premier (I-Ion. N. J. Moore) lias advised the I-lou. .!. II. Carruthers (Premier of New South '.Vales) that he is not sure that he will he able to attend tlie Premiers' Conference per sonally, hut if he cannot, the Slate will he represented by .some other Minister. The Minister for Agriculture has re ceived a cable message, from, the Agcnt- Oenern! in London, dated April 5, which stnt ed tlvit Now South Wales 'choicest butter v.'as hulling at 97s. to 9Ss. per uwl. ; medium, at 04s. to Otis. ; and un- salted at 9iSs. to ITHIn. Danish had come down in price, and was selling at 190s, to lOSs, 