Local and Other Items. The list of subscribers to the Shaw , fund will be published next week. Don't forget School of Arts concert on Friday night. Note alteration of F. A. Row's advt. Don't forgot E. Jones is now ready waiting for your horses to shoe.* New Livery Stables are being opened in Mullumbimby, making the second. We notice that Mr. J. Parrish has been judging in dairy cattle at the Macleay Show The new Casino butter factory is said to be the best equipped in Australia. The Fisk Jubilee Singers are at present touring in the Tenterfield district. No less than seven saw mills will shortly be established in tho Acacia Creek district, on the road to Tenter field. Opening Tyagarah School of Arts on Tuesday next by concert and ball If in doubt, go to the Brunswick Saddlery Coy. for good, honest work, at a reasonable price.* There is a great demand on the South Coast for Jersey cattle, so much that quite a Jersey revival ap pears to have set in. Said that an offer of £40 10s per acre was declined last week for a well-known Bangalow farm. A novei, exhibit at the Glen Innes Show was a steer harnessed to a busrerv and driven round the rincr. Hekry J. Drague,of Lismore, was the successful applicant for the Dun oon land out of 130 contestants. Newei,l's saddles and harness give great satisfaction, and can be had at Brunswick Saddlery Coy., Burring bar-stroet.* A number of persons are wending their way to Queensland, being en couraged by the liberal land laws of tbat State. The Band played a programme in the main street on Monday night, ' which drew together a good crowd of listeners. Our suits from £2 10s lip are still wearing well and giving the best of satisfaction. When wanting new ones tryjHagerbaum & McArthur.* Hundreds made happy by using Hagerbaum & McArthur's Wedding Rings. Once tried always used.* j On Saturday next Mr Parrish holds his fortnightly sale, when he will submit to auction 60 head cattle, vehicles, furniture, and sundries. | The new additions to the Roman Catholic Church at Murwillumbah | were opened and blessed on Sunday last, by Bishop Doyle. There were 600 people present, and £145 was j handed in at the collection. A splended lot of Comic, in fact overy kind of post cards, at T, McDougalls'- All descriptions and all prices. Post Cards — If you want a post' card of views of the district to send to your frieftids, don't fail to call at T. McDougall's, where you can get something that will be well prized by those receiving them. There aro quite a number of mov ing picture shows on- tour at present, the town being billedjor some show or other every week. On Friday night last a Company gave' an ex hibitien in tho School of Arts to a crowded house, the draw being the pictures of the Kelly Gang, which were reminiscent of tho bushranging days and of the daring deeds of this '? notorious gang, j The estate 'of the late Sir John See has been valued at .£173,044. The deceased bequeathed £100 each to, his sisters Annie, Susannah, Rieliael and Ada ; £200 to his bro ther Joseph : £500 to Albert Allen; £200 to John Breakspeaiy The ie«idue of the estate is to be held in trust for the equal benefit of his children, 2500 acres in the parish of Jiggi, county of Rous, on Hanging Rock and Borabee Creeks, suitable for grazing, in the Casino distviot, is available for selection on 30th May, at 15s per acrc. There is also avail able 675 acres, being portions 123 to 125, parish of Jiggi, county of Rous, price £1 per acre, Just think before you leap ! Try Jones for horseshoeing.* The startling discovery has been made that a rat which died in Mel bourne recently was badly infosted with leprosy. The rodent was sent to the Board of Health, who forward ed it to the University, where a bac teriological examination was made. ' It is chock full of leprosy,' re marked Dr. Bell, the Government bacteriologist, and he added that it was the first leprous rat discovered in Australia. Post Cards ! Post Cards ! The handsomest, .most highly finished and in every way the most superior lot of local views in different parts of the district, have just been re ceived by T. McDougall. To ap preciate them they must be seen, as their excellence is beyond description At a meeting of Tweed dairymen on Saturday last, Messrs S. Charles and A Loder were appointed dele gates to attend the Tick Conferonco in Brisbane on the 7th May. Gonoral indignation is expressed at the pre sent quarantino restrictions, and something muist soon be dono in the matter of relaxation. Although two dips were promised. by the Govern' ment somo weeks ago, no start has yet been made with them. Cheap saddles from £2 10s up wards,- can be had at the Brunswick Saddlery Co., Burringbar-street.* TnE first expedition of members of the Commonwealth Parliament bound for the Northern Territory leaves Sydney on 1st .May by tho steamer Guthvie. It will consist o: Messrs. Watson, Fuller, Batchelor, Webster, Watkins, Sampson, Hutch inson, Poynton, Carr, Catts, M.M.H.R and. Senators Findley and Sayers. Th'e Governor-General's party will leave on 13th May. In the early part of June a third party, composed mainly of members of the Opposition, will start from Sydney. Produce Report. — The London butter market is very flat. Danish is quoted at from 101s to 102s, and choicest New Zealand is quoted at 98s per cwt, Australian Salted at from 94s to 96s, and unsalted at 93s. Good Siberian butter at about 90s. is greatly aflecting the sale of Aus tralianThe bacon supply exceeds the demand, and prices are easier, prime sides to 8d per lb. The supply of eggs is lighter: North's to Is 4d, Souths to Is 7d. The pig market is good. Porkers aro selling at from 24s to 32a, baconers 35s to 49s, stores 17s to 21s. Speaking at a smoke concert at Melbourne the other night, Mr. Chapman, Postmaster-General, said that one of the greatest curses which beset the country jast now was that it was over- governed. When federa tion was first agreed to, not one of the' states imagined that there was going to be a continuance of all the high state offices, and that there would bo several governors, and so many members of Parliament. Soon, if things went on as at present, in stead of people saying there is not a member in town, they would say there is not a man in town who is not a member. The fact was- that it cost £1,000,000 annually to govern the country, which, on the face of it, was an absurdity. A Lonely Death*— On Thursday afternoon (says the Byron Bay ' Re cord') a man named Charles White law, lately working on the wash away; and camped in Everitt's pad dock, was found dead in his tent by H Lund. The deceased appears al most unknown, his age. about 50j His body was found lying on his bunk, and was wrapped in his blankets and conveyed by Constable Hanna to the back of the Great Northern Hotel for a post mortem The deceased had apparently been dead some time when discovered. ' The Lone Hand,' which is being issued by the 'Bulletin,' will be a patriotic magaziiio, and will boom Australia at overy opportunity. Most Australian papers do their little bit to push our cart along, but it is mostly useless as the papers only circulate amongst our own people. Tho Lone Hand, which is to have ft circulation of 50,000, will circulate all over the world, and if it doscn't influence tho tide of immigration to turn our way, it will fail in its chief mission. The magazine will go in Jor a good all-round quality rather than for a couple of' features, and a quan tity of inferior matter per isuue, as is the case with a percentage of English and American magazines. In the first issue will be ' The Bulletin Memoirs,' by J. F. Arcnibald, founder, and for many years editor. It con tains many fine pictures of early political life. Some of the choicest of Yiotor J. Daley's poetry is included and there are articles, stories, and pictures galore. A feast for the Godp, apparently, but it will bo given to the public on May 1st to pass judge ment on. We should like to draw attention, of the public that we have just opened up a large assortment of eight day clocks, imitaton marble. Inspec tion invited at Hagerbaum and Me Arthur's.* A Remarkable Case, — A message from Rome, dated February 26, says: According to a singular decision by a judge in Perugia, a man who is fortunate enough to possess two hearts may also have two legal wives. This opera bouffe decision, which was handed down recently, forms what is no doubt the most remarkable during modern times. Charles Balliori, a man of some con sequence in Perugia, was arraigned on a charge of bigamy. The charge was subsequently proven. In fact tho defendant and his counsel ack nowledged that Balliori had two wives. Then came a second surprise. Four physicians testified that Balli ori had within his chest two perfect hearts, oach performing its functions. As the heart is tho seat of love, as serted the defendant's counsel, tho man possessed in reality a dual per sonality, and could on that account have two wives. The Court at oncc decided that this was ample grounds for the possession of two wives, and acquitted .Balliori of tho charge of bigamy. The Kino of Pain. — Those who have felt it keen, cutting pains know that Rhoumatism is torturo, and is rightly called the ' Pain King.' In the day time rheumatism is bad enough, but duriug the long, woary hours of night it is maddening. Im mediate relief can bo obtained from rheumatic pains by a thorough rub bing with Dr. Sheldon's Magnetic Liniment. Reep rubbing until you feel tho magnotic glow penetrating to tho very bonos. A peaceful night will result. Tho most stubborn cases of rheumatism will yield to this per sistent treatment. For sale by Bennett & Sons DON'T forget that for Post Cards Stationery, Fancy Goods, and Smokers' Requisites you can't beat T. McDougall. 