AQrlouHural Notet. \ Arrangements are • being made , by the Minister .for Lands (Mrv Mackey) " to make available those: blpcke in the Colbihabbin and Esfcord estatek which were: originally reserved for immigrants from England, but which . have not bedn applied, for (writes the "Australasian"). Plans-of the ri-. served blocks •vyere forwarded to the Agent-General' bo ; that they could be Selected in London. ; A numljer of the blocks ' were • taken up 'in this way, •but recently Mr. 'Mackey cabled ' to Mr. Taverber for information 1-egarding the blocks which had-not'been bespoken. \- As soon -as this' information is received the blocks to which it refers ' will be made available for selection locally. The methodical habit of the Danish farmer is displayed in the Way his cattle are made to feed in the pastures. Instead of turning- the- herd loose in the field (says an exchange), he very generally pickets them in a line, each with about 30ft. of rope; the pegs to which the cows are attached are moved forward as the animals eat dofrn the grass, until the whole field has been grazed. The Danish cow usually wears a sackcloth coat when out in the natures; this covers her from neck to croup. Mr. Rankin, a pastoralist in Western Australia, and one time manager of a station in the Western district of Victoria,-^ho has "been breeding Angora go a™ near Southern Cross for some years (writes the "Leader"), expresses regret that mohair has been struck out of the "Ronjjs Bill. He > are eminentlj Vuittd for breeding goras, and that, .with a little i.iiir.nn- > I'Hgenieiit men would, be induced to )iik<< up these areasRnd bxiild up-a > valuable mohair industry. His flock now numbers 700.. He,is sending a trial > shipment of hair to the J.ondrtn market. , . • v.; . Several residents of > the Portland district (reports the "Leader"), who went to Queensland a > little time ago with a view of settling there* 'have returned somewhat > disappointed at the result of their'inquiries. They found that the bulk of > the good land in ..favoured localities had been 'acquired by the early > settlers, while that at present available is of very inferior quality, or > too far removed from market and railway fa'cilities. The seasons, moreover, > are uncertain, and stock raising in particular is attended with great risk. > On the whole, the reports brought, back are calculated to discourage any > further exodus from Portland, and to accentuate the tlajuor for land in our > own State. An amusing case occupied the attention of Judge Brady at Belfast, for the best part of the* day recently. Charles Hamilton, a Fermanagh man. explained that he went to the fair at Fivemiletown fancying that he know something about cattle-dealing, and under that impression purchased a cow- from a man named Funston. The cow was examined by Hamilton, who tested everything except the tail, which on the following day appearedto his eyes to have suddenly developed a corkscrew twist. On closer examination he discovered that the greater part of the tail was artificial, and was merely secured to the stump of the tail by pitch and fine cord. Amidst loud laughter Hamilton produced from his pocket a paper parcel, and took therefrom the fictitious tail which he had found attached to his purchase with tar, and which was the cause of the action. The defence was that the cow was sold as I:ought on the previous day, and the action was dismissed. Regarding weather prospects, the "Leader'.' republishes the following quotation from a forecast by Mr. Clement Wragge, in 1904, which should be of interest at the present time. Writing .at that date, Mr. Wragge said:—"Remember, good times won't last for ever. It takes the sun just about three and a half years to get from the time of its lowest energy to 'the time of its highest' energy, and then the opposite change very gradually begins. You will reach the crest of the wave about December, 1904, and good reasons will probably embrace 19(H) and part of 1907. Then, if voii are wise, you will prepare for the seasons which' will gradually grow drier with the disappearance of the sun spots. At last. within 1912-1913, you will, probably reach the. climax in another drought, but not so severe as that of 1902." The Curator of the Estates of Deceased Persons .has obtained rules to administer the estates of, the following deceased persons :-r-Charles Farrow, Gordon House, Little Bo'urkestreet, died 13th September,, 1907, £473 13/7; John Gorman,. Kooweerup West, died 5th September, 1907, £520 10/; Clara. Mary Ann Mancell, Barkly-street, West Brunswick, died :12th May, 1907, £616; Maria M'Ken- ,zie (with the will annexed)r> Newtown, near Geelong, died /on or about 8th August, 1907, £209 13/9; Alice Hannah Pevitt, Heyw'ood, died 21st July, . 1893, (,.£65;, John .., Tomnpy, otherwise John Tomley (with the Win.;annexed), r Wfl-rragulWest, . died "jth August. 1907, £l0f>7 11/1; All Wager,, 139 Thistlethwaite-street, jSSifth'i, Jjf^bojirn^^diod 16tb May, 7 S, $83 3/7; comer for i ; T-iOjrd Arpp4eir^S t ;H^ra P iour ' many years-a"Cathol lc priest, who died on July 11, aged 73, left estate valued at £1843 gross, the net personality fbetagf»W(M^ X689 * The twelfth Irarft; Ajundell, who ;died 4n OcfeobiBivi iajWtiiaeff oMfce . gross .value ; of £189muidi ; of 'which ' was detliwf'^fciid «flder I his WfH the; thirt^enth?4prd ba|i ap. an _ nuity. • ;- _' ^ 