THE. NORTH POLE. LONDON, October 8. It has transpired that Dr. F. A. Cook, who was supposed to be organising an ex-' pedition to the South Pole, has established a base for supplies at Etah, an Eskimo settlement on the north-west coast of Greenland, and hopes shortly to make a dash for the North Pole. Dr. Cook is a physician, and was born at Callicoon Depot, Sullivan Co., New iVork. He graduated at New York U_ni versity and was.eurgeon of the Peary A*c-. tic Expedition in 1891-2 and of the Bel- 1 {pan- Antarctic Expedition in 1897-9. ?: He; is the author ;of 'Through the First Ant arctic NightVij and -'Tho White World;' \ Dr. 'Cook is 42yea.rB of age and lives at; {Brooklyn, ??? ?:--...? \- ?;??; ..-.j !:y,:ii :???? LONDON,, Dqtoher 3. | 'As . the l,'-reeult: i of -, an enauiry. .' into,4k£; Jaethods adopted by the courts: of: justice; fct' Genoa: -which lately dealt .with a series,©i charges against' certain . shady ; financiers, eight judges have been relieved, of:. their functions', They are, moreover, to'be pro secuted before the High Coui-t ^oif Italy. Terrorism reigns in Paris owing to the outrages committed by gangs of hooligans, who infest the streets after nightfall, way laying and robbing passers-by. So insecure is the safety of individuals that the citizens have organised an armed force, carrying revolvers, truncheons, and handcuffs, in addition to dark lanterns, for the purpose of lynching any of the ruffians on whom they can lay hands. A terrible affair has happened at the Victoria quarries, in Mexico, twenty seven men having been killed through a landslip. A hundred others are still buried under the debris, and it is not known how many of these have succumbed to their in juries. The barque Dundonald, 2,205 tons, which left Sydney for Fahnouth on February 17, with 32,600 bags of wheat, and of which no report has been received for some months, has been posted at Lloyd's as 'missing.' Loyson, the Brussels bank cashier who recently absconded with 300,000 francs, has been arrested in the Belgian capital. October 4. The 'Daily Chronicle' publishes to-day a let'. :r written by Mr. Benjamin Tillett, sec retary of the British Workers' Union, from Melbourne to friends in England, stating that it would be unwise for anyone to think of making a home in Australia, where the people who grovel in the throes of poverty. 'Though Nature is prodigal with her gifts,' says Mr. Tillett, 'sweating, unem ployment, and starvation rule with a rod that breaks hearts and lives. Monopoly is the Czar. Land is monopolised. The gravest scandals occur in the administration of Government land. Scores of thousands are unable to obtain land.' Another revolutionaiy outbreak has oc curred in Argentina, the movement in the province of Corrieutes being connected solely with local questions. Sir George Sydenham Clarke (the well known Imperialist) left London yesterday to assume the Governorship of Bombay, in succession to Lord Lamington. October 5. . The disaffected female employes at Messrs. Clark & Co.'s thread mills at Pai sley have resumed work on the understand ing that their grievauces will be investi gated. The Ferguslie mills of Messrs. Coats, now amalgamated with those of Messrs'. Clark &'Co., have also been reopened. In descending a colliery shaft at Darey Lever, in south-east Lancashire, yesterday, niue miners were killed under distressing circumstances. The rope unaccountably left the pulley, and the cage containing the unhappy men was precipitated 600 ft., through a timber scaffold, into 70 ft. of water. A mob at Dancville, Washington ter ritory, yesterday drove a small party ot Hindus across the border into Canada. Several shots were fired at the Hindus. The Paris correspondent of the 'Daily Mail' reports a critical state. of affairs in connection with the motor car industry in France. The craze for motor cars among the well-to-do is abating, and orders have declined enormously. There has also been considerable over-production of high-priced cars. The failure of a dozen firms who had invested heavily in costly machinery is ap prehended. It is reported in Berlin that the German Government intend to submit to the Reich stag shortly a scheme for increasing the silver currency to the extent of £15,000,000. Tlic Government yards being overworked, the German naval authorities have dis tributed among the private shipbuilding yards orders for the new warships for which an expenditure was authorised last session aggregating £7,500,000. . The 'Standard's' correspondent at Berlin ?says it is reported from Essen that Krupp and Co., the great armament manufac turers, are discharging 3,000 workmen in consequence of a decrease in orders. It is rumored iu Berlin that the German Government have completely recast their plans with regard to the fortification of Alsace-Lorraine iu view of their discovery that the existing plans are in the hands of the French Government, to whom they were treacherously sold. October 6. The celebrated English cricketer, K. S. Ranjitsinliji, who is now Jam of the State of Nawanagar, in India, is coming to Eng land shortly to recuperate after a serious at tack of enteric fever. The barquentine Nimrod, which is about to engage in an exploring expedition in the South Polar regions, has arrived at Cape Town. The vessel has fully ? equalled ex pectations on the voyage from London, and is expected to arrive at Lyttelton, New Zealand, on November 18. The Sultan of Morocco, Abdul Aziz, is asking for a loan of ten million francs on his jewels, which he is seeldng to pawn in Paris, in order to raise funds to restore his shattered fortunes. Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, who has been suffering for some months past from ner vous shock and prostration, is distinctly improving in health. ' During the past eight months there wero 210,865 immigrants into Canada. This is an increase of 50.060 over the influx in the corresponding period of 1900. The revenue of Canada for the current year promises to exceed £20,000,000, as against something over £16,500,000 last pear. 1 LJ October 7. The new bow of the steamer Suevic, which was constructed by Messrs. Harland and Wolff at Belfast from the '-original' pat terns, weighs 3,000 tons, and is 212 ft. long. The -work of uniting the new bow with the after-part which survived the wreck- near tjie Lizard will occupy a couple of months. f y Coalfields carrying enormous deposits ?have been discovered in the .mountainous district of Knysna, in Gape -3olony. -The country is noted for. its valuable forests i fend uthe alluvial gold obtained1 on the Enysna River. .' { j_The municipal authorities ofparw, whoi pvo wiaiiing London,, hare .been tendered.' a civic /welcome by Sir William Treloar, Lord Mayor of London; and tlie sheriffs. The visitors are the guests of the City Cor poration. I Lord Coleridge lias been appointed a j judge of the High Court. i Lord Braihpton, better known as Su | Henry Hawkins, passed away yesterday at ! the age of 90 years. He was conscious tiil the end. Mr. G. P. Doolette has shipped by the White Star liner Cufic for Captain Charley, of New South Wales, four Norfolk red poll bulls, including Alake, this year's English champion. During a political meeting at Waterbury, the famous watchmaking town, in Connec ticut, yesterday, the floor collapsed, pre cipitating 150 of the audience into a brook which flows beneath the building. Many ot the victims of the accident sustained seri ous injuries. A dreadful accident happened yesterday at the Butler steelworks, in Pennsylvania, through the upsetting of a cauldron of molten metal. Four men were lulled on the spot, and 20 sustained injuries which ended in death. Ten others were seriously injured. The bank at Sedden, in the United States,,, was entered on Sunday by four masked robbers, who stole 500,000 dollars in bullion aud securities. The men got clean away after killing the Sheriff and filing on several others of their pursuers. A new ausgleich has been arranged whereby the economic relations of Austria and Hungary are settled for the next ten years. October 8. During September the imports into Great Britain increased by £281,441 over .the total for the corresponding period of last year and the exports by £4,631,107. Mr. Haldane, the War Secretary, who re cently called for tenders in America with the object of reducing contractors' prices, is placing in England an order for 200,000 pairs of horseshoes for the army. The death occurred yesterday of Dr. David Masson, Historiographer Royal for Scotland, and formerly Professor of Eng lish Literature at the Edinburgh Univer sity. The deceased was 85 years of age. After a dry, hot September the situation as regards agricultural industries is fair or good in Burmah, Eastern Bengal, and Assam, a portion of Bengal, the central provinces, and in Bombay and Madras, but in Western Bengal the crops are suffering. The harvest in the North-West Frontier Province and in the United provinces is a failure, and distress is likely to be wide spread, necessitating extensive relief mea sures. Only a quarter of the crop will be reaped in central India. The re-trial of Harry Thaw, the New York millionaire, for the murder of Stan ford White on the roof garden theatre in June, 1906, will begin on December 2 next. The first trial lasted from February 4 to April 12, when the jury, owing to dis agreement, -were discharged. A dangerous German Anarchist has been arrested at Copenhagen, where Queen Alex andra is staying. Her Majesty, is making a prolonged visit to her relatives of the Danish Royal Family. - The Greek village of Negovani, near Monastir, in Macedonia, has been raided by a band of 200 Bulgarians, who killed ten women and several men. The authorities were forewarned that the massacre would occur, but neglected to take any precau tions for the protection of the villagers. So strong is the anti-Asiatic feeling in the United States that many Hindus have been expelled from towns on the shoves of PuRet Sound, on the Pacific coast of America, and driven into British Columbia. Other Hindus have been driven back from the State of Washington into Idaho and Montana, where they are wandering about in a homeless condition. In a letter to the 'Times,' the Hon. Bernard Wise, ex- Attorney-General of New South Wales, deprecates the flow of slander against Australia which is emanating from British commercial men as a result of the new Australian tariff. Mr. Wise points out that* Australia's concession of prefer ence to the United Kingdom is valued at £1,250,000, and this is not a bad reply to the British Government's 'slammed door' policy. The death in his CSth year is announced of Baron Saye and Scle. October 9. A drunken Spaniard armed with a revol ver fired upon and killed a Moorish soldier at Tangier. This act nearly provoked a general massacre of Europeans, which was only averted by the energetic action of the authorities. The priests in the ancient city of Ispa han, Persia, are preaching a boycott against all foreign goods. Trade is at a standstill, and all the roads in the vicinity are in the hands of brigands. An unknown Anarchist left a bomb with a lighted fuse under one of the seats of the Lausanne-Milan express at Sion. A passenger seized the bomb in order to throw it out of the window, when it ex ploded, tearing off his hand and severely wounding him about the body. The death has occurred, of Mr. John Car yell Williams, chairman of the Society for the Liberation of Religion from State Pat ronage and Control. Thedeceased was the eldest son of Mr. J. A. Williams, of Step ney, and was born in 1820, For 30 years he was secretary of the Liberation Society. ? The Roman Catholic Bishop of limerick (Dr. O'Dwyer) has denounced the secularis ing attitude assumed by the Irish Chief Secretary (Mr. Augustine Birrell) towards education in Ireland, and has advised Na tionalists to declare open war against the Liberal Government- and to cut off all com munications with them. ,.'... '? Jean Geiardy, the celebrated 'cellist, has married Miss Amelia MeQuade, of: Sydney! \\.Mr. R...D. Kleemann.B. A. (Cambridge), and B.Sc. (Adelaide),, has been awarded a research studentship', worth £75 Vyear^at^ Emmanuel College, Cambridge University. Reporting to the .Chicago Board of Health, Dr. Cooke Adams contends ? %Wl statistical investigations in Europe, jGreat Britain, and the United States, fully cor roborate the conclusions arrived at as the result of earlier observations in Australia, viz., that, the great increase of cancer of recent years is due to increased consump tion of animal foods, and particularly 'of the flesh of diseased animals. ';?';' Antoine Thomas, a gem merchant v-whp has been carrying on business at Clermont Ferrand, a large town .212 miles south-east of Paiis, has been arrested for committing a series of nmazing robberies, and has con fessed that be has been engaged in the j systematic robbery of antiquarian valuables from French churches. He allegcfc, niore over, that many of the clergy have con nived at his depredations. ' ',. The registrar}- of the Anglican Arch deaconry of London has directed licensed surrogates under his jurisdiction Rot', .to : entertain applications to marry a widower to his deceased wife's sister, but to refer the matter to the Faculty Office. Parlia ment recently passed a Bill legalising mar riage with a deceased wife's sister, but the majority of the bishops have advised their clergy not to celebrate such marriages; The New Zealand Rugby football teafci, which recently arrived in England, hag fe jfeated Bromley by five goals five tries to i two tries. The ground was in perfect con dition and the game was very fast, the New Zealanders having the upper hand from the start. October 10. Au Imperial edict has been issued in China, ordering the adoption of uniform weights and measures throughout the Em pire within six months. The New York traction exposures have culminated in the testimony of Anthony Brady that a comparatively worthless franchise called the Fulton Wall-street Ferries Railway, which existed only . on paper, had been sold to a metropolitan company for £200,000. Of this Brady said he had received £50,000, and the balance was shared between Ryan, Dolan, Elkina, Whitney, and Widencr, and other Schley brokers. One of the anti-Japanese rioters at Van: couver has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment. The trial of others is pro-1 ceediug. A Russian named Law has been sen tenced to 15 years' imprisonment for filing at the Paris trooi-s on May Day from, &ri; omnibus. ? ? ?? : , 