FACT AND RUMOR Bo ambitious. But atrivo ouly by fair means. The reo- n' Tweed show resulted in profit of. £160. Bo sure Hint your idenls are worthy, then go abend. When is a miwspapor tlio sharpest ? When it is filed. Thirty points of rnin registered hero sitico our Inst issue; Tho Czar has sent his children away. Poor litllo CznrdiucB. Eighty-three out of tho 129 Dorrigo farms liavo been sold. Blayuoy election wis a big victory for tho Government. Be not wasteful with time. It is n verv valuable nrliclo. Ttilciimbah station property is to bo suld at an early dale. Bo anxious to do your best. Tho best, is nope too good. Bo willing to work, nnd then to play, for all you nro worth. Bo sincoro in your work, and your work will bufriond you. A dairy cow should givoat least 100 lbs of butter each ypnr. Young (lourmill showed a profit of £1660/13/2 for Inst year. Another Russian polico official Las been brutally murdered. Reported that Mr. Asliton, M.L.A., will not seek re-election. No polico court cases hero to dny. The weather is too cool. Adclitido wheat market is unaltered — like most other centres. Shiro Council meeting on Wednes day (to-morrow) morning. More nuggets of gold found nt the Poseidon tush in Victoria. A sliortngo of fruit nud potatoes is predicted- ill Now Zealand. Mr. Robert Amos, of Clarence River, is still rcported.ns missing. Postcards given away — read adv on the first page of this sheet. Mr. Bruce Smith says his Fedoral election fight cost him £15. Two thousand men may bo employed on Barren Jack water weir. Tamworth summer raco meeting is postpoucd until March next. Scarlet fever is very prevalent in the Singleton district nt present. Three children drowned at Point Moore, Geraldton, VYestrnlia. Do not forget tho Hospital meeting — to-morrow night, at 8 n.m'. Peel River Estate may yet bo sub divided by the Government. Forluiglitly sales on Friday next — some good hnrgaiua promised. There are 90 licensed auctioneers on the Riclimeud and the Tweed. Record prices for sucking pigs iu the Sydney markets yesterday. A strong southerly wind brought heaps of dust nlong yesterday. Dust and dirt of nil sortB along our footpaths yesterday afternoon. A train fell over an embnnkmout in Russia, and many were killed. Penrith show dates have been fixed for February 28 and Mnreh 1. It iB suid tlio Stnto Parliament will meet for n short session in May. Stated that the business in Sydney during Christmas wns u record. Uases of authrjx at Cootamundra ; one man has died, another is ill. There was a full in tho price of bat ter in Syduey on Saturday last. Tenders required for new Butter Factory building ut Gunncduh, Tho doctors say thnt people cannot, eat too much fruit. Adam did. Income Tax Returns should bo in on or before the 2nd February next. Which is tho smallest bridgo in the "WMU ». AtlW uuuj;u Ut tuo I i USUi One hundred State couvict minors have boon entombed nt Alnhamn. The volcano Etnu, in Sicily, is omit ting smoke nud Hashes of red fire. Once more the Stnto elections aro engaging the polilioiau'salteutiou. Mr. Curruthers left on Friday uight for n trip to tlio country districts. About 15 vessels louding wheat at South Australian ports nt prcseut. Defaulting ratepayers nro to receive n summons — unless they part up. A Syrian womnn tried to kiss n wo- mnn nt Coomn. He got a month. Tenders for fornge for tlio police nro required before the 4th February. " Do it now," should bo a good motto for our farming population, Tho school hells should penl forth n merry ehimo on Monday morning. About 2(J5 immigrants renclied Mel bourne oil route for New Zealand. Postcards — four n pennuy — at this office — somo choice plums. — ndv. When can a d.mkey ho spelled with one letter? When it is U (you). Heavy rains reported this week on the north const. More to follow. Victorian goldyield for 190(3 valued nt £3,280,478 ; highest since 1898.- Aiiuual meeting of suhscribors to lo cal Hospital to-morrow night nt 8. Archdeacon Langley leaves for Ben- digo by steamer on Snturdny noxt. The weather — well, it is precarious. Or, to be correct, very changeable. A womnn was killed on the railway line nt Guildford on Saturday hist. The telephone toll system cornea in to operation on 1st Felrnnry next. The Governor Geuernl is on u mo toring trip in Tasmania at present. Good rniiiB nro reported in many parts of the north western districts. Last year, 2,196.535 sheep, 96,494 cattlu were sold ut Homehnsh yards. Danish butter ships are now fitted with wireless telegraphic nppnrntuB. Mr, E. Lonsdale, ex M L.A., is to re- ceiyo n testimonial from his frieuds. Never mind tho weather — read oar Into ndvsrtisements — on this page. Some light showers pnssed over tho town to-day. Now beautifully cool. Mr. James Marks, 72, n well-known Syduey business nmn, died Inst week. The. Into Queen Mario of Hnnovor left £150,000 for Hanovarian charities. Tho work of constructing Maitland tramway is to be commenced in March. Mr. W. M. Bnrker, well-known Syd ney solicitor, died suddenly this week. Evorybody uses p.ostcnrds — we sell- the cheapest lines prneurnb.'o. Best nt four for threepence — adv. 