NEWS ITEMS. We have pleasure in notifying that the pro cess of removal to our new premises is prac tically completed. The next and future issues of the Advocate will be produced from there. j A paragraph in a recent " Kalgoorlie Mi- ner " intimates that Mr H. F. Gibson, of Cue, has been appointed conductor of the KLal goorlie Operatic Society. The day after the Graldton races, a clea n sheet was presented at the usual morning police court sitting. Not even one " drunk' appeared to face the music, which is some thing of a record. A new brewery is projected at Goraltlton, the promoters of the enterpise being Messrs Speed, Herrington, and Holland. The two first-named are well-known hotelkeepers at the capital, while Mr Holland is said to be a practical brewer. In the local court on Wednesday, a claim by Marshall and Forman against T. H. Marshall, for £16 9s 4d, balance of account for work done, was heard before the Warden. Defendant admitted liability to the extent of 7 os 6d, which amount, together with 15s part costs, was paid into court. After evidence, the decision was reserved. Price of bread in Perth and suburbs has been bumped up to 3d per 2lb loaf, while at Fremantle, the ruling price is now 4d. This is the highest price obtaining for some ten years past, and the reason for the rise is stated to be the increase in the price of flour and horse-feed. Tommy Bent is having a strenuous time of it these days. Recently he wasv assailed by a deputation of employers who lost their tempers considerably and referred to Bent as a Czar and an autocrat and other objectioqable things, Tommy didn't seem to care much, and now has earned further abuse by declaring that he intends to burst up the big estates for closer settlement despite the gilsesi sneers and swears of the land-owning crowd. It he is serious in this intention, and acts up lo his talk, Bent will do Victoria one of the greatest services she has ever been rendered. The Melbourne police are getting nervous about " drunks " who carry small bags. On two occasions lately, inebriated citizens have been ran in and a search of their bags re vealed numbers oflively snakes. One man, arrested the other day, was carting about no less than r4 of the reptiles, and was horribly distressed when the John Hops promptly slaughtered his pets. They shouldn't have stopped at the snakes,, they should have assassinated tbe diinky person also. The " LimeriA" craze has got this centre down, and the population is beginning to wear a worried expression,, resultant on the effort to find- suitable endings to the unfinished verses they are invited to complete. So far none of the prizes has come this way, but a good deal of sleep is being lost by people who nightly wrestle with the problem con cerning the fate of the hayseed who stopped to gaze in a city shop window, and similar intricate mental strains. Flossie appears to have been definitely chased out of Brookman-street, Kalgoorlie, and is now looking anxiously for another quarter wherein she may establish. Seems to us that a good deal of valuable lime would be saved were the Government to do what James once proposed, and that is to set aside a certain location where the ladies of elastic virtue might reside. Otherwise trouble will constantly atise from the fact that Flossie will establish herself in respectable quarters and cause a good deal of annoyance to law abiding neighbours. Experience has proved that Flossie can't be suppressed, but she can be prevented trom being a nuisance to other sections of the community. Arbitration Court is at present trying to work out an award in tbe tailoring industry matter, and is finding the job unusually diffi cult. The employers' union has asked for an award based on the Victorian log, but the trouble appears to be that a number of em ployers who will be affected by the award do not belong to the union and, in fact, were never even asked to join. Further than that, these outside employers complain that they have never been given an opportunity of say ing how far the conditions asked for by the union should apply to them. They now de sire to be excluded from the award, but this, of course, can scarcely be permuted. Alto gether, Burnside and his colleagues have a particularly nasty job on hand. A gentleman named Jones, a member of the Fremantle Council, generally known as " Dungaree Fred," is very solid on secession, He hates the. t'othersiders like poison, and never misses an opportunity for girding at them. The other evening he made the fol lowing remarkable statement at a Council meeting, " They have sent another cov over 'ere, and sent him ' quick ' lo throw dust in our eyes and suck the life blood out of our pockets." Why will people return men of the Jones brand of intelligence to public posi tions on councils and other bodies ? Jones is a pig-headed pugnacious person who spends most of his time in making himself ridiculous, yet he appears to have the confidence of a section of the ratepayers at the Port. They must be easily pleased. As was only to be expected, the various municipalities throughout the State are buckiDg vigorously against the proposed cur tailment of municipal subsidies. All the same we think that it would be be much bet. ter lor tne municipalities were they to learn to rely a little more on their own resources) and to refrain from approaching the Govern ment on every available opportunity for a grant of some description or other. For the past two years Cue hasn't drawn a single penny from the government by way of sub- sidy, and its position, all things considered, is not a bad one. In some instances, per. haps, the reduction of the subsidy will press more or less hardly, but, on the whole, tbe suggestion of the Government is all right. They might, however, go a little further, and restrict the creation of municipalities in places which are really not entitled to the status. We don't advocate a policy of mean ness on the part of the Government towards the municipalities, but it is clear that the present system is by far too costly, and well be subject to review. Mails for the Eastern States and New Zealand will close at the local Post Office this (Saturday) morning at 6 o'clock. There are said to be but tiuee engravers cf shorthand in England, Two are located in London, while the other resides at Bath. He has suggested to his fellow workers the pro priety of starting a trade union. The American woman- is a queer specimen. One of her has just instituted proceedings for divorce against her husband on account of his refusal to procure restoratives to help the growth of his hair. This suit will be tried shortly in Jersey City, and for the husband's sake it is to be hoped that it will be success ful. During the month of October, the sum of ;£i2,ooa was transmitted to Victoria from this State per medium of the post office. Altogether the Eastern States collected from the source named, a total of .£19,75, so they have a lot of reason to feel bitter m nAltl C I W7 ArlrnliA it«A fill lllz An agreement has been concluded by Nobel's Explosives Company, Glasgow, and makers in Birmingham aud on the Continent, to at once raise the price of all explosives by 20 per cent. This will mean a pretty severe tax on mining and other works in which the use of explosives is necessary, that is to say if the reported agreement among the firms has been actually ratified. Legislators in New Zealand are expressing displeasure at the condensed reports of Par liamentary proceedings which appear in the local press. Apparently every pettifogging . little member imagines that his speeches ' should be reported in full, but tbis would be simply impossible so far as the newspapers are concerned. " Hansard " gives the whole business in full and those who desire to do so can easily obtain access to a current copy. Yet another unfortunate, has received serious injuries through the fool habit of climbing fences and things accompanied by a loaded gun. There is only one safe way of negotiating obstacles under such circum stances, and that is certainly obvious, but the same old man will probably insist on climbing through the same old fence with the same old gun till the end ot Time. A Perth exchange prints ' a translation of a letter written in Danish by Percy Grainger to some English friends from Grieg's bouse in Copenhagen " Now why in thunder did Percy write to his English friends in Banish ? No reason, perhaps, except that he has never got cut of the posing habit which gripped him when he was a small boy, and which used to make fellow-passengers with him in the Hawthorn trains years ago, simply ache to spank him. He was a simpering, affected kid theD, and, apparently, ,he hasn't outgrown it. More trouble has eventuated at the Perth Hospital, this time in connection with the wardsmaids. It's about time the Govern ment took some steps to place tbis institution on a satisfactory footing, and one of the first of these is the sacking of secretaty Han cock, a vacuous youth who says " Haw" with the correct intonation, but otherwise is use less. Something more than ability to make the donkey observation is needed in the running of a hospital. The population of tbe State at the present time is returned at 265,077, of which total fe males number 110,169, and males 154,908. Last month the departures exceeded tbe ar rivals by.429, but that is easily accounted for by the usual rush East incidental to the sea son. Births exceed deaths by 452, and a net increase of population of 23, which is an im provement on the figures for the correspond ing month of last year, when a considerable decrease was shown. All things considered, the figures are not unsatisfactory. At Tuesday's meeting of the Cue Council, considerable discussion ensued on tbe reading of a communication from the Kalgoorlie municipal body relative to the proposed re duction in the Government subsidy allotted municipalities. Kalgoorlie desired the co operation of Cue in resisting the reduction and also asked for assistance in securing half tke amount paid for publicans' licences. A difference of opinion arose among councillors as to the request for half the licence fees, but eventually a motion to the effect that a re duction of the subsidy should be stienuously : opposed, and that the municipalities be en titled to a moiety of the licence fees was car ried. It was further resolved that the mem ber for the district be requested to oppose strongly any reduction of the subsidy. A matter was brought under the notice of the Council the other evening which cer tainly does not reflect credit on the postal authorities. From the statement of Cr Healey, it appears that for some twelve months or more, in fact ever since the de parture ot of Mr Fels, the local post-office has been managed by an acting- postmaster who receives only the salary attached to the position of chief operator. It is understood that a permanent appointment was made after the departure of Mr Fels, but has never been completed owing to tbe illness of the officer selected for the position. That is all very well, but seeing that the present ac'ing P.M. has discharged his duties satis factorily for the time stated, he is certainly entitled to the salary attaching to the more important office. Very properly the council has recorded its disgust at the sweating tac tics of the Department responsible and in tends to urge a -permanent appointment as soon as possible, ) Some farther information would be welcome regarding the case of a sick man landed from a German ship at Hobart. It is alleged that before he was permitted to land at all, the Federal authorities demanded a bond of £500 uuder the Immigration Restriction Act, but in view of the six hatters myth, and the Petri- ana fantod more details cf the occurrence would be acceptable. Incidents of this na- ture are invariably magnified, still, if it should turn out that an act of savage inhumanity has been committed, those responsible should be brought to book. In all probability how ever, the request for the bond was merely in formal compliance with the provisions of an Act which is in force for the express purpose of preventing Australia from acquiring undesir able immigrants. Other countries have simi lar laws, but the anti- Australian section of our community hasn't time to remember that 