From Russia to America. THE NEW EXODUS. ("American Hebrew.") A change has conic over the character of the immigrants now coining from Russia to this country, and it seems worth while draw., ing attention to this variation. The first comers of 1&S1; were driven over here by wild but natural dread of the recurrence of the massacres. In many cases the victims oi the riots were deprived of the veriest necessities, and had to be ussistcd by char ity at least in the early days after their ar rival. The same class of immigrant has formed the bulk of the refugees during the succeeding quarter of a century. Hut dis persed among them have always been Jew ish immigrants who have been led to seek a new country from the usual motives of seek ing betterment of their material conditions or finding more congenial surroundings. Jinny of these were amply provided with means to start afresh in a new country, and of this type were the most promising Jew ish citizens of the United States. The remarkable thing about the recent ar rivals during the past two years or so is that the majority of them now are of the latter type of what may bo called the self supporting class. The general success of the Russo-Jowish element in New York City and elsewhere has had its natural cll'ect in at tracting other Russian Jews, emulous of like prosperity. Brunches have been established in this city of important mercantile concerns already existing in ltussiu or conducted by Jtussian Jews in Europe. It would be in vidious to pick out examples, but the causes which have drawn, for instance, Mr. Lubar sky and Mr. Lewin-Epstein to the United States arc alike honourable to themselves and profitable to the country at large. But it is not alone with regard to the ma terial resource of the new-comers that the New Exodus shows such promising signs, but, judged from a spiritual standpoint, the accessions to our ranks of recent years havo been even mora distinguished. Mr. Abraham Goldfndcn, the father of the Yiddish drama, has been with us some time, but recent ac cessions to the bund of Yiddish litterateurs include such well-known writers as Pinsky, and, quite recently, Sholcm Alechem. An other person whose advent in our midst is a mutter of congratulation is Mr. Schub, who has written some of the most charming folk songs in Yiddish. The newcomers also in clude Mr. Pereferkovich, who has attempted and partly carried through the colossal task of translating the Talmud into Russian. Thus, apart from Perez und Abrumovieh, al most all the chief writers of Yiddish are now congregated in JNew York City, and it is extraordinary to remember what progress Yiddish has made in the world's opinion dur ing the last quarter of a century. From be ing contemptuously regarded as a jargon, it is now distinctly recognised as a.Janguagu with a literature of considerable distinction. It may, indeed, fairly be claimed for it, apart from the literatures of the great na tions, Yiddish now possesses masterpieces .equal to any of those contained in Dutch, Danish, or modern Greek, so far as theso have been written by contemporaries. Most of the men who have contributed to its re markable renaissance aro now congregated in New York. The professions have also received acces sions from the New Exodus. Doctors trained in the best clinics of Europe, lawyers and publicists who have already obtained dis tinction in their branches of study beforo leaving for these shores, journalists of no moan capacity have joined the New York community in the past few years. What Itussia has lost Now York has gained, ft is clear that gentlemen of the intellectual and mercantile standing referred to above should bo welcomed in any community of the world, and still more in that of New York, where the Russian contingent has hitherto been wanting in just these murks of leadership and responsibility. The New Exodus is fortunate both, for New York .Jewry and for America itself. 