GENERAL. NEWS. The Prince of Wales, who was a Vioo Admiral in the Royal Na*j, has been: promoted to the rank of Admiral, A very prosperous year was expej^ ienoed by Egypt during 1906. The »- venne for the year amounted to £15, 337,000, showing a (surplus over expen diture of £E2;i75,00O (An Beyptian £is equal to £1 0s 6jd).. v According to New York cablegriainv Mrs. Eddy, founder of the Christian Science sect, has offered her Eon a large sum of money to forego all claims against her and the Ghristian Scientists. Snow and rain caused a tremendons mountain slide, extending over sii; square miles, at Guelma, Algeria, whiotg destroyed many houses, and buried 8$f persons. ^ A man at Opwra maintains a fomilyj of 14 persons on a block of 14 acres. Bw£ has six acres pnefer wheat one acre' ot choice table vines, 600 fruit trees and several oows, and nigs. The produce is sold retail by the grower in the town ghip of Cowna. Mr. Campbell, Government Director' of Agriculture for New South 'Wales,' and Mr. Allan, Government Fruit Ex pert, paid a visit to North Tanoo (Sir. Samuel M'Caunhey's irrigated station), ' with the object of selecting a site for a State irrigation farm for instructive; purposes. The annual report of the German Im perial Bank shows that during 1906 the bank sustained a further loss of 740,000. marks (about £37.000) in. connection) with notes forged1- Seznel Grunenthal. formerly manager of the Imperial print ing office, and circulated abroad since his death. These have now been, re deemed. Grunenthal's forgeries of bank notes in 1898 amounted, as far as was then known, to 500,000 marks (£25, 000). About 50 members of the Federal Houses, and representing all parties, gave Mr. Deakin a complimentary lunch on Tuesday at Parliament House on the eve of his departure for London, The health of the guest was proposed by Senator Gould, President of the Senate. Mr. Deakin leaves by thb Adelaide express to-day, to catch the mail steamer. At the annual meeting of the Lioen~ Bed Victuallers' Association the newt president declared that the objective of the prohibition party appeared to be to wipe out the publican. The Licensed victuallers, he said, wished to elevate the drink traffic in every way. but un fortunately the temperance party would not meet them. Mr. Power believed it would be advantageous if the hotels were closed at the_ local o-tion poll. Dor the people would rise up and restore the trade its rights. Members were urged to face the position and use their' best efforts to conserve their rights at the coming State elections. The announcement that ex-Senator Staniforth Smith was to get an impor tant appointment in the administration of British New Guinea has at lw***en ficially confirmed1. Ei-Senator Smlti had a long conference with the .SSg? minister in Melbourne on Tuerfsyj MPfr mining, and puDlic aepartnnwis tror Papua. The new appointment is. of course, subject to the approval of Par liament. It forms part of an important scheme for the industrial development of Papua, which will be laid before Par liament by the Prime Minister on his return from England in July. A peculiar case occupied the atten tion of the Albury licensing bench. AJ publican named Drury went away sud denly, leaving a Mr. Giles in charge of the hotel. The Albury Brewery Com pany took possession, authorising Mr. Giles to continue in charge of the pre mises pending a transfer of the license to another person. The transfer was duly granted, and the police then pro secuted Mr. Giles for selling liquoai with out a licence. For the defence it was urged that Giles was acting as agent! for Drury up to the date of the transfer of the licence. The charge was dismiss ed. The ballot of members of the affilia ted societies of the Broken Hill Political Labor League, which commenced' a week ago to determine whether the Mayor, pelled from the Municipal Labour Party for his action in standing for mayoral office in opposition to the Boliditary Labor candidate, Alderman Gamborie, has concluded. It resulted in a sub stantial majority against Alderman Chester's action, ana in favor of his expulsion from the party. It is stated that an effort is to be made to oust Alderman Chester from the position of mayor on the ground of irregularity in votine when the election took place. A report from Omeo (Vio.) states that for a fortnight past Mr. O. F. Summers, sculptor, has been engaged in examining the marble deposits at Benambra, under instructions from tile Minister of Mines. Becently some samples were sent to Parliament House for inspeo tion, and Minister and members who saw them expressed admiration, of their beauty of grain, especially the white marble, which was declared1 to be equal to that which is used for Italian statu ary.. Mr. Summers lies found that the marbles are distributed over, miles of country, and as they are much broken, it will be necessary to quarry to some depth to get blocks free from flaws. He has returned to Melbourne to see if the Minister of Mines is willing to ex tend the period of operations. An extraordinary occurrence is re ported from Bowna. Mr W. G. Small, storekeeper, oo opening the back door of hie residence in Bong Bong-street, at 7 o'clock on Wednesday morning, was astonished at discovering a pipe lead ing into the underground tank had torn up the briofc covering, and that the sol id brickwork of the well itself had been bodily lifted up out ofthe ground nearly 2ft. The well is 8ft c&amBter;, and 10ft. deep. It is birilt of 4J in. brickwork, in cemeat with a brick bottom, and con tained about a foot of water. The! structure is estimated to weigh eight tons. The occurrence is toausinfc fne greatest interest amongst the residents. No cause can be assigned, except poe ibly that of foul air. It was a perfect ly clean lift, no crack or fissures being made in the cement. , The water, is un disturbed, and is not diminishing. Leading, residents consider the occurr ence worth of unusual was heard during last night to account for the |*enom enon. ptlEvoy Brothers,, of Gundagai, have set a considerable number of stock aroogh their eating decayed carcases * poisoned rabbits. Grass is extreme 4y scarce, ??' The Mayor of ?Gundagai was on Tues day informed that the local water sup Uy.jgeheme would be started in three *eek»' time. A supply to household ers' hss been guaranteed by next sum mer. ' - As the result of the Hospital Sunday -v4*u£?vw*u tib uerriigHJi, in ua oi me Jerilderie Hospital, the eercetaiy has -received a cheque for £74 12s 4d. This is a record collection for one afternoon. Mr. J. J. Quirk, has been elected president of the Niarandera. Hospital. A special Government prant of £400 has been obtained for the institution, end Sir Samuel M'daughey has given £600 or the purpose of providing the hospi tal with an operating theatre. ^With the drying up of the pastures sttlers are taking the opportunity to destroy the rabbits by means of poison- I ed water. An Albury dietriot grazieri who tried this plan carefully examined the land within the radius of a feW ?chains and discovered over 2000 dead rabbits the last day after the water had been poisoned. The executive committee of the Immi gration League, at, a special meeting, passed resolutions strongly protesting against the suggested introduction of Russian Jews into the Northern Terri tory, and expressing the opinion that every scheme for immigration, into Aus tralia should contain provisions ensur ing that preference should be given to British white subjects. Messrs. ITPherson, Martin, and Ob borne, members of the Forestry Board, passed through on Saturday, en. routa or the Bago Forest Reserve, which they intend to inspect, with a view to mak ing any suitable land available for closer settlement. They have just completed the inspection of all reserves on the) .falls of the Murray River. At a large publio meeting at Albury on Wednesday night, presided over by the mayor, the matter of increasing public interest in the Albury Technioal College was discussed at length. AJ committee was pointed for the pur pose of enrolling pu--'k and furthering the interests of the institution general ly. A subscription-list was also opened with a view to establishing bursanes in connection with the college. In conse quence of lack of supoort it was recent ly feared that the oollege would be closed; At the instance of M. Yussey, editor of the 'Moayyua.' the Nationalist paper at Cairo,whioh is 6up*-osed to bo backed by the Khedive, the .General As sembly has passed a resolution demand ing the early granting of full parliamen tary institutions end other -wide con cessions. Replying to Mr. Henniker Heaton.in the House of Commons, the Prime Min ister said that to invite the. Colonial Premiers to address the Commons from the Bar of the Hooee, or in. the Oham' ber itself,' would be contrary to preced ent and usage. It was not possible on expedient, he said, to accede to the suggestion. j^JC^ajWaBibaj^Mohill. Parliament i^s^^^^^^l& State for the 'Colonies, was in constant* communication with' Sir Bverard un Thurn, Governor of Fiji, before and af ter the New Hebrides Convention was ratified, but that it was not intended to publish confidential correspondence. An old resident of Codal, William Howell, was found lying near the fence of paddock, with a portion of his head blown away, and a gun lying near him. The fatality is believed to be the result of an accident. He had been convers ing with a friend an hour before the body was found. An inquest was held on Wednesday afternoon, and a verdict returned of death from. gunshot wound, but from the evidence adduced the jury was unable to say whether it was acci dental or otherwise. The Paris corres-ondent of the 'Times' states that Germany has lat terly made strenuous exertions to es tablish a policy of rapprochement with Denmark, in the hope of neutralising the Danish Straits and making the Bal tic a 'mare clausum' ('closed sea'). The correspondent adds that Germany is steadily developing her influence in Swe den and Norway, and will soon be pre ponderant in the Baltic A naval court has just investigated! the circumstances surrounding the ac cident to the first-class battleship Do minion, 16,300 tons, of. the Atlantic fleet. The Dominion struck a' reef in Chaleur's Bay, New Brunswick, in Au gust Jast. She did not remain aground1, jut it was discovered that she was leak ing, and she had to be taken to (juebeo for repairs. The Court has held that the commander, Captain J&ngsmill;, and the navigating lieutenant, Mr. Basil S. Noake, were to blame, and severely reprimanded both of .them. 