THE JULY MAGAZINES. ' : KEYS OF THE. BALTIC. Tho naval position Of Gormnny in the event ot a war with England Is discussed by Mr. J. Ellis Barker with much lucidity in the "Nine teenth Century nnd Aftor." The main point mado by tho writer is that whoa Germany has coinploted her flobt ot 20 Dreadnoughts, and has also wldoned nnd deepened the Kiel Canal to allow theeq mammoth warship to pa»s from | the Baltio to tho North Sdn, jt Wjil be ueces- ( sary for England to bavo one fleet of more j than 20 Dreadnoughts to,, watch the mouths of 1 tho Elba end Weser, and a second fleet of more than 20 Dreadnoughts to watch tho ICattogat. Tho German fleet can got out of. lli-J Baltto by either of twb routes. Consequently a superior force of British ships will b? required to block both routes. This authority nrgucs that it will bo of 'vital Importance to Germany to se cure safe passage for her ships through the Groat Belt, the Little Belt, und the Sound, the throe chanuols loadiug from tho Baltic to the Kattegat. And since these channels arc domi nated by Danish fortresses, he predicts that Germany, if she fails to seourc the willing co operation of Dohmark, will land- troops in Den mark and capture tho fortresses. Denmark, tborofore, must bo promptly assisted by Groat Britain with ships- and mon if that dosign Is to bo blocked. Access to the Baltic .is of the ut most importance to Great Britain, because with that advantage it would be easy to laud troops:! in Mecklenburg -or Pomcranla, within easy dm- ; toneo of Berlin, and thus compel Germany to-1 keep Uor malh army to defend her capital. In- ! cldontnlly, It Is noted that the British states- | men Who linndud'ovor Heligoland to Germany in exchange for certain barren conucsslons In | Africa made a very bad bargain. Heligoland bos now been strongly fortified as a base for torpedo-boats, and it3 heavy gdns would take part In operations against a 'British fleet ap proaching the Klol Canal. The writer says that Oornmny has arranged to spend Ill.OOU.Otto in widening and dcoponlng tha Kiel Canal, a work' which Is expeoted to occupy eight years. And he Is of opinion that until that work Is completed tho Kaiser's Government will strenu ously avoid being drawn Into war. IRISH AFFAIRS. Mr. William O'Brien, M.F., wTlting in the "Nineteenth Century and After" on "Tho Break-, down In Ireland," throws some light upon tho sinister attitude of those Irish political leaders who fought against tb« Land Purchase Act on tho ground that "pending a satisfactory .measure of Home Rulo any negotiation accommodation or acceptance of responsibility as to nn agra rian settlement would but weaken the main national demand." Apparently tho same prin ciple la still in operation. But though the oppo sition to the acceptance of the tand purchase system was- overcome the refusal to accept the Instalment of local-govorning powers offered by the Irish Counoli -Bill has been unanimously ratified by tho Nationalist Convention. And honoo the present troubles in Ireland. Mr. O'Brien indignantly defends himself from: the charge of having entered into any negotiations with Mr. Wyndhnm, Sir. Anthony MacDonnoll, or Lord Dunravon, And In .replying to some of Mr. Redmond's accusations ho tells once more the astounding story of how Mr. Redmond himself sold his own estnto lu Wexford at twenty-four and a half years' purchase Immedia tely after Mr. Redmond himself had advised the country to stand out for the eighteen and a halt jears to twenty-two' years' programme. Of course, the "unreasonable landlords" Instantly raised the cry, "Why should we accept less than your own leader received?" In due course, the "Anti-Conciliation" Party gained the upper hand, and thus the well-intentioned offer, em bodied In Mr, Birrell's bill was thrown away. Tho story of the squabbles between tho different sections of the Nationalists is not particularly edifying. And tho present situation in Ireland lends point to Mr, William O'Brien's sage re mark that "the secret of most of our failures Is a certain tendency of Irish leaders, who are only too moderate when they ought to be ex treme, to be extreme In moments of triumph when it would be patriotic courage to be mod erate." LORD CROMER'S EGYPTIAN POLICY. Mr. Edward Dicoy crosses swords in an article in tho "Nineteenth Century, and After" with Sir Auckland Colvln, who had taken him to task in a provlous article for having adversely criti cised Lord Cromer, and for having declared that If. Egypt had boen governed on the principle of tho native States of India, Instead of by the autocratic regime ot the British Agent in Cairo, tho paclflcatlon of the country would have been assured. Mr. Dicey quote3 a report by Lord Dufforln In support of his view. Ho condemns Lord Cromer for having drastically censored t1»A Anpln.Rtffvntlnn ntwl Ppannn.lirvntlnn nrnaH and for having humiliated tho Khedive. He writes concerning Lord Cromor:— "I was as sured by his partisans, on the announcement pt ills resignation from ill-heoltb, that the ner vous prostration to which be had succumbed was duo to tho irritation caused him by the perusal of 'The Egypt of the Future' (Mr. Dlcoy'8 rocontly-published book), and the article goes on to assert that tho oauBes of Lord Cro mer's rotiremont woro 'more political than medicinal.' " Mr. Dicoy is qualified by long study nnd oxporlonoo of Egypt to write on the subject authoritatively. But his attack on Lord Cromer lu DufflclDntly answorod by tho foot that the House of CommonB rocontly passed a rote of £50,000 as a recognition of Lord Cromer's ser vices by an overwhelming majority. The repre sentatives of tbe people of Great Britain at auy rate are satisfied with Lord Cromer's work. IMPERIAL UNITY. In tile "Fortnightly Review" the pride ot place Is occupied by nn eloquent article from the pen of Sir Rowland Blennerhassett, entitled "Tho Vital. Question," In which the writer con tends that Germany's policy ot expansion must continue even If tho Hohenzbllern dynasty were to coase ' to exist, and pleads for "Imperial education" and consolidation ot the British Em pire. Aftor pleading that the people of Great Britain should be made to understand the In terests, vlows, and footings of their fellow- subjeots beyond the seas, he goes on to say that "some of the oversea dominions of the King llkewtso sorely need Imperial Instruction. They do not ail realise as 'clearly as they should that England propor Is the heart of the Empire, and that thoro are special English Interests which are paramount' and vital. While Eng land should be ready with all her rosourccs to defend each and all of the King's do minions beyond tho soas, our fcllow-subjects In those countries' should always remember on their side that England, from the necessity ot hor position and partly in consequence of the existence of tho Empire Itself, has In dealing with other groat Powers when international difllculliesyariso to takb a more comprehensive view of the situation than may commend Itself tor the moment to tho public opinion of a par ticular colony. It will, however, be necessary In establish a council in London consisting of representatives from every portion of the Em pire to advise upon Imperial questions, but wo must always remember tbo fundamental truth thnt the consolidation of the Empire enn only bo attained as Gorman and Italian unity wero | attained by sacrifice and solf-abncgatlon." These are weighty words) and tboy aro uttered by ono who Is an ox-Ambassador, and who speaks with authority. HOLLAND AND BELGIUM. An anonymous contributor writes In the "Fortnightly" on the need of a common under standing between Holland and Belgium as to Joint action in the event of either country be ing invaded by Germany. The argument is thut if the two countrlos wore allied thoy would fliid themselves ablo to arrest the onward rush of the Germans until assistance could nrrive from Franoe and England. A danger which throat- ens England, according to this writer, is that Germany may at any moment dcutdo to move westwards and crush the two peoplos of tho Netherlands before thoy have awaked to the danger. The temptation to Germany on tbe shores of tho North Sea can oven now scarcely be restrained, and in tho present position of af fairs I believe that her army would be in pos session of Brussels before the Bolglan army was ready to Are a shot. And ho goee on to say that "If England wOre so blind and apathetic as to allow Germany to coerce theso comparatively weak countries, or ono of them, into tho state of subjection in which Prussia now holds Bava ria. or Saxony, she would have signed her own death warrant." MR. DEAKIN. Mr. Rlohard Haln, in the course of an article to the "Fortnightly," on "Alfred Doakln," re capitulates tho clilot points In tho political history of tbe present Prime Minister of tbe Commonwealth, since ho first entered Victorian politics as a lieutenant of Graham Berry, and recounts tho valunblo work that Mr. Doakln performed at tho convention of 1891. "He had a closer knowledge than most of his follows at any of tbe Federal conventions," wrltcu Mr. Haln, "of the Federal principle of government by which States may retain what is essential for thoir separate existence as States, and yet give up powers to a federation which will make a solid unity. .Both these principles are ia the 1891 -measuro, and both found their place In tho final measure. Tho master mind of tbo bill of 1891 was that of Sir Samuel Griffiths, then Premier of Queensland, and now Chief Justice of the Commonwealth; but in alose alliance with Sir Samuel, giving him of his best without stint, content to reach the goal of a sound union through any leadership, so that it bo reached, is found Alfred Doalcln." Mr. Haln expresses tho opinion that a' true federal policy is com ing very fast now. "Mr. Deakln is leading the Australian Parliament to-day, not by- force of numbers, but by force of his personal strength." But there is not a word In the whole article on tho subject of tho Labor caucus, and Mr. Deakin's dependence on It. CAPTAIN MAHAN ON "WHITE AUSTRALIA." The gist of Captain Mahan's article in the "National1 Review," on "Tho Hague Confer ence," is that organised force cannot be super seded by arbitration In settling vital Issues be tween nations. Aud incidentally he bus some pregnant observations to offer on tho exolu- sionist policy of Australasia, with regard to the mass of people in China and Japan. "1 do not criticise an attitude with which, whether I ap prove or not, I can sympathise," he writes; "but as I look at tbe legislation and contrast the material conditions, I wonder at tho improvi dence of Australasia in trusting that laws, though breathing the most popular conviction and purposo, can protect their lands from that which threatens. 'Go homo,' eald Franklin, to a fellow-colonist In tho days of unrest In America, 'and tell them to get children. That will settle all. our difficulties.' Fill up your land -with men of your own kind If you wish to keep It for youreolves. Tho Pacific States of North Amorica are filling up, and, more Import ant, they back solidly upon and are politically ono with other great communities into which the liumnn tide Is pouring apace; yet, in thorn, too, labor may inflict upon Its own alms revo lutionary defeat, if for supposed local advantage Lt embarrasses tho immigration of its own kind. It is very different for those who are severed from llieir liko by sea, and therefore must stand on their own bottom. All the naval power of the British Empire cannot suffice ulti mately to save a remote community which nei ther breeds men la plenty nor freoly Imports them." Ominous words, truly, from a high authority. MR. W. M. HUGHES ON MILITARY TRAINING. Mr. TV. M. Hughes, M.H.R., -has a woll-written artlcio in the "National Review" on tho subject of "Univorsal Compulsory Training for Home Defence," and in tho course of his remarks he applies the lash freely to those who oppose that system. "This parrot-like reiteration of the cry about compulsory universal training being hateful to a free people is just cant of tho most unadulterated kind. It Is not their freedom that tho majority fear is in danger, but their pleas ures. To say that mon will not fit themselves to perform this eacrod duty and defend thoir country without compulsion Is to condemn tliora ns degenerate and unworthy and foolish." Mr. Hughes argues that a trained citizen army is not only In accordance with the principles of democracy, but is vital to tho existence of democracy. "Without It democracy is but a house of cards." Hoe points out that universal compulsory training Is radically different from conscription. "Conscription withdraws a man from industrial pursuits for so long a period as to unfit him for civil occupation. Universal training fits a man more effectively to follow his civil calling." Tho writer says that In Australia "Conservatives, Liberals, and Labor men forget their party differences and join hands for the good of their country. We have a hard fight ahead of us before success can be hoped for. But at any rate our faces are set In the right direction, and men of all parties have tho courage openly to declare their conviction that to defend our country and preserve our liberties effectively the compulsory universal training of our citizens is absolutely neces sary." 