News in Brief Rand Chinese have offered to be allowed to stay. • £8084 Russia intends to fortafy Vladivostok on acolossal scale. . ... . . -»• Rockefeller made £2 ,000,000 in eight years out of oil. The rejection of another Land Tax Bill will necessitate a dissolution. Legislative Assembly staJses its life on the issue of a conflict with the Council. Reported that rivail Sultans in Morocco have agreed to a division of power. ^ Senator De Largie : "Western Australia under Federation ha-s cot suffered." On figures this State is made to show a profit of £25,000 on Federation. ^ City Corporation propose to entertain the Kaiser at the Guildhall in November. Labor Congress at Winnipeg condemned Salvation Army immigrants as wastrels. Liberals in Egypt condemn seditious propaganda of Nationalists in that country. Senator Lynch : A cheap fertiliser lay at the root of successful cultivation in Australia. Western Australia is exporting flour to Singapore. Adelaide ditto to our North-west ports. Mr S. W. Copley is satisfied that; same of our despised land is eood for a sheep to two acres. -%. •%. Turkey is planning to fortify her territory adjacent to Egypt, menacing the Suez Canal. Itidy and Argentine have agreed t 0 submit all disputes which may arise between them to arbitration. * » » •» A bill to authorise transcontinental, survey will <be shortly introduced in the South Australian Assembly. The influx of Asiatics into British Columbia continues, a shipment of 450 Japanese having readied Victoria' LoederviUe Council has resolved bo take steps to change /the name of the municipality to that of West Perth. Mr C. A. iPiesse advises Parliament to reduce the sinking fundi and make the water scheme pay. Very sensible idea. In a small conference the municipal delegates at Perth rejected a motion in favor of the election of Mayors by the council. •' . . Parliament does not re-assem'jle till the 8th of next month, wh'ch will give the Government ample time to attend to its organism. -mr The Cape Government favors the estahlishmcfflt hi London of an intercolonial commercial agency, representing the five South African colonies. • Dutch farmers at present in Victoria and New South Wales are looking towards Western Australia as possible field for plying their industry. ^ Last week 302 miners and 97 laborers applied for works on =the Barrier. Yet managers still say that competent men need not look long for work. Lord Brassey, ex-Governor of Victoria, addressing a conference, suggested that the State should purchase the railways, beginning, with those of Ireland. Grave fears are entertained as to the safety of Dr. William Brace's Arctic expedition, which proceeded northwards from Spitsbergen and Foreland Sound. The State Labor forces are meeting at Kalgoorlie fior the trieaniai; conference, and we shall probably soon hear how this country should be run on economical lines. Peace Conference sharply divided •over constitution of new Court of Arbitral Justice. Another thorny question is the conversion of merchantmen into belligerents. Mr Danish fails to see why persons' who have cot paid rates should exercise rights. His experience was that poor men paid promptly, while the better off came up slowly* The South Australian Assembly'is still wrangling with the Council over the franchise question. The trouole has been on for over two years now, and is about as far off settlement as The Westraiian boys returned to Melbourne on Saturday after their New South Wales tour. On the way down they stopped at Bena/lla, and played a team of local juniors. It was a very close game, Brnalla eventually winning by 3 goals 7 behinds to 3 goals 4 behdnds. The Medical Board have struck the name of Dr. Swanston off the registered list of practitioners, and an application is to be made to the Supreme Court for an injunction to restrain the board from continuing the doctor's disqualification. 