wwiniNi Oatble «alea to-day. Edison, the famous inventor, is seri-\ ously ill, Buffering from nervous col lapse. The right to mine coal on the Lecon field estate, near Greta, has been sold for £44, 000, Owing to the steamer Tuncurry being bar-bound at Forster, a valuable cargo of fish was lost, ' An alteration in B! Jenkins' ad vertisement appears in this issue, and is well worth! scrutinising'. Mr. J. J)ancan, a highly respected' resident of CofPs Harbor, died on Tuesday last from appendicitis. The South African Cricket' Associa tion has reSolVed to jnVife an 'Austra- lian team tOvisiVSnuth Africa in 1909. Anotherlarge wing of the Byron Bay butter factory is being completed; increasg^rf bdsine6s:hav^ig necessitated '? lfc' /' V:- ' /.'? ''' Old residents 'of I be Maitland dis tiricb state that jtkey have not seen the district in such a dry state foi\tlie past 50 yearg..^,, Japan .will soon, have a fleet of the fastest torpedo-bp^t destroyers afloat ; several knots an .hour speedier than the next best. -. I General Botha, Premier of the Trans vaal, declares that Asiatic immigration is one of the gravest dangers confront ing the country. Dr. Woolnough, Assistanb Lecturer in Geology at the University, says that the safety of Newcastle is uot likely to be endangered in any way. The. Canadian Government steamer Arche.has returned to Quebcc, ? after planting the British flag on several islands in northern waters. The Danish steamer Alfreder Landsen, of Copenhagen, while hound from Liban was lost with 20 hands on St. Abbs Head, Scotland.. The unhealthy condition of Federal Parliament House is causing much concern: A sewerage scheme is to be carried out. at a cost of £3800. Mrs-E. Mc O. S. £1 ill, having just returned -from vigil ing the wholesale 'warehouses, inviteB inspection of the latest novelties in millinery, etc. The man who discovered that a soap bnbble was the thinnest thing in exis tence evidently never came across a choicespecimen oi political argument. Mr. Daniel O'Connor, who is return ing after an absence of over two years, stated at Fremantle that the ignorance of Australia in England was appalling. Mr. Patrick Keating, a farmer, who resided in the Hunter district for half a century,, died at Dagworth, near West Maitland, on Saturday, aged 95 years. Mr. Rudyard Kipling, speaking at Toronto, said the need of the Canadian West was labor, and they should ' pump in - immigrants from the Motherland.' Mr. CharleB Henry Lee, son of Mr. Tom Lee, of Collorabatti, died on Sunday week at the Macleay District Hospital, aged 24 years. Deceased suocumbed to an affection of the brain. Ida Schnell, aged 13 years, a nnrBe girl, of M unich; has confessed to'having murdered six infants by sticking a hair pin into their skulls. She gives as her reason for the crimes that' the crying of the babies troubled her. Hon. O. A.jLee, when interviewed By a Clarence River deputation re garding the ever-present and never ending bar trouble, promised 'to con struct the northern breakwater and ' create a strftighWhannel iver the bar.' ThreaMneui-ware-4ishifig Grey River, naaruBlackball,:N;Zi,wben tbe canoe capsiee'd. ; Constable Lyons took - one man-Asbore, and tben Tvent bsck for JossphSkianer, the thifd man; 'but both Lyonssnd Skinner were drtswned. «i6i i..--.— ? * A cow belonging to. Mr.*!,' Gralla', gher, of MMpethjldiejllaBt week, a»d, on beingiflpened it ' was : ifound ;that death wigujaused by a piece of wire penetratipg-thehearr. , The. £ow *had. evidently '.swallowed the. wire- some time previously. - ... David: Victor Orchard,- Who was found gjpijfcy at the' Bendjgo. Sessions of havii& attempted, to :tnurder John Thonoas Grant hy throwing a box of ^geiignite.dipwn a . shaft of ..the Great 'Extended; Hustlers mine, was sen tenced to tbreeyeara' imprisonment, . -. ,A writer in the Lismore ' Chronicle iilAdvocatingCclhtinfental bathing de ciliftS his lekperiencehaff been that the opposition to such bathing comes from those Qf'-vin'egarface, yellowekin'and scraggy limb,whichis Hslfear. evidence' Jtbat epvy is atttie root of their pro ? te«ts;h ; King Edward, in a Marconigram, in j^piy tp the wireless message of Earl rQray, Go vernor-deneral of Canada, fiaid that .he *?aB deliehtpd that wire: less Transatlantic telegraphy wouU}, unite the bonds between ' Can&da; and the Motherland so closely. 