yTHE LABOUR PARTY. )ss&mina; the oyens forces. i f. i f ) 1 'rf'i i f ,J- -1j A serl03«)f publlo meetings for the. par- pose -UWjiScatiDg the electors of Ovens principles of the Libonr party, and of organising that party, was commenced at the Federal Hall, Beeohworth, on Wednesday evening, when Mr. Mathews, M.H.R., and Mr. Flndley, member of the .n suerai senate, actdreased a very small audience, composed principally of labor men. Or. LOWE said he did nob intend to make a speech, bnt was extremely pleased to preside that evening, and was sura they had a treat In store, which thosa who were absenb wonld mis?. He then intro duced the two visitors; Speaking of Senator Flndley, the Chairman said he was the hardest working member of the Senate.' Mr. MATHEWS said lb was his firsb visit to Beechworth, and he liked the town. Their visit was not in the belief that they were going to take Beech worth by storm. They simply repre sented their party—" the terrible Labor party." He would like to show tbe people of Baech worth what- their alms and aspirations were. They were gener ally regarded as bsing anxious to live on fin a n rvrlolnn a( aL.1.. £.11 mi "I _ m-w -'Mciuu wi tucu iojiutTB. xuey d> Heved rather in every man according to his deeds. They did not pretend that every man was equal, or capable of equal eminence. They believed that if the poorest child reared in the worst hovel had the opportunities of the affl aenb, they would equal them, (kpplanse.) Hence they believed that all ahonld have equal opportunities in a half- clvlllsed com munity. The people In rural districts were nnder the impression that they were against the people in the cities, and the people lb the oities were againsb those In tho country. This idea was the creation of the large newspapara. The rich people nnder a Labor regime might have to do with 3d. cigars Instead of 2s. 6d. ones, and do without motor oars, but they maintained that if the other 95 per cent, of the population were benefited it wonld be a good thing. Every time a Labor candidate gob up to say anything, the newspapers sa'd they were Sochllats. There was only one plank in their plat form, however, that was at all socialistic, and that was the nationalisation of mono polies. What did that mean 3 He re presented a great manufacturing district, but the nationalisation of Industries did not frighten them. They supported this Socialistic plank. Hs would point out a tew or tne monopolies. In the ficab phce there wa? the sugar, whloh was subsidised by the Government, and so long as it was nsed to pay the dlffjranc? between the employment of white and black men It was all right. Bat it was used to bolster np a groat monopolistic ompany, which was bleeding the people of the Commonwealth of Aa3tra'ii with one hand, whilst lb took a subs dy from the people with the other. There was only one person from whom the Aus tralians could buy augur, and that was this mono polls tic Sugar Company. The Sngr Company therefore charged what It liked, and the fore'gn producer was pre vented from oompeemg. Then there was the coal industry of Australia. That was another monopoly. It did nob affeob Beechworth, but it was going to pile np the price for the cities and for tha manu facturers. Last year some of the boys In the mine asked for a little more money. The coal companies promptly looked them out, and then coal wont np to very nearly £2 a ton— and such coal, too. Coal which had been lying abont the surface for along time with dirt and stones. Everybody had to buy It or go wlthoub. The tobasoo Industry was another striking example of mo luuuHiice or monopoly. Tne tobacco monopolists oould charge what they Ufe-H for a ping. The meat trade only very narrowly escaped being oolbred quite reoently, and had that been done the moat serioua reanlts would have followed to the consumer. The farmers wonld have had to sell their fab stook, because they could not hold is too long. The wheat trade was very near being a monopoly ab the present lime. There was an arrange ment that wheat could only ba sold at a certain price in the town and at a oertaln price In the country. This might nob be a serious matter at the present time, but lb could easily become so in the event of certain conditions arising. The same with the leather trade. Tee whole of the skin and leather trade oonld be gathered up Into a huge monopoly, compelling everybody to pay what the manufacturers like for boots. For these reasons they wanted a olause inserted In the Commerce Act making It Impossible for snch a thing to take plaoe. The speaker proceeded to dsal with the " great Bent party." They could now see who belonged to them. (Laughter.) They had man in the Bent party to-day who a few months ago were saying all fchev conld acrafnat" ( A \ m- — -o— — «- UJ.1T. Bant took all the oredtt for the three prosperous ssasonB they had enjoyed. Natara did nob geb a particle of credit for It. The Bent Government had created mora responsible boards and created more fat billets since they got into power, bhat it cost e bout one-third more bo oarry on the Government. The Bent Govern ment's eoonomies were moat extrava gant sources of waste. And these were ihe great reform party which swept the country from the Murray to the sea. (Applause.) The question of immigra tion was next touched npon. Tha "Age" ond "Argus" eald the Labor party was resisting lb to ensnre good billets for them selves. They were all glad to welcome any Immigrants, provided they were white and were willing to conform to Australian usages. They objeoted, however, to im migrants coming here when they had large numbers of people who had not ground to vrorKe iney nacl Dot land enough to nxsot the needs of their own people, and yet the Government proposed to reserve every other block for Immigrants. "Whilst that was so they woald not accept people from the old country, whether they were bro thers or not. (Cheers.) Passing on to de?l with the efforts of the Press to de stroy His Majesty's Opposition ab the last elections, the speaker declared a strong Opposition to beneosssary la the interests of good Government, The Labor Party was unrelenting, and conld not be bought by sears In the Government. (Applause.) Mr. Prendergasb and his followers wonld fight all the wild-cat schemes whloh the Bent Government Introduced. The speaker mentioned as an Instance of Bent jobbery that the Government recently invited people to purchase lnd for resi dences beyond a pertain radius, with the pronilse that they conld have a free first olasB rail way pass forlOyeara. This jobbing was exposed by the Labor party. The Labor party were oharged with being opposed to the bnbter bonus, bnt they only objected to the bonus going Into the pookeb of the middleman In town with the brass plate on his door. It was shown that these men took the farmer down reoently, but they were not proseonted, and were fobbing them as mnoh as ever to-day. (Applause.) The farmers were taken in by the Farmers' Leagues, who had a lot of hangers-on to make big a«m- missions. They relied on their news papers, too, bnt they wouldn't trust the Labor party. The Bent Ministry were the blograph Ministry— (laughter)— and the speaker gave a list of Ministers who were passed ont of the Bent-Irvine Go vernments, several lgnomlnlonsly. There wae hardly two of the original crowd left. If the present Government were to brln" In a Land Aot It fvould be In the Interest of the fat landowner; and If they brought in a fresh Faotory Aot, lb would nob be In ohe lnteresb of the workers. The Labor party were the only party who would bring In a land policy which wonld benefit ohe rarmer Instead of the owner. If the conditions of life were satisfactory there would not be any need to Invite Immi grants. They would flock here. The Labor party were nob selfish ; but they did not want English Immigrants here until their own people gob all they wanted. (Applause,) A collection wae taken ui at thin stage, Senator FINDLEY then addresssd tbe meeting. Having gone over Indl In con nection with the election of Mr. Tnrnbnll he was convinced that Indl was intensely democratic. And although they were not successful on that occasion, they were convinced that the constituency would eventually belong to the Labor party. They were defeated, bnb tbe Labor party conld not be defeated, for it was eternal, because It was based on tha principles of trath and humanity. Most dastardly thlogs were Bald of the Labor party. They were said to ba Socialists, and that If they got a Socialistic regime they would have a whack- np every Saturday night, and thab some of them wonld be too lazy to come np and have lb. (Laughter and "i/iiwuoo.; hb wisnea to speaK or the land question. The land was the source of all wealth. All their means of living depended on the land. Whoever, In tbe words of Ssddon, held the land, held the destines of the people in the hollow of his hand. Twenty-six millions of the eighty odd millions of land In Australia had been disposed of by the Government of Anstralia for £1. The unimproved values of this land had Increased to £130,000,000. .People said land should not be taxed. It was dlf- ferent to every other form of property. Bnb this showed they did not understand the land question. Land wan fn ail tho people for all time. Four millions of acre? In the rich western district was held by 60 persons. Three or fonr millions of money had been spent In a railway for 40 land-owners. No wonder soma of their railways' did not pay. The white man gave the black men notice bo quit fifty years ago, because they were not patting Victorian lands to their bast nse ; and yet these very white people were doing the very thing which they tamed the blaokfellows out for not doing. (Applause.) The speaker gave a number of statistics to show thab Immense monopolies la land existed, and also showing that the Ylotorlan land monopolists were nob cultivating suoh land. The Imposition of a land tax cheapened land, and dear land was not a good thing. Farmers were crying out be cause land was too dear to bay. With the Imposition of a land tax In New Sonth Wales land to-day was much more accessible. It was said by the dally papers thab farmers were crossing the border to take np land. Under the Labor Party system, the land wonld be taxed, bnb the farmer's Income tax wonld be knocked off. Improvements wonld ba exempt. Thus a farmer with 1250 aores of land would ba taxed at Id-, or abonb C9 And fA.dat A. » I.m_. — — 1 tuuior, paying an Income tax on £157, paid £2. The polloy which the Labor Patty advocated was Identical with that lu existence in New Zetland ; and the speaker quoted statis tics to show thab New Zealand was mnoh more prospsrons than Victoria, and thab estates in New Zealand had been generally reduced as a result of this legislation. He also3tated that land values lnNew Zealand had gons up by £47,000,000 alace the Im- position of a New Zealand laud tax. All publlo expenditure enhanoed the value of land. Mr. Flndley w.-rib on to institute a comparison between Denmark and Vic toria, much to the advantage of tho former, a circumstance whloh was due to the faob that the Danish Government had oarried ont the very policy whloh the Victorian Labor Party wae denonnoed for pro posing. He appealed to the yonng women, if they wanted to have a ohance In the marriage markeb, to cease supporting a Government whloh favored a policy that took the marriage able men from the State. The speaker went on to denounce tha want of ventila tion of mines and the trlbntlng system. If their mission had the effeot of strengthening their existing branches, and of oreatincr nnv nnan iihao wnnlrl Ua pleased. Bnt they wonld not be oanght napping as at the last election, (Ap- planes.) There were hnndreds off the ratepayers' roll in the Ovens, and an Im mensely larger nnmber off the general roll. He predicted a Labor Government In power within a decade in Yiotorla. (Applause.) A vote of thanks was accorded the epsakers on the motion of Mr. DENIER, and oarried by aoolamablon. 