NEWS OF THE DAY- j . MR. W C. SIMMONS. The many friends of Mr Simmons, the respected Warden of Richmond, will be pleased to learn that he has recovered from the sudden attack of illness with which he was seized on Boxing Day at Campania FEDERAL ST VTISTICS In the report just made by the Federal Statist (Mr 0 11 Knibbs) to the Minis (or for Home Affairs (Senator J H Keat- ing on the work done in the Commonwealth Bureau of Census and Statist' since its inception, the following matters of public interest are adverted to -The report of the Conference of Statisticians in December last year, and published by the Federal Statist, has now been adopted by the State Governments. Thin adop- tion of its recommendations has made it possible during (the coming you to use identical forms for the collection of statistical infor watton These have been cut out from the Commonwealth Statistical Bureau to the State statisticians It may be mentioned that the State Premiers have very cordially supported the effort to unify the statistics of the Commonwealth, and from the Kt January. 1908, there will be a rail unification of statistical method, which, though not complete, will, it is hoped, become yearly more co Besides the annual trade c ruins and the shipping and migration returns published by the Commonwealth Bureau (in which it may be wild consider able progress has been effected) nine bulletins have been issued, and the tenth is going through the press at the present time Correspondence shows that they also highly appl created in commet coal nines, and by means of these the trail- ing public hall at once a Iii go amount of important commer cul information ALL civilised communities recognise the impor- tent of vital statistics, and the Minister, in order to bring about uni formerly of classification therein, authorised the publication of a translation by the idea of Statist of the Bel Ellon Noec logical Classification Index, and this has been widely distributed throughout Australia. The Minister also authorised the I arbitration of a lecture given by Mr Knibbs at the Victorian branch of the British Medical Association on the classification of diseases In this connection it may be mentioned that Mr. Knibbs has been made an honorary member of the Medical Congress in 1908. at which it is hoped the matter will be further considered Three bulk tins of population and vital statistics line been issued, and the fourth is going through the press at the present time, as is also trade bulle- tin No 10 and a production bulletin, which will be one of the most important issues from the Bureau Rapid progress is being made with the Year Book, which if the States punctually supply the information required, will appeal in February next BRITISH UNDER THE FLAG Dr Arthur on behalf of the Iron station League of Australia, has written a letter to every daily paper in the United Kingdom pointing out the leakage of population from the British Isles to places outside the Dinpnc, and the fire par able loss that is being occasioned by this dunn The world Powers of the future will be those that have the largest number of people and unless some attempt is made to conserve these oil plants the British Empire will fill behind in the race. The writer states that Australia and New Zealand are prepared to receive thousands, of these emigrants and settle them on the land and an ap pe it is made to all who are concerned with the future itself also of the Empire to assist the Immigration League of Austria lost in seeking to keep these people under the flag A MERCANTILE CASE An action which was interesting to men Manilla men and owners of vessels was concluded on Monday in the Banco Court Sydney, before the Chief Justice and a jury of four He may Markwald, merchant sued William P Putt, master of the steamer Ardgowan, to recover compensation for the loss of 300 drums of calcium carbide, which the defendant had thrown overboard on the voyage, as he considered the chemical a danger to the crew and vessel The main question was whether the defendant had acted reasonably under the circumstances, and the Chief Justice in summing up, told the jury that a captain's first responsibility was the safety of his crew and ship but if they thought he was not justified in taking the course he did plaintiff was entitled to recover The result was in favour of the plaintiff, who obtained a verdict for £249 15s 6d MILITARY SUPERANNUATION It is confidently expected amongst military men says the "Age") that when the rodeo al Government's defence schemes, are more fully matured in their relation to the calibre of the future members of the permanent staffs, provision will be made for a military superannuation fund, to which both the Commonwealth taxpayer and the officers benefited will contribute If is known that the Prime Minister and Mr Ewing are in favour of the establishment of a superannuation fund, in order that the present system of retaining old and middle-aged effort on the permanent staffs simply because thou- dismissal would mean financial ruin may be discontinued, and encourage- ment given to the pick of Australian manhood to adopt a military career. The constitutional financial bonds which cripple the activities of the national Parlement have alone prevented earlier action As soon as the financial relations of States and Commonwealth are settled, as they must be within the next two years, the Commonwealth Parliament will be advised to do justice to the military men whom it proposes to shelve or delegate to an advisory capacity., at the age of 45, FRUIT INSPECTION. The Senior Inspector of Fruit for Victoria (Mr G J, Turner) has returned to Melbourne from Albury, where he had been on a visit in order to report on certain suggestions for facilitating the inspection of fruit crossing the Murray at this place, in the interests of both New South Wales and Victoria It is posed to erect a large fumigating is the use by both State, and to ar- range that one inspector shall do the work. The inspector's report has been forwarded by Mr Swinburne to the New South Wales Minister of Agriculture with a view to joint action CODIFICATION OF LAW One of the ambitions of the Federal Attorney-General (Mr Groom) is that while he is in office he may succeed in codifying the existing State In va on a variety of subjects of vital importance to the Commonwealth. The laws relating to marine insurance he has brought together into a federal bill, which has already been presented to the House of Re- presentative, The codification of the laws relating to companies is also completed, and ready to be dealt with while Mr Groom is at work on a codification of the bankruptcy laws of the various States with the object of obtaining uniform legislation on the subject control in these matters is expressly given to the Federal Government in the constitu- tion, and every Federal Attorney General has cherished the hope of accomplishing the work undertaken by Mr Groom HOLIDAY'S SU) ENDING The death of Charles Size, a lad of 37 years, formed the subject of a colonial inquiry at the hospital on Saturday morning, Mr Thomas Bennison sitting as Coroner, with a jury of seven The witnesses told of how the boy had met his death while with his father and friends at Prince of Wales's Bay for an outing on Boxing Day When he had finished his lunch he left the others, and went along the river bank A companion, Wilfred Boucher, became surprised at his long absence, and went in search of me friend He came upon his clothes upon the river bank, but found no trace of the missing boy The alarm was given the water in the vicinity peal ched and at last the body was found in a depth of about 3ft and brought ashore for two hours and a half his father and Inenilh endeavoured to consecrate the lad, but without avail, and when Doctor resulted as lived he pronounced life ex- tinct The lad could not swim, and the bottom of the liver showed out very suddenly at this spot The jury returned a verdict of accidental death JOCKEY'S FATAL ACCIDENT Our Launceston correspondent tele- graphed last night - W Lionel man, the jockey who was injured at Carrick races on Boxing Day while riding Zanoni in the Steeplechase died in the General Hospital to-night An inquest will be held " AUSTRALIAN FODDER FOR CHINA. ' Reference is made by Mr. Sinclair, the Victorian commercial agent at Singapore, in his latest report, to trial consignments of compressed fodder and butter, forwarded to the Indian military depot from Victoria. The consignment of fodder weighed 40 tons, and was divided up amongst different military stations to permit of tests being conducted. It cost £5 10s. per ton, landed at Calcutta, but the freight charge from Melbourne, Jil 15s. per ton, was excessive, as other consign, men is had been landed it at per ton. Mr. Sinclair said that he had gathered that the price of the fodder was regarded as being too high, but he had said That 21 per ton might be regarded as the freight on any future quantity required. Of the samples of tinned butter for army supplies sent to India, Mr. Sinclair was informed that two of the samples were in a very bad condition, and this had event of an unfavourable impression. Mr. Sinclair said that he explained that possibly two tins which had been exposed to the boat had in some way been included amongst (the samples, and that if the military department made any contract, the exporter could submit his consign- ment to an inspection by an Agricultural Department expert. He suggested in his v report that the exporters who sent two samples should forward another lot to Calcutta. THE AMERICAN FINANCIAL PANIC. Evidence of the far-reaching effect of the recent financial panic in the United I, States comes from China, for Mr. Levien, the Victorian commercial ngont,-stationed at Shanghai, in a report to the Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Swinburne), states that if is held responsible for the sudden fall in the price of silver there. This fall had caused a considerable decrease in (his P., volume of business, particularly in the ? export trade. The rate of exchange on a" fuel dropped in October from 3s. 9d. to 2s, Oil., which meant that, while at the Com- mencement of the month a merchant paid COS tools 60 cents for a £100 order from Victoria, a month later he paid 727 tries 22 cents. As a result, at the date of writing (November 1), import merchants were waiting for a more favourable rate of exchange; although, on the other hand, the rate was extremely favourable for exports, for goods could be landed in a gold country at about 12 percent, un- ? der the price of a month previously. Mr. Levien added (that the falling-off in business would probably extend over two months. DECEASED AND UNDRESSED DOLLS. Dolls undressed are, under the new tariff, dutiable at 10 per cent, less than, dolls that are clothed, and this difference has caused some friction between importers and Customs authorities. The latter have what many importers consider very loose views about dress, and they have wished to enlarge the higher duty upon imparted dolls which, is one merchant said, "wear any jolly thing." a large shipment of dolls for Christmas day tribution, which arrived in Mollxrarno recently revived the question as to what is the minimum amount of clothing a re- spect able doll must wear to be called dressed." These dolls each had on a piece of dressing which was, in the oval of the importer, merely a "bit," but, in the eyes of the Customs officers, a shirt. The difference in the duty which depend- ed upon the definition of this clothing meant (says the "Argus") a fairly large cheque upon a large consignment, and the importer argued eloquently that the articles worn by his dolls were not sufficient to entitle them to be called dressed." In this case the officials eventually gave way, and allowed the dolls to be admitted at the lower duty as "undrossed." WIRELESS TELEPHONES, The Danish wireless inventor, M. Valdemar Poulsen, is busily engaged in the completion at Lyngby, five miles from Copenhagen, of a wireless telephone station, which is to be connected with the wireless station at Esbjerg. "It is my fixed intention," he said to an interviewer the other day, ultimately to es- tablish a wireless telephone between England and Denmark (Esbjerg). I do not intend to hurry, however, although my system of wireless telephony has already proved fully successful over long distances. That is in consequence of our new and improved microphones (the instrument which magnifies tiny sounds) and other apparatus. But the public will not be able to telephone or telegraph by my wireless invention until every detail has been completed and stations have been established all over the world. While every day brings further progress and experience, we do not wish to begin wireless telegraphing and telephoning between Denmark and England or America until we are quite able, to compete with the present cables. My system of wireless telegraphy, by using 'undamped' waves, can now forward, M. Poulsen claimed, "at least seven times as many words as M. Marconi's system of sparks, and ray system otherwise is reliable and, safe." Gardner's Bay. - A correspondent informs us that a bush fire broke out on Friday at Gardner's Bay, supposed to be wilfully caused, which did some considerable damage. Twenty acres of scrub recently felled were burned. One person's loss is estimated at, £40, and another lost a raspberry bed. There is said to be some doubt as to the validity of some of the votes given for one candidate for the Welsh ward at the recent municipal election. There is only a difference of one between two candidates, so that it is possible that further inquiry may take place. City Police Court There were no. cases for disposal at the' City Police) Court, on. Saturday, > 