fta&OttiSME; LETTER. (From Our Special Correspondent.) ^?v - s\ The celebrations in honour of the visit i of America's 'Fighting Fleet' leave nothing ?i.io be desired, either in Melbourne or Syd rney; and 'we may depend upon it rivalry will run keenly between these two gi*eat cities of Australia. There are 'those who complain of the lavish display of good fel lowship, and ask what return Ave are to expect for our expenditure. The complaint is scarcely noticed, and no one can ade quately conjecture the ultimate value of this fiicndly international exchange of cour tesies. It is a new factor in the problem of maintaining the supremacy of the white race in the Southern seas; and it is yet 'another indication that the policy of a ''White Australia' is more than ah extra ' vaganfc ideal. One would not expect the \ Fleet festivities to appeal tcT the represen tatives of a local /'Peace Society'; nor ap ,parently does it appeal to the sanctimoni '- vous, -who 'would deprive'. the .cadets of an ', ? opportunity' of^ seeing this superb fleet, be ';'''__ cause tliey would, need to tiavel to Mel J~ -bourne from the country districts ' on a ' ', Sunday. The 'Holy Joes' in 'the Bent Cabi '. ' jiet, at the bidding of '.the* Chadbands and *? Pecksniffs and Uriah ITeepa outside of'Par 1-, liament, actually vetoed .the wish of the '', people that the cadets should be here for -the occasion. But the Premier was prompt \- , ,ly' reminded that he had trifled with pub 7 L lie opinion; whereupon the Phaii&ces; and their hypocritical humbug were put in their ^ proper place. 'The Pharisee,' we are per ' * tinently told, 'we have always with us, 1 „ but the Premier, . if he has no principles of his 6Vn, should at least be a better in terpreter .of public opinion.' There is every prospect of what the 'Americans style 'a biilly time' when the flotilla reaches Hob: son's Bay ; and all Melbourne and suburbs ' . -and country districts, from the legislator to the farm labourer, will be engaged in \- holiday making, and the festivities attend ~-'' ing a characteristic Australian welcome. *?? ??,..?*:? ? ? ?? . ?-; ~? It may be as doubtful as it is suggestive, but, the theory propounded in the American ' 'Jack Tar's guess as to the cause of the presence of the Fleet in the Pacific will, at least tend to confirm the generally prevail ing impression that its visit is not alto gether purposeless. There are, of course,' other reasons which might be submitted to \- account for the enterprise of Uncle Sam in undertaking the circumnavigation of the globe by practically the whole of his navy. President Roosevelt supplied one re cently when he said that the United States ' ' needs a navy, and it must be one capable of doing any kind of work that it may be . - wanted to do. To have a navy of that kind it is self-evident that something more .''than ships and men is necessary. America -,i . can btiild and equip warships with arma ' ments and men. ' She has seven battleships, two armoured cruisers, three scouts, eleven submarines, and five destroyers in the ' course of construction now. The sixteen battleships and one or two auxiliary ves , ' sels visiting Australia is only a part of the Fleet transferred from the Atlantic to the ?Pacific. 'When the whole of the vessels as semble ftt the Philippines there will be, in addition to -those coming to the Common wealth, two battleships', four monitors, ten assorted cruisers, twenty-seven protected cruisers, fifteen gunboats, fifteen destroyers, ~ ' fifteen torpedo boats, and two flotillas of submarines. Altogether the Fleet- will num ber, over one hundred vessels of war. But the power to construct and the possession of such a naval force do not cover the whole of the nation's requirements. What would it all be : worth without efficiency on the part of both officers and men in -,, ' navigation and warlike accomplishments? ? r , The answer furnishes another substantial reason why the Fleet has been despatched to that, part of the world where it may be 1 wanted some day. ' ' ' * * * _ --* * ''?' ? \Naval efficiency ean no more be acquired \- tlian any other, kind of ' efficiency by any thing short of .practical, experience', and per '? * ' ', sonal knowledge ' of' the' waters* \\\\\\[ which a ' ^Navyv may have to manoeuvre is 'not only ', ^ aV great advantage, but1' an aid to greater /efficiency. A navy whose, officers and mei? ' ^ 'have', .taken. ^the'ir, ships, .in to -and brought . ** *^thom' .out of-1 many v of tho,7harbours' of the *' : world and- .traversed., the' great 'tracks 'of * f,\\. ocean' tra'fiic, is likely ^tp be much more^-efflr ~,* 'cfent iif:the-i transaction of its special busi \- ,' ness than a nnvy/ bottled -*iu a harbour 'at -,\' home - and allowed out , 'only -_ at' intervals ''.^ .for 'short' cruises. at sea and visits to' 'ports ' 'with which it' is -well acquainted. -In addi \- «Y' tion id, the need of:e'xpcrtness lm the hand ''? i filing, of the 'vessels, from ^the leviathan bat -? '^'tleshipdown to the torpedo-boat and sub ' ' ^ marine, 'tlio- 'working, of, tluTgxins is of vital , v »r. 'in\pqrt'ance. Celerity of movement and ac ? ' ; curacy of aim arc indispensable in these '-' ~ days of quick and competitive firing. And v ' \ ;thcre~ must bo skill iu firing under the very ' \ , varied -conditions to which shooting at sen, , r ,is ''subject. The great cruise of tho groat ; ' - Fleet may, therefore, easily be accounted -'',rfor on the grounds of tho nood of the ' knowledge and proficiency -gain.xblo only _by '- . ' practical experience. And this explanation , becomes all tho more acceptable— and all /?- ' the more appreciable an answer to the pos sible objection that experience- might have *\ been gained at loss expense, without shift i% ~'y jn{- a whole navy from one ocean, to an other, and without nending it more than all the way on the long voyage round the. world — when it. is remembered that it wil i give Uncle Sam invaluable information, with regard to distances, time, - and necessary ' sxipplies for any and all the stages of the journey for jeach kind of' vessel and for , the whole Fleet. Much in this way is ' doubtless computable without the assist ance of the records of the voyage. But the records of actual worlc-^and consumption are more valuable and serviceable than mere estimates: and as far as this makes for naval efficiency, when her navy com pletes its historic trip the United States will have a more complete guide book on hand for emergency than any other nation. ? * « * * Still, rational and practical though this view may be, it doe3 not seem to account for everything. It may be merely inciden tal, or it may be the result of calm calcula tion-~and deliberate action, that the whole Fleet will be at Manila, when the treaty between America and Japan now govern ing their relationship in the matter of im migration' expires, and when a new '.one' may be drawn, up and signed. There is also the possibility that a new treaty, per fectly satisfactory to both nations, might have been agreed to if America had, not a single vessel of war in the Pacific. By all that we hear of the desire and intention of the advisers of the Mikado with regard to Japanese migration, a miitually agreeable treaty under such conditions should be not only possible, but probable.* Yet the fact is, whatever speculative thoxxght based upon circulating acedxmts of Japan's1 desire, to keep her people at home may be permis sible, the Fleet is timed to be at- the Philip pines when she may be negotiating with America over a new immigration treaty.' So, much might be inferred from the sailor's casxxal remark: 'Yoxi will be able to drop ^vhy we are here.' But time and events will ^doubtless be more 'enlightening. In 'the, meanwhile' we may be interested iiv the fraternising of the American and 'British navies in' Australian .waters, in 'remembering' for.the timc.tobcing' that Japan is /Britain's ally,' 'aiub-that Admiral Sperry doxibtless spoke for the United States when he said at Auckland that no enemy , would 'be al ,lo\ved to/ reach the shores of New' Zealand while the -American Navy is -afloat. ^ We know that tho Mother' '.Country ' has the same, assurance for xis, btxt ? the knowledge that Ave have such .good' fHends,' slioujld sei've to increase rather ^than decrease our determination not to. neglect our obligations to them or our duty to ourselves. .There is happily no caxxsc for fear .that oxir sense, of security may lead us to -ovxa^lpok the certainty of ? the incalculable^ elements of danger. On the contrary,., xhc- visit of the1 American Fleet will probably^ quicken oxir desire to do what' we 'can1 for oxirselves. . ? * ?'.'''* - # Tho Slate. Premier is incensed at the fnil nrc of tho Government to carry the, second reading of the Land Valuation Bill, and profoswes bitter disappointment at the de termination of Parliament to postpone its further consideration xintil after the three week's vacation. Yet there is no reason why legislators should bo in any hurry to pass sxxch a measure without the most ex hau&'tive consideration. Avowedly, the bill is designed as part of a broad scheme of land taxation which may, or may not, em brace Labour-Socialistic condscatory pro posals; while nothing that Ministers have said in explanation can remove the uneasy feeling, both inside and outside of Parlia ment, that the measure originated in ih &inceritjr;, and has been framed merely as a matter of political or party exigency. The fact that twenty-five members of the. Coxm try Party are unanimous in its condemna tion, as opposed to the best interests of the rxxral districts, and the State as a whole, gives reason for paxise; and even if that reason carried no conviction, the fact that, the s'o:called Labour Opposition has accep ted the bill without comment or criticism nrnst inevitably excite sxispicion. Coxxntry members have, during the second reading debate, pxit forward an abundance of argxi ment against this '?machinery bill,' and they have shown, in marked contrast, with the Ministerial efforts, that by no known administrative means could it be made to sxibserve the ends for which it is to be passed. We are entitled to ask — For what scheme of land taxation is this valuation '?'machinery' bill to operate? , And what are to be the incidence' and 'extent of the land taxation scheme which ? is for the nonce left conveniently in the clouds? Are we to accept .this valuation 'Doomsday Book' bill, as we take oxir faith, on trxi&t;, believing that the subseqxient taxation mea sxire will, in the wisdom of the Govern ment, nieot .'with practically no objection, 'cither as' regards, its , principles or details ? And there are -a score of other questions which will occxir to the rural land owner who has for long been, perplexed by repeat ed 'socialist schemes of confiscation, and land nationalisation, and -such like. Fur thermore, it was qxiite open to the Premier, if he chose, and. as Mr. Watt pertinently remarked, to show his sincerity by pressing a division on the second reading in the manner .. provided by the Standing Orders. But Sii*. Thomas Bent preferred the atti tude of the injured innocent to that o'f the masterful Minister who believes* in the jus tice o'f_his measure. It is to~bc feared that' the L~and Valuation Bill will share the fate of the earlier Western District Bill, and we hazard the view that none will lament its disappearance from the notice paper less than Sir' Thomas Bent, and his Cabinet colleagues, amongst whom there is no una nimity as^ to its principles and details. ? * » ♦_ ?', * _ -. Fiscal controversy in England has evi' dontly ' excited mtfre than the 'Customary amount -of popular reflection, m spite of the prejudice with- which all new fiscal theories are received.; ''And. it ,is contro versy in which Australians are scarcely less interested — that is to *say, so far as xilti mate results are concerned. Living on hope and believing in the ' triumph of a fiscal caxise at some incalcxxlable period' of the' future may be easy enougn for people who either enjoy assured' incomes or are not dependent for their incomes on the common or. garden varioty of industries',upon which most people must rely for the means tc live. -And as in all probability most of tho delegates- present at the International Freetradc Congress in London- belong to one of the two first-named classes of the popu lations of their respective .countries, it is not difficult to understand that they might be able to find more or, less mutual en couragement in fraternising over their fis cal creed and joining together to hold up the freetrade banner. It is conceivable that the competition of tho products of the indxistries of other countries in Britain's lome 'markets does not matter much to Lord Welby, Mr. Churchill, or Mr. Asquith. But the extent and nature of that competi tion and the length of the country's list of unemployed and persons dependent upon some form of relief for a living may be in- ?_/.'? stanced as evidence that it is a matter of immediate concern to a very large number of their fellow coxintrymen. And for proof of the practical character of the interest many Britons are now taking in it we might turn to the results of the bye-elecr tions, which continue to count against the policy that the prominent speakers quoted say will triumph somewhere in the dim and ' ' distant fxiture. Lord Welby appears .to v^.: , have been more candid than Mr. Asquith or Mr. Churchill, for he admitted that free trade is under a cloxxd throughout the world - ?_'' and tluifc protection is advancing. *-* ♦ # -* ,,-*?*- Ib was perhaps appropriate' .that the Prime 'Minister, and the President'- of tlie , * Board of Trade in^-a freetrade Ministry'- -' , s shoxxld repeat at. a congress' held under the ' - auspices 'of the Cobden Club the prediction of the founder of their policy. Yet -it is -- notable that after -Irio're than - half-a-cen- - * tury's experience' of the working of that policy they were a trifle' less'- confident . .', , abbxit. its ..prospects - than Cobden' was.' He ' ' said that it woxild be as rational' to doubt, the rising of tb:morrow's sun as to doxibt ? „ that the other nations- would follow Bri- - _? tain's lead -for 'freetrade.. But -his disciples , of ivhe present time 'are faced with 'the fact - '? . that 'no' other-' nation of any.-' importance ''' has a freetrade policy, whilet all the-, great - ( ' and growing nations of the' world, apart - - r' from Britain, have protection/ At the same time there is also - the awkward ac currence in Britain itself of a revolt against freetrade,. and a movemeirt in the direction of protection and' preference. Under such depressing circumstances ,it. may be frankly conceded that the qualified optimism of the Prime Minister and his colleague is admir able, eAren though it may be impracticable. As to the latter aspect of it, nothing more need be said by anybody than what the President of the Board of Trade sxibmitted as the freetrade millennium to which ad herents of the cause are looking forward. Mr. Churchill may fairly claim the palm ?for a venturesome and picturesqxxe defini tion of the freetrade ideal as a. world that is to be a co-operative commonwealth. And in-the light of Britain's own -history since the inauguration of her -freetrade system, his ingenious- claim that -the policy is one for which peace ,is a synonym merits the distinction of originality scarcely less than it does that of audacity. * » , * * . # The congress itself and the speeches with which it was opened are suggestive of spe cial effort on the part of the_ Cobden Club to stem the tide of practical fiscalism'now rising' and threatening to overwhelm the theories with which the people of the old country have for too 'long been ? content. Mr. Asquith turned to the United States as an example of freetrade, but omitted to point out that America's internal freetrade is preserved for Americans by protection against all other countries. Britain shares her home freetrade with all the countries of the world, and receives no similar conces sion from any one of them. They do not favour her as she favours them, and yet her generosity to them enables them to make inroads upon the sources of the wealth she needs to maintain armed forces on land and at sea for her defence against their pos sible armed aggression. The price of peace under freetrade to Britain is greater army and navy expenditure: 'Her costly armed forces represent her -bargaining' power, whilst theirs is a bargaining power of 'arms plus fiscal power to bargain. Mr. Asquith repeated Mr. Churchill's delusion that free trade means peace. Britain has had far more war since she adopted her present fiscal policy than she had for' a long time before it. And her only alternative now to submission to ''whatever fiscal terms other , nations choose to impose xipon her is war. Mr. Asqui th's proposition that the mother country must rely upon foreigners for food for her people and raw . material will not stand against the constantly growing pro ductive capacity of the over-sea Dominions to yield her all she needs. But even if it ? woxild, what could bo raid for a policy that _ .leaves her dependent for food and manufac turing material upon those who are always her rivals, and may be. at war with her at any time? Mr. Asquith's comfortable doc crine that, although, he admits, foreign tar iffs injure British trade, the best way to fight them is by giving their goods free access to the British markets is akin to tho suicidal theory ,,that the best way %to meet the growing armaments .of -foreign, powers is ' by' disarmament. International protection, which Mr. Asquith says .is impossible, .al ready exists. Neither he nor Sir. Churchill can say, when their ideal; of international freetrade may bo expected. When the Bri- — tish Empire wants1 is the mother- country with a ' fiscal' policy akin' to -that of. its' - other -divisions, and preferential trade Viith , her 'and amongst' 1_li«»insolves. - A policy of that' kind is prticlicnble-'nud attainable,' but freetraders not., '-' . - - The Danish expedition, under 'Mr. Mylius Erichseiij which set out in 1906, to explore the cast coast of Greenland, has succeeded in its object, but has Jos't its leader. After several months news has been received from the partj'. They report that Mr..Erichsen ' and two companions ' were carried out* to sea on an ice floe, and all perished. The expedition, had succeeded in charting .? the whole of tbe^coast of North-Eastern Green land.' ? ' ??' — x ~ ? .. ' - ' 