America and the Future. An American armada parading dis tant seas is a portent of progress, a picturesque sign that the world is still spinning down the ringing grooves of change. Certainly it is by no means the first time the Americans havo sent a squadron far abroad. Not to mention . the naval side of the revolution, it is over a century since the young nation, stung by the depredations of the Barbary. pirates upon its commerce, despatch ed its frigates and schooners— -'with a band of Christian dogs, fierce and cruel as . the tiger, who killed- our brothers and burnt o\ir ships before our eyes,' as the Moors said— to dic tate: respect to the new flag at .Tunis, Algiers, and Tripoli. Again, under circumstances that suggest an interesting parallel with those of the present time, Perry took his squadron (three 'steam-frigates,' three sloops, and two store-ships) into Yokohama Harbor, fifty-five years ago, and arranged a commer cial treaty 'with the awed Japanese^ The ' ileet of. to-day, however, .is charged with no mission of revenge or exaction. 'Its 'purpose is- peaceful,, thought only immediately so ; tho real object of its voyage being in effect to make a declaration to the nations that the United States is a naval. Power in the modern sense of the ,words.; Once more history re peats itself. The first American naval flag,- which Paul Jones broke put, bore - a rattlesnake and the legend 'Don't, tread oh me!' In another form the fleet - represents the same warning. And much more. It is an illustration.^ of the new course along which the greater affairs- of the' world 'are shaping. Since the Civil War, at least, perhaps ? since the revolu tion, the United States has been con tent with a subsidiary place navally. The beginning of this century, which witnessed the -dreadful . revival of _Japan among the leading military 'Powers, sees also that America, discarding the Quakerishness, the self- sufficiency, and the external in difference which Washington prescrib ed for it,'has: uprisen as a nation equipped and 'willing to appeal ,to the court of force if necessary. In thus impressively claiming its 'place in the sun' the United States gives the world something to think about. Here is a nation which be^ gan as a handful of colonists— 'a people rude in peace and rough in war,' as history grimly testifies— but 'has expanded its territory, sub dues' the desert- and grown to enor mous numbers with such unprecedent ed rapidity that to-day it outstrips in population, wealth, and many opther essentials ^to national great ness, peoples' who have been centuries upon centuries in the making. These latter, moreover, it attracts . so 'powerfully that in the year that closed last June it receiyed'l,285,'000 immigrants, virtually all from Europe. In short the United States, with its 85,000,000 of people, its energy and energising influences, and its ..continuous growth,' is a historical fact of epochal significance. It com pels not only attention to what it. is, but reflection as to what it is to be, what -it means, intrinsically arid typically to the future. And that America is typical the most reluct ant prophet may admit without re serve. The trujh.it stamps .indelibly in is that the future of the white world is with, tho yOung- countries. .\s' the seat of empire passed from Egypt and Greece and Rome to northern Europe and the 'inviolate isles, '.so it must eventually pass to that other sphere represented by the Americas, Australia, and ' Africa. There to remain, since the world is charted now, and mankind at* last ?' knows its geographical limits. In these countries alone is there room for expansion under, conditions that will let .the . white man live and work and multiply. And what space and opportunities they afford ! If the United States can accommodate 85,000,000 pcopJLe, and go on finding room for more, what limit shall bo set on the possible population of Australia ? Canada and South Africa fairly gape for immigrants ; and in some . of . the roomy South American, republics there is growing up- a now European civilisation ? which increasingly threatens to dis place and replace the racial type that has resulted there from long admixture . of Latins and Indians. And 'in now 'countries transplanted peoples develop more robust ideals than they .worked toward at home. Not finer; for history has yet to show better aspirations than those which actuated the Germans when they founded - representative govern ment and* beat back the Romans, or the English when ' they revolted against monarchical ' tyranny for human equality and exacted Magna. Charta. But the physical spacious ness of the new land induces poli tical emulation,, demands, greater in dividual freedom, instils a more in sistent spirit of individual initiative. That colonial conditions . produce bodily expansion is demonstrable, and that they have a similar effect mentally vmay be ? said- with confi dence^ It' will be very long, no dqubt, before mankind 'ceases to look to the Old World, for its refining in fluences, the inspiration of high in tellectual development, and. a lead in virtually all the. things of the mind. But in the future the new will be the world of the strong arm. The New World, as far as can be foreseen, will need more than its own strength since it will feel tho impact of that older than the old, the awakened East. To it the color ed peoples will look enviously, ob serving, its unfilled spaces, its con genial tropical regions, the opportun ities it offers for racial expansion and relief ffom home 'congestion. The younger countries must long rely# up on their racial parents to protect them against that danger, as' Aus tralia now rather weakly relies on Great ; Britain. But it is in this re gard that America is hopefully en couraging. What national type may ultimately be evolved' there is a mat ter of pure conjecture. Immigrants of all races, have for 'many years been pouring into the country al most, unheeded ._ Even under the checks which have been imposed late ly, 62!) ,000 people were admitted' to the country from Austria-Hungary, the Balkans, Russia, Finland, and Turkey last year. But what a con glomerate is the Britisher, the, pro duct of a racial fusion that has been going on since . history began, and that still proceeds ! The men of 'the days when- Bess ruled England, and England ruled the sea,' would have found it.- hard to say whether they were German, Danish, French, or British by original extraction. The American will represent the same mixture-process, only more notice ably. The same with all other new countries ; each is. only too glad to blend at the benefit of an increase of sturdy, productive citizens. What the outcome will be is 'for the future to show. We may see, as an American writer has said, chaos resulting from 'intellectual anarchy,' or 'a race of incomparably tough fibre and large faculties.' As the one result or the other accrues, the coming 'colonial' race will rule the . world or serve colored masters. In the meantime America is the colonial's big brother. The Americans know, as Europeans cannot, the difficulties of young countryism, the labors that arc incidental to expansion, the de lights and disadvantages of pioneer ing — above all the peril of mixing the colors. And they stand on the Paci fic as we do — a fact of tremendous, vital Australian significance. 'Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you' is a good sane' maxim, but it is comforting . to know, and a fact of -potentially profound bearing on our future as well as theirs, that the Americans are ready to bear their part 'in the world's broad field of battle' and help to shape new national destinies. — 'Daily Tele graph.' 