General Cables. — A Turkish steamer, colliding w-ith, sank/ the ferry steamer Stamboul out- i side the port of Smyrna. Of those on board at the time, 140 person's Avere drowned. . ; i , ; \ j-i j "The Times" eulogises Mr. Ewing's Defence Bill and holdfe that compul sory training is the best safeguard against/ . compulsory service. "The Australian ! people are the first com munity in the Empire to grapple seri- ously( Avith the duty of -mili'tary train ing on a national scale," says "The Times," '' . , / The "Daily . Graphic" denounces the Australian Commonwealth's general scheme of defence as_ hopelessly inade quate, Siiice? it altogether ignores, the lai-ger problem of the defence of the. Empire. , . ; ( President RooseArelt, Avhile thanking Mr. Deakin- for . his message" and invi tation to A'isit Australia, has intima ted that it will not be Possible for hiin to make the visit. By 34 votes to 19, the Corporation of the Cltyof Glasgow 'decided t6 pe-x tition the' Groyeminent in favor of the- English Ocensing Bill. ; Mr. Henniker-' Heaton, M.P., -is urg ing the Prime Minister to sanction universal pemiy postage. Oapithllsts would,- he states, rclieAre the Treasury of all responsibility, in initiating the refnr-m- Treinendous mails inaugurated the Anglo American penny postage, upon October 1. Wiuborn aud Vauliam ha'o been com milted for trial in Eon-don for threat ening to muder Mr. J. B. Joel, the Ayell-known sportsman, unless they were paid £500. Seventy-srx Indians lia\re been ar rested at Komatiepoort, on tWe Trans'- vaal -Portuguese frontier, as prohibit ed immigrants./ Out of 3.75 /unskilled unemployed whites now. employed in the Johannes burg mines, 100 have been promoted to permanent employment. ; The British cruiser Gladiator, Avhicb sank after-;- a collision off the Isle of Bight, in April last, has been floated althbugh the pumps are still inade quate to, cope with the water amid- ships. ' There is a growing .feeling of un easiness/ im Constantinople and' St. Petersburg that Bulgaria will shortly declare her - independence, , an-d, with Austria, "set. the -Balkans-, ablaze." The French -Minister -for Foreign Af fairs has protested against Bulgari s a occupation of the -. Oriental railway. Bulgaria has decided not to modiiv her standpoint -AA'ith regard to tho railway, and to insist upon- ai recogni tion of ; the diplomatic character of her representative .at Constantinople. Henry Hess, editor of the ' ' Critic," . has been1 prosecuted for misappropri ating money en-trusted to him, for spe culation (£10,000) from various per- ., sons, also for perjury while under, ex amination in" the bankruptcy court. Hie temperature was 80 ideg. Fahr. in the shade' in Londoq -on Thursday. Several deaths occurred- through the heat. ; , , . After, a week's contest a/t roulette betA\Teen Sir Hiram Maxim and Lord Rosslyn, designed to test Rosslyn's- xnl'allible system for breaking the bank at Monte Carlo, Lord .Rosslyn admitted 'defeat. .fTh-e contestants' stakes Avere only counters. - - AVhile forty-thr«> cattle -drivers Avere before the magis&ate; at Emiistymon, County Glare, the crowd outside ston ed the court" house. The .police dis persed and. batoned many. The 1 Danish Farmers' Association has decided to liquidate .in- consequ ence of the frauds of the Danish Min ister, Mr. Alberti. . , . The ' 'London Mail' ' states that the . CAWUWVC ui tuj' oarurouiu uiJentiivcb Union in Lancashire have, unanimous ly decided ' against - taking a seco id ballot on the proposal' of the "em ployers for a reduction "in- wages.-- ' - The cholera , outbreak at St. Petei's- \- burg is steadily decreasing. The death is announced of Ibrahim Pasha, Avho Avas one of the most notor ious Kurdish leaders in Turkey. it is reported- that King, Menelik of A-byssina is', suffering from- paralysis ot his xigUt side. Owing ao the remarkable entente there is some talk of an> alliance be tween Tui-key and Greece. A striking demonstration in its /avor took place in Constantinople. Signoi\ Tottoni, tlie Italian -Minis- . tor ioiv Foreign Affairs, trusting to t-lie new Constitutional regime m Tur key, has decided that the engagement ol tire- Italian gendarmerie - officers mv Alacedoma shall not be renewed. 'Hie Undei-Secretai'y for the Coloni al Oflice, Colonel Seeley, speaking at Liverpool, said that if any commun ity requires cheap Asiatic labor, tkcr. the laborers must have the rights of . citizensliiPi Of the three deserters from the French Foreign Legion at Casablanca,., in Morocco, AV-hose arrest, avith three deserters of other nationalities, led to the recent - incident between Ger many and France, .information uoav to hand shows that two Avere deserters Irom the German Army, and the third left Germany to avoid military ser vice. - Kali Charanmukerjec, . an Indian! bomb maker, Avho. Avas found guilty at Ah gam of Avritin-g letters threat ening to kill the Viceroy (the Earl of Minto) and Mr. AdamSon, a magistrate who avu s concerned m the "punishment of -some of- the natives, in the event. ol tlic adoption of anti-sedition- laws, has been sentenced to nine months' imprisonment, and was also fined 300 rupees <£20). A strike has occurred on the Pans-. .. . I.vons-M;editerranean railway owing to the dismissal of the convenors of a meeting of railway men which re- solved to desert or refuse to serve m Avar time, to oppose the transport ol troops to the frontier an war time, and to favour general strikes in peace time. Mr. L. 'V. Harcourt, First Commis sioner of Borks, -declares that- /there is not a shadow of foundation for the alarm that the Government would' leave jGSreat Britain defenceless-. He | adds that- . Britain's relations Avith I Germanv, whether commercial, coIonL- al, political,' or dynastic, haA-e ncA-er been on a firmer or more friendlx looting than- they are to-day. News from Teheran states that the Shah has issued a rescript winch indi rectly repeals the Persian Constitu tion -as being against the nature of the country,- and -he instructs the Grand Vizier to convoke a pious Mai- liss (National Assembly) Avhich will be capable, of fully dispensing Roy-al justice. \TEe.rescript deprives the re- irolutionai-A- cl(v ui Tabriz of tire right of .participation in the new Assembly | before an irresistible Royal force has 1 destroyed the rebels. The Shah's ban- / dit horsemen outside Tabriz,- stole the Russian mails- and rob-becTthe Cossack escort of their arms. ' ; It is expected that - Holland Avill blockade the Venezuelan ports of La Guaira and Mavaciabo; early, in \No- vember./ . ; \ ) q | j j,- President RooseA-lt';" in addressing the Tuberculosis Conference at AVash- ington, said that no gathering was fraught ,-with greater hbpe for5 the wel- fare of .the world at iarge. ' :.J?he Under-Secretary to the Coloni al Office, Colonel. "Seely, -speaking at Liverpool; said Ave are' -clraAVing very near to a better stem in the govern ment of the Empire. He predicted the establishment of a great Council of the Empire to discuss the Asiatic im: migi-ation question. The cruiser Gladiator has been tow-, ed to Portsmouth. - The conference of , the International association for Labor legislation at Lucerne1 has advised legislation for the suppression of sweating in connection with home-work, and suggested that the Avorking of the wages boards should be earefully Avatched. The Democrats (Bryan's- Party) ac cuse wcll-knoAvn Republicans, including relations of; Mr.. TafE and President JRoosevelt, of, being interested in a syndicate which purchased for 2,500,- 00Q dollars the Panama Company's stocks - and -bonds? knoAving - that the United States , Government would -pur- chase them , at 40,000,000 dollars. \ M.v. Asquith, addressing a meeting of 4000 at Carlstohe, said the ol-a age pension- question avas- only part of the wider and more complex social jHDuicui ui liuvv tu xui me giu.t- dng anomalies of modern socialism, and . also of stimulating and- not stif ling individual energy an-d initiative. The Government was co'mpelled by the exigencies of political machinery to proceed piecemeal Avith\ the work of reform and| old age pensions Avere the only step towards a comprehensive and complete Scheme of dealing Avith the. allied problems concerning workers AB the tube railways in London ex cept, the central Avere stopped for sqat- eral hours on Saturday aftern'oon-, OAvdng. to the breakdoAvn - of the Chel- Ssea poAver section. There Avere . Aveird scenes in the tunnplk. A|1 the passen gers alighted on the lines iby means o ladders and Avalk-ed to the stations. There was no panic when they were assured that the live rail A\ras not. dan gerous until po\Arer Avas restored. ' 