Death of Mr. R. Garnham. Mr. Robert Garnham, father of Mr. F. Garnham, licensee of tho Newmarket Hotel, Newcastle, and of Mr. C. R. Garnham, of Dunmore, died yesterday, at Newcastle, after a lengthy illness. The deceased, who was in his 88th year, arrived, in New South Wales in 1857, and had resided in the Morpeth district most of that time, being engaged in farm- ing pursuits at Raworth. Mr. Garnham was a genial character, and a great favourite with his intimates. The funeral took place this afternoon at the Morpeth cemetery. \- The position .in regard 'to the town 'water upply at Lathgow. is .critical, owing to tho prolonged drought. Tho town uses about half a million gallons- daily, and onlyl2 days' supply is Ip. tho reservoir. If raSn does not fajl ?within* seven days the supply to all tile works may have to bo stopped.; Thomas Seagrott, a young man. of albouti 26, residing no the Ponds, near Inyerell,. .'aiKoa' to xno ? resiaence oi : a noigiioour, omplajned ' th'ati peoplo were '; ???'.always i'gig jying' him, and tlien blow, his brains out with a revolver.; .'..'/. Dollio Casson, a little ffirl, residing with her parents at 'RosS-hill, Invcrell, was badly scalded by hot coffeo spilled over' her faco nnd chest, and died on Saturday*, '? (At a banquot given1 in his honour in Syd ney Alderman 'Allefi Taylor, Mr. E. O. Faulkner' urged the conservation of tho tim bors of Uie Stat'e, and' said -that' hardwood in ?America for. sleepers had practically been absorbed.. Mr. James Ashton./M.Li.C., said it was patent how exceedingly necessary it was that (tho conservation of our forests should not bo noglect)od. (Jnttlo roso to 20s; and. best sheop to Is Gd per head at H'omobush'-yestenday, as com pared with tho rates of Monday last. Pur ing December, last areco.rd total of 3S6.332 sheep and 'lambs' were sold through tho yards.- as compared with 23Q.101 for .Decim j)er, 1906, the cattlo figures' being 0031 and j 8612 respectively. A cable has been received from London ' stating shafc finest Australian butter wh worth 114s per cvvt., and fine 112s to 113s per cwt. Danish was worth 125s, thus showing that the gup lias widened. ? ionn .itoneris, a printer, wno residou n\\. Strnthfiold, fell from n train yesterday after noon between Petersham and Lewishnm, anil wns fatally injured. Arthur IC. Tliorn. a gold buyer, chnrtretl with beinij found in jiosfiession of Stolen gold nt.-Bendigo (\'ic), was nc(]\iitl'ed yes terduy on the 'round Unit the police hud not shown the gold to bo stoleny The ' anti-suicide bureau, established jn Mel bourne by' the Salvation Army, has not been rushed with business. The, bureau was estab lished about six. months ago, and since that time only three applications for help against the spirit of despair have been .made to the officer in charge. Tho work of the bureau has hither to been confined to assisting those prompted to self- destruction, and it is now intended to en large the scope of operations, so as to approach persons who havo actually attempted to end their lives. All three cases dealt with by the Melbourne bureau were relieved of the burden of despair, and tho contemplated selfdestruc L J.V11 U. * Vi tcu ? During last year 2845 persons arrived in New South Wales under the Government assisted im migration scheme, and 756 others, who re ceived, no assistance; but were attracted by tho advertising policy. If Sir William Lyne had his way, the Federal Capital would remain in Melbourne till tho end of 10 years, and then bo located in Sydney tem porarily for a similar period. In delivering his farewell address on Mon day in Melbourne, prior to his departure for the Lambeth conference. Archbishop Clarke stated that he had only been actuat ed by a spirit of duty to the church in dealing with Canon Nosh's case. Subse mi AYt + i^r l^*s nrfl C! nwv-nninf] *i*l ♦ Vi « li.-*ml ?^nrvs.'* ^juvuwij, AAV' ;i i ««*a i' i v-;av-i&«s^u »» » bii jt ii iiini.ivinv illuminated address. In reply, he promised Ito do his utmost atJ the conference to havo abolished the humiliating restrictions on colonial-ordained clergymen. iA.' telegram received from Thursday Island states that the lugger Preston, belonging to Burns, Philp, and Company, capsized off iNagheor Island with 7cwt. of pearlshel! aboard. iNo lives wero lost. The State Premier, Mr. Wade, was asked if he had received any reports from the polico 'authorities in reference to the dis graceful conduct of young msi in th-J vicin ity of. the General Post-office in Sydney on the night of New Year's Eve. Mr. Wade said ho, had received some reports, but had not got them before him art; that moment. that, although there had been some misbe haviour, the newspaper reports were, exag gerated. He added that the public could rost assured that such conduct 'would' not be allowed to occur again, and steps would bo taken to prevent the distribution of explo sive sticks, which had been ' used so extensi vely on New Year's Eve night. Further details of the murder of Captain M'Kenzie, on tho Island of Malaita, have been received, as follows :— 'News was re ceived, at Tulagi of tho murder of Captn4n M'Kenzie. at Beena, on the island of Ma laita. He was in charge of the ketch Mi nota at the tune, recruiting labour for a plantation on . the island of Guddalcnnar when a number of islanders rnm» nii,.n,.,i' and suddenly overpowering the native crew bound them hand and foot, then turned on MTvenzie, hacking him to death in a most brutal manner. The murderers looted the vessel tof practically everything in stores trade, and ammunition, leaving ner ot an chor without further dnrnnge. She was soiled to Siota (a mission station on the island- of Florida) by some friendly Datives where the victim received a Christian burial.' rho vessel was afterwards taken to Tulagi, the Government station, and handed over to the Resident Commissioner. The second disastrous fire within a week at wyniong on sundny night. Punt.m nnd Jackmnn's butcher's shop and O'Kitffe's grocery store, situated in the main street being completely destroyed. The :ire start ed about 11 o'clock in an empty bnrk hut, adjoining Gellmg's produce store. The townspeople worked hard to save other buildings. Shops on the lother side of tho street narrowly escaped destruction, as a ingh wind was blowing at the rime of the outbreak. Punton and Jackman's building Wann,lnsur,ed \n tne Manchester. Oflir:c for !?i/C? and-.-r-th£. .^verpool and Globe for ±,100.- O Iveeffe's stock was insured in a Queensland office for £300.' Tho l'r.ildincr was owned by Mr. J. Gord. Before Mr. A. N. Bnrnett, S.M., at the Water Police, Court, Sydney, an elderly man ^'as.prtsented .on, a. charge of haying, no Visible lawful means of support. It appears that Dr. Paton, Government modioil ollicer, informed the police that there was n man in the Domain in a very filthy condition. Senior- Sergoanti Carson proceeded there, and found the man 'in a semi-nude condition, he only having his shirt on while he wns cn gagod washing his trousers at n public wa tering standard. Mr. Barnett said that as there was no such offence known f--, the law as having no visible lawfuY means of sup port he must discharge the accused— which ho did! ''.-?- The Lord Mayor of Sydney reports that the municipal year closed with :i credit bal ance in .revenue: account of £18,077-. 'After allowance is mode for outstanding votes am ounting to £6392, there remains a net sur plus, of £12,2S5. Of that sum £7339 was brought forward from the previous year, so that-.tho . balance on the year's operations is £4946. The increase in the city iiule.b'ted ness is £1-15,000. The payments for interest and sinklnc fund durinjj ]90S will amount to £78,146, wEicH 10 Oquivalent to a city rate of 9d. in the £. The Lord Mayor complains bitterly of tho Government's indifference to his scheme for taking over certain services by the council. He now suggests that tho Government should appoint' a Royal Com modell ing Sydney. ? A coloured man named Perkins stubbed a white man; James Devett, }n tho lutt tu-nplo at . Katoomba yestcrdnv. 'A iS'al imm cov ered ? Perkins \vith a gun till the police ar rived. Dovett is in tho Ponrlth Hospital. ;At Mr. Torn Mann's socialistic Sunday school at Broken Hill the children -were mnda to sing 'The Red Flag.' The tod'/la^ wns salutod, : and tho proceedings ? terminated With, tho singtog of 'The Marseillaise.'1 ?Nothing further has beon, heard of 'the' proposal for Sydney and Melbourne to sub sidiso a fleet 'of steamers to Shanghai! Tho proposal was submitted by Melbourne and endorsed by Sydney months ago, but has apparently been pigeonholed. ' Thero is an increased demand for aborigi nal labour in tho north of Queensland for tho beche-de-nior industry. 