A Ullin mun mopped In the "hup, Ami milli : "Now, you bo »ure To ul ve nie what I ns* for pop, Timi H WOOIIH* Cirent Peppermint Cure. ll'« nu lute tn try unit forco on me. suntu other clnss, I For though I mn n litt lo hoarse I'm not iv liltlo aaa." Consumption Gan Be Cured Dr. Dark P. Yonkerman, whose diacovory ol a Curo for Consumption has startled Ida World. Marvellous as it may seem after the centuries of failure, a cure for consumption has at last been found. After twenty years of almost ceaseless research and experiment In his laboratory; the now renowned specialist, Derk P. Yonkerman, has discovered a specific which has cured the deadly Consumption even In ¡ts far advanced stages. In many cases, though all other remedie? tried had failed and changes of climate were unable to check the progress ol the disease, this wonderful specific has conclu- sively proved its power to cure. W hatever your position in life may bt if you are in consumption, or suffer from asthma, bronchitis, catarrh, or any throat of lung trouble, this cure ts within your reach for it Is a home treatment and need not interfere In any way with your dally occupa, don. Prove for yourself its healing power ABSOLUTELY FREE. Simply send your name and nddrest to the Derk P. Yonkerman Co., Ltd. 409 Dikson Buildings, Sydney, and they wil post to you a free trial treatment of titi) remarkable remedy. < Don't hesitate or delay if you have any o the symptoms of consumption. If you han chronic catarrh, bronchitis, asthma, pains Ii your chest, a cold on your lungs, or any throa or lung trouble, write to-day for thc free tria treatment and furl instructions, and euri yourself before it is too late. A casual glance left and right as one passes through thu street (remarks the Lon- don "Globe") brings homo to ono the con- viction thnt Rnglund is peculiarly rich in ugly men. Even a visit to the House of Commons I FR00T0I0S For Headache, Indigestion, Constipation, and Itilionsness. -OOo The Immenso number of orders for Frootoids, sont by poBt diroct to tho Pro- prietor, ls convincing proof that tho Public apprcciato their splendid curing power ovor tho ubove-namod complaints. They uro olegunt in appoaranco, ploasant to take, and, what is of the utmost importance, nra thoroughly reliable in affording quick relief. Frootoids nra immensely moro valu- able than un ordinary aperient, in so far that they not only act as an aporlont, hut do remove from tho blood, tissues, and internal organs, wnsto poisonous mnttor that is clogging thom and choking tho channels that load to und from them. Tho beneficial effects of Frootoids aro evident ut onco by tho disappearance of hendadle, tho head becoming clear, and a bright, cheery sense of perfect health taking tho placo of sluggish, depressed feelings, by tho livor noting properly, and by tho food being properly digested. Frootoids aro tho proper aperient . medicine to toke when nay Congestion or Blood Poison is present, or whoa Con- ! gestion of thu Bruin or Apoplexy is pro Bent or threatening. They havo boon j tested, and liuvo hoon proved to ufford quick rcliof in such cases when other aperients bnvo not dono any good at all. It is of tho utmost importance that this should bu borne In mind, for in such cases to take au ordinury aperient is to wasto timo and permit of a serious ill- ' ness becoming fatal. Frootoids uot splendidly on tho liver, and quickly euro bilious nttneks that "antibilious lillis" make worse. Muny pooplo havo boen made sick and iii by "untibllious pills" who could have been cured at onco hy Frootoids. People should not allow themselves to bo duped into contracting u mcdlclno-tuking habit by being persuudod to take doily doses with ench meal of so-called Indigestion cures that do NOT cure. Frootoids havo boon subjected to extensivo tests, nnd have in ovory caso proved success- ful in completely curing tho compluints named. Tho ordinary adult doso of Frootoids, of which tlioro aro 72 in a bottlo, is 2 to 4-more or loss ns rcqulrod-takon, pre- ferably at bedtime, when constipated, or at tho commencement of any other disenso requiring un aporlont, ns an auxilllnry with tho apodal medicine nocessnry for tho case. A constipated habit of body will bo complotoly cured if tho patient will on each occasion, whon milTering, toko a doso of Frootoids, instead of an ordinnry aporlont; making tho interval botween tho taking of each doso longer mid tho doso smaller. The patiant thus gradually becomes indepen- dent of Aporlont Medicines. -OOo For salo by loading Chemists and Storekeepers. Kotnil prlco, 1/G. If your Oliomist or Storekeeper has not got thom, ask him to got them for you. If not obtainable locally, send direct to tho Proprlotor. W. O. HEARNE, Ohomist, O oolong, Victoria. NOTIOE.-Tho mntorlals In FuOOT OIDS oro of tho VERY BEST QUALITY and consist, nmongst othor ingredients, of tho active principio of each of FIVE dlfforent MEDICAL FRUITS and ROOTS, so combined and proportioned in a particular way that a far BETTER rosult is obtained than from an ordinary aperient. For Children's Hacking Cough at Night, Woods' Great Peppermint Curcj ¡ta Od/ SpenkJng nt tho Women's Patriotic Club, Mr. Storie-Uixson pointed out that it wns not only prophets who wero without hon- our in their own country. Tn Australia thu trees which were m.ostl.v prized were the Knglish oali or the pinn. (lum trees «ere scorned. Tho suit-bush, one of thu richest fodders sheep could lune, was be- ing left to ruthless destruction,, and ill ready It was beginning to die out In dis- tricts. When he went to (.'nliforniii ho lound these twu plants muong those must prized. (illili ¡trees were planted ns or uiimcnls ulong'tho streets of l,os Angeles, und t here were largo planta lions where these trees wer« raised for their limber, while snlt-bush was receiving special study us a. forage plant. Kncouraging reports aro received 'from timo to time by thu Intelligence Depart- ment from agriculturists' in the country districts, which go to show thal thu new- comers who ure arriving in this State as the result of tho (loveriiment's assisted immigration - pulley uro men of thu richi stamp. Tho following loiter, which lins just come to limul from a furnier on the .Hiuinlng Uiver, lo whom, two fui'in hibimr nrs wero sent a HtUo while ago, is typical of ninny others. "These mon," he writes, "were engaged by mo in'.7uno; Inst, nm! it affords mo great pleasure .Indeed to report on tho satisfactory manner In -which they have iicipiltled themselves since entering my employ. I havo at all times found" them anxious to please me, ready to nd npt themselves lo colonial conditions, hon- est, trustworthy, and sober; in fuel all that I could wish for as farm labourers. You need have no hesltntloii whiitevur in sending this elliss of lr.nn to the country." -Men of this typo tiru now arriving by every bout, und fanners and pusloriiîlsts who "?PPl.v ure promptly provided with the nec- essary labour on application to thc Intel- ligence Department. A ltlchniond Uiver farmer writes:-"It ls very plain that tho Forestry JJepiirtnient (willi its army uf ox|icn.slve olllcers) is rang- ing itself up ns a strong opponent oí every funner and closer sjttlemenl. It makes no secret of Its intention of opposing every- one who applies for land nf any descrip- tion, or tho subdivision ol' land carrying timber. Only recently, on tho Dorrigo, whore J. went to inspect lund for two ol my sons, tho Forestry Coiuinissloncrs blocked tho liest lund from being open for selection on-thc 3 0th of this mouth, und let the poorest go to the ballot. At tho rn te of the cutting out of Hie couple ot tho smallest tlmlicr mills that uro nt work on the Dorrigo (thoro ls room for 100 more mills-) it will take exactly 1000 yours be- fore the mills will have tho timber off, and the land ready for settlement. Wo lt" is plain tho army of forest inspectors will have a long job. The Forestry Department Is putting obstacles in tho way of farmers ?who, ari! trying to gel increased a rou fl for their I'niiiilics rather limn let them drift to ijucenslund." A good method of improving tho iiinnur inl value of bush rnklngs is practised by n .Seven Hills orchnrdist. Scvorul cart- loads of raklngs uro tipped into the cow yard, and spread iihoiit a fool deep. The excreta Is gradually mixed with tho rak- lngs by tho animals treading it, ami when he thinks there is enough lidded il ls cart- ed away and put round tho trees. As much us 1Ô0 loads have boon made in a year, mid tho idea should be worth trying, even ii there ls only ono cow to do the work. Owing to tho timely arrival of n wet monsoon, the sugar crop of 190" in Java hus exceeded thut of all proviens years. Not only was thu cultivated urea Increased by 20,1) IO acres, but tho yield per acre proved to be the largest yet obtained, amounting to I.Ot tons. The total pro- duction wns tons, as compared with 1,01(1,001 tons in ISlOli. lt is slated that n new vnriety of cane has lately been discovered which will combine ii prolific growth with a very high pureeiitngo of sugar. Thc lato breaking of the wet mon- soon nt the «md of the year hindered tho growth of the 1908 crop, which, on this account, ls likely to bo later anil less pro- ductive limn that of 1907. Ilnwollnn s-iigur growers are making moro than they ever did before. Tho good prices of the raw product now prevailing on the m'uinlnncl ure created chiefly hy th« shortage of the cuno crops of Culm and other places, excepting .lava, outside tho United Statt*. Tho-1'..iiopean beet harvest will show a small deficiency. Tho yield of the mills nt homo is greater than In any tonner year miel insect pests in tho cuno fields ure becoming less dangerous lhrnuc.li the expert watchfulness of tho Itawnfinn .Sugar I'hinters' Kuper! nient .Station. Tho newly construct cd irrigation systems on the several Islands are niling their flinet lons to completion. Furthermore there ls the outlook of a .vet huger crop in 11)09. A patent, (says the "West India t.'iim ndtten Circular ) has been applied fur it process for the extraction of wax from tho sugarcane. lt seems that thu rind nf tho cane contains a certain proportion of wax which luis- hitherto been lost with the refuse. Hy the new process this wax is now recovered from thc Hiter refuse und turned into coiiuneroinl uses. lt is esti- mated that ono tim of cane will yield SJ lb. of wax very similar in Its cha rael er isltlcs to bees-wax or Carnauba wax, which cnn bu used for precisely the smile pur- poses. The wax, which resembles thnit now used very largely for making cylinders for so-called talking machines, ls exceed- ingly hard and capable of taking a high polish. lt ls .understood Unit 110 factor Ios in .lava will this yenr bo uslnn this process. Air. .1. T. Cl rein ls tho Loudon representativo of the inventor. The Illinium, Mnrgurlne Company lins been formed for tho production of n lund kind of butter. As a result of elaborate experiments, a delicious compound consist- ing of bananas blended willi milk anil butter and other wholesale Ingredients hus been discovered, combining tho appearance and texture of Danish butter with the flavour of tho banana. It is claimed for this new product that through the. addition of hummus lt possesses a much higher pro- portion of flesh-forming properties, whilst the pricu ls 25 per cent, lower than that of butter, Steps are being taken to secure patent rights in hlngliintl and tho colonies. A reprint of a pamphlet by Mr. H. Crowe, superintendent of exports, Victoria, emphasising tho Importance of systemati- cally testing thc yield of milk from nil the. cows In a dairyman's herd, has been Issued. So strong and widespread ls tho interest aroused thnt over 2000 persons hnvo applied to tho department for copies of tho pamphlet within tho last few days. Tho pamphlet Illustrates tho necessity of kee|> Ing a record of the individual returns secured from each cow. This ls done by weighing and testing dally, or as often as may be convenient, the milk directly it is drawn from each cow, and then analysing the results. Tn one of thc tables ll is shown that while tho best cows In a herd of Í12 gave a profit lu ono year ol .Ufl 17s 7d, tho returns from the worst lu the herd was only ls (Id, If into ls kind, there's money In plg ralslng, nnd sometimes a good deal In ono. For Instance, a North Const paper tells of n. Jlantriilow dairyman ami lils lierkshlro HOW. Hr. Kuy (mivs the print) Mtivtes that ho owned a lierkshlro sow ion five years, and during thnt period silo hail 10 litters, representing IO.J pigs, and out of that ntiiiiihor reared 02. In their turu they wero S'olil ns stores, fats and breeders, and the 112 offsprings realised tho handsome sum of .Cl88 2s fill, one litter of nine pigs heine sold for till» 10s when only five und a half mouths old. Tho Maize Shippers of this and sur- rounding districts will find lt greatly to their advantage to consign produce to the largo and up-to-date firm of F0LT3Y 1.1H0.S.. Ltd., who guorantoo you prompt sales with chenno by roturn post. All de- scriptions ol Fnrm nnd Dalry Froiluco handled under their direct supervision, Ex- tremo mnrkot rates gunrantretl. Wo advise a trial. Satisfaction assured.* Spain and Hussla nra tho only Kuropeun countries which proilueu moro wool than they consume. J » Mrs. lt. M'Lnrcn, Cunninghame, N.S.W., says: "I bad a very sevoro cold this win- ter, which threatened to lust tho entlro winter. T wns recommended to try a bottle of Chninhnrlnln's Cough Homoiiy, which I did. Tt thoroughly cured mo, and In tho futuro when 1 cot a cold, T shall tako tho sumo ltomedy," For sala by .T. J, Bn rlght, (Irnfton. and .1. T. Jt'lClttrlck, South Grafton.* For Chronic. Chest Complaints', Woods' (Trent I'eppormlnt Cure, ls Od.» Tho dome of the Fnlnls do Justice, in UrusKcls, ls innxlo of papier-mache, and weighs 10 tons. f Todbta/fljbesi'returnsWMynJfaducetoV established 1370. LARGEST SELLING AGENTS INTHE COMMONWEA LT H. Maye, Potatoes,Millet, I Pigs euriô Calves ä 3LTC Ourtfyectall/nes.% ELLIS & CO. AUCTIONKISIia. S ALU* Al UN OF HLAIXti, PIGS, CALVKIS, POULTRY, nnd all FA KM und DAIRY PRODUCE. Establisltei. over 30 years. HEAD OFFICES-Corporation Buildings, 173 Sussex-street, Sydney. SALE YARDS-Quay-street, Haymarket. 1 Every consignment receives the PERSONAL', ATTENTION of the partners in the lirra. AUCTION SALES. PIGS at Corporation Yards, Tuesday and Friday. CALVES at Corporation Yards, Wednesday. , POULTRY, EGGS, HONEY, SUCKERS, at Our Own Sale Yards, Tues- day and Friday. ( BAGS can be obtained from Sir. W. Paine, Gear's AVIinrf, G rent Marlow ; «hv.,G*J,\ Kratz, Ulmarra; Mr. Mick Bussell, Jun., South Grafton; W. Woods, Lawrence, ; X/u.rk<w Leeson. Southgate ; Harold Phemister, Copmanhurst ; J. M. Quinn, Grafton ; Edward Brooks, Brushgrove ; Norman Walkin, Coramba ; P. J. Ferrett, Nana Glon._ MAIZE. MAIZE. MAIZE. PRESCOTT, Limited. (Established 1850), 336 and 338 Sussex Street, SYDNEY, ARE THE OLDEST AND BY FAR THE LARGEST MAIZE SALESMEN" IN NEW SOUTH WALES. ' I Bags, etc., may be obtained from the Local Agent, J. M. QUINN, Grafton. TOP PRICES GUARANTEED. 1 ffianum$£ WHOLE WIIEST PORRIDGE FOOD. FJ Sold in alb. packets. }.'< < Lv "A pound of Qmnuma has more nutrition than three pounds 0^ ucc£ or mutton," | Granuma contains every particle of the grain, and has a delicious nutty flavour which is positively delightful. " Whole wheat prepared a la Granuma, whereby all tho ozmazomo ls prescrued, . ia the most valuable food on earth." -Un. A. J, Iiixt>.»». ALL (IKOCHKS AND STOHHKHBI'KRS. BENSD0!$| "OVAL DUTCH STANDS FOR Beosdorp's, TH G PUREST AND BEST COCOA IN THE WORLD. Tl VIBRATORY MASSAGE IN THE HOME. , i ohtained by muru al the Creecrnt Vi brator>..an Initrumfnt electrically driven and un bc uard in any home whether equipped with electric liitht or nat. lt cnn he .witched on tn the ordinary electric li||ht attachment or driven hy a dry battery both eîaple and inrxpenaivc. THE CRESCENT VIBRATOR ia eaay to Ult »nd under perleet contiol. lt ia not electric treatment-rumply electric ally driven andie vaatly auperior to die aid faanioried hand treatment. It filiavea or eurea Rheuroatiim, Head- ache, laaamnie, Nervouaueaa, Ncuraalhe. ?ia. Neuralgia, Indication, Lumbago, I'ara lyeia. etc. la aplaudid lor the compilion, atitoulatinf the Mood véanla and nérvea and prevent« an^edluoua (leah. WRITE FOR BOOKLET. OSBORN & JERDAN, LTD., - My Optici.«,» OPTICIANS AND ELECTRICIANS, ^^93^Gf^ge^treet^^ini Royal Hotel. Sydneyj^^^u Ask Your Storekeeper If he Stocks . . . "WUNDERLICH" MATERIALS. Jinny of tho Storekeepers are now Stocking our Ceilings nnd Cornices, and all of them havo our Catalogues aud Latest Prlco List«, If you aro unablo to obtain tho necossnry information locally, pienso wrlto direct to us, "Wunderlich, Limited," Box .I G.P.O., Sydney, and wo will send you all particulars por carly post; or if you f ,t«' aro in bown pienso call nt our Show Booms, fifi Pitt-ffurcot, whore wo have a hVbv . ' . 'f\k somo display of Collings, otc., to suit nil classes of buildings. WUNDERLICH, LIMITED. 