NOTES FROM LONDON. (From Our Special Representative). London, Dec. 20. Considerable advance appears to have been made in the way of secur ing fresh population from this side for the Commounwealth States dur ing the last twelve months. Mr. Rason, the Agent General for West ern Australia, reports that about 1100 approved emigrants have been sent out by him, and the amount of cash remitted .,n their behalf, which does nt,l by any means rep.re sent their total capital, but is only some evidence of the possession of capital, has been equal to over £115 for each male adult, the possession of £100 being obli,*atory. Every week letters are received from new settlers in praise of the country. Mr. W. H. . Dollev. who has taken up Mr. E. T. Scammell's work in connection with the West Australian Emigration Department in London, and has a wide knowledge of Aus tralia, gained by 30 years residence chiefly in the State he represents, says that excellent progress is be ing made in the provinces in making the resources of Western Australia known. He gave a lantern lecture in Stepney the othei evening on "The Land of the Black Swan." There was a large audience, and useful results are confidently anti cipated. The proposal of the Ita lian Government to form an experi mental colony of Italians on Crown land in Western Australia, is still the . subject of negotiation, but an agreement is likely to be arrived at shortly. Queensland has, as your readers know, decided to spend £70,000 on the promotion of immi ration, so we may expect to see the boardings of London covered with vigorous advocacy of the advan tages of life in the Island Continent in the next few months. The Queensland scheme should prove at tractive owing to the low price at which emigrants will be conveyed, and the effect will be to place the State on an equality, in the estinma tion of those who wish to leave this country. with other colonies which are nearer -Great Britain. The passage rate for assisted immigrants is $5, and £50 has to be deposited at the Gov ernment office in London. The money is returned on arrival in Queensland, with interest. For these passages only men capable of agri cultiral work will be choseun ;Spe cial chlapI rat.es are provided for nominated immigrants; for contract immigrants employers are required i) pay a fee of £5 for the passage, and to guarantee, a ycar's emnply mont a.t wages applroved by the Chief Sec.retary. Provision is made on, a s1ubstai!tial c:ale for free pas saves 1o wives and children of :emi grants in the assisted, momina4td. o contract celass.r and to fema,.. dom:e,,'tic servants. A whole com miunity of (Cerrmns. now living on the banks of the Rhire, is to be reni to Queensland shortly. Their leader. Pastor Ne.heim,:?e' wh(ose nlo mTe "ii gests a similar exodus referred to in the Scriptures, has be-n anxious for com," tiInto ast R find a country for his flock vwith better pIospects than are offered in Europe, and so be will soon lead the people in triumph "out of captivity into the Pr-,mised Land." In view of all these developments in Australia's emigration policy, considerable interest attaches to facts brought to light by Mr. W. 11. Trotter, who has been sent over here by the Canadian Trades and Lab our Congress, to make public the condition of thousands of skilled but unemployed men in the towns and industrial centres of Canada. Mr. Trotter has been specially delegated to do everything in his power to check immigration to the Dominion of the wcorkl,.os in thi. co.lntrf-. In a lecture to a special mreting of the Labour party and the Parliamentary Committete of the Trades Union Con gresz yesterday. Mr. Trotter said the flooding of skilled labour to which they had for some time been subjected in Canada. had reach.-d alarming proportions. Not even the employers, who have bern the princi nal e~ause of the trouble on uld a,'v longer shut their eves to the seriosu state of affairs, and in the Canadian House of Commons a demand is be ing put forward for more protection as a remedy for the evil. With re gard to sta~tistics, Mr. Trotter says that up to June the emigra tion to Canada reached a total of 25,200, an increase of 62,974 com pared with the corresponding period of the previous year. This would be a very gratifying fact if the people had been for the most part familiar with agricultural pur suits. But side by side with this striking increase in the. flow of emi-. gration, the homestead entries show a decrease of 10,401. This is proof positive that the emigrants are go ing into the cities, where they are not wanted, and are keeping a.way from the country districts which could do with th",m all, if only they were of the right class. Mr. Trot t:ýr laid stress on toe tact that he Canadian manufacturers, by means of special emigration agents in London and other citie·a, are con .t:?uualiv ,nticing large numbers of skilled workpeople to CanaLda, not ,ittastanding t., ov.ornment's per sise.nt announce?i:ent thfat they are not wanted. All the emigration augeneires in this country were accus ed by Mr. Trotter of participating in the work ,ri asending out unsuit able emigrants. "The Central Un 'mp)loyLed Body for I on&..on, the East End Emigration Society, the Church Army, the Salvation Army, and the Rothschild Soci'ety," lie said, "are all sending men out from the cities, but the worst offenders of all are the shipping companies working on commission." Inter viewed after the meeting, Mr. Trot ter gave several instances of men be ing. shipped out for a definite dep tinawtion at a fixed salary, and ulti mately compellel d either to take the work at a much lower figure, to the displacement of the better- paid workman, or to seek relief from destitution in any kind of unskilled work that might be offered them. The incongruity of these things happening under a protective tariff, whidh tariff reformers here claim would find work for everyone, waa pointed out to Mr. Trotter, and he replied, "Yes, protection is a beau tiful thing-for the manufacturers, who alone benefit by it. They want the tarriff wall to reach to Heaven, and they care no more for the Brit ish trader than for any other of their competitors. The troubles of the workpe.ople are intensified by this extraordinary policy. And yet the Government is actually being asked to raise the tariff so that the imports and exports shall more closely correspond." There are, he asserted, 10,000 people out of work in Toronto alone, and soup kitchens have been established to relieve the worst cases of distress. The Salva tion Army, too, is making a special appeal for clothing and shelter for the unhappy immigrants. Somewhat similar objections are made in regard to the.condition of emigrants to Australia.'"Renolds' ' newspaper published last Sunday a colmplaint on the subject from a cor respondent ,at Mosman, Port Doug las. The writer says he is one of a body of eighty men sent out by the Government ostensibly to take the place of Kanakas in the sugar in dustry, but really to fill the place of colonials at reduced pay. He de clares that he and his fellow emi grants signed on in London as bona fide farm labourers, but have been put to every kind of job in a mill among the machinery. While wages were promised at 25/ per week, he says he only -earned 27/6 during the whole of last September. owing to the scarcity of sugar cane ; and even this sum was stopped on pay day, as, although they were promised in 'London that nothing should be de dueted for passage money, the corn pany are deducting 50/ per month for the first two months to recoup themselves for the £5 they paid to wards the men's passage money. "We have a canvas stretcher for bed," says the disgusted writer,"and one blanket, for which 14/6 was stopped from wages. No lights, no basins or ,nvthing else for washing. One man, with a wife and six chil dren in England, has cut his throat, and is in Port Douglas Hospital in a critical condition. Another has shot himself with a revolver, and another gone mad in the Ingham Hospital. -We ask you to do all you can to stop men coming out here Men desert, but being 800 miles in t'.e bush, are caught by the mounted police and fined £20 or three months." Before Parliament meets next month, some startling developments may be looked for in the position of the Labour party in the House of Conunons. At present it consists of 31 members. Besides tLese, there are 23 Trade Union members-and Mr. Victor Grayson (socialist). When neamrbers take their seats on Janu -ary 29 next, they may find the bulk -of these 23 Trade Union members -siting and votin'g with the Labour .party on the :opposition benches. Last year the Miners' Federation of Great Britain took a ballot as to whether or not they should merge their own Parliaºnentar-; represen -tation scheme into that of the La bour party. There was a heavy vote, and the figures came out -Against, 101,714; for, 92,222 ; majority against 9492. Since then many things have happened. At the con gress of the Miners' Federation held in October. last, it wat, decided to ballot the members again on the question of joining the Labour party. And this time the vote will be taken with miners' leaders rather favourable than hostile to such a course. It is said that the position has been brought about by the treat ment which the Trade Union mem bers have received, both at the hands of the Liberal whips and the Speaker. When the Labour mea sures, such as the Trades Disputes Bill, the Workmen's Compensation Act, and the Miners' Eight Houss Bill have been before the House the Trade Union membens complain that they have been ignored, while at the same time the utmost deference has been paid to the views and wishes of the Labour party. Again, it is said that the Speaker has regarded the Trade Unionist members as part and parcel of the Liberal party, when calling upon members to speak, and that members of the Labour party, who have "caught his eye" have the prefer ence over them, when the turn has come for a Labour member to speak. Therefore, it is quite prob able that the Miners' Federation will, by their present ballot, decide to throw in their lot with the La bour party. Such a decision would be even more important at the pre sent time, seeing that the Northum berland and Durhaam miners nave nlow joined the Miners' Federation of Great Britain. Northumber land decided this by a ballot vote some time ago, and has already paid its first subscription, Durham .Jas balloted for a few weeks ago, and there is a majority of 18,000 fur joining the federation. Both these counties will take part in' the latest ballot, and it is auite on the cards that they will go for independence in Parliamentary representati.,n. Efforts are being made to get the ballot of the Miners' Federav';n through before Pa.rliament meets. The first consignments of eggs from Australia are beginning to arrive in London. Several thousand dozens of eggs have just been received it the office of the Agent General ý,.r South Australia, none the worse ?r? their long journey of 13,000 miles. Experts pronounce them to be good in every way and for all uses, and state that they are far superior to any of the Continental eggs, being larger, cleaner, and better for eat ing purposes than French, Danish or the Russian import. Major Norton. the commercial renresentative of the South Australian Government. says that before long millions of these egar will be sent to Great Britain annually. "The Secret of our suc cess." he added, "is that all the eggs sent over are infertile, and, wehexas fertile eggs go bad, these, although they may shrink a little, never go rotten. They are collected mostly in the neighbourhood of Adelaide, are graded, packed and chilled, but not frozen. They will keep for ever. S?ale3 have been effected at prices allowing of 12 per long hundred to the producer, and this is quite satis factory. 'A great point about the supply is that in winter when eggs are so dear in London, the Australian product can be sent over in any quantities and sold at half the prices of home new-laid eggs. And they are quite as good." Lady Wittenoom (West Australia) a few evenings ago entertained Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Darlot (West Aus tralia) at dinner. Lady Doughty (formerly a well known lady journalist of Melbourne, Miss E. Stone), celebrated her first Christmas in England by giving the children on her husband's estate in Lincolnshire, to the number of 250. a Santa Claus party in the Waltham schoolroom. 