FRIDAY, JANUARY 10, 1908. It is very satisfactory to learn that before any further steps are taken in the attempt to enforce the "new protec- " tion" law the constitutionality of the measures already passed by Parliament is to be tested in a friendly suit before the High Court. The questions involved go down to the very basis of the federa- tion. They involve the right use of the taxing power. If that power may right- fully be used in the manner attempted in the harvester excise enactment, what purports to be a federation may be turned into a unified government, in the manner and by such stages as the Federal Parliament may de- cide. If the Parliament may lawfully assume control over industry, wages, and prices by the imposition of condi- tions in Customs and excise laws, it may go on by the same or similar means to perform all the functions now sup- posed to be reserved to the states, and render the state Parliaments mere nullities. If it may say to manufac- turers of harvesters, You must pay an excise of £6 per machine unless you pay certain wages and charge certain prices, it may also say to importers, You will be charged double or treble the rates of duty in the tariff schedule unless you pay your employes the rates we prescribe, and work them the hours we prescribe, and charge the prices we prescribe ; and so it may exercise con- trol over every department of industry, trade, and social life. It may impose a land tax, with such conditions as will render the holding of landed pro- perty impossible. It may tax house- holders, and thereby regulate all their doings, by the simple expedient of mak- ing the tax nominal on those who con- form to the conditions imposed and ruinous on those who do not. Unquestionably the Commonwealth is vested with unlimited taxing power. The full use of such a power may be- come at any time essential to the con- tinuance of the national life, and it is imperative that it should be vested in the national Government. But if that power may be exercised in the manner now proposed federation is a mere de- lusion, and a great part of the constitu- tion is waste paper. It is a fortunate'circumstance that at such an early stage in the opération of tho now law the Government has come Into direct antagonism with the Imple- ment-makers' Association. It might have happened that the terms Imposed would have placed no severe burdon on the manufacturers. In that case those tenus would probably have been ac- cepted without their validity being chal- lenged. The manufacturers would not have regarded il'''as their' business to fight for a principle against thoauthorlty which has the power lo Impose protec- tive duties, by which they are benefited. Indeed, Hie point was not raised In the llnst stages of the case, nor until it be- came clear that the effect of the "new; " protection" law would bo very serious from a. business aspect But now the manufacturers aro incidentally con- tending for something 'of infinitely more' "moment ' thaii 'their, 'own special '''interests',"' and' 'Iho'-lsym pathy of all true federalists must bo with thom. The Ministry pursued the policy it has so frequently ndopted of "trying it on," on the chance that it might prove to ho right That is not a wise nor a dignified course for the Com- monwealth Parliament. It should act only where It can do so with reasonable assurance that it Is not overstepping the constitution. Mr. Deakin once said that it is not tho-duty ofc.the.Parlianiont lo provide the High Court with prob'lcms to solve, but he has not followed his own precept Of course, the Ministry, in this as lu other matters, has weakly conceded to pressure, instead of throw- ing the res)>onsibility of acting upon the shoulders of those who urged the ex- treme course. Owing to this wenkness It has come about that the Parliament has spent a 'great deal of its time on petty 'mutters lying on the doubtful frluge of constitutionality, and neglected great subjects at the very heart'of the original federal design. A great respon- sibility is thrown upon tho High Court, for the question is the most momentous one with which it lias yet been faced. From the moment, that Corot's " Bent Tree" looked out from Hie walls of the National Gallery a storm has been simmering in the ;puhllc mind, ready to burst- at any moment. Those familiar with the artist's work antici- pated this directly Hie purchnse was an- nounced. It is not so much the picture as the price that has milled the feelings of that great body of people for whom national galleries have been' chiefly called into existence. The picture they may not be quite able to appreciate, but the £5,723 paid for It they under- stand to the uttermost farthing. And certainly, oil looking, back through many years' lists of picture sales, it does seem as if we had made a record in Hie Corot market In running through Christie's and Agnew's auctions lists, the prices for canvases by this great French Romantic Impressionist vary in the most remarkable manner. They commence with nu "Italiani Lake " Scene," £105 ; llienco a rise to "A "Morning at d'Avray," £580; "Road "Scene," £300; "The Faraii" £800; "Cows by the Sea Shore," £1,500; "Uiver Scene," £2,000; and so on, Huctuating between the highest and lowest of these sums, the works averag- ing 30in. x 20in. In size. Maybe the " man In the gallery" has hoard of these things, for ho Is an omnivorous reader, and has wondered why so much has been paid for tlmt small canvas sot lu the overwhelming gilt frame. Natu- rally, ho thinks, from his point of view, that very much better could have been done with the money. Ile may, or ho may not, be willing lo ac- knowledge in a way the wonderful gradation of tones In trees and fore- ground, the subtle beauty of the dis- tant view, the massing and treatment 'of Hie foliage against the luminous sky, and the dignified reserve of the artist's colour scheme. But he believes Hint all this and vastly moro could have been obtained for a smaller sum. The acquiring of what Is undoubtedly ii masterpiece of its class-French poetic landscape-is to a largo extent duo to the swing of the Felton bequest pendulum. The two preceding .selec I lions were not at all satisfactory. The artists commissioned to mako them, with tho beat Intentions possible, covered too much ground with tho money, and the result was mainly quantity. There was general dissatis- faction expressed all round ut tlio result. Painters wore represented that we did not want to -know anything about, nnd the e\nmplos--of those who* had achieved renown were not worthy of their name and fame. The plan of selection had so fur been a failure, and the pendulum slowly moved right over from quantity to quality. The oppor- tunity carne for securing quality when Mr. Lockett Agnew, having purchased the Alexander Young collection of sixty odd Corots, which included not only the original "Bent Tree," but numbers of other canvases taken from the same spot, treutmeut and name alone differen- tiating thom, was lu the market as a seller. To the (rained artistic eye Corot's picture appeals with nil the chn.-u that art work is capable of, in the same way that the very highest class of music falls on the cultivated ear of the musician. But Is this all? Is our gallery to he reserved only for the seer of visions, the appreclator of the subtle? "Art for art's sake" Is a delightful thing to nourish when we have only our- selves to consider nnd have the money lo gratify our tastes. But there Is-, something more for art to do in the world. It has a. message to every-day humanity-an uplifting and a spiritual- ising one-that should pierce through the conventionalities to the poetry nnd reality that underlie all life. The layman feels this acutely, and grows angry when something lie does not understand is tendered him. "It "matters little to him," wrltes a famous modern critic, "whether an "artist paiuts in light tones or "sombre colours, whether the pic "turo be made cn plein air or in his "studio. The medium which he uses, " tlio technique by which he arrives nt " his finished results, aro matters of in "tercst to his fellow-painters. But " something more appealing is demanded "hy ordinary humanity. It looks for "the adequate expression of a signifi- cant truth, some porsonnl message to " the world, some interpretation of hls "torlcal events, by a master hand In " masterly manner." Tens of thousands stood before the "Light of the World," because they understood and reverenced the story, and because they felt their minds uplifted and their aspirations satisfied. The picture conveyed a syra bolieal.-í-aessage to them that could not be mistaken. It is not claimed for llolman limit's work that it repre- sented the highest form of art, hut it indicated what a gallery picture should be, and it is strongly urged that the claims of those to whom this and works of a like nature appeal ought to bo in some measure considered. In fine, what is contended for is the ideal gallery picture, and that will always be ob- tained when interesting subject* Is wedded to good art. "Advertisers for to-morrow's ¡_sue of "The Argus" are reminded of the necessity of forwarding their advertisements early to- day. This request is made in view of the very large number of advertisements ap- pearing on Saturday. With a view to arriving nt a settlement of the difficulty between Victoria and South Australia regarding the disputed border territory, the Premier (Mr. Bent) recently informed Mr. Price, the Premier of South Australia, that ho and the Minister for Lands, {Mr- Mackey) would be willing to y^sjt Adtslaidp to discus» ¡the master, i 'Sir. Bent announced yesterday that he under- stood that Mr. Price would be visiting Mel- bourne shortly on Commoiiwcaltn business. If Uiat proved to be correct, advantage would bo takqn of the presence of Mr. Price in Melbourne to go into the whole question of the territory. The Victorian Govern- ment, added Mr. Bent, desired, if poasible, to have this long-standing dispute settled. It arises from the fnet that the original boundary between South Australia nnd New South AVales (of which Alctotia was thcn'pnrt) was drawn in error a few miles too far eastward. AVhen Victoria was separated from New South AVales a fresh line (the correct one) was drawn fat thor to the westward, thus bringing into Alctoria a strip of country which had up lo that time formed part of South Australia. The Premier (Mr. Bent) announced yes- terday that ho was in communication with Archbishop Carr in reference to the sugges- tion which had been approved of by the state Cabinet in favour of holding a confer- ence to discuss the question of registration of leaehere in Roman Catholic primary anil sub-primary parochial .schools. The confer- ence is being convened by Mr. Bent, nnd:it will be held to suit the convenience of those concerned. Those who will take part in the conference will be the Minister for Edu- cation (Mr. Sachse), the Minister for Lands (Mr. Mackey), the chairman of the Teachers and Schools .Registration Board (Mr. Tate), the vice-chairman of the board (lylr. Theodore Pink), Archbishop Carr, and Mr. Bent. Curious things happen in Federal de- partments from time to time. Minister come and go with sucliffrequcncy that the vital questions of one year aro often for- gotten and pigeon-holed in the next. Away back in. the year 100-1 tho then Postmaster General decided that it wns urgently neces- sary to obtain designs-; for a Common- wealth picture postcard, which would be at the sumo time a work of art, an adver- tisement for 'the Commonwealth, and a source of revenne. It was accordingly widely advertised in the artistic world that the Post-oflico required sample pictures, and several were sent iii. A committee, consisting of Mr. Bcrnnrd Hall,. Sir. Dal garno (formerly Deputy Postmaster- Gene- ral of New South AVales), and Sir. J. B. Cook (stamp printer of South Australia), was appointed to judge these pictures and select the best for reproduction. They gave a decision, and the matter was for- gotten. Postmasters-General came and went, but none thought of (he picture postcards. Jill*. -.langer, however, luis discoveicd the papéis in connection with the matter, and brought the whole ques- tion to light. The selected picture, ait; two oil paintings-one by Mr. J. R. Ash- ton, "Sydney from Neutral Bay," the other by Mr. J. B. Lahcy, of Brisbane, "Falls at. Tambourine Mount," and a water-colour by Sir. R. Randall, "A Scene Near Ip_wich (Q.)." A »umber of samples of black and white woik were ul-io sent in, but have not yet been .considered. Tendéis arc to be called at once for reproduction» of the pic- tures in colours and in black and white. Amongst the promises made by Mr. Bent when the Estimates were under considera- tion in the l-cgislatiie Assembly was one lo the effect that he would inquire into the oigdiii-uliou of the Public Work-, depart- ment. This promise has been revived owing lo Hie dilliculty which has ari. cn in connection with the extensive works which .ire necessary under the votes for public buildings authorised in tho U-thnatcs. The sum of £90,000 was voted for the construc- tion and improvement of schools mid teachers' residences, and recently Air. Bent asked the director of Education (Mr. Talc) for a statement as to how the works under this vote were progressing. The answer he received Mas the subject of a statement bv the Premier yesterday. "I find," said Mr. Bent, "that over 50 proposed build- ings have been sent on lo the Public Works department, and I have been told that they are being delayed, because there are not sufficient men in the department to cope with the woik. I fchall have to wiry out my promise to look into the Public Work« department, and I propose to start at once." Referring to the general question of state Behool buildings, Mr. Bent utid it appeared lo linn that half i million would be io* quiieil to put tie building*, ind teachers lesidencea in piopei oldei Consideiablc interest is being til cn I15 Air Bent in the 1101k nt pic ent in piogicss of reel inning the West Alclbourne Swamp Hie ritmici -nnounced \cslerd*i> that ho ind Air Aliclei would go thoroughlv into the iinttoi m the course of the next few d 13 s ] iisleid of Hu on nig the silt fi oin hil bom impioiemont norls into the bil, it proposed to utilise it in 1 using the eiel of the s« amp We ire thinl ing of running a lailn 13 01 ei this mci pud Mr Pent and I intend to hue i chat 11 ith Air J mt tho Chief Commission« of lîailnajs ibout it ' ' No new sistem of nominated pissiges has been nloplcil bs the Coi eminent announced Mi. Bent jesteidai 'but ne I1110 lendeicd «orne is istance to lesidents of the state who nie in.iona to bung friends out fiom ] ngland Mr Bent ex plained tint he li id been nppioiched bl seieril peuons who desned to arrange foi pi-ssages foi fi ¡ends and relatives fioin Lng land but not hnnng the full amount of money io secure tin ihejp late concession foi immigrants they had isl ed lum to ne cept n deposit and to ainnge foi the pas siges Ho liad piomteed to facilitate their an ingénient» but the whole of the passigc money would line to be found by the pel son at this end It is simply a matter of comemenee I idded the Pieimer, 'ind we gue thein time to find the bilanoo of the monov Jt only applies to tinco ot four eases, and the, total amount nnolicd is onli about £o0 t am not puting with much monos. I can tell you " he added ' Our 01111 people ] these aro icall. to tho land 1 snid he was ]. aie to be settled first, but * our own people" Kef ei ung uestion gcncialh Mr Bent oking oiort tlio Clown hinds that nero ava [able Instead of buying pn \ato land ho ¡Vended impionng and ¡land ing 01 el some of the C101111 lands lo the Closci Settlem nt Board «0 that that body could go on v,_Jli its 1101k of settling people on the land Hie plint anil buildings committee of the Mctiopohtan Tue Bug ides Bond lecom mended to till hoaid jestotdnj tint special leport, Jiunishcd by the chief ofhcci lelative to theilccenl lue in AVillachs buildings, I hzalicth sticet, and the general question of the! pi election of the city and dislnct from fin; should be taken into eon sidet ltion when the estimates foi 1008 weie consideied at a Jpecial mooting of the board to be held on Jinuaij 17 At the meek g of the &t; "Kilda Come leiy Trust jesteduj, passing reference was made to Mr A A Peienll s leport rcgaid mg the minagen ent of the cemetery Mi II G Turnei (elkmnun) stated that a copy of the report hal not set ofiieially reached the trust, but li ero w as one portion in it as published in mention It ivis t m relation to the prcbs that desened 1 the effect thit the eli ugo fair competition in giaie dceontmg and nninlenanec ' had not hoon pioiod 1 hat eli had been mainly the inquiry (Li As a result of tesbury Torcal, t ige (added the chairman) the cause of sti»nng up tighter ) 1 recent visit to tho Hes le ducetor of Agriculture (Dr Cheirv) sa's he is eominced of the ultiimte \aliio of the land ind tho complete succors of the ncthods that hu\e been ndopted with a ,iew lo prcpinng it foi cultnation At the experimental farm three acre*? of oats had »eon cut foi has, »ni- nal» j îclded oi er one ton and a half to tlie acre Three actes of potatoes and three acres of mni/e weie loolatg renmhably well, pio bablj as good as bny crop m the Westein district isninller plots of millet 11 cigrass and mu lotis elovem were looking well nud the ljegtass purtukil lily had become spion didlv established j for a single scison e gi on th Hie diaxiage woiks which wore eil ned out 12 months ago on the expon m"ntnl farm had Mt tai ed tlie ippearance of the whole of the neighbouring pinn and the land ms non ppcticilli du The area dunned 111 this 11 if wis uliout 1000 acres Hie eontrietois foilthc clcinng and plough ing of the dr lined I ind had completed the clearing and bid (nido a start with the ploughing ihe di jo plough ind the trie* tion engine appeal«1 to hue completely oiercome the dimciltics of the 1101k turn mg out the glass tile root« nnd cutting up the dense fibrous nu», w Inch prci n led >n tho uppei Gin of the so 1 Di Cherri ex plumed that the nut i li eut into nn_ll slices and exposed to the an, sun and the wcathei The following tcielieis llaie bien selected by the I dueition depaitijicnt foi liomin 1 tion to studentships in connection with oven mg leetuie enutses of thej Melbourne Uni \ersity foi 1008 Bv the Unncrsitj rogu lations 40 teiehcis nias ty nominated each 3 eui Of this numbei 2* tcacheis uro se iectcd foi the fust time Selection for 1908 -A \ Briggs, AV li Bullied Maud M Claik, H 1" Dunn Julinu, limn L Gal laghei, 4 AV Hatfield, TO Al llobbs, A J Hnuset, Mary Hutton, 1] Jones A Mes loi S Moi sei Isa _«[ Michie! H S O'Neill, A AV -'cny GÍV Boiter, II AV Pari ci, J Shuip, Kate **veetuun Hannah Simpson, \ \ J îppiiK Pupheini 1 Arro land, \ AVileocl Plie finit jem students me-P G Atehison J ¡A Bajfoid, W T Pishop, I II Charles, Ct Clarkson, G b1 lmgsen, A\ \ 1 mpey, f AV Johnson, A AV I-Ubsoll, T 1 Spow¡-frt E L Willung ton 11 AI \1m1tago (790a), K T Smith (1900) wlulc the second ycir student« aro II AV. Bjrno, V J freen, and AV, C Johns Referring to tho depliture on luesdaj bv the KM S Mongol 1 of Archbishop Clarke to attend the L mbeth Confeience of Bishops at London, the ' Messcngci the orgin of the Presb tenon Chuich io inuiks -"We note also the significance of Di Mell lejohn's depailiue 101 the old country in the same \o',el that caines the Archbishop W e hope bev will friternise togethei in London, in 1 that Dr Mell le lohn, as the first niodentoi of the United Presbytcmn Chinch of IVustr iii 1 mil Pas mama, will baie some < ppoitumh of com mending that laigei ill ¡on 111 deliberating ibout which here in : Iclbouine he has taken such un nctne ¡ait ' In de-ivei ing judgmen reccnth 111 the Ad mirally Court m Loud n lespecting a sal vage claim made by tie on neis of the steuner lantalus foi s rviees rendered to the Austrihan tridei lcitunitus when the lattci xessol went nshcic on a reef off lloics Island, Mi lusteo Bucl mil paid a high compliment to Captain Muidoch Mac- donald, of the str indcil ste-imci ind ilso to the captain of the laátilus these men, he lemaiked, had acted .with promptitude courigo and oncrgj mi 1er extreméis ililli cuit ciicunistances neithei of them losint his held foi a momcnl The lot, of the l'oitunntus indicated that hei mistci was fully appreciatiic of the right thing to do, and did it, whilst too much pt 11 e could not ilso be given to the master of the lan talus foi the inunnci m which he ctrued out his dillieult duties Hie silvuge au aid wis fixed bj the judgo it 15 02) of which the owners of the 1 intilus loceiie £J87a the ciptnin 1400 the chief olficci and cn gmeer LIjO eieh othei olheets being le ivaidcd 111 proportion to seniees lendcied A. decision ¡,i\cn list month b3 mn"is trates al Bendigo w is the subject in ittel of in application made to Air Justice <_ Beckett m the Practice Couit jester diy lnoininc, Charles Audio« president o the Bendigo United I nendlj ¡societies Medical Institute and Dispensary ins le cused bj George Hugh P ise d a member of the same institution, of having refused to pioduee certain books rcl ltmt lo tho jin in ces of the institution and of li ivinj, thereby eontnvened section 11, »iib section I ot the Piicndly ¡.oractics Act of 1890 Hie Ben difco mugistritcs who hoard the ease held that the defend int h ixl been euilti of such a contravention, and ordered lum to pay X1 pen tit*« and £2/11/6 costs Mt Crocker (Alcssrs Connells and Ciockei) non tsked Ali lustieo V Beckett foi 111 ordci ni 1 to 101 ion the miifeistratcs decison Ile men tioned tbit the endenee shoncd that Pas cal rcqnestcd the secretan of the Dispcn siiy to pioduee some books The secrcturj (Cox) said that ho would speik to the pie sident ( Vndieiv) and nftei hiving spol on to \ndrew wiote to riscal saiing tint ho (Pascal) lould onlj get the information he n anted though the dclegites of his lodge It w is pointed out bj Mi Croekei that Andrew had not himself boon asked not bad ho refused to gue anj inlounatioii and that even if he had been asl ed in person he could well hive replied tint ho was not the bodv which possessed an 1 could pioduee the books Aloieovei there was cot)Hut of endcnio us to \u11011s miitteis Alt Ina tico *_Beclctt ¡.unite 1 the 01 dei to io lien \bout 1111 bom ind a h ill w is occupied bv Ali liislice V Beel ett with the helling of 111 gent Chambei applications as 1 leition iudne in the Pnetice Coull ycstcidny mom mg \mongst the matteis broiii-hl bofoie linn was in ipplicntion bj Ali \\\ I .ne! 01 in connection nilli the iffuiis of Aliases leila and Mai j Haine which line foi some time past iccciicl much ittcntion III the lui Comts Hie applieition was made on boll ilf of AIiss Alni j linne ind 111s foi the setting n«ide of 11 judgment signed against hoi bv default in favour of the Bank of Australasia on DoceinbeL 12 last for £535 The bank's claim was for a balance of money said to b3 duo to them iflei the «ale foi £2 000 of n pioperty know n n-iAlcn-.ii iilueli'nil been muilgiigcd lo them in consideiation of inonev lent Under the mortgage coicuint entcied into lie tucen "Miss Hum and the Hank the mort gilgie lind tlie light to sell it ills con tended m fui out of Hu ipphcition ii Inca lins suppoitcd li> m .flidui it m ide by _i*s Lull linne, thal there lind not been due -xi uto ol the summons in eonncetion 111th the piocecdings bv the Bull tint tile de fond mt hid a good defence in connection willi whit nasreillv I linst piopctti, and tint sin oughl lo bo allowed to enter in ippeii mee m defence of the action It w is tilled on beh lit of the bank bv Air Leslie AMuto (of Alc- st s Moule, Hamilton, ni\d Ki Idle) that Hiele ins no propel giound foi the ipphcition mil that the judgment 01 ghi to stund II ii is mentioned tint i pi loi ippln itmn of n hie inline lu Miss Man Hivne had boen ufused Mi Ins tiee .'Bellett disini« eil the- application put befoie lum with cosls 'the Metiopolit in lue Bli¿ides Bonni lesleidn i sued i genei ii oulei c\pi cs'ing the entue s itisf letion of the bond mth the clbcient ninnnci In -«huh the oflicei» Hld meinlieis of the 1 ne Bngiule had pel 'ouned tluu duli dilling the paît tun _ he nnifoim good conduct of tin men was also lefcued to, ind the chief olhcei (Mi Stein) Mas icqiiestcd to notus the membeis of the bug ide of the bonds s itisi ictioii It was recenllv announced that m mi port mt concession h id been made bv the f omniissionors of "3 ii mgi Hani s m illow ing i dcpositoi,, if propeilr identified to (li aw np to £2 *it in j of the !S7 ofiicc*. of the filings Bulls in Vieloui A further concession is non announced in the sh ino of an irrangenieut for inters! itc Irinsfers beUeen Victoiu \en South Wiles South Australia and Western Austrahi under iilm.li on paj mont of exchange ti-insfei* mai be made from ind lo the ¡_ ii nigs Banks of these states I his lrrungranent his been m force nilli AVostcin \ustrnlii since Junu in 1, 1007 ind is non extended to the tn o other states mentioned Sii ings Bank depositors m uni one of these stiles may non obtain their monos m anv otlici At the request of the ANA 1 xlulntion and 1 etc Committee, Mis I mil lui Peter son lins consented to conduct the Women s Chou once more ii the 1 xlnbition build mg during the forthcoming I xlnbition oi Vusti alum Mnnufuctm es ind Pi odiiets Hie proposed performance depends now en tirely on the lndmdinl willingness on the pari of the membeis of the choir lo lake put in it Hiev aro requested to communi cito without delay with the secretan (Mrs Pnuh Carter), al Messis -.Ihn and Co s, Collins slieel Onli membeis of the Women's J xlubitioii Choir mai take part in the pcrfoi manee m hieb at the icquest of the committee mil include the most sue cessful numbers from the Women's Exhibí tion programme 'I he til st rehe-irsal will be hold m the Guild hull Swanston street, on Snttndni evening, rebruarv 8, the second on the 12th, and the concert, if arranged us proposed, on '.¡aturda*«, lebruirs 1. Among the passenger? Viv the incoming Geunan mail slcnmer is Mi Max Schluy toi the Danish violinist, who paid a hurried Msit to Australia three or four vcais back Ho intends giving a series of recitals in Mel bourne and Sydney on his ii ay through to America The annual picnic anti sports meeting of the Mc troiiolitan Board of Works util he held ut Queeni ollff on Saturday The Hip-ell Ins been chartered for the occasion and -«ill le-ivc Port Melbourne it U oi lock callum; at Merrllioe on the «ay to Queenscliff There util be a band on hoard lo I lyn au lion sales are as follows -Mown lîeiticlninp Brothers at their rooms Collins street, household furniture Messrs Bavlce and Co at their rooms Collins street sporting goods electro plate kc Mr lames \ M Ise at his rooniR Col lins street household furniture Messrs M U Molls mil Son at their rooms Cl- nendon street South Melbourne household furniture 