CABLE NEWS. Some and. Foreign, FRAUD BY a, MINISTER of JUSTICE London, September 10, M. Albert!, who until recently oc cupied lie position of Minister of Justice in the Danish. Government, has been arrested for forgery. He vbo a director of thg Peasants' paving Bank of Zealand, and. it is stated that he defrauded that institution of the sum of £500,0Q0. ' " V September 11. The dpfaicajjpns of Alberti amount to £1,000,000, WANT oy EMPLOYMENT IN GLASGOW. The unemployed in Glasgow, who, •re well organised, are commencing midnight marches throng!} the wealthy suburbs. Children pnder. the age. of Eve .years •re being provided at Glasgow with three free meals daily. REJECTED BF CANADA. Daring the past six months 1034 immigrants have beep, deported from ! Canada, and 486 have been refused ad mission. SEQUEL TO ANTJ-GAMB|JNG DAW A6 a seqpr 1 to the operation of• the anti-gambling law it is announced tljat August Belmont, one. of- the most prominent racehorse owners in America, and. others associated with the, turf there, are transferring their racing stables to France. THE "TI/YfES" ON AUSTRALIAN MATTERS. The London "Times," in a leading article this morning refers to the de parture of Lord Northcote, and pays a high trjbnte to him apd his successor, Lord Dudley. r •Dealing with the question of iuimi gration the "Times"'urges thje Aus tralian States to forthwith make a virtpe of an impending necessity, and addB tl^at ps the. igain poster, of, thq purse will shortly devolve upon. the Commonwealth they niizbt, save much, overlapping of effort and. expenditure. The <* Times ". considers tha^ it is mure than time that a High Commis sioner was appointed to represent the Commonwealth in London. GERMAN INTERFERENCE. Germany is causing, troublo. in Morocco, through seeking the release, of the notorious' E^aid. The other Rowers have claims arising out of this officials robberies apd extortions/ AERIAL RE90RQ:. Orvjlle Wright, has lowered-the aeroplane record by travelling 38,miles in 62 minutes, September 14< A German military airship, con-. Strncted to the design of Major Gross, recently .sailed with two people aboaril for 13 Jhours without stopping, the dis tance covered beipg 187$ miles. This achievement bea^, Count Zeppelin's record. SQIJTH^. AUSTRALIAN, L September 11. A' South. Australian Ic^q has. been issued at £97,. 10g(. Th^j prpspeclus invites holders of maturing 4_,per cents to convert them into an equal amount of 3$ per cents, with a c^sli payment, of 37/6 per cent., holders retailing the January coupon for payment .when due. Applications close on the 15$h iast.K and for conversion on the 22nd. HUGE BATTLESHIPS. At Portsmouth yesterday Countess fieaucharap launched the St. Vincent, 19,500 tons, another battleship of the Dreadnought type. The Brazilian Dreadnought, Mm as Gerda^, 21,000 tons, was also launched yesterday. BRITAIN.AND GERMANY. September 14. Prmce Biielow, the Germau Chan cellor, in an interview with a repre sentative of the ".Standard," ridiculed the suggestion of naval rivalry between Germany and Britain. Re said it was sheer nonsense to state tljat Germany considered .Britain's naval supremacy to he an obstacle to Germany's ambi tions. NEWCUOWN JEWELS. T^e two stones ipto which the. Ouliinan diamond was recently divided after lieiqgResented for setting in the King's ccowi^ aqd SQpptre, have now passed thrpugh the lapidary's bauds. Tj»e eqaaljer.stone weighs. 330,-oarats, or,9Q carats more than the Excelsior, the previous largest diamond. Toe larger stone weighs 600 canite, and in the open, marjtgt would , be worth £3,250,000. 