THE WEEK'S CABLES. (REUTER'S' MESSAGES.) Nine Cardinals, including Cardinal Moran, of Australia, and Cardinal .Vanutelli, the Papal legate for Great Britain, will be in London simultaneously in September ia ooamoction with a Eucharistic Congress. Thu Culiinan diamond presented to tho King .-by- -the Transvaal has boon cut in tw0 beautiful whito stones. One will be placed in. the King's crown, and - tho other in his' sceptre. ? '- '. A number of prominent Australians hayo formed a syndicate for tho- purpose. o£ pl&c-;' inaj motor taxicabs iii Australia, comine*c iJif? in tho city of Melbourne. The necessary capital baa been subscribed for the purchase of .Renault cabs, and tho company will b« floated in Australia. Mr. Percy Hunter, of tha(1New South wales Intelligence Department, rig inquiring into tho work of immigration afiwiits in the coun try districts of England. ' Ho' will afterwards make inquiries ait German ? watering places respecting tourist arrangements, and will leave on September 18 for Canada, where he will mako further .inquiries in regard to im migration. ; Owing to the many recent accidents in va rious parts of England, and the dilliculty. experienced by the police in controlling mo tor cars, an Anti-Motorist League has boon started for the purpose of checking reckless driving. Burley Hall, Oakham, Butland, England, was burnt to tho ground last night. Tho guests, which included Mr. Winston Church ill, President of the Board of Trade, escaped. Prioelosa tapos tries and historical letters and paintings .woro destroyed. The damage is oabimated at £50,000. j [ An impressive service of thanksgiving at i St. Paul's Cathedral concluded the Lam | betli Conference. Over 200 Archbishops and t Bishops wearing the Convocation robes form ed a procession. The aged Bishop of Mis souri preached the sermon, and the 'Arch-, of Sydney (Dr. Saumarez Smith) was one of the celebrants at Communion. Erichson, leader of tho -Danish expedition to explore Greenland, with two companions, was driven out to sea on an ice-floo. 'All perished. The expedition succeeded in chart ing tho whole coast of North- Eastern Green land. Mr. J. W. Tavornor (Agent-General for Victoria) conducted Mr. C. Hamilton Wickea (Trado Commissioner), through the Austra lian court at the Franco-British Exhibition. Mr. VViokes considers that the exhibits are I ni line advortisement for the Commonwealth. [ He sails from .England for Australia in Oc tober. Tho personalty of the late Lord Derby's estate lias been sworn at £752,139. The value of tlie estate, real and personal, is £3,777,139. The death duties amount to half a million. A Royal Commission, with Professor Rhys as chairman, has been appointed to make an inventory , of ancient monuments, I and to inquiro into their construction, in. ! Wales, and to specify those most worthy of preservation. . King Edawrd reriowed the Channel Fleet at Portland, and afterwards lunched with Admiral Lord Charles Beresford, commander of the Fleet. In tlia match- Surrey r. Middlesex, Marshall scorud 108 runs. Playing in tho matc.il Worcester v. Laneasliiro, J. CufTo-mado 120 runs, i Tho Earl of Dudlay, Govarnor-General desig nate of tha Australian Commonwealth, has left Ottawa, Canada, for Vancouver, British Col umbia. During the progress of the racing at Cowcs regatta, tlio Marquis of . Ailsa's- yacht Blood Hound fouled the L'sporanco. The formor sank. Many yachts including: King Edward's, sent launches to tho rescue of ; tlie. Marquis and his friends. : -.. The 'Lancet' states; that Mr. Joseph Chambor lain'a medical . advisers consider that his health has preatly improved. Ho is keenly interested in politics, and his mind is as alert as ever. Miss Ada Crossley and party have sailed in. tho R.M.S. : Orontes. ^ Miss Crossley had enormous audiences at the closing of her provincial con certs. Seven thousand-, people attended her con cert at :Llandudno, ^Carnarvon,' Wales. Invtho returns prepared by the Board of Tiado regarding tlio trado for July, compared with tho same .month;: of last yoar; imports showed a de crease of 1 .£5, 434, 739, exports a decrease of .£6,746, | 606, re-exports a decroaso of iGl, 077,363. ' | -The death is. announced of the Marqnis di I Rudini, , :for -two terms Premier of Italy, aged | 69 years. Fioncli members of tho jury on colonial wines i at, tho /Franco-British ^Exhibition at Shepherd's Bush withdrew, bobause ? they considered that tho I luajoir ;,sp.art of-: ;.the ., wines ' submittod bore an - indication which might mislead buyeis as! to', .the -place - .. of origin, such' us ' Australian! burgundy. / ' British jurors tasted all tlie ivnieB and report that Australian! .winegrowers havo made great strides, especially in white wines. An Order-in-Council, has been gazetted re voking tlio orders prohibiting the importation in to tho United/Kingdom of sugar from Denmark, Russia, Argentina, and Spain, : . which are not parties to the Sugar Convention. , It will be pos sible after September 1 to import freely- from any country. ' 1 Tho Freetrado Congress lias appointed an inter national committee to promote'- froetrade. Tlio Adolplii restaurant constitutes the now Queensland, offices. v, Tlio -building .requires little alteration. ; It was known- among theatricals as WW -Marble, Jtlall— because of its elaborate decora tions. - A cloud burst which ocourred at Szegedin, Hungary, destroyed a factory, which buried 100 workmen' beneath its ruins. Four dead bodies and ,14 workmen, who were soverely woundod, woi o removed from the ruins. Soventy of the workmen are still missing. \- Two now steamers which aro to be built for the Wliito Star lino will each bo 860ft long, ' with- a tonnage of between 45,000 and 50,000,5 and a speod between 19. and 20 knots. - .Tho .death is , announced of Mr. Robert Watson, tlio oldest master of foxhounds in the United Kingdom. Hampshire boat Kent by one wicket, and Surroy beat Middlesex. ? Tho German training ship Freya ran down the fishing schooner Maggie May in a dense fog oil' the Newfoundland banks. Nino of tho schooner's crow woro drowned. Tho ofitnto of the late Sir William Farmer, of Far mor and Company, Limited, the well-known Syd ney merchants, has been valued at .£41,683. As a military precaution Austria has prohibited live pigeons from entering tho Empire without the permission of tho military authorities. A gigantic hotel is being built in tho Strand, on tho site, of Exeter Hall,., for which 20 Boalo pianos have been purohased at Shepherd's Bush. The Bloemfontein Assembly has deleted tho pensions of the officials of tho old Orange Free State, including that of the Chief Justice. Cowfold Lodge, at Horsham, tho scat of Mr. A. Labouchere, has been destroyed by ftro. Mr. Hill, on bohalf of the Australian Olympic team has written to the Olympic Council, thank ing tho British public for their hospitality and kindness. The team, he says, will leave Eng land with the most pleasant recollections, and ; will always testify to the sportsmanlike quali- ; ties of tho British people. , , , Mearns, the Scottish champion- swimmer, after/ a' 14 hours' swim across the Straits of v Dover, reached to within tliroe miles of Calais, when lie' i collapsed in the water and was rescued with dif ficulty owing to the darkness. General Booth lias started, on a . two montlis'-'i tour through South Africa. . i Swell-mobsmen at night broke into Templeton House, Barnes, the residence of Lord Wimborne, and abstracted .£2000 worth of art treasures. Sir l'rancis Jdopwoou, 1'ermanenc unciersec retary for the Colonies, has been created a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St. Michael and St. George (G.C.M.G.). x Frank Beaurepaire, of Victoria, won the 440 yards Saltwater Swimming Championship, at Weston-super-mare. ' The time was 4miu 59 2-5secs. Beaurepaire beat Battersby by a yard and a half. Radmiloric and Springfield (Queens- , land) tied for third place. Taylor did not com pete.: . ' '-I Two subalterns in the Second -Battalion of Buffs have been cashiered, and three otherB sen tenced to a loss of a year's seniority for 'ragging' a now officer. The 'Times' estimates the condition of the British wheat crop at 91.1 per cent. Dorando, the Italian runner; who finished first in the Marathon race at the Olympic Gaines, but who was disqualified owing to the assistance fur nished him, received an ovation on his return to Turin. -He was almost smothered by om braces and kisses. .' As the result of an appeal by tho Pan- Anglican Congress, a number of Anglican clergymen are leaving to work in New Zealand. The first batch has sailed by the steamer. Turakina. The Arclibisliip of Canterbury states that -£125,000 out of .£3-15,000 constituting, the Pan- Anglican thanksgiving offering, has already been allotted to specific objects by the donors. In distributing tho balance, the clerical and educational needs of tho north-west of Canada, and parts of Aus tralia, New Zealand, and the South Seas, will bo borne in mind. 