MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS 1 * Soveiity-riinc Sydney hotels are about to be closed under local option law. An Oakloigh milkman was fined £15 for adulterating milk with 28 per cent, of water. Dkath katk iJKCKKASEir.— ' The 'Chicago t Tribune' in a recent article on what nied' real science has been able to accomplish for the benefit of humanity, drew particular at tention to the fact that stand# pro-eminent ill the light of reliable Btalhitica, via., that the death rate of the world has, through it* agency, been positively decreased, One.of the chief factor* in this decrease ia the mor vellous success which is nowadays attained* in the treatment ol that ratal type ol thscasa classified under the heading of 'Luug Trouble*'. This accomplished by the use of Mr, Sheldon's New Discovery, for Coughs Colds and Consumption. Modern liicdicine can point to no more marvellous achievement thrin the perfecting of this grand, unfailing suecitic cure, which mm be relied on u- save tlie lives of all that take it in time. Guar anteed to cure, or money back. Price, ls6d and 3s. Obtainable at J. D. M'Kenzio's, Benalla, and W. J. Tonkin, Thoona mid Goorambat. At oflicial inquiry into loss of etLeanior Orion, it was found that »ho was over loaded. Government are about to erect a hos pice ou Mount Buffalo, which will cost about £10,000. I)K, Siiki. don's Magnetic Liniment will relieve at once Rheumatism. Lumbago, Lame Back, Cuts, Bruises, or burns' and con tinued application will effect a cure in a remarkably short time. Obtainable at J. I). M'Knnzie'ii Benalla, and W. J. Tonkin, Thooiia and ( iooraml-at. Several valuable horses died in Picola district recently. Deaths attributed to chaff adulteration. Japanese aud insurgent Korean troops are still tightiug. The latter had 542 killed, and 218 captured. Tut; i.atnst and the bent remedy for cheat , ...... O, .... I u i. !»,. VI. ..1,1,...'.. XT-... n: ? ' »« uiiuiuuu n nrw vfiry forCaiuhs, Colds, rud Consumption, It, cures when nil else fails, Obtainable at J. D. M'Keiuie-a', Benalla, aud W. J. Tonkin, Thoona and Goorambat. Two Rochester employers wet* fined !0/ each for paying wages in a public house, which is agaiust the law. - For Children's Hacking Cough at Night, Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. ls.8d Matt named Frederick Gnn. i-an-«nt nr of Rand wick, suicided last week by cut ting his throat with a tomahawk. On Friday last the Castertou Freezing Works forwarded to London by steamer Dorset 2,4 1H crates of fro/, on rabbits. The winter session of tho Dookie Agri cultural College will close ou 6th August. There will be a vacation of one mouth. Whether resulting from a sprain or from rheumatic pains, there is nothing ho good for a lame shoulder as Chamberlain's Pain Balm. Apply it freely and rub the parts vigorously at each application and a quick cure is certain. For sale by Benulla Phar macy and all dealers. State Hotel at Gwalia, W.A., which originally cost the Government £6700, has returned a profit of £9600 in five years. Steamer Geoloug arrived in Adelaide with a number of agricultural immigrants r.... V..... ? ? I. ? ? J or, j ? i* IW1 i'en UUUI.I1 rritieo, itllU OU UOIIiesLlU servants. A SURE HOPE. It's very nice no doubt to note We have a certain sway, And that our solitary vote May gain or lose a day. But there's a satisfaction sure, And one feels thankful, too, That Luvo-Tonic Pills will cure When uotning else will do. I A V7l 'IV1XTK - 1111 T t: ,..1.1 ? I ? m iJ'i'W- j vniv i iiiuo, xo«u ai'iu I/O. for sale by Thomson & Co. The Victoriau swimmer, Beaurepaire* secured second place in tho 400 metres* swimming contest at Franco-British Ex hibitiou. Immediate stops arc to be taken by . state Miuistry to put into etfi'ect a decision to devote £100,000 to tho encouragement of tho miuing industry. Danish cyclist, Ellegaard, who iutonds visiting Australia this season, recently defeated Major Taylor and Poulain in a coutest over three distances at Paris. \f . .-. o...... ? ? ? ..ii, , . .'i.nw oimr, i'U -ir3 — ur. OIIOIUOII S New Discovery for Coughs, Golds, and Con sumption is the most wonderful discovery in medical science of the 20th century, ft is the result of over 20 years' chemical re search of one of America's must prominent physicians, I)r. K. Sheldon, a. graduate of the New York City and Bellovu.o University. No sufferer from lung troubles can afford not to try this remedy. Obtai uablo at J, D, M Keuzie s, Benalla, and W- J. Tonkin, Thoona and Goorambat. St. Arnaud agricultural' society offer prizes for rabbit scalps. It is alleged that trappers sculp the Joes and allow them to 'to. in order t.hat t.lmv hvnerl. Rich quartz reef, 3ft„ wide, has been discovered at Honrobusli. Portion of the reef was pounded in » mortar, aud one dish yielded 60 oz. of excellent quality gold. W-kk1s' Great Popperiu'dnt (Jure, For coughs and cold,, never fails. 1/6. Medical man named Walker, of Hud derstield (England), 'has been arrested for bigainy. Accused had gone through the marriage ceremony with no less than 11 women. Likk Insukancb means keeping a bottle of Bonnington's fcrish Moss in the house ready for instant iaso when roquired. Bon iungton's is tho utaudard cough aud cold cure. Pleasant titi take and always reliable Steamer Dorset left Sydutey last week with a shipment of 420 horK«8 for German i West Africa, tliey having beieu bought by the German Government lf/»r the use of , tho cavalry there. Subiaco (W. A~) egg laying competition J won by Padman's white leghorun. Six i pullets laid 1,411 eggs in twelve months. ' In the duck competition, 6. Thomson's Indian runner*) won easily, with 1,571 «gg«. Wkt FKF.T off*sn result in a heavy eoltf. negiec.y oi wniijn means pneumonia or con sumption. A positive preventative of these qN is Dr. Sheldon's Now Discovery, for Coughs, Colds, and Consumption, Small dose. Pleasant to take. Every bottle guar anteed. Price Is. 6d. aud Us. Obtainable at J. l'». M'Kenaie's, Benalla, and W. J. ' lonkin, Thoona aud GoorambaU Adelaide fruit exporter lost £1,000 this seasow, through losses on apples. Tho average price secured for Australian apples was 7/ per case, whereas exporters must recqive 10/ por case, before they get back thoir expenses. Bill to amend the Artificial Manures Acts states that all brands of rttauure»i are to bo registered before 1st December in each year. The chemical analysis must be stated, together with the retail price | per ton. j A liarrl WmLrimf wnniiin IIUIIIM#! un«if» With weakness was prostrated quite, Her sickness seemed chronic, But pills La.xo-Toniu Set her nerves and her liver alright. LAXO-T0NIC PILLS IWJ and 1/6. For sale by Thomsoa A Co. Graziers of Stratford are agitating to { remove the restriction, fat one mnutJi i against destruction of kangaroo. They I state that their properties are overrun with them, owing to the scarcity of feed in tne ousn couutry. J?onmnc;t«-n's Ikisii Moms can bo had troinanv chemist or store. It is the univer sal remedy tor influenza, roughs and colds As afe and pleasant inediurine tor children as well as adults. Four-year-old boy iinined Reytuoud, while on his way hoaiei with a bottle of eucalyptus, drew the uot*k and. drank half the Ixjttle. He soon collapsed, and was taken to the Melbourne; Hospital. The lad is now out of dangar. Mr. W. Slouue, of Yarr awonga, the wull- known rifle shot, secured second place iu the King's Pri ze a L Edinburgh r ifle a^ouiation meeting, wl iich was won by Sergeant Omu- und»en. Mr, Sloano also shot well, in othcrty vontfi. | 