•- • RETURN OF MR. KIDSTOW. PREFERENTIAL TRADE. THE POT USE MAIL SfeHVICE Amongst tbe passengers l)>* tli9 K.M.S. Oroya Is Mr. W. KiUstoii. Premier ot Queensland, who has Ueeu on an extended vl*lt to Great Britain. When interviewed by au "Age" representative at Fiemautle, lie said llmt tlie Torres Straits shipping service to Queensland, which he had been fortunate enough to tfi up. will be a 52 days' one between Brisbane and England. The boats will run once a month. The contractors are the British- India Shipping Companv. The arrangements with the company contains conditions for adequate provision or cool storage, and in that wiy trade will be encouraged. M that the mall service was a subject that Australia would have to consider la the near futuie. He did not refer to the all red routed as that must De regarded as quite distinct trom any other sei-vlee. Under the present arrangement, by which Freiuantle was made the lirst and last port of call, Brisbane was loft too fur awav in connection with tlie distribution" of mail matter. The time was coming when a very big scheme of boat aud railway services would be initiated ou an Australian Dation.il basis. They must recognise Port Darwin as the iuitural mall steamer port of Australia, and In time It would become sueli In actual. Ily. He did not think that any sane man would propose the construction of a railway from Port Darwin to Adelaide, but In tlmo the present Port Dnrwlu railway line would bo continned through the pastoral districts of Quecusland, with a Junction, probably at Htmgerford, from which point all the capitals, with the exception of Perth, would be about equally distant, or lu any case equallr accessible. The Western Australian railway should also be constructed", but even then Western Australia would not be so advantageously placed as the others, but with Port Darwtu as the tlrst and last port-of call, an alternate mall route should be maintained, so that steamers would cucircle Australia, the boats alternately coin" by Queensland «nil Western Australia, nnd returning In the opposite direction The matter of secnrinc suitable immigrants was one to which Mr Kldston paid dose ntlention. He fa and It surrounded by verv manv grave difacuities. Canada offers Inducements lo settlers tliut Australia does not possess, and the chief of these is nearness. ISexMes that, Canada spends op to something like £200,000 a year In advertising, whereas the Australian States scarcely make themselves known. The selection of suitable immigrants was nlso a difficult one Canada does not possess miy tcruiila.! A good average class of people were Kolng out lo Queenslnnd, but ot course, It must be admitted that some were [ffcety enough not to be all that Queensland could wish for. There was a great deal to be doup by Australia in the way of making advertising effective. Tbe railway companies of Canada, as owners of vi_v areas of land, wore enabled to olfW great inducements to immigrants, but In Australia, where the States were the owners of the railways aud the adjoining lands, they ivere not ill a position to offer similar Inducements. Jlr. Kldston spoke at Glasgow on tbe suu- Ject of preferential trade. Iiu found tbe trade depression very keen, particularly In connection with the iron, coal, and shipping Industries. in Queensland the secondary Industrie* are still in a primitive condition, hu eald, and the greatest opportunities they had to offer peoeple were In connection with agriculture, but In Hug- Iiind, -where different conditions prevail, people felt the stress of competition, and It was becoming more recognised that there must lie a change In the fiscal policy of the couutry. In connection with preference, there was irn amusing Incident at Glasgow. He was entertained at lunch by (he Lord l'rovost, and llie gentleman who proposed tlie toast of his health complained that Austrnlin snowed a preference for German engines ajralnst those manufactured In Scotland. In reply, Mr. Kldston stilted that In such matters sympathy was regulated by price, aud perhaps It the people of Glasgow would purchase. Australian butter, Instead of Danish, the Australian people would show <an Increasing fondness for Glasgow engines. Following that up, he poluted but how, the financial phase of the question could be regulated by an adequate system of preferenye between tlie Mother Country and tbe States. A romantic eare?r lias ended Willi the death of Mr. 1! 'Vi'i.y B. Xi' It ,1, at the age of 47, at blf bciiutlful hum", Iunlsvule, Sun Jose, not for from Suit Francisco. It was Mr. Tlldeu, who well known iu Eig'.and IS years ago, who introduced Maie. Nordic-* to the musical world. He was the aon i millionaire vnrnisb man.'tiicturer, the hit Colonel Wii.iam 1'. !den. of New York. But, tli.ugh born In New York, Beverly Ti'.di n spent most ot his life In Euglaid, AmuuL- Ida friends were Mr. Beerbelim Tree, tlifr late Sir Henry Irvic;.', Mine. SuM.l Bernhardt, and manv other fatuous actors and musicia n, a lie walls ot his house, lnulsvule. are covered Wir'-l scores of autograph photographs ot celebrated people, most, nt them inscribed "To my dea* frVnd, Bob Tilden." Muie. Nordiea'? |>ortralt beart the inscription. "In 'Ueii. jry of :ny first success," Romance ot tho R.T.S.—In a corner of tbe Uel'.glous Tract Society's committee-room in London stands surely the most unique bookcase In the world. Certainly there Is none other to compare with it, unless it be in the library of that splendid eldest son of the Religious Tract Society, the British and Foreign Bible Society. I looked In •under and amazement at the contents of this bookcase, for It consisted of 3t)7 volumes of Bunyun's "Pilgrim's Progress," in 107 different languages and dialects, raugiug from French to Xvorean, from Dutch' to Maori, from Unelic to D.vak! One hundred ana forty-live thousand copies of Bunyau's great allegory had been sold during the past four years In English alone, while the number distributed from the Congo to Korea, and from the frozen Arctic to tlie summer Islands of Fiji nd Hawaii, is past all counting.— "Leisure Hour- Women suffer many a silent pain, obstructions of tbe Liver and Kidneys a tenderness at the Stomach Pit Torvld iver, and Inactive Bowels are some ot he causes. There is Co better remedy than Dr. KELLER'S BA71K-RVTES tot omen of &U; ages.—[Advt.1 