General Items. The Very Rev. Father Devlin, O.C.C., Pro-Provincial of the Carmelites in Australia, is to preach the panegyric on St. Patrick at 11 o'clock Mass at St. Patrick's Church, West-terrace, 011 Sunday next. Councillor Daniel O'Loghlen, of Clare, who was the victim of the strange shooting case reported in another co lumn, is a cousin of the Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin. When the Local Govern ment Act came into force, he defeated Lord Inchiquin, a county magnate, in the County Council election. The two O'Loghlens charged with being con cerned in the shooting are not relatives of the councillor. The "Register" had an excellent leader on St. Patrick's Day, but both morning papers gave miserable reports of the U.I.L. social. The second annual meeting of the Christian Brothers' Old Collegians' As sociation was held at Noonan's Globe Hotel, Broken Hill, on 13th inst., about 20 members of the association being pre sent. Mr. H. CDonohoe presided. The adoption of last year's balance-sheet and secretary's report was carried. The election of officers for the ensuing year resulted as follows:—Patron, the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wilcannia; president, Mr. H. O'Donohoe (re- elect ed) ; vice-presidents, Messrs. J. Noonan and J. Kelly; committee, Messrs. A. McDonald, I. Levien, D. Mullins, H. M. tary and treasurer, M. B. Kenny (re elected) . The chauffeur of Mr. Asquith, Chan cellor of the Exchequer, has been fined for furious driving. He pleaded privi lege in vain. Sir John Forrest (says the "W.A. Re cord") was feted in royal fashion 011 the goldfields. At all the banquets, and socials given in his honor be was eulo gised, as if he were more or less divine. The knight duly acknowledged all the nice compliments, and in several spee ches referred to his painful and helpless isolation in the Federal Parliament. A Sydney lady has obtained £500 damages from the " Sunday Times " for stating that she was engaged to marry a colored pugilist. On Monday afternoon Miss Edith Cade, teacher of elocution, received a telegram from her pupils who are tak ing part in the great A.N.A. competi tions in Melbourne, stating that Miss Iris Brady had been awarded the cham pionship for elocution^ with Miss Olive Duncan second, while Miss Marcia Gruneklee gained honorary mention. These three clever young ladies are pupils of Miss Cade's. There was a large number of entries, including Miss Carmen Wright and Miss Violet Clarke,, of this city. Terrible state of congestion revealed among poor in New York flats. Condi tions rival the sweating dens in the East End of London. At the recent supplementary Univer sity examinations for the degrees of Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Science, Mr. E. B. Jones passed his second year in anatomy, and Mr. J. J. O'Crady his third year in surgery. Mr. S. G. Goldsworthy also obtained a third class in the law of contracts in the March examination for the degree of Bachelor of Laws. All three are old pupils of the Christian Brothers' Col lege Japan is extending the fortifications at Port Arthur and Dalny. Enormous barracks have been built at each place, and are now full of troops. Miss Tittell Brune, the favorite ac tress, returned to Australia by the R.M.S. Ortona. She is under engage ment to Mr. J. C. Williamson, and opens in "Peter Pan" in Melbourne at Easter. The second reading of the Unemploy ed Bill was rejected by the House of Commons by 265 to 116. Twenty Na tionalists voted with the minority. During Cardinal Moran's visit to Ro torua, a luncheon of welcome was ten tered to His Eminence by Count Mor ner, Swedish Consul-General for Aus tralasia. Count Morner, speaking in Latin, welcomed His Eminence, and expressed his pleasure in meeting an old friend in Rotorua. The Cardinal re plied in the same language, compliment ed him on making a speech in Latin, and said that he nad not heard Latin used for twenty years for social pur poses. Canada is now enforcing drastic regu lations agaijjst undesirable immigrants. What wfll the defamers of the Com monwealth have to say about this? There is great dissatisfaction in Bris bane and Sydney at young Duhig, a pupil of the Christian Bros.' College, Mudgee, being passed over by the selec tion committee for the Queensland Rhodes scholarship. Duhig's record at the recent Sydney University senior ex amination excelled that of all other competitors. The High Court has reserved its de cision in the harvester excise appeal case, in which the questions of State rights and the new protection are in volved. The Duke of the Abruzzi, cousin of the King of Italy, who visitea Australia some time ago, is reported to be en gaged to Miss Kathleen Elkins, daugh ter of a senator of West Virginia. Mr. Elkins has the reputation of being a millionaire. The Queensland Government has in troduced a Bill to amend the Constitu tion so as to overcome Upper House obstruction. The February number of the " Hiber nian Journal," the organ of the Ancient Order of Hibernians in Ireland, is an anniversary number, the journal having completed its first year of existence. It has been enlarged, and promises to be of great benefit to the cause of Hiber nianism. Mr. Price, Premier of South Austra lia, was present during the debate in the House of Commons on the Unem ployed Bill. King Alfonso of Spain has returned safe from P.arcelona to Madrid. He did not, however, entirely escape the atten tions of anarchists, as before daybreak on the day of departure a bomb explod ed at the outer quay, close to where he was expected to pass later in the day. Coal crisis in New South Wales con tinues. Special Mining Court again ad journed owing to strikes in smaller mines. The vegetarian cafe recently started in Adelaide seems to be doing a good business. It affords Catholics an op Eortunity of a change of diet during ient. A similar cafe in Broken Hill should pay during the butchers' strike. A cable message reports that Walla cliian and Bulgarian bands of brigands have murdered all the monks of the Greek Church at the Gallapetro Monas tery, and six other Greeks at Caraferia, Macedonia. Miss Hattie F. Hopkins, a daughter of the well-known " Bulletin " artist, " Hop," is to contribute to an Aus tralian series of stories in the "New Idea." She is the author of a pretty little story in the March number of the magazine. Mr. Jellicoe has repeated his charges in reference to the treatment of Natal natives. Ministers reply that they are so patently false as to be unworthy of notice. Mr. W. P. Crick, ex-M.L.A., of Syd ney, has been seriously ill in a private hospital at Darlinghurst. Big attendance expected at St. Pat rick's Day procession, sports, and con cert to-morrow. AH are expected to march. The "Ave Maria" for January opens the year well. The principal fea ture is a fine series of articles by the Danish Newman, Johannes Joergensen, entitled " A Pilgrim Convert in Italy." They describe a series of pilgrimages to places connected with St. Francis of Assisi—in Umbria, Tuscany, and the March of Ancona, and are written in a very attractive style. The Rev. Edmund Hill, C.P., contributes a good article on " Tlieosophy and Spiritualism," and Franz Hettinger, D.D., whites on " The Mediatorsliip of Mary." The new serial story; "Exiled from Erin," opens in a promising manner; and another new serial story, " Ruth's Day of Reckon ing," is begun in the section for Young Folks. The short stories, poems, and usual features of the magazine all main tain the customary high standard. The 34th volume of '' Our Alma Mater, edited by the students of St. Ig natius' College, Riverview, Sydney, has reached us. To say it is well up to the standard of previous years, when we remember the brilliancy of past pub lications, both from a literary and ar tistic standpoint, is no mean praise. The reading matter, as usual, proves most interesting, and special attention may be drawn to the two articles en titled " Aboriginal Carvings in Lane Cove River ana Elsewhere and "Im pressions on Holland," which are very well written. The reports of the speeches delivered by the members of the Debating Club clearly show that good work is still being done in this direction, and it is no exaggeration to mate that many of our public men could well take a lesson from their youthful eloquence. It is pleasing to note that side by side with their suc cesses in the University examinations they have been equally successful in the athletic field. ' The magazine is well printed, and the photographs—indi vidually and coUectively—and the views of the college grounds are all excellent. 