Twinklings. Silver 2/0 l-16d. per oz. Lead, £13 2/6 to £13 12/G per .ton. Another bomb outrage'in India. Federal Parliament opened oli Wed nesday. Duty stamp frauds discovered in Bal lafat. . Winston Churchill married. Will it keep him quiet? An influenza epidemic has broken out among horses in Melbourne. The cholera outbreak in Russia shows an awful death roll. All the political parties held confer ences during show week. Germans charged with brutal treat ment of Indians in Brazil. The American fleet had a great recep tion at Albany on Saturday. The American fleet received a warm official welcome at Albany on Monday. Copper, spot, £60 15/ to £61 per ton; three months, £61 10/ to £61 15/. Tin, spot, £131 to £131 10/ per ton; three months, £132 5/ to £132 15/. The American fleet was to sail from Albany for Manila last evening. Precautions taken in Western Europe to prevent the spread of cholera from Russia. ■ Sir J. H. Carruthers, ex-Premier of New South Waies, has returned to Sydney. Danish ex-Minister arrested in con nection with defalcations totalling £1,000,000. A motion of want of confidence in the Bent Government is before the Vic torian Assembly. Forest fires have been raging in the province of Ontario, Canada. An im mense area was ablaze. The German Government is building war balloon stations at several places on the western frontier. British bigotry and intolerance were strongly in evidence in connection with the Eucharistic Congress. There was a change to wintry wea ther on Sunday, when snow fell on the hills and on the northern highlands. Two of the pressmen with the Ameri cin fleet and a number of officers visit ed the goldfields and Perth by train. The Danish Ministry has resigned, in c< l sequence of the frauds on a bank perpetrated by one of its members. Melbourne claims that the traffic at Flinders-street station exceeds that of any other country in the world. The Belgian Senate has adopted the treaty providing for the annexation of the Congo Free State by Belgium. The N.S.W. A ssembiy lias carried Mr. Cann's motion in favor of a Gov ernment water supply for Broken Hill. An attempt has been made to assassi nate the Italian Premier, Signor Gio litti, and family, by means of a bomb. The Cape Assembly has adopted a motion favoring closer settlement on the lines of Australia and New Zea land. It is reported from Melbourne that the Orangemen are trying to form a separate and independent political party. The trouble in the cotton-spinning trade in Lancashire has reached a criti cal stage, a conference having proved abortive. Owing to a display of British bigotry, the procession of the Blessed Sacrament in the open air in London had to be abandoned. Mr. Gregory (Minister for Mines) was defeated for Menzies in the W.A. elec tions by Mr. Buzzacott (Labor), by nine votes. It is cabled that 100 fresh cases of cholera break out in St. Petersburg, Russia, every day, and that one-fourth of them are fatal. A Cathedral service in Manchester was interrupted by the unemployed on Sunday, in order to call attention to their condition. The new Sultan of Morocco (Mulai Hafid), in a note to the Powers, recog nises the engagements entered into by his predecessors. The Japanese Prime Minister says a policy of rigid economy, which will place the world's hope of peace on a surer foundation, has now been fixed. A locally written song, entitled " We've Got a Big Brother in Ame rica," has caught on greatly with the men of the American fleet in Albany. Captain Gregori, the military writer, who fired at Captain Dreyfus on the occasion of the translation of Zola's remains to the Pantheon, has been ac quitted. Tlie "Times" suggests that the Bri tish cruiser squadron about to visit the Cape should proceed to Australia. It would look very small beer after the American armada. Canada is evidently full up of emigra tion. It is cabled that during the past six months 1,031 immigrants were de ported fi—'in Canada for various reasons, and ' j .-t'lcrs were refused admission. Dr. Sven Hedin, the famous Swedish < :;plorer, has arrived at Simla, in India. He reports wonderful discoveries in Tibet, where he has been travelling for two years. The Pope, like the rest of the world, has been disillusioned as regards the boast of British freedom and tolerance by the display of bigotry in connection with the Eucharistic Congress in Lon don. The famous Cullinan diamond, pre sented tb the King by the Transvaal Government, has been cut in halves. It now consists of two beautiful stones, one of which will be placed in the King's crown, and the other in his sceptre. The jury found against the medical firm of Freeman and Wallace in the case in Sydney. They added a rider that " measures should be taken by legislation or otherwise to suppress all such pernicious institutions as the one in question." The Commercial Agent in London telegraphed at 6.30 p.m. on September 15 to the Government:—"September shipment of wheat sold at 38/3; market firm. Liverpool, 38/6; 39/ asked for cargo afloat. Market firm; rather dearer." The '' Advertiser'' is raising a fund for Kelly, the tram driver, of Thebar ton, who was killed on the Henley Beach line recently. A sacred concert in aid of this most deserving case is also to be given in the Adelaide Town Hall on Sunday afternoon, under the direction of Mr. H. Howard. Sir Thos. Bent wants to invite a British fleet to visit Australia. He also suggests the union of Great Britain, the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand to maintain a Pacific fleet. Serious trouble has occurred in con nection with the unemployed difficulty in Glasgow. After inflammatory spee ches, a body 3,000 strong started for the Lord Provost's house to make a demonstration, but it was charged and dispersed by mounted police. 