THE SOUTHERN MINER. PUfrLtBHEP gAILY. MONDAjV. NOVEMBER 23,1B08. TO-DAY. AmiiBcments— Yfilrabah Aboriginal Mission Enter tainment (Dnal performance), School of Arte, 8 p.m. Mr. Mackltn, Acllne PoEttnuBter, In forms ub tlie weekly mall steamer Mar anoa left Bowen at 0.30 p.m. on Shut day, and should lie up to time ' at TowobvIDo this morulng. ft nno proposed to shut down GoomJl Mill qn , NoMmlier 27,' but Id response to roprejotitatlona by the Johnstone River Oanegrowers Association, the O.6.H. Co. oouBfntefl to keep tire mill running until every marketable EttcU ot c»oe on the Johri»ton» 1b dealt with. ■ The United StfltcJ transport disc lor arrived at Tojrtisfllle yesterday and started loading: 220 tons of frozen meat for JbiDllp. this morning. . Sbe leaves on Tuesday for South where she takes In' flour, butter and other produce. The Glacier carries refrigerating much Inory, and her orew ntlttbewl20. •-On the application ot Messrs. Rotarts, Leu and fiavnett. (as' town' agents for Mr. 8. N. Johnson, prObtUe of the will aid codicil ot John Evert, late of Sandy Creek, near Charters Towers, ft'eotor, was granted to Msrjr Byert. the euefulrjx nfcmsfl In tfce r.odto)), Per»oj>alW pWDM iinSer, fi776/and realty under £801.-, I The Wellington TYodes council i a week before the general eleeHbn In New Zealand, censured end suspended Mr, Weslbrooke, the secretary, for ex pressing the opinion Ju> & newspaper Interview that the Lalbour party was committing political suicide In run ning Independent candldtttee for Par l l!SSc^i' tt?rea>y BBVertDe alliance with we Utat&i; party. Reference was made at the mooting of IhB Johnstone River osflegroweiis Association to the keen interest the manager of the Ooondl mill had taken In the matter of sickness anion# the men, aid the association decldted to give their support to his eflOrts to minimise the amount of sickness. Mr. DaWs had' conferred with the local medloal men, who hod traced the cause of so much stateness to mosquitoes. At the Supreme Court (saju tie "Rco.lcbsumptoq Bulletin"), before the Registrar (Mr. j. H. Ctatr), on the ap plication of Mr. H. Grant, town, agent tor Mr. B. J. MfOaUoagh, solicitor, Barealdlne, prolate of Uie will ot Bridget Jl'Auliffe, late of Stagjnount, near Aratnac, wife of John M'Aullffe, M the aune place, grazier, was granted to the said John U'Aullffe, the pole executor named In the wML U»i estate was sworn at under £2S99. The steamer Suffolk, which left .Tcwnsvlllo on Friday for London, tool;, apart from general cargo, 2811 quarters of frozen beef, 3267 cascasses frozen mutton, and 412 packages fro wn sundries distributed as follows:— 1082 forequnrteri, beef and 8S67 ax cesses mutton for Liverpool; 600 fore quarters beef and 999 hindquarters for Malta; 250 hindquarters beef for Port Said; 260 packages frozen sundries for Melbourne; and 207 frozen paOk njvfl for Sydney. The Independent Temperance Band played a nice programme of music to a large crowd of people in Llssner Park last evening. The contest marches "Bendlgp," and "Independentla," were rendered In a line style, and the run ning of the cornets was particularly tintlrraWe. "SongB ot England," and "My Lady Gracious," were two line numbers ar.d would be an acceptable repeat. Tne collection, towards the Instrument fuhd, was satisfactory. Tthe following (says tile >"Advo rate") were the bananas exported from liie port of Qeraldton for the week ending Saturday, November i4tb, 19M:—From Genaldion—busbies to Melbourne, 3503; bunches to Sydney, 269 cases to M'elbourne, 706; cases to Adelaide, 482; to Queensland parts, 30; from OowJey—bunches to MeMfoilrne, Sill; rases to Adelaide, £6; crates to Queensland ports, G6. From Maria Greek—bunches to Melbourne, 3! 63; bundles to Sydney, S4; cases to Melbourne. 342; bunches to Sydney, nil; cases to Adelaide, 2S; crates to Queensland porta, 18, According to a report In the Proser pine "Guardian," at a meeting of the Hroserplne Chamber of Commerce last week, reference wa<» made to the over oflleluueaeiss ot the two young police constables ihena. Mr. Jupj> said men fi'ltfi money irero leaving the district to (hp detriment of the business lieupte. Mr. McNeill said he consid ered lb .it Cor.i MoMahon was a men nco to tils platu, as be had caused over £1,009 to be taken away that would have b?en spent In lie township. Brewlujlty. it wsa decided' to ask the Doir.wL'C-ii cei' of Police to ranove Con stable M'iMabon, as he was a menace lo the town. The "Wlnton llerald's" Opalton cor respondent, writing under date 14th Instant, £3:>'g:—Jjr. Schupp, the opal buyer, paid us a visit last week. He bought about .til20 worth ot Fermoy ipitrlx, but he would not look at any other bovt pf matrix, only Permoy, al though ho wns offered Borne other mat rix .of a fair Eort. He would not oven make an offer for It. He was offered a couple of parcels of boulder opal of a very high grade, the largest parcel being reeled fqr £120, but as he had come out here after matrix, bo deal was made this time. Mr. Schupp came here In the forenoon, and left In Ibe afternoon of the same dAy on his war for Sapphire Town. The.bph.lr, which left London on Oc tober 2, bis the following Ooveraknent Immigrants on board:—Nominated (4, ufetietel 27, rtee Jt, making & total ot 92\. , They are cleastlled as follow*:— Married mtai 10, married women 13, single men 25, single womuu 26, child ren 19. Their nationalities are English OS, Irish 10, Bcot£k 12,. otter nationalities l>. Their destinations at-e 'Brisbane 76, Tounnevtlle 6, Muc kay 7, ttoclrJiBMpton 3, Oeraldtxm 1. Mof.'. cf the assisted Immigrants In tend to entftge' to (arm work in Qutorwlnnd. ■ - All of them hare from £R0 10 i!i00 atyl'tal, and one of them, Who li'ss n iltk and three children, and is about tn engage In dairy fartn Ifig, hks a 'capital M over £1000. d.ty?P!l3 ojtf gt gnakeblf, (says tbe ''{ngttun 1'lanter'1), Is reported "from Halifax wlfhip ft brief epice of time, foj' oji iUinda)' afternoon, as Dorothy, the tour year old daughter ot Mr, and 4}ra. *, J. Jfaerd, Was playing to front ot'Mr. Hdmndehl'a, (a neighbour of Mr, Heard'a) rwtoeecB, ehe was bitten* on- the left inrtep by a «nalM. The mother of the ctyld at once made acquainted with ' jriimt bad happened, anil as tj^ni waa away from lionis flt the time, sh« sent word to Mr, Dumlgap, after pihloh she sucked U)S WPllS'i, Oil Mr. Diunlgan'a srriv ai, he mnde.three lndsionB In the In step and applied runedias }n the tfeaipa At Condr's orj'St*!'. which wen kept at the school. .This antidote had a remealftl effect, end we are pleased to «!me thnt tne little obe has now re esvered. . , . , . Rev. W. li. itounseo", formerly of Sj-ancy, vfritlqg to the "Guardian," (Uindbn),- from tihe Ohureh House, W£ebnlniter,-makea an -appeal for the d/ncese of A'«v pwlnea. . He <ay«: "N<>twltb>tandlng the ' Spartan-like i ■. ■ r-, : I. r tfmpllcfttr of missionary life In Papua, the mission la In debt. Or. Stoiu Wigg has had to pledge bis Ineunnri policies to meet an overdraft. H!i name and his work bate beej r;ry frequently quoted Is missionary speeches during tile ltat few years; ■nd the wonder ot the work In New Guinea bus been often &K;>Iaud-.d, BtireJy we cannot let the bishop retire, Worn out with labor and privation, and leave his Insurance policies In pawn. A sum ot £3,0011 will not only ream® these policies, but form a re serve fund and put the finance of the diocese on a sound footing. Itie following letter was recelvej from the manager of Mbdy unl Rubber Plantation, Jvfae yeras, British East Africa, uu. der date ,September 4, 190? -T.i the manager of the North Quteofytaud Meat Export Co.,—Sir,—I was rather astonidied last montli when in MoSi basa to find some ot yoilr tinned heel la one of the stores there, but was not to the leatft surpo-lBed to tod it la tip top condition. Tie meat j>tit up by the N.QJiI.E. Co.. Ltd., Towneville, li tte best In British Bast Africa; I have much pleasure la complimenting the management ot your firm on the exoeuent quality of your meat after travelling a distance of 10,000 miles be ifore reaching Mombasa. I trust jxu iWJll continue to aupply similar quo£ I ity In future, as the American tlnnp.1 ment Is vers" interior to yours. Signed B. E. Vernon, manager." ' In the course of Inveetlga-'Jona blade In connection trim tie Moust Fox'1t survey work, (says the "lug-ham 1 Planter'^ a couple of pioxe of gcode country hither practically unknown v\ were dlsoovered. Ohis of these Ib ou > the eastern fall ot the radge headingV tie Stone' waters, whew What Is ile- * scribed as an area of first class gi ar l"e and dairying ooustir Was tbirta acres4; a belt ot undulhUhg eerutt land, lying on tfae northern boundary of the area on11" —' ■ — ■ - ■ that controlled* ment was also g Investigated, hidaiHiofi|ftlt;»t*il*ni' i etratcd for d i" ~11: its true area' life* i y - may be of ^ readers to learbUAM/' 5LaL"1' I 1 ed the flret blodfe >b» country the total area. Is .wivm ly 6000 acres, , and ibis bat been tioned off into SB-.Woaw nuiBtOK » G4 to 278 acres each, it embraces land in the vicinity dt Yalierol ouu Michael Creeks, the pick being a*buM the junotlon of these two streams. The Worn ens' Christian Tea ance Union held their -tfe&ly;'infcHiui as usual on Monday aftSruoon. ititl November, In the First Methoflls School Hall. Sister Pilot, the Pre eldest, occupied tflie chair, atul opeaei* the meeting vriih the usual derotiuia] exercises. The roll was .called, and a satisfactory number resnomied. The hospital super reported Urine visited the Institution and delivered'a num ber of tract? and boodsto the pit. lents, who were glad to ttcelve them, The union baring- received Infer* mattoa from Brisbane office that the World's T&nporanice; Sunday was to be the fourtbj|to^^«ownilj«i> the various were written to Ing noticed that holding tihelr Sunday, the with them. rm many members' as wmws as the procession from Sin 8tr»rt ^o the Salvation Army Barracks, where a '■ temperance service will be held. Tb* • Pr«rtdent.W" °I'bM WIth 'fc^er by ( ttSB ot 21 payment ol ■ £0/10/ into the Danish state TreiH s^r^' ®n,ttk'R o person to a ponslba ot £13 per annum w^eh he become* : .O"6 way of providing Oneself. | ^ "e wherewlthal for Towers Beer l in declining years.* JP1? flnat entertalumeut of the Yaiw aSmi f9'f0 Ba6d w,il to etveD <» ^lool <tf Arte at £ o'ctock* ,t62® by "te band will be reS . Sonsa end danoah Uso form IWt of the progmauoA Bound night In oonnaotioa with the Court Pride, No. (wHSom 1bu J bwpoetponed to Ttursday, loth, of De^MjDop^ «o as not ^ elash w4(h A, Stepson a peneflt Social aqa OiDCft rwSlt5?UndiI* V"* toe price ot aMf Sooi* ere the low«8t In Clueettsland, at Arlda's A.K °IZ *£,***■ «n Pundwes, p»td 1# 20/ 3& 'netanie; If cn^ gpeiida ?«/' V-; If SB/VI/S; !? ;,,6 */*' Md so on. Without <i flwibt UbeM distil ■STu. i» S iSff*** « AHdi^A0v W Ul8lr 'm«fl»aea ot Mr. Pound apent, and s6 on,) Thete vri$ be no humbug In waiting or erttlnm Roods for tie value. See Hie ^tvTu!' ttsemont and 