BRIEF MENTION. Royal Welsh Mule Choir To-morrow night. New bus plyiug for hire. Influenza still rampant. . 1 Serious accident on Wednesday. Tenders called for clearing and fencing new racecourse. . Meeting to form Country Cricket Union at Allison's Hotel to-morrow night. Cattle sale , at Bruxner & Cotton s yards to-morrow afternoon. It is expected the stores will close at 9 o'clock lo-morrow evening. Several auction sales advertised for to-morrow. Ladies meeting re Hospital Ball next Wednesday. Buekjumpmg Show to-mght and to morrow night. . . . Archdeacon Lewis will preach in Christ Church next Sunday. At the Police Court yesterday morning a drunk was fined 20s, in default U ^Mrpcmium and minimum temperature readings for past threo^days Tuesday 51-32, Wednesday 6o-3<, Thursday 69 137. The local Musical Society will stage the pretty Cantata " The Haymakers on the 14th October. ^ , Mr. E. H'nett was married to Miss ,&r; SehiiTmanti, eldest daughter of Mr. F. Schiit'mann on Wednesday, the liev. J. T. Clancy officiating. Lord Rosebery contemplates an early visit to Australia and New Zealand. It, is ."tated that Lord Dudley, Govtrn or-Gcncral, makes £130,000 a year out or his investments in coal mines in Great j Britain . I Sir. Wm. Lyne says that the appvoxi- j mate cost to the Commonwealth in con. I nection with the entertainment of the | | American Fleet is slightly under £30,000. It is rumored that the opponents of the ' Dalgety Capital Site in the House of He presentutives are now in a slight majority, but Mr. Austin Chapman is still confi dent that Dalgett.y will be finally selected, j Melotte Sepabatob is Still holding , ! the leading place in this and every dairy ing district. Free trial to work along- , side any other machine. Cash or easy I 1 terms.—K. J. DootiN, Agent. Mr. Dealcin has requested tlio_ States . to send him a memorandum giving the approximate number of immigrants de sired annually during the nest three _ or fire years. It is Mr. Deakin's intention to submit, the whole question of immigra I tion to Parliament at an early date. ' Why pay Kent when you can borrow capital upon easy terms from the l.oi I worth .VLuti'at, and Hbnbwt Builbing Society. KuII. pariiculars and applica tion forms from !!■ 3- Doom*, Local A^ent.*' , . The famous Furracabad Estate in the I Glen Innes district, is about to be sold | by public auction in small farm lots It adjoins the town, and has been held by the Haymarket Company for somo years, I portion being sublet to tenants. ' The action in which Mrs. Caroline McKeown claimed £1000 damages from the Railway Commissioners for damages received in a tram accident at Bondi on Easter Monday, when an unguarded car ( ran down an inclino and collided with a | dead end, the jury awarded the plamtiil A young man in tbe Goulburn dis trict was rounding up shcop one flay last week, when ho fell in putting his horco at a fence. Next day he was found un conscious and lying partly m a watorho e, but recovered sufficently to tell how the accident happened. Ho died in the hospital the following day. Henry Edwards, a tailor, who has undergone penal servitude m Australia, was sentenced at Middlesex Sessions to 12 months' imprisonment for assaulting the police, and to seven years penal servi tude for otouhui; a horso. , . The "Pall Mull Gaaetto states that it is expected that a special squadron ot modem British warships will visit Aus tT TheTndebtedness of Wilier and Riley, Ltd., of Manchester, in consequence oV the' Alberti frauds, to Danish Bniry Fnvmevs' Association, is nhovu fcoo.UlJU. The Irish and lloman Catholic vote at the Nowcastle-upon-Tyne election will go in support of the Unionist candidato, The tug Leveret tvaR on Tuesday p(<«AV noon about to east off having tjOKfcd Ukj. Airlie out to sea from ^evspfvsUe when, she got foul of the Vtfgpr. vessel. t Wj were m.oro o? le»i damaged, and returned toppntV'" " • 