RETURN OF MR. KIDST0N. PREFERENTIAL TRADE: THE FUTURE ArAIL SERVICE. FREMANTLE, Thursday! . Amongst tlhe passengers by the R.AI.S. Oroya; which arrived to-day, is Air. W. Nidation, Premier of Queensland, who has been on an extended visit to Great Bri tain. When interviewed by a press repre sentative, he raid that the Torres Straits shipping service to Queensland, which he had been fortunate enough to fix up, will be a 52 days' one between -Brisbane and England. The boats will run once a month. The contractors are the British-India Shipping Company. Tlic arrangements with the company contains conditions for ade quate provision of cool storage, and in that way trade will be encouraged. Air. Ivid- ston added that the mail sendee was a sub ject that Australia would .have to consider . in the near future. He did not refer to . the all red route, as that must be regarded as quite distinct from any other service. Under the present arrangement, by which j Fremantle was made the first and last port of call, Brisbane was left too far away in connection with the distribution of mail matter. Tlie time was coming when a very big scheme of boat and railway services would be initiated on an Australian na tional basis. T'liey must recognise Port Darwin as. the natural mail steamer port of Australia, and in time it would become euch in actuality. He did not think that any sane man would propose the construc tion of a railway from Port Darwin to Adelaide, but in time the present Port Dar win railway line would be continued through tho y" tore I districts of Queens land, with a junction, prohalilv at Hunger- ford, from which point all the capitals, with the exception of Perth, would be about equally distant, or in anv rase equally accessible. The Western Australian rail way should also be constructed, but even then Western Australia would not be so advantageously placed as the others, but with -Port Darwin as the first and last port of call, an alternate mail route should be maintained, so that steamers would encircle Australia, the -boats alternately going bv Queensland and Western Australia, and re- ' SJ?"6 in the opposite direction. The matter of securing suitable immi grants was one to which Mr. ICidston paid close attention. He found it surrounded b£ very many grave difficulties. Canada offers inducements to settlers that Austra lia does not possess, and the chief of these is nearness. Besides that. Canada spends up to something like £200,000 a year in advertising, whereas the Australian States scarcely make themselves known. The so- jt0uf suitable immigrants was also a difficult one. Canada docs not possess anv scruples. A good average class of people were going out to Queensland, but, of it must be admitted that some were likely enough not to be all that Queensland could wish for. There was a . great deal to be. done by Australia in tue way of making advertising effective. The railway companies of Canada, as owners of large areas of land, were enabled to offer . great inducements to. immigrants but in Australia, where the States were the owners of the railways and the adjoining .lands, they were in a position to offer simC . Jar inducements. Mr. Kidston snoke at Wasgow <ra the subject of preferential trade. He found the trade depression very keen, particularly in connection with tho iron, coal and shipping industries. In Queensland the secondary industries arc still id a primitive condition, he said and the greatest opportunities they had to of fer people were in connection with agricul- turc, but in England, where different con ditions prevail, people felt the stress of competition, and it was becoming more -recognised that there must be a change in the .fiscal policy of the .cr.untrv. in . connection with preference, there was an amusing incident at Glasgow. He was en tertained at lunch by the Lord Provost, and the gentleman who -proposed tlie toast of his health complained that Australia show ed a preference for German engines against those manufactured in Scotland. In reply, ,'Alr. Kidston stated that in such matters sympathy was regulated In- price, nnd pcr- . hape if the people (if Glasgow would iiur- , chase Australian butter, instead of Danish, the Australian people ivauid show an in creasing fondness for Glasgow engines. Fol lowing that un, he pointed out how the financial phase of the Question could be regulated by an adequate system of prefer ence between the mother country and the States. 