MADAME ADA CR0SSLEY. return to australia. an interview. ' / ; FREMANTLE, Thursday.— Mdmo. Ada Cross- Icy /andlicr concert . party — including .Mr. - John: Harrison, " the 'celebrated -English- -tonor,. -Mr. Hamilton Earl, tho operatio baritone, Mr., Loon Sumotini, -the young; Danish - violinist, and Mr. Percy Grainger, tlio Australian pianlst-arrlvcd 'vj ; iuo j.vitu<u. vivu5i;d iuioimviuiuqi - > Mdino. Crosslcy is accompanied by . her hus band, Dr. Muecke, . and boforo proceeding to.- Sydney; where she will give her- first concert on, October 1, she -will visit his people at Adelaide lor a few days. \- In the course of conversation /with a -"Dally Telegraph"- Interviewer, Mmo. Orossloy stated that it was five short years since she had last -visited . lior homeland. "Will you kindly.: convey to my- fellow-Australians,'.' she said; "my most, cordial greetings.' Tell them how glad I am to -again enjoy the -genial : sunshine and the blue skies , of my native Australia. : I- have been so eager, to sight land: that I have not -been ablo. to sleep for., two nights thinking of my return homo, .where I- have always met with kindness and en couragement;, and where -my -Mends have greet ed me so enthusiastically. Ever, since my last visit Ihavo been anxious to get back again to- my own audiences — not that I, have not boon re ceived with anything but warm-hearted cordial-., ity elsewhere, though you must know: that the very altar of success Is the -recognition one re ceives -in one's own counl ry." , ' The: company Mmo. Orossley has brought with her- is, she . statud, - the. same, that toured, the Uuitod Kingdom under her management, and. thoyare all aatlats of world-wide, repute. Sho was asked if she > experienced any difficulty, in Inducing so many celebrities to tour, the Anti podes; but was not allowed to reply. Mr. Harrl- son.interposed with the remark that during the English Lour . they all- became such a - happy family, that separation would jiave boon painful. "Besides," ho added, "Mmo. won us all by her charm and kindness,, and when she invited us to aeeompany her we could- uot but accept. - Be sides, we had heard -so much of Australia, from Mmo. aud Air. Grainger that we bocamo anxious to seo tho country for ourselves.''.'; Madame was then interrogated regarding her doings since she- loft Australia last; and said -she nad made an extensive. tour of Europe, and , had an- extremely good time; whoro tho com munity of: muslc-lovera was almost as: enthu siastic as Australians. - She liad -enormous audi- ouces there', and lior. concerts were a great suc cess. "With the company now coining Willi -me," said luadamo, "1 just did.an eight months' tour , of the United Kingdom. That tour was pronounced , the longest, the most comprehen sive and- successful yet held, and -that the company was the. strongest . one which had ever been on lour. That statement was made In all .the leading provincial papers, which kindly re ferred to the company as a. 'constellation 'of stars/- /;:// '/ ':/. Asked for particulars, matiame replied: — "You all know Forcy- Grainger, who, like myself, is- un Australian...' Ho .has Improved wonderfully since his, list visit, and now undlspuledly: holds a first place us. a pianist. Although he was so good before, Australian audiences will recognise that, lio has made - wonderful strides as an ar- tlsi. , ','Mr. John Harrison Is now recognised as the .loading English tenor. I-Ie -has a bggutiful voice. I am confident that his Australian tour will bo a series of sensational triumphs. He was with us the whole eight montlis. but before that was doing loading/business In England. "Mr. Hamilton Earl Is a very fine; singer; he Is; splendid in classical music; but shines In a good rollicking ballad. He is in the first rank of bassoB. .. . r ,"M. Leon Samotlnl is one -of tho best vio linists I over heard. Ho is really wonderful." Jladamo was assured of a hoarty welcome -throughout Australia, and replied that if tho audiences were only half as enthusiastic as on the- occasion of her last visit sho would bo sat isfied. ' . Questioned regarding hor costumes, Aladarau said: "I have made a special foaturo of the dressing. Dr. Aluecke Interjected -that ho had lacked 65 new and elaborate- costumes, whicn ..wero on board and well insured. When the -.costumes were on view In London prior to ATadame's departure all London . wont to sou and admire tliein. Aladamc, continuing, said: — "I am making a special feature of the programmes for tbo Aus tralian tour, which will be arranged with re gard to vnnezy. both modern and old music being. included. .. We- have a small orchestra with us to supply part of the accompaniment to such music as that of .Bach. Air. -Harrison will' play most of .these When, the full- company Is on ihe platform very fine effects are produced In .tills way." ... ' Referring to Allss Amy Castles, Madamo said she is singln.? splendidly, in which the other members acquiesced, but one said she did not Lave the luclc in a business sense that sho de served. though hor singing was an artistic triumph. .Replying to a query, the number of farewells during tlio last two months in London, Madame said, greatly surprised her. It was on=> series of farevolls; some were given by club; and associations which seldom indulge in such demonslratious. A member of tho company said that that was not surprising, as Aladamc was unquestionably far and away the most popular artist in England. .. The. epassengers, on board the steamer spoke enthusiastically regarding Madamo and the other members of- the company. Colonel Sir Theodore Brinolonan, who for merly visited Australia, related an incident which occurred during tho voyago. He said Miss Langohord, an Immigrant girl for Queensland, had a fit of heat apoplexy In the Rod Sea, result ing In the los3 of lier reason. The concert com pany subsequently organisod a concert and raised £66, 75 per cent, of whioh goos to tho unfortunate girl, and tho balanco to the marine charities. Mr. R. Edwards, M.II.R. (Q.), was ap pointed trustee of tho girl's money, to use the same to her advantage. Colonel Brlnckman addod that the concert showed that Aladamo Crossley's voice was more -beautiful than ever, while It had gained in artis tic rendering. He also said that Madamo was extremely kind to the third-class passengers, and sang to them on Sunday. He considered that tho company had every prospect of a most successful Australian tour. 