THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1908. No one, whether churchman or not, will cavil at the remarks made by the Rev. D. Ross, of St. Kilda, at the Presbyterian Assembly on Tuesday, when the question of Sabbath observance was being con- sidered. "The keeping of the Sabbath " ultimately is proved," Mr. Ross said, " not by common custom, but by the " result. I only pray that I, in keeping " it my way, may rise to the height of " my nature." The religious charity of these words is in striking contrast with the intolerance of some sectarians, who would fain use an unholy com- pulsion to force the community to adopt their own particular way in all things. The church, Mr. Ross fears, has perhaps condemned too much and sympathised too little. We may echo that statement, with less em- phasis upon the qualifying "perhaps," for in the Presbyterian Church there is at least one austere and unbending dignitary who can as hardly find sym- pathy for those whom he calls "Sab- bath-breakers" as hold out for the impenitent any prospect save the terrors of a Dies Irae. Condemnation is what we have been accustomed to hear; coercion is what we have been taught to expect. There is a sweet and charitable reasonableness in Mr. Ross's more wel- come view. It is he who has found the true logic of the matter. While strict Sabbatarians sit in their own cosy libraries, or whiff the sweet scents of their own gardens on Sundays, how can they cast a stone at those who seek the same innocent pleasures in public places? "We dare not judge," Mr. Ross says. Well, there are others more daring than he. Truly, it is not common custom which makes the Sabbath holy. The "Con- " tinental Sabbath" has only to be named to make some people shudder; yet is there not profound re- ligious emotion in Europe, and was there not similar emotion long before " the English Sunday" was instituted? This "English Sunday" has always been as unintelligible to foreigners as the "Continental Sabbath" is abomin- able to pious Englishmen and Scotch- men. "Two popular preachers," the am- bassador Barillon wrote to Louis XIV., in discussing the chances of the Prince of Orange's becoming William III., " have spoken in the pulpit of a " matter which would not count any- " where else, unless here, but which in " England is no trifle. It is that the " Prince of Orange hunts on Sundays!" That contrariety to common custom in Britain might have prevented the Pro- testant churches from finding their royal champion in the Dutch prince. The Puritan Sabbath was easier of imposition in Great Britain than it ever will be in Australia. "Living in " the middle of fogs and smoke, " crushed under the weight of a heavy " and ponderous atmosphere"—was the impression of England left upon a child of sunny Italy, whose climate our own resembles. The weather in England often compels people to take refuge within walls; in Australia it invites them out-of-doors. The conditions of our national existence, with a vast unde- veloped continent lying to hand, mould Australians into a race which is rather active than contemplative. So church attendances naturally suffer. The Pres- byterian clergy report, with regret, that the twice-a-Sunday churchgoers are fast becoming once-a-Sunday atten- dants. But no one can say that their Sabbath devotion is thereby lessened. As for those who neglect church always, or almost always, the church's ministers find various and contradictory explanations. A schedule of questions sent out by the Presbyterian "commit- " tee on the state of religion" evoked replies from 110 ministers and 33 mis- sionaries, who spoke with many voices. " Sunday visiting" and "isolation" are two reasons, quoted side by side, for absence from religious worship. Too much work and too much amusement are alike blamed. "Material prosperity " and comfort" is astonishingly juxta- posed to "struggling financial condi- " tions." Is the church, then, to con- fess that she comes last in every man's life—that the labourer prefers to her his task, the idler his pleasure, the rich man his ease, the poor man his worries? If so, then surely some fault must lie in the church. "Physician, heal " thyself:" but the church administers to herself a sorry physic when by the force of law and denunciation she seeks to compel the filling of empty pews. Censure and attempted coercion are likely to prove barren of real result. We commend to all Mr. Ross's fellow- workers his warning, that wholesale condemnation in this matter is neither wise nor profitable. The nation has high instincts. If the clerical appeal does not reach those instincts, the failure is in the church, not in the nation. Common conditions are reversed this year. A considerable area in Vic- toria suffers from drought whilst the northern part of the continent revels in abundant rainfall and splendid pastures. More frequently it has been the lot of Victorian farmers to profit by the misfortunes of their neighbours in the northern areas; but now Victorian stock is beiug driven, railed, and shipped north as rapidly as it can be done. Unfortunately, nothing can now save Victorian pastoralists and farmers from large losses. The deputation which waited on Mr. Swinburne on Tuesday made statements which cannot be read without deep regret. Thousands of sheep and cattle have perished in the North-East in the past few months, and one authority estimated the losses that have occurred at 75 per cent. of the flocks and herds in the districts affected. The regret which is felt must be deepened by the thought that some at least of the loss was preventable. It really does seem as if farmers will never learn the lessons that bitter experience should have taught them. Mr. Swinburne, who finds himself deluged with applications for assistance now that the drought is doing its destructive work, was moved to utter the complaint that the farmers will not spend £10,000 to save £100,000. We have constantly urged that it is the duty of the state, which has taken certain utilities into its control, to do everything that enterprise can suggest and prudence sanction to help the farmers to help themselves. The object is not to make them socialists, leaning upon the state for everything, but to widen the scope for the play of their individualism and render them sturdy and self-reliant. We are bound to confess that, though the assistance of the state has been generous, the response of the farmers has been meagre. In spite of experience they continue to live from hand to mouth. A member of the deputation had sorrowfully to confess that in so obvious and simple a provision against drought as the excavation of dams the farmers are persistent defaulters, and he urged that a law be passed to compel them to provide sufficient storage for a dry season. Then, again, how few are there who, out of the abundance of the good years, store in silos a supply for the lean years. Yet the cost is small, and the return in such seasons as we are experiencing enormous. Where water is provided for irrigating, farmers cannot be induced to undertake winter irrigation when water is plentiful, but they wait till the necessity for applying it is demonstrated, and then all want it at once, and naturally the supply proves inadequate. Apart from the spur of their own interest, farmers should feel that they owe a duty to the commuuity to utilise to the best advantage the land they possess. The whole community suffers with them, and it often has its sufferings unnecessarily increased by the refusal of the farmers to learn the lessons of experience and mitigate to the utmost of their power those variations of climate we should always be prepared for. Though the growth of Australia's ex- ports to the East is encouraging, It Is none the less extremely small when compared-as Mr. J. M. Sinclair com- pares it in tho interview with him which wo published yesterday-to the imports of the countries with which we trade. Of the articles Australia has to sell, Burmah, for instance, imported last year 521,7201b. of butter, of which Aus- tralia only supplied 18,4541b. The popu- lation of the countries M'ith which we do a trade of £4,000,000 of exports and imports is 350,000,000. It is therefore evident that there is room for an im- mense increase. In the foundation of such a trade the French adage applies -it is the first step which is difficult Wo have to export butter and other perishable products under great disad- vantages, just because the trade is small. For this reason it seems that the best way in which Australia can assist ex- porters is to subsidise vessels to carry on ii regular service for some years. When the trade is once firmly established, our exporters should bo able to reduce costs so ns to compete with our rivals and to attract more orders. Owing to pros- perous seasons, the export trade of Aus- tralia has increased enormously during recent years, and Its trend can be to some extent ascertained from the fol- lowing table, compiled from Mr. Knibbs's valuable statistical work: 1807-1901. 1906. £ .C United Kingdom .. 25,337,450 32,854,049 British possessions 6,898,045 13,850,912 Foreign countries.. 12,206,359 23,032,802 Total.44,439,857 09,737,763 In respect to the great increase shown in the exports to foreign countries, Mr. Knibbs points out, what we have often contended, that it is more apparent than real. Exports of wool and other raw material are now shipped direct to the Importing countries, in- stead of being distributed from London and therefore credited to the United Kingdom. And the same remark applies to a less extent to imports. The Increase of exports to British posses- sions is very great, and, though it con- sists to a considerable extent of bullion and specie, it is gratifying. There is n great field for a trade in butter, flour, wheat, preserves, preserved menls, wool, metals, horses, and timber in Asia, the Pacific, and to some ex- tent in South Africa, if iii its earlier stages U be energetically pushed aud intelligently assisted. Though we do not want the coloured rucos as residents, they mny be very valuable to us as neighbours and con- sumers. Commercial intercourse is a great pacificator, and therefore it should be the alni of Australia while making its exclusion laws effective against the Incoming of Asiatics to settle here, lo so administer thom as to en- courage business men to come here to promote trnde. The "coupon system" of booking theatre seats for a first night has failed. At each new trial we receive a shower of angry letters and protests. Regular theatre-goers are disappointed; casual hustlers or speculators take the prizes; and hints of unfairness and trickery are abundant. We do not believe that the managers, either at the theatre or at the booking office, give the public anything but "a square deal." After the constantly engaged first- night seats have been marked off, the applicants are not favoured in the distribution of coupons. Nevertheless, the system falls utterly to give satisfaction. Since to satisfy its patrons is the first endeavour of every theatre management, it is obvious that the coupons should be thrown aside and some new method attempted. The advertisement given by a scramble at the booking office is one which a reputable firm does not welcome. Tiley manage these things better in Sydney. There the people who want first-night seats send in their applications, enclosing the money for payment, with an extra fee for first- night booking. The constant first- nighters, of course, have their rights retained to them; after they are satisfied, the theatre management allots the available space among those who have applied and have paid. It usually happens that there is over-application. The practice in allotting seats is to give some degree of preference to those who are known as constant patrons of the theatre, and with this procedure no sensible person need be discontented. The system necessarily implies confidence in the management, but that confidence should be readily accorded to the firms with whom Melbourne has to deal. In Sydney this method gives general satisfaction, for it is philosophically recognised that somebody must always be disappointed. We would like to see the same tried in Melbourne. An open fight for seats cannot again be introduced; the coupon system has failed, in discontent and suspicion; we still have the remedy which has been effective in Sydney. 'orne lime ago the Post ii department in xitcd tenders for the construction and hy ing of two now cables between fosttiania ind the mainland lliese were to take the phec of the txvo cibles o» ned by the Lastern 1 \lension Telegraph Compam ovci wheh the telegraphic business io fismania is at present ti insmitted It w is necessary before the tenders could he dealt with finally thit a survey of the route should be made The services of the Pacific Cable Board s cable repairing steamer lois ins accordingly re- quisitioned That xosscl left Sydney lost weel She was joined nt Dindcrs hy the chief electrical engineer (Mr Ilcskcth) and tw o routes w ero surx ex ed one to Low Ilead direct and the othci xia King Island The survejs were completed on luesda) Replying to a quest on I j Mr Bamford (Q ) in the House of 1 cpresentatives yes tcidij the Ministci of Customs staled that whilst there appeared to bo unanimity of sympathx and opinion on the part of the state Premiéis as to ti c restriction of the size of cornsacl s no definite arrangement had been arrived at lie h id no doubt how ex cr that the states would take action in aid of the object which the Commonwealth had in view There mois no intent on to withdraw the federal proclamation which would come into force on Priday nott He bel ox ed that any action of the states in the direction of enforcing special railwiy rates on bags containing oxer TJOlb weight would necessarily include sugir«acks 'c series of questions xxas asked by Mr Kelly (NTSW) in the House of Repie sentatives yesterdaj in regard to weeklj publications getting their cover papers m free of dutj Mr Chapman, Minister foi Trade and Customs «tiled lint the view taken xxns that the pap« in question was printing paper and consequently there w is no option but to deliver free Tlie-e xvas no question of the Minister tal ing the Hou«o into lus confidence any more than m thousands of others, when the pipei duties were being dealt with as to the instructions' issued The effects of the instructions had been made public There was no objection to furnish the papers in regard lo the matter for the perusal of Mr Kelly Did the Ministei point out lo the Sydnej Bulletin thit super-Calendered paper was or could be made locally under a duty and that con Bequently so strongly a protectionist paper could well afford to set an example bj buying its raw material from Australian manufacturers' ' w is the concluding clause of Air Kellys question Mr Chap man replied that ho had nothing to do with the Bulletin in the matlei and bevond npprovmg of a recommendation made lo lum by the comptroller-general xxas not otherwise interested therein Similai in sliuctions xvero issue 1 in regard to other ni iguanes It might be explained he sud that the only reason xvhy the authority of the Minister was «peel illj asked in this in stance axas becuise as onginalli intto ducetl the exemption w is to bo made under Ministerial bj law otherwise the decision would have been gixen as i matter of course without reference to the Munster Inquines xxcie made some time ago but the information obtained xx as not suffi cient to establish the existence of a com bme Mow lint an amending uct lins been pissed finther inxestigitions will bo made Briefly replied Mi Chapmm to i question put b\ Mi M Dougall (V ) in the House of Representatives vesleidiix Mr M Dougall wished to 1 now xvliclhot it was true that the manufacturers and im poiters of manures had formed a business combine avith i xnew to stifling competí lion and raising pnces to the f irmctb and gardeners In six othct sub queries Atr M Dougall raised the question w hcther the price of supcrphosph iles had not been m creased by 7/ a ton since the form ition of the alleged combine whethci the supci phosphites contimod 2 per cent lesj xntei soluble phosphoric acid than for muH and xverc consequcnth 10/ a Ion dcaroi to purchasers than 1 ist season ind whether the combine had raised the m tcrest on promissory notes bj 1 pci cent rurlhcr Air Al Dougall asked the Minister foi Irado and Customs if he 1 new that the combine had refused absolutely to sell manures to furniere unions and associa tions at a lower rate than it told to the indixidiial bijei and that the firms con slituting the combine adiertised on the lines of a single firm Mr Chapman's reply was is gixen Samples of Australian canned rabbits are being sent to the Agent General (Mi fivcrnci) bj the Vietonan \l,i icullural department 4. xveek or two ago it xias staled in a c ible message in The Aigus that the Ailinn illy were mol mg inquines is lo the practicability of including cannc 1 i abluís in the bill of fare of the nax x A\ lth a Mew to enabling Air Tivernet to bring Victorian rabbits uudet the notice of the Admiralty Di Blown superintendent of food for export x csterday packed a sample of i ibbits canned al Sir Rupert Clarl e s I faetorv at Sunburx and consigned the eise lo the Agent Gcnenl The annn ii interstate conference of rail xvi\ coimniss oners wns continued it the R ni i ly Offices Spencer street xesterdiy Ali G Pcndlcton commissioner of railways m South Aastrahn presided Valions mattcis affecting uniformity of parcels i ites conditions foi the cirringe of mciclicndisc and Irte stock &c; xverc discussed but the result of the commissioners deliberations xvill not be announced until the conclusion of the conference It is expected that the questions on the agenda paper w ill be dis posed of m time to allow the confetence to finish its labours on 1 nday At the meeting of the state Txecutivo Council held jestculaj cons deiation was gixen to tho ciscs of John Chirles Man nlng and Ldwaid Chomlej Alanmng w is sentenced to dcith on a clnrgc of hiving murdered ma wife Mary Ad i ALinmng at Bendigo on 1 ebronry 0 No dec sion was nruved at bj the Council in icc,ard to his case Smtence of death xxas rccoidcd ig inst Chomloy in respect to a clnrge of lux ng ittempted to poison lohn Hickey it iolifeio West 1 ist f íppslalld V iccom mend lion xvjh iccencd horn the stile Alin stix xvhicn consideied the fact« of the cuse at its C linnet meeting on Tuesdax nd acting on th b the sentence was com muted by the 1 xeeutivo Council to 10 jc tis impiisonincnt Inquiiv was milo by Ali i Bio in (NSW ) ni the House of Rcj usent ittxcs jestulix whclhci it win count tint necess ly telephone woik tlint w is hunt, "P in Now South V\ les was not being cal ried out owing to the delay m passing the nd ditional Jvst in ites and was the Ircasuret i wine tint a gteit public inconx entonce xi is caused in loiisequcncr Si Willum lyne lephcd ti b he w is vet} intiou« to c,el the udl tonal 1 st unites pissed Ali Biown must 1 no x that i gie I uinotint of inonex w is lcqiuicl und mole thm the Lstimtites in chief contained \au wunt twieo as muchî" asked Mr Sampson bn William Lyne »mid that until the additional Ertiwtei ¡h«ujp«s»4 ta lad onto tbft Ticasurer s advance io woik on and all the demtm lu could not be mel out of this I he vvoil lefcircd to lu Ali lit own wa» mi poitnnt and he dcHiioit to hive tituléis c illc.1 as soon is tin moncv vins voted . > th it llicie Mould lie no fm.hu del iv Olio action brought 1>\ the PipiiU This lees 1 xeculors mid \c,ency Co I td is cxccutois of the will of the hie Hcniv Rd ston igunst Hiud Phillips of Mclio^c sil cet 'Noi til Melbourne chinning speedie pel foi m ince of nine conti acts turned bv the defendant who igicrd to pinchase sever li cott ipes in \oi_h Melbourne and .stotvalc vv is concluded befóle Jill Justice Hodges yesterday ..cording lo the plaintiffs Hie subject matter of tin contracts consisted of 12 coll ices belonging to the testator, which the dolendmt tyeed to bin foi LI-00 i he defendant deniel tim such analice incut and slated that he hld tyeed willi in estate ac.cnt m \oitli Melbourne named Welch who w is acting is igent foi the plnntiffs lo pinchisc lo cottages foi C1 200 lillee of the lo cott ic,c_ belongil!!, lo the estilo of the teslitors widow The de fend mt itcordingh sought to be rcliev d from the contracts relied upon by tin pi vin tiffs on the gioun 1 of nnslal c Mr Ins lice Hodc.es in giving judgment said that the eise dopended upon a question of fiel All Welch hid given his evidence in an honest minnel lie undoubtcdlj had thought theie were 15 houses to 1« sold 11 list but th it místalo wau diseovcied lie foie tin defend mt s ¿ned the conlncts and be (Mr T ishce .lodges) behoved that Hie defendant hal discovered tint mistake be fore the conti icts wcle signed -.hue had been a blip nude in i lcttei wnilen to the détendant in the lirst in tinco In a pirtj interested in the mattei m which 1. houses vc\o .mdoul.lci.lv mentioned which bad given use to the trouble md he f\Tr Tus tice Hodges) thou.ht that the defendant 1 new of the slip and tried to I ii o adv in tige of it and when he found he could not do «o he lepcntcd of his bait,mi 1'ul 'i° had done so too hte us the contracts hld 1 ecn signed iftei they had 1 ecn examined In his solicitT lheie would accordinglv be i dccipc in fnvotu of the pluntiiib loi speedie reifoinunce of (he contriets uni tlie defend mt would hive to piv the costs of the ni lion Mi St irle (lnsbitcled In Messrs Hunt an 1 Utbci) nppeired foi the plnntiffs and Mi Pigott (instructed by Mcosis M Incrncv Al Inciney, ind A\in grove) foi the defend mt \ special case staled bv Tudgc Johnston, as chin man of the Uondigo Ccner.l bes sions and nusing out of i prosecution he fore the Court of Petty Sessions at the sime oili was ngned in the Pi íctico Coull vcstcidij before Ali Justice Hood Pi o ecedings vveic tal u undei the Police Offences \ct 1907 ng nnst O Wong foi h iv mc. m his possession gold suspected of being unlawfully obtained mid on that chirge he was convicted Hie evidence given show id lint on Devembei fl last two detectives watching the piennses of i gold buyer nimed Piseoe of Hargre ives street lien digo suv i Chinaman named Ah Soon enter the shop md soon attci O Wong followed Hie detectives followed and found Hut about 007 or gold had been offei ed foi s ile In Ah Soon lo au issistnnt of P tscoc b Inspectoi Commons stopped O Wong who was attempting lo leive the «hop and put ting lus h nul into his inside poel et found about Co/ of cold O AAong sud he Ind cot the cold fiom a cousin who li id lcit it with lum without saving tnvthing and had gone to China lins statement w is nftcrwnrds shown to lie wrong Counsel foi 0 Wong eontende 1 that there wn» lu» evidence befoic the jilslices tifloriling ground for suspicion that the gold had been ob tamed bv uni iw ful means I he lrgunicnl was not accepted bv the iiisticcs and on nnpeal Judge Johnston i cfii ed to distuib their decision but stated the abovo ease setting out the facts foi the opinion of the Supiomc Court Aftei hearing aigu ment Mi Tustiee Hood s nd it seemed 11 terlv incredible lo say tint from the fict the defendant lind told a bo about Ins pos session of the gold he therefoi c w as to be suspected of having obt lined it unlawfully The conviction should bo quashed with costs Ali Gurner (instructed by the Crown solicitai) appealed for the infor mant « ml Mi luke Muiph. of Bendigo, lor the defend mt A repoit was lccenllv supplied to the state pnhho service commissioner by the boaid which inquired into the case of Warder I1 rancis 1 dvvard Watson who xvas implicated in what is 1 novvn is the Pent uduc swac' eise Iii Imard found that A\ilson hid uni iwfullv held communie i tions directly oi indirectlj with one or more pnsoneis tint he introduced lobacio and other contribuid aiticles into Pent ndfeo and i hat he Ind enileavouied to cause to be dein c ed to a. pi isonei certain tobveco and othci al líeles Hie 1 xeculivc Council on the recommend ilion of the Pub lie Service Commission, lias decided to dis miss Wilder Watson A board consisting of Messrs P Cohen PM.II P Wade, Government shoi th ind writer and J P Holmes chief clerk and accountant, penal brinch has been ip pointed to lnqimc into a charge which In been laid a&unst; W A'eitch ti truant ofh eel of tile J due ition depattment Mi Ramsay Salmon a. Victorian, who acquwml the art ot ice skating at the Gin -lurmm, leaves s'loitly for Lurope to lcpie sent Vuitiaha n lie competition foi the worlds rhampionship Po monow evening ii the Glauarium at 0 o'clock, Ml Silmon w ill give an exhibition Residents of Moe Swamp Trafalga! w ho were introduced In Mr naine M LA vesterdav put befoie the secret irv foi works (Mi Ural tin) a request that the Government should construct a drain for three quarters of a mile between points in the swamp 1 novvn as Cumminge and Paynes They explained tint the woik v/ould cost i.120 and that Hie drain was urgently needed because the land was flooded during the winter lime Air Mai tin when piomising to lil ice the riquest lefoie the Alinislci foi Works (Mr Cinic ion) sud th it 1750 Ind already been pio vided upon this yiirs Lstnnatcs foi ci. pendituro at the sivauip Pol the two v leint positions of inspee lois of oichaids &> ipphcilions have been lcceivcl J he sahl j is U92 pel innuiu and C10 pel month li tv citing expenses J he examination will he held in a roupie of j wee! s In the meantime candidates who so desue tin inspect the collection of fungi at the oflice of Mi \I \lpine md the in sect pests at the tooms of Ali lrcueh Go veminent entomologist A deputation from the simo of "Ccr.ng consistir p or Ali Cullen Al L \ Hie pre sident ot the shne (Councilloi Willi mi son) and Councilloi Peacocl w utcd on the Poslniistcrfiencril (Mi Aiiugel) ves terday to urge the claims of lvering to in eleased facilities It wes pointed out tint the dit.li let w is a busy and populous one vet lvetnng w is not in telephonic commun! cition with Bendigo Mi Aliugcr leidtlv acceded to the lequcst and impressed on the depuUition Iii it the object of tin Postal deputmentwas to provide telephonic facili ties wherevei possible in the countiy dis Iricts Particulars nie now atailalile of the cohcli tionn nndoi tvlueli applications an being in vited foi the selection of North western Mulloo land linn is the lust instalment of i laige irei ivluch the Goiornment is milking uadable foi settlement nnd the 18 000 acics in lcbpcet to ttlneli nppliea lions aie heme, united lio in «hat is knott n is the Pureka lounlrt ">2 lo J4 miles noitli Mest of the Ultima ruht jj htilion The atea Ins been dntded into 14 allotments varying m si/e from ¡00 to (¡50 acres and a schedule lias been prepared end is pub- lished in the ' Government Garotte," giving the el iKsilication of the land, \ due per aero, and amount of halfjeirlt payments Applications nie to bp addressed to the pre aident of the Homd of Lind and Worl s and must be lodged it any Ciotvn lands office oi receipt and pay ofliec in the state ol on befoie Wednesday June 17 A represent atitc gathering of membeis of the 1 ldeis' Associition of the Presbv leran Church met it dinner yesterday oven ing at Hie Vicloiia Codec Palace, Collins street Among the guests wcie the Rev John Wen (moiler itoi of the General As scmblj) Professor Adam and many minis tern and elders of the metioiioht in ind pro \ mci ii churches to tihoin rhe piesident of the association (Mi lohn Steele,) CNtcnded a cordiil welcome 'Hu modcratoi lined j responded Professot Adim gate an uldtess on Hie Mmibtrv of tho Llflct," and in the course of his r( mail s lomplimentcd the as Roci it ion on then splendid work in regaid to religious Hist) iii lion in state schools \ pi ogress 1 cpoi t of the dollie.« of the nsso nation loi the euncnt ten lins pie»entid bj Mi AlGillitiny Among the nimisteis mid elders \tlio gue addi esses wuc the lins D \ Camelon, ii W Rock, and II Wilson, and Mcssis A Bj el s G S Muck iy, John Muckiehnn, A M Nichol, W C KobeiUon, and L lliber Last ctening t successful conceit was giten it the City îseusltots' il ill in Colo m indel pi ice I he Ploy miine tv is nlanget! bt Alis.-. Mice Willct md Aliss Cunt fold and theie tv as an excellent attendance Hie piograinme consisted of songs tee limitions, ind a clevei display of eonjunng by Mi Clif fold llsholl, jnd gate g1 cut pleasim \niong others who contrilnittd to tho evening's amusement were Miss Ktiby Mooic, whose recitation «as ten «musing, Di Leary, MissSttcel Jil loslii White, Miss M'Kn>, Jil Kellt md thiee members of the so nott-Willie Illina) Will Alniihon and lohnnv JI Dougall-Mini» popuhu choius songs in «Inch the audience joined J he Acting Loid Mnjoi addicssed tho boys, and encouraged them to do their duty, and to get on with what work ("hey bid to do There was plenty ot room la tho world for Buçjjaujfui bud,*»! ia Amtnduv tfaen ana nothing to prevent n bo\ ii ho began bin as n nt\ nevmbov ftoui rising lo the highest nmg of the Iulilci Min lltvcv Han pie sent 1 Hil luna with si oil« im'1"' ","," "V tin. iicwshovs picnic Kc (nth Mi HI "»I llnll who m a linn fnr-nd lo Hie socielv piisonteil it «lill u colliUion of 251) stioimlv hound volumes in well known authoi« lins f,ift i« oin Unit M c,reitlv uppicciatcd J lie uirpuitiis ilusa lias inndo a \ory piosciil illili bool ease and one ot the oldci boja has been appointai hin Ulm An interesting pn'lci ninn il w ts lit lil 1 ist night nt the ¡south Ï nu i SUntmi, Ililli Alnm ingenious and som loallv ulislic eistunies were worn One lid\ Mrs J DiNon itdv 111 ising n On pel sticcl jew ellen lum woic it wit Mid ii (Kit) worth of duniond One \oimh ninn hill hinibclf in ¡in immense eigai ton emu. about 8ft into the nu nbove his held lie de cn ed tin pn/e he evontuullv c,ol Anothci lid\ mule nn itüietne diess out of wall pipen and two oiipnil souls went ti ni in sick i loth Jwo fciocmtis , i\ i|,cs loimed duilv Wots on the proceeding mill t voting Imlv Mues Connie lurnei wolc i plcltv dies» Bown ovet willi -minimi leaves Miss Hool of Holland wns tlieie nml imiimiei iblc pionols "Nil }a\\\ ie|iii*.eiitiiig 1 iii coln Stuirt und Co s t,oing (liioubIi the woild poilci won the tulon* ]ontei pn/e ind tin ehimpion pn/e Mi Wheat! md (Coopera furriel s) w is the liest diipcn poster Ml Wntt dro\e the 1 est team le presenting the Melbourne Spot (a Depot and conaisling of Missen W uti O C onnoi (two) and Hislop Mr \ Al Pileison ulm i u ned the hugo cigu foi the Matidot Cigir Companv won the lol icconisls competí lion The best photographic costume wa« tint of Ashton Studios Wiudsoi worn bj Miss Heere and Mis Die» foi Huschet ^ontli Melbourne tool the gioeers pnre Mi Collina iepiesonled Pitee Giilhths and Co nnd Uie spints pn/,c iel! to lum Min» V linn, who wore the willpipci diess took the pi i/o for Hie moa! giotesque dioss, ind if quainlncss and taste togetbet mal e for giotesqiteiicRs dozened it During the evening a fla«libght pholognph of I ho toi lection waa tuken Mi Vlhert Mnllinaon the cninposei ne ompmied bj his wife Mudime Anna Stcinbiucr, "-liled fiom Colombo In ti» denn in mill steamer Zietin vcatouliy, and on ui null m Melbourne will yve i aeursof song recitils it the lownhill eommene nig on lune 20 Alúdame Steinhuuei is tho leading Danish soprano Toi the fourth Atiirshall 11 ill orchestril conçut, whieh will bo given it tho low ti lull on Situidav ifteinoon, ispccnllv m teieeting piogiamiiic has been pioudcd Mis» 1 mill Dj-ison tho well known limn late will plnv with the onhestn Beet hovens Piuiiofoito Concerto No % ind fechubert'a A initions on an Ongin ii llieme will be pel lol mod for tho iirst time in Mel bourne 1 he piogramnic ilao oontniiia two livouritc overtures- Mendelssohn a Mil ?nimmel Nights Dieain md Brolhovens Leonora >. o "5 Hie bo\ plun is now open it Minn a Mi and Mis Charles Siundeis mule then list appeirnnce in the Tow nhill ve= terday ufteinoou The chit which his been a prominent and no\el fcituie m I rev iona concci Is w is dispensed w ith on the whole vvisolv, foi cntci timinie, us these tilla have been (he clFeel of the stiain upon the voice of the singci w is \en pcieeptible and be waa unable io do Jull justice to himself Scoics of pi opie on talk is well as Ali Simuléis but \ci\ feu eau sing is ho does and be did well \esteidi\ in confining luniaclf to the lendenng of the cxccllint piogi mime which he pie sentcd lim numbcis were Schuberts in comparible Serenade Nevin a ' O that we two -weic Maying Snrnncrlon lleip« 4nnibcl lee Am old s To lulu Loevve s 'Be neil mr H indel s Haste theo Njmph from Í Allegio Gounod s Lend mo j oin aid and a new feen i from ihe Golden legend In Kent Sutton Miss C1 ira Robson contributed Alainss '0 Migo fioi Come anect morning " bj \ L Willliew « Olcinci s Sluuibei ^ong Del Riego s 1 md of Roses B It itdclot s lluee Green Bon nets" and Sulliv in b God «hill wipe nvnj ill teais Ihe two nilibts joined forces m Pinsiiti a duct Lvcning ' iii Harold S Llvins m addition to uceomp-injing nil t le song« pluved Chopin s Nocturne in C sharp inmoi ' ind Walu in h minor" The usual weelly oigin reeitil bv Dr W G Pi lee wns given vcstcidiy pvening in the Town lull instead of in the ifteinoon Dr Price phjed Morandi s lésinai ' ovei ture, Ilijdns Lmpeiot mintet (Ihn slow movement) Uichs fugue in D a fnnlasii on 0 feiiietissinn In I u\ the pi elude lo Lohengrin and a selection iiom Gounod a Inust Mam encoles weie given b\ Di Puce nmongat which was Ginini ml s Pis tor ile Hie piogi iminc was igieeibh varied by the aasiatunce of Alisa Caiincii Pmschof who sang Alhtsen a Song of 1 ha.nl Rgiving ' and 1 Igu » Lind of Hope mid Glorj,' to which she -iddcd na an on core ' Because ' bj Gin dlludclot of Ali llorice Stevens who interpieted Wognei s btiu of 1 ve nnd Gounod b Nazaicth and icsponding to the eneoie given to lum sang Loi 1 Henrv Somersets Once Moie and of Ali 1 oma Hittenhieh who plujed the and into from Divuiofl s cello concerto in D minoi, i pietty Wiegenlied bj the Pnnccss of Aleiningeii which he repealed mid Martinis celebi ited 'Givolte' and an eneoie bung demiiided lu plavcl Semi mann h Tuiumcici Hie next lecitil will be on Wcdnesd ly afternoon at 1 o clock Mr Mauger desires to ickiiowlcdge ti e following nil litional uiuounls to ti c I I Hone Vnnillty i illili -Mi John Connell £1/1/ Mr 1 II Nil 111 10/11 The lloj ii r-ocleh of Victoria will hold U ordlwuy meeting itboilor] ti lu evening in the soclctj's lill V klorH blrcct I n| crs will lo read bj 1 rofosÄirs 1 wart un I Kk its ni d I \ MPBSrs L O Hiele nul II fcuinlilers Tile ltcv A 1- Alliston M \ will conlict lila lnidtlnj uemeo lo-daj in the Xtlien-cum hall ut 10 minutes p*tst 1 o cloek ric Naval Iiefence of vuslrnlh liv T ctitcnant Ttordcrn II N is Do sliljict of i lectuio to le given before Hie merni cía of li Imperi il 1 e Im tion Lngnie oi Moidjj In tile Mell irne Towi 1 uti nui] nrler i dst 1 p in The Prime Mini kr (Mr Deakin) will preside 