CABLE NEWSJN BRIEF. ENGINEERS' DISPUTE. LONDON, Thursday. A joint, conference held in London has adopted, subject to a ballot among the men. a settlement of tho North-east Coast shipbuilding- en- gineers' dispute with regard to a re- duction in wages, and there aro strong hopes that the settlement will be accepted. LOSS OF THE BELMORE. The Board of Trade has hold an inquiry into tho loss of the tug Bel- more, which capsized and sank near Hosgharib, in the Red Sea, in June last, while on the voyage from the Ivde to Svdnev. Judgment was delivered to tho effect that the Bel- more was overladen when she left Port Said, her Plimsoll mark being submerged, and hen stability was insufficient. TAXATION IN GERMANY. An article in the "North German Gazette" implies that heavy addi- tional taxation is to bo imposed in Germany on articles of general con- sumption, moro especially luxuries. There will also be taxes on gas and electricity, and an extension of the legacy . duties. LIGHTWEIGHT CHAMPION. In the fight for the lightweight championship, Nelson knocked out Guns in the twenty-first round. JOHNSON AND BURNS. Johnson, the coloured heavy weight champion, is considering a draft agreement for a fight with Burns in Australia. AUSTRALIAN IMMIGRATION POLICY. LONDON, Friday. . Commenting upon a cablegram published by the "Times" to the effect that the last conference of Australian State Premiers decided to hamper and resist the proposals of the Federal Government for the en- couragement of immigration, the "Westminster Gazette" states that the success of tho White Australia policy depends upon whether suffi- cient numbers of immigrants can-bo attracted to justify the exclusion' of non-whites.. , , . ,'* .COTTON TRADE DISPUTE. ', A joint conference between the'em- ployers and employees in the Lan- cashire cotton trade, with regard to the proposed reduction in wages, has been held at Manchester, but the conference failed to arrive at a .settlement of the dispute. Efforts ure, however, being made towards the holding of another conference. NEW BATTLESHIP LAUNCHED. The new battleship St. Vincent, an improved Dreadnought, of 19,250 tons displacement, was launched at tho Portsmouth Dockyard yesterday The ceremony was performed by Countess Beauchamp. A BRAZILIAN BATTLESHIP. The battleship Minas Geraes, a vessel of the Dreadnought class, which is being built for the Govern- ment of Brazil, was launched on the Tyne yesterday. FOREST FIRES IN CANADA. Forest fires have broken out in Canada, and an immense area in the province of Ontario is now ablaze. The town of Fort William is threat- ened by the fires. CAPE WINE LICENSES. The Legislative Council of Capo Colony has passed the second rend- ing of the Light Wine Licenses Bill, on the Government promising to in- corporate a local option clause in tho measure. EX-MINISTER'S FRAUDS. M. Alberti, Danish ox-Minister of Justice, was recently arrested nt Copenhagen, on his own confession, on tho charge of forgery and de- frauding the Zealand Pensants' Savings Bank, of which ho was a director, of '£500,000. It is, how over, now stated that his defalca- tions amount to £1.000,000. CHOLERA IN ST. PETERSBURG. An outbreak of cholera has occur- red in St. Petersburg, ,and thirty seven cases and twelve deaths havo been reported. TOLSTOY'S BIRTHDAY. Count Leo Tolstoy, the famous Russian author and social reformer, .celebrated the 80th. anniversary of his birthday yesterday, the day being spent quietlv with the mem- bers of his family and intimate friends. He was greatly touched by the world-wide greetings which ¡he received. TURKISH PRISONER RELEASED, Silvio Ricci, who it is believed was some time ago the author of an attempt to kill'the Sultan of Turkey as he was leaving a mosque, and was arrested at Stamboul, where ho had returned in'the belief that the general amnesty, to political offen- ders included him, has now been released, on the ground that his arrest was contrary to the amnesty proclaimed by tho Sultan. FIGHTING IN MOROCCO. The casualties sustained by the Berlin tribesmen in the recent battle with a French forco at Djorf, in Morocco, are stated to havo num- bered 2000. JAPAN'S POLTCY OF ECONOMY. Router's correspondent at Tokio reports that the Marquis Katsura, acting Premier, addressing a meet- ing of the Bankers' Club, outlined Japan's policy of rigid economy. He stated that this policy was now fixed, and .would place the world's hope of peace upon a surer founda- tion. SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. Arrivals.-Ruapehu, s., from New Zealand ports ; Matatua, s., from New Zealand ports. Departures.-For Brisbane : Argen fels, s., from New York. For Sydney : Nairnshire, s., Seydlitz, s., from Bremen. For Melbourne : Earl of Dunmore, barque, from Frederik stadl. For Adelaide : Loch Torri- don, Jeannette Francois, and Pierre Loti. For. Wellington . Orari, s. 