i Men and | I Matters. Z It is unfortunate that Kid stem's motorcar should have begun its career with a baptism of blood. Even in 'God's own country' there is unrest, and labour troubles are now as acute there as anywhere else in the Empire. One legislator blames land, monopoly, and it has undoubtedly a pfood deal to do with it. Every coun try is 'God's own country' because Cod made the land, but it is the Devil who drives in the pegs and puts the fences up. ? Ernest Favenc holds that the deserts of Australia have a splendid destiny. 'The day of the creat plains has not yet come (he says). Sonic day, ana not a long day either, it will lie inde pendent of the seasons of drought, and the hidden water that has been so long stored up for its use, for countless ages, predestined by thrifty ages for the benefit of these great dry plains, be brought to the surface to bless it and crown it with productiveness.' 'Say ! whar's that nlaee with all the o's in it ?' askt a Yankee Jack in Sydney. He was looking for Woolloo mooloo ! ? Organiser Paddy Langston, of the Northern Branch (Longreach) A.W.IT., is at present in the Longreach Hospi tal waiting to undergo ah operation. Brisbane Sun, under new Editor Da vies a newsy and readable paper, reports that 'the Siamese twins of the Ministry.' Messrs. Airey and Kerr, entertained a number of their South Brisbane friends at a picnic on board the Government yacht Lucinda last Saturday, and among other fizz, find soft-stuff served up the statement that they intended to 'form a new party in opoosition to Mr. Kidstun .should he attempt to make any coali tion with Mr. Philp which did not in clude them.' ? A letter from Tozer, received the other day in Queensland, describes the automobile that Kidston is bringing back with him as 'a replica of the King's car,' and names its price as £1250. Add the tariff and accessories, and the total cost will be something like £1700. No doubt it was with the sniff of the petrol already in his nos trils that Kidston declared, at the send-off banquet tendered to him by Fat in Melbourne, 'I am done with the Labour party for ever.' The Socialists of America have char tered a train to convey their Presiden tial candidate through the country on his election campaign. 'The Rea Special' they call it, and it is costing (hem the Yankee equivalent of £4000. 'It's too bad to beerin with a fall,' said Governor-General Dudley, as he slipt when making his official landing at Sydney. He needn't worry. Aus tralia can forgive more than one slip to a man who makes £130.000 a year out of the labour of other people, without doing a stroke himself, as Dudley does at the expense of British miners. Herr Bebel, leader of the German Socialist party, in the course of a let ter to Ramsay Macdonald. the English Labour member, states that he believes war between Germany and England to be possible. One; needn't be much of a prophet to say that if such a war takes place it will be caused by Ger man and British capitalists trying to grab each other's markets, and sooling on the working class to do their fight ing. ' ? The following has reached this office: 'Cloncurry, Sept. 10. — John May ad dressed a large and enthusiastic meet ing here last night. A vote of con fidence in him was carried unani mously.'- Charles C. Cunningham, employed as ledger- keeper in the Sydney Worker of fice, was committed for trial in Sydney last week on a charge of having em bezzled money belonging to the Aus tralian Workers' Union. Three women are among the nomi nees for selection by the N.S.W. Labour Leagues as candidates for the Federal Senate elections. H. I. Jensen, D.Sc, one of the brightest young scientists in Australia,, is back in Queensland from SydnJj.W He has surrendered his position as holder of the Linnean Macleay Fellow ship, which carried with it a salary of £400 a year, in order to seek work that will give htm a greater oppor tunity of studying the geology of the mining fields of this State, which he considers has magnificent prospects of mineral development. Nearly all our flit-edged rulers are dabblers In the muddy ways of capi talism. Exrj&pvernbr; General North coto, for .ihBtattco.sr was an original, director of 1&©; Onawdian Pacific Stall way, a corporation with, a boodling re cord unsurpassed in our time. The Labour Bureau of New York admits that there are over 200,000 people out of employment in that Baby ten of millionaires. '~In London a similar state of things prevails. Thus do the capitals of Protection and Free trade reach hands across the sea ! Socialism is proportionately stronger in Finland than anywhere' else on earth. At the late elections there the Socialist party polled 304,000 votes, as against a total of 480,000 for the five other parties opposed to it. Serious charges of a financial nature have been published in the Wcstralian Worker against Julian Stuart, which leave him no option but to retire from public life unless he is able to refute them in a court of law, as his accuser invites him to do. Lady Frances Balfour throws out a revolutionary suggestion to the suf fragettes of Great Britain. The way to get the vote, she says, is to refuse to cook for thc^jneii_uniiljLhiiV^concedG it ! ~ ? Victoria's terrible Tommy announces the intention of his Government to in troduce a progressive land tax. Tommy is himself a pretty heavy tax on the land, though no one will accuse him of being a progressive one. Stealing is an art that needs a, Jot of study. When Alberti, the Danish ex-Minister for Justice, tried to be come rich in a hurry by misappropria ting a million pounds from the Pea sants' Bank, he only succeeded in get ting'' himself landed in jail. He hadn't learned to steal in the right way. A Northern journal thus refers to Queensland's Home Secretary : 'Mr. A. G. C. Hawthorn, the dapper little Queen-street solicitor with the India rubber political conscience, who by rule of Topsy Turveydom is head of 'the department which crabs all revenue from the local authorities.' It is a shame to talk like that of one of the most harmless nonentities that ever held red tape. ? New York Journal has been com paring Millionaire Rockefeller's income with that of emperors, kings, and pre sidents. The Journal says that for the last twenty- five years and ajhalf the income of all the rulers of Europe and presidents of North and South America totalled £172.362,456, whils during the same period Rockfeller's income amounted to no loss than £185,800,000, ? Market item in the daily press : 'Rump steak is now selline1 retail at lOd. per lb., and up to 1/- for best cuts. Pork is also 10d., and lees of mutton 5d., these rates being higher than in the London market.' If this kind of thing continues we'll have to start importing Australian beef and mutton from Great Britain. Judging1 by the number of Milk-oh's who have been fined in Brisbane re cently, their stock has been very much watered. ? Captain A. H. Your Colonial Sec retary of the Straits Settlement, in his annual report points out very for cibly how English shipping rings are ruining John Bull's oversea trade, owing to the secret rebates given to foreign firms. The captain says that goods that would otherwise have cojne from England to the Settlement have been diverted to the European continent, and British tramp steamers have been ousted. Jt is not foreign rivals Great Britain has to fioht, but the enemy within its gatos. Labour member Payne, when addres sing his constituents recently at Long reach, said he believed that there should be religious instruction, but he also told them straightforwardly that the State school wasn't the place to teach it in. ? There are blacksmiths and others employed in the Ipswich Government workshops at lower rates than are paid by private enterprise. Was it for play- ing the part of a sweater that Parlia- ment last session, at Kerr's instigation, increased Horniblow's fat salary, and allowed the old-age regulation to be suspended in his case ? Fifteen thousand delegates are at tending a big Social Democratic Con gess at Nuremberg. Germany. British delegate Quelch at one of the meetings declared that the Chauvinistic boodlers in all countries brought about wars for the sake of the profits they would make out of them, and he is pretty near the mark. ? ? Labour member Payne has been put ting in some solid work during the last month or so in his own and adjacent electorates. He has toured all the lower end of the Barcoo out as far as Windorah (Bulloo), addressing meetings at Westbury and Ambo sheds and in the town of Muttaburra ; also Mount Cor nish and Bowen Downs sheds, and at Aramac, and last week in Longreach. Mr. Payne expresses his satisfaction with the general feeling towards the Labour party in the places visited, and intends to continue his propaganda work, hoping soon to be', joined by La bour member Hardacro. Messrs, Bowman and' Maughan, Ms.L.A,, are to address public meetings at Pdttsworth on Saturday, 19th in stant, and at Toowoomba on Monday, 21st instant. If arrangements can, be made they will proceed to Warwick, and address a meeting there during the , coming week. __'- - Mrs. E. Miller has recovered from her recent illness, and is just as lively and full of Labour enthusiasm as ever. \- Strikes -in New Zealand have brought Minister Millar to his wits' end. He now declares there is a limit beyond which wages cannot go. Slave owners used to say something like that before tiie abolition of slavery. M-eanttme Maoriland Labourites are organasdng po litically to secure efficient Mimistesrs, who understand how to remove th,e wage system, and put something better in its place. Millionaire Carnegie has, by letter in vited the war lords of Uie world to give over fighting, and adopt arbitration as a means of settling disputes. Andy ad dressed' the wrong parties. His letter, should have gone to the Money Lords, who are the masters of the war lords. In the Commonwealth session just opened the first business transacted in the House of ? Representatives -was a, 'score lor 'Labour, viz., the introduction of Labour member Roberts, who repre sents Adelaide in the place of the late Charles Kingston. Every American naval engineer is a navigator, and every navigator an en gineer, who can regulate the throttle valve just as well as he can take a turn at the wheel. In a recent reference to the naval subsidy for defence purposes'. Rev. Carr Smith' of Sydney said that we in Aus tralia should be ashamed to allow the poor of Great Britain to be heavily taxed while we escaped. Another point the reverend gentleman missed, which makes the matter worse, is that the poor in both countries have no property to defend. The Commonwealth Parliament was opened by Governor-General Dudley on Wednesday last. Among the subjects in^ dicated for legislation are : An amend ment of the Constitution relating to the 'New Protection,' the capital of Australia, national defence, the federal ising of navigation laws, the acquisition of the Northern Territory, the estab lishment of the iroai industry and of an agricultural bureau, and the encourage ment of immigration , No sane person ever now denies the law of evolution. You can plainly see its application even to Labour. In the beginning slavery, next feudalism, now the wage system ; and a6 it is not pos sible for Capitalism to stop evolntion, we must sooner or later leave the wage system behind us, and enter upon the Socialistic stage, Tn addition to a petition containing? 1600 names praying for the release of James Kenniff, which was presented ,to the Home Secretary some weeks ago by Labour member Coyne, on Friday last Mr. Coyne, on behalf of Labour member Hunter, presented another and similar petition containing 700 signatures of persons representng all classes- of the community and every shade of politics in the Maranoa district, where the Ken nilTs formerly resided. By capturing the electorate of Men z.ies durin'g the recent elections, Labour member Buzacott defeated Gregory, the Westraliaii Minister for Mines, who lost his seat in Parliament. The complete return of the Westra lian elections are not yet to hand, but suffiriont is known to warrant the state ment that Labour has more than- held its own. ? Labour member Anstey declares that the Victorian Minister for Water Supply and' his relatives constitute a financial ring, which has under its- control the m expenditure of all public money! beloiig ' ing to the State. Germany now leads the world in the number of organised trade unionists. Collected by R. P. Buchanan, North Comongin, for the Kingston Memorial Fund, £2 7s. 6d. Organiser P. Crowley, Sugar Workers' Union, Childers, wishes us to acknowledge the following subscriptions for the Isis District Hos pital : Petersen's Gang, 17s.; Doolbi Mill, Childers, 26s. 5d. Collected at Linwood by Geo. . Buckinham, £3 17s. 6d. The Labour Choir meets as usual on Wednesday next, 23rd inst. Besides practice, very important business will be submitted to members. The following evening (Thursday) the usual meeting of the Social Democratic Vanguard will be held. In the Bulimba electorate no less than five centres of W.P.Os. are in full swing, and the Labour propaganda being put in is awaxen ing much interest. On Monday week the parent branch met at Carl street, Thompson Estate, and there was a good attendance, when Joe Collings also got in a half-hour's chat on Socialism. On Wednesday night the first meet ing of the newly formed Wynnum branch took place at McBean's Hall, South Wynnum, and on Thursday night the Bulimba branch gave a grand concert and dance in the School of Arts, Bulimba, to an overflowing house. Queensland statistics for 1906 bIiow that tho total amount of Income tax paid -on account of property income was £28,343, the Incomes assessed amounting to £506,016, amid on behalf of personal exertion the tax totalled £148,872, the incomes amounting to £6,426,596. 