NOTES FROM LONDON. (From Our Special Representative). London, Aug. 7. Thq event of the. week was.the Freetrade Congress. Five hun dred delegates from all arts of the world assembled at Westminster to take counsel .toether as to how t;he principles of Cobden. maybe extend ed. This international gath6ring was the first of the kink ever held, and it is understood that the signal success which attended the function will lead to it being made an an nual fixture. Probably the most striking feature of the congress was the varied character of the renre sentation. So far as ureat Britain was concerned ordinary party lines were entirely obliterated. Conser vative Freetraders and Socialists mixed freely together; great cap tains of industry from London .-nd the North' sat side by side with La hour M's.P. and' delegates from trade unions. As regards -the Con tinent, the French delegation 'was. the largest, but Belgium, with 28, was not far behind."` In Germany the rgatherlnmr aroused 'a surprising amount cf interest. and 'the news papers there devoted much attention to it. The representatives from: Kaiserland included ,such "distin guished men as Dr. Theo.. Barth and Professors Arndt. Brentano; and Latz. Exceptionally weiehty, also, was the' United States delega tion, -comprisin~ as it did' Professor Sumner,- 6f Yale, the Hon. John de Witt Warner, president of the Ame rican Freetrade League, Mr. Har vey Shepherd. chairman .of the exe cutive committee of the 'same con stitution, the Hon: Arthur -B. Far quhar, chairman 'df the Law Com mittee' of the National Association of Manufacturers,. Mr. Herbert Miles, -chairman of the tariff com mittee of the same body.v, and Mr. Louis Post, the well-known editor and author. Altogether the gather ing' was one of, the most remark a-ble held in Iondon during :recent years. Here are some specimens of the speeches :-Professor Brentano (Ger many): "Our people shall not be converted by the' arguments Which, many of our English friends use. They are tne arguments of Cobden's day, and -they are getting antiquat ed . They refer only to 'the :con sumer. ' It is through the'produicer that -the awakening will come in Germany. And in this way.. It has been our policy to protect our 'eavy trades, such as iron and steel: The effect of this has been that our manufacturers ca 'sell their commodities heaper :abroad: than. they do' ... in .Germany. What happens 2 The"' machihe maker.and the: manufacturers in all our trades find that they are under .sold ' in their own market by the English maker, who uses the chea~p iron.: and steel. kindly furnished him 'by the Germans." Mr.' Franklin Pierce tiold almost the samne.;,story -about the, United States. "Two of: the delegates .over with mne,'' he said, "are big manufacturers One makes:' harvesting machinery.. He :finds he is being' beatesi by people who get the American raw materials more cheaply 'than' he does, ad are" abjle to send them back: made into machines to 'compete succeisfully with him. I have hopes of our movement in. the States, :because it i:s beginning 'as the British free trade movement began-.anng~ . the manufacturers. : They are begimnning to find out that 'protection means selling cliheaply abroaod and getting high prices at home. That,will not suit' a -great commercizdl ccn The Dutch and Danish delegates were able tto show that their people were increasing in prosperity as the result of the introduction of freetrade principles. Professor H~erniga?~; secretary of the 'Dutch ?Freetrade' Union, after explaining, that there ·were no import duties on: food and raw materials entering Holland, and only a b per cent. tax on manufactured goods, went. on to say that in consequence -of the abandonment of protection imports in his country had'-nearly trebled in half a century, andl exoorts'more than trebled. The area- of land u n der cultivation had increased and the production per hectare as well. All industries asr sxtending and flourishing, and the general wel fare of the people ha. increased. Whole villages are gron up on the Germaai frontier w h are in habited by worlkmnen wh can 'live more cheaply in Holland, but who work in Germany. During .the past twenty years wages in the various trades in. Holland had risen from 30 to 50 per cent.. Evidence . .as given as. to the state of affairs in Denmark by Herr Pasolicke IKoe4t, a Copenhagen manufacturer.' tHe" said his country was a century ago reckoned among the poorest: in Europe, but it was now one of the -most prosperous of the Continental States. It is an. agri cultiiral country, and it has de vel·oped its agridulture by means of "freetrade. There 'are no .duties on agricultural products, .and yet the advance of Danish -farming as shown by the official statistics is:amazing. In 20 years the exports of butter hadi inicreased from 17.500 -meteric tons to 79,800, baco?n from 7800 meteric tons to 70,000 'eggs from- 3,600,000 scores to 21,000,000, meat fro 1160 i meteric tons' to 15,400. and so on '..All this, pointed out the speaker.. hbad been aecomplished .by means of scientific education and co-operation: among the agriclturists. A masterlMy address.w was given 'by. Mr.' Alfred Mond -M:P., 'lwho spoke' as a' business: man. He .said the'" :attack on, and -defence of, freetrade: -take different_ .forms in differefnt countries. ' Th? legend -that protec tion means work for all, for instance, 'would be a -ridiculous proposition at present :in. Germany or America, where sfatesidenf were finding., the unemployed problem more 'biaffling than we in England had any concep tion of.- On the other, hand, they cry thatlhigh tariffs are necessary to] protect the 'workmenzfrom the e.ruin ous' competition of pauper labour abroad, came froih, 'muddle-headed men who were i ntentionally or unin-H tentio~tialyv .deceiving people. On t ahe .one hand .Tariff: Reformers. in England- ' say that protection :has 'made Germany a paradise for the workers ;I on -the other, they assert that tariff reform is necessary. to pro-.i tect- us from 'the products :of: pauper and sweated labour in .Germany The- truth is:that'cheap, wages mean dear production. Mr... Mond claim ed to be able to speak with authority on this point. Taking the alkali i industry - in --England; the United States, France, Belgium,, Germany,: and Russia, he found.that the labour.: .cost. per ton was highest in 'Russia where hourp were longest -and wages lowest, and lowest in -England 'and the United States, where wages were highest and hours shortest. The idea that cheap; wages meant cheap 'pro-. duction was an ecunomic untruth, :"and if you master: that fact," said Mr. Mond., "you :knock the bottom out of half the tariff reforni argu mrents.". -_. AAlmost -every visitoir from Kal goorlie I- have met in- LondOn, had somnething. not very complimentary. to say of the British. workin': mnan at work, and they go -back to .Auýs-. trilia apuarently 'thoroughly con vinced, :with r. Mr. Mond,that 'cheap', wages, and long hours mean dear productioni." " - It is as difficult just now to float".a. 'West Australian. mine in Lonrdon as for the .proverbial ciamel- -to pass through: the eye. of- a needle.. lint company promoting is: an': .industry which is .still flourishing here;, an average of° rather morethan 16 hav ing been regjstered every day' of .la-st year. .In his annual report to the Board of TWade the Comrntroller 'states that the ni~mber of companies registered in 107 again shows a large increase,' the total being 5265 for, 'the -United Kingdom, cft which England and Wales contribute 4810, Scotland 337,. and Ireland 118. There has not, ~hiowever; been an equivalent increase in the total no minal capital raegistered. -that being i £137,907,836,. as compared; with· £136.738;249 in. the previous year." -The~ Comptroller.-has some pertinent remarks to .nakle on the increasing tendency to trade with" debenture canital o'ly.-- and' with little or :ni subscribed share capital, a ~tendencg: which, 'he' 'says, seems to be uide sirable, :and not likely. 'to lead to good ffihnance. A good example is to be found in the ease of a. com pany which was started witth the small sumn of £26. in the office till; there was" no cash in the bank; -in fact- the company commenced with an: overdrafdt which was increased bh the 'end of the .first year to £22,747,. and in.. June, 1906, to £~5 790. The only share' capital subscribed for cash was C'i7 in seven £1 shares, of which. £6 still remains unpaid. At' the 'date of the winding-un order there' 'were oittstandin' loans from the •batk secured on debentures amiounting to a total of £47,888, and 'against this debt. the assets are valued at £37,293. .. The poor -. unsecured dreditors,- whose claims amdunt to £22,765, will get 2/ in. the £1; but oPnly by grace of the bank. . Mr. Richard Bell, -M.P.,i secretary of the Railwaymen's Union, writes as follows in ."Reynold's News paper": "There sems to be a touch of irony in connection with the trou ble our confreres are having ouit in Sydney just now. , We are told by Socialist advocates in this country that if we nationalised everything we. should have nob' strikes, no -vic timisation, .good wages,, good go vernment--in fact,, everything" would be a paradise. The iailtways: andA tramnways in. Sydney are State owned, Parliament has a much lar ger proportion., of Labour and Socialist: members than. we have, and yet there is a strike, on. -We have. not: muchlinforiation, in our Eng lish Press as to the cause which led; up to the. strike, but one point is . very clear, arid that is a man.inamed C?boubher i hs been dismisi'sed (vie ?unmised), and the strike, imiiredia •tely, _:is. 'for;, his :.' reinstateinment 'Here we are pressing: foi "some such court as the Industrial Disputes Court to settle .'disputes instead of strikes. .ii Sydney they hiave such a court, and .yet t:he_ men there are pressing ,:for some tribuilal outside of this . couit 'to.en9uire' into the case .of Croucher:: The Premier, however, has :definitely refused. t grant such a;tribunal, and. sid= that "'the men mubst return to :work. aun conditionally?, and t: hey, could then apply under the Industrial Dispute's Act 'for a. Wages Board to .hear any cases which. they. might choose .to bring -before . it.' Mr. .Heydon, the Judge of ':the Inidustrial ' Disputes Court,' has granted .the Crown Prose' Hcutor leave to0 prosecute. the presio deiit, 'secretary,r. a'nd - :twentys-ix ,nembers -of: the: men's executive for breach of ::the Industrial, Disputes. Act. and <promotin'g strike; Whiie I have shown the difference in 'the position :of 'affairs in one'of ,'our colo -nies where 'State' :ownership: dei tsl as compared with what wvee are told it' would be herere. if everything" were -iationalised, yet the. menein :Sydney can rely ,that they have .the- sym .athy :of all railwaymenw:. in the mother country- W:e ' sympathiso with any section 'of workers int any country where :victimisation is prace tised. There .is nothing: that will raise the feeling of any body of meni more than to, victimisee one ;of' the?r leaders or active. :.representatires. whether they. are' ezmployed by the State or private empldyer-s . We have had a. fair sh'are of it, here 'in connection` ith the recent agitation,. .although, I. azi glad to obsere?s ;x is gradually decreasing. I do 'iot find 'that private emplo3ers are -any worse in. this respect' than :.St.ate -owned '.-industries.. Men 'engaged' in, Government Departments co?ni .plain-of this pernicious prattic. a?: much as men in 'private ,emplo.." There can be no doubt thhat? the: 'SyJd ney., strike has given a. set-back; this countryo the movements, fri compulsory arbitration :in. "Labou.t disjputes, .and the nationalisation of: .the railways. Mr. :. J. JEtherington, formrl a mining engineer. in Victoria, ..~~id since 1893' & company .promoter' in LMndon, has` failed for £6028, withb assets set dowiv at £29. i Mri. T. C:. Hodgkinsdn, i~ho came it England from Melbourne" to ex ploit' an eleetro-inedical apparatus, i and who fa;iled fot £198, has be;a granted. his discharge. Credito?i received· 1/9 in the £. The "Sanitary Recobrd," a 'weekly, journal for .-nunicipil .ehgiiieers, wans :its readers against: going to Australia to 'follow their Profession. The paper pcites .three adlvertise mtnts for '.shire engiuieers where' the, saaries effered. only'\range from $20 to £300a ayea. '84 Pic cadilly , formerly occupied by the Unit Service Club . is be ang fittd un for the' Imperial. Colo nial Club. The membership already numbers 'upwards .of 2500.: . ,i Captain Hitchoock,; a delegate to t~he Pee: Ophgress, and .who states he. resided many years in' Austia lia, ha '.deniied a- statementci i the Bishop of Perth that the 'people of the Commonwealth favour conscrip: tion. ,. ' . The drapers of the Kingdom are up in aranms .agains~ t th'e .Irporba - tion of -Plumage Bill, as calculated to drive trade abroad. Evidence was, given before a committee of the House of Lords that such legis lation was. necessary to preserve rare and beautiful birds in Austral asia and elsewhere. The trade as sert 'that wealthy ladies will go to Paris and return wearing the plu n age there being nothing- in the' bill to authorise interference with any thing which is being actually worn. London. Aug. 14. London. is soon' to see another great Church congress.- Following in the wake. 4f the Pan-Anglican Congress,. the Interiational Euch aristic* Congress : is to take :place in tme metropolis . 'dur ing next month.. This, it may safely be predicted,'. will be the' most representative and iwrpor tant gathering of Roman Catholics that England has' ever witnessed. In pist years the congress has been 'hld .in Metz, Rome, Paris, P-rus sels; Jerusalem and other centres, but this year will- mark' its initial visit to England, or. indeed; to any country where the English language .is. spoken extensiirelv:y Adhererts of "R,?oman'. Cathblicis?m: from -all parts Of the world will attend.) The Pope will be' ipresented by Car dinal Vincent Vannutelli; Bishop of Pklestrina--an emlinent member- of the -College, of Cardinals. who is th' first .japal Legate to. visit Enwland in ,modern. times.. Caridhal Moran, :-Archbishop of Sydneyv. is prominent among. t-he 'distinguished. Cardinals who will take ihart. in the proceed ings: others who will attened being Cardinal 'Gibbons (Archbishop of Balt'more), Cardinal Logue '(Arch: bishon of Armagh) ,.Cardinal Lecbt (Archbishop of Bordeaux),. Cardinal Fischer, . (Ac?bishop. 'of Cologne), Ca-i'inal Mercier (Archbishop of Meebhlin), .. Cardinal Ferrari (Aich bishop of .?Milan); and . Cardinal Mathieu (formerly 'Achbishop of Toulouse, and now from the Papal Curia -of 'Rome). The. special representative .of the Pontiff -will preside. ,Apart from .the cardinals the Congress 'will. be attended- by' nearly 100 Archbishops,.. Bishops and Abbots, representing every couiry in .Europe, with the .sole exception 6f :Rusia. -"From distant 'Burma, Brazil,, and M:exico-to mention .hut a. ,few "placea--representatives will lie at' 'the 'Congress ; indeed; it is confidently-estimaeted that. no fewer than 50,O000 ,will: attend the assems bly . The.religiotis services .will take Iplace at. Westminster Cathedral;and. ia notable feature will be'ithe singiug, Fof the Byzantini Mass according to. \- ,the Greek ,ri.te, for which the Pope has giveni special sanction. Demon-:, strations will be held .at the .Albert Hall on three evenings, and- there :willl be sectibnal meetings at C ixon' a1Hall and -Westminster Cathe'dral.. As -a. souvenir of the occasion, a special medil has been struck,and 20,000 will, be:circl-ated .In addiion to. Oardi ,n?a, .Moran. ~there will be five: other Astrailasion prelates at "the con ference, namely, Archbishop. Carr,of Medlbourne' Dr. Leneham (Bishop of Auckland); Dr. Higginsn (Bishop of Ballara)X Dr. Doyle (Bishop of:Lis nore, New South Wales), anid Dr. Verdon (Bishop of.:Dunedin and for merly rector of the Priests' College -at Manly. New South Wales). The Hon. Daniel O'Connor, ex-Post maaster - Genei al of' New South 'Wales, is again in Loridon. It is but. a year 'or so since M]r. O'Con nor was 'hereha but his present trip Is; as expected as it is w leome, for he possesses a Ppalp Enighthood, and has long. taken a conisiecuoqus pirt' amonrig laymen in connection with' Gaatholicism in Sydney.; -Eifteen Anglican' prelates hailing, from :four continents this week made a pilgrimage to hat is 'known as Holy Island, on the coast of Nor thumberland, thus celebrating a re 'markable event. Hol&y; Island, the gegra~hical -description of 'which is Lindifarnei is historically, celebrat ed as -the cradle of Christianitv in the north of England. In the year 1635 St. AidtIu establiheda a monas tery there. The place 'was made a bishop's: See?:and the bishop's raLec has been handed to famei and pos terity as P. -:Cuthbe'rt. For more than 150 years the monasteryv flour ished. .: Then canmei 'an evil day, in the year 1793, when the Danes, who kLrew not the church and its sane tvaiies, deecended -on the coast in their primitive warships, led by the Danish :chieftain, kegnar Lodbrok, and i·avaged the land. Eighty-two years later the fierce 'sea-rdvers re turned,and this time they' destroyed thec monastery. In the forefront of this. weelk's pilgrimage were ., the Archbishop of Melbourne and the 'Bishops of Michigan,' Chotanagpur,. Tinnivelli, Korea, Trinidad, Ke-, watin, Wangaratta, .Osaka, Qu'ap pelle, Bristol, Saskatchewan, Barba dos, Nassau, and Newcastle. Be hind then came a long procession of clergy and. lay visitors who had first attended a consecration service at Hexham, Abbey, and then followed in the. journey from" Hexhiam to Holy Island. via Berwick. There assembled, standing . on ground which St. Outhbert's feet trod, :us ing a chalice dated 1558, amid the ruins of the ravaged monastery, the pilgrims joined in, a service led by t.e Archbishop of Melbourne (Dr. Lewther Clarke), who was for-' merl 'Vicar of Dewsburv; After ka brief a:.ddress from: the Archbishop, the leading elerrvy were ,entertained to lunch by the. Lord of the, -Manor, Major Morley GCross-' man, who .recenty received . the Prince and Priicess: of Wales on. the island. ' Later, .a' 'paitty of insnec tion as .:showr. round the' ancient uriory. -where-: the late General Sir William Crossrman, the' father of the present: Lord. lof the. Manor, carried out extensive . 'e?oavations"k which" resulted i, valuable discoveries of bygone times. Australia is, not the only oounttry which suffers' from- droughts. A wa'l of anguish is eounde.d from the vast southern ::province.' of Italy, Apulia,-, where the -n'opulation. is dying of a terrible drought.. No rains worth mentioning have fallen for the: last eighteen "months, t.he wells are empty. and the- olive groves and. vineyards present. a sp~etacle 'of withered' vegetation, while: the,- wheat: crops have failed. The Tavolire jdiszrict is: reduced. to , squalid, desert, while in :the: nei¢.hbodrhood of Bari fresh water, costs inore than wine.; Over these' vast tracts of unwatered country no artificial supply exists.. That ggaptic undertaking so. much talked of -and written about 'during' the last :20 years- the Apulian aque-. , duet, is still far. fom finished, nor in tM ,mostoptimistiic estimate will it 1e :available for .at leas: anot'er' ,eigt.eaars,. The ;cities of Andria; Earlea, Tracni an?d :Bitonto are literally famished. They have sent olanfirous "demands to the.:] Goven-. ,medi for immediate ; ree transport1 of water by railways and war?hips. The Italian Steamship Navigation Co. rhave taken the :initiative of de spatehing vessels laden with. wiater r n~ Venice, Ae; -a ona ud Sicilian p_6t to. various points .on the' Applian coast. , Recent distinguished Aust?ia lii visitors have done not a little to financially benefit thle -various States represented by them., Not able .among :tese have.- been Sir' Joseph ,oGarruthers, .ex-Premier ".ofi Nevi South Wales. who; with `:Siri John 'lay, of Sydney :(botb these gentlemen, it will -be remembered,'1 figýured in the list of. Royal Birth-. iday .honours) Idft London last-weeki en' route :for ,Australia by `the Aber deen liner Miltiades... Sir JosephI Carrpthers paid a. visit to 'Greati Britain to 'fulfil the. duties of 'Exe cutive Conmmissioner for New Soulth Wales at the Freaco-British, Exhi bition, . Amongst 'other .things, 'ie had , commission to make eniquiry into the cost of management of .o-. ionia 'loans 'in Ldodon, alnd I .un derscjtnd that he has suoceeded in completing a new airangement witshi 'the Bank of Englan which will re-. sult in a great saving iso ?he. State. Victoria gained by- an effort made by the Premier (Sir 'Thomas Bent) when he was here last year, -in ?that he prevailed upon the London and :Westminster Bank ?to reduce the management. and inscription charges of .Victorian ~ stock from. £s50 to £150 per million pounds. With respect to the. new issues of New South Wales .stock,. issued by that baik. Mr. Coghlain foll0owed the examinple, and if Sir Joseph Car' ruthers has arranged wit·h the Bank of England for , similar reduction, this will mean a saving to the State; of over £5000b ayear, for the N.ew South Wales, stock domiciled with the great 'national banking. institu tioni totals more than £50,000,000. I am also given to understand that' Queenslaand has the prospeGft of s&a;~ g 500 per annumias the result . an arangemen-t for a reducdon in. :chiarges .?ome to w?t .the.-Bank of -England by Mr. Kideton, Premier of Queenslalnd, who is now on a visit to this country. Queensland and Victoria manifest-1 ly belie~ve, in the wisdom of attrac tive headquarters in the metropolis, and the advantages of the two States will :be particularly well ad vertised by the handsome establish ments which the respective Govern inents are opening. One subject for enquiry which Mr. Kidston came here to deal with was -why Queens land does not receive more immi grants from, the old country. Mr. a... ston came to an early conclusion that the existing Government offices in Victoria-street were not" good enough for the uses of advertisement, and, consequently,negotiations. were entered into for., the acquisition of the famous Strand restaurant; the Adelphi. -In the near future we shall no longer know the fine "Mar ble Halls," 'as the restaurant of Messrs. A. add S. Gatti has. come .to be called. For some time com petitioi: has been keen ,ih the neighbouirhood among restaurants, 'and as the Queenslanwt Government miade an offer .approaching £70,000 for a .lease extendiSag over. 35 years, it is no wonder that:the proprietors fell iln with the p~roposal. - The :State .will be. given a ,much better opportunity of 'becoming popular with emigrants when the Govern 'ment. has' premises .in the big and crowded thoroughfare of the Strand. The ground floor is to: be utilised fbor a permanent exhibition of Queensland's "products, and a com inercial manager and .staff are to be placed- in charge. ::The whole of the col6ny's interests in England will ,be centralised irn" the Strand building, the. emigration and .engineering branches being removed . from the city and the. administration and 4Agent.General's ?ofices. from Vic toria-street. The eolony's; chief: re presentative in London- has ex plained to: an 'interviewer that they ,did not wish to detract from .the idea. of federation: their sole .desire was to encourage emigration to the colopy. an.d have all their offices in one building.: 'Victoria-street, Westminster, used to be regarded as the i:nevitable position of colonial headquarters in London, -.but a -change has been coming about- for. some .time. And this change' is no doubt due to" commercial., reasons and' especially the 'bunt for emi grants. -Rhodesia has recently open ed new, offices, in the Strand, and nearly. opposite, on the much discussed. AMlwyoh site. Victoria is b?uilding a ..arge London establish= tnent. No doubt the greater effortswhich are being niade by .Australian Gov ernments to iecure immigrants trom Englasd: will .'-achieve greater suc cess, ,but it imust be borne in mind that the effect of the Small Holdings Act c' .1907, passed by the British legislature, will 'tend to' dry up the source of 'British emigration of the -best kind. The Act will be a power-. ful factor in keeping those concern ed with -the -land" on land in :Eng land. The, Act, 'which` refers,. to E'ngland and Wales only, has now been in operation -for some seven mmoths, and already 300,000 acres have been,applied for by 20,000 peo ple. - An equally significant fact mention.d by' Lord Carrington, the president of the Board :of Agricul ture, in= the course of an interview, is: 'that examinations; made by some. of the ",County Councils ..show .that about .80, per cent. of 'the' applicants :are-eminently suit4ble. On the ave ·rage they hive aipplied for from 12 to 15 -acr~jes, and .up to 50 acres. A considerable 7p~riportion -are agricul tural labourers, practically all are connsected with the soil, and many of the most suitable are scins of small 'farmers. ' -In one instance, Lord Carrington . ail that ie 'had handed -"over -00 acres of Crown. lands to .a Parish Council for the es tablishment of small holdings, and it- is an interesting fact. that the e-nthusiastic -cliairman ,is' one of seven 'brothers, six of whom .have gone to Canadat in search of. land. T-h? ?ounty 'Council as' a -rule ie quires the possession 'of £5 capital for every acre applied: for, and Lord O'Carrington: says that 'all tppli. ~ants have this -and' most more. Those cencerned *ith the working of the :Act .are surprised to .find the ':amou?int of monevy that .has been stored up. ii:- villages. Gases have been -founid of a.'ppicants 'briiging 100:sovereign.s and '?planking" thei dothn on the ?aible befoire the Count.j Coueil dommittee as evidence of possession oc ?sificient f?unds - The councilE arei now f:aced with the demand, but have not yt e had time tdo do much in the-way of aiquiring land, but 4000. acres have been ac quired, afad before the end of the year a considerable area will be in their hands. . It is likely that they will not be able to get all the land required by voluntary agreement, and then power of compulsory ac quisition will- have to be exercised. do far as England is concerned, it has been found that only 2 per cent. of the applicants have shown a de sire to buy land, which, as Lord Carrington points out, i. easily to be understood. There is security of possession, the rent cannot be raised, and the small holders re quire, all their capital for improve ments. To-morrow D]r. Jean Charcot's second Antarctic expedition will commence. The Pourquoi Pas, which, starting from Havre, is to ,undertake the adventurous voyage is a stout timber-built three-masted i barque of 800 tons, 134 ft. 6 in. in length, with a beam of 31 ft. LShe has been specially construct-. ed for the expedition at Saint Malo, the port from which Jacques Cartier sailed to discover CanadaI three and a half 'centuries ago. _Launched in May, and christened with religious rites about three Sweeks ago, she has since been fit ting out at Havre. Though a sail bmg vessel, she is also equipped with steam, her engines being of 550 horse-power. Her supply of provisions is -sufficiently larte to last nearly three years. This is Dr.. Charoot's second 'Antarctic ex pedition in search of that mysteri ous unknown continent which " is I supposed to be twice the size of I Europe. On the present venture he s 'accompanied by three young naval officers, who will have charge of the navigation of the ship, and will also be responsible for scientific observations, and by Drs. Guordon (who was a member of the 'previous Iexpedition), Liouville and Gain, who will respectively devote them selves to geological, zoolog;cal and botanical . researches. Cinemato graph records are to be taken. As fars Buenos Ayres Madame Char '-,ot will be with her husband. 