1 OÜH tONDON LETTER. -i ? m -? *?? (From Our Correspondent.) LONDON, Apnl 17. MR. MORLEY'S PKERAGlü Tt ia an indication of the high respect in which Mr. John Morley is held by men of nil parties that very little humour lias been indulged in at his expense as the re . suit of the announcement that ho is to end his political career as a member of the House of Lords. Had any lesser Radi- cal agreed in the same circumstances to provide himself with n ceremonial coronet und long-tailed robe and " tall upstairs" (as Lord Ellenborough once put it), be would have been an object of unmerciful banter to every wit of the Unionist Party. Hut ' Mr. Morley stands in a different position. It is Known to be a genuine cause of re- gret to bim to have to leave the House of Comjnons and accept a " distinction" which can mean notlmiq to a man of his vievvs and simplicity of life, and also some- thing of a humiliation to enter a Chamber of which he lins been a vigorous and some ,times scornful critic. Ue was told that for ; »party reasons he would either have to be- come a lord or relinquish his po«t in the Cabinet. As lie lins become keenly inter- ested in Indian question«, and has won \- the approval of nine-tenths- of the British public by his administrative policy, he decided to accept the new condition at- tached to his continuance- in ofliee. In tim House of Lords he will at least be able to spend the remainder ot his career in com- parative comfort, free- from the questions of meddlesome sclf-advcrti«ing Socialists whose knowle-dge of India ii, a pretence, und whose inquiries can never lead to uny useful result. A-, ii member of 1 lia House of Lords the old Rudicul will meet with Home criticism from Lord Curzon und others, but it will be intelligent, tolerant, and regardful of bis own honest desire to do the best for India that can be done under the present system of government I in that country, ' THE COLOUR LINE. . j One of the results of the removal of Lord Kigin (rom the political control of \- the Colonial Ofiice- is a revival of the pro- posal (which lie recently chclvcd) thal the Imperial Government should eiicleavour to v, arrive at a bettor understanding with the self-governing dominions on the question of Asiatic immigration. It is suggested that the nbscnee- of niivtliina like- a clearly defined Impérial policy with respect to the Eastern' race-, is botli inconvenient and a source of danger. Various argu- ments on the «subject have been arrayed in ? a letter published by Mr. Munio-TVi-gnson, M.P. for Leith Burghs -Mr. E. T. Cook! and others. " There is .|oubtless," they say, "au apprehension current in certain colonies that, by intcring into discussion -' on this matter, they thereby commit them- selves to n reopening of the question on which they have definitely made up their ' \- minds, whether their t-oimlrv is to be a white man's country. This 'is not neces- sarily fo. The chief danger in the »recent circumstances is not so much the exclusion | of our Indian fellow subjects, or of our Oriental allies and friends from some of i out- colonies, as tlie- u-ieorlnintv which exists on the subject. We proclaim in ] India flint nil arc equal under ilie British rule, and then our subjects find on going I to certain eolonie-s thai, this is not so. It may he best fhat the db.tinotion of colour should be drawn, but it. requires definite statement, so that wo may not seem lo be parties to a deception, and that all con- cerned miny know it. Or we and some ot our colonies may become parlies to ia treaty with a foreign power, giving'free iiee.-ss to each other'« countries, and we. .may find afterwards that full opportunity is not given íor the exercise of this privi- lege." Therefore, it is urged, n special conference of all the British States con- cerned should bo held without delay to discuss the whole subject, so Hut by , moans of a common oxehanec' of views "all paris of the Empire should he en- abled to count the eo?t. nbt to thojmelves alone, but afeo to all the other parts, ¡re- sulting from any polir-v which each may adopt." Lord Ampthill is a' strong sup- porter of the proposal for a conference, tie remarks that the question, so far from having been closed by independent action on the part of the colonies -concerned, is ,reopened in a new form bv the increased comprehension oí the. i-pues and grownie resentment displayed bj- the - people of . India. .' , " TO STAY AT HOME IS BEST." " It woiùd'iseém "from figures' supplied by' Lord Carrington as Präsident of the Board of Agriculture, that t'vic are still many English farmers mid iarar labourers of, eomo means wh.i would prefer -a pocket-i handkerchief allotment in Ihcir native land to the prospect of a »ubstauiial tucçesa in .Australia, Canalla, or any of the other ' younger countries. The opportunity to get small holding* under a municipal or Government temira has proved far more attractive than was anticipated lastvyc-nr when.the Small Holding? Act was passed. Lord Carrington states that already 210,000 \- ' acres have- been applied for, and that the great majority of the applicants are "men eminently fitted to become small holders." ln Dorset there are 200 possessing between them £14,000 in cash, in addition to farm- ing' implement?. In Hertfordshire there are 140 applicants with .-C11.500 capital : in Hereford 130 applicants with £0000 at command ; and in Cheshire 180 applicants possessed of no less than £26,895. The lotal at-en of land applied for in the four counties is 14,000 acres, and Lord .Carring- ton thinks it is witöiu the mark to tay that the applicants can put at least .£5 per acre into the land they are ready to cultivate. In an eastern county which he does not nairne at present 500 acres are wanted, and the applicants hi this case have an average of £'90 capital each. Even with the advantage of an. easy l enure, the majority of these small holders are not likely to make, at best, more than a bare I living. But the response evoked by the scheme foi- their settlement .suggests nn in- teresting 6iiccifiafion. Might not au ex extension of the principle of the Small Holdings Act. inakfaiy larger areas avail- able under similar terms, combined with abo Danish Bv- stoni of co-operation, bnag about a very considerable increase in herne production, *nnd thus within u few years limit the market for imported _dniry pro- duce and other food tmpplios ? The handi- cap of high loca] railway freights would not -necessarily remain, as co-operation could be applied to marketing as well as to production. ' SOCIALIST CLAIMS. *~ In the annual review of its world the In- dependent Labour Party, now an avowedly Socialist body, claim» to have opened 220 new branche.* during the last twelve months, and to be otherwise- in a very flourishing condition. These "branches," however, are very small, and only about 22,000 out of ths total number of persons who are reckoned as members of the party, pay their afliliaiion fees. The enthusiasm of the Soc-ialiiN is, a.s it always has liee-u, vastly out of proportion to their willing . ness to support their views with hard eash. The total pies nfc assets -jf the paity are represented by a sum of £3700. It has frequently been ¡.aid that ior political purposes the Socialists-manage to live tu a large extent on the trade unions which contribute to the Parliamentary fund, and this appears to be- true. The membership of the l.L.P. is only about one-liftieth part i uf the Labour Party's total strength in ?the country, yet the Socialists of the former body have contrived in get a fourth of the Pariiinn'iitarj- renie-seuitution of " Labour." They drew in the last ^ iinanci.il year £1400 from the Parh'amcn ' tory fund of th» partj'. while their own payments into the fund in the shape of itfUJialion fees amounted only to £19!). The Socialists ai s evidently iin'ding tlu ¡r alliance with the- trade societies profit- able, and it is easy therefore lo under- stand their anxiety to strengthen and extend the connection. Ii, is alleged in the annual report of the -J.L.P. that '? hundreds ot thousands of sympathisera have been won over'' to Socialism us a result of the recent public discussion of its aims. Against this statement must be put the mcagreness of the Socialists' fight mg fund, nöd the fact that their part} suffered a tremendous defeat at the No \ ember municipal elections in England WIRELESS SHIP TDLLPHONES The deliberate experts o' the Vdmiralty are understood to have reached the point of being satisfied that the Poulsen wire less tclophone is a good thing and there is now some ptospct tint all fir«t-class fignting «hip3 avili be supplied with mstal latnns of it As a moaus of rapid com mum allon during the progre s of hostih tits-sav in the Tnglish Channel or the North Sea-it should be much supenor to the wireless telegraph though the latter is not likilj in anv ca°e to be abolished na a result of its introduction Mt Pout sens own estimate of the value of the wirelers telephone is sufficiently modest, in view of his recent nchievement in cirry ing on conversations avith perfect ease be- tween Berlin and Copenhagen Ho staten in a paper read at the I ondon Institution that the telephone which the continuous electric wave lins rendered niaeticable will be mamlv of ti c foi communication over short di lances, where the safe ropioduc tion of spec li do not demand any siorifice of snnpliiitv in the nppara us YA aislup-i ojierating in the hone vvatirw and ima th mt vessclr, cross ng the Atlantic in foggv w eather 01 whci njvproaching a coast should find it i dended idvantage to u e an in tinnient which m the pie cut eailv stages of its devilonminl has ti ins n ltttd P ni n messages ti distance of 290 mi!"s and convoved Hiern sr> fleailv that it w as lo-wblo to r cognise ehe speaker s v e !.> well as luai hs words Alt Poil cn i ill be content foi thr nresent if h s luviiition beats th" or lunn telephone ai d c peel illy that ni ces itatmg he Use ot Hibin'' me wires Contradi ting a recent iepoit he sav s tint he Ins no present in lintion lo nttomnt tdeplum cammum c ition aetoss the .Ulantie 