NOTES. Tho South Australian Government lias been an arded a medal tor its dis- play of oranges in the special horticul- tural show at the Franco-British Ex iiibitiou. The Danish Farmers' Association, which lost heavily through the frauds perpetrated by M. Alberfci, Danish ex Aiinister for Justice, has decided to go into liquidation. The House of Representatives (N.Z.) passed & Bill authorising the Govern- ment to borrow an additional sum of £1,000,000 for the purpose of making advances to settlers. The Victorian Government is show- ing <at the Franco-British Exhibition bread made entirely from Victorian flour. Experts consider thal the bread is of excellent quality. The total export of butter from Now ' South Wales for the year ended June 30 last was 20,611,1011b.. of an estiinat- ¡ ed value of £1,030,555. No less than j 5,830,3291b. was sent to the other { States of the Commonwealth. , On July 20 the Manitoba Government ' announced that 30,000 men were needed j to harvest the wheat crop in Western j Canada, and recommended to the gover- i nor« of gaols that all men in nrison for vaerancv and other minor offences be released early in September ou condition I that they work in the fields, | An Industrious Immigrant.-The first ' truck of new season's chaff to be sent j away from Baandee Siding, near Dood-1 lakine, was consigned by Mr. Paramor, I some of whose crops had reached a ] height of 6ft, Mr. Paramor is an English j iniigraiit, and has only been in the dis- trict two years, and yet it seems that he is the first there to commence the season's trade iu agricultural products. At the Perth Local Court last week, before Mr, James Cowan, P.M., Rich- ard Leggoe, a gardener at Wanneroo, had to pay £50 damages to a boy nam- ed Albert Berriman, whom lie shot ¡ while sitting on the Eide of a punt in a swamp at Wanneroo, the defendant firing a shot into tho rushes without , taking any precautions whatever and giving any warning that he was going j to shoot. j A gruesome discovery was made in ! the Narrabri district (N.S.W.) last week. A lad noticed in a paddock a buruiug tree which had i fallen during the uight, and, on j making a closer inspection he was i horrified to find the charrod remains xof a man. The upper portion of the un- fortunate man's body had been incine- rated. The man was apparently a swag man who had been pinned to the ground hy the falling tree. At the Perth Police Court last week, before Mr. A. S. Roe, P.M., Joseph Sands, a dairyman of Victoria Park, was fined 40<i. for having, on September 27_ neglected to keep isolated four cows said to be inoculated with tuberculosis, and £-5 for having on September 29 kept milk from a cow suffering from tubercu- losis. Mr. Roe said that there waB no dobt that both charges had been prov- ed up to the hilt. The story told by defendant and his witness was a tissue of falsehoods. It would serve the de- fendant right if he were committed for perjury in this case. Sheen owners will no doubt be in- terested to learn that Messrs. Dalgety and Co.. Ltd., have reiinauished the Sheep Dip Agency they held for many years and have taken up Quibell's. As is well known, it has always been the aim of Messrs. Dalgety and Co., Ltd.-the largest firm of wool-brokers in the world-to Bupply to their cus- tomers the best of everything only, and the fame which Quibell's Dip has achieved in recent years in the hands of the most famous pastoralists in the world has . no doubt influenced the firm in their decision to tun this dip only in future in Australasia. Foreign Markets for Western Aus- tralian Fruits.-An important move- ment is contemplated early next year tn raBpect to the exportation of Wes- tern Australian fruits. Tho markets at Colombo and Cairo are, it is stated, Jp be thoroughly tested, at a time whe^. the Egyptian and Ceylon seasons an» at their height. With this object ar- rangements are being made to securo cool chamber space in a mail steamer in the latter end of February or early iu March fox- a large trial consignment ot summer fruit, such as peaches, grapes, etc., to Colombo and Cairo. It is hoped that an important trade will follow. During the sittings of the Meat Com. mission the exports of «billed meat from Argentina to London have been referred to in the evidence. Speaking on this subject the London correspondent of the "Sydney Morning Herald'' of the 22ud nil. says:-"Before we receive beef at a chilling temperature from Sydnev and other Commonwealth ports tho question, of course, will have to be well thrashed out. Chilled beef is brought from Ar- gent in a at a temoerarure of 20J degrees; one degree up will spoil, one degree down will freeze. A considerable propoibon of this chilled beef from South America ÍR found to be mould spotted on arrival here, and unless the imperfection is very sunerftcial it is prompt lv condemned by tile market inspectors. This is tile lion in tJie path that will have to be boldly faced before chilled beef can be brought from Australia suecesbfully; risks ?<ST mould, of «ourse, are greater than with the beef from Argentina. But once you succeed in placing chilled beef in our markets you enter a new and high-class field, enlisting buyers of high- grade beef, and securing better prices. ' Chafed Beef.-During the sittings of the Royal Commission appointed to in- quire into the conditions of the mont supply much has been heard about chill- ed beef and frozen beef. On Tuesday Mr. V. R. Rea, a retail butcher of Perth, introduced to the astonished notice of tin Commission a new class of beef chased beef. Referring to the meat ex- posed for sale in Perth, he declared that much of it would not bo tolerated by the consumers in other cities. It was emaciated beyond belief. It seem- ed to him that a «onsiderablo propor- tion of the Kimberley beasts must have been bred for speed rather than for beef. They were chasedJ>y the mosqui- toes, chased by the blacks.-chased all their lives until they were chased off th« northern jetty into the Turkish bath of the steamcr'sjiold, subsequently to be chased ashore at fremantle and chased up into the slaughterhouse. It was, the witness naively remarked, a class of meat difiereut from anything h.? had met with before coming to Wes- tern Aut talia. Mr. V. C. Redwood, who represents Toowoomba in the Legislativo Assembly of Queensland, and who is a member of the committee of the Royal Agricul- tural Society of Toowoomba, and an alderman of that town has been on a visit to this State. He declares. "I eau honestly say I am much im- pressed with Western Australia as a cereal-producing country, and am con- vinced that before long you will eclipso any of the Eastern States as a wheah producing State. You have what w« lack very much in the Eastern States a regular winter rainfall which is so ne- cessary to ensure good cereal crops. With your climate also I am delighted, and when I return to the Eastern, States I shall try to disabuse the minda of those who are prone to adversely criticise Western Australia. Few jjfO ple in the Eastern States realise what a magnificent couniry Western Aus- tralia is. I believe your Government is earuest in its desire to introduce immi- grants and to foster a rapid agricultu lal development. Your State is practi- cally iu tne same position as Queens- land, and what we want to do to make both countries progressive States is to introduce a vigorous immigration policy as well as a vigorous railway policy, which must, of coarse, mean also a vigorous land policy." In a general survey of the agricul- tural, pastoral, and industrial position, of the Commonwealth the "Australasian Banking and Insurance Record'' has some interesting remarks upon the dif- ferent States, although the references to Western Australia are toniewhafc colourless, due, no doubt, to insufficient information. It is pointed out that tho prospects for the coming agricultural season, including dairying, have improved considerably, although they vary accord int? to locality. Queensland, South Aus. tralia, and the coastal districts of New South Wales appear to have been gXjfatiy, favoured bv climatic conditions. Vio toria has also been greatly- benefited hy- the recent rainfalls, and so the outlook for the wheat harvest is good. The dairy industry has suffered from the heavv losses of stock occasioned by the drought of last summer and autumn. "In Western Australia the agricultural industry appears to be steadily although quietly progressing." The pastoral Bea- con for valuation may now be considered opened. A good deal more wool than usual is being shipped, direct as it comes to the coast, and as a consequence it ia thought that the Australian Bales may, be on a rather curtailed scale as com- pared <rith 1905-6 and 1906-7 in regard to anantity. Values are hardly likely to show recovery, says the "Record/' The outside markets in industrial metals have become steady, but ffn early strong recovery is not to be expected. The pre- sent oroduction of lead, silver, and cop- per in the Commonwealth continues to be rather restricted. "The position of gold- mining has, on the whole, become more favourable," concludes the journal named« 