QUEENSLAND LETTER. ? 9 ? HAMPERING THE FRUITGROWER. Some correspondence has appeared in the Brisbane press this week calling attention to the fact that growers of that delicious fruit the mango are grubbing up 'their trees be cause there is no sale for their crops. That this should be necessary seems deplorable, for the mango is easily- grown, and can be used in so many different forms that one would hardly credit there is little or no de mand for the fruit. The tree, however, is a most prolific bearer, and in the north cropst are so large that there must be a fair de mand to absorb the enormous quantity of fTMllf f fVlA +}lt»rtTO A# T f I Cf OTdYi JW known that the principal Ingredient used in ohutuey is mango, and for this condiment there is Always a heavy demand. The paw paw is now being most successfully turned to account for chutney, and when it is better' known it will probably be the favourite, for its colour and conceded medicinal properties are a great advertisement in its favour. Paw paw trees, however, are not nearly so prolific as the mango, and this fact alone will keep, the latter well to th§ front. It would scarcely be credited that the absence of up-to-date glassworks in this State is one of the diffi culties which' at the present time fruit pre servers and others Qiave to contend with. The manager of Messrs. DutJiie Brothers, of this cltyj one of our principal fruit- preserving firms, says that it is almost an impossibility; to obtain a good glass bottle in- this or the adjoining' State suitable for the bottling of chutney, and that this. fact is seriously re tarding progress in the manufacture of the condiment and the preservation of choice Queensland -fruit, of which there are so many, varieties suitable for home and foreign con sumption. QUEENSLAND BUTTER IN ENGLAND. ' Mr. Edwin H. Pike, of fhe firm of Messrs. Pike Brothers, of Brisbane, has just returned from a trip to England, the home of his boy hood. Mr. Pike has many pleasant things to say about the south and south-western coun ties of England, but with all their loveliness and charms it was a pleasure to 'hark back' to Queensland. Mr. Pike kept a businesslike eye open for anything interesting pertaining to Australia, and especially to this State. He soon discovered that Australian butter is be ginning to be talked of, and in many places butter the product 'of Queensland was not only known but sougfat after. It could not, how ever, be easily found. He met the manager of a firm in Manchester whose turnover, in butter alone is valued at £25,000 per week, and this gentleman informed him that the Danish article is undoubtedly the best, but that Queensland came In a very good second. The Queensland butter for. some reason or another soon gets lost on the English market. Mr. Pike seems to entertain a, suspicion that it is traded off on. the public fts Daniah, sal that it is a matter Which I'eqytres looking into by some interested firm here. He heard Queensland butter spoken of even at Salts bury, in Wiltshire, but would-be purchasers, were unable tp procure the desired article. It was resorted that one man was a large purchaser of the Queensland product to th« extent of 10.000 and 20,000 cases at a time. Australian meat does not receive a good advertisement, for Mr. Pike saw meat there ticketed Australian that he felt sure did not come from the Commonwealth. Australian wines afe very highly spoken of. The dairy ing and agricultural methods in vogue in Eng land struck Mr. Pike as being obsolete. Can ada is not talked of so much as it used to be, and everywhere people are becoming«m6re and more interested in Australia. Were pro per methods adopted, Mr. Pike feels sure that the right class of agriculturist with small capital could readily be obtained ton this country; and he comes home more strongly impressed than ever that a most prosperous future awaits Australia, and that there are immense possibilities in store for those who will put capital and energy to work on Aus tralian soil. , WATER CONSERVATION AND SETTLE MENT. The statement by the Premier this week on 'the policy of the Government with regard to water conservation and other matters, with the view to . quick settlement of new ' arrivals, will be regarded as a satisfactory i indication that the coalition Ministry is no vt going to settle down to steady business, Mr. Kidston stated that at present six engineers are employed on a water conservation scheme, five of them carefully examining the areas - drained by coastal rivers, and the other dealing with data in Brisbane. After the necessary preliminary work 5s comylete^. the .Government will probably securfc thJ( services of one of the world's greatest ex perts on water conservation. For the in terior it has practically been 'decided tui . sink a number of bores that will give many grazing farmers in the western areas insur ance against water famine. The details are not yet decided upon. It may be neces sary, Mr. Kidston thinks, to adopt somol system of levying rates in benefited areas; but little or no opposition is anticipated to this- x Consideration ia also being given to the better handling of immigrants, and to some means of putting them into immediate pos session of land. An officer of the Lands Department is now in Canada studying the methods of the Dominion, and his . return is expected in January. There is every pro mise of a continual stream of settlers to this State, and every effort is to be made to prevent any delay to the new arrivals in Bottling down to ? work. Immediate posses sion to the new arrival; land for all-com- . qju ig J,o fte .wat9Uwordf .,v ?' 