NEWS Og THE DAY. New Zealnd exported last year *ool to the value of £d,7d5,000. On .Monday evening 300 Jewfish were seo cured In one haul at Klamn. Mlany South Coast farnmers are giving up dairying, and going In for sheep. Joseph Shaw was serionusly injured by a fall of coal In the Dull Colliery. Nearly a qurter- of a million acres were solecter in Queensland last week. The death Is reported of Mr. Joseph Ayres, or Adtelong, .who was In his 87th year. On Sunday afternoon an lnch and a half of rain foll in. an hour at nendlgso ,l~le.). Thomas Hondy (66) was killed at Dan denong (Vcl.) by' a fall of earth in a grovel pit. The South Auatrailan Treasurer holds tVh opinion that.-no-lceenso will comw" In that State. A young Danish. immigrant to New Zealand has been sent to prison for three years for burglary. A great number of slight earthquake .shoe have been experienced In Now Ysnlina thl mn,?h Tild maoter butchers of Melbourno Otavo decided to close thetr shops at 1 p.m. each Saturday. A meteorlto which fell at Arltunga (S.A.) weighs O41b, .It penetrated 5ft in to the ground when it fell. , South Aatralian cherry groswero are eufferlng serious loss,>owing to the scor city of labour for p!cking. Cases of intoxication from the drinking of methylated spirits. bntinue to crop up In the Sydney police courts. 'The Minister for Defence is taking steps with a view to making offeers' uni forms less gaudy and costly.. During recent weeks the juvenleo thlef end housebreaker has been much In evid ence in Australia and Now Zealand. Only two whales wore captured by thb Norfolk Island whalers thloaneason, and the oll will hardly pay for the gear. The Now Zealand dduce'iotn Amendmsnt Act increases tile salaries of-public school teachers by .1l,000 to £17,000 a year. A shark of the pointdr species, captur ed in the waters of Port .Hocling, . con Iained IS Young ones, each 18 inches lung. - MIr. John Allen, a welltknown farmer, of the Braidwood district,- was struck dead by lightning whileo; driving Into town. The trouble between , the bricklayers and the 011 Corporation at Newnes has been settled, and the man. have resumed work. Canon Boyce believes that. the local option movement will be faster "In Now South Wales than it'hao been InNew Zealand. Miss Cahlll, of Coromby (Vic,), hbo boon appointed poundkeepoer, In succeas sion to her father.,wh'o hold the position for 30 ycars,. , i -l The wheat crops In-the .Scone district promise to no 25 to 2g bushels an acre. One farmer got £00 for wheaten chaff from six acres. The Victorian Railway Commlssilonero have been empowered to gable to London Inviting tenders for enough S0lb rails to build 165 miles of.rallway. A contest is to take place In the Sen ate for the Chairneanshlp of Commlttees, three candidates being probable-Senators Keating, Dobson, and-Turley. William John Miller, 28, died suddenly at Tenterileld through bursting a blood vessel. Deceased until recently was a warder at Oladesville asylum, The New Zealand Agr!icultural,Depart ment recently imported from California 50 queen bees, They.wore all dead on ar rival, involving a loss:of £265. In the election for the Mennles seat (W.A.) Mr. Gregory.,-Minlster for Mines, was returned by, a majority. of 56 over. Mr. Buzzacott, the Labour candidate. Sir Joseph Ward ostites. that the .Now Zealand Government could obtain £200,000 a year'bya .:graduated-' income tax on incomes over £2000.a year. At the annual :meting of St. Vln cent's Hospital, .Melliourne, £660 was subscribed in caqh,, and',tiromlses mwcre made to the extent ofoanother £1400. Natives of Parape l(Ctrollno Group) have, It Is said, threatened to wipe out the whitf population, because the Cer man Government has imposed a bead tax on them. Gold andl copper -hining In the North crn Territory has become practically a dead letter, and some of the most boom ed properties are now in the hands of Chinese fossickers. At Dubbo J. F. Williams, a fettler, while putting a pea- rile on a shelf, shot himself. The bullet entered his chest, and hns not been found. So far Wllllams' condition is not serious. Newspapers which have reached Port Darwin show that the Japanese press was unanimous in describing the visit of the American fleet to Japan as having been extraordinarily successful. An additional 23,000 acres of Pilllga scrub land Is -to be disposed of under c.p.,l. tenure. A further area of from 50,000 to 100,000 acres is also being divided into blacks preparatory to dis posal. At a public meeting held In Sydney under the suiplces of the Women's Political Labour League, a motion was carried "repudiating the falso calumnies hurled against the Labour movetnment" at the women's anti-socialist congress. News brought to Australia by the steamer Eastern shows that the boycott at Hongkong of Japanese goods was re noewed with bitterness, raids on stores boleing accompanied by loss of life. Mr. A. RIt. Wallace, of the Barrier So clallst group, says that the solidarlty of theb Labour party is the solidarity of ignorance. The Labour party should be ?wiped out of elstence. and replaced by something that would truly work in labour's cause. Serious charges of bribery are made against the Auckland (N.Z.) licensing commissioners. It is osaid that one hotel keeper paid £700 to obtain permission for the removal of his license. A Royal Commission to Inouire into the matter has been asked for. John Wilson was convicted at Welling ton (N.Z.) of the third offence of bigamy, and sentenced to seven years' Imprison meaut. Mr. Justice Cooper said the pris oner seemed to be a hopeless characetor. with a special lilting for a particularly mean crime. A meeting of the employees of the nulll Colliery resolved to ask the Minis tor for Mines to put down a bore to test the seam at the colliery. The manager ef 'the colliery says that if the mtine has to stop, pillars would be taken out, and there would be a fall inll making it cost ly to reach the lease.s again. 4Alderman Booth. of Broken Hill, states that when recently In Sydney, he called on the Minister for Works in connection with the railway proposals, but Mr. Lo Aaid that the Goveranmet were muchb hurt because of the insulting wires re calved from Droken 11111, and in conse quonce ie swould give no Informnation. A letter posted in Wollongong antic aid dressed to Dspto htis jest retllrned back to thy sencder front a trip almost round the world. It was despatched from Lon don, from thence tj Colchester, thence to a town named Alphonlstone, thoece to another named Bures, thence backe to Col chester, and finally home to Wollongong. Edward Slsttery. 20, as committed for trial at Bendlgo (Vlc.1 on a charge of at tempting to murder ils father-in- law. Mr. J. Mason, acting tecousntant to the department, fornerly controller of stores, giving evidence beflore the Postal Com mission, said no private firm woutl tole rate nlch a staff as that in the stores cractnch. The two- year-old child of Alfred Dal ley, a minter, at feaconscelhhl (Tan.), was dirowned in ia well. On thie father goaing to tile well tI \sater ithe garclen he folnd the child ini tile water head deownwards. Whilst in bed Mrs. William Brooks, of Tamworth, was bitten on the back of the neck by a centlpede. The bite caused great agony. The Tasmanlan police consider that Ed* ward Tamer, or Phillips, who was tiound at Helmsklrk on the tth instant, with hbs skull battered In, was murdered, and when the coroner's inquiry was resumed on Monday they applied for an order sup pressing the publication atof nil evidence while the proceedings are lin progress. Tils was granted. A bark and slab house, situated close to Taemas Bridge, near Yass. occupied by John-Davis, was'recently destroyed by ire. The occupant, who is a labourer, had i50 £1 notes, a few sovereigns, and some silver in a wooden box In one of the rooms. When the fire wvas extinguished tihe sovereigns and silver were recovered, but the notes were destroyed. During a heavy thunderstorm at' Cllton a large tree on the mountain side was struck by lightning, and the shattered pieces were hurled over the adjacent houses,.. lodging over 200 yards away' The back yards of several cottages weoro strewn wivth splintered wood, some pieces weighlpg 2cwt and 3cwt, but no one was injured. A. fire at tIloklitika (N.Z.) destroyed the Empire Hotel, gutted the Union Steam ship Company's ofmce, and badly scorch ed the Bank of New Zealand premises. The Insurances amount to about £1500. Tobias 1iller was sentenced to seven years hard labour for attempted murder of a man named Hight, at Wellingtoni (N.Z.), of whom he was jealous In regard to his wife. There was a wedding at a house in Syd ney-road, Melbourne, on Saturday.- After thile speeches and the wedding breakfast and the Jokes by the bachelor uncles, the newly-married couple drove away from the parental home in a cab. Confetti were.thrown, and old shoes, and all went merry as a marriage bell unil 'Mr. John Iyland, a fricnd of the wedded pair, threw a' horseshoe into the cab 'tor luck." Ills own luck Immediately desert ed him, for, as he ran back across tile roaid, a tram-ear knocked him down, and after he was taken from beneath the dummy he was sent In a St. John Am bulance van to the Melbourne Hospital. Upon arrival ihe wa found to be suffller ing from a dislocated shoulder and seve ral cuts and bIrulsees, and was detained for observation. 