An Australian- Artist in New York. SOME IMPRESSIONS OF AMEBIC A. Mr. Charles Auttall, a former "Table Talk" car toonist. Avho lias made a name for himself in Aew York, is here on furlough, and gives his impressions ol" Uncle ,Sam's country. For six' months following ray arrival in America I "kicked"—kicked like a jackass. And from this yon must not conclude that 1 was a ■ particular, kind of .jackass, for the wisest man will do. and think and say asinine things when confronted with conditions and manners totally foreign, find opposed to all that has been bred in his bones.. 'We are all enslaved to conven tions—"our" conventions—and ^ when one is transported to a different element, then, like a fish out of *water r- or a man in mid-air, he kicks. ' So, because America was different from Aus tralia, and because 1 was' uncomfortable in the surroundings, I found fault with the.way that the sun shone and the rain fell. To me, the towns were hideous, the men were louts, the women were frumps. The cooking -upset me, the tobacco was bad, the mosquitoes' were. too' frequent and free, the very cats on the tiles were m-ore vociferous and less musical than were the open- air free-conccrt-givers of my be loved land. And all because .1 Avas home-siclc. Noav, after three years of instruction in the school of ex perience, I have assimilated a truth Avhich feAV lhen learn thoroughly, namely, that a thing is nut necessarily wrong or bad because it is dif ferent. The Americans are different from us in many things, in many Avays. But—America is a foreign country! The people—or".some of them—speak English, the laAvs and the eA'ery day customs are based upon old English models; but the AA'hole life of the nation is as far removed from our manner of living as is , the life 'of the Spaniards or the French. ' To demonstrate one point, of difference; you will remember of one of Bret Harte's heroes, how "light and free was the touch of Thomp son upon his revolver." In the United States, the murder statistics work out at 126 per 100,000 of the population per annum. The fig -ures for Germany and England are 4 and 6 re spectively.. From these interesting facts you will gather some idea of the Americans' attitude in the matter of crimes. of violence. But do' not-, assume in haste that the Americans' ten dencies are more criminal than otirs. His crimes are different, that is all. Remember, also,'the lawlessness of the frontier, the-ignor ance and depravity of the Southern negroes, the'-half-savage condition of the "poor whites" of-the Southern and Middle States. America is still the New "World, raw and crude for the most part, but -g'rowing, developing, threshing about like a young giant whose strength has not been disciplined by training. And just as a hoy, attidns to manhood through hard knocks, through sharp and bitter experiences, so Amer ica is learning that the -sober, patient methods of the old civilisations are not the acts of senil ity, after all, ' Graft, bribery, corruption in business and in public life; we hear so much of these things, for America is frank, -she washes her dirty linen" In public.. But we hear nothing of the American's innate-kindness of heart, his ready .hospitality,, his strong impulse toward charity (in act' and, thought), his manly contempt for innuendo,- for veiled and outspoken slander. Ho Is a mass of contradictions, as pussssling" as' a child or a woman, Rough and blasphemous of speech", he is deeply religious at heart. Prone to vice in its crudest expression, he swings of ten to the other extreme, "reforming"- so, dras tically that the last state is sometimes worse than the first. We man oi: English blood are proud of our mixed ancestry, proud ol! our bold. Norsemen ■ iuuV Saxons, ol! our keen-witted Normans, of-the vigorous Celts and Gnels who go to make up the sum . of our great British race. -In olden , days-the Briton cried out against the Invasion, ol! aliens, fought grim battles In defence of his country. Bar he was but a primitive man, an<l . ills sight could not pierce the future, ••• In like manner, the Ainev'lcan of to-day views with alarm tlio peaceful invasion from Europe, Tan thousand aliens are landed at the various ■ ports on each day of the year,. But such aliens! Such line, full-blooded, able-bodied, hard-wdr'k ing and willing* ■ aliens. .1. saw them pass' . through Ellis .island, the immigrant station of Now "Yforlc—five' thousand in one diyy. German '|!arm-handa, Danish dairymen, Italianlabour ars, Russian artisans; workers,- every one of ■them ■ big', rough .men, deop-'chostod, conrso flhre'd women, ruddy children—plopeov people; 'each a distinct asset, an addition to the won, 1th . . af'tho'oountry, a vital faotov; In its progress. Ol! such calibre , and fibre wore the, .people who ' ovorcamo England with swords; theso new in ' vaders ol! - America will win the land : with . ploughs and roaping-iools, Photo by Till ma. MISS Eileen llodg'SOll, Ot Mr. John Wren's National Opera Co. If > one should call a roll ol the men of the visiting Fleet, he would find i'ew names of IDng llsli' origin. The fatthers of these men avis like ly to;'lie lumbermen from Scandinavia, weavers from Italy, house-builders from Germany, from Hungary,-from Russia. The roll would Include many Ivans, Xiuigis, Hermans; but- few Toms- or •Jacks. This polyglot nation lias accepted "our .form of speech, but the people are as from us as tlio Chinese .are d 1 ffere nt^r -- from From all this coarse clay is p^ptvfcled. rcm^h..;; pottery. The Americans seemdct'ljarbaiji^A--to me', linnicky artist-person that'Tim.* women wnrn Innrl-vnJnerl l-inl«feVn\nc.v nvnrrl l-rartftVi'V did not respect my- conventions; therefore I disliked them exceedingly. And tliis was be cause I, like the Briton, of old, failed to see the working of tlio Purpose that turns the wheels. • ■ • America is a paradise for the willing work? or. He -must 'work hard, lie must know and love his work-—he miist be competent. Given ability and a willing spirit,, there is practically no-limit to the man's earning capacity. There ■is work in plenty for the harvest labourer, there ,is a strong demand for -men of special knowledge and for the "man higher up," the skilful, brainy man charged with initiative en orgy—-the very stones cry out for liim. ..Great, glorious America! Rough as a bear,, tender, as. a nurse; full of astonishing .con trasts ; cruel, bitter, mean-—kind, lavish, loving. A .primal 'instinct, rules, her; she is ^a lioness, taking and eating the thing that seemeth good to her. She lias no quarrel with mankind—-wo_ see the claws in this visit of the Fleet; the lioness is stretching, herself, there is no, menace In the act! Nought lint a great blunder will* over-bring her 'to war with us. America has no real use for the bellicose drum and the mar tial uniform, . long grapple with the oartli I'orcos, a gospol of "Work for her! And in-this, .young as she is, she demonstrates the wisdom, of the "ages.- - ■ 