Oljg Irisïjattg (íanmv. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1908. TO-DAY. ENTERTAINMENTS. Theatre Roy al.-Teil Holland's A'audevillc En- tertainers. To-night. His Majesty's Theatre.-Biograph of the Burns Squires Fight. Centennial Hall.-King's American Picturescopa Company. Old ÏMvli Office, George-street.-Exhibition of British 1'Ioturcs, Day and Evening. Ev-hibition Hall.-¿Air. George ' Sampson's Or- chestral Society's Concirt, 8 p.m. SILKS BY AUCTION. Messrs. King, Crabb, and King, at their Mart, ut 10.30 a.m.: Surveyor's I«vcl and Tripod, Lawn Mower, Bicyde, ire. At 11 : House- hold Furniture, &e.; At 12 : Pianos. (Meters. Currie, Buchanan, and. Co., at their Mart, at 11 o.m.: Household Furniture, ic. (Messrs. Isles, Love, and Co., at their Mart, at II a.m.: Motor Cars, Household Furniture, A-e. The R.M.S. Orient, whieh'left London on August 21, is bringing 02 nominated, 28 asSAteJ, and 20 free immigrants. Three important industrial measures will come into force to-day-the Wages Boards Act, Machinery and Scaffolding Act, and the Factories und Shops Act Amendment Act. A conference (between the Board of Waterworks and 'the Hon. T. O'sullivan, together with legal advisors, was held yes. terday, and is understood to liave consti- tuted one of the preliminary steps in con- nection witfli il'lie piopcsed -water und sewer- age scheme for Brisbane.,., i.i The Minister for Railways"and the Trea- surer, act-ompanii'-l by various officials of. the Railway Department, visited the 'Bun daniba collieries yesterday at the invita- tion of Alderntin Hetherington, in order to »ce what the colliery proprietors are 'doing in regard to the erection of shoots, with which the matUr jofuelemurrage on trucks is closely connected. A gentleman in Adelaide, acting on be- half of a syndicate of German and English pastoralists, has made an offer to the South Australian Government ^to take over the Northern Territory on the same terms as it was offeted to the Commonwealth, the dependency to remain under the Go- vernment of South Australia. David Jones and Co.'s premises in Syd- ney were entered by burglnrs on Satin day night, and goods to the value of between £300 and £400 stolen. The Sydney police made* a raid on a Ely grog shop on Sunday, and arrested the keeper of the premises and twelve others. The former was fined £30, or four months' hard labour, and the latter each £2, or fourteen days' imprisonment:. The official lnndiing Off uAklmiiul .""perry and the officers aird unen of the American fleet took p'aee in Melbourne yesterday, and lihcre was a triumphal mart'li through (Ihe eily, ivCiich was crovvdil' with spectators. A German torpedo brat destroyer made its appenrranos in the iRiver Tyne, in Eng '.ttnd, while Ganinan naval manoeuvres were being carried out in the North Sea, but Ulie denman Consul e-opbins tlh.it the presence of the A-efcsel nvas owing to a breakdown of hor machinery. An international Baptist Congress, at-, tended by 15ÜU delegates, has been opened in Berlin, .the object boing lo unite the Baptists of Europe in lone great union. Mr. W. R..Edwards, a late member of a firm of stationers in Lonldon has left a fortune of £95,000, "bwo-tlhirdls of which amount Suis boon bequeaiilickl to charities. "sentence of seven ycart-' transiporUition has been passed on tfiie ringleaders in the recent riots at TinneveUy, in India, and f'A-e othera -were eadh sentenced to five yeaia' imprisonment. Tliree hundred arresta were cma'dc by the Paris (police in connection -witjh a raid on the lei-imn-fal tliaunts in the eityi on Satur- day nigM. As a result,of a cloudburst at Folsom, in New Mexico, a .wall of ivatea- 8ft. high swopt nlu-ougQi a miming camp. A large number of Clives were lost. Twenty-three bodies have .been recoverad!, -nilitQe tlhe fate of scores of people is uncei'taiii. Five men were Idlldd and several woumdeid flhrougOi the prenut/ture explosion of a shiell during gun practice ou a Danish cruiser. The American alihletes who took part in itllie Olympic garnies in London ivers welcamed on tlheir return to Nenv York by a procession of 25,000 people, and were each presented with a -gold, medal. Butts containing 25,000 bottles of wine were d'estroyad by a fire at a Blierry bodega in Spain, and tllie' flaming wine escaped in streams, whidh floodod an nJd jaeenit orange grove. Tivo lives were lost. "I lam rejoiced to be able to express my deepest conviction that lOie peace of Euivape is not in danger, anld tdint it' lests upon boo scdiu a foundation to he easily upset 'by incitcanents and calumnies .pro- voked by envious and undisposed indi- viduals," the Kaiser slated' at a banquet at »Strasburg ; and he added that h'na'ly pence was assured and guaranteed by Ger- many's power on bea arid land, anid by a German people dn aiims. 