[ Saturday's "Herald."-On account of th* largo amount of advertising matter which ha :to be dealt with, for Saturday's issue ot th. "Herald," advertisers and ngents are re quested to send in (hoir advertisements n: early as possible to-day, in order to facllltati classification. j Tho Microbe nnd lils Habits.-In . tho In- terests of economy and efficiency, the Cablnol decided yesterday upon (he ostnbllshmont of ti sub-department to deal with the work ol microbiology and kindred matters, "Thc sub- branch will bo under tho personal control ol Dr. Tidswell, assistant medical officer for the mctropolllau district," Mr. Wood, Chief Secre- tary, said yesterday. "For ibo purpose ol facilitating tho carrying out ot tho work, thc present laboratory nt the Board of Health buildings will bc extended considerably and placed at Dr. Tidswell'« dlsponal. Hts opera- tions will extend to all microbiological mat- ters that may come from tho various State departments." Tho dotnils of tho branch hnvo not yet been decided upon, hut lt is un- derstood that tho Investigation» in connection With thc experiments on tho mainland with tho Danysz method of rabbit destruction will form the most important work of tho immo dlato future, while tho microbiologist's labora- tory will bo availablo for carrying out nume- rous experiments and investigations in con- nection with tho work of tho Agricultural De- partment, |to which it will bo a most valuable adjunct for tho purpftso of investigating diseases In stock, and tho different crop and orchard pesta with which tho farmor lins to contend. Dr. Tidswell roprcsontcd both thc Federal and tho State Governments at Brough- ton Island during tho progross of Dr. Danysz's experiments, nnd bc has already boon commis- sioned to furtbor Investígalo tho system lu connection with a microbe known to exist amongst tho rabbits of tho State. The Two Commissions.-In roforonco io Slr James Graham's remark at tho City Improvo mont Commission on Wednesday that tho North Shoro Commission would 'bot submit ita report until It saw what the former had decided on, Mr. Kornot, president of tho North Shore Commission, said yoatordny; "This commission has no Intention of walt- ing for tho other commission, which will pro- bably bo of long duration; but will report as soon as tho necessary ovldonce ls avail- able, aomo ot which has to bo obtained from abroad, and will aim at such a conclusion as will meet any possible practlcablo schomo In respect to tho city railway and tramway oxtonslon as affected by a North Shore com- munication." Moving New South Walos.-Duplicates of the biograph Hims taken for dlBplny nt tho Franco British Exhibition by tho Intolllgonco Depart- ment will bo shown nt tho Centenary Hail this evening lu connection with tho lecture by Mr. H. C. L. Anderson on "Agricultural Possi- bilities ot New South Wales." Thcso films eomprlao an cxcollont sorlos of New South Wales subjects, and they hnvo won tho highest pralso in Groat Britain. Tho proceeds of tho iocturo will bo devoted to tho Farrer Memorial Fund. Circumstances Altor Casen.-While being examined lu ibo caso of Brown v tho Munici- pality of Lithgow yesterday . In tho Banoo Court, ,u witness was asked whothor tho waiora of a corttiln crook overflowed Its banks nt any timo and ran on plaintiff's property. Ho replied that at ono Hmo ho failed to tnko much nollco, but when bo boenmo tho owuor of property on tho other sido lt did como under his observation that tho crook occa- sionally ran "a banker," and distributed sorao surplus molBturo over plaintiff's land, "But," asked tho examining counsol, "that would not causo material Injury, would It?" "Woll, you BOO," nnsworod tho wllnoss, "tho polluted driilnngo on tho land would smoll, and when thu crook wntor mixed with lt they would both smoll." This Ingenious nnswor rolievod tho otherwise dry proceedings, and caused momoutary aimisomcnl. Tho Clly parks.-A foaturo of civic ad- ministration during tho present year linB boon tho extra nttontlon devoted.to tho city parks. Numerous tlowor bads lmvo hoon made, and roekorlos aaa othor Btrucluros hnvo boon added. lt ls tho Intention of Ibo council to push on improvements rapidly (luring tho next two months In order lo hnvo tho pnrlts dressed in thnlr host during tho visit ot tho Amorloan Hoot. Tho various parks and re- serves aro mtilntnlnnd nt an annual cost ot £9000. A noslrahlii Immigrant.-Tho hon. secretary of tho Immigration Lenguo of Australia lina rocclvod ii lotter from a Canadian, who, with lila wlfo and child, wishes to como and sottl on a farm in Australia. He Btates that h could land with about £850, and asked lt thor is an opening for one of his oxporlonco an capabilities, and wbothor ho can mako sure o getting on a farm straight nwny.aB ho could no afford limo to travel about tho country Inspect lng land and Interviewing agents, Ho stato that if ho comes to Australia tho Ionguowoul hnvo a good volunteer recruiting ngonf, ns li has many farming relativos, and friends ii Canada and tho Unitod States, who wouh probably follow him if ho was successful. A Mystery of tho Committcj.-Aldcrmai Cocks was much troubled at a meeting of thi City Council's ilnaiico commitlco yesterday Tho time arrived for considering tho plans o tho proposed now city markets. Tho coun ell officials unrolled largo 'plans, palnte< many colours, and tho committee crowdei rouud thom to study thc road system. -Alder roan Stephen, being tho shortest present mounted a chair, and looked over tho others heads. Soon thero Was a babel of voices, one only odd words could be heard. Dut a Intervals Alderman Cocks could bo heard abovi tho rest. "Half truths again. Nothing bu half truths those days." Tho clntter continued and he thon broko from tho group and modi for tho door, saying, "This Is no placo for mo That Is not tho way to do business. Yoi aro all mixed, and no ono can toll mo any thing. I'm off." Ten seconda later Alder man Cocks returned. 'Ho had forgotten hi! hat. Picking lt up ho contemptuously shoutct "Rotten," and departed finally. A. Masonic Tour.-A Masonic trowel af sli- ver which is on its way around tho ..arid hal roached Portlnnd, Oregon, where It was re- ceived with due ceremony by a commlttco o brethren of high degree. Tho trowel, whlcl has started from Now York, will go td overj Masonic jurisdiction In Christendom befon it completes its long Journey. Its mlssloi ls to establish a closer relationship among thc Masonic lodges of tho world. It was des- patched on its travels two yoars ago frbrc tho Now York Jurisdiction. On Its tour thur far tho trowel has visited New York, Roches- ter, Buffalo, Hamilton, Ontario, Detroit, To- ledo, iSIkhart, Chicago, Cedar Rapids, Omaha Denver, Cheyenne, and Portland. Tho trowel was dedicated, by the Grand Lodgo of New York on October 30, 1005. It was first con- veyed to Rochester and dollverod to Oonesec Falls Lodge, thence lt wont to Horncllsvilfc Lodge, thence to Washington Lodge of Buf- falo. It was then sont across the border to Hamilton, Ontario, where it was received by flartou Lodge, with elaborate ceremonies; The Forco of Example.-A petitioner for a divorce was under examination before Mr. Jué tlce Simpson yesterday. His wife, he said, had, deserted him, and as be was ovidently not well posted in legal procedure or thc law's refinements, his Honor nsked him whether anyone had suggested to him that ho could get a .divorce on tho ground of desertion. He replied "No." "Well, how did you como to know thnl you could get a divorce?" "1 road it." "You road the newspapers, I supposo?" "Yes, slr." "Tho divorce cases?" Yes, slr." "Always read Ibo divorce cases?" "Yes, slr." His llonoj then observed that a Judgo at ono time said that almost every divorce granted brought about a doslro on the part of other peoplo to apply for divorce on their own ac- count, and ho supposed thero might bc some- thing In lt. Eventually jmlltloucr was granted a decrco nisi for tho dissolution ot bis mar- riage. Plague Rats.-During last week 2288 rats and mice wore destroyed in the city under tho direction ot tho Board of Health. Of these S02 wore examined nt thc board's laboratorios, with tho result that 18 rats, all taken on board the steamer Innamincka, wore found to bo plaguo-lnfectcd. Otherwise, tho president of tho Board of Health stated yesterday, the j metropolitan area appearB to bo freo of plague i infection. Oreat Tunnel Scheme.-A Danish engineer Mr. II. Ohrt-(says "Engineering"), has pre- pared plans tor a tunnel under tho drcat Ddt, on which ho recontly lectured heforo tho In- dustrial Society, Copenhagen, several mom bers of tho Danish Parllamont hoing present. Tho increasing raliway trafile made, In tho speaker's opinion, a tunnel under tho Groat Bolt, botwoon tho Islands of Zoalond mid Fuh ncn, a necessity. Tho tunnol, according to the prcsont plan, would follow a straight lino, proceeding from Svenstrup, In Zealand, pnss lug under tho Eslnnd of Sprogo to tho coast of Fubncn. Tho distance undor tho Belt is about Iii miles, In addition to which there would bo lj milo of tunnel on tho Zealand sido, and 1J milo on tho Fuhnen side. The gradient suggested Is 1:60, which is not ex- cessive. Tho Groat Belt tunnol would hnve to descend to a depth ot 31 fathoms at ono spot, but, on tho othor hand, thero would be no groat changes In tho temperature, which would remain at somo 7 dog. Cont. Mr. Ohrt holds that tho tunnel in all places should bo nt least 60ft (20 motros) beneath tho bottota of tho Bolt. From tho deepest point, about throe milos oft tho Zealand Coast, tho tunnol would riso slowly to a dopth of 150ft bonoath tho Island of Sprogo, where thoro would bo n shaft for ventilation. From Sprogo tho tunnel ls to proceed in a lovol lino close to tho Fuhnon Const, whoro the-ascending grndl oat will bo 1:100, whilst lt would bo 1:60 on tho Zealand sido. The tunnol will have to bo lined, preferably with granite. Tho duration ot thc work ls calculated at four to five years, and Ibo cost of tho tunnol nt rather moro limn £1,000,000, In addition to which other . work, now lines, stations, otc, will entail a funner oxpondituro ot about £350,000. This calcu- lation is based nipon tho avorago of Bomo 30 tunuolB In Gnrmnuy and Switzerland. Electri- cal traction ls ossontlnl. District Court Usefulness.-In No. 2, Jury Court yesterday a CBBO In which a storekeeper nt Mathoura Biiod two slooper-gctlers for un account owing for groceries and sUres wns tried. It appcarod that tho action had origin- ally boon brought In tho District Court nt Deniliquin, but tho plaintiff found that thero WUB no sitting ot that Court between February nud August, and thorcforo elected to dis- continuo tho action, pay thc costs Incidental to lt, and begin again In tho Supromo Court, as- ho would got moro speedy Juslico. Mr. Justlco Pring, In summing up to tia Jury, re- ferred to this phaso of tho matter. It was a Btrango commontnry, ho snld, on tho useful- ness of tho District Court that a mnn found lt moro convenient to trnvol COO milos to Syd- ney to have lils caso trlod than to walt until tho District Court at Donillquln could try lt. It was suggested by tho defendants that tho Supremo Court nctlon had. been brought be- cause tho District Court action could bo de- fended for a fow shillings, but tho plaintiff denied this, and gavo the rouson to which ho had already referred. What was tho actual reason ho loft to tho Jury to' do Lcrmlne, but lt was strange that thero was no District Court sitting In Deniliquin between Fobruary and August, Mr. J. C. Watson, H.P., in a loiter lo Mr. II. Kas- ten, hon. secretary of the Immigration 1-caguo ot Aus- tralia, writes:-"1 nm ol opinion Unit to ensure the nieces! of uny large Immigration movement it in abso- lutely essential timi in radi of our Slatos sultatilc areas of land for immediate occupation sluill lie mudo available. Your league. In culling attention to thin need, luis done good work, and In emphasising such a policy you cnn rely upon the strenuous support ot tho party lo which 1 belong." Thc I'ommilleo ol the Ncwsboyo' Association have made Dual arrangements for the newsboys' picnic, to bc held nt Clifton Bardens on Tuesday. Over 1001 han been collected, und a number ol prîtes In kind havo been received (rom city linns. Tho boat will leave Fort .Macquarie at 0 a,m. Provision will ho made tor SOO boys. A sports prograhitno has been nrmnffed. Mi-, Ocorgo A. Thorp wiles, strongly protesting against the arrangement recently inaugurated on thc < overhead bridge at llockdalc railway station for the purpose ol ticket Inspection, which he says makes] lor serious delay ima unwarrantable Inconvenience. "Lewl.iliamfte" complains ot Um way Hie approaches lo the Lewisham slnllon ure hedged in hy walla "rc tumbling those surrounding li gnot." Wc havo been requested ta stiilo that Mr. George Wright appeared for Mr. ,1. V. Wright at thu Hurst ville Appeal Court, owing to the latter's Illness. 