THE WEEK IN LONDON. . AN AÜSTBALLOPS NOTES. (BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) In Tooley-street. LONDON. Feb. 21. ' Tooley-street 18 universally historic In no aspect of certain tailors Tooley- street lies low on the river, and you must breast the appalling tide of life that beats across London Bridge before you may And it It is no place for tailors Hence, probably, and by natural gravitation of tendency, It has come to be the headquarters of butter and edible produce having affinity therewith The street has lost its glory, but it maintains its name For Australian purposes, indeed, it is a much' more Interesting entity as it is As a matter of fact, It does not, at first sight, suggest ItS latent possibilities It he happened upon it by chance, in Its wilderness surrounding, the casual passer-by would not dream of its importance But that is essentially the method! of London. You must got behind appearances here Without knowledge of what was toward, you Would quite fail to see in these dingy offices, and dark stairways, and small stores, the centre of enormous business activity, and you would never guess that this casual gentleman, seated at a dilapidated table, In a weather-beaten room about four feet by four, flanked by piled-up heaps of little square boxes, which straggled out of the doorway and stretched into dim passages be- yond you would never guess that he had, under his very eyes thousands of pounds' worth of Australian butter A little way back from the street, and at the river's edge, is a wharf, which, you would not see unless it were pointed out to you and all day long come barges to Its side, and all day long casks and boxes of butter in hand ed and thousands, are hoisted ashore That wharf is almost the last stage in their various journeyings across great distances of ocean and of land-from Australia and New Zealand, and Canada, from Denmark, from France, and from Siberia Such is Tooley-street a decorous, even a dull the roughfare, and yet the point of focus of a great Industry. I have been there again this week, under the aegis of the London produce export of this journal, whose appearance In these various In- significant- looking buildings had an "open sesame" effect, So that one was speedily the interested participant in a bewildering Jargon, the vocabulary of which was mainly concerned with "bulls," and "bears," and "rigging," mixed with Information as to the results of the present shortage of Australian butter. Cause and effect could scarcely be more widely separated The rain falls to fall in dairying districts in New South Wales, and to, a lot of people in London forthwith eat margarine instead of butter For, as you will have heard, long since, there is something of a crisis in the butter trade at pro sent London depends largely on Australia at this time of the year, and Australian supplies are short. Record prices are quoted, the merchants will not buy, because the public, resentful of the jump In prices, have largely forsaken butter for substitutes and "mixtures," and altogether Tooley-street is in a heated condition I heard a good deal of interesting opinion as to the different quail-! ties of our butter I sampled as much as I cared to It was not much. Without having quite the same result possibly as wine tasting, It may be taken as a fact that in the sampling of butter even though it be Australian butter -the amount consumed is in no way proportionate to its cumulative effect I learned, however, where our best butter comes from The secret is safe The Australian in London has considerable difficulty in finding the butter of his own country. The enormous quantity that comes here vanishes mysteriously as far as specific declaration of its origin is concerned. It leaves Tooley-street as Australian butter. It is never ticketed in the shops such. One hears hints that It undergoes strange metamorphoses, and that skilful mix- ing of it with inferior sorts Is an excellently profitable undertaking I pray devoutly that it is not Australian butter which prevails at many London hotel tables and restaurants I prefer rather to believe that much of it is so good in quality, and survives the long voyage so well, that It is ultimately Haunted in the front row of the great provision stores and ticketed at top price as prime Danish Danish, properly so called, has the inestimable advantage, In butler, of being on sale In London within a week of Its manufacture. We cannot compete with geographical facts Tooles - street offers sufficient evidence, however, of our ablity to succeed In spite of them. immigration The Canadian Method, Figures made available to me this week at our Agent-General's office offer some unexpected Information as to the exact status of the oversea Immigrants who have been flock- ing Into Canada In such widely advertised numbers, and Incidentally suggest that Australians might profitably sift details before allowing themselves to be overwhelmed by those numbers. It turns out that only a small proportion of the total number of persons entering Canada are both oversea immigrants and bona-fide land settlers The Canadian method appears to accept anyone For instance, of 71,410 Immigrants who landed in Quebec in 1905 only 20,247 even returned themselves as agriculturists and of those who return themselves as such the agents here declare that 25 per cent are consistently rejected by the Canadian authorities in respect of the bonus allowed the agent for very bona-fide agriculturist induced Into Canada. The other 5/,000 of the total mentioned were made up of labourers, mechanics, clothes, miners, domestics, and 4500 not classed. That is to say, two sevenths of a total number willingly admitted into Canada would be scarcely welcomed at all In Australia. Figures other than those of Quebec reveal similar facts Moreover, Canadian statistics showing the huge number of bona-fide farmers who have taken up the, best sorts of land-"homesteads"-aro Bome what discounted by figures that show much of this settlement to be in nowise due to over- sea Immigration. A large proportion of the settlers are American farmers, who have simply crossed the border with their wives and families, and cattle, and Implements most desirable people, doubtless, but not over sea Immigrants any more than are the Canadians themselves, who are also largely responsible for swelling the published totals of those "homestead" settlements Of 39,00,0 homestead lands occupied in 1908 25,000 were taken up by Americans and Canadians, and only 8000 by English, Scotch, or Irish immigrants, while for the month of July, 1907, the latest period available, the proportion was 1990 American settlers In a total of 2400 The two chief facts that emerge from these figures are therefore- (l) that the vast butcher over near immigrants into Canada are not imme Rialto land-seekers, and (2) that statistics appearing to prove the contrary by showing the immense amount of land newly taken up (Should be read side by side with figures that soft really over-sea immigrants from settlers who are either already on the spot or worn separated from Canada only by the American border Uno 