The Oroya immigrants. WELCOMED TN BRISBANE. The immigrants who arrived by the Oroya on Thursday, were entertained at night in the Social Hall, Brisbane l>y the Queensland League of Wel come. The hall was crowded. Hon. G. Kerr, 51 nister for Railways presided, and welcomed the visitors on behalf of the Government. He pointed out the tremendous advantages of Queens land. The Hon. R. Philp said he was glad to have the opportunity of extending his welcome to the new arrivals. Tliey had come to the best State in Aus tralia, and to a country where they never need be out of work. Every op portunity would be given them to' work, and to save and acquire homes of their own. A larger population was urgently wanted in Queensland. There was ample room for all com ers. The conditions of work were far better than in the old country, and there was always success for the peo ple who availed themselves of their opportunities and were willing to work. After dwelling on the great advanthges afforded by Queensland as a field! for immigration Mr. Philp con cluded by cordially welcoming the new arrivals, and wishing them luck and prosperity. (Applause.) Brief addressed were delivered also by Mr. James Allan, Mrs. J.- J. Kingsbury, Mr. O'N. Brenan, Alder man M'Master, Sir. Ryland, M.L.A., Mrs. Williams (president of the W.C. T.U.), and the Rev. G. E. Rowe. The immigrants number 205 men, women, and children, consisting of 16 married men, 28 married women, 48 single men. 77 single women, and 37 children. The nationalities are : Eng lish, 14'J ; Irish, 27 : Scotch, 24 ; -'.Danish, 2 ; Swedes, 2 ; Austrian, 1 ; I German, 1. Their destinations are : Brisbane, 156 : Townsville, 12 ; Bun- daberg, 9 : I.ucinda, 6 ; Mackay, 5 ; Cairns-. 5 ; Cliilders, 4 ; Bowen, 4 ; Rockhampton, 3 : Geraldton, 1. There were 100 nominated, 57 free, 44 as sisted, and 5 full-payers. The free immigrants are all female "domestic servants. The majority of the assist ed passengers arc farmers w th their families, and all purpose to engage in agricultural pursuits. 