CABLE NEWS IN BRIEF. . IMMIGRANTS FOR NEW SOUTH WALES. T.ONDON. Friday. The steamer Waratah has sailed with 720 third-class passengers, in- cluding 110 assisted settlers, for New South Wales. This is the lurgest number of third-class passengers car- ried by any steamer. THEATRICAL 'ENTERPRISES. The , George Willoughby Comedy Company will produce "The Alan from Mexico" at the Coronet The- atre, London, on November 23. Mr. Oscar Asche and Miss Lily Brayton are arranging a six months' tour of Australia, sailing on Alay 2'L They will open their Australian season vvltéi a new, play, adapted from Stanley Weyman's-"Count Han- nibal." BAD FOOD IN AN ORPHANAGE. | 3-Mght deaths have occurred at the , Mount Saint Vincent Girls' Orphan- age, in Limerick, on account of bud food. There are sixty-six other suf- ferers, and two aro in a critical con- dition. x " I DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BEAUTY. The wife of Air. George Heath, a hatter in Oxford-street, has obtained £."¡00 damages from Mrs. Catherine Lavin, otherwise Madame Auguste, a . beauty specialist, of Bond-street, for I an injury to her face during a course of'treatment. SCULLING HANDICAP. A strong committee is arranging nn international sculling handicap, to be rowed on the Thames, for £300 presented through the London "Sportsman." The event will prob- ably .take place next' Alay. and tho committee hopes that Australia and New Zealand scullers will compete. PENNY POSTAGE. Negotiations are in progress for the establishment of penny postage between Germany and the United States. . AMERICA'S PROSPERITY. Reports from Pittsburg, Boston, Chicago, and «St. Louis state that as a-result'of the Presidential election there are substantial signs of return- ing prosperity. * " 200 CHINESE DROWNED. A Chinese steamer, while carrying 000 passengers on tèie voyage from Amoy to Tungali, founded, 200 passengers being drowned. «.QUEENSLAND INVESTMENT COMPANY. LONDON, Saturday. The balance-sheet of the Queens- land Investment and Land Jlortgnge Company shows a balance of £737(5 to credit of profit and loss account on the past year's business. The company benefited from the excep- tionally largo returns on its shares in the Queensland Cattle Company. DALGETY AND CO. The balance-sheet of Dalgety and Co.. Limited, for the past year shows a balance to credit of profit and loss account of £210,311. It is proposed to declare a dividend of G per cent and a bonus of 1 per cent ; to be added to reserve fund, £3.*i,000 : writing down premises ac- count, £30,000 ; staff benevolent fund. £5,000 ; carried forward, £7031. THE LICENSING BILL. The Licensing Bill was further con- sidered in committee in tho House of Commons last nig-ht, and an amend- ment introduced by the Government dealing with the inspection of clubs was adopted after much opposition. Under this amendment a police in- spector in plain clothes, cn produc- ing a magistrate's order, which will bo valid for a week, will be enabled to visit Ide club specified in such order. RACIALISM IN SOUTH AFRICA. Speaking at Manchester yesterday. Colonel Sccly.' ALP., Under Secretary for the Colonies, emphasised that racialism was now dead in South Africa, and mentioned the new. fact that the most influential and most trusted lenders of the Dutch 'people in South Africa urgently asked the Imperial Government "to maintain the largest possible garrison of British soldiers there. THE ALBERT! FRAUDS. LONDON, Saturday. At a meeting of creditors of Wilier and Riley, Limited, provision mer- chants, and importers, who lost hcav ilv through the frauds of Al. Alberti, Danish ex- Minister of Justice, the liquidator informed tho mooting that I the statement of affairs showed a surplus of £146,000, but if the Pri- vate Bank of Copqnhngen succeeded in Its claim for £30,000 the surplus would be correspondingly reduced, und would bo further reduced to £33,000 if Wilier mid Riley's claim against the Danish Farmers' Butter .Export Association failed. Some of the creditors urged the immediate realisation of the ussets of,the com- pany, but no resolution was passed. The liquidator will call another meeting of creditors in six weeks. AUSTRIAN MINISTRY RESIGNED. As a result of racial conflicts In Bohemia, Dr. Fielder and Al. Pras chek, the Czech members of the Aus- trian Ministry resigned office. The whole of the members of Dr. Aron Beck's Cabinet have sinco re- signed, and the Cabinet will be re | constructed by Dr. von Bjenerth, the present Alinister of the Interior. ' AMERICAN" BANKER SEN- TENCED. Charles W. Morse, the Now York bankor, who was convicted on charges of misappropriation of funds und making false entries, has been .sentenced to fifteen years' imprison- ment, lie has announced his inten- tion of appealing against the sen- tence. LORD . NORTHCOTE. LONDON, Sunday. .Lord Northcote, Inte Governor General of the Australian Common- wealth, who is returning to Englund via «Japan and Canada, has arrived at Victoria, Vancouver Island. 