T""t L SUMMARY. It is known that' Mr. Aaquith submitted pro;' , posed Ministerial changes to the King; but noth-: ing will be announced until; after his return. ' Mr. Winston' Chitrcbill is said to 'be a likely successor to Mr. Lloyd-George as President,, oc the' Board ot Tritdo, rather than Secretory of . State for the Colonies. , ' In thie event of Mr. Churchill's defeat Jn tlio Manchester by-election, rendered necessary by: 1 . bis elevation to Cabinet rank, a Wolsh. momberi ba3 offered to retire. The "Dally News"- claims : authority tol/an- : 5 ; nouncc that ' Mr. ' John Moriey will go to ' the House of Lords, but retain. office as Secretarjr of Slate for India.- — According ' to tho "Daily Mall," the.-' tele graphists have begun a strike 'throughout India, and tho Calcutta office whs "nedriy. dqeerted: on , Wednesday.""""; . Delays In. the, transmission, of .telegrams are causing : serious.. loss.es. .to, LpndQn-' iirms, .and business in jute, linseed, , and. shellac is at a standstill. : ' /. . . , M. Pouteau, .a chemist. at. Dijon,. France, bns invented an electric .gun. which. he claims can/;' Are 1200 shots a minute. . . ;:v ' Lord Curzon has declared in a speech at- : Basingstoke that Mr. Balfour's fiscal platform' is one whereon all sections of Conservatives ' . could well unite. ' "I do not envy either the commonsense or' political foresight of' the man who declares that / no change in our fiscal policy is required." — i Lord Curzon. In a special message to Congress, President Roosevelt bns' declared ' that, compared with .. the suppression of anarchism, every other ques tion sinks into, insignificance. , . Two soldiers have been shot dead in a street in Lisbon in revenge for the troops, firing on at crowd during the election riots. Tho London/County Council loan, £2,760,000' consolidated 3% per cent, stock, issued at par, has been subscribed -over tenfold. , Mr. R. B. Haldar.e, Secretary of State for War, is appealing to Oraployers to give facilities to employees to join the Territorial force. . . Tito tonnage ot ebips nowi building in tho United Kingdom is 459,000 below that at the same period of 1907. A Belfast doctor reports that a new serum treatment for cerebro-spinal meningitis reduced the death-rate from 75 to 30 per cent. A bill making it felony to gumblo on horse- racing In the State of New York has been de feated in the State Senate. Canada's intermediate tariff bas been applied to French goods direct from Franco or through British ports, otherwiso tho maximum tariff must be paid. The political situation which was developed in the House of Representatives on Thursday night is likely to lead to a complete Ministerial reconstruction. Mr. Dcakln prop.oscs to retire from the Gov ernment. This will involve the resignation ot the Ministry. If he should do so, _Sir William Lyne will be sent for. \- Sir William Lyne, should he, bo sent for, will.- endeavor to form a coalition administration with the .Labor parly.. Mr.-Deakin may bo induced, to change bis mind. The coastal shipping strike has been pataclB- cnliy settled. Th/e-v. lurf- In borer:/ -whn wore out are to resume work at midnight on Sunday. . The Bank of England return is a favorablo one this week, and on the London Stock Ex-- change colonial inscribed stocks are somewhat firmer. On the London metal markets this week cop-' per has risen £1, while tin has fallen £1 and lead 5s. Pig-iron is rather higher. At Bradford, tops have fallen heavily. Tho _wlieat market in London-is, depressed, and flour is reported itneSllable. Butter is steady, New' Zealand topping Danish. ; , ' ' ' ' 1 A young girl/ Annie Selmes, living at Mary's-, hill. Parramatta, fell on a pair' of scissors 'on Thursday night, and died from hemorrhage. . A meeting was held at the Hotel Australia/ yesterday for the purpose ot devising means for ; obtaining all available evidence in .connection, with the North Shore Bridge. : Shippers who suffered losses by the. founder-i ing. of the Begu at Bega, yesterday decided to . esk the Marine Board" to-adjourn the inquiry to, Bega or Tathra. A man. J. Wilson, aged SS yedrs, a resident', of Balmain, was knocked down and killed by a ' tram in front of the G.P.O., George-street, yes terday. , 1 , Mr. F. T. Humphery, M.L.C., died suddenly ' at the Hotel Australia yesterday morning; He' was ia the Legislative Council the' previous' nlghl. The London money mai'kot this week is slight ly firmer, and it is cheaper 'now, ttian the 'Paris' market, and considerably cheaper than -Berlin. Spirits 'imported into the Commonwealth to- ' tailed 2,504,213 gallons in 1902, and rbso' to a consumption of 2,727,175 gallons In 1900. ' The total rovonue from tobacco locally manu factured and imported was £1,108,659 in 1902, and in 1907 £1,582,415 was obtained., . 4 The Premier stated yesterday,, in reply to! . Mr. Edden, in the Legislative Assembly, that It; coal miners had. .been assisted from tho Old- country, instructions had been brokon. Mrs. Baxter, one of the victims of tho Inver- cargill (N.Z.) tragedy, died yesterday. Tho re maining two chiidron aro in a precarious- condi— tiou. . At Rooty-hill yesterday tho National Cours-; ing Association's Derby was won by Kllzeke, tlie runner-up being Lortl Cannongate. Bold Princess won tho Oaks from Moss Bird. Numerous trains loaded with stnrving stock . , are arriving- at Coonambla from the drought' ; country. Over 1009 trucks have been ordered to: go to Coonamblc. Owing to tho irregular traffic of coastal; steamers, ,tho steamer Wakatipu has left Edehj. witli a full complement of passenger for'Syd-i' ney. About 50" were disappointed. : Shf' A deputation yesterday desired tho Propier . to bring in 'legislation to prevent Sunday fune- . rals, excepting in special cases. . . ' ' . Mr. Wade said it was necessary that the opln-' ; ion of, the general public should . bo- first, oh- , ' tained. He did not think the matter was ono . for Parliament. " . Share values on the Sydney' mining market, yesterday wero firm in almost every ' instance," Silver-lead scrip was quoted higher throughout. Playing in tho final of the F.S.A.A.A, cricket competition yesterday G. Neville, of Burwood, bowled five overs , tor seven wickets and ho - runs. Sinco July 1,. 1907, 608,830 bates of wool have boon shipped from Sydney and Newcastle, as1 against 7-16,872 bales for the, corresponding' period last year. ' '.: Tho Local Option Court has decided upon re-, ducing. the number ot hotels in Darllnghurst electorate by five; the wiuo licenses by two: It1 was stated yesterday that the Victorian Government is prepared to mark off 1,000,009 . acres for immigrants ' of the 12,000,000 acros left for settlement. ' A collision took placo yesterday at Syilen-i ltam between a special parliamentary train and goods trucks. The guard's van and two trucks were derailed. H.M.S; Cambrian is under orders to proceed' to tlio New Hebrides, and will lenvo hore on., Saturday next. Tlie Premier laid upon tho tablo of tho As-; sc-mbly yesterday correspondence respecting the -reorganisation of 'the Colonial Office In London, and lhe establishment of . an Imperial secret tarlat. ' ' . . Mr. Wade, commencing on the . correspondence,, .said tlint tills State should '-'not be relogated, to tho position of a parochial council." Light to moderate rain has fallen on tho north,' coast and parts of tlie Hunter and Manning, and, at two stations on the northern . tablelands. To-day's forecast:— "A few scattered thunder- showers, winds veering to south; squally on the. ' const; prospect of rain setting in over/eastern' districts, shortly." f , ' Tho tug Rescue is now regarded - as a total, wreck oh the Richmond River bar. Hor hull is. full of water and settling down in tho. sand. ; . , The Department of Agrloulturo will shortly; „ I havo a supply of phylloxera-resistant .vine; stocks available for dlstrlbutiqn.to vignorons in.-. : . infected districts. . , ' - A bont containing three men was run-, down;;:): in tho lmrbor loqt night by! the' WiboritslBaJfipgi gtnamer Vaneluse. one .helng drowned: Jan Morren. the man drowned. /was, I'soem struggling in the water with tho othohr two(Ghfc ' jiesaU' He/wa3.a-)VhtermanJrs'.o«aqs$lqUy?S2i -.'v-'.tj 5, 1 v. A 