MISCELLANEOUS CABLES. London, September 20. Many public bodies in Ireland, including the Dublin Corporation, have strenuously protested against the " iaeult to tbe Roman Catbolies" given by tbe British Prime Minister in prohibiting the Eaobaristio pro cession in London. As a result of Mr. Asquith'a aotion, and tbe Liberal attacks on Roman Catholic schools, the United Irish League leaden and the priests have deoidod to support the Unionist oaudida(e at the forthcoming Parliamentary eleotion for New castle, and his chauoes have in oonseqaenee greatly improved. The Liberal oandidate is also toeing opposed by a Socialist. It is expeoted that a special squadron of modern British warships will visit Australia next year. The Qreat Western Railway Company has joined the combination of other gneati%ogliah railway companies with >a view to resisting ..tbe nationalisation sohemesjpf tbe Govern ment. . £ . "Mr. Wilbur Wright haw&ade; a record fiigtri lpittrtow MpeptMBQ fflM* Waal, io France, covering a distance of about 41} miles in 1 hour 31 tnin. 25 aeos. After • seven months' straggle, in whioh the loss of wages has been £600,000, and, the strike pay £240,000, the shipbuilding engineers on strike on . the north-east coast of England have, by their latest ballot, accepted the provisional terms ef settlement offered by the employers. . A demonstration in which from 10,000 to 20,000 unemployed will take part is being organised by the Socialists, And is to be held in Trafalgar Sqaare, London, on .October 10. An extensive system-of frand practised by Chinese immigrants who obtained exemption from the head, tax by means of fraudulent certificates,, representing them as visiting merchants, has been discovered by the Gov ernment of Canada. As a result of the Lancashire cotton trade dispute, 530 mills have stopped work, and only 160 are working, either wholly or partially. Oldham, the great cotton manu facturing centre, is particularly affected by the stoppage of the mills, and one-third of the popnlation is idle, Speakjng in berlin*- Prince von Buelow declared that no one'in Germany dreamed of attacking Staglaod. It was a frightful misunderstanding/ •_ Atberti, ttibTJAnish ex-Mioieter, is alleged to have embexzjed, by means of forgeries, £605,000 from/the feasants' Savings Bank and £225,000* from the Danish Batter As sociation. As a resnlt of tbe defalcations fifty-two daineB are liable tp the; extent of £5000 eaoh, and this may . rnin'the small farmers. A Syrian named Trades, who was a pas senger by steamer from Santos, in Brazil, tried ,to throw overboard a trnnk containing his employer's body, and was arretted and landed at Rio de Janeiro. He confessed to having committed the murder with the com plicity of his employer's wife. Aft a result of 'a gon explosion on the French eruiaer Latoucbe Tre»ille, off Toulon, - just after a gunnery recruit class had con cluded their first practice, thirteen men were killed and two others fatally injured. ■ It is stated that ^during the next five years Germany will be compelled to meet a deficit pf from £100,000,000 to £112.500.000, and this will necessitate increased taxation. , London, September 24 It is reported that Empire Day was this year, observed by 15,640 schools, with 3,229,000 scholars, in the United Kingdom, and by 35,482 schools, with 3,548,200 scholars, in the colonies. These figures show a large ioorease upon the figures of last year. News has been received that nine whites and. 101 Chinese and Japanese have, been drowned through the wreck of the barque Star of Bengar off the coast of Alaska. -Only 27 of those on board were saved. Negotiations for the settlement of the Asiatic question in the Transvaal having proved abortive, General Botha, the Premier of the colony, has informed the Indian, residents that he intends to enforce the latest regulations. A-hurricane has devastated the Bahama Islands, in the British West Indies, and there is now -great "distress existing amongst the population, ~ ' * It is stated that when the gun on the French orniser Latoucher Trlville burst, the covering of its turret flew into splinters, and the deok was littered with the mutilated remains of the men who were working the gen. The inquest regarding Mrs. Luard's death resulted in a verdiot of " murder" against persona unknown. The jnry pro tested against auonymooa letters sent to influence this verdict. The Coroner aaid he had never known the polioe to be more baffled. The new Japanese Charge d' Affairs in London, on being interviewed, stated that, the Anglo-Japanese alliance was one of Japan's most valued possessions, working for the peace' of the world. Not a single Japanese dreamt of war with the United States. Japan had no policy of aggression even in thePacifio or Manohuria. A second child, which has been named Power, has been born to. the Rev. Smitbe ligott and Miss Ruth Preece at the "Abode of. Love," Spaxbon.; Pigotfa lawful wife meekly atkendecUthe-parents of the child at the formalities before the registrar, in the. drawing-room of the " Abode of Love." 