LATEST TELEGRAMS. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT] fi [BY TELEGRAM.] ADELAIDE August 6. Wallaroos, sales 39s 3d. Souths contributing, s. 75s b. 74s 6d. Junction Norths 22s. Latest London metal quotations show Copper, at £60. Tin, £137 5s. Lead, £13 10s. Silver, 2s Old. Mr. Jenkins, late Agent General for South Australia, in the published report of an interview by the representative of a leading London newspaper, flatly contradicts the statement just made in the South Australian Parliament by Treasurer Peake to the effect that he (Jenkins) disobeyed the orders he had received and thus occasioned the recent loan fiasco. He states that if all the correspondence which has taken place in connection with this loan transaction be published, this will show clearly that it was Treasurer Peake's own premature announcement, which appeared in the London Times of July 27th, that prevented the completion of the bargain with Lloyd's Bank and has been responsible for all the subsequent trouble and anxiety in this connection. This morning's cables state that forest fires of enormous magnitude are raging in British Columbia, causing widespread devastation. It is stated that over seven considerable towns have been reduced to ashes, whilst thousands of people are left homeless and destitute. H.E Governor Le Hunte leaves Adelaide to-day in H.M.S. Psyche for the purpose of making a tour of the Spencers Gulf ports, August 7. In the House of Assembly yesterday, your senior member, Mitchell, in the debate on the Address-in-Reply,. continued his rem marks on the Northern Territory. He deplored the coldness displayed in this connection, and said it was a matter for regret that members could not be induced to attach more importance to NortHam Territory affairs, which, from their attitude of contemptuous indifference, might be thought to be some region outside the sphere of South Australian interests. This morning's cables state that the Count Zeppelin's famous air ship has come to an untimely end, having been struck by lightning; and completely wrecked by the resulting explosion, during a thunderstorm. Ten thousand men have been thrown out of employment through the crippling of the mining and other industries in the Kootenay Valley, Brtt ! ish Columbia, by the disastrous forest j t res. 4 The conflagration is still raging. A disastrous earthquake occurred in ! Algeria on Tuesday night last'. The shocks continued for a period of six hours, two or three being of a terrible I character. The cities of Philiipeville and Constantine have been almost levelled with the ground, and the inhabitants are panic stricken. No. details have been received as to loss of life, which, it is feared, has been very great. A desperate but unsuccessful attempt has been made to assassinate the Sultan of Turkey. This occurred on Monday when a minor official in the Yildiz Palace rushed into the Sultan's private apartments and savagely stabbed that potentate with a dagger. But the Sultan was wearing a fine coat of steel mail, which saved him from serious injury. The assassin was arrested. * Messrs. Hendrie and Bell report to-day's metal quotations as follows: Tin, 3 months, £139 12s 6d. Copper, G.M.B., £61 10s. August S. This morning's cables give further harrowing details of the widespread suffering and destitution caused by the recent disastrous forest fires in British Columbia. It is feared that pestilence will sweep away many of the ruined settlers where there are over 2000 women and children left in a starving condition and destitute of anything in the shape of sanitary accommodation. Two Chinese who arrived in Fremantle recently by the steamer Charon, from Singapore, have just been arrested as stowaways, and charged with being prohibited immigrants illegally at large. At the inquiry in connection with the Hythe tragedy the jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against George Hudson, of Hobart Town, Tasmania. Details have just come to hand showing that Ei lessen, the leader of the Danish expedition to Greenland which started out in 1906, perished miserably with two companions. With two of his companions he became separated from remainder of crew, and drifted away on an ice flee into the unknown. This occurred some months ago, and all must have perished miserably. The expedition has otherwise been successful, having succeeded in charting the whole of the northern and eastern coast of Greenland, August 10. The American fleet, which signified its approach several days ago by wireless telegraphic messages, has just arrived at Auckland, N.Z., where great preparations, have been made for its reception. The overland motorists have reached Daly Waters, and report having undergone an exciting experience on the way from Powell's Creek. The motorists encountered a " forest " fire which had presumably been started by the natives, and apparently had a race for life. They report having made a dash through three miles of burning country, the fl times at many points leaping several feet high upon both sides of the line. Nine Chinese stowaways have been discovered on board the German steamer Prinz Valdemar, just arrived at Sydney'. The Earl of Dudley has left Ottawa, Canada, en route for Sydney, Australia. It is announced that on and after September 1, sugar will be imported into the United Kingdom duty free from any country in the world. The death is announced of the Marquis of Rudini, the well-known Italian statesman, at the age of 69. The A.R.C. Grand National Hurdles, on Saturday, was won by Mundiaba. The Fulham Park Plate was- won by Rockdale. The Australian Steeplechase was won by Nigel. Aug. 11. To-day's New Zealand wires announce that the official landing of the American fleet took place at Auckland yesterday. Immense crowds witnessed the landing, and it is stated that great enthusiasm and cordiality marked the ceremonial. The American fleet is expected to arrive in Sydney on August 20th, and preparations on an extensive and club orate scale are being made for its reception. His Excellency Governor Le Hunte is reported to be now touring the various ports of Yorke's Peninsula. The outlook is still very unsettled in affairs Indian. Latest news to hand states that three Bengal anarchists have been tried and each sentenced to seven years' imprisonment. The editor of a native Indian newspaper, named Marat he, has been charged with publishing seditious articles, and sentenced to a term of five years imprisonment. Melbourne wires to hand state? (hair Minister Best, Vice-President of the Executive Council, speaking at the Lord Mayor's luncheon, yesterday, said " They ought not to look at the great Northern Territory problem from" a strictly commercial standpoint, but rather from the standpoint of the safety to the Nation." The Adelaide City Council has prohibited boxing exhibitions in public halls. Aug. 12. In the Legislative Council, yesterday Lucas directed attention to the Government Resident's report in which reference is made to the urgent necessity for legislation providing better i protection for aborigines i it the Northern Territory, especially that port side of the report dealing with Uvbtas mixing with white men, The Chief Secretary said the Gov- eminent had a Bill in type at the pre- | sent moment dealing with this matter, and expected the measure to be in the- ¡ duced in the Assembly in about two months time. Treasurer Peake informed the House to-day that the Government had ever- , ranged with the Bank of Adelaide for the flotation of a £200,000 loan at £95 16-, less 12s 6d! stamp duty, to be paid to the British Government,, or at £95 3s 6d net if paid to the S.A Government. But if the loan were sold at over £96 10s per cent the Government is to have half of my such excels, I 