[?] AUSTRlLASflN. Terrible accideat at Kalgoorlie; two men electrocuted. A child poisoned at Petersburg through drinking caustic soda. Some more fine nuggets discovered it the Poseidon rush ia Victoria. Labor successes reported in connec tion with the West Australia elections. A motor car smash in' Perth owing io a collision wLth a train ; three persons injured. Allegations of sweating made con? oerning tbe mate Temproyes *a* tfcis Melbourne Hospital. Arrival in Melbourne of the new Governor - GeDer&l;, Lord DudJev ; a welcome accorded him. Sad case reported from Melbourne ; death of a young married man through taking an overdose o£ a drug~*to pro mote sleep. Serious epidemic of influenza among horses in Melbourne ; nearly 1,000 horses prescribed for during four days by the veterinary officers. Tbe schemes for public works which the Victorian Grovercanent have in hand will involve expenditure to the extent of £6,000,000 of .£7,000,000. The Freeman and Wallace Medical Institute of Sydney sued for £1,000 by a farmer for alleged wrongful medical treatment; £450 awarded «h« plaintiff. ^ A verdict of £1,200 obtained by a boy against the Hobart Tramway C«y £oc injuries received through a car being set in motion while he was in the act of getting on. BRITISH AND FOREIGN. Severe forest fires in Canada. The vines in the Champagne district of France devastated by mildew ? a serious loss to growers. Balloon stations being built at several places on the western frontier hy the German Government;. A church service at the Manchester Cathedral stogped by the interrup tions of thousands of the unemployed. Immigrants to the number of 1,-J31 deported from Canada during the past six months for various reasons.; 4S6 others refused ad-oission. Aa attempt made by an anknovi n miscreant upon the lives of the Italian Premier and bis family ; a bomb thrown. The large Wesleyan Schools and the Church at Dunstable in Bedfordshire destroyed by fire ; damage estimated at £30,000. A Japanese pilgrim caravan, at tacked by Bedorrias near Jeddab, on the Red Sea; £25,000 in cash cap tured by the bandits. Silvio Rictei, who is believed to be the author of the attempt last month to kill the Sultan of Turkey, arrested at Constantinople. Another Wright success in aero planing in France ; an aeroplane flown for 62 minutes without stopping ; the distance covered being 33 miles. A riot created at Buda Pesth by a party of Hungarian Socialises during the progress of a -Eucharistic pro cession ; the police attacked ; forty * rests made. 'Resignation of the Danish Ministry in consequence of the frauds perpe trated upon the Zealand Peasant's Bank by M. Alberti, MiDister of Justice. A German, suspected of being a spy, arrested at Bowges, 144 mites south oi Paris, while attempting to purchase parts of guns from the Arsenel magazine. Necessitous children in Giasgow under five years of age being given free meals duly at tbe expense of the municipality ; the unemployed starting midnight marches into the w^thy suburbs. 