CABLES IN BRIEF. LONDON, Friday.— The Baptist Union Conference at Bradford to-day deplored the large increase iu unemployment in the United Kingdom, and urged the Government and municipal authorities to provide employment on an adequate scale. LONDON, Friday.— It is expected that next week there will be 300,ooo persons idle in con- sequence of the lock-out in the Lancashire cot- ton trade. LONDON, Friday.— When Parliament re- assembles the Government will devote 23 days to the discussion of the Licensing Bill in the House of Commons. There are 700 amendments on the paper, many of them being in the names of Liberal members. LONDON,. Fridny.-Xrhe Under-hiH-retary for tlio Colonies, ColoueK.Seely, speaking at Limpou) yi!stoi»Iay,',Raid uliat .11 any com- mimity requires to havo chrwp Asiatic labour then such labourers must, ham' tho rights of citizenship. . \ \ ... LONDON, Fridny. — Ernest Barry has rowed over the full course for the English sculling championship for which he is matched against George Towns, in 21 min 45 sec. Towns covered the course last week in 22min 25sec. The betting odds offered are in favour of Barry. LONDON, Saturday. — A special correspon- dent doscrihcs Uiudarabnd as "a black brave." He states that. 600! corpses wero removed from tlio slush oil .Thursday from ono spbt, . 100 cornses.being removed on Friday. ; \ ' ' Tlio correspoudenl computes tho . doqt h roll at 60,000 and tlio. damago. at £13,000000. LONDON, Saturday.— The 76 Indians ar- rested as prohibited immigrants at Komati Poort have been sentenced to each pay a fine of £25 or to undergo two months' imprison- ment. LONDON,' Friday. — Tho Danish Dairy Farmers' Association, in couscnucuco irty the heavy losses sustained through1- the ;fi|nuds by Iho Duninli ex-Minister, Alherti," lms\ r e- ciucn iu go imo iiquniaiiuu.- > . \ LONDON, Siiturilny. — A F,moj»o;m coieli- niint and a native groom linve been romoyed from the Khedive of Egypt's paliuo sufTcciiig from plague. - . ) ' LONDON. Saturday. — Tho United States battleship licet commanded by Kour'Adijniral Sporry has arrived at Manila. ' LONDON, .Saturday.— On being nskud) how far the "Heroes' of Pcaco Fund " applied to British seamen Mr. Carneglo »lms replied fliat tho does not think that it would ho jmu'liuuuli' Ut extend tlm operation- of Iho fund beyond tlie BHrifihIylnnds and. the waters thereof. LONDON, itonday, — A monument has been ereeted at Ndisscnvjllo lo ilio memory French soldiers killed in the war of 1870. ThBs- was unveiled on Saturday in tlm presence orj 65.000 eiHsctators. Repicsontatives of the French and German Governments- 'delivered', addresses.' . - V LONDON, Sunday.i-Tlie Uiider-Secietiuy for tho Colonios, Colonel Seely, sneaking n'l Liverpool yestorduy.saul-, that wo wero drawing vary near to a better systmn in tlio government K of the Empire. Ho predicted tho establish-J ment of a great ropncil cuss Die question of A/ 4 immigration. 1 ' IjONDON; Tuesday.— Germany .. intends to clollib her soldiora in war time in groy dis- carding all bright uniforniB u and flashing, ac- 1 coutromonts. y: . F-' ; 1 LONDON, Sundnyi-PA cohtcrcnco of the / 1'«; International Association dor Lahuiir Legiria- j Hon held :at; Lucerne has ud vised legislation 1 hn\ tho suppression of: sweating in connocuoii J i with'work done in homes; arid, has suggested F / r that the working of wages boards bo carefully | h watched. - . ' . -.r'/ ' V I LONDON. Sunday.— H.M.- cruiser Gladia- ' tor which lmd -bceii refloated; after lioing beached on tho Islo of AVight in coiiHCqnenco of damage sustaincd m ; collision, lias beon lowed'to ' Portsmquth,; V ...LONDON, "Monfldy:— 7.Mi?ui:ally,-;wHli a view . to mitigating" uncniployinant, aro or- (bring five cruisers to ho ixniBtructeiHlw pre vatc firms. . , ; L .. LONDON. Monduy.-Admirnl Sporrys , battleship fleet easily rode" through a .hurri. enno oil Manila in whiclrllia wind dilew, at V tlio ralo of 100 miles an hour, :and then .pro- v cceded to Cayitp for snfor anchorage. . .. - LONDON; ilonday.— Dr. Cook, an Hmori- can explorer; who traversed Greenland m Echruary in an .attempt . to .reach the North j'ole, was expected to return in. Juno-fast. v. No . tidings of him have ; been . received, anil h disaster b feared;.'. " LONDON, Mo'ndnyi— The conimitte.e.ot.the Amutenr Athletic Association, of tor consillui- ing a report by, the judgcB in tho 400 motrea raco at the Olympic Oaiiicsi.-liBS; permanently suspended, the .American-. competitor,'. Carpcn-/ '"rbarpenter was disqualified for holing,: the race lieing ordered to .be run over again. Tho American competitors declined'to .comply with'- this, and the raco was awarded, aftcr_l)0ing run over, to Halswelle,' a:Britishor.j . 