NOTES PROM LONDON. (From Our Special Representative). London, Dec. 20. Considerable advance appeals to have been, made in the way of secur ing fresh population from this side for the Commonwealth States dur ing the last twelve months. Mr. Rason, the Agent General for West ern Australia, reports that about 1100 approved emigrants have been sent out by him, and the amount of cash remitted on their behalf, which does not by any means repre sent their total capital, but is only some evidence of the possession of capital, lias been equal to over £115 for each male adult, the possession of £100 being obligatory. Every week letters, are received from new settlers in' praise of the country. Mr. W. H. Dolley, who has taken up Mr. E. T. Scammell's work in connection with the West Australian Emigration Department in London. and has a wide knowledge of Aus tralia, gained by 30 years' residence chiefly in the State he represents, says that excellent progress, is be ing made in the provinces in making the resources of Western Australia known. He gave a lantern lecture in Stepney the othei evening on 'The Land of the Black Swan.' There was a large audience, and useful results are confidently anti cipated. The proposal of the Ita lian Government to form an experi mental eoloeny of Italians on Crown land in Western Australia, is still the subject of negotiation, but an agreement is likely to be arrived at , shortly. Queensland has, as your readers know, decided to spend £70,000 on the promotion of immi gration, so we may expect to see the hoardings of London covered with vigorous advocacy of the advan 'tages of life in the Island Continent in the next few months. The Queensland scheme should prove at tractive owing to the low price at which emigrants will be conveyed, and the effect will be to place the State on an equality, in the fstima tton of those who wish to leave this country, with other colonies which. are nearer Groat Britain. The passage rate for assisted immigrants is &5\. and £50 has to be deposited ait. the Gov ernment office in London. ? The money is returned on arrival in i Queensland, with interest. For these ? passages only men capable of a-gri- i cultural work will be chosen 'Spe- j cial cheap ratps are provided for nominated immigrants ; for contract , immigrants employers are required j to pay a fee of £5 for the passage, j and to guarantee a year's employ- 1 ment at'waares approved by the phief Secretary. Provision is made on a substantial scale for free p.^s sa?'es to wives and children of emi grants in tho- assisted, nominated, or contract classes, and to female . domestic servants. A whole com- [ muvitv of Gprmnns. now living on i the banks of the EhiT?e, is to be sevA- j to Queensland shortlv.- Their leader. Pn,ctor NVvTho-imr'1rr, vh^s° -n.-a.Tnp fv? presbs a -similar exodus referred t--- in the Scriptures, has he^n anxious for i pom-° time past to find a country fnr ; his flock' with bett-p-r prospect' than . are offered in -Europe, and so he will ; soon load th^ -people in t-r iurnph I ??'out of captivity into the Promised Land.' ? ;In view of all these developments in: Australia's emigration policy, j considerable interest attaches to ? facts brought to light by Mr. W. R. ! Trotter, who has been sent over here by the .Canadian Trades and Lab our Congress, to make public the | condition of thousands of skilled but i unemployed men in the towns and I industrial centres of Canada. Mr. ! Trotter has been specially delegated to do everything in his pow^r _ to check immigration to the Dominion ; of tne workless in thi? countrv. In i a lecture to. a special meeting of the ; Labour party and the Parliamentary ' Committee of the Tradps Union Con- : 'grpss yecterday- Mr. Trotter said j the flooding of skilled labour to ; which they had for some time bwn j subjected in Canada, had') reached I alarmihs1 proportions. 'Not eve-r»_ the i employers, who have been the princi- 1 pal cn.iise of fh^ trouble could a^.y longer shu-- fhfir eves to the serio?u sta-t^- of affairs, and in t^e Canadian House of Commons a demand i= be ing put forward for more protection ; as. a remedy for the evil. With re- 1 ga.rd to -%taf!isti^, Mr. Trotter *£ai.s that ux- to June iuhe ©misrar tion to Canada reach-ed a total of 25,200, an incn.aee ' oX 62,974 co.n pared. with txie coriespon--.ing period of tue previous year. Tixia would be a very gratuyi-g fact i* the people had been for the ' most pai-t familiar with agriculouial pur suits. But side by side w^th this striking increase in the now of emi gration, the homes ^cad entries snow I a decrease of 10,401. This is proof j positive that the emigrants are go ing into the cities, where they are not wanted, and are keeping av/ay , from the country districts whicn could do with them all, if only they were of the right class. Mr. Trot ter laid stress on the fact that he ! Canadian manufacturers, by means of special emigration agents in London and other cities, arc con tinually enticing large numbers of skilled workpeople to Canada, not withstanding tho Uovernment's per sistent announcement that they are not wanted. All . the emigration, agencies in this countrv were accus ed by Mr. Trotter of participating in the work of sending out unsuit able emigrants. 'The Central Un employed Body for London4 tho East End Emigration Society, the Church Army, the Salvation Army, and the Rothschild Society,' ho said, /'arc all sending men out from the cities, but the worst offenders of all are the shipping conpanios working on commission.' Inter- ; viewed after tihe _ meeting, Mr. Trot ' ter gave several instances of men be ing shipped out for a definite des tination at a fixed salary, and ulti mately compelled either to take the work at a much lower figure, to the displacement of the better-paid workman, or to seek relief from destitution in any kind of unskilled work that might be offered them. The incongruitv of these thr gs happening under a protective tariff, . which tariff reformers here claim { would find. work for everyone, was; pointed out to Mr. Trotter, and ho ' replied, 'Yes, protection . is a beau- . tiful thing — for the manufacturers, j who alone benefit by it. They want - the tariff wall to reach to Heaven, ? and they care no more for the Brit ish trader than for anv other of their competitors. The troubles of i the workpeople are intensified by ^his extraordinary policy. And y©t the Government is actually being asked to raise the tariff so that the imports and exports shall more closely correspond.' There are, he assorted, 10.000 people out rf work j in Toronto alone, and soup k:tcheis I have been established to relieve the worst cases of distress. The Salva tion Army, too,- is making a s^ec^al j a.ppoa-1 for clothing and shelter for the unhappy immigrants. Somewhat simila-r objections are made in regard to the condition o^f - emigrants to Australia. 'Reynolds' newspaper published last Sunday a'' complaint on the subject from a cor- j respondent at Mosman, Port Doug las. The writer says he is one of a body of eighty men sent out by the Government ostensibly to take the place of Kanakas in the sugar in dustry, but really to fill the place of colonials at reduced pay. He de clares that he and his fellow emi prrants signed on in London as bona fide fami labourers, but have- been put to every kind of job in a mill amoner the machinery. While wages ; were promised at 25/ per' week, he says he only earned 27/6. durins- the I whole of last September, owine: to : the- scarcity of sugar cane ; and even \ this sum was stopped on pay day, as, although they were promised in | London that nothing should be de- I ducted for passage money, the com- j pany are deducting 50/ per month | for ihe first two months to recoup i themselves for the £5 they p^id to ward?, the men's passage money. 'We have a canvas stretcher for j bed,' says the disgusted writer, 'and - one blanket, for which 14/6 was ' stopped from wages. No lights, no ! basins or ony.ih.ing else for washing, j One man, with a wife and six chil- ; dren in England, has cut his throat, j and is in Port Douglas Hospital in ! a critical condition. Ano-ther has shot himself with a revolver, and another gone mad in the Ingham Hospital. We ask you to do all you can to stop men coming out here . .. Men desert, but being 800 miles in t'le bush, are caught by the mounted police and fined £20 or three months.' Befo-.ro Parliament meets next montli, some startling developments may bo looked for in the position of the Labour party in the House of Commons.- At present it consists of 31 members. Lesi-Uies tL.se there arc 23 Trade Union members — and Mr. Victor Grayson (socialist). When momib&rs; take their seats on Jahu- j ary 29 next, thev mav find the bulk I of those 23 Trade Union members eating and voting with the Labour party on the opposition benches.^ ! Last year the Miners' .Federation 'of Great Britain took a ballot as to ? whether or not they should merge their own Parliaanenta-rv represen- ' tation scheme into that of the La- ? bour party. There was a heavy vote, and the figures came out: — Against, 101,714 ; for, 92,222 ; majority against 9492. Since then many things have happened. At the con gress of the Miners' Federation held in October last, it wa^ decided to ballot the members again on the question of joining the Labour party. And this time the vote will be taken with miners' leaders ^rather favourable than hostile to &uch; a course. It is said that the position has been brought about by the treat ment which the Trade Union meni- ' bors have received, both .at the hands of tho Liberal whips and the t Speaker. When the-' Lab bur mea- ; sures, such as the Trades Disputes j Bill, the Workmen's Compensation j Act, and the Miners7 Eight Ho-u&s; ; Bill have bean before 'tho House the i Tradia Union members complain that they have been ignored, while at the j same time the utmost deference has been paid to the views and : wishes of the Labour party, j Again, it is said that tins Speaker has regarded tihe Trade Unionist members as part and parcel of the Liberal party, when ' calling upon members to speak, and that members of the Labour party, who have ''caught his eye' have the prefer ence over them, when! the turn has come for a Labour member to speak. Therefore, it is quite prob able that the Miners' Federation will, bv their present bnllot. decide to throw iu their lot with the La bour party. Such a decision would be even more important at the pre sent time, seeing that the Northum berland and Durham ? miners nav-e now joined the Minors' Federation of Great Britain. Northumber land decided this bv a ballot v^ote some time ago, and has already paid its first subscription. , Durham ./as ' balloted for a few weeks aco, and there is a nvnorit^ of ''R.ono f-r joining the federation. Both these counties will take pa-rt in the l°t?.st ballot, and it is ouite on th^ cards that they will p;o for independence in Parliamentary representation. Efforts are being made' to Vet ♦?he ballot of the Miners' Federafc-on thi-oue-h before Parliament me^ts. The first consirrrm^nts of eggs frorn Australia are beginnm? to arrive in London. Several thousand dozens of ege-s have just been received .it the office of the Agent General fnr South Australia, none the worse for their long journey of 13,000 miles. Experts pronounce them to be good in every way and for all uees, and state that they are far superior to any of the Continental eggs, being larger, cleaner, and better for eat ing purposes than French, Danish or the Kussian import. Major Norton, the commercial representative of the South Australian Government, says that before long millions of these eggs will be sent to ; Great Britain annually. 'The Secret of our suc cess.' he added, 'is that all the eggs sent over are infertile, and, weheras fertile eggs go bad, these, although they may shrink a little, never go rotten. They are collected mostly in the neighbourhood of Adelaide, are graded, packed and chilled, but not frozen. They will keep for ever. Sales have been effected at prices allowing of 12 per long hundred to the producer, and this is quite sans factorv. A great point about the 6upplv is that in winter when egrers are so dear in London, the Au&tralian; product can be sent over in any quantities and sold at half the prices of home new-laid eggs. And they are quite as good.' \- ! Lady Wittenoom (West Australia) a few evenings ago entertained Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Darlot (West Aus- j tralia) at dinner. i Lady Doughty (formerly a. well- ' known lady journalist of Melbourne, Miss E. Stone), celebrated lier first Christmas in England by giving the children ,on her husband's estate in Lincolnshire, to the number of 250, ( a Santa Claus party in the Walbham j schoolroom. I 