General Botes, Whenever the New South Wales Government endeavours to introduce legislation affecting shipping it gener ally brings forward some measures that are particularly harsh. Whether this is due to our legislators having little or no knowledge of shipping cannot be said, but from a casual glance at some of the numerous bills, particularly the Amende* Fire Brisrade Bill, it seems that such is the case. This bill, which is now being consider ed, and was the subject discussed by a deputation which waited on the Chief Secretary last week, proves no excep tion to the general rule, and cannot possibly meet with the approval of any sane person when the numerous stipu lations and provisions are fully con sidered. In the present state, if a fire breaks out on board a ship in harbour, the brigade officials, under the Amend ed Bill, are to be allowed to take ab solute charge while the officers are simply to stand by and look on. Thin means that the vessel would be over run by a lot of men who, while they would undoubtedly be trying to do their best in order to subdue the out break, would do more harm than good, and possibly more damage than if the fire was allowed to burn out. When a fire breaks out on a vessel at sea her officers have to handle 'the matter without outside assistance, and when statistics dealing with cases where a fire has occurred and been extinguish ed before the vessel reaches port are considered, it will be at once apparent that the present day officers are quite competent to manage without aid, for in nearly 99 out of every 100 cases, the outbreak is extinguished with little damage to the ship and cargo, so ef fective are the measures adopted. Another clause in this bill which ia harsh is Sub-section G, which gives the brigade power to demand and re ceive charges and expenses on an ex tensive scale. ' Mr. Wesche, when h# dealt with this at the deputation, pointed out that the provision was that the maximum charge was to be one fifth of the value of the vessel. This was out of all reason when it was re membered that the cost of some ves sels was about £400,000. These' charges appear, however, not to be based on the value of the vessel saved, but on the amount of service rendered. Other clauses equally as drastic are also contained in the bill. If the authorities are desirous of taking a hand in a fire that occurs on board ship, we think that the duty should fall on the Harbour Trust Commissioners, who receive heavy dues from the com panies now, and not , on a body that are particularly well qualified to take charge of a fire on land, but would be altogether out of its element on board ship in similar circumstances. Ol course if the companies desired to ob tain the assistance of the brigade, they should certainly -pay for it, at the same rate as is charged on land, and we have no hesitation in stating that^they would do so, but not at the extortion ate rate now asked 'for under the new bill. However, the deputation which brought the . matter before the ? Chief Secretary stated the case in such a clear and comprehensive manner that it is more tjian probable that Mr. Wood was impressed, and will ult imately use his power to moderate the clauses somewhat. Circular Quay looked well last Sat urday owing to the many fine upto date liners lying- there, either loading or discharging car-'0. At the P. and O. Wharf the Company's Moldavia was berthed, while just behind her the latest addition to the Union Com pany's fleet, the Makura, was lying. The Japanese mail liner Kumano Maru was at the end wharf, while just op posite another well-known Eastern trader, the E. and A. Company's Em pire, was berthed. Further along tvo representatives of the N.D.L. fleet were found, i.e., the large passenger carrier Bremen, and the cargo liner Thurlngen. Some smaller vessels were at Flood'a wharf, as well as other parts of the Quay, and summed up the sight was one of the finest scenes there for many months past. As was generally expected, the Premier of Queensland supplied some additional particulars concerning the new Torres Straits mail service in Parliament last week. The agree ment specifies that the vessels on gaged in the service must be known as the Queensland Line, and that every month a steamer will leave London for Queensland, via Suez, and calling at Thursday Island, Cairns, Townsville and Port Aima. The return voyage shall be made via Cape Leeuwin and ' Good Hope. The steamers shall be of not less than 5500 tons gross register, and not less than 7500 in burden, and be fitted with refrigerating machinery and with insulated space capable of carrying not. less than 1500 tone of frozen produce. They shall, as re gards steamers sailing from London in or after January, 1909, be fitted on tho outward voyage for the conveyance of not less than 200 emigrants in accord ance with the regulations of the Board of Trade for the time being in force and unmarried women shall be under the care of a matron who will be pro vided by the Government. The stea mers shall be of such power and speed as to be /capable of making the voyage from London to Thursday Island in 45 days, a penalty of £250 being imposed for every 24 hours' delay. Arrange ments have been made for the convey-, ance of immigrants, and also that any dispute that might arise between the parties concerned shall be settled in London by two arbitrators. The agreement can be terminated by either side at six months' notice, .but no such notice shall be given by the Govern ment before June '30, 1911, or by the company before June 30, 1912. Fuller details were also given, and all point that the Queensland Government should be well pleased with the new contract, which will undoubtedly as sist in developing the State more. Unfortunately there is a likelihood of some delay in the carrying out of the wharfage accommodation in Port Phil lip. The matter was referred to at the last meeting of the Harbour Trust, and it was then urged that the work should be done. This did not meet with the approval of one of the Com missioners, who supplied some statist ics showing a falling off in the trade of the port, and stated that the con struction should be postponed. Sever al speakers replied, and it was subsequently decided to postpone the consideration of the extension of the wharfage until a later meeting. Vessels that have visited Victoria during the past seven days have re ceived good substantial support, and the consequence is that the amount of cargo sent forward attains a good total. Wool skins and flour, as well as some parcels of wheat, were the principal items on the manifests, but there was a fair quantity of other mer chandise offering also. Among the departure were the Ortona, Port Hunt er, Hostilius. Wilcannia and Toko maru, and the agents got the whole fleet away in accordance with time table date. There has also been some fair shipments despatched from Gee long, and visiting tonnage, which has not been large for some time past, is now being added to 'daily owing to the brighter outlook. A feature of the list of charters ar ranged since our last issue, is the num ber of large four-masted barques that hav ebeen secured to load at Austra lian ports. The largest of the fleet is the German training vessel Her zogin Sophie 27S6 tons register, which is to load wheat at South Australia for the U.K. or Continent, and the next is another training ship the Viking, 2541' tons, which is under the Danish flag, and in company with the Madagascar, a vessel of 1996 tons, has been secured to carry coke to Port Pirie. The third and fourth largest of the fleet is the Geertruida Gerarda and Gabriele, 2404 and 2391 tons register respectively. The former is to load baltic'at Frederickstadt for Melbourne, and the latter will come to Newcastle from Genoa to' load coal for South America. Another fine vessel that is included is the Omega, which, like the Gabriele, will load coal at Newcastle. She is 2360 tons register, and is under the German flag. Numerous other fix tures were also announced, but. gener ally speaking the state of the business can be classed as dull. It is hoped that the badly needed im provement are being carried on at Port Pirie with all possible haste, for if such proves not to be the case, there is every probability of further increase in the number of strandings, delays through lack of accommodation, and etc., when the busy season is in full swing. Up to the present no less than fifteen large vessels have been added to the list of expected arrivals, and. as the majority of them will turn up about the same time, it is certain some trouble will occur if the outport is left in ' the condition it was in last year. We have frequently ..pointed out this fact ^o the authorities, urging expedi tion in connection with the works, but. from .latest accounts there seems to be a possibility of the old trouble oc curring again, as the warning was not given heed to. 