Ql'IPS AS!) SHAFTS The Budget Spetcit- 1s 'to - he delivered lu the Assemoly tals. week. ' The Paiace of tlio ' Capulets Is ' rid more. Fire ims levelled It .to the. ground, One family of immigrants on the Kent, Jor New Zealand, nil moors 13,. "All hands were - saved, .including fouc hags -of malls," states a contemporary. A. large cargo of .egg 9, numbering 500 cases, arrived i'roni .tbe:. riorib coast . rivers to-day. ... The Americans were- too good Cor, the Brit-' lshers in the pretbuiruu-y contests for the Davis Cup. "I want's no security, ". cried a defendant' at the Water Police -Coilrt'- to-day. But tha police did, " " . (HotO tho Aeon was lo?t on Christmas Island will remain a- mystery until her ofli- cers arrive. It blew so hard on' the harbor to-day that more than, one window, on the ferry boats were broken. . , . y . A. P". Wilding, the. ex-New Zealander, has carried off the South o£ England tennis clMtmplonshlp. - Gaptaln Downle, of . the' Aeon, cables- tiii:- Jt 'will be Impossible to get the -vessel off' iChristmaa Island, ; , The Treasurer expects .to speak - about (three hours in the delivery of the Budget (Statement. ... Twenty-five guineas '.per cent, lxad beert paid to re-Insure the- Aeon when the Inst mall left London. The pavilion in the Domain erected - for Ithe .reception of Admiral Sperry Is now.- toeing pulled down. .. " Premier Wade says that. he. has no 0.0:11- <ment to make on Sir: Wllliarn Isj-ne's crittl" clsm of his speech'.;-:, ,, Morocco Is evidently regarded as less of ti menace than It was a month ago. French troops are gradually 'withdrawing. ', .Five stowaways, .all Britishers, rccretal -themselves on the Kent sit London, and' all were allowed to work their passages out. "Were you drunh?" a defendant at . tlie (Central Police Court was asked tins morn ing. '1 was Intoxicated," he admitted. "I hadn't had a drink that day." said . \ r. (defendant at the Water Police Court tori' day. "None?" asked the solicitor, "One." At the Sydney goods station produce auc tion soles to-day all commodities ' Were ' well represented, but they ' met Vvlth poor, demand. , ( A quiet day was experienced by brokers on the Sidney Stud: Exchange -to-riloy,. only a meagre amount of business being transacted. Mr. M'Oowen, leader .of the New- South,. Wales Labor Party, is gratified with the (success attending the construction "b£ locb- . motives at Sveteigb. .. A man was fined 'Gs it the Central Pbltoa (Court tills morning for standing On - tha : tramway Hue, conversing with the driver,' land stopping the traffic. That ex-Danish Minister for Justice,' of whose little peculations ,\ve have been hear- eve so much, must have mode. tlie pace pretty hot while the game lasted. Burglars- -have taken Mark Twain down for all his silver plate. , One of the robbtu-3,' Ihowever. tell to the bullet of a pursuing- policeman and- was .captured. Burglars, with no sense of humor, operat ed successfully ut Mark Twatn's home. Somo silver plate was stolen. One Of thto bufgla-i'J was captured by the police. -. "You're a very quiet man, aren't you?"' murmured a sarcastic solicitor at tire Water' (Police Court this morning. "Yes, I am— till (I've had a row," said' witness. ' "Tho only previous matter that Is against Zny client," said a -solicitor at' the Water Police Court this morning. "Is the mlsap-' proprlatlon of somo bananas," "You must have had' a glorlous 'mbnth,'' Bald a solicitor at the Water Police Court (this morning, ns -he"read.. a record, "Never, you- mind," retorted 'defendant, "But what's that grit to do with the ease?"-- 'indignantty . demanded . a defendant at- the Water Police Court.' this- morning, as his record was put in 'agolnet him. Huge flames from blazing boxes of rubbish' wero licking the woo'den- doors of a Clarence- street warehouse when .'the - Ike brigade ar- rived to-day. it was. a timely, save.- There wore AG starters at RosshlU on Saturday, 40 of whom owe' 'parentage to- English sires and 20. to colonial sires. - The home-bepd Is fast being crowded out by £' botter- elass. 1 ' - ... ." "'Fighting with a ' bliie- jacket. .. rifle , was ' drunk," was the explanation which a eon-' (stable at the Water Police Court, this morn ing, gave of two black eyes which adorned (a defendant. . . ' "Law courts have; got nothing to, 'do .Willi; icommonsense and fact,", soict Mr. White', In rebuking a witness this afternoon. , "That Is a nice thing to say,", Interposed Mr. Jus tice Simpson. Many business men .are now busy caw vosslng for names on the nj ouster petition- which It is proposed" to' present to the State Government in favor of . a universal .Saturday half-holiday. . "You. are discharged," sold Mr.. . Klnjr, ID.SjM., t'l thank your Worship exceeding, , iy," sand the -defendant, .and I'd Ukei,to ad (dress, two words to you." "That-wlU- do,"; said a constable. And ' It did, . ' — . 1... All the assisting artists in the, Ada- Cross ley Concert Company/are young men. Leon Spmetinl. the Dutch .violinist with' the. Italian name. Is only 22. -Sometlnl studied under Sevcik with .Marie Hall- at Prague. . "It's no good to me," -said a generfltis gen tlcman, as he offered- a. ring us gold for sale to a number of persons _ln a bar. A'-test a: the Water Police Cojtrt to-day proyed t It was not any good to Anybody else; " . ri The water police 'who were tb- daj' drag glng nbout the mouth.of .Taylor Bay: for the body of Daniel Flaherty -'had a routth. time In .the strong>' squalls/ Their boat uwas ua« sheltered from the wind or rain. The Chief Justice was' on his dignity this morning. . -A man . 'came Into the (Banco Court with his head covered., said tbc Chief. (Justice, sternly, "Tako- oft your hat; . You- know that you are In':a.Cburt of Justice." 'tHave you any qtiestibns?" :a- defetidan# was asked at the Water'.Pollce Court this . morning. "I has,". he- replied; atjd-, often the planner of witnesses made'- a -statement hasn't any questlohs," , he Isald. wheni the Court suoceeded ; In /fulling hint up.' "When the sergeant' at the Water Pollco Court shouts '"Silence, "Hhe ordhr.lh 'riot al ways obeyed. "(Make "a' little morel, nolsd. with that door," be suggested . this ..morn . Ing, as an official struggled; with ri'..'bang«. Ing door. And the door. -.was phut. on': the In , stonU . i-;. Satnrday's races atHosehlii" dlff .not. sheS much light on the Epeom Handicap and Metropolitan. The Sprliig.StakeA, .ulhich coif-. talned a number of- highly-fancied 'hortes Iff those races,- should, however; discredit, the prospects of several of the fancied: ones foi the Epsom Handicap. , - ' The following appeared lni ourlate editions of yesterday. \ ' " - 