CABLEGRAMS ? « ? .. ., ? BRITISH ANO FOREIGN, : ('Hermld' Special Servioe.) REVOLUTIONARIES OF TABRIZ. London, Monday Afternoon. — The revolutionaries of Tabris, Persia, have expressed themselves as willing to dis arm and surrended to the Nationalist leaders for trial, if the Shall will ie ostablish the Constitution upon recog nised European lines! RANDOLPH HEARST'S BOMB. Mr Randolph Hearst, the owner of several influential American news papers, accuses both the Republican and Democratic parties of the United States with being the servile tools of criminal trusts. The revelations Mr Hearst has made have apparently ruined Senator Foraker'a career. Mr Bryan's rousing speeches are strengthening bis chances for tho Presidency. (Mr Hearst publicly read letters from Mr Arclibold, of the Standard Oil Com pany, indicating that Senators Fora kcr and Siblcy, while iu public office, had financial and other relations with the Trust*. TERRIBLE HAPPENING IN PORTUGAL. BULLS STAMPEDE: KILL SEVEN. Neuter's Lisbon correspondent states that someone opened the gates ot tho bull's enclosure at the arena at Touta, irtugal, and as a result twenty-two buls were released. In the .subsequent stampede of the animals seven persons M-ere killed and forty injured. Tlio soldiers, who were brought upon tho seene to protect the public, Bliot ten of the escaped bulls. frfE NEWCASTLE ELECTION. U.I.L. SUPPORTS UNIONISTS. The decision of tho United Irish League leaders and the priests to vote for Unionist candidates has greatly improved the chances of Mr Goo. Rfiii wick, of Fisher, Rcnwick and Co., ship builders, for Newcastle. Tho reason assigned for the unlooked for support of Unionist candidates from the quar ter in question is the recent prohibi tion of the procession in connection with the Eucharistic Congress by the Prime Minister, Mr Asquith, and the Liberal attacks made on the Catholic School system. The Countess of Warwick is support ing tho candidature of Mr Hartly, the Socialist candidate for the seat. Mr Shortt, the Radical candidate, bitterly complains of the candidature of the latter, and points out that labor already holds a seat iu the Newcastle electorate. THE ALBEUTI DEFALCATIONS. Tlie Copenhagen 'Polikrn' istatea that the committee of the Dairy Far mers' Association reports that Wilier and Riley's indebtedness to the Associ ation, through the frauds of M. Al borti, the ox- Minister, who misapprop riated the funds of the Zealand Pea sants Savings Bank, amounts to one million kronheimef. Mr Wilier, jrli' is tho managing director of tho arm! has issued a statement that there »-)) be no interruption iu business, m'.l that arrangements will shortly be com pleted for obtaining Danish butter us hitherto. AEROPLANE KECORD. # London, Tuesday. — Wilbur W»ii*t, in another trip in his aeroplane at Le Mans, France, flew sixty-six kilometres (six hundred metres) in 6,485 seoends These are records for distance and time. The motor of Wilbur Wright's aero plane worked without a hitch. The machine rose in the air to a height of over 100ft, and when it descended gre it crowds of people, who viewed the flight cheered frantically. The American . Ambassador at Paris in congratulating Mr Wilbur Wright, bis fellow-countryman, remarked 'America may well be proud of you. ' NORTH-EAST COAST ENGINEERS' DISPUTE. ACCEPTANCE OF WAGS SEDUC TION. The North-East Coast; engineers' lat est ballot accepts the provisional terms of settlement of their difficulty offered after n seven months' struggle, Involv ing a Iobe in wages of half a million sterling. The strike pay disbursed in tho period amounted to £240,000. (The engineers and allied trades struck in resistance of a wage reduc tion, involving in instances as little as sixpence a week.) SOMALI MULLAH ACTIVE. KILLS' WOMEN ^ND CHILDREN. The Somali Mullah has attacked tribes friendly to the British, killing many women and children. A British force afterwards defeated the Mullah with heavy lose. DEATH OF SAIMSATE. The death is announced of His Ex cellency Pablo Martin Meletou do Sara sate, the grc '. Spanish violinist, at Biarritz, France, from internal hemorr hage. The end came very suddenly. (Sarasate, as be was briefly called all over the world, was born on March 10, 1844. At 13 ^rears «f age he enter ed the Paris Conservatoire, where ms progress, owing to his extraordinary musical genius, was very rapid. Ho has played in Bvery continent, save Australia. During his artistio oarew ho received honors and decorations from many countries, one conferred on him by tho Quoen Ret»ent of Spain carrying tho title of -Excellency. He was ako ati officer of tYio. Legion d Honneur, and honorary professor rf many Conservatoires of Mubic. He was regarded by some criticB as beine the greatest violinist tho world nas known.) A REBEL'S ACTIVITY. A teloqram from Great Kindhook, Genmii South-West Africa, states that the rebel, Simon Copper, is again on the wnrpath in the eastern part, of the German protectorate, close to territory ocpupletf by whites. (A serious rising broke out in Janu ary, 1904, and Rave ereat trouble. Jt took three years to suppress.) UNEMPLOYED DEMONSTRATION. The Socialists art', organising a fle mai\Btra.tfon of from ton to twencv thousand unemployed, to be hold 'n Trafalgar Square on OctoberlO. NEW STEAMERS. '?TamnB Onrdiuor and Company hue ordered, to be built on1 the Clydey-tnr-»e 7, (Kill Von MiramtM-H for service in Urn' Austrian, Aiistrali.in, mul A morn in trades. SPECIAL BRITISH SQUADRON. PROBABLE VI8IT TO AUSTRALIA. The 'IU11.MM1 Oawttc' nays that it is expected » special squadron of no dern British ships will visit' Australia next year: ? . : COTTON SPINNERS LOCKOUT. POSSIBILITY OFTQNG STJJPGGLE Wlnln the trades unionists f ly&nsR-; Hhiro would ? welcome tho intervsa'lon of the Board of Trade to. bring about - settlement of the present lock-oat in '.?'?:?? ? - ?'?' ??? ..**&' the cotton-si-inuing trade, most of the big spinning concerns aro glad of tie opportunity of closing their 'nilU in order to reduce their stocks. Tho ic lations between the operative (pinners and the Card-room Employees Amalga mation are strained, owing to lli.s ua dincss of the spinners to yield to the proposed reduction of 5 per i-cnt. id their wages, proposed by tlio r.i'II owncrs, and recently accepted by the spinners, but rejected by the card room employees. If the General Fede ration of Trade Unions, Which is al ready furnishing five-eights of the card and blowing-room hands with strike pay, agroc to help the; spinners, the prospects of a protracted strike Bill be alarming. NARROW ESCAPE OF MISS ' ' ASQUITH. FAINTS ON CLIFF EDGE. Miss Violet Asquith, daughter of tbo Prime Minister, was returning homo lastcvening from a visit to tho cliffs at Slain Castle, Hcrdccnshire, Scotland, | when she dropped a book which she had been reading. In the act of re covering it, weakness overcame her, and she fainted through fatigue. Much alarm was felt owing to her nonap pearance at darkness, and a search party was immediately organised. After some hours' search, some of those assisting in the search found Miss As quitb lying still in an unconscious con dition near the edge of the cliff. She is now recovering. THE WILY CHINAMAN. DEFRAUDS CANADIAN GOVERN MENT. The Canadian Government has dis covered that an extensive system of fraud has been practised by Chinese immigrants, who contrived to obtain exemption from the head-tax by means of fraudulent certificates, setting them forth »b merchants. In this way die Government has been defrauded out cf ?30,000. PARIS TELEPHONE EXCHANGE FIRE. ENORMOUS INCONVENIENCES. 'Hie destruction of the Paris Tele phone Exchange by fire, as reported' yesterday, has occasioned enormous in convenience to city subscribers and to ? all France. The latest American cen battery system bad just been in stalled at the Exchange1 at great cost. It ie believed that, owing to defective insulation, a short circuit occurred, causing the inflammable covering sur rounding the wires to ignite. Fortu nately, only 200 women operator^ were on duty when the Ire broke out, in stead of the usual number of 600. All managed to effect their esoape, though the fire spread with extraordinary ra pidity, quickly demolishing the grand building, and doing damage, as record yesterday, to the extent tf ablfOUUiUUUt aBUMasMMMMik^HH 