SUMMARY. It is stated tliat the petition to tlic King protesting against the proposed pro cession ot i lie blessed sacrament, is being considered by Ilis Majesty. (Page 6.) The "limes" deprecates the mistake committed by the promoters of (lie pro cession of the blessed sacrament. (Page 6.) Several speakers at the Trade Union Congress warned thu British Government that there was danger of violence on the part; of the unemployed during the coming winter. (Page (I.) The Trade Union Congress has passed a resolution demanding drastic legislation dealing with the unemployed question. (Page 6.) The Trade Union Congress has passed a resolution demanding larger grants for public works, with the idea of giving work to the unemployed. (Page B.) The Trades Union Congress has rejected a proposal in favour of arbitration in trade disputes. (Page 6.) The joint conference iu regard to the Lancashire cotton dispute failed to arrive al a settlement, and another conference is being arranged. (Page (I.) The new battleship St. Vincent has been | launched. (Page li.) I The battleship Minns Geraes, built for i Brazil, has been launched, (Page (i.) Ernest Barry and George Towns have made the final deposit (or the race for the English sculling championship. ('Page. 6.) The "Westminster Gazette" says the success or the white Australia policy de pends upon whether sufficient, numbers oi ' immigrants can be attracted to justify the exclusion of non-whites. (Page 6.) The "Westminster Gazette" says that the South Australian redemption loan looks reasonably cheap as a lock-up in vestment. (Page G.) Frank Wootton, the Australian jockey, iodn (our winners at the Doneaster races. (Page II.) The. "Times" suggests that the cruiser squadron which is visiting Cape. Colony should proceed to Australia. (Page 6.) Alashar Dut.t, a Bengali, lias bccii sen tenced to death for the murder or Gos sain, who was shot in a gaol hospital. (Page 6.) Tho Light Wine Licenses Bill in Cape Colony, lias passed the second reading. (Page"' 6.) It is reported that 1,031 immigrants have been refused admission into Can ada- ( Page (I.) . Devastating forest fitcs and blazing in Canada. (Page II.) President Roosevelt, in his campaign against trade corporation, has; met Willi a' sharp reverse at the hands of Hie Fed eral Circuit Court of Pennsylvania. /PnirA 15. \ The German military manoeuvres have been closed. (Page. (I.) The Germans are building war balloon stations on Hie western frontier. (Page b.) At the conclusion of Hie German mil i- larv manoeuvres, the Emperor William directed a spectacular ballet, the dresses in which he had himself designed. 'Hauc II.) . , It is stated that tlie defalcations of M. Alherti (Danish Minister of Justice), who was arrested on his own confession, amount to £1,009,000. (Pace (I.) Count Tolstoy's eightieth birthday was celebrated on Thursday. (Page II.) Cholera is raging in fc>t. iPctcrslmrg. (Pa 91 (I.) The Marquis Kalsura, Acting Premier or Japan, states that Japan's policy of economy would place the world's Uopo of peace upon a surer foundation. (Page 6.) The champagne vineyards in France have been devastated bv mildew. (Page (I.) The casualties suffered bv the Berber tribesmen in a recent battle with tlic French, are said to lolal 2,000. (Page II.) Silvio Ricci, who was believed to lie the author of the attempt on tlie life, of the Sultan or Turkey, has now been released. (Page II.) The immunity extended to Panitza, I, lie Macedonian murderer, is causing anxiety to (lie. friends of Turkey. (Page (I.) At the German military manoeuvres, tlie Emperor William commanded alter nately tlie reds' and Mu: fillies, and "his side always won." (Page (i.V A miniature riiie range- was opened at the Valley hoys' Stale school yesterday. (I'age 3.) , . The Frnckclton case was continued in the Supreme Court yesterday. (I'age 5.) Tho display made bv John Ilicks Limi ted, at the recent Brisbane show, lias brought inquiries from all parts ot the State, and the factory lias now in hand orders for supplying furniture similar io that which was so much admired by the thousands who visited the Exhibition. Our readers should order now. froir.Jnlm tlicks Limited. George street. Estab lished over 49 years. 