Crumbs. The grave-diggers at Sfc. Petersburg, were cholera is rife, are on strike. . , , . South Australia has sold 6, OOOtonaof wheat ,_ to London at 38/9 per quarter — October shipment. Taylor won the quarter mile race at Shoreditch Baths in 5min. 27 3-5 sees., the time Demg a recora. Mr. Deakin says an assurance has been given that the visit of the British fleet would he heartily welcomed. In reply to the Labour party, Mr. Deakin . promised to take steps to stop the influx of Asiatics from pearling vessels. For forcing an elephant to descend a water chute at the Franco-British Exhibition, Ha genback's manager has been fined. Actions to test the validity of the Surplus Revenue Act have been commenced against - the commonwealth by three states. The ' Pall Mall Gazette' says it ia ex pected that a special service squadron of modern British ships will visit Australia next year. ' . The destruction of the Paris Telephone Ex change occasioned enormous inconvenience to the city subscribers, and, in fact, to all France. According to a German newspaper, during the nextfiye. years Germany will be compelled to meet a deficit of from £100,000,000 to £112,500,000. ? Mr. Froggatt, Government Entomologist, considers that the grasshopper plague can be effectively coped with if promptly taken in the early stage. » The Irish and Catholic voters in Newca»tle on-Tyne are said to have deoided to vote for the Conservative candidate afc the approach ing by-election. Messrs. James Gardiner and Co. have ordered from Clyde Yards. .three 7,000-ton steamers for servicein the Ea»tern, Australian, and American trade. . ' '' — ??? The Oddfellows* conference in Brisbane has recorded its gratification at the encourage ment given to frienj|jy societies by locpBlation in New South Wales. Many public bodies in Ireland have pro tested against the prohibition of the street procession during the Eucharistio Congmsa as an insult to Catholics. The St. Petersburg correspondent of the ' Times' contrasts the permanently ludicrous sanitary arrangements at St. Petersburg with the splendidly equipped hospitals. Recent rains upon the highlands haTe caused1 a strong fresh in the Murrnmbidgee, which has necessitated a number of men em ployed at Barren Jack standing-off . xivu uuuureu aaimrera uauu jaiewtm to Johnson, the colored ? pugilist, at Charing . Cross. Johnson said he was confident that he could settle Burns in twelve rounds. The federal revenue from customs and excise is steadily increasing. Last weets revenue was £9,218 in excess of the amount for the corresponding week of last September. 'Immigration and defence are indispen sable — absolutely indispensable — accompani ments of a White Australia policy.' — Mr. W. H. Irvine in the House of Representa tives. . ... . A telegram from Windhoek, Gorman South- West Africa, states .that the rebel, Simon Copper, a native ohieftain, is again on the warpath. The eastern part of the . pro tectorate is closed to whites. Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Slattery left London for Ireland on August 20. The ' Daily Tele graph,' London, states that they intend sail ing by the s.s. Medic from Liverpool for Sydney, where Mr. Slattery purposes entering into business. About one-third of the . population . of Oldham are out of work owing to the stoppage of the cotton mills. Employers owning 2,250,000 spindles, and not belonging to - the federation, have resolved *° adopt the em-' ployers'jpolicy. ? ' Mr. Lee told a deputation hundreds of places in the states could never be supplied with standard-gauge railways. Shortly Parliament would be asked to express ^'an opinion upon a proposed departure from tHe standard for difficult country. A proposal was made to Sir Thomas Bent that the Salvation Army should send- out -to Victoria farm laborers and special factory hands. The Victorian Premier replied that if all the states were willing to join in such a movement, he would co-operate. \ . ''-..'? H.M.S. Prometheu3 arrived on Tuesday morning from the New Hebrides, after a boisterous passage. A terrific gale was fallen in with shortly after the vessel left Noumea, during which the anchors were carried away. Apart from this the vessel escaped damage. A Syrian named Michael,, a passenger on. the steamer Cordillera from Santos, has bean, arrested and landed at Rio de Janeiro ,fcr' trying to throw overboard a trunk containing^ his employer's Body. He confessed to the; murder in complicity with his employer's,, wife. ? .-...-- .% Mr. Alfred Lohmann, who has returned to; Sydney after an absence of seven years, says; there is a splendid market for Australian pro-: ducts in Germany^ If ^Germany were to; take up Australia's preference to the mother-: land in a hostile spirit, Australia would be the loser. The Canadian Government has discovered an extensive system of fraud practised by : Chinese immigrants who obtained exemption-, from the head tax. By obtaining fraudulent' certificates as merchants, the Chinese im migrants defrauded the Canadian Govern-/ menfc of £30,000. At Le -Mans (France) on Monday, Mr;; Wilber Wright's aeroplane flew 41 \ miles in.: lh. 31min. 25sec— records for distance and time. ' America may well be proud of youl' remarked the American Ambassador as Mr. Wright safely decended, amid the frantic .' cheers of a crowd. ?? ??' T Professor Carslaw on Monday replied to*; the criticisms of the University soheine. of.' secondary education uttered by Mr, Board,/ He said that so far as the state schools were; ? concerned there was no need for a counoil;.-: but there was need for expansion: of thsir - system. He advocated the creation of more high schools— rear high sohools — in' which' secondary education was carried oh. ?'. '; : ' M. Alberti, the Danish ex-Minister for Justice, embezzled £605,000 from -the Peasants Savings Banks, by- mentis of for geries. The Dairy Farmers' Association's losses amount to £225,000-.- The 'Daily Mail' -states that Messrs. Wilier. and RileyV losses represent the minor portion of the latter . amount and apparently are recoverable from' the association, who can recover from the farmers. The friends of Miss Ella Gaspers will re- __. gret to learn that she has undergone an ? operation for appendicitis. Her brother, Mr. , W. J. Caspers, received word on Monday that the operation had been successful and she waB progressing favourably. The coa--, tralto was at Graf ton with a concert company r and will have to abandon further engage ments, which included a tour of Queensland, for some time. . ? ' ' - - Mr. Lowther, the drover who was fined at ? the police court on Tuesday for- not destroy ing the oarcases of sheep within the stipulated 12 hours, says the Coonamble ' Independent,' had a bad time of it with the flock he had charge of. The she«p belonged to Mr. Thompson, of Cootamundra, and were seat ' here some months ago for grass. They were r shorn in the district, but a number died after the shearing, and 800 were lost out of a mob1 of 4,000. Then the cold snap that came a fort night ago caught the sheep when they were coming along by Nebea, and 800 were lost in one night. The balance (2,400) were sold in Coonamble this week. '' Mr. M. A. McFarlane, Tobacconist, Mary borough Vic, writes : 'My boy had been s troubled with bronohitis for some time, and though I had expert opinion and their pre scriptions he still seemed to be getting worse. I was really afraid that he was developing consumption. At length I concluded to give Chamberlain'B Cough Remedy a trial, and' can truthfully say the result was wonderful. From tho very first he began to piokNip,' and '* is to-day quite healthy. At the least symptom of an attaok I now give him a few doses, and it always checks the complaint at once Have always given Chamberlain's ' Cough Remedy to my other children when attacked with. Croup, with the same good r«- - suits.' For sale by al) chemists aad store keepers.-* 