AUSTRALIAN PRODUCE. QUEENSLAND IN THE STRAND. LONDON, Aug. 21. The step taken by Mr. Kidston, the Queensland Fienilur, in acquiring general offices in the Strand, close to Charing Cross, marks a new departure in Australian official representation In London. When, Some 10 years ago, the demand Robe In the colonies of Australia for the pushing of the produce trade with Europe, the business community urged that the Agents-General should either move to the city, the commercial centre of London, or open sub-offices there for the exhibition of Australian produce and the affording of information to commercial callers. The question was intermixed with the financial matter of inscribing stock and paying dividends. South Australia is the only State which carried out this latter Idea and she was the first State to move from West to East; for Agent General has good offices near the Stock Ex- change, In Bishopsgate-street. Victoria followed, but Sir Thomas Bent was so dissatisfied with the Victorian offices, or. rather, the situation In Queen Victoria-street, that no arranged for his State to go West again; the new Victorian offices in the Strand "Island Site" are now going up New South Wales was a notable convert to the city faith, and I am quite sure that Mr. Coghlan and his staff find the situation of the Grace-street offices more convenient than the Westminster position formerly occupied, remote from every business connection. New Zealand, Western Australia, and Tasmania remain at Westminster, Queensland has now acquired a prominent stand in the Strand GotHs Restaurant, a building of four floors and the general offices will be moved there, and the city showroom closed. It is understood that the dominating idea with the Queensland Premier is to attract emigrants, people of a good class to make settlers. The bills of the Queensland immigration system is the deposit of £50 as a guarantee of good faith, as opposed to the deposit of £6 required with emigrants for your State. A fine building in the Strand Is considered good for emigra- tion purposes. The ground floor is to be used to display the collections from the exhibition when it closes in October, and a shop front will be put in. A lease of 35 years has been acquired, and the rent of so centrally situated a building is, of course, considerable. But the most noteworthy point in the affair is Mr. Kidston's saying good-bye to the city, the centre of all mercantile and financial matters in which Australia is concerned. BUTTER AND MEAT MARKETS. The Home and Foreign Produce Exchange quotations for butter ore Danish, 122 to 124; Siberian, 100 to 102; Canadian, 1187; New Zealand, 114 to 116; there is no Australian offering on the market. Siberian but; ter, after a splendid season here, is dropping off fast; the Imports for the last two weeks were 37,000 casks. In a few weeks arrivals will, be very greatly reduced, and market buyers will be somewhat hard put to till Australian comes along. There is a large make in the U.S.A. this season, and stocks in the leading warehouses there on July 1 were 32,500,0001b, against 18,800,0001b in 1907, and 20,000 000lb in 1900. This state of affairs has caused Canada to restart shipping butter to this country; in July 18,494cAvt arrived, against G033cwt in 1907. The market still feels last season's Australasian short shipments, and before prices move downwards the depleted stores will have to be filled. The recent extraordinary high prices for butter cabled from Australia have helped to maintain wholesale values here, and have made the proprietors of the multiple shops" uneasy as' to their winter supplies. This is a dull time for the frozen meat market, and only one section of It- lambs-has shown any animation of late Australian meat has been in such limited volume for some! time that business is nominal. From January to July the imports from the Commonwealth were Mutton, carcases, 1908, 311,493; 1907, 649,773; lamb, carcases, 1908, 881,580; 1907," 882,294; beef, qrs., 1908, 20,255; 1907, . 12,299. There has been a decrease in imports of mutton and lamb of 627,000 car- cases, and an increase of frozen beef of 16S,190qrs. Australia and New Zealand have fallen off heavily, but South America, taking advantage of Australasia's shortages, has gone ahead in all departments. As mentioned above, frozen lambs have been selling very freely during this spring summer season, and have quite put mutton into, the shade. Look- ing at the market movements for the last few seasons for New Zealand mutton and lamb, one can safely advises Australian meat shippers to push lambs as vigorously as they can, especially the heavy substantial carcases CHILLED BEEF FROM AUSTRALIA? The only meat feature of collateral importance to refer to Is the "chilled" boot qU3B tion. The present splendid system of refrigerated foods has been built upon pioneers' experiments, and before we receive beef at a chilling temperature from Sydney and other Coirimonwaalthjports the question of course, will have to be well thrashed out. Chilled beef is brought from Argentina at a temperature of 293 degrees; one degree up will spoil, one degree down will freeze. A considerable proportion of this chilled beef from South America is found to be would spotted on arrival here, and unless the Im- perfection Is very superficial, It is promptly condemned by the market inspectors. This is the lion in the path that will have to be boldly faced before chilled beef can be brought from Australia successfully; risks' I of mould of course, are greater than'avIUi the beef from Argentina. But once you suc costs in placing chilled boot In our marketS, you enter a new and high-class field, enlist- ing buyers of high grade beef, and securing better prices. FROZEN RABBITS. With the coming of August, the autumn season for frozen rabbits begins, and already 40,000 crates have arrived. Market Inquiries assure one that the season has started well, with good prospects for business. The range of market rates Is 10d to 13s per crate, and 8/6 to 9/6 for skinned rabbits. Though business is expected to be brisk this coming season, the inference need not be drawn that shippers are going to do great things. there seems something like a general understanding between Importers and leading salesmen that in future the man who buys at this end is to be allowed to make a little money in the business. Skinned rabbits are rather plentiful just now; as a rule, a 10,000 rabbit case boat will only have about 200 cases of these goods, but the proportion Is larger at the moment. Skinned rabbits are apt to be tough and old; skins from old rabbits are more valuable than from young animals. Game salesmen and provision retailers In busy times like to have a few cases of skinned rabbits In reserve under the benches 1 against a press of business. 