MAINLY ABOUT PEOPLE 'FRANZISKA.' Mr. E. Moss returned to Moora on Saturday morning. Mrs. Hope Nlcolson has returned to Kalgoorlle from a trip to the Eastern States. Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Lewis, of Cot tesloe, are spending a holiday in Kal goorlle, and arer tho guests of Miss Wellstead. ' ?Mr. and Mrs. Karl ' Byron Moore, whose wedding took place recently in Perth, are now in Sydney, and will leave shortly for Amerioa, It Is rumored that Caruso, the famous tenor, will pay a-Vlslt to Australia this year, However, as' the fees are enor mous, there would be ? little probability of his being hoard In Perth. Mr. Latham Watson, late of the Vivjan G.M., has been appointed metal lurgist to the Halnault G.M., In place of Mr. A, Hay, who has taken over the management. - The marriage of Mr. W. Lethleen, eldest son of Mr. John Lethleen, oD Kalgoorlle, to Miss , Leslie Dearlove, youngest daughter of tho late Mr. Richard Dearlove, of Burra, S.A., will take place at Gwalla on Ea3ter Mon day. ? Old Perth and gold'fields friends of j Mr. Prltchard (formerly of the firm. of Messrs. Bewick, Moreing, and Co,), and of popular Mrs. Prltchard, will be pleased to learn that they are now re siding at Los Angelos, California, and are doing well. Mr. Brian Hooker, who, with his wife, spent some time on the gohlftelds a few years ago, Is re-vlsltlng1 Kalgoorlle. Mr. Hooker, who has been travelling a' great deal about the Malay States, Borneo, and the Dutch Indies, returned a couple of , years .Rlnce to Australia, aiidr has/ lately- been1 In charge of tho Kapunda Copper Mines, S.A. ? Old residents of Broken Hill and of Kalgoorlle learned with regret of the death of Mrs. T. A. Strempel, which took place at her residence In Northam last week. liar eldest brother, Mr. George Howard, predeceased Mrs. Strempel by a faw days. Deep sym ,pathy Is felt with Mr. Strempel, who han- numbers of friends throughout the ?State. , ? - Mr. C. H. Wray, who has been con tinuously connected with Messrs, Bewick, Moreing, and Co. for many years, left by tho Ophlr to-day for Colombo en route for Malaya. Ho will there represent the firm on their new tln-mlnlng ventures. Dming his absence Mm. Wray and family will remain In Melbourne, where their re latives reside. At Wl'lllamstown, Kalgoorlle, on Monday afternoon last, Mr. F. Bow-, den, of Gwalla, was married to Miss K. Smith, of Wllllamstown. The cere mony, which was performed by the Rev. Mr. Vine, of Gwalla, took place at the residence of the bride's brother-in-law, Mr. W. J. Read, who gave tiho bride away. A large attend ance of friends witnessed the cere mony, and afterwards spent a plea sant few hours In the enjoyment of the kind hospitality of Mr. and Mrs. Read, Mr. Jim Blane, late of the Sons of. Gwalla mine, left by to-day's mail boat on a visit to England. Mrs. Yeo, of Kalgoorlle, has return ed from a visit to the Eastern States, and is . staying at tttio , Continental Hotel, Claremont. , —'?''? . Mr. H. K. Maley, of Greenough, and Mr. W. E. Fenner, of Carnarvon, are at present In Perth, and are staying at the Royal Hotel, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Jones and son, of the Royal. Hotel, have gone to Albany for a short holiday. Before returning they will visit the Caves. Mrs. Broad, sen., Miss Broad, ami Mr, Donald Broad, of Mellcnbyo station (Murchlson), arrived in Perth on Saturday morning, and are 'staying at the Royal Hotel. . i ? ? ?. Mr. and Mrs, Hudson, of Claremont, gave a farewell dinner on Friday last to Mr. and^Mrs, Sydney Plgott; who are leaving Claremont shortly, with their family, to ; live at Brooms, Miss Phyllis Clarke, daughter, of the well- known Victorian sporting baronet, Is about to publish a volume of '.short stories and sketches. Miss, Clark has already published a book which has met with a -good deal of'success. Mr. George Meredith, Mr. Thomas Hardy, and Mr. Bernard Shaw have been elected honorary members of tho (International (Soclety of Sculptors, Painters, and Gravers In recognition of their distinction as fellow .artists. Ths British Ambassador at Berlin .has &Jso; been made an honorary member, '? and Professor Frelher.r von* Habcrnmnn an hon. artist member. »' . . . The Paris 'Journal'.', announces, that M. Turpin, the inventor of melinite, has taken out a writ against the State in tho person of the Prefect of 'the Seine. Ho demands tlie revision of the agree ment made between himself anil the Stato in 1SS5. He complains of: having be^n robbed of his Invention in eohse i tiuence of tho manoeuvres of the' De- partment of War, and demands as com pensation an indemnity of £40,000. Ho also accuses the Btato of- acting In con junction with tlie manufacturer's and companies which, with Its' assQilt, fur nished melinite to .foreign, countries, such as Russia, Japan. Spain, Brazil, antl Venezuela, two largo Industrial, companies aresalBO summoned. Says 'Melbourne Punch':— In 8y-i-' ne,y they are openly talking about Mr. G. H. Reid being appointed the first High Commissioner, and G. H. has ceased to demur or contradict ? the rumor.' One thing Is now certain: The States are not going- to wipe out their Agent-Generate' offices, which cost £19,500 per annum to maintain, apart from £4,000 spent on Immigra tion. With a High Commissioner at £3,500, It Is reckoned that the Fede ral Office will- cost' £20,000. To this has to be added an advertising account. Australia will therefore soon be. pay ing £ 50,000. a year for Its representa tion in London, which Is equal to in terest at 3V4 per cent. on:.'£-l,428,G00. That is to say, for the same money we could put £1,428/500 Into reproductive, works. Last month's Issue of the 'Musical Standard' contains an 'Impression' by Joseph Holbrooke of Albert Mallinson and 'his huge song output.' The writer, whose high position In the must, cal world entitles him to 'be .-taken seriously, describes many of Mr. Mal linson's songs as 'gems.' After- re viewing in detail six volumes of the songs, he concludes: 'Mr. Mallinson Is quite aane, I should say, without hav ing met him. Those songs, with some 'Songs of a Sappho,' bid Ifalr to raise English art a heap, and this is urgent with me. The 'Sappho' ditties are the most modern, .by a great deal, of' all the songs; always vocal and preg nant with big thought. Englishmen can be proud of Mr. Malllnson's gifts —he is worthy of them.' Mr. Mal linson, though claimed as English, is Australian. It is not often that . a composer goes out of his way to speak In such warm terms o.f a contemporary. Meynell and Gunn, as already an nounced, bring 'back this artist, who will slve a series of song recitals, com mencing at the Melbourne Town Hall on Saturday, May 16, in conjunction with his wife, Madame Anna Mallinson who is spoken of as the finest Danish soprano of the day. The soclal- writer in a Melbourne weekly says:— A little bird' that rarely chirps wrongly tells me that Melba herself will be back in our midst in February next year. She has to ap pear In grand opera In May, and when she reaches London she Intends to ask the managers who have booked her for four years ahead to let her have six months free to herself next year. This time she proposes to spend In Australia, singing in every State. She will, not ?be satisfied with the capitals, but thinks of giving at least a hundred concerts. 'If the country people can't come to us, we must go to them,' she said, when she made this tentative arrangement, The homing spirit Is asserting Itself In ?Melba, and she wishes to' spend more of her time in Australia than she has done during the last twenty years. Hugo Wolf, the groat German song writer, is now rapidly gaining a, re putation amongst his countrymen not even second to that elf Schubert. Born In 1880, he lived at a period when the art tendency of the world was to weld the advanced rationalism of the time into musical thought. To this end the all-important melody of Italy and its earlier Teutonic imitators was sacri ficed when and wherever necessary. Though this has led to much heart breaking amongst the conservatives, it marks the threshold of a new and more epic era. In this period to. come Wolf will take a high place, for he has adopt ed this advanced method fully, while1 at 'the same time evolving .beautiful melodic conceptions that will grow with familiarity to their full merits and deserts. Like Schumann, this unfoiS tunate genius died In a lunatic asylum In; 1903. His work, however, will live. 1 ***'* ''*n'*r'»CT;'iKjr'g-'Tw-*^' 