general Htm. Jaber Wolffs made another attempt to swim the EqgHah Ohsmnel, «nd failed when hilt a mile From Oilaie. M. Alberli, the DaniBb, ex Minister for Justioe. recently arrested for f mud. is stated to htfre lotts£3^3yOOO on the Iiondon Stock Bich«ngtfini»ix,yaara One of two, burglars who stole the ailverplate from Mark Twain'* home in'tJodpectibM waa shot and oaptnrad by the police. The OovMwor of Queensland has received ia contribution of £1000 from Mr. W. Knox Darcy towards the Io slitnte of Tropical DiBeasei proposed to be atarted at Townsville. Don't Wait Till To-morrow^ It's the little coUs that grow into big oolds ; the big colds fhat- end in oonsnmp tion and death. Btra't wait till tomorrow to cure the little Holds, - for me dose of Dr. Sheldon1. New Duoovary for Coughs, Colds, and Consumption will break up a oold if taken at rhe beginning. Dr. eiwtutm's New Visaorery it a safe uod a»»ei--failing nmeoy. Price li 6d and 3l Obtainable at D. Hoboan's, ChemUt, Agent, Bowral, and at N. Habvkt's, Chemist, Agent, MiUagong. Before the Poatat Commission in Melbourne, Mr. William Orosbie said it appeared there were too many highly paid officers ia the department compared to the numbers of the rank and file. It required £260,000 to bring tbe existing eerrice intoaetate of repair, and half a million more to onng ii op to date. Id the Government Gardens, Perth (W.A.), whioh resembles the Sydney Domain as a resort for men not at work, the police recently arrested as drunk an Italian miner, just arrived from the goldfielda. The arrest was fortunate for tbe Italian, as when con veyed to Ibe watohbouse £373 in gold was found in his pockets, Mr. Wilbur Wright, at Le Msns, France, flew in his aeroplane 66 kilo metres (over 41 mile*) in record time. Tbe aeroplane rose upwards of 100ft., and when it desceoeTed crowds frantic ally cheered the aeronaut Woods' Great Peppermint Cure won't core Bad habits or York hams, Nor would it do in Irish stew, Or bair-waah or in janu ; II won't cure leather, freckles, warts, For working men or toffs, Bnt Woods' Great Peppermint Cnre will Four colds and cnre your coughs. Thn State Legislature of Georgin, U.S.A., has abolished the practice of the leasing of convicts to private persons. Tbe Canadian Government has dis covered that an extensive system of fraud is practised in -the admission of Chinese immigrants. It is estimated that the Government has been de fruuded of £30,000 by this means. Owing to the gates of tbe balls' enclosure at a bull fight at Couto, Portugal, bring opened by some person 22 bulls were released. Seven persons were killed and 40 injured. Soldiers killed 10 of the bulls. A mining speculator named Thomas F. Fletcher committed suioide at Gul gong by exploding a plug of dynamite iu his mouth. He had expended £30,000 in mining speculations, and lately returned from England, and was despondent. William Mason, mining manager, and James Collins, miner, were found at the 900ft. platform of the Band and Loch Bhaft, Ballarat (Vic), with their heads smashed in. It is not known whether they were killed through fall ing down the shaft or through a piece of timber striking them and knocking them from their position. k Mysterious Event Mtny physiolans teem to thick it a myi terions event when their patients — whom they cannot cnre— are quickly relieved and rotorod to health by Dr. Sheldon's New Discovery for Congbs, Colds, and Consump tion ; but there is nothing mysterious about it. Dr. Sheldon's New Discovery represents the latest knowledge of the dsy in the practice of the science of healing, and does sot follow any of the ofd fubioced methods of the materia medioa. It goes right to the point of infection in all eases of throat and lung, trouble, and by means that are all ita own drives oat the disease and heals the affected part*. It is a ««fe, plensnt, positive cure for all long troubles. Try it. Obtainable at D. Moboah's, Chem ist, Agent, Bowral, and at N. Habvjv's, Chemist, Agent, Hittagong. Albert Warne (22) was found dead on the floor of a (tore at Oooma on »UMUaji ♦* jrcsn aiuv ncssa «-jttijac VU the dead man's obest, and there waa a bullet wound in the right temple. The Zetland Lodge racing stables, near Ashborton (N.Z.), were destroyed by fire on Tuesday. Three racehorses 'valued in all at £960, were burned to death. Mr. Froggutt, Government Entomo logist, considers that the grasshopper plague can be effectively coped with if promptly taken in the early stage. A Somali Mullah recently attaoked tribes which were friendly to the Brit ish, killing mnny women «nd children A British punitive force pursued the Mullah and. defeated him with hegvy lots after u sharp encounter. 