CABLE NEWS IN BRIEF. THE AUSTRALIAN FOOT- BALLERS. LONDON. Monday. C. E. Murnin, one of the members of the visiting Australian football team, caught a chill when the steam- er was in the Red Sen, and was sent home from Naples. The rest ot" the team uro well. They are practising on the Newton Abbot ground. THF. ALBERT! FRAUDS. The Oopenhngen "Politiken" states that a committee of the Danish Dairy Farmers' Association reports that the indebtedness of Messrs. Wilier and Kiley of London, to the associ- ation through Alborti's fraud» totals 1,000,000 kronen.. (about £55,500). Wilier and Riley's managing cllr ector has issued, a statement that there will be' no interruption of busi- ness, and that arrangements will shortly be completed to obtain Dan- ish butter as hitherto. PERSIAN CONSTITUTION. The peoplo of Tabriz have express- ed their willingness to disarm and surrender tho Nationalist leuders for trial if the Shah will re-establish the Persian Constitution upon recognised European lines. BEET SUGAR PRODUCTION. Herr Licht, of Magdeburg, in his latest circular, states that the pro- duction of beet sugar for the current campaign shows .a decrease of 1 lü.OUO tons, and he estimates that tlie decrease for the whole campaign will be 179,000 tons. NAVAL VISIT TO AUSTRALIA. LONDON, Tuesday. The "Pall Mali Gazette" states that it is expected that a special squadron of modern British warships will visit Australia next year. AMERICAN AND AUSTRALIAN TRADE. Messrs. James Gardiner and Co., shipowners of Glasgow, have placed orders on the Clyde for three steam- ers of 7000 tons each for service in the Eastern, Australian, and Ameri- can trades. UNEMPLOYED DEMONSTRATION. The Socialists are organising a demonstration in which from 10,000 to 20,000 unemployed will take part, to be held in Trafalgar Square, London, on Saturday, Octo- ber 10. ACCIDENT TO MISS ASQUITH. Miss Violet Asquith, daughter of the British Prime Minister, was returning in the evening to the cliffs nt Slains Castle, in Aberdeenshire, | to recovSl- a book which she bad left mere, when she fainted through fatigue and tilni-m at the darkness. On her absence being noticed, a search ivas m¡<ide, and after some hours helpers found her lying, still uncon- scious, nour the edge of the cliff. She is now recovering. CHINESE FRAUDS IN CANADA. The Canadian Government has dis- covered an extensive system of fraud which lind been practised by Chinese immigrants, who obtained exemption from the head tax by means of fraudulent certificates re- presenting them as visiting mer- chants. The sums of which the Government has thus bei-n defrauded are stated to amount to £.".0,000. THE SOMALI MULLAH. News from British Somaliland states that the notorious Somali 'Mullah, who gave considerable trouble some years ago, made an attack on tribes who are friendly to tho British, killing many women anti children, A British force was sent against thev Mullah, and defeated him with heavy loss. GERMAN SOUTH WEST AFRICA. A telegram from Windhoek, in Ger- man South West Africa states that the rebel native chief Simon Copper is again on the warpath, and the east- ern port of the German protectorate is closed to whites. CONVICT LEASING SYSTEM. After a prolonged struggle in the local Legislature the system of leasing convicts in the State of Georgia, U.S.A., which lias given rise to terrible abuses, has been virtually abolished. [A cable message under date July 27 stated: Tlie Investigation Committee appointed by the Legislature, which has been sitting in Alabama, U.S.A., lias elicited some remarkable eviiioneo respecting the State convict-leasing system which is practised in the Southern States. It wa« shown that at one State prison farm the con- victs were lined up anil ,sold like mule« to the highest bidder. One convict ivas leased out in exchange for seven negroes, because he pos- sessed clerical ability. A white boy who was leased out was whipped to death for spilling coffee on a hog.l l^, SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. Arrivals.-Star of Australia, s., from New Zealand ports ; Geelong, s., from Sydney, via Australian ports and South Africa ; Admiral Courbet, barque, from Sydney. Departures.-For Sydney : Arctic Stream, ship, from Gla&gow.; \- For Adelaide.: Formosa, barcjûo, from Liverpool. For Fremantle : Dalblair s., from New York. .For Auckland.: Devon,' s., Mimiro, s. 