GENERAL NEWS. Germany is building war balloon sta tions at several places on the western frontier. 'llie Nottingbaui Labor Cougress, by l,0j'j,000 votes to 045, UUO, rejected Jlr Tilleti's proposal in tavor ot arbjvra tion and conciliation in trade disp_ui.es. ' It is stated that vlien the Federal Parliament meets Mr F. Foster, M.il.K. , will move a motion in favor of Gostwyck as the Federal capital. The Oauadian authorities baye de pot ted 1031 immigrants, and have been refused admission during the past six months. ' The Times ' suggests that the crui ser squadron under Bear-Admiral Sir Percy Scott, after visiting the Cape, should proceed to Australia. The Political Labor League of Xew South Wales''has received 22 nomina tions, including those of three ladies, l'or the Senate selection ballot. Three candidates have to be selected ? - j The champagne district of France has been devastated by mildew. It is expected that the yield will reach only 20,000 hectolitres, entailing a loss to growers of £1,800,000. I The output of the South Coast mines, which a few years ago did not amount to much more than l,000,u00 tons per annum, is likely, to be over 2,000,000 tons this year. j The effect of a judgment given in Melbourne on Friday is that the be quest of a deceased lady to assist im migrants of good character from her own native town in England is valid. Dutt, the Bengali, has been sentenc ed to death for the murder of \q rendra Uossaui, but is entitled to ap peal against the sentence. The other but the case was referred to tbe iugh Court. While demolishing an old house ou the outskirts ol Uubbo, a wurkiuuu came across an old coin, which on ex amination proved to be a kalt-guiuea of George 111., over llu years old, the date being 1790. 1'lie coin was very well preserved, there being no dilneulty in reading tue inscription. The Trades Union Congress now ait tint- at .Nottingham has passed a ic solution demanding larger grants ior public works for the relief of the un employed. Several speakers warned the Government that there was danger ot violeneo during the coining winter. The immunity allowed Panitza and others of the associates ot Sandausliy, the notorious .Bulgarian leader, in re ccut murders in Macedonia, is caus ing anxiety to Irionds of Turkey, llie Government is accused of favoritism lo bautiansky, who continues to levy tribute on the jjeasantry in the JLh'a ni i r anil berres districts. The Victorian railway reveuue for the 10 days ended ths 31st ult., cover ing portion of the ' Fleet' trathc, shows a large increase over the re ceipts for the corresponding period of last year, the respective iiguirs being £110,737 and £87,031. The revenue from July 1 to August 31 amounted to i.'(jU(j,438, an increase ol £37,281 com pared with the corresponding period in the previous year. The world's championship sprint bi oycle race was held at Berlin on Ai» gust 2, and £llegaard, the Danish rid er, won by a wheel from Poulain, with Van den Born third. This is the iifth time Kllegaard has won this classic race, viz., 1901, 1902, 1903, 1906, and 1908\. Ellcgaard was second in 1904 to Lawson, and would probably have won then but for Iver Lawson stealing a march on him. The 100 kilos proies sional championship was won by iiyser, from Darragon and Walthour. Kyser is not a well-known rider, and won through accidents to his opponents. A fatal accident happened at the Horseshoe mi no Xalgoorlie, on Fri day afternoon. John Al'Rae (37), and Edward Snell (42), were found dead. The victims were engaged in unload ing a truck by the aid of a crane which, 'by some unknown means, came in contact with a live electric wire, ik'tl: the men were turning the handles of the crane at the time, and were met with a current equal to 530 volts. Bold the deceased were married, and old aud trusted employees. \- No further steps are to be taken for pushing on the Lithgow Small-arms i actory until the officer who has been sent to England to select the mach inery shall send in his recommenda tions. When these have been dealt ivith, and the purchases have been or dered, the buildings will he put in band. It is necessaiy to adapt the buildings to the machinery, and until it is known what space the machinery will need the erection of the factory itself cannot be proceeded with. The Minister is considering a proposal to send to England a few men for train ing in EtnaS-arms manufacture. At a meeting of the State Council af the New South Wales Allianoe, a scheme for the carrying on of active iropaganda work was presented by the Executive.' This scheme provides for the division of the State into sections, ?aoh section to be operated on bv hon orary lecturers. A detailed list of speakers available, and centres to be nsiteJ is being prepared, and before long an extensive educational cam paign will 'be in progress. It was de cided that an address be presented to the Governor-General (Earl Dudley) by the State Council, on behalf of tue al liance garble Bar (W.A.) reports that 40 Afghan camel drivers hold the road to Port Hedland, and threaten to shoot anyone who dares carry loading ag ainst their strike conditions.. Port Hedland, while wishing the Afghans had departed to the desert, describes the Marble Bar agitation as that of interested persons indulging in vitu perative abuse. The police are un able to discover any lawlessness, but five teams are held up 42 miles out because the owners are unable to find their camels, and their wages men , have joined the strikers. Mark Ma homet, who owns 66 camels, would join the strikers, but there -is a mortgage of £16,000 over his camels, and the mortgagees would seise the camels if I he did not continue carting. The ca mels are now either lost or driven away, but no one threatens him. Sec kundah Shah, known as 'Coolgardie,' the owner - of 45 camels, makes a si milai statement, and Bays tbe strikers never threatened to shoot. An unpleasant experience befel an ' excursion party^ during a recent visit of inspection to the Lcura Falls. The. party, which consisted of three ladies and. one gentleman, arrived at the Leura Forest, but in spite of a warning erected notifying the public that the federal Pass was closed against pedes trians, pending the completion of the alterations to the Katdomba Falls side ot' the pass, and where blasting opera tions arc being carried on, climbed the wire fence placed at the forest to pre vent traffic, and made their way along the whole route of the Federal Pass until they reached the bottom of Kv toomba Falls, where they found their progress arrested by a sheer wall of rock, whidh was insurmountable. Dark ness overtook them before they were able to get out of the forest, and they decided to settle down for the night. As the party did not return at the ex ported hour, they were reported to Constable Baxter as missing, and a soarcl. party was at once organised. The lost excursionists were eventcally , found at about 11 o'clock, and were j m'j.;ii relieved at being rescued ffom their predicament. j 