Crtmbs. Fleet. Steamer adrift. e Tbe grab goes on. Colliery explosion. Giab, grab, grab!!! More Wages Boards. Domestic servants scarce. Auckland continues en fete. jMr. Price "warned bis party. Pj-ince Alfred College sports. Mark Hambourg on August 2i. literary Societies' competition. Kubolik next Tuesday afternoon. "Andrew Scott Memorial Shield." Adelaide Glee Club's smoke social. "Mis. "Wiggs of tbe Cabbage Patch." Have you seen The Observer pictures? Gala day- at Port Pirie on Wednesday. Arbor day at Port Adelaide to-morrow, Mjr.-Gen. Hoad teft for England 4-o-diy^ Prelates visited the ruins of Lrnriisfarop. A famous Jievr Zealand stud disposed of. Have you heard of the latest icgcslal-Trs' grab? West's pictures-at the Town Hall this evening. Western. Australian Parliament »ngned- At Wednesday's market.",300 sheep were penned. Postal Commission taking evidence Hot against the life -. of the Prince of Montenegro. Great strike of printers and compositors in Denmark. Mr. Price says the EarlvOosing Bill mnst be ""touched up." Tne CorajDonvreelth Parliament will meet n September 16. The Meny Widow" will greet you on 6atuiday evening. Steamer Kirkwall sank through a collision- Oew saved. King Edward and the Emperor Fraaeis Joseph met at IsehL lawyers who prepare conveyances do not believe in Ml stops. Over five years since Mark Hambourg first visited Adelaide. Another honour for our entomologist, Mr. J. G. O. Tepper The London Times comments on the South Australian loan. "It doesn't do to have things too s«c*-t « politics."—Mr. Price. v Archbishop Clstte hss pven bis licence to the Rev. C. H. Nash. Danish newspapers stopped publication to the printers* strike. Leading articles in The Register:—"The Maories'' and "Papal Decrees." Sir Geoi^e Le Himte laid the foundatijn 6tope of Alford Institute Hall. Wrigbt's aeroplane travelled 223 seconds at the rate of 40 miles an boor. Dr. Jesn Charcot's expedition -will leave Ham- for the Antarctic on Saturday. Understood that Mr. Butler will have the first refusal of tbe Agent-Gcoeralsiiip. Farewell cobeert by the great violinist Kubelik in the Town JTall on Tuesday. The Rev. J. Flanagan taketL his departure for F^fj>»rif} via. Western Australia. Tbe Price Government wants to do something to make people live longer and better. Drastic regulations in France against adulteration of bfeer &nd; -wines afid other beverages. \- School children everywhere in the State have taken kindly to His Excellency tha Governor. Oodnadatta folk complain that their public school has beta without a teacher for fire weeks. It seems the business of some pobfetiajB to grab as much se tliey can ttom the taxpayers' purse. Sooth Australia's Premier speate out to the . Victorian Premier on. the Murray vatess agreement. In the interests of public health, savs tie Premier, -we are determined to cany the Abattoirs Bill. South Australia awarded gold medals at the Franco-British Exhibition for poultrf, butter, salt butter, and tallow. _ Punitive expedition after blackfcllows believed to have perpetrated the tragedy at Turkey Greek. Western Australia. Peter of Serria states that all ivastic'6 allegations referring to himself and Mantentgroj are xbeard and malicious lies. The late Sir. G. G. Stead's horses were sold at auction at Ghristebisch, Xtar Zealand yesferday, and realized 4I£15 gg. The Premier received a deputation thie morning an reference to the Brighton Bailway -with suggested extension to tbe south. , Mr. Price is not going to Sydney me*-3y to see the fleet. He is going to see tie Premiers about the Murray waters anestaon. • , Prohaily the next proposal we shall fear of will be a giant of a guinea, a day to members of Parliament to attend Aa show. Mr. ;T. Howfctt-Boss, the wcli-known elocutionist, has ccme from Melbourne to adjudicate at the literary Societies* Union Competitions. ZSnglish. shipping agents becoming interested 111 Australian immigration. A number have undertaken to Secure settlers for 2?ew South Wales. Work in connection with telegraphs and telephones has become so enormous aorthat it has been decided to create a central electrical staff to cope -with it. Members of Parliament who go to Svdney or Melbourne should pay their own expenses and not bleed the' country i>y -"taking it out" 'of the taxpayers. The American Jack Tar appears to be unaccustomed to electric trams. Several were knocked over, and some narrowly escaped being killed at Auckland. Our Broken Hill correspondent understands that the TJumerumberka Water Trust has almost completed arrangements for earryink out its water scheme. The Federal Cabinet has decided that £560 shall be placed on the Estimates for scientific investigations to determine a standard for the ehearing of Wet sheep. How many members of the State Parliament wfl! be conscientious enough to refuse the "jiving expenses" offered them- by the oouth Australian Government during Fleet Week? "Probably we will Jose some of our followuig over the business, but the Bill won't do tui it is now," remarked Mr. Price, in alluding to the proposed amendment of the Early Closing Bill. State legislators not only conveyed free to Melbourne to see the fleet, but it is Stated tftat as many as wish to eo will have their hotel expenses jiaid by the State Government. What next? The general taxpayer should object to pay hotel expenses for members of Parliament, many of whom are already too weU paid out of the general re&enae; ' for services to their country." Some of The Observer illustrations:—The Governor s vint to Wallaroo the A EC Races, the Inter-'Varsity ladies' hockey match, the suffragettes' procession in London, world s record jump at the Olympic Games. "This session is one of tboee sessions whenwe we dear 1 up. We get the decks ready for action for the general election*. * Upmost dangerous session of any," said IhejPreniier, who proceeded to tell bis wood audience why. -Ayliffe sends us the foUow- ¥ ! , th ? 4 mencan Armada now lying at Auckland the most terrible sight the world has ever seen ?—Because it W the wings of tbe great eagle ^ d X ^ S and stripes of the serpent." Referring to the Murray YVatc-s qB»s. tion. Mr. Price remarked:—'Tve rav- t> take up the cudgels in behalf of South »utl r^J Ia - v -'e bam; exhausted all nos" j sible mpans means for hrinfrino- bringing about J,.,,., . an „ ' mPn t - this Slaie is not going to best?al«. liut -- — g^ioff to thoroughKthose means before we take-extreme stent ^ (AppUube.) 1 • 