THE LATEST NEWS. ' [BY TELEGRAPH.] Weather Foreoast. Sviinky Oiisbivvatory, Thursday. N.S.W. ; Fine and warm generally ; dry dusty, northerly winds ; squally showery change setting in over the western districts, gradually extending eastward, with some thunder. ? a ? LONDON, Tuesday. . Tho 'Pall Mall Gazette' states it, is expected n special squadron of modern British warships will visit Australia next year.' ;..'?._ ? ( J.lic Socialists are organising a denionstra tioii of from 10,000 to 20,000 unemployed to take place at Trafalgar Square. The engineers in the ship- building yards on tho north-east coast oi England have accepted the masters' terms. The men have been on strike for seven months, the loss of pay in that time, being £500,000. ' The Irish aiid Catholic voters at Ncw cnstle-on-Tyne are said to have decided to vote for the Conservative candidate at the approaching hye-clc'otinn. The Canadian Government has discovered an extensive system of fraud, practised by Chinese immigrants, who obtained exemp tion from the Head tax by obtaining fraudu lent certificates us merchants. The Chinese immigrants have' defrauded the Canadian Government of £30, (XX). After a prolonged struggle in the local Legislature, the convict leasing system has been virtually abolished in Georgia, U.S. Lamsatc, the famous .violinist, died sud denly at Davit/., of internal hemorrhage. At Le Mans, France, Wilber Wright's aeroplane Hew 41 J miles in 1 hour 31 min utes 25 seconds, records for both distance and time. ' America may well uc pioua ot you, remarked the American Ambassador as Wright safely descended amid tho frantic cheers of the crowd. The destruction of tho Paris telophone exchange has occasioned enormous incon venience to city subscribers, in fact to- all France. It is believed that owing to de fective insulation' the circuit was alleoted, causing the inflammable coveting surround ing the wiies to ignite. ' ' ' LONDON, Wedsksbay. The Prime Minister says tho Government will introduoo a legislative proposal at an early date for dealing with tho unemployed. According to a German newspaper during the next five years Gcrnmny will be com pelled to meet a defioit of from £100,000,000 to £112,500,000. Increased taxation ? is absolutely necessary. A seven inch gun oxploded on a French armoured cruiser off Toulon. Thirteen of the crew were killed, and two mortally injured. Prince Billow declares that no 'one in Ger many dreamed of attacking England. It was u frightful misunderstanding. Hagenbeok's manager at tho Franco British Exhibition has been lined for forcing an clcphnnt to descend a water chute. It transpires that Albert!, the Danish ox Minister of Justice, embezzled £605,000 belonging to tho Peasants' Savings Bank by means of forgeries. Ho also defrauded the Vanish Butter Association of £225,000. Tho 'Daily Mail' says it is understood that Wilher's and Riloy's loss is apparently recoverable from the Association, who in turn 'turn recover from the farmors. Many admirers bade farewoll to Johnson, the boxer, at Charing Cross- station, on his departure for Sydney. Ho said he was con fident ho would beablo to settle Burns in 12 'rounds. Public bodies inv;Ireland havn protested against tho insult to Roman Catholics con tained in tho refusal to permit a street pro-, eossion during tho Euclnuistio Congress in London. Latkk. Tho barque Star of lieng.il has been wiccked oil' Alaska. Nine whito men and 101 Chinese and Japamsso were drowned. Only 27 persons wore saved. Cholera is raging in St. Petorsbiirg. Thtsro are 175 deaths daily. An outbreak of cholera ut Odessa caused' a panic owing to the reticence of the authorities. SYDNEY, Toisdav. ? Mrs. Caroline M'Kcown; who sued the Railway Cniiimissiuni'is for £1000 for, injur- ies received in a tram accident at Bondi on Easter Monday, was awarded £400 by the jury. The Railway Commissioners, to-day, re fused., a leanest from iu deputation ftoin suburban municipalities for season ' tickets on the trams. . -- The police have been dragging nil day for the body of Daniel Flaherty, one of the missing crew of the sailing boat Charlie, which capsized in the harbour on Sunday, without success. Arthur Charlton, railway station-miioter at Hast Maitiaud, fell dead on Monday morn ing. He had been MiHuring from heart failuie. . SYDNEY, Wkdxdsiuv. In the Assembly, last night, a motion for adjournment was debated for five hours in regard to the fees to be paid to members of Wages Boards. Mr. Edden moved the adjournment, 'im he: regaided the 5-i and 10s per day insulli oicnt. Mr. Wade juslilied the action of the Government, and declined to alter the rates. The motion was pressed to a division and negatived by 43 lo 25 votes. The Melbourne Steamship Co. has de cided to withdraw the steamer Leuwin from the South Coast tiade, owing to the vessel not receiving the support anticipated. The steamer Nymbuidii, when backing fiom the whaif, bound for the Clarence River, collided with the schooner Alma Docpul. Tin; schooner was extensively damaged, but tihu Nymboida was enabled to resume her voyage within n few hours. A mining speculator, Mr. Thomas F. Fletcher, committed suicide nt Gulgong by exploding ii plug of dynamite in his mouth.' He had expended £30,000 in 'speculations, ...wl lutiitir riif,,i-,,n,l IVfiiit lftiirlniwl mwl ii'jlu' Illlll l-\ -'}'*J ?' lbUltLII\\.\l ..Will JJ..^. ...... !????. ...??* despondent. , His wife and family reside in England. The police lnnt night forced an entry into a hou.so in NPitt-stieet, and arrested 13 Chinese, alleged to bo playing fan-tan. . In regaid to tho proposal made to Sir T. Bent by the Salvation Army to send out to Victoria farm laborers anil special factory hands, the Victorian Premier replied that if all the States were willing to join such a movement he would co-operate. The debate on the Address-in-Reply to the Govornor-lieneial's .speech was con eluded in the House of Rcprcscnlulivii, last Now the address is adopted the battle of the Federal Capital sites will be commenced in earnest. - In the Houso of Representatives, to-day, a bill to ' more definitely define the scut of Government in the neighbourhood of l)al gety' was read the first tinii1. Last night, when the Prime Minister moved the Iron Bonus Bill be taken, un un expected opposition came from the Labour corner. Mr. Fisher spoke against the proposal as inconsistent with Parliamentary procedure, while other members favoured reverting to duties. The debnte was adjourned. ' ?The Zetland Lodge racing stables, ne.ir Ashburn, New Zealand, weio destioycd by fire ycstei day. Three racehorses valued at £050 were burned to death. SYDNEY, TiiuusuAY. ? Tho Assembly hist night, after debate, carried the Piemier's motion to agree to tho lesolutions carried at the State Premiers' Conference. ' Tho House, 'by 33 votes to 18, declined to deal with n motion regarding the shortage of live stook truoks as a matter of urgonoy. The Government ofl'eied the House every opportunity of discussing the quebtion on tho Temporary Supply Bill to-day. In the, House of Represenhitives the Attorney-General moved tliu second reading of the Seat of Government Bill. . Ho con sidered Dalgoty the most desirable site for the capital. Fifteen gentlumon, who havo given more than 25 years sorvico in public otlicas in tliu State, were, yesterday, presented with Imperial Lung Service. Medals by Sir Barry Kawsoii. Messrs. Hughes, Johnson, and Foxton opposed Dalgcty, while Messrs. Quick, Poynton, and itulcliiiisim advocated that site. Mr. Foster held the opinion that no site oll'ered such advantages as New England. Landholders there had made thousands of E omuls feeding staivmg stock. Ainndalo ad an actual rainfall of muv 30 inches per year. Fiom a national point of view antf as asanitoriuni Armidale could not' he beaten. The debate was adjourned until to- day.^ As far as ran he judged, Dalgety will win tho day. It is confidently asseitcd that there will be a majority of one or two, votes in favor of that site. Tho Prime Minister considers it unlikely that the British mjundion to visit South Africa will ho diverted .to Australia. Senator M'Gregor has given notice in the Senate for a progiessive land tax with an exemption of £5000. A Boaid of expert miners has lepoited that the recent Mount Morgan disaster wns not due. to the negligence of any porson. A' deputation to the Mayor of Sydney, yesteiday, asked for tho establishment of Municipal dispensaries for tho supply of pure milk for infants. Tho Mayor's leply was, in effect, that, while he was iii syni' pathy with the request, ho had no power to grant it. A lifeboat from tho steamer Whangapo landed at Suva yesteiday, and leportcd that the vessel had broken her main shaft on Monday last. Tho Whangapo, when the boat left her, was drifting near Kadavu, in the Fiji Group. Montaguo Livingstono. theatrical trea surer to Mr. WiUjainson, was to-daj, charged with stealing money ,; from his employers and commuted foi liiul. Bail was grunted. Tho body of a man wan found on Watson's Bay reserve to day with two bullet wounds in his thro.it and n levolver by his Hide. Ho is believed to bo Ernest Gnrlick, recently operated on in tho Pnrrauwtta Hospital for appendicitis, and employed as salesmen at un ironmongery store in I'aitamatta. At the Homohush fat slock sides tn-rlay 1100 cattlo wore yarded. Prime firmer; other down 5s to. 10s. Cnws £5 to £10 2s, Bullocks £0 to £18. Beat beef 31s per lOOlbs. _; ? Wo are requested to state that owing'to tho success of tho sale of Mr. PidcookV dairy herd, yesterday, and prompt bidding, tho sale by Messrs. M'Dougall and Ander son to-day will not take place. ? A medioil man stated at a London inquest that probably 50 per ceiit. of people had consumption at one time or another, and were cured by nature. At tho annual meeting of tho New Zea Inud Farmors' Cooperative Association, of Canterbury, tho leporl bhowed tho profits for the year to bo £20,745 Germany has no fewer than 8180 salaried judges. Great Britain, including Lords of Appeal, High Court judges, County Court judges, stipendiary magistrates, and record ers, is satisfied with 270'. Replying to an address, Sir Joseph Carruthers said, 'New Souih Wales has been my college, hut England is iny univers ity ; and after a couple of more- visits I may become a graduate of the Empire.' Tho American fleet pnssed Rottnost before noon on Sunday. Excursion steamers took 5000 people out from Frcoiiiantlo to see tho armada steaming north. Admiral Sperry signalled farewell greetings. The police raided an hotel at Ultimo, which ia used for the purpose of gambling by tramway men, on Friday night last. The plaro was surrounded, and tho names of many wtre taken. Proceedings will follow. Probably no part of a schoolmaster's duty is more difficult than to advise a parent us to what walk of life his boy should . adorn ; hut tho beginning and cud of it all is that a good hoy will make his way in any position and tho bad hoy will not. The Now Zealand House of Representa tives, though urged not to do so, has struck out the cluuso from the Arbitration Hill providing heavy pcnalities against news papers if they commented on or published news about industrial strikes. Tho secretary of the Iuvorcll Co-operativo Butter Factory repents that tho return for August' fiom 13 dairy cows owned by Mr. Hupgoud, of that district, was :— Value of butter produced, £21 7s (id, being nt tho average rate of £1 13s per cow. One of the dangers of the age is that of speaking too much. Judging from the frcquoiicy with which a few people give the world tho benefit of their views on every possible subject, it' might ho thought that they were qualifying for the post of lec turers to the huiniin race. 'A Victorian farmer, on whoso propcity rabbits havit been increasing, has found that cut up roots of the Scutch thistle, very lightly dipped in strychnine, and laid in places where tho rabbits- frequent, lire a most ellective means of destruction, as the rabbits readily devoured tho roots. Ventilation is beginning to bu understood, am', its hygienic valuo appreciated. But tho beneficent effects of sunlight meet with less appreciation. If people would consider for a moment the effect upon vegetable lifo cut off from the sun's rays they could 'hardly fail to draw an inference that would usefully bear upon their own existence. Everything points to tho Hunter district being again shortly visited by tho dovustat ing plugue of grasshoppers which did thou sands of pounds worth of damage. Recently n' farmer near . Allaudalo was digging iii a grass paddock, and in a spadeful ot' lurth lie noticed myriads of eggs and young hoppers in various stuges of growth. Exami nation showed that old insects had bored a hole in the earth with the rear portion of the body, died, and left tho remains, con taining eggs. . Every hoppur laid from eight to ton eggs, so i hut the promise of the young growth may be imagined, particularly us it may he aeee.pted that the Alluudide farmer's case is no exception. He intends burning off, in order to. try and kill the young hoppers. So far, he believes the working up 'icceived by farm lands has cloured thorn of the pest. 