A FORWARD MOVEMENT. THE IMMIGRATION QUESTION. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE PREMIER. LARGE SUM TO BE SPENT ON ADVERTISING. AGENT-GENERAL'S OFFICE TO BE REORGANISED. AN INFLUENTIAL DEPUTATION. An important statement was made on Tuesday by the Premier to a deputation representing the primary industries of the State which waited upon him for the pur- pose of pointing out to him the prospect of an unprecedented deficiency in the eup ply of suitable labour, and urging the adoption of such steps as would secure the introduction to Queensland of suffi cient labour to meet the demands of the agricultural and dairying industries. The deputation consisted of Messrs. G. H. Pritchard (secretary) and W. A. Cribb (the Australian Sugar Producers' Associa tion), lieutenant-Colonel Rankin, and Messrs. A. L. Petrie, J. D. Campbell, Herberleon, White, D. Koogh, Walker, G. P. Barnes, Hanran, Roberts, Redwood, Gray son, Paget, Swayne, 6todart, Appel, and Armstrong, MM.L.A. Lieutenant-Colonel Rankin said the de putation consisted of representatives of the farming, dairying, and sugar growing interests of the State, and they wished to impress upon the Premier the necessity of providing that labour which was neces sary to those interests. With the object of placing thtir views before the Premier in a concrete- term they had drawn up the following minute :—" In view, of the prospect of the unprecedented deficiency in the supply of suitable labour, which thicatens the primary industries generally, and recognising that upon the success of these industries depends the welfare and prosperity cf the State, this deputation 'would rmpoctfully impress upon your Go vernment the urgent necessity for imme« diately taking such steps as will secure the introduction to Queensland, at the earliest possible moment, of sufficient suit able labour to meet the pressing require ments of the agricultural and dairying in dustries. In order to do this we would respectfully submit :—(1.) That these labourers be carefully selected from, pre ferably, the United Kingdom and the north of Europe by thoroughly competent ageuts who from their own observation and experience know the requirements of these industries in this State. (2.) That these labourers be brought out and landed as required at the different ports of Queensland, free of charge, and be at liberty to make their own engagements. 13.) That this immigration be so regu lated as to meet the requirements of the primary industries generally, taking every care to avoid increasing the ranks of the unemployed." Continuing, Lieutenant-Colonel Rankin said it might be argued that during kst Beason the supply of labour was equal to the demand. He admitted that in many instances that was so. But they had ample illustrations of cases where the sup- Sly was anything but equal to the demand. !ut whatever last season might have been conditions were likely to alter very much. To begin with the Government had brought down a very large batch of railways, which would give employment to a very large number of men. But where were they going to get them ? It seemed likely Uwt the employment of so many men on tne ra lway« would seriously injure the primary industries. If men could make Ba., 9&., or 10s. a day working on a railway line it was not to be expected that they would work at agricultural or dairying pursuits or on a sugar field for lower wages. The com petition for labour would certainly become very keen. Speaking as a sugar planter he assured the Premier that they had no ioTea of flooding the market so as to makr cheap labour available. That was not their object, and as a minimum rate of wages was fived by the Federal Govern ment, it would be impossible for them to get cheaper labour by this means. Refer riug to the Premier's own proposals, issued in October last, he said he doubted vtry much whether they could be effectively carried out. As far as they could see, nun were very chary about indenting labour from the old country. On the broad prin ciple it wag not quite a fair thing that men should have to indent labourers at £5 per head when it was considered that after twelve months these men became absorbed amongst the general population of the State. It was not fair that one single class should have to pay for these men. That was a flaw in the present sys tem. Another unsatisfactory state of affairs might also be pointed out. It was a very simple thing to ask them to pay down £5 to indent a man, but they haJ no guarantee that that man would prove suitable for the work. If he proved to be unsuitable the employer not only lost his £5, but he had to pay the man for the whole twelve months, even if he was not tprth his • bait. As to the need for more people they were all of one opinion, and the question did not require atrguing at all. That was clearly exemplified by Mr. Kidston him self in his speech on the Land Bill. That speech was tlhe vary strongest argument that they could bring forth. We were supposed to be going ahead, but the vital statistics of Queensland showid a state of affairs which was almost appal ling. During the last ten years the num ber of births exceeded the number of deaths by 81,000, whereas our population lisvd increased by only 60,413. We were Dot even marking time, or keeping op to the natural increase. It had to be regretfully admitted that we were going backwards. All these things were very strong arguments in favour of a more vigorous immigration policy than. Queens land hod bad for many a Jong day. They did not wish tlhe Premier to get a wrong impression, and he repeated that they were distinctly opposed to flooding the labour market. They were merely desirous of .securing a sufficient supply of labour to meet the requirements of the primary industries. A very wise sugges tion wa3 embodied in their minute in. regard to the selection of suitable immU grants by thoroughly competent agents. They did not want the men to be chosen in a haphazard fashion, even by the Agent-General. It would be more to their interest to send borne as agents from here men who would be acquainted witih the conditions, and would be less likely to make a mistake in their selection o£ suitable men. He hoped that the Premier would carefully consider their proposals, especially in view of bis coming visit to tlhe United Kingdom. Mr. Campbell regretted tihat they had not more time to ventilate this im portant question* and pointed out tihat the House would meet tin half an hour. They would therefore be obliged to cur tail tlheir remarks. This was unfortun ate, because at present the immigration question transcended all ?there when it was looked at from an> industrial stand point). Nobody who clabnied to be a statesman could help feeling concerned at the position which would lie ahead of them if thongs were allowed to go on as they had for some considerable time. He urged upon the Prem:«r to give full effect to bis policy of last year. If he had the courage to give effect to that, and displayed a desire to improve the destinies of this country, he would earn the good will of everybody in it. But without a bold for ward policy of that kind this country was going to become a laggard in the forward race in which they should en gage. The Government had tabled about eight railways, and, he understood, more were to follow. If they intended to push forward with these, «nd with those which had already been passed, then their con struction, would absorb a great lot of labour. This would be admitted when it was remembered that during the last election Mr. Kidston said that he would have been able to take up a lot of sur plus labour had the railways been passed. The employment of large numbers of men on railway works would assuredly lessen the supply available for the primary in* duatries. In connection with the laying of the Northgate- Ipswich line, he knew of private works being paralysed by the flight of the men to the railway works. If the railways were to be pushed on, where were the men to come from ? If they were to be taken from the primary industries it would be a serious blow to them. The trouble in regard to insufh cient labour already existed, and unless more people were imported it would be come accentuated. He did not believe in the policy of a certain party that every immigrant should have a job provided for him. If that policy were pursued the country would be humbugged, and would never get ahead. In the eighties there were not the same opportunities nor the same facilities for finding openings as obtain to-day ; then immigrants had to find their own positions, and yet the country went ahead splendidly. As the Premier was going home, it would be a fitting opportunity for him to get into touch with the classes most suitable for immigrants, and he trusted that he would make an effort to do so. Mr. Paget. said there was a very great scarcity of labour throughout the whole State. Mr. Kidston: What about your own district ? Mr. Paget said that where there was • prospect of an inefficient supply of labour the acreage cultivated was reduced, and the State suffered. The sugar industry was saved last season <by the action oi the producers in indenting aibout 600 labourers. Those men were now scattered over the State. Mr. Kidston : Is it not possible to keep these men from going South by giving them small areas of land at a reasonable price ? Mr. Pttget sard an effort had been made to do thU, but it was difficult to accomplish', for the men were of a roving disposition.. Mr. Kidston : The sugar industry can not be satisfactorily worked by casual labour. Mr. Paget said the men brought out under the Government's scheme had not proved satisfactory., He instanced the case of one indented" • " agricultural" labourer who had been brought up at Poplar, and said what was wanted was an agricultural claw of immigrants. The Pre mier's scheme had not .proved a success, and this was shown by the fact that a large number of those brought out last year were not now in the employ of those men who had paid for their introduction. Mr. Swayne said there was a threatened scarcity of labour in the Mackay district. Mr. Kidston interjected that his infor mation showed that there had not been any scarcity in the district. Mr. Swayne said that in the absence of sufficient labour the acreage under sugar had been decreased. He read several letters from sugar planters expressing dis satisfaction with the staite of the prospects of the ladbour market. Messrs. Gray son, Armstrong, and Red wood 'briefly supported the arguments ad duced, and the latter apologised for the absence of Mr. Mackintosh. Mr. Kidston said that ♦ Lieutenant- Colonel Rankin had made out a very strong rase, as had also Mr. Campbell and the other speakers. He wanted them to understand that he was not in any eens? careless or indifferent on this mat ter. It was eminently desirable that w* should fill up this great empty territory. but he had not time to deal with tihe matter at length. They (had to consider the desirableness of filling the State, but they had also to consider the matter from the position of both the employers and employees. He had been trying to find out what the position was in regard to the sugar industry. If farmers and sugar mills had any difficulty in finding men this season it was entirely their own fault. The men who coufld get employees landed here for £5 lhad no reason to cry out. Mr. Armetrong : There is no guar antee as to the quality of the men before they arrive. Mr. Kidston said they would be very much more bkefly to be unreliable if tiie system were made a free one. He was not going to start an indiscriminate sys tem of immigration which would simply flood Queensland with undesirables from the old country. Voices : We do not want that. We want selected men. Mr. Kidston : I may tell you some thing further. One of my chief purposes in going to the old country at the pre sent time is to advertise Queensland prim arily—(hear, hear)—and to set about it in a systematic way, and to spend money on it, and to (have it done as it ought to be done. (Hear, hears.) It is like all other kinds of advertising- This is a matter on which I would rather spend £50,000 than spend £5. If it is not worth doing well it is not worth doing at all. I want also io reorganise not only . the Agency-General in London, but to get better and more central premise*, and work it more on business lines by adopting methods more suitable to modern requirements. I want to break it up into a number of agencies in different centres, and to advertise Queensland all over Eng land, Scotlaifd, and Ireland. Air. Keogh : Don't forget Germany. Mr. Kidston : We will go to Germany later and try. and also get Danish and Swedish immigrants. They are just as good as our own peopleyperhaps in some respects better —but it k as well to go amongst our own people first. First, there is a system of advertising Queensland which will cost a good deal of money, and which will inaugurate a steady stream of immigrants to Queensland. If Queensland were in a proper condition in relation to the old country, we should have 20,000 families a year instead of the practical stoppage that has taken place. But we arc down in the estimation of the old country, and have been down for years, and it needs a very great effort to lift us back into such prominence as Canada. Mr. Redwood : Canada's is the system. Mr. Kidston: That is exaotSy what we want to adopt. I am primarily want* ing farming immigrants—not only labour* era, but farmers, men who have amall capital, or large capital, for that matter. That will involve the immigration of a larga number of farm labourers, and arti sans will follow later on. We want an agricultural class firet. One of my pur poses in going' home is to inaugurate this system. We can succeed if we go about it in the right way. I have been asked to have some kind of Jubilee Exhibition in Brisbane next year, and I was very much taken with the notion until I went to New Zealand and saw what it cost. I can do much more good by spending £40,000 to £80,000 in advertising Queens land in the way I propose. (Hear, hear.) We ought to celebrate the jubilee of Queensland next y?ar, but so far as tlhe Government is concerned it will be at a small cost. If the public men wf Queens land are wise at the present time they will boom Queensland in Europe to such an extent as ha« never (happened before. Let the world know what it kr. Lieuten ant-Colonel Rankin mentioned that a man who paid £5 to bring out an immigrant added a citizen to the State at lh:« own expense, but it might coat the State £50 to bring that man here with his family. The 600 men who were brought out here saved the situation in the Northern fields —at Port Douglas and at Cairns. With re gard to the sugar industry, it is now in an uncertain condition. The industry might be practically ruined by the Fed eral Government, and nothing that the State Government can do will affect it. Far more than scarcity of labour prevents sugar growers from planting. Mr. Cribb : The cessation of the Excine and bounty will help us. Mr. Kidston : The Federal Government will be very pleased to hear that. lam going to take the question of advertising Queensland in hand, and I am quite sure that my rearrangement will enormously increase the number of immigrants from the old country. I propose to do every thing that is wanted.- I ask you to be lieve me When I say that I feel seized of the great importance of this matter, and I will do my very best to inaugurate a sufficient stream of emigration from tha old country to Queensland. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Barnes: Will that take pkce early? If so, the farmers will increase their areas of wheat on the Down*. Mr. Kidston : When I cay these things I mean tfhem. The deputation thanked the Premier for the information afforded them. 