AUSTRALIA AND THE WORLD. It Is good for Australians to travel, if only for the reason that they are thereby enabled to get their own country into some thing like perspective. On the one hand, it enables them to see how relatively un important Australia is In the great affairs of the world in which mass of population counts. On the other hand it causes them to appreciate the many points of advant age which their own country possesses oyer most other countries as a place to live and work in, and to realise with something like adequateness the range or its potentialities as a purveyor of foods to the world's larder. In this connection the remarks made by Mr. R. J. Guthrie, the agricultural writer of the 'Sydney Mail,' at the dinner to him in Sydney a few days back, have a special interest. Mr. Guthrie has just returned from an ex tended tour of Europe and America, hav ing, while away, taken pains to look at things with an eye fortified for comparison ; by a practical knowledge of Australia considered as a producing area. His ver dict will be pleasing to those who have ; always had the utmost confidence in their own country. 'Mo where in all my travels : through Denmark* France, Germany, Can ada, England, and the United States,' says ? Mr. Guthrie, 'have I found a country with brighter prospects for the men who culti vate the soil than in Australia.' Mr. Guthrie's experiences abroad enabled him to appreciate ' more vividly than he had ever done before what a great asset this country possesses in the sun. The compari son between Canada and Australia is, of course, an inevitable one, inasmuch as Can ada. is -usually regarded as the pace-maker in the race for development In view ot our own bad habit of speaking in exag gerated terms of the deficiencies of our rainfall, it is not surprising to be told that people abroad, in so far as they know any thing of Australia at all, are inclined to associate this country In their minds wictt conditions of chronic mnd desolating drought. As a matter of fact, if we take our droughts at the worst, and consider them entirely in the light of calamities (which they are not), it would probably be found that our losses from this cause are lighter - on the whole than the losses in most of the countries visited by Mr. Guthrie from storm and tempest such as we are scarcely ever troubled with. And tliis is apart from droughts, for they are subject to their droughts too, although they may not assume so extensive or eo dramatic a form as they sometimes do in Australia. In all ' these countries of north ern latitudes a big bite, is taken from the agricultural year by the winters, which, Jiowever, involve no interruption to work with us in many districts, and hardly even call for any special provision. Indeed, the comparison between our own conditions and those of the cold countries forces the reflection as to how much our losses from dry . spells might be minimised were our people to make the same provision for these periods as the farmers and grazie rs of these other lands are obliged to make every year to carry their stock through the . winters. In Canada, as Mr. Guthrie reminds us, the agricultural working months can hardly be said to cover more than a third of the year, and the mere fact that Canada, with climatic disadvantages very much more serious than any fairly debitable against Australia, should still be able to attract immigrants by the hundred thousand every year, is surely evidence that we might expect to do at least equally as well in this regard, did we set about the business of getting more people in the same systematic way. As to the methods followed by producers in other countries, Mr. Guthrie's remarks were interesting, and readers of the 'Mail' will have the opportunity *of reading a series of articles which he will contribute to. its columns. While we can claim to be actually, ahead in some respects there id still a good deal which we could learn from the practice of others. In the butter in dustry, for instance, Denmark, which has already taught' us, in company with the rest of the world, so much of what we know in regard to high- ctass butter pro duction, is still capable of giving us n point or two in co- operative action and in marketing. Just at the present time when an extension of the co-operative principle as applied to butter marketing to London is understood to be in contemplation, the Danish system, as it is in operation to-day, can scarcely fail to appeal to the interest of those concerned in the industry here. But whatever the particular system cr marketing the Dane happens to adopt, It is important that our .producers should note that the great secret of the success »-t Danish butter in the British markets lies firstly in its uniformity of quality, and in the second place upon the regularity ot supplies. The mere fact that Australian butter is only before the British public for one season of the year is not an ad vantage from a marketing fwinr of view. As our dairy production expands, and the. winter supplies become greater than tue Australian market can absorb, it will, oi course, be necessary for us to continue our export throughout the whole year. This is a development, which is inevitable in the very near future, even though we go on in the same way as we are going now. The Danish farmer, however, can teach as a lesson in the way in which he distri butes his supplies more or less evenly over tlie year. This is chiefly a matter of regulating the milking periods of the herds, and if the pane, with his severe winters, is able to keep up his average in the win- : ter time, Australian dairy farmers, with j the Australian climate again in their | favour, should not have much difficulty in j doing so. But, however, that is only one ! of many matters we in Australia may learn something of from the study of conditions I on the other side of the world. 