AGRICULTURE IN VICTORIA. BY T. K. DOW. Rains came at the right time in Victoria this season, but they were altogether too light to give us an autumn growth of grass. We have been hoping for a heavy rain to remedy this defect of the season, but tho situation is now almost past hope. It is now too late for us to have a good grass sea Eon— how bad the season is to be will de pend upon how long tne mucu-u«eucu uu»u pour Is delayed. Owing to the fact that the majority of Victorian farmers depend to a large extent upon sheep, cattle, or dairy cows, a dry autumn is an agricultural dis advantage, quite apart from the effect upon cereal and other farm crops. Root crops suffer, but the effect upon the cereal harvest Is inconsiderable. The getting in of the ? ,_ ? i- a-r«»»«^ Tin+ nnf nr«*v«=nt.*»rJ. gralll UiUj/O IB UC*»J'1TV*, who —w j.'* v ' v ? » and no disadvantage is experienced that can not be compensated for by a favourable winter and spring. Upon the large number of beginners on closer settlement blocks a second unfavourable season will have a very serious effect, greatly increasing the list of those who are unable to meet their engage ment with the Land Settlement Board. CK-LD STORAGE IN MELBOURNE. Happily the negotiations between the Go vernment and the City Council in regard to renewing tbe lease of the cool stores have not yet closed. An important discussion of the subject is to take place this week, and producers will be disappointed if the Govern ment withdraws its control from an estab lishment which has done so much to place the export trade in perishable products upon a satisfactory footing. It is unlikely that the City Council would be able to conduct the stores as economically or with such re gard to the interests of the producers as the well-organised staff under Mr. Crowe, the Government Superintendent of Exports, and a private company would probably be a syndicate consisting of two or three owners of existing' private refrigerating establish ments. There is little danger of such a monopoly unduly raising the cost of re frigeration, for the competition of Sydney and other ports would be a check in thi3 direction ; but a more serious menace might present itself in the shape of a powerful trust controlling all the available cold storage accommodation. No buyer can operate for the purchase of perishable pro duce who cannot command cold storage, and consequently a truBt controlling the refriger ating space of the port would be able to place the seller at a serious disadvantage. Sellers of fat lambs had a taste of this last spring, when an accident to the machinery closed for a time the Government cool stores. It may be necessary for the Government to run the stores even if at a loss, in order to main tain healthy competition in the interests of producers and those shippers who do not possess cold stores of their own. THE BEST MARKET. There are a number of retired farmers liv ing in suburban villas, and as successful men they can give one valuable information. One of the wealthiest I know was asked last w^ek at the bowling-green what had been the foun dation of his success, and I wiBh a lot of Victorian farmers had heard him answer. It was to the effect that early in his career ho had learned the advantage of providing a market on the farm for most of his crops. 'I thought I could do better than keep teams and men carting hay into Melbourne. I did away with the carting, and bought cows,' he said, and explained that he cultivated as much ground as before, but sold only the produce of his herd. He also explained that It was harder to do so then than now, for dairying at that time was a laborious occupation. This successful .farmer further expressed the opinion that his system would be more suc cessful now than when he made his money, owing to the markets for butter and other animal products being better than they wtsre. He laughed when he was reminded that a faw years ago the Victorian Agent- General was asked to get the Danish butter-makers to buy compressed fodder (hay, chaff, oats, and bran) from the farmers of this country. UNIMPROVED LAND. r Those State Governments which maintain agencies in Melbourne for the purpose of se curing farming settlers from Victoria are well satisfied with the results, and our Govern ment refuses to make land available on th« grounds that 'the wants of our own people must be supplied first.' As a matter of fact, the wants of our own people are neither belag supplied first nor last. On two or three of tie closer settlement estates land was reserved for Immigrants, and the land was ploughed In readiness. In one case 1000 acres were also sown with oats and barley. This was not supplying our own people first, but no im migrants would take the land, which was that offered to our own people last, who would not take it either. This proves that neither our own people nor immigrants want Unproved land; but that they want unimproved Crown land is demonstrated by the fact that 'our own people,' as well as immigrants, are set tling in the States which offer unimproved Crown land. A Victorian member of the Federal Parliament said last week that the only way to get immigrants was to build a bouse on eaca block of land for them. It is strange that every way Is suggested except the way which is successful in every country in the world to which immigrants are attracted. If we made our 12 million acres to Crown lands easily available for settlement, this would be pro viding for our own people first, for they are already here. It would also provide for the immigration of many years. THE FAVOURED ANTIPODES. The result of tho first Victorian fruit ship ments for the season is interesting to others than the orchardists. Cablegrams state that Cleopatra apples brought 12s 6d to 15s 6d per case In London, Jonathans from 12s 6d to 16s per case, with a few up to 18s per case; while other sorts ranged from 8s 3d to 15s per case. It is stated that the total cost of packing, shipping, etc., amounts to 5s 3d per case. The prices are about the same as last year, but the pears are selling better, up to 17s 3d per case. The Victorian expert states that this shipment by the Bri tannia was far from perfect, some of the fruit being Immature. As there is a shortage of American apples, the prices are expected to Improve. We often hear of Australia's dis advantage in being bo far from London, but it pleases us to say little about our unique adavntage in being just where we are — at the antipodes. We have fresh apples when North America, Europe, and Northern Asia, or the whole northern world, have none. It is the same with our grass- fed spring- lamb and the fresh butter of our spring pastures. They come when the northern world with ite vast poulations is bound in the frost and snow of winter. We are not only winterless, 1 but the time of our productive sprinc, sum mer, and autumn gives us a special ad vantage in the markets for our products. We are patriotic, but when will our patriotism take the form of always speaking well of our country? 