DAIRYMEN'S ASSOCIATIONS NEEDED. Tho dairying industry has advanced very rapid ly In this Stn to during the past decade, nnd it is capable of very great expansion and of becoiTtirig muoli more profitable' than it is at present to the great, majority of its operators. Here and tlioro i\vn In ho fmim! ivrnrrvnesi vn niwl man' Who business and up-to-date methods, and ?got bettor .profits' per acre of land utilised than neighbours placed in similar or superior natur Sil con (lit. ions. The following particulars havo 'just boon' published concerning the success of a ' dairyman in the Dungog district. 'Since tho dairying industry got a hold in the Dungog distriot. there havo been marked signs of prosper ity amongst all who lmve gono in- for it, in a systematic way. Mr. S. V. Smith, of Bandon Grove, who has been highly successful, mainly through grading his cows, and keeping tho tests of .various animals from timo to timo, has sup plied 'the following returns i— For six months ending July 3 liu lias supplied 70001b of butter, for. which tho gross roturn was £9^4, and after paying carriage ho had a oloar profit for tho six months of .£338. The maximum numbor of cows milked at any time during the six. months was '48, and the minimum !18, tho averago boing. about '45 throughout tho half-year. The averago of but ter foi; eaoh cow for tlio poriod mentioned was 117.51b, which, .\vhon sold,, avorngod;. Jit . 13s 2d por cow. For the period of tho following throe Months ending .September 2G, lio has ' supplied 27011b butter, ami roooivod gross returns of JJldO, ovhioii, after deduction of ' carringo, shows a oloar profit of J214!),'. Reports of this oliaraotor are f 1'equontly 'being published . oonoorning . tho sue Cosses of individual . dairymen, and in almost every district; thoro aro a few whose 'returns from tlioir dairyliords are a long way above tho aver age for tho 'l'oninindur of tho liords in thoir diR triot. Through the press,' and through various agencies of tlio Agrinultuval Da'partmont, a' great deal of information is .available as to tho way in .?whioh greater successes could . bo aohiovod, but fltili tho lovelling up t-f tho industry procoods all too slowly.1' A few will push thoh^Avay, forward 'dosplte ail'diRndvantngos and diflloultios, but tlio Kroat .majority esjieoially. nood tho benefits of -comliinatiou and co-operation to make tho ljost .nsts of, tho opportunities whioh tho industry pro tvidos. Associations aro muoli moro easily oar riotl on in towns, than in mattered country dis tricts, where long distances liavo frequently to bo travelled, and loisuro hours are few. There is, however, so much to be gained by live associa tions, that dairymen generally should bo willing ?to take (ho trouble for the sako of the ltiward. ^Associations could bo made lo provido a vory use ful means of communication between the opera tors of the industry and the Agricultural Depart ment, making the latter a much greater direct benefit to the industry. Denmark hns made wonderful strides in the dairying industry during the past two decades, nnd tho watchwords of Danish success have been education and coopera tion. When our dairymen grasp the idea of what is to be gained by the education in tho best agricultural methods of the day of the rising rural generation, agricultural continuation schools will be found in every dairying district throughout the State. Associations are needed to secure tho general systematic testing of tho dairy herds. At present a large amount of labour is constantly going to waste through the rearing and handling of 'robber' cows. It should be tho business maxim of every person dairying for profit that every member of his herd must pass tho test of the Bubcock tester boforo it is nllowed a perma nent place in the herd. Associations that tako up this Very needful work of general systematic, skilled testing should be able to socuro some amount of Government assistance and encourage ment. When this testing becomes as general as it should be, a largo number of sires at present engaged in perpetuating tho race of 'robber' cows, will receive notice to quit, and profitable bulls will bo much ill demand. By tho agency of associations, dairymen should bo able much more effectively to provide thomsolvos with tho sires absolutely nocessary to tho building up of a profitablo dairy liurd. Associations aro need ed for political as woll as purely industrial ron- 1 sons, ns politics have much more to do with tho I success of the industry than many persons sup- 1 pose. Associations could make correct represen- j tations to the Government as to the amount of ] labour needed, and could co-opcrato with tho ! Government, both in securing and placing immi grants. With improved dairying methods much of tho present excessive child labour could bo got rid of, and adult labour could bo paid for. With i this 'would come an immenso demand for labour on dairy farms, which would give profitable om- J jjloymont to large numbers of tho unemployed or j partially employed in the old country. Only j a few of tho many good purposes that would bo served by tho establishment in every dairying ; district of dairymen's associations havo been men- , tionod, but tlieso aro so important, that tho move- ? ment should be regarded as imperative. Tho di rectors of co-oporntivo butter factories might do j inuoli to aid in tho formation of dairymen's asso- ' ciations. Tliey know from experience 'gained in , tho management of thoir factories how much . room for improvement there is throughout the industry in tho cultivation nnd conservation of fodder, testing nnd culling of herds, provision of profitable sires, sanitary requirements in i dairies, and thoy know that well-managed usso- j ciations could bo made to bring about wonderful j improvements throughout tho industry.' Pro gressive dairymen havo no reason to fear tho com petition of other first-olaBB dairymen. Thoy have most to fear from tho careless and incompetent, whose inferior cream lowers tho standard of . butter produced, ''and injures tho industry goner- j ally. Tho hard.tmd constant work, .entailed by . tho conditions of tho industry should bring larger j profits, nnd woll-conduoted . dairymen's nssocia- ' tions in' ovory dairying district should help to bring about this desired and desirnblo end. | , . . ' ? I 