\- OUR LONDON LETTER, ' i ... iv" ifiioji oun conriEsi'ONDENT.j LONDON. 17 tb April. England may yet make itself to a large extent independent of foreign and colonial daiiy produce supplies. An indication of what might be done by Government find municipal intervention in the direction ot securing hind on easy teams for agricul tural purposes is given in the first results obtained by the new Small Holdings Act. The small holders themselves will not, per haps, achieve much Iieyond earning a bare living, but an extension of tlie legislative principle which is bringing tliem into being, combined with tho Danish system of co operation, might produce a great improve ment in English agriculture within a few years, especially if -moderate protection wqre at the same time introduced. There certainly appears to bo afar greater hunger for small allotments than was supposed to exist before the passing of the law which gave the local municipal councils au op portunity to test the popular demand.' Lord Cnrrington states that already 210,000 acres has been applied fur, and that the great majority of the applicants are "men emi nently fitted to become small holders." in Dorset there are 20G, possessing between them via, 1 inn ens!:, addition to fann ing implements. I11 Hertfordshire there are 140 applicants, with £11,590 capital; in Hereford, ISO applicants, with £9009 ut command; in Cheshire, ISO applicants, pos sessed of no less than £20,895. The total area of land applied for in the four comi ties is 14,000 acres, and Lord Carriugtou thinks it is within the mark to say that the applicants can put at least £5 per -acre into the land they are ready to cultivate. In an eastern county, which he does not name nt present, 500 acres is wanted, and the applicants in this ease have an average of £90 capital each. Evidently there are still many English' agriculturists of some means who resist all inducements offered to them to settle in Canada, Australia and New Zealand. Lord Carrington explains that it will be difficult to meet the great sudden rush for small holdings under the new act, but he seems confident tbut the applicants will be .conteut to wait till they can be served in turn.' The gold resources of Australia are cerr tainly to be made sufficiently manifest to visitors to the Franco-British Exhibition. In addition to a general trophy contributed to- by the Government of the Common wealth as a whole and placed in tbo_cen; tral hall, each of the States is - to have a separate tropliy of its own. Mr. J. M. Davies, the first of the Victorian com- missioners to arrive, has given instructions for the erection of a tall arch, represent ing in its bulk the whole of the gold raised in Victoria since the beginning of the industry. This, trophy will be more impressive as to size than any of ; the others, including that in the central hall, which will make no pretension to repre sent the bulk production of gold in Aus tralia. New South Wales is erecting a "Temple of Wealth," which will be 20 feet in height, and will serve as a "casket" for gold und gems to the value of £40,000. As the time for tlie opening of the exhi- bition approaches every day brings with it some frckii statistical revelation of the magnitude of the whole concern. No Jess a sum than £2,000,000, it now appears, has been sjjent on the preparation of the main (buildings at .Shepherd's Bush, and it is estimated that they will be tlie repositories of exhibits to the value of £5,000, OUT). Some time ago it was said that the side shows would not cost more than £200,000, but their number has since been largely increased, and it is calculated that they will entail an expenditure of nearly £500,000. The transport facilities will render it possible for 1,000,000 visitors to go to the exhibition on any given day. It is not likely, therefore, thai the network, of trains, 'tramways,! bihnibnses and other vehicles will be at any time unduly strained. Air. Kiralfy's confidence in the revenue possibilities of the exhibi tion is steadily rising. His first estimate was that the daily attendance would be from 60,000 to 70.000. He now believes that lie will frequently have 100,000 per sons per day. Good progress in tho construction of (be new Orient mail steamers is reported. Tlie keels of those recently laid down in the yards of the Fairfield and Clydebank com panies are coipplete, and in tlie London and Glasgow Engineering Company's yard the keel of another is well advanced. Messrs. Workman Clark -and Compauy have con tracted to build tlie fourth liner, and will shortly make a start 011 it. At preseut their hands are full, but materials for the Orient ship are being accumulated iu their yards and prepared for rapid construction as soon as a slip becomes avuilable. Eucli of tlie now steamers will be, approximately, of 12,000 tons register and .12,000 horse power, and will 'have berths for upwards of 400 suloou passengers, in addition to ample third class accommodation. Tlie company stutes that "provision is being made for the carrying of Government emigrants or troops on a large scale when required," and the steamers will be equipped with wireless telegraph .instruments as soon as signalling stations have been erected on- the Aus tralian' coast. A number of Liberals have taken advan tage of 'the changes in the political cOTtrol of the Colonial Office to revive the proposal —a proposal recently shelved by Lord Elgin— that the imperial Government should endeavor- to arrive at a better under standing with tlie self-governing dominions on the question of Asiatic immigration. It is suggested that the absence of anything like a clearly defined Imperial policy with respect to tlie Eastern races is both incon venient and a source of danger. Various arguments on the subject have been ar rayed in a letter published by Air. Munro- Eorguson, ALP. for Lcith Burghs, Air. E. T. Cook, aiid others. "There is doubtless," they say, "an apprehension current in cer tain colonics that, by entering into discus- sioiPori this matter, they '.thereby commit themselves, to a reopening of tlie question on which they have, definitely made up their minds, whether their country is to be a white man's country. This is not neces sarily so. Tho chief danger in tlie present circumstances is not so much the exclusion of our Indian fellow subjects - or of our Oriental allies and friends from some of our colonies us the uncertainty which exists 011 the subject. We proclaim in India that all are equal uiUler tlie British rule, and then our subjects find on going to certain colon ies that this is not so. It may. be best that ' tlie distinction of color should be drawn, but it. requires definite statement, so that we may noi seem parties to a deception, ,und tlmt alt concerned may know it. Or we and some of our colonies may become pni:tics to a treaty with a foreign power, giving free access to eacli other's' countries, and wo may find afterwards that full oppor tunity is not given for the exercise of this privilege." Therefore, it is urged, a special couference of all the British. States con cerned should be held without delay to dis cuss the whole subject; so that, by mcuns of a common exchange of views, "all parts of the Empire should be enabled to count the cost, not to themselves alone, but also to all the other parts, resulting from any policy which each may adopt." No country can' be seriously or perman ently hurt which maintains great rural in dustries— this is the conclusion arrived at by Air. Seymour Bell, the chief British commercial agent in tho United States, after an exhaustive survey of tlie recent financial crisis in that country. He sIiowb that before the crash of lust year specula tion in mining and real estate and personal extravagance had been curried to extra ordinary lengths; and »- money for busi ness purposes grew scarce and popular con fidence in the management of some of the large financial institutions in New York de clined a panic became inevitable. Air. Bell thinks that the depression which has fol lowed will not be of long duration. It must not bo forgotten, lie says, that the farmers, who form the backbone of American pros- perity, have not been affected by the finan cial situation. Though the crops in 1007 fell Lelow those of 1906 in quantity, higher prices were obtained, and the farmers re ceived considerably more money for their crops, than in the previous year. "A coun try that produces crops valued at nearly £1,500,000,000 is unlikely to suffer long from industrial stagnation. It represents too large an amount to be held for long unin vested." The American farmers have had nine years of almost uninterrupted pros perity. Their buying power is high, .and the towns dependent on tliem will remain prosperous. There is an assured outlet for the products of the soil, whatever may hap pen to the urban industries, and tlie mar ket is now so enotmous at homo that the farmers have no difficulty in disposing of everything they grow. The American farm- era used to he grumblers, like most men of their class in every other country, but they have grown more contented with pros perity and witlr the increasing attention given to their interests by the Federal and local Governments. The managers of the Liberal party are visibly embarrassed by the demand of tlie Kent farmers for a -duty of 40/ .per ewt. on all imported foreign hops., They reply offi cially, of course, that it would be "rank protection" to impose such a duty, but at the same time they show tin obvious fcaz that if they do nothing to prevent tlie fur ther rapid decline -of one of the principal rural industries of the country— on industry that lias been in existence for more than three centuries, and employs a great deal of labor — tliey will lose heavily in credit. There is no getting array from the fact that many of tlie oldest hop fields in Kent arc being turned into pasture land, because it is becoming impossible to make the cultiva tion of hops pay, while the American sur plus is being thrown on the market at from 10/ to 20/ per cwt. below tlie price at which the English article can be sold. The tariff reformers who support the agitation in Kent are being accused of abandoning their principle that there muBt be no taxation of raw materials. Their answer is that the hop industry is in an exceptional position, and that they only favor the imposition of such a duty as will check illegitimate com petition— tliat is, wholesale dumping — de signed to crush the English industry out of existence. The Liberals have lately seen what the beef trust is doing, and they ure told that, like tlie beef trust, the American hop dealers aim at killing the English com petition and then getting a monopoly of the market here. Some of them have, in fact, frankly said that the English growers cannot reasonably hope to retain their market and had better turn their attention to some other occupation. The men of Kent point out that they were always ab'e to meet foreign competition so long as it was of the normal sort. The pressure to which tliey are now being subjected is un fair. An import duty lias become indis pensable to tlie continued existence of their occupation. The Government replies that tliey must await the report of the Parlia mentary committee which is inquiring into their case. The hop growers have little confidence in tho committee, as it consists of free-traders. Since the by-elections have begun to show a revival of popular confidence in the Unionist party the Government lias been begged by its friends to adopt various elec toral changes in .the interests of self- pre servation. A further attempt to deal with plural voting is one proposal. Another is that the Government should consider the advisability of adoptiug proportional re presentation. Several prominent free-traders have got an idea that the latter system would, somehow .defeat the tariff reform movement, ..although at the same time some of tliem— Lord Courtney of Penwith and. Lord Hugh Cecil, for instance — claim thati under the present admittedly defective; method of ascertaining popular opinion it- is possible at each general election to ob tain a clear direction on one or two ques tions, and that atv the election of 1900 the maintenance of free-trade was the decisive issue. This assertion as to the position oc cupied by. tlie fiscal question at the elec- tion was contradicted even by members 01 the Liberal party when they were trying to compel the -House of Lords to acccpti Air. Birrell's Education Bill about -1S months ago. Some of them declared 'onf that ocacsion that the education problem! had undoubtedly been the leading issue alts, the election. The conflict between this ad-| mission and tlie claims tliey made only all few months earlier—- when they alleged thatlj the return of the Liberals to power meant; ! "an overwhelming verdict in favor of free- | trade" — was pointed out to them, but theyj I had little to say in reply; they foresaw thab | it would be convenient to return at a later period to the .theory of a sweeping victory, for their fiscal policy. ' Lord Courtney; seems to have forgotten altogether whab was said by members of his party during the debate on Air. Birrell's bill. In repent ing his ease for proportional representation, I lie now says that the members of the Cabi- ! net know that "the majority in the Houso of Commons cannot be accepted as reflect ing any corresponding majority on the sub ject of education in the country, and in the discussion of tlio question they are em barrassed by uncertainty as to tlieic strength." He adds that they are in the same position with respect to the licensina l - question. '1 The recent Canadian official report iii ). which the Salvation Army was named an one of the agencies responsible for send ing "undesirables" to tlie dominion, baa been answered in a formal statement is sued from the London head quarters oE the army's emigration department. It ap- , pears tlmt within the last four years Colo nel Lamb and his staff have helped nearly, 40,000 persons to leave the United King dom, chiefly for Canada, and. it is claimed that the curcs of failure, among.. the emi grants do not average 1 per cent, of tho total number assisted. When the unem ployed were numerous in Toronto a few. months ago, all men and women out of work there who had entered the country under Salvation Army auspices in 19071 were invited by advertisement to com municate with a group . of local investiga tors. Some replies were said to have been received, hut the officials of the army afe Toronto report that tliey have since been unable 'to get from this local committee a list of the names of the persons in ques tion. In the statement issued in London the secretary of the Canadian .Manufac turers' Association in Toronto is quoted as saying that there, was not one Salva tion Army emigrant among the 2000 to 3000 workmen who sought employment at his office in 1907. Generally tlie reply of tlio Salvation Anny to its critics is that tlio emigrants it ponds to Canada do nob swell the floating town population, be cause invariably tliey arc either helped on to. the- laud or provided with rural' em ployment as soon as they arrive in this country. . , An interesting statement comes from; Portsmouth in explanation of a remarkable run made by the Dreadnought. In com- - ing down the coast from Rosytli she tra velled for twelve hours against the tido at 2014 knots an hour, or only half a knot less than the highest average speed she . was designed to make in ordinary steaming conditions. This fine performance against tale is reported to be the result . of tier engineer officers having discovered a new method of working the ' turbines, "the ef< feet of which is to augment considerably, the sliced obtained relatively to the power developed." Details of the "discovery"- have been reported to the Admiralty, but the public are not given any official infor mation at present. A11. amusing illustration of tlie ardors of aeroplaning, the new Paris "sport," is given by AI. Leon Delagrange, who has just beaten Mr. Henry Fannan's recent per formance on the lssy drill ground. After flying about six miles at heights varying from 2 ft. to 10 ft. above ground, AL Delagrange stopped his motor and alighted. Copious perspiration rolled off him, and he was as breathless as the victor in a hard won foot race. "I can go no further," he gasped. "To remain at tlie right height li have been obliged to keep continuously; working the equilibreur as well as the rudder, and my arms ure numb. It is .excessively fatiguing, and I shall have to get up my biceps before dreaming of accom plishing 20 or 30 kilometres." He uses an aeroplane closely resembling Mr. Far- man's, und driven by a lightly built 4Q h.p. motor. ...For tho present he is -the lmppy holder of the Archeadeon Cup fog the longest flight, and it will now bo foe Mr. Farmun to see whether he can "win. itt back from him. , 