P|^s^^^ The death is announced of the Rev. Father Hugh M'Cauley, which took place at St. Arnaud. ? ? ? Councillor William Cartwright, who lias been chosen Mayor of Loughborough (Eng.), m a stocking-knitter and continues to work at his trade. * » * Mr. KeLr Haaxfte, M.P., has been invited to visit the Transvaal by the Independent Labour Party. A reception in his honour is to be or ganised in the event of his acceptance. Patrick Rea, a Bega jockey (states an ex change), who was injured at the annual races last week, has received word that he has in herited a fortune of £11,000. ? ? ? ' ? . ... Mr. P. M'Grath, an old .resident of Graf tcn, died on Tuesday, 7th imst., very suddenly, aj the age 'of 58 years. He leaves a widow, three daughters and four eons. ? ? a The Rev. Brother- Denis, of St. Joseph's College, Hunter's. Hill, brother of the Rev. D. Gonagban, of Gcoma, has been spending a few days in the Cooma district visiting pa rents of pupils. ? ? ? The engagement is announced of Miss Car rie Moore to Mr. 'W. Proctor, of Manchester. The wedding is to be celebrated in March, and the Australian actress will retke from the stage. * * * -. :. Max Schluyter, Danish violinist, who gave a short series of concerts in Australia a few' years ago, is a passenger to America via Aus tralia, and intends giving recitals in Sydney and Me&bourne.; ? ? ? Madame Patti was always heavily insured for singing, a.nd her voice was permanently insured for £8000 against total loss by acci dent, cold, ot disease, in the same way as Paderewski's fingers are underwritten from year to year for £50,000 cash. . ? ? ? Mr. J. D. Gillespie, of Rockhanipton, has been spending portion of his Christmas vaca tion on the N.S.W. Northern rivers, .finishing up in Sydney. He reports the Richmond Biver country as a picture under the alter nate shower and sunshine it has lately en joyed. ?: i » ? ? ? Master Frank Keyesi, a pupil of the Chris tian Brothers, St. Patrick's College, Ballarat, has carried off a maj-*r University scholarship, a competition in which the standard is that of senior public honours, no books being pre scribed, so that 'cram* is out of the ques tion. ? ? ? This notice of the death of a cousin of John Ruskin appears in the 'S. M. Herald':— ROGERS.— January 6, 1908, at his son's re sidence, La Perouse, George Rogers (buil der), of Paddington, The Oaks, and La Perouse, husband of the date Maria Rogers, and cousin of the late John Ruskin, in his 79th year. Mr. S. Kissell, tbe popnlair station-master at 'Wee Waa, was on Wednesday, 8th ins-t., pre sented with a purse of sovereigns, by Mir. Coppleson, 'on behalf of the residents. He was also presented wat.li an illuminated certi-? ficate from the I.O.O.F. lodge, of whicli he was a prominent member. Mr. Kissell has been transferred to Raglan. * * a The net value of the estate oi: the late Mr. Geoi'ge M'Culioch, one of the members, of the original syndicate which owned the Broken Hill Proprietary mine, has bean proved af £375,000. Except for five legacies of £5Chl ©ach, the testator left his widow the whole oi his estate, which includes one of the fines! ; collections of paintings in Great Britain. ? * # The death is announced at Firankfurtam Main, of Professor Moritz Schmidt Metzler, I a specialist in laryngology, who operated on I the Emperor William for polypus in the throat I four years ego. He was also one of the spe 1 cialists who were summoned for a consultation I at San Remo at the time of the illness of I the Emperor Frederick. I The Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Bishop of Wi* 1 cannia, journeyed -to Adelaide to meet the I Rev. P. Power, M.R.I. A., who arrived by the I E.M.S. Oi-muz on the 6th inst. His Lordship I left next day hy the Melbourne rx-ress, .?ncl S with the Archbishop of Melbourne will t-e I tlie guest of the Right Rev. Dr. Higgius, m bishop of Ballarat, at his seaside residence at m Aoroit. 1 * * * i n^rs- Many D. Daly, widow of Augufctin jn y-y- tiho theatrical 'manager and playwright, m «'--d in New York recently. The Daly home M ]ya3 the meeting- place of actors, artists, and M htevary folk in Mr. Daly's lifetime. Mi's. M Daly was a charming hostess, and presided in the dramatic world a decade ago. Her fu nerall from St. Patrick's Cathedral was large ly attended. » » ; Mr. Charles Nuttall, tho Melbourne artist, who same time ago went to America, is doing well im that country. In a recent letter to a friend in Melbourne he says: — 'I am in good health, alnd have made money in this place. New York is exceedingly prosperous just now, and. the chances for a man who can 'deliver the goods,' as they say here, are, perhaps, better than in any city of the world.8' William J. D. Croke, LL.D., for many years Rome correspondent of this journal and or the London 'Daily Chronicle,' the 'Ca- tholic Standard and Times' (Philadelphia), 'The Catholic Times' (Liverpool), and other journals, died in Boston on November 8th, aged 38 years. He had been in infirm health for several years, and went to Boston about a month before to be with his twice-widowed mother, Mrs. Mary A- Angcfll, and his sisters. ? ? ? Miss Anna Gould, who was the cause ot the recent scene outside a Paris church, mar ried Count de Oastellane in 1897, and had three sons. She was granted a divorce by the court at Paris in November, 1906. The Count was a spendthrift.. His wife brought him a dowry of £120,000 a year, b'ut this was insufficient for h:s ' needs. At the hearing of the divorce suit he made a claim for alimony, but the application was dismissed. Mr. Cornelius Coghlan — who usually enjoys his 'otium cum digiJtate' in the bo-som of his family at- Elizabeth Bay — ha-s recently, setat 83, taken to travel. He lately spent some weeks on th*- Richmond River, where for many years he exerted 'great legal in fluence as C-P.S. Last week he revisited Singleton, where he spent many of his earlier official years, and where he received a cordial welcome from many old friends. * ? * Mr. Charles M'Alister, sencr., who died on Thursday last at his residence, Goulburn, was one of the oldest settlers and bushmen of Argyle. He was 77 years of age, a native of Edinburgh, and came with his parents' to Aus tralia when three years old. He was for many years an alderman of Goulburn, am? one of the earliest vice- presidents of the Highland Society. He recently published a volume of rpminscenr.es of the early days of the colony, entitled' PioneeringDaysin the Sunny South.' A biographical notice will appear in our next issue. t * * . * * Acute pneumonia is the illness which laid Da\ Douglas Hyde low for a time ; but he is now recovering. The chill was first contracted a'j ; a shooting party at Lord De Freyne's. The latter is a neighbour and cousin of Dou glas Hyde's. Hundreds of priests are offering M.ass (says a Catholic paper), and tens of thousands are praying, for his recovery. In no place are the prayers more earnest than at Maynooth, where this great Protestamt patriot is so beloved and esteemed. Benjamin Hughes, who was recently elect ed to a seat, on the Wexford Harbour Board, is not only the doyen- of Irish journalists, but is the last survivor of the Slaney Amateur Society that greeted Thomas Moore at Ban now in August, 1835. He was a class-fellow or D'Arcy M'Gee, and was o-ne of a Juvenila Temperance Society that assembed t'o do houour to Father Mathrw at Wexibrd on April 8fch, 1840. Ma-. Hughes was Mayor of ! Wexford in 1897. As a poet- the late King Oscar II. of Sweden won an enduring place in the literary history of his country. His translations into Swedish of Goethe's 'Torquato Tasso,' Her der's 'Gid,1' Tasso's 'Jerusalem Delivered,' and a large number of the minor masterpiece s cl Latin, French, alnd English literature per manently enriched that of his own country: He -was the author, too, of a 'Naval History o'- Sweden pnd Norway,' a 'Wair History of oweden from 1711 to 1713.' There was just a bare mention in the daily papers of the Australian cities of the magnifi oeiic tribute of public sympathy t paid to the 'me-moiy of the late Archbishop Murphy, of Hobart, on the occasion of his obsequies. In Melbourne n'ot a line was wia'cd to the papsrre about the funeral, so our contemporary, the 'Advocate,' states- Loss, than a quarter of a column was thought sufficient for the obi tuary of this remarkable figure in the Ca tholic hierarchical ranks of the Church whesa membership exceeds all other denominations. Sir Richard Poore, the newly-appointed Ad miral for Australian waters, is the fourth bar ronet of the name. He seo sd with tho Naval Brigade at Perak in 1875-76, and was men tioned in despatches and given a medal and clasp. He was lieutenant on the Invincible a-c the bombardment of Alexandria in 1882, and served in the Egyptian war of that year ami the Nile Expedition of 1884-85, and ie turned home . 'with decorations,' ao 'The Lone Hand' might say. He married in 1885 Ida, daughter of Bishop Graves, of Limerick. ? ? ? Denis O'Sullivan, tho famous Irish- Amor loan baritone and singer of Irish folk songs, was born in San Francisco of Irish parentage. Before his .recent departure from London for America Mir. O Sullivan was the recipient of a remarkable, compliment, when three hundred Irish admirers, representing all the arts and professions of England's capital, entertained him with a banquet at the Hotel Cecil., Mr. T. P. O'Connor presiding. Denis O'Sullivan is regarded in London musical circles not anly as a gifted singer, but as a wonderful versa tile musicad scholar. Australia is to have some excellent concert and dramatic attractions this year. Ada Crossley has been engaged to tour Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand in September, under the management of J. C. Williamson ; and Margaret Anglin and Henry Miller, Who have been acting for more than a year in 'The Great Divide' in New York city, are announced to tour Australia early this year with a strong company and an excdllen.t repertoire. To' judge- from her portrait, Miss Anglin is ajs handsome as she is clever. ? » ? Captain Hobson, the American naval offi cer, who has been making a bellicose speech against Japan, Avas prominently bofore tho public during the Spanish-American war in 1898, owing to a gallant exploit performed by him at the blockade of Santiago Harbour, Cuba. On Lieutenant Hobson's return to the United States after the war he was the reci . pient of a fervidly enthusiastic welcome from the people, more especially the American la dies,', hundreds of whom publicly kissed 'gal- lant Hobsdn' during tho public demonstra tions which took place in 'his honour. Lieu tenant Hobson subsequently filled several im portant positions in the Naval Department before resigning from the service in xj\j6. ? _ ? Captain Simpson, of the. Aberdeen White atar liner Moravian, is ,runv on his 76th re turn voyage from Australia. Ho has had forty-three years' service without a wreck. On one occasion, when coming to Australia in charge of a clipper, a gale was met w'hioh dismasted the ship, and loft her rolling in the seas of the North Atlantic Ocean. So re~ feouTceful. however, was the skipper at meeting difficulties that ho refused the help of a Ya-n- keu ship whan ih was offered. With the aid ol' the immigrant passengers, he rigged jury masts, and befort the American had reached Al-goa Bay, South Africa, Captain Simpson dropped' anchor in Port Phillip. Captain Smpson, has commanded ships of many types and i*i vaa-y-lng circumstances. ? ? ? ? Mme. Marconi, the mother of the f anno us inventor; is a most charming woman, who has had a 'life filled with romance. She is Annie, daughter of Andi-ew Jamison, of Daphne Castle and Fairfield, Eaniscorthy, Co. Wexford, Irelamd, and was a brilliant beauty wiith a 'marvellous soprano voice, which she decidcd: to train for grand opera against the wishes of her family. She ran away to Italy to study music. She met. Signer Marconi, an Jtalia-n banker of Bologna, and fell deeply in love with him. The marriage took pfliaca ab once, thereby depriving the world of a queen of some Mine. Marconi spends a great deal of her time in Ireland now, for not only haa she her own relatives, but she is especially fond of her soil's wife, who wasi Beatrice O'Brien, sister of Lord Ihchiquin. o ? ? The Rev. P. Power, M.R.I. A., late lecturer at De.laSalle Training College, Wateriord, Ireland, was a passenger by tho R.M.S. Oi' muz, which arrived in Adelaide on Monday, 6th insb. It is fifteen years since Fatner Power left the dioceso of Wi cannia, having been recalled by the Bishop of Watertord after about six years' arduous work at Cobar and Bourko. Having got twelve months' leave of abse'iio?, he is going to spend it in mis sionary work in WMoannia diocese. His 'Ma- nual of Religious Instruction' has been adopt ed in many dioceses in Ireland, and is com mended for its accuracy, conciseness, and cheapness1. Father Power is editor of tbe ' Archaeological Journal,'1 and has lately pub lislwxl a largo volume of names of places in County Wexford. He was met by his Lord ship Dr. Dunne at Largs Bay, and eet out next day to join the Cathedral staff at Broken Hill. ? ? ? Count Martin Maloney, of Philadelphia, went from Ballingarry, Ireland, in 1848, a penniless Irish boy. By dint of hard work be succeeded in starting a small grcoery store in Scranton. He made enough money in the verfire to open a plumbing and ?g-s- fixture establishment, which became the most impor tant concern of the kind im Central Pennsyl vania,. Through his plumbing venture ho be come interested in the pvob^ms of lighting, and being somewhat of an inventor, he per fected a gasolene- burner. Pittsburg adopted this burner in 1877, and now almost every city in the United States has taken it up. The burner started tho large fortune which ho possesses. Hb has a palatial homo hi Spring Lake, N.J., which is patterned after the Town Hall of Dublin. His daughter Oa theriaie died at sea, and to provide her with a fitting- monument, and at the some time pro vide his Catholic nei'gh bourn at Spring Lake with a place of worship, he built St. Cathe rine's Church. The Very Rev. J. B. Conmee, Provincial of the Irish Jesuits, leaves Sydney on Satur day next, by tho P. and 0. steamer Victoria if or Irelaind. » ? ? Miss Marie NareUe has been enjoying a fine holiday time in Brisbane with Mrs. It; 1. O'Doherty ('Eva0 of tho 'Nation'), whom she describes as a lady who inspires lovo and reupect at first sight. ? ? * The Rev. M. Sherin, of the Cathedral pa rish, lias recovered sufficiently from his re ? cent operation 'for appendicitis to go to the South Coast for a rest before departing for Europe on February 1st. Mr. P. Leyno, of 'Goulburn, has been on a visit to Sydney to moot his cousins, _ ather Charles O'SuBivan and Father William O'Con nor, of Killarney, Who were fellow-paEsengnrs to Australia with his Lordsihip Dr. Murray, Bishop of Cooktown. ? a ? Roger Hartigan, who stemmed the tide of -dioastor for Australia in the test match at Adelaide, was educated at tho Christian Brothers' School, Lewisham. His record as a brilliant bat and superb field secured him a place in the Australian eleven. His scores wore 48 and 116. Tho latter was made when Australia's chance of victory seemed hopeless. ROY ALEXANDER M'KECHNIE. Pupil of the Marist Brothers, Sacred Heart College, Largs Bay, South Australia, who secured first place on the general honours list at the rieeont Senior1 Examinations, thus win ning the Adelaide University Prize of £10. Ho also cjime first on the special honours list in French, and eighth in Latin- Altogether be passed in English Literature, Greek, Latin, French, Chemistry, Trigonometiry, Geometry, Arithmetic, and Algebra. e ? » The Christian Brother's' College, Perth, W.A., has in John W. Horum a pupil who does them credit. Young Horam secured fourth .place in the honours list a't tine Higher Public Examinations hold by Adelaide Uni versity committee. He was second (with cre dit) in history; third (with; credit) in Greek; fourtlh in Latin ; fifth in French ; and seventh iiT'. Pure Mathematics. The record is the best achieved- by any Wratnilian candidate, in the c:\am\nation. Mr. Hor-an is the son of Mr. W. Hbrani, a.u officer in Kalgoorlie post office, and is a. native of Brunswick (Vic), but has been resident in AVest Australia eleven years. ? ? ? From Wes'tiralian advices we learn that Dr. T. B. Bblgrave, at one time a weli-knowa practitioner in Sydney, recently died at, Perth. He arrived in Sydney in the early seventies, ?and no greater recognition of abil:ty could 'have been extended to a newly-arrived physi cian than that Dr. Fortescuo, then in tho front rank of practico, sihould malco the new chum 'locum ten ens' during his own absence on a long holiday. Dr. Bolgravo, by the Avay, was one of the earliest promoters of the Syd ney 'Daily Telegraph,' which was started on protectionist lines. 