Sracm Friday last actual boring operations | at the Roma oil tore 'bare been supendtd,: the men beiogempioyed in effecting repairs to the wire ropes, 4a- The depth of the bore at present is 3123ft., and it was ex pected that the drills wonld be aet going again last night. - .■ j ' OtJE Mitchell correspondent writesjDr. Oborn, the newly appointed superintendent of the Mitchell Cottage Hospital, arrived on Saturday last, and took ^>vfer the datiea on Monday morning. Some of the members,of. the local tennis club intend to enter for the tennis tournament in Roma next month, Judqing by the remarks at the show tsommittee meetiog on Saturday afternoon a oensns of the musioians in Roma wonld give surprising results. The matter of securing the services of a band to enliven the proceed* ings at the show was under discussion. Last year, it appears, a troupe of strolling players assured the oipmmittee that they would pro vide " sweet tnusio" for a consideration, and were engaged forthwith. This year, Mr. Brampton nrged the claims of the Roma band. " I like to enoourage local talent if it doesn't cost too much,"quoth be. "I like to enoourage local talent, too," said the* presi dent^ " but I also like to see local talent en oourage ue." Mr. McNanghtou went, on (to point out that the local band might assist the show by offering their services free. The bandsmen would be granted free admission to the grouods and a free lunah—which was a big order in itself. Someone .suggested limiting the-namber.of instruments. " Yes," said a committeeman insupport of this sug gestion, "the band has thirty members, and only about eight players." Another com mitteeman facetiously remarked that he could gain free admission and a free lonoh bycarryiog some music. The banter then ceased, and it was left to the president and secretary to make arrangements for music on show days. ' / Qum a large and enthusiastic audience gathered at the Salvation Army Barracks on Monday night to hear Brigadier Winter's address on tbe rescue and prison gate work of that organisation. His worship the Mayor {Aid. Care) occupied the ohair. Brigadier Winter, on rising to speak, was greeted with applause. He said he was pleased to be present that evening to repre sent the underworld of sin and sorrow. ! The Salvation Army's work of resoue bad been vigorously carried forward during the year, and with what suocess. the records he intended giving wonld be at least a slight indication. The Army did not believe In oreating " paupers." The cost of maintain ing the Australasian homes aggregates £87,000 each year, Of this enormous sum the homes raiised by means of industries no less an amount than £60,513, or an average i of over £1300 per week.; from Government grants and capitation fees £9.876, or an average per week of £190. This left only the small amount of £7000, or £130 per week, to be contributed by the pnbUo. There were 68 institutions scattered through out the Commonwealth and New Zealand, among which were eight prison gate homes, and no less than 1138 ex-prisoners were ad mitted daring tbe year. One of the year's I advances was the establishment of an island retreat lor Inebriates in New Zealand, A vote of thanks proposed by M>i tfisoamble, seconded by Mr. Bryant, terminated a very interesting meeting. > In Saturday's Government " Gasette" there is a nptification withdrawing from selection a large area of land in the parishes of Euthulla and* Mooga. Some of the land has been open to selection since 1901, but several portions were only made available in February last. On inquiry at the Lands office we learned that there is no definite in formation available regarding tbe withdrawal of the land. Recently, however, instructions were issued to have an inspection made of the country and a report prepsired on the best site for sinking an artesian bore in the vioinity of the Grafton range.. It is believed that the Lands Department Intends to pro* vide a permanent water supply for this land, and that it has been temporarily withdrawn from selection on that aooonnt. Should a satisfactory water supply be obtained, it is expected that the land will again be made available for settlement, the ooet of the im provements being added to the present prices. Whether resulting from a sprain or from rheumatio pains, there is nothing so good for a lame ehoulder as Chamberlain's Paib Balm. Apply it freely and rub the parts vigorously atyeacb application and a quiok cure is oertaiu. For eale everywhere.* For Children's Hacking Cough at Might. Cols weather continue* to be experienced •; at Roma, and althocgh yesterday morning broke with an overcast sky the water in the pipei, tanks, ftc., was trosen. The forecast leaned yesterday prediots further cold weather, with clouds and showers, in southern Queensland. The date of the sale by auction at Gharle l ville o£ 2600 cattle, advertised in last issue I by Messrs. M'Phie.and Co., Toowoomba, has been fixed ,for July 16. Mk. W. H. Thrnpp^has been appointed Guvernment representative on the Baogil Marsnpial Board. Thx residence of «n old woman, Mrs. M'Guinneiis, at Peak Bill, N.S.W., was destroyed, by fire lsBt week. Mrs. M'Guin* nets placed a hot buck in the bed, which set fire to the house. > . ■ . Abohbi^hop Dnone celebrated the 26th anniversary of his consecration as Bishop on Thursday last week '(says the " Age"), Needleae to say, the recurrence of the -day was largely javailed of to offer him, most thankful and cardial bobgratulations. At Launceston (Tasmania) on Thursday, John Davies, aged years, was arraigned on a charge of the wilful murder of his step* brother,' Alexander- Robinson, aged 3§, at Irish Town,.on the north-west ooast. Ac cused, who is a Bright looking lad, had his step brother obt for awalk, and bit bim oni tbebead withaatiofc/aud then placed the body in ahble. Owing to the child not understanding the plea a nolle prosequi was .entered, and &e; was ordered to be sent to the Boys' Some at Hobart. A TBJAii of a road-grader was recently made by thejGroobang Shire Council (N.S. W.) on the.formation of anoad near Bogan Gate, and 103 chainB were formed at a cost of £33 6s. 8d. The cost of doing the same amount of formation by eontraot, on the basis of -work done previously in the"vicinity, would be £110, the grader thus showing asaving of £7413*. 4d. In a favorable season, when the cost of feed;for horses would not be above the average, a •till greater saving would be effected. At the present. time the Government is devoting considerable attention to the ques- - tion of boriag for Artesian' and snb-artesian water ^applies. .Mr. Bam ley, engineer-in charge of the piablio estate improvement food, who has jaat retarned from a visit of inspection in the Chinchilla and Warra dis tricts, states that^it is not his intention to leave town agaio until he has completed ar rangements for securing the necessary plant, fie states that it is a big experiment, which no other Government in Anstralia has tackled op to the present. It was being undertaken with tbe primary object of test ing the country thoroughly with tbe Govern ment's own pliant and not to discourage pri vate enterprise in any way. At Cootamandra, N.S. W., on Saturday tnoroing, while Warder Brown was attend ing the prisoners in the gaol yard, a China man, awaiting trial on a chsrge of attempt iog to stab another Chinaman at Adelong, crept np behind him, picaed np an axe, and struck him twice on the head. Another prisoner named Stephens, tiimself awaiting trial for alleged child murder at Caroled man, wrested the axe from the .Chinaman. There is no hope of Brown's reoovery. Toe Chinaman had previously attacked Brown, biting him on the hand, and causing blood poisoning. Brown is a married mao, with a wife and two children. [A telegram on Monday stated that Brown has suooumbed to tbe injuries Jje received.] Thb "Oroya" which left London on 15th nltimo has'205 immigrants for Queensland. They consist ^f . 16 married men, 28 married women, 48 single.men, 77 single women and. 37 children. Their -nationalities are «—Eng lish 149, Irish 27< Scotch 24, Danish 2, Swedes 2, Austrian i. German 1. Their destinations are ;—Brisbane 166, Towns'-1 ville'12, Bundaberg' 9, Luoioda 6, Maokay 6, Cairns 5, Cbilders 4, Bowen 4, Bock bamptoD 3. Gerafdton 1. 100 of them, are nominated immigrants', 57 free, 44 assisted, and 5 foil payers. > The free immigrants are all female domestic servants, and are reported to bear good characters from their employers, and to be • well-mannered aud thoroughly respectable looking. The majority of the assisted passengers are farmers' with their families, and all propose. to engage in agri cultural parsnitsin the- State. Some have deposited moob more than the necessary £50 and oue family of six have nearly £500 amongst them. Despite the determined manner in which the education of the youth is pushed, despite the high intelligence which it has been onr joy to believe we possessed in this oountry (writes a New Zealand correspondent), there are still some persons about who may at least be called thick-beaded. One. of them arrived at the deoision the other day that life was. .not worth living. He became «o utterly tired of life that he bought a revol ver aijd bullets wherewith to blow.- oat bis brains, valked on to the lawn fronting a Wellington residenoe.and fired one shot into his head above the right eye and another behind the right'ear. But he found not the right spot, whera-his brains might be reached. Then be .called the inmates of the bouse, told them :his jbead was partly filled with bullets, and was taken to the hospital, where the bullets wpre extracted. The operating surgeon said? .that he had ,an abnormally thick skull, Each of the bullets was broken in two and' flattened agaiost the skull ; in fact, the ~ bullets were very mnch more damaged than the man's head. In justicp to the people of Wellington, it shonld be added that Brown oame from Dauedin. A snduL isBne of the Queensland Govern^ ment "GasettB," published under Friday's date, contains the revised regulations of tbe Department of.'Public Instruction, which now have .received Executive approval. The present regulations have besn in force since 1st July,,.1902. - The new regulations will come into operation on 1st .'January, lf)09. . Although manjr minor changes are contained in the revised regulations, the three prineipal featnres are :1. A modifica tion of the method of determining the' salaries of bead teaahers. 2. The making of two additional gradfcs of State schools by (a) reclassifying the present State sohools, and (b) by grading as State sohools, all the * existing provisional sohools, which are vested, in the department; 'and 3. The issuing of speoul .regulations for the establishment of contionatfun^elaseea. The revised syllabns of iostrnettoh wbioh oame into effect on 1st January, 1906, is found to be -working ex ceedingly well, and no change whatever has been made in the syllabns. The new soheme will involve the department in an additional expenditure for salaries of about £3,000 per annnti), and bead teaohers will benefit to thst extent. If, nnder tbe new soheme, a bead teaober is entitled to an increase, he will receive that inortase; if, 00 tbe other band, tbe amonnt of salary payable to a « head teacher is less nnder the new scheme ; than under the existing scheme, the amonnt will not be reduced, bat will be continued at the old rate, nnder certain prescribed condi tions. I. The Roma Show this year promisee to be more popular than ever; not tbe least of its attractions being tbe smart fiats and Pretty Dresses worn by the fair sex. Every lady should make a point of being well dressed on that occasion, and being well dressed means a visit to BbyaNT & MoLeas, Ltd., who are ehowing some of the moet stylish Millinery in the Commonwealth, aod • •9ta3i€t&$s« Prat KtfcrttV 