Cabls Hews. LONDON, Friday. The Corporation of Glasgow has purchased 170 acres to provide work for the unemployed. A similar ac tion has also been taken by the Liv erpool Corporation. The Japanese Prime Minister has outlined a policy of rigid economy, and holds that it will , place the ? -world's hope of peace on a surer foundation. - - « e 8 .9 The South Australian loan, under written a month ago, has been issu ed at 97^ per cent. The amount is '£2,000,000 in 3£ per cent, inscribed stock. * * * « The Board of Trade inquiry has. found that the tug Belmore was overladen when she left Port Said, that her Plimsoll-mark was submerg ed, and her stability insufficient. The Cape Legislative Council has passed the second reading of the Light Wine License Bill, the Gov ernment having previously promised to incorporate a local option clause. L ® The 'Westminster Gazette' holds that the success of the White Aus tralia policy depends on whether suf ficient numbers will be attracted to justify the exclusion of non-whites. * ti -t The Nottingham Congress, by 1,099,000 votes to 645,000, rejected Mr. Tillett's proposal in favor of arbitration and conciliation in trade disputes. A ^ 0 * 0 'A joint conference has adopted a ?scheme for the settlement of the English north-east coast engineers' dispute, and is hopeful of its accep tance. 0 P t- C Forests covering an immense area of country are Ablaze in Ontario, with the result that the important town of Fort William is threatened. * * * * An article in the 'North German 'Gazette' implies that heavy addi tional taxation is to be imposed on -articles in general _ consumption, more especially luxuries. * * * * A cricket match between Lord Lcndesborough's powerful English ' eleven and the M.C.C. team which last toured Australia, ended in a -draw. Ranjitsinjhi made a century. The, Glasgow unemployed^ held meetings at midnight, at which in \- flammatory speeches were delivered. Many subsequently attempted to march to the Lord Povost's house in one of the suburbs. ft 0 O O Commenting on Lord Dudley's ?;-n, the London 'Standard' ? 'holds that there are difficult ques tions ahead, especially the lack of population. 'Fortunately, Lord . Dudley may rely on the capacity and determination of the able and de voted men in office under him, and the _ spirit and energy of the Aus tralian people.' — 'The Standard.' LONDON, Sunday. The German manoeuvres have closed. The Kaiser was in supreme command, first with the 'Reds' and next with the ' Blues.' His side always won. At the conclusion of the manoeuvres the French 'Government gave the Kaiser permission to motor a short distance across the frontier, in order to avoid making a lon-? detour. & 0 tt e The Trades Union Congress now sit ting at Nottingham has passed a reso- ' lufcion demanding larger grants for public works for the relief of the un employed. Several speakers at the congress warned the Government that there was danger of violence during the coming winter. * « * a The immunity allowed Panitza and others of the associates of Sandansky, the notorius Bulgarian leader, in re cent murders in Macedonia, is causing anxiety to friends of Turkey. The 'Government is accused of favoritism to Sandansky, wh.i continues to levy tribute on the peasantry in the Dramer and Serres districts. ' * * * 10 'The Times' suggests that the cruiser squadron under Rear-Admiral Sir Percy Scott, after visiting the Cape should proceed to Australia. * ® 0 o Tlie champagne district of France has been devastated by mildew. It is expected that the yield will reach only '20,000 hectolitres, entailing a loss to ?growers of £1,800,000. ««00 The ' West-minister Gazette' says the new South Australian 3& per cent, loan looks reasonably cheap as a lock up investment. * 0 0 0 Germany is building war balloon stations at several places on the wes tern frontier. 0 0 0 0 The Canadian authorities have de ported 1031 immigrants, and 486 have been refused admission during the past six months. o « a The wedding of Mr. Winston Churchill with Clementine, daughter of the late Sir Henry Hozier, was celebrated at Margaret's, Westminis ter, on Saturday. LONDON, Monday. Archbishop Bourne announced the alterations in regard to the Eucharis tic procession at a mass meeting in the Albert-hall, amid a storm or howls and hisses. A body of 15,000 children met at the Victoria embankment and mar ched to the cathedral, where they re ceived Cardinal Yannutelli's blessing. 0 0 0 0 During the procession Socialists from Buda Pesth made a disturbance, and attacked the police, who drew their swords and made 40 arrests. 0 0 0 0 The Lnnd liner Waratah has been launched on the Clyde. Mrs. Taver ner the wife of the Victorian Agent General, christened the vessel as she left the -ways. 0 0 0 0 There were 500,000 visitors at the Franco-British Exhibition on Satur day. 0 0 * 0 Lord Milner, the late High Com missioner for South Africa, has sailed on a two months' visit to Canada. 0 0 0 0 Orvile Wriglit, one of the inventors of the Wright Brothers' aeroplane, has taken a flight lasting 70| minutes. 0 0 0 0 The Sultan, Mulai Hafid in a note to the Powers states that he recognises the engagement of his predecessors, notably those entered into at the Al geciras Conference. Mulai Hafid re guests recognition in order to carry out the Algeciras reforms. b 0 0 0 In consequence of the frauds perpe trated by P. Alberti, late minister for Justice, the Danish Ministry has re signed. 0 0 9 0 Lord Rosebery, replying to a corres pondent, says that an adequate means of defence ia the only guarantee against war alarms. ' No nation can afford to base its security, on the dis positions of other countries. It must, for that, rely on itself alone '. — Lord Rosebery. 0 0 0 0 In the world's chess championship match, Dr. Lasker has won three games, and Dr. Tarrasch one, while 3 games have been drawn. LONDON, Tuesday. The German Chancellor has ridi culed the idea of naval rivalry, : de claring that it is sheer nonsense to say that Germany considers England's naval supremacy an obstacle to her ambitions. 0 tt 0 0 The Porta has asked Great Britain to lend the services of Chitty Bey, adviser to the Ministry of the Interior, Egypt, to reorganise the Turkish Cus toms. 0 0O0 A Social Democratic Congress, with 15,000 delegates, is sitting at Nurem berg, in Bavaria. Mr. Quelch is one of the English delegates. . * 0 0 0 The Lancashire cotton spinners have decided to take a second ballot upon the masters' suggestion of a 5 per cent reduction from January next. 0 0 O * Postle, the Australian sprinter, won an invitation 100 yards handicap at Newcastle-on-Tvge from scratch, in three yards outside evens. * # * » The large Wesleyan schools and church at Dunstable, Bedfordshire, have been destroyed by fire. The damage is estimated at £30,000. * * * 0 An unknown miscreant attempted the lives of the family of the Italian Premier, by exploding a bomb outside their residence in Genoa. Nobody was injured. 0 0 0 0 The pope is said to have declared the prohibition of the procession of the Host at Westminister has shaken his belief in English liberty. * '0 0 * Lord Curzon's motor-car collided with another car near Sunningdale, Berkshire. Lord Curzon was thrown out, and was seriously shaken, but is progressing favorably. 0 0 0 0 During a gale and' snowstorm a bal loon, containing two Britishers, was blown from London over the North Sea. The occupants were rescued by a Dutch pilot tug. 9 *1 T 0 The Gross airship, with two aboard sailed in 13h. 2min. a distance of 300 kilometres (186 miles), without a stop page, thus beating Count Zeppelin's record. Mt 0 0 0 Mr. Churchill, President of tho Board of Trade, has prepared a scheme ' for a permanent tribunal of arbitration in British industrial ' disputes. A panel composed equally of business and labor representatives, will be created, and, if, both parties to a dispute wish it, the issue will be submitted to ex perts selected from the panel. 