NEWS IN BRIEF. ^ Captain Irwin, of tha steamer Gannet, died suddenly of appendicitis, in a private hospital in Fremantlo on Thursday. A movement, has already been started to provide for the widow of the late Captain Mallar and her four children. The hus band lost his life on Wednesday morniner while attempting ' to 'quench a fire at North Perth. ? A Midland Junction man named George Pearson was finHd .£20 on Taursdiy, for supplying sin aboriginal with beer. ' The native was sent to gaol for three days. During tha opening of Parliament in the ' Lords ' on Wednesday, an individual who was clad in the regulation soarlet-andv ^rmine, wag ejeoted. He olaimed to be t£S lawful heir to a peerage, but thia was of no avail. The ship Eolipse, bound for San Fran cisco from NewCHstle (HS.W) was aband oned at sea near the island of Hapai, one of the Tonga group, where the captain and crew landed safely. The vessel which ib a well formed vessel of 1469 tons register, leftNawcaatlo on October 16 last. ^ ? .'i^^S f?In| addition to the appointment !? of Mr Edgar Owen as Commissioner of Taxation the Government has deoidod to appoint four RBsistanto to attend to the mstterj of eollecfciny fchn fcRioR. ?* — ~— ~-*3f' 1 1 Wagin is in a bad way for & water aup ply. The residents are considering ths advisableness or otherwise of obtaining a good supply from Badjanoing, which can be effected by charging a fee of ono shil ling in the ^S on tho rateable properties in the municipality^ The work will cost nearly £5000. The s ile of lands in the vicinity of Wagin last week was a failure. In the case of mo&t; of tha properties, there wero no bids. Only one farm — one containing 360 aores was quitted. The price it real ised waB .£265, or about 14s 3 per acre. A band of 127 Germans are on th^ir way to Queensland in the Orontea. They intend to found a colony in a portion of that State, on the lines of ' Germantown', near Toowoomba, in the Darling Downs, An expedition is' being organised in N.S. Wales to explore those portions of New Guinea yet untrodden by the whites. The leadership has been Undertaken by Mr Donald MoKay, a YaeB native, who hao already ordered a number of portable can vas boats for the inland tour. A powerfully-built man named Patrick Naughton was found last Thursday night in a Melbourne yard, whioh is enolosed by a 7 tt fence. He was arrested, and as hia previous convictions were numerous, he was sentenced to twelve months. The secretary of the Domestic Servants League, in 8ydney, avers that the bnlk of the English immigrants are inferior to frecond-iate Australian domestics She states that they are unreliable, and most independent, and that although they wanted the highest rate of wages, they re fused to accept situations in the country places. Tn order to alleviate the distress among thu unemployed in Melbourne, it hao bean decided to undertake a number of road improvements by means of small contracts. T. Pyers, who turned King's evidence whsn arrested a few dBys sgo at Kaniva (Vio) for robbery, was shot at laBt Thuro« day by William Nioholls, who, when arrested, stated Pyers was trespassing on the former's premises. Pyera' body con tained ten pellets, none of which entered any vital part. Two clerks employed in big firms at Ealgoorlie are missing. A cursory exam ination of the books in each instance shows a nhortage. The German Government haa purchased from Waldemar . Poulsen, a Danish inventor, a patent radio- wireless telephonic plant. Already, messages ha'?o been received quite distinctly m Berlin from Copenhagen, a distance of 250 miles. Arrangements are being made to oend messages from Berlin to London by the Poulsen system. Tho labels on ono line of ' Mado in* i ustralia' goods exhibited in one of tha Perth ehopu on Foundation Day snowed that they were printed in New York. Caroline Franklin, a middle-aged married woman with a ' paot,' was found in a helpless state in a Coolgardie street last Thursday night. The unfortunate woman, who wao a Boston (U.S.A.). j^tivo, died shortly afterwords. An inqueat ih'tp be held. Dr. W. P. Sesd, an old goldSeldo resident, has been appointed as health ofEcer for Perth. ' Some of the dock laborers now on strike at Naples attempted to sink the vessels in the harbour on Thuraday. A fight, which subsequently occurred betweea the watar police and the otrikers, ended in several of the latter being thrown into tho water. A much-needed want, in the shape of & seven-roomed accommodation house, ia being erected at the Margaret cavoa area. A farmer near Ballarat ('Vic) iB tho posseaeor of a foal, which was born about oix weeks ago, with only one foro leg. The youngster is strong and hearty, and gets about on hio threo legs without difficulty. An eight year old boy named J. H. Barrett was killed at Broken Hill last Thursday owin$ to a breakdown in tho cart ho was riding in. Tho boy was sitting at the back of tho vehicle, when the king-pin fell out. The cart in tipping up caused a 200 gallon tank of water to tarn over the youngster, who was crushed to death. The lessess of ealt deposits at Pert Gre gory, who are the pioneers of tho industry in th« Statft, left G*»raldton by the Venus last week with a gang of men to worfc-tfhe now plant. It is expected that before long, the firm will supply Western Australia with the whole of the salt it requires for household or other purposes. Gabyon station, one of the finest and best' improved properties in the Murohioon district, has been quitted at a good round sum to Messrs Walkley and Pearson. This is by far the biggest land sale whioh has taken place during the year. It is now fairly certain that Pickering, one of Colreavy's prospecting party, has been killed by nativea. Somo blacks at M'sqaito Creek reported last week that a white man answering to the description of the unfortunate prospector, was speared to death, in the Oakover dietnet. The spcretary oE the Swan Biver Meoh*. anics Institute, who wbb recently sus» pended for allowing certain books, which were thought to be ind«oent by some of the puritan subscribers, to be placed, on the shelves, haa been reinstated.. Two more big financial institutions ^Jtbe United States have closed their doora. Their joint of labilities are nearly £10,000, 000 sterling. Pastor A. Strempel, one of the first Lutheran ministers of South Australia, died last week, at |he-ag6 of 76 years. The deceased, gentleman who was ordained in 1855, 'has three sons ihthis State. Northam is suffering from a typhoid epidemic. No fewer than five of the patients in the hospital there are suffering from this dreaded complaint. An employee at Krupp's ironworks in Essen, Germany, was arrested on Thursday on a charge of having sold the plane of some guns intended for the Italian Govern ment, t This Dowager Queen of Italy* has sold thejwholeofiher horsagand carriages, and has 'tranoforme'dhQc stables into e, motor car garage. Thi3 is the first royal household to make such a sweeping change in thia resgacfe. 