I AUSTEALIAN-DUTCIDIEN. -. POSSIBLE JAVAN IMMIGRATION. PROSPECTS OF GREAT TRADE. COMMISSIONER IN SYDNEY. Mr. B. Strickland, of Blltar, Java, who was commissioned by the Governor- General of the Dutch Indies to inquire into the chances of opening up a bigger trade with Australia, is now in Sydney. "I have been to Melbourne and to Queensland," said Mr. Street and yesterday, "and the prospects of trade which I have found are very satisfactory. We can send from Java to Australia kapok, oil, rice, tea, coffee, India rubber, which are all things that Australia buys. The price here is satisfactory. And our steamers can take back fruit, butter, cheese, meat, and flour. There are 10,000,000 people In Java. And though the natives have not much money, yet there are some things which they Yvlll take-two especially, biscuits and Hour. The natives have not much money because they are largely paid in kind, and not in money. And they In turn work occasionally for the Government instead of paying taxes. But there is a population of about 60,000 white people 30,000 civilians, and 30,000 in the army; and there is a large number of wealthier Chinese Klorokeoporn and native officials besides. Australian butter is already taking the place of Dutch and Danish butter, and Australian cheese could do the same. But particularly would Java take Australian fruit. "I am also seeing for myself what sort of a place Australia would be for Dutch farmers to settle In. Next year there is coming from Java a farmer who is particularly anxious to see what chances there would be for Dutch farmers emigrating to Australia. He is a man who is in touch with numbers of farmers Fat home." It appears that the Dutch Consul-General recently went to Java for a visit. He took with him lantern slides of the Australian country, and lectured whilst he was there on the dinners of farming In Australia. Also a speech made by Dr. Arthur at the opening of the new Dutch steamship Uno was translated and printed by some of the authorities in Java. A number of Dutch colonists have written to their Consul-General and to Dr. Arthur, asking to hear more of the chances of farming In Australia. "Holland is a little country, with about the most crowded population In Europe," said the Dutch Consul in Sydney yesterday. "A great number of the people, go to America at present. Of course the Government prefers that they should go to the Dutch colonies. Those who go to Java In the army volunteer to go in- three or six years, and they can choose to continue in the army at the end of that time if they like, or settle in the country, or go back. The army is about 10,000, with cavalry and artillery. We buy our horses In Australia Tell them, about 300 to 350 a year, mostly for the cavalry about an eighth on the guns. Mnjar Groenevehl. Captain Pltloo, of the artillery, and Dr. Rchcepcns are in Aur, till now. They are the regular annual commission which Inspects and retire '" horses bought " It in understood that they are .. i < 2\. at . of Dutch people', both here r. 'i royal ? . i .. would very much like to see J June 6 in. of in,,-, j in Australia. The Dutch (tin, .. second trial better chance, they say. made things _;?« i,,,u»i'J.*i and to share. 