Cablegrams in Brief. M. Albert!, tbe Danish ex-Miniat»r for Justice, ^»ho wm recently arrested on bis own confession, embezzled £605,000, the money of the Peasants' Savings Bank, and by means of forgeries defrauded the Danish Butter Association of £225,000. The 1 Daily Mail' says it is understood that Wilier and Riley's loss represents a minor I portion of tbe latter amount, and is apparently recoverable from the asso ciation, who in tarn can recover from the farmers. The 'Hotter Trade Journal' of Copenhagen states that 52 dairies are liable for £5000 each, and that this liability may rain the small farmers, who had no idea of any responsibility after receiving payment for the milk. Michali Trades, a Syrian passenger by the steamer Oordillere, was arrested on landing at Rio de Janiero, for trying to throw overboard a trunk containing tbe body of his master. Trades oonfessed to having committed the murder with the complicity of his victim's wife. The Dublin Corporation and many other bodies in Ireland have stren uously protested against the insult Mr Asquith (the Prime Minister) has given Roman Catholics, by prohibiting the street procession daring tbe Euchar istic Congress. .The Times' correspondent at St Petersburg contrasts tbe permanently ludicrous sanitary arrangements of the city with the splendidly-equipped hospital. The grave-diggers are on strike. The Canadian Government ban discovered an extensive system of fraud that has been practised by Chinese immigrants, who obtained exemption from the head tax by means of fraudulent certificates as merchants. It is estimated that the Government has been directly de frauded of at least £30,000. A Somali Mpllah recently attacked tribes wbich were friendly towards tbe British, killing many women and children. A punitive British force, wbich was at once despatched in pursuit, defeated the Mullah with heavy loss, after a smart engagement. Tbe north-east coast engineers have decided, as the result of the latest ballot, to accept the termB of a pro visional settlement, which has been arranged after a representative con ference. A seven months' struggle thus ends with a loss of £500,000 in wages, and tbe expenditure of £240, 000 in strike pay. The destruction, by .fire, of the Central Telephone Exchange in Paris, as reported on Monday, occasioned - in addition to damage estimated at £1,800,000-enormous inconvenience to city subscribers, and, in fact, to all France. The latest American Cen-. tral Battery system had just been installed at great cost. It is believed that, owing to defective insulation, a short circuit occurred, causing the inflammable covering 6f surrounding wires to ignite. Fortunately, there were only 200 women operators on duty, as it was Sunday, instead of the 600 usual on a wpek day. All the employees escaped, although the fire spread with extraordinary rapidity. After a prolonged straggle in the local Legislature, the convict-leading system that has been in vogue in Georgia, TT.S A., for many years has been virtually abolished. Miss Yiolet Asquith (daughter of the Prime Minister of England, Mr. H. H. Asqaith) has had something of an adventare while in the Highlands on a visit to the Earl and CounTfcss of Erroll, at Slain's Castle, Aberdeen shire. Returning, late in the evening, to the cliffs near the castle, for a book, Mias Asquith fainted through fatigue and alarm at the darkness. She was miBsed from tbe castle, and after some hours' search a party found her lying, still unconscioas, noar the edge of a cliff. 