BBBVITIBS. ? 4 t » ? The King's health has greatly Improved. A Danish paper states that war 'was very near during the Casablanca incident. On the night' of November 5 two German cruisers, with lights covered, entered the Sound and awaited wireless orders to seize Copen hagen forts. These orders were to be sent if the Anglo German crisis assumed a warlike aspect. Terrific weather prevails in the English Chan nel and the Bay of Biscay. A steamer foundered during a storm in the Black Sea, many lives being lost. One hundred persons were killed and Injured by a dynamite explosion' in Panama. The U.S. House of Representatives has re ferred to a committee President Roosevelt's Message referring to the watching of members Diamonds have been discovered in German South-west Africa. The German Colonial Minister says 5000 carats can be easily obtained daily. Abe Ruef , the San Francisco 'grafter,' after a very long trial, has been found guilty. The Oxford and Cambridge Rugby football match, ended in a draw. The 'Wallabies' were beaten by Wales by 0 points to 6. The 'test match,' North of England Union v. the 'Kangaroos' (the League team), ended in a draw — 22 points each. Customs revenue received at Sydney on Satur day amounted to £8838, which included tobacco £1717, apparel £1264, and excise on beer £2441. Before this month closes approximately 600 immigrants will have reached Sydney. This is the largest number for any one month since she inauguration of the present system. Upwards of SO sheep at the railway trucking yards at Gunnedah were destroyed during the night by town dogs. Speaking at Kogarah on Sunday, Cardinal Moran said: — 'I hope the monopoly of Univer sities in Australia will come to an end, and T I look forward to the day. It may even be on ihis site that we will be inaugurating a Catholic University, for Australia.' The holidays for the Christmas and New Year weeks will be Friday and Saturday, December 25 and 26, and Friday and Saturday, January 1 and 2. Our new tale. 'For Honor or Death,' will commence publication in the 'Evening News' to- morrow (Tuesday). 'We pay our taxes,' said Cardinal Mcran, at West Kogarah on Sunday, 'the same as everybody else, but in education we receive no recompense.' A tornado, accompanied by thunder and hail, swept over an area of sis miles by three quarters of a mile at South Canterbury, N.Z., Jelling practically everything in its track. Some of the nailstones were as large as duck eggs. The huTricane at Broome, W.A., during which several pearling luggers were lost, de stroyed buildings on shore and telegraph poles. Thousands of dead seabirds were etrewn along the beach. The American yacht Coronet, with the mys Iterious religious sect on board, was buffeted about by tremendous seas on the voyage from Sydney to Melbourne, but sustained no damage. 'We are modest in our demands' (ip respect to education), 'and if we get a capitation grant of 52s 6d or, say, 60s, we will accept it at once, and I promise there will be general peace and prosperity in all our schools.' — Cardinal Moran, at West Kogarah. A member of the crew of the mysterious Yankee yacht Coronet stated at Melbourne that during the vessel's stay in Sydney Harbor the papers treated them like burglars. The American yacht Coronet entered Port Phillip Heads on Sunday morning. The mas ter sailed up the bay without a^pilot. Webb and Arnst are to row -for the world's sculling championship to-morrow at Wanganui, New Zealand. A report of the race will be forwarded immediately after the finish by our special representative. The shiftmen at the Heddon Greta Colliery, Kurri Kurri, who struck owing to a dispute re garding wages, have resqlved jto. ^resume work_ for three weeks, pending a settlement of the question. A quantity of fittings from the wreck of the Norwegian steamer Thordis, near Port Stephens, has been recovered, and brought to Sydney. Eugene Vogel, 41, seaman on the steamer Trafalgar, lying at Stockton, fell from the ves sel to the wharf, a distance of 15ft, and died in the Newcastle Hospital from the effects of his injuries. During the hurricane at Broome, W.A., the pearling schooner Bux and lugger Roy were capsized, and both crews, with, the exception of three men, were drowned. Many other luggers are still missing. Sir Thomas Bent, Premier of Victoria, says he offered the leadership of the party a month ago to Mr. Swinburne, if he would take it and keep the party together. A seaman named Webb, who deserted from a steamer at Adelaide, and went up country, died in the bush from hunger and thirst. The American Fleet, commanded by Rear Admiral Sperry, is due at Colombo to-day. The stay there will 'extend over six days, and the Fleet should reach Suez on January 6. The warships will pass through the Canal, and coal at Port Said. The North Sydney tramway men have won the right to hold the Ambulance Challenge Shield for the next 12 months, defeating 11 squads at Lindneld on Saturday. The Federal Government will consult with the State Government regarding the offer of Mr. Louis Brennan in connection with his mono-rail invention. The Federal Old-age Pension Fund now amounts to £423.000. Cardinal Moran laid the foundation stone of a Harist Brothers' school and residence, at Washington-street, West Kogarah. on Sunday. The new wages agreement for the Broken Hill mines has been signed by the Union dele gates, and will be sent to Melbourne to be signed by the directors of the various com panies . While tiord Dudley was travelling from Tra walla Station to Ballarat, Victoria, to attend a military review, his motor car broke down. The Governor-General finished the journey on a railway engine. Rev. Luke Parr has been appointed to fill the vacancy at St. Thomas' Church, Rezelle, caused by the death of the late Archdeacon Dixon. He Tvill take over his new position at the begin ning of the New .Year. A girl named Hannah Kelly was found dead in her bed at the Central Hotel, Armidale, with her throat cut. A man has been detained by tihe police in connection with the tragedy. In charge of Captain Anderson, the auxiliary k«3teh Genda has returned to Sydney from t!he North Coast. She brought a quantity of gear salved from old wrecks. The wild animal seen at Cordeaux, near Wol longong, is said to be like a dog, though the head has a peculiar shape. A list opened on Sunday for a new school of the Marist Brothers at West Kogarah resulted in £680 being subscribed. Charles Coles, 60, a resident of Pittwater road. Manly, collapsed while surf-bathing on Sunday morning, and died soon after from heart failure. The representatives of the Rugby Football League having failed to complete an agreement arrived at with Redfern Council for the leasing of the oval in the local park on certain condi tions, all negotiations have been declared 'off.' ? ' - 'Religion,' said the Cardinal at Kogarah on Sunday, 'is the smile of Heaven on the Chris tian home, that brings the blessings of peace, contentment, and charity.*' A six-inch centipede captured at Parkes is said to have come from the South Sea Islands or Queensland with a shipment of bananas: Arrived save and Bound, our Christmas sup ply of Dolls, at Walsonls, Devonshire-street Cor ner. — 0. The best drink in Australia, French NonAl coholic Wine. Try a sample bottle. 6a. '9a, or Is. Winn, Redfern. Agents wanted.— 0. Big reductions in Laces and Muslins this week at Winn's, Redfern. Save money by get ting some. — 0. Do you know that ten pounds will boy you four million impressions of a one-Inch - single column advertisement in. the 'SVBNING NEWS.'—*. . -?- *?*-?---—- ^ 