GENERAL CABLE NEWS. LONDON, September 11. President Roosevelt's anti-corporation campaign has suffered a sharp reverse by a judgment of the Federal Circuit Court in Pennsylvania declaring that the commodi ties clause of the Hepburn Act is unconsti tutional. The clause .forbids railways to ship from one state to another, or abroad, : commodities of which they are the pro ducers or manufacturers, unless the com modity is essential to their legitimate func tions as common carriers. It is aimed especially at the ^railway ownership of col lieries. The railways affected own or con trol 90 per cent, of the unmined anthracite coal in- Pennsylvania. Mr. C. J. Bona parte, Attorney-General in President Roose velt's Cabinet, intends to appeal to the United States Supreme Court against the decision. The battleship' St. Vincent, 19,250 tons, which will be the largest vessel in the British navy, was launched at Portsmouth yesterday, -the christening ceremony being performed by the Countess of Beauchamp. The St. Vincent is larger than the Dread nought by 1,350 tons. A Brazilian Dread nought, named (he 'Minasgerdes, has been launched on the.Tyne. The defalcations of M. Alberti, who was Minister of Justice in the Deuntzer Minis try at Copenhagen, amount to £1,000,000. i ; When arrested on Us own confession, the ex-Minister, admitted tuat his irauds upon the ' Zeeland Peasants' Bank, of which -he j is a director, totalled only £500,000. j Count Leo Tolstoi, tSe famous Russian litterateur, has, since recovering from Ms late illness, celebrated his 80th birthday quietly among hiB family and intimate friends. He has been greatly touched by the world-wide greetings which have . reached him. - . : j The vines in the champagne district of France have been devastated 'by 'mildew, in consequence of which it is expected that the yield of grapes will be only about 20,000 hectolitres. This shortage will en tail a loss to the growers estimated at £1,800,000. ] During the past six months 1,031 immi grants were deported from Canada for va rious reasons, and 486 others .were refused admission. - .' ?. \ : . i The German Emperor has personally directed, the magnificent spectacular ballet, -'Sardanapalus,' staged At Berlin....... His Majesty also drew the designs for the dresses. - ' ,-..;' \ September 12. \ According to the Hio de Janeiro news papers ^ the British steamer Spartan : Prince, 8,192 tons, owned by the Princo line/and bound to Newcastle {to which Jisibl^bff :%fy^'^_;;tiafi ^VnbrUi of '. |JrSzil. ' Fourteen persons 'are missing. _,*.;. ?'- ;,j Jba jthe -{.ape i^islative -Assembly MrJ Jagger's motion favoring a y scheme of j closer settlement on the lines of those of] Australia .'and l^ew Zealand was adopted/ The 'Premier '.-(Mr. J. X. Merriman) sup ported the motion. Both Houses were sub sequently prorogued. Captain Grcgori, a military -writer for die Paris *'Gauiois,''ywhb on the occasion of the transfer of the remains of Emile Zola. ., /the; novelist, from the; original place oii sepulture, to the Pantheon in Paris, on June 3 last fired two shots froni a re volver at Captain Dreyfus, who bad at tended the ceremony in gratitude for tlie Strenuous advocacy given to his cause by the novelist, was acquitted at the Seine Criminal Sittings yesterday on the charge of attempted murder.' j It is oiBcially announced at the' Hague that M. de Reus, the Netherlands Minister at Caracas, has been 'honorably relieved' of his duties, and placed on the unattached list of diplomatist*. His recall had bctn de manded by the Venezuelan Government in ?consequence of an article contributed by him to a Dutch publication, declaring that' Presidentr .Castro te dictatorial regime was leading to Venezuela's decadence. I ? September 13. The British Association, now sitting at Dublin, under the presidency of Mr. Francis Darwin, F.R.S., at its meeting yesterday formed an influential committee to arrange for the establishment of a solar observa tory in Australia. Sir David Gill, late Go-, vernment Astronomer at the Cape of Good Hope, was appointed chairman, and Mr, W. G. Duffield, of Adelaide, hon. ? secre tary. Lord Milner, formerly High Commis sioner for Soijrth Africa, sailed to-day on a two-months' visit to Canada. The -new Lund liner Waratah was launched on the Clyde on Saturday. The christening was performed by 3Irs. Taver ner, wife of the Victorian Agent-General. ; The attendance at the Franco -British Ex hibition is increasing. On Saturday the ' visitors numbered half a miilion. September 14. The Persian correspondent of the 'Times' states that fierce fighting has taken place at Tabriz, the revolutionary centre^ north- west of Teheran. The Shah's troops penetrated up to the loopholes of the* defences of Sata Khun, the revolutionary leader, but wers re- j pulsed with considerable loss, a panic being caused by the use of hand bombs. . The Danish Ministry has resigned in con sequence of the frauds perpetrated upon the Zeeland Peasants' Bank by M. Alberti, Minister of Justice. The Minister was ar rested on his own confession of defalcations totalling £500,000, but investigation showed that no less than £1,000,000 was involved. M. Alberti has been suspended from the directorate of the bank. ? During the progress of a Eucharistic procession at ,P»ud.a Pesthu on Satur day a party of Hungarian Socialists j created a disturbance. ..The rioters mndc ! an attack' on the policej but the Un ter drew their swords and the^. rioters, were driven back'. Forty arrests were made, j Lord Curzon, late Viceroy of India, was the victim of a serious motor accident near Sunningdale, in Berkshire, yesterday. Through a collision between his motor and another car he was thrown heavily on the Toad and severely shaken. He is making satisfactory progress. The large Wesleyan schools, in addition to the church, at Dunstable, in Bedfordshire, were destroj-ed by fire yesterday. The dam- ' age is estimated at £30,000. The Pope is deeply grieyed by the Go vernment's prohibition of the ceremonial Procession of the Blessed Sacrament at ' Westminster on- Saturday. .The occurrence, [ he says, has . shaken his belief in English liberty, to wh.ch his holiness re- 1 ferred in his message delivered by Caid;nal : Vatmutelli at the Cong-ess. I E. S. Smith, town clerk of Woodstock, a «ubuib of Cape Town, and brother of Sep timus W. Smith, whose arrest was recently effected in Australia, has been apprehended as an accessory in an alleged fraud connec ted with the purchase by the Woodstock i municipality of a farm. j September 15. j An attempt was made by'an unknown miscreant yesterday iipon the lives of Sig. nor Giolitti, the Italian Premier, and h.s family. A bomb' was placed against a wall ot Ins residence, near Genoa^and a ter rific explosion occurred. A large breach was mode in the wall, but nobody was in | jured. . ?. - ' . i . M. Alberti, Danish Minister of Justice, in consequence of whose frauds upon the Zeeland Peasants' Bank, involving £1,000,000, the Ministry resigned last week, had extensive interests Outside -the bank. Besides being a director thereof, he was chairman of the Danish. Farmers' Associa tion; and the Danish papers state that he ?was largely interested in a .Manchester and Tooley- street firm dealing in colonial and dairy produce. . .| The 14 missing men from the British stea mer Spartan Pxince, which was sunk in a . collision off Crera, in the'North of Brazil, . have been rescued. The disaster occurred while the vessel; was voyaging from Rio de Janeiro to Newcastle-ori-Tjrne, to which £-ort she '..belongs.-,- - j The Porte has asked Great Britain to lend the services of Chitty Bey, adviser to the Minstryof the Interior of Egypt, to rebr-j. ganise the Turkish Customs. Refoime in the Customs administration were promised by 'Turkey as far back as April, 1007, upon the assent of the Towers to the 3 per cent, increase in the Customs duties. j Dr. Sven Hedin, the Swedish traveller,^ who btis made Thibet bis peculiar fieid of «»?' ploration, lias arrived at Simla, in the Pun- ' jaub,.-after Bpeuding inany. months in that * unknown country, .fie reportB having made ' wonderful discoveries in western Thibet. *Ebsi9 ^'^iiwmriie^s^^^|«n^^i, +r ?ii':jm.'-n^ii §-fJiL-- M\\-X'-S-p'S'.-''-:'\\-'''-':^ '?-'?? ??!:'-'.?????.??. -lecture on hiB travels-'before ihe R^al^^G^ graphical Society in. Londbiii -;}^^^] '~ -?'?? '?. i .The -detectiye police, af ter- ;car^f ally in vestigatingithe facts of the caie,; have aban- doned the' theory that, the motive of tne shocking murder of Mrs. Laafd, wife^of General Luard, at Sevenoaks, . recently, was T a desire to secure plunder. . ,Theyi are now searching for^ evidence which would war raril'H:he suspicion that Mrs. Luard was murdered out of a feeling of personal re venge. ' ~ At the Americanist Congress how sitting in Vienna, Professor Iritsch yesterday charged tne Geiman colonists in South Brazil with brutally, treating the Indians. He said that the natives complained ihafc the Germans sold them and their children into slavery. The Congress decl.ned to address a petition to the Government of Brazil on the subject, as they regarded the matter as political. .1. The Commissioners appointed by the Go vernment of Natal to try Dinizulu for trea son are Sir W. J. Smith, one of tie judges of the Supreme Court of the Transvaal; Mr. H. G. Boshoff, one of the judges of the Native High Cotii t of Nate}; and Mr. H. C. ' Shepstone, C.M.G., a son of the late Sir Theophilus Shepstone, who was formerly Secretary for Native Affairs in Natal, and who attended Cetewayo, father of Dinizulu, on his visit to England in 1S82. The Republican majority over the Demo cratic candidates in the American St.it.; of Maine at the recent Gongresiipnal elections i was only 8.000. which is the smallest ad ' vantage won by the party there for 25 years.' A. horde of Bedouin brigands attacked a caravan of Japanese near Jeddah and robbed them of £25,000 in cash. The rob bers were pursued and captured. ? _, , September 16. The Sinn Fein League of America has ap pealed to the Irish Americans to refuse to contribute to the mission of Messrs. Red mond and Devlin, giving as their reason that the £25,000 annually expended on Nationalist members is useless, and only tends to denationalise the Irish people. The 'Times' states that the American pub lie show a waning interest in the Irish ques tion. The British Admiralty is inviting tenders for the construction of 14 destroyers. The vessels are to be larger tl»u any of the class heretofore built, and are t to use. coal as 'fuel. The two new steame^ Olympic and Ti tanic, of the White Star line, each .. about 60,000 tons, have cost together £3,500,000. 