General Cables. -it. Forest files have 'broken out in Can ada, and an immense area in the pro vince of Ontario is now ablaze. The town of Fort William is threatened by the fires. It- is officially announced at the Hague that De Reuss, the late Minis ter resident -at Caracas, Venezuela, has been honorably relieved of his ciuties and placed on the unattached list. Despite Catholic protests, the Trades Union Congress at Nottingham, by 1,433,000 against 131,000, recommen ded a national free secular education system with popular control of the primary, school and stages to the Uni versity ; also a system of secondary technical education for all children, and scientifically, organised open, air recovery schools. A resolution was also carried demanding pensions at 60 years of age. Dutt, a Bengali, was sentenced to death for killing -Gossain, the informer He >is. entitled to an appeal. Bose was found not guilty, but -the case has been referred to the -High Court. (Nor- endra Nath Gossain is the approver who was shot dead in the gaol hospi tal ae Alipur a week ago by two of his fellow accused, who eoncealed re volvers supplied them by friends, and, shamming! illness', were sent to the hospital.) President 'Roosevelt's campaign against trade corporations has nuet with a sharp reverse " by the Federal Circuit -Court of Pennsylvania declar ing that what is known as the ooitmmo- ditiek clause of the Hepburn Act is un constitutional. This clause, whioh forbids railway companies to ship from one State to another or abroad commodities of which 'they are the producers or manufacturers, unless such commodities ate essential to their legitimate functions as common car riers, was especially aimed at the rail way owners-hip of collerics. The rail way companies affected, by the decis ion of the court either own or control 90\. per cent, of the unarmed anthracite coal in the State of Pennsylvania. Mr. -!C. J. Bonaparte, AttorneyrGeneral, in tends to appeal to' the Supreme Court of the. United States against the de cision of the Circuit Court. "Scenes like that at Newcastle West are a discredit and a disgrace, and sooner than again participate in in ternecine strife I will quit Irish poli tics altogether."-1— Mr. John Redmond,. . " ' Another complication has arisen in Morocco in connection with the con tinued imprisonment of a Kaid who is held to have been a- German pro tege. : By 63 voes to 24 the Senate at "Brussels has adopted the bill provid ing. for the annexation of the Congo Free State to' Belgium. The Danish Ministry has resigned, owing (to the recently discovered . frauds in the People's- Savings Bank, which were committed -by a Cabinet Minister. The Germans arc building war bal loon stations at several places on tho western or French frontier. The Legislative Assembly in Cap® solution for a. closer settlement Colony has adopted Mr. . Jagger's re- scheme similar to that of Australia. Parliament was subsequently prorogu ed. . | i - ; In accordance with the desire of the Sultan of Morocco, Menashi has suc ceeded E'rmiki. as Kaid of. Alcazar. .Tha. appointment proves that Dr: Vassel's endeavours in. favor of Ermiki have failed. . , . At Buda Pesth the Socialists creat . ed' a disturbance. The rioters attack ed the police, who drew swords and arrested forty persons. Lord Rosebery, in reply to a cor respondent, said that adequate means of defence was the only guarantee against war alarms. No nation, he 6aid, can afford to base its security on the depositions of other countries. It must for that rely upon itself alone. Thirty. Governments will participate fn a congress on the subject of refri- gelation opening in Paris on ( the 5th October. Mr. 'Coghlan will give a paper on the State encouragement giv en in various countries to the refri gerating industry. Mr. Gilbert And erson (New Zealand) will deal with meat inspection from an international standpoint. Mr. S. Lowe will deal with artificial cold' in the manufacture and preservation of butter. Mr. Wal- .ter Preedy's ' paper will be, "Is solo- nial produce capable of benefiting Dy . refrigeration) ?" Scientific , papers will -be read by Sir William Ramsa- Messrs. Collingridgo Ridcal, and others The Betbers' casualties in the bat tle of Djerf amounted to 2000. Countess Beauchamp, wife of the ex- Governor of New South, Wales, has launched the battleship Slovince at Portsmouth. The Slovince is 19,250 tons, and of 24,500 horse power. The Minosgerdes, another battleship of the Dreadnought type, was launch ed on the lyne for the Brazilian Gov ernment on August 30. A joint conference iji London has adopted, subject to the men's ballot, a settlement of the north-east coast engineers' dispute, and is hopeful of its acceptance. The "North German Gazette" im plies that on account of the heavy additional taxation of articles of gen eral consumption, more especially luxuries, there should be a tax on gas and electricity, and an extension of the legacy duties. , / A Reutor telegram states that Coiunj: Katsura, Prime Minister of Japan, ad dressing the Bankers' Club at Tokio, outlined the Japanese policy, stating that i rigid economy policy had now been fixed, and would place the world's hope for universal peace on a surer foundation. Lord Mil ner , -lias : sailed' on a two months' visit to Canada. Mr. Caville Wright's aeroplane was 701- minutes in = the -air. Tho chess schampionship contest of the world ds proceeding at Dusseldorf. 'Dr. Emanuel Lasker, of America, has won five games, -Dr. Tarrasoli one; and three have been drawn. " \- There were half a million visitors at the Frauco-British Exhibition on Sat urday. . Alula i Hafid, the new 'Sultan of Mor occo, in a note to the powers-, states that ho recogidses the engagements of his predecessor, notably those of the Aigeeiras Conference, and he requests recognition in order to carry out the Algeoiras reforms, ; The Immigration 'League o'f Austra lia has received a letter stating that the .A.N. A.- does riot approve of the es tablishing of non-speaking English .communities in tlie Common wealth. ) ; " " 