STATE ELECTIONS. a> \-----v "MINISTRY GOES AHEAD.'5 STATEMENT BY THE PREMER. MR. MURRAY AT WARRNAMBOOL. YA'rils to Issue.To-ilny. Nominations.Tuesday, Dec. SS. PolliivR Day.Tncsilaj'i Bec. SO. AY'rlts Itcturna-Ic .. ..B-ondiiy Jim. 4. The issue in the forthcoming state elec- tions has become somewhat involved as a result of Mr. Sivinburne's statement of the position ho intends adopting in relation to tho Premier and the Ministerial policy. From the time when the first signs of dis- affection were noticeable amongst a section of the Ministry's followers, those who had the interests of the party at hcait became alarmed lost personal considerations might be OMiggeirate'd into something overshadow- ing the necessity for keeping the party solid. It was this section of well-wishers who deplored the absence of any open minded discussions between the Slinistry anti its followers when the Land Valuation Bil] threatened to wreck the party early in the session, who were genuinely glad that the Ministry placed itself in tho hands of its followers when the conference was even- tually forced upon both sides, and who were genuinely sorry that at the time of the con- ference definite action was not taken to settle any differences of opinion that existed regarding leadership. lo day it is these Yvell wishers yvIio ore most concerned ovei Mt Swinburne's de- cision to idopt an independent attitude m the election campugn 'Hie significance of the decision îrriicd at by Ali SvAinbiunc willun thieo weeks of the election appeals to them, not so much because of ils bearing upon the leadeislnp of the puty is in its i elation to the success of the campaign ngutnst the soei ihsts Whether Su lliomiis Bent, "Nil Swinburne or Mi M'Lcod le id» the movement foi the maintenance of the OA ei va helming nitijoiiti with ya Inch the couu tn letuiiicd the anti socialists at the last election .nutter- less to them than the do finite choosing of a leudct ya ho aviU com mund the whole hcirted suppoit of a united putty llien conccin is ngbtly loi the înleiests of the puity which the clectois constituted lo cheek the advances of Ihc -ouahstb and then clloits ate now being ducctcd toAAiitds the uchieAcmcnt of that aim Hie tiouble at piescnt is that in stead of being able lo tbioiA themselves into the light w ith closed up ranks they aie compelled at the eleicnth hour lo cope with internal dissensions Hie jiosition ya is ndiunably bummed up on Salutduv by a couuliy membei ya ho was leturncd it the 1007 elections by a large mijouty ovei his socialistic opponent lins 1-entleiiinn staled that fiom the time of the first announcement m J.he Al gus that the patty s desuc aaiis lo I cop the issue to be placed befoie the electors absolutely clear it ya is feaied that Uni question of leadership might intrude itself ya it h a disturbing effect Hie defection of the wing of the pal Ia that voted undei Mi Mm lay he bald, confirmed this yicaa It yaus then armaient that the imoslion of leadership ya ould have to be settled By adopting the Ministerial pohev the Mm i ay parti simplified the posi tion foi this action showed clem Ia that the cntne pal ty ya as still uninimous in its sup port of the pla tf oi ni on ya inch it ya as elected to Parliament ^eicnl folloAACre of Mr Mut lay stud that Uioa woult! support the Minis toual policy if thcie were a leadei other than ''n Hiomas Bent Hitit led us to hope that fen Hiomas, aftei leading the putv tlnough the campaign is only he could lend it miciit consent lo once uyim place lum self m the hands ot Ins bimpoilcis and test their feeling befoie the lloiiso met Com plie liions aioso when it was thought likely that the Mnustiy would oppo e those mti bociihst mcmbcis who bid Yotcd foi the no confidence motton and it yvii . only paitlv scltlcd when Sit lliomis Bent pionuscd th it candidates yv ould only be liomin itcd igiimst those against the Ministcntil policy Now howey ei \li Swinburne his an nounced tint while he cndoi.es Hie Minis tel ml piogiainmo he is not jiicpaicd lo foi Ioav the le ulciship of Sn thomas Bent, and yac ya ho desire to see a straight out iit-lib betiA con anti soct llistn and socialism lind one leadei saving in effect Unit while the policy is the propel one the mun lending the othoi set lion is no1 yvoiUiy of suppoit Unless something is done immediately m the w iv of efieeling a settlement of this personal gnevanee the elcelois will be confused, tiiangnlai contests may enable socialists lo Yviu constituencies that con tain 70 80 and 00 pel cenl of anti socialists and there will be but a small patty for my one to lead It is impel itiio that miine díate steps should be tal en so tint the patty muy go to the counliy united MR SWINBURNE'S STATEMENT sin, moins iiem"s ctnmnMs. J \VD SrTTLCSlrNT ' Hie Mmistij goes sliaight ahead," io mailed the Piennei on Niturtln. "Wc have stat ted the light, and wc will see it through " In lefcirmg to Mr *3vvinbiiine ?> an noimcement of his intention to stand as in Independent, &n; Thorms Bent saul - 'I am not altogelhei stn priced nftei the events of the past fe., di.s It is only a short while igo hov.cvci «ince Mi Sv.in bmne e\pie=sed the gleitest friendship for mc ind told me Hutt ho would novel dcseit me so long as I led 3f ho had mentioned this 1 itesi decision before mj speech-but he has done it and it does not woirj me one jot ' 1 ho Mtm-itrv has submitted its policv lo the people 1 liai policv is based upon a kiioi.ledge of the icquucniciitH of the eountij it has been endoised by tho Cain net bj the partv In most of the men vv ho vent o. et to Mi Mun tv and even bv so good i judge as Ali St.inmune Tt anns it piomoling tin prop eos and piospoutv of all the cotintrv s vane ti inteiests It is a clear definite foina rd policv call it by I v.hate.ei nime von v ill anti socialist] coiiien ali. o of all tint is good ni lihou) So fii as our lind seulement pi oposils ni e ' eoneerned hovvevei vee do not go not do I think it would be right to go to the extent Mi Swinburne blames us foi not going Ho saja lint ti strong far i etching land policy is needed Anv policy stronger and moro fal te idling tint Hint v.e hive an noiinccd would not stop short of confiset tion lheie is only one load Dist where the Mimntiv found it right ind piopei to stop and that road leads to confiscation Mr «-H.inburno rij-s that he does not feel confident that the Cabinet v. ill educate the eonntrv and fight the policv to a finnl is sue The cotintrv I am certain requîtes nomoio final issue thin that embodied m oui nionosils Although he generally cndoioes otu pro glimme Mr -swinburne piefers to ciento anothei pal tv in the Assembly-the lude pendents Had he cnrnestlv desired the consolidation of tho Ministerini party ho would have arceptcd the offei of the leadership which I made lo lum some weeks tgo I have always maintained that lo prevent a split in the pulj and to prevent' the Laboiu pnrtv becoming i dominating force in the House I should be prepnied to sml personal considerations anil place mjself m the bands of the pin ty I have been ?..illina; to make sacrifices At the eleventh horn however Mr Swinburne de cides that although the policy is generally acceptable ho is not prepared to follow mo us a leader The fiaht has been stinted and it must go on If foi personal reasons the Ministry is to be opposed those «a ho oppose it must tal e the lcsponsibihtv of preventing a clou cut i»sue being plnced befoie the electors Between Ministerial ists and the Labour pirtj it would have been a sti audit out fight of anti socialists against socialists but if a man stands is an Independent he must be regarded as re laming tho light to vote with the socmlists oi not, just as ho pleases The Ministry is faced with this position If an Indo pendent is returned ii means tint there is one man whose support cannot bo relied upon in cairvinc on the Government of the cotintrv, while if a socialist is returned the position is not better excepting thal the attitude of the socialist can be counted upon as being the same all the time Hovvevet the Mimstiv has placed its policv boforo the counttv and with confidence it leaves tlie decision to the electors PREMIER AND MR. KIRTON. "1 have received a letter from Mr. Kirton regarding mj- statements about bim," said the Premier (Sir Thomas Bent) on Satur- day. "At Bendigo I said that I was al- leged to have bribed Mr. Kirton with n commission of £30 or something, and 1 added, quite jocularly, that 1 believed '30 bob' would buy bim now. As a matter of fact, 1 never tried to buy or bribe Mr. Kirton: Did not even Mr. Murruy with- draw any churge on that'count? And my remark about '30 bob' was purely jocular. What I have against Mr. Kirton is that, after urging tho Government to bring for- ward the propoaal for toe Beeao to JNew.- ' .' ' ? " tv- «>'' yn>«i¿-i--?-? ] " town line, he voted lo put us out the day it vías on the notice papei of the lloti-c MK. BOYD AND A PORTFOLIO. Speaking lo friends and suppoitcis it Scott's Hotel on Fnda\, Mi Boyd, the retiring member foi Melbourne, sud Hut at one time the 1 .cutter (Sir Thomas Bent) had offered to ask Mr E H. Camelon to resign lus portfolio, so that Mr Boyd bhould have it. "I nevet offered anything of theS kind," remarked Sir Hiomas Bent on Satui daj, Yvhen commenting on Mi Boy d a state mont. "Mi. Cameron, I feiippose, ya.is i verv much bettei man than Mr Hovel, though if ho had left the Ministry Mi Boyd ya ould probably hive had hu poit folio Stones such as these told bv Mi Boyd nie simply childish I showed niA feeling towards Mi. Boyd, howcioi, bv leaving lum m when I reconstructed the Cabinet." ? LARGE HOLDINGS. "? When the Premier (Sir Thomas Bent) said recently that there were only 170 land- lords in Victoria who owned land over £50,000 in value, he was criticised in cer- tain quarters for having made an unreliable statement. Mr. Prout Webb, the commis- sioner of taxes, has, however, reported to the Premier that he was quito right in his statement. There are, Mr. Webb »ays, only about 170 landlords who own property the capital market value of which, estimated on reliable valuations in the Probate Duties Omeo und the Land Tax Oflice, exceeds £50,000. MR. MURRAY AT WARRNAMBOOL. 1-Er.ATIOKS WITH LABOU-l. -lOPEFUT, 01? AX Al-IAA-iCE. SCHlrTUnE ItEFEIlEXDUsi AX OI'BK QAJESTIO-V. WARNAMBOOL, Sunday.-At the Warrnambool Town-hall on Saturday night, Sir. John Murray, leader of the Murray party, opened his election campaign. The hall ivas Yvell-fillcd. The audience gave Mr. Murray a favourable reception. The chair wus occupied by the mayor (Councillor A. Robinson). Sir. W. O'Brien, president of the shire of Warrnambool, aUo occupied ti seat on the platform. Mr. Murray said-I stand before you to- night, although a penitent stool has been provided by the Premier, an unrepentant, imregcnernte sinner. (Laughter.) 1 have not been lo that penitent blool, nor is it my intention to go there. (Hear, hear.) Having assisted to prise Sir Thomas Adol- phus Bent off Hie Treasury benches, I offer no apology. Parliament, in passing a volo against the Bent Administration, did that Yvluch will meet Yvitli the approval of tlie electors, aud I feel lhere is no action in my somewhat long Parliamentary career that w-ill meet willi more general approval than the prominent part I took. 1 sliull lalee you back a short time in the history of Hie slate. Mr. Irvine, after displacing tlie Peacock Government, held the reins of Government with a firm and no imccrlaiii hand. The country was in dire distress, but the people caine through the ordc.il tri- umphantly. It was in the bcsl season of the history Df the state that Sir Thomas Bent became Premier. He baa liad a mag- nificent opportunity, if lie had adopted a wiso statesmanlike policy. He has loomed largely in tho public eye. He lias certainly displayed marvellous activity. He bus been in evidence wherever it has been possible to make himself seen. There has been no function too high or loo humble for him. Activity is good in a Premier, but lhere is sometimes a pestilent activity Hitit does more harm than good. The objects of the Premier ivcrc no1 ahA-ays laudable. Al the last general election he ivas returned with nu enormous majority, inclined lo be loyal to a leader it could trust. Why has Parlia- ment lost its confidence in Sir Thomas Bent and his Ministry, and recorded au advetse , vote? 1 am here lo justify the action of Parliament, and nsk you to endorse ii. 'lim OM.Te 1SSUU. There is onlv one issue, let the Pi ess apologists and otheis onde nom lo cloud it as thej nijj The question cannot hu too Ifoiciblj linpiesscd upon joui mind It is | v.bethel theie shall bcBciilism 01 no Bent lbin, wbethel wc shall h ive honest, stiaifcht, clean government, 01 thal government of which we hive lind loo much \ bille molo than a v.ccL ago wc thought v\e hail got ml of Bent ind Benham loi cvei Ile hoists of being au 1 riejishni in, with tin qualities that mike an Ln^hshman, but bon did thcPiennei like hisdcfeil' Vnj budlv He e ist lound foi ti v. ay to get out Hie Cabinet met, ititi its decision (so mern beis of the Cihinel lnCoiined us) was tint Su Thomas Beni should build its resign i tion to the state (joicinoi No one with a knowledge of constitutional piceedcnl e.ci di canil that he would ink foi a dissolution fal less that the liovcinoi would giant it , Wo have a dissolution tin list upon us Unit le ives Hie electors lnsufhcienl time to li ive the siltiitioii c\pl unod fullv, oi foi thal due dchbeiation so essential lo piopet judgment One of his apologists-(f em cill them nothing else)-savs he show eil splendid com ige Ile li id nothing to lobe bj going to the countij He thought a gcncial election might igttin place linn lu powci, ind thought nothing of the iinfiiii ness to the electors as a constitutional ntl visei to the Govcinoi As an horn si honouiablc min he was bound lo give his best and most unsolfish idvieo to the Goici noi He did the opposite The Govern«! W11 used lo save the situation, though he also must lake his tau sit u l of blaine len the dissolution By weil established piece dent the Goveinoi should hive seen if the Go. el mural could be pinpeilj cm ned nu bj the Pm hnment, befoie dissolv ing ii I li it IH what his pioilccessora hive done win n theto weie stiongci giotiuds foi a dissolu lion J he course ulopted was iinptopci and unfnii lo the elce'ois Theie mc titi totales a cmdidate eitinot git ovei in less than a month j et v. e hav e only three u ci ks to the elections A\ h it lune is theie foi oimisinga piopei opposition in nu. ileelo late9 lhcsc aie m ititi thal would h iv e been consuleied bj mv dtsinletested Pie miel, but Su lliomas Bent thought lie might gain some ach mil,ige b. haste I do not believe tint by the din of the poll he will have mole than lillee 01 lout tv owed Beatties standing I think 1 shall show joti such unliuthfillness, such liisiu ceutj in the man, that von v. ill si\ he is nnwortbj to keep his position mj longtt (Hear, heat ) Ho and his ft lends sueet it ¡those who have dibplmed hint fiom poi.ti I may have displaced lum, foi ho is lo d i. such a moribund Pi einici that politic ill} siienl mg he is tetiinllv deid A Voice.-Pitv he is not properly so. Mr. Murray.-They are refeired lo a« in- triguers. I have yet lo leuru that ii is a Yvrong ambition if some of those who voted against him thought themselves lit for Ministerial lank. I can say of those ivho voted in the late division that they hud no promise of a portfolio. Never to one of thom did 1 give a hint that if t yvus called upon to form a Ministry 1 would oller hint oificc. There yvob no bargain or intrigue between nny of thom and me. We began this session in July, and have' done no- thing. Parliament has been a go-as-you please. The Premier lost control of the House. We went there heartless and de- spondent, unable to say what the y-gailes of tho ' Ministry would he. There vvei e» measures the Mini-try said it would stand or fall by, and Yvliicn ii. neither stood by nor fell by. (Laughter.) Take the Land Valuation Bill. I was opposed to certain principles in that measure, und would have voted against it; but the Ministry did not know whether u majority favoured it or not, and accepted the dictation of ii pal ty against it, after declaring lo stand or fall by it. That showed an intcnUon lo cling to office. With unseemly haste the Pre- mier determined to reconstruct, but that reconstruction could not be satisfactory unless one thing was done, and that he would not do. Blinded with his otvn egotism, he failed to see that no Ministry could he satisfactory w-hilo he was leader', that no Ministry could be satisfactory of which he was a member. He said he stood by the Ministers, but most of the Minist eis YA'ont, while he remained in office, it will almost take physical force to get him out. To keep to office he has been all things by turn, and nothing long; fust on one side and then on the other. The llcclassifici lion of Shires Bill, na introduced, was u Unt- hill; but to propitiate this one and tint one he changed it till, as it became law, the rich .hires Yverc to still receive the c.ul>i dies thal should have gone lo the pooler bodies. In the Licensing Bill, first he sided with the temperance party, then next day, after being interviewed by the liquor trade representatives, he changed to bup- > poit them. Ile is a man of no political conviclioua, turned by evety wind that blows. Can anyone tell his real attitude on the referendum nucition'; He has been on both sides. If lhere was a third he would be upon thal. Toke him on woman _u_rat,_-its strongest opponent, the last !\ to yield; now its mott - (___-niaaJ_o, »np-,. . , porter. One _.__^__dptt ,____s_.,«**it: ..".j i woman I would sa. he is for manifold iel ons, the list mau i woman should vote foi CH-UtGrs \OAI\ST THE 1*11 »-.MIL. II I will lakewou now to Sir 1 bonus Bents lephes at Brighton to the speedie einiges made against lum in oui mimi isla Lv trj on'c of these thaigtv ind more and worse, can be proved right up to the hilt The countrj, if it does not aw ii en at the election, will be imazed and shocked in the neir future at the improper actions of fair Thomas adolphus Bent lhere is no meaner thing tint crinia upon the surface of what ho eills God s own country, and whit will be God s own count!., if von do not let unsciupiilous politicians spoil it I will show jou the discngenuousnes-, of his replies He has not told the whole truth He Ins distorted ficts, or he his been un truthful He charges tbe Liberal pirti (I do not know if I mi its leader 01 not, but I shirk no rcsponsibditj) with stealing Ins pohe. Which policv ' (Liughter ) How manv has he lind' Is his policv of Thurs di. the pobc) of today' Bj the waj, he said that lo\ of the "Agc wrote our manifesto He does not give us credit foi ibihtj enough to -»rite such an excellent one I can tell vou wc had a great dell lo do with ii I would like to 1 now v.ho wioto Ins speech He Ind a carefulli prepared document, and sometimes I be- lieve ho reads a new policy he has never seen before I charge bim with having idopted what he knew to be the pohcj of the Libeial section of the CoOntrv pirtj I mi identified with the section which de urea more liberal land and industrial legis la lion Some will say that it is not fu from the Labour partj A gi cat deal of 1 lie Labour platform I agree with-the prac lical part Some of it is a selfish devotion lo theories that cannot be given eöect lo rnnaiicu's iÍat>d TitA\s\\.CTfo>s I charge the Piemier with bnving bought Hie Mai myrnong pari Lstalc He sijs he bought it with the approval of his col leagues Nothing of the kind He bought it on his own" for a specific pulposo and if ter it ivis bought the purchase was not tondemned He was one of a sjndicite that once owned the land I brought be foio the Cabinet the pioposal that the Kew and Yina Bend Asvlums should be io pi iced and lins v. as purchnsed foi a site -«ir "--nuracl Gillott Sir Ihomas Bent, and I were appointed i committee lo look into the mnttei and the first thing that -su Samuel Gdlolt and I 1 new w is thal the Premier lind bought the land He nevei consulted us but acted on lu» own i thing he Mas too fond of doini, Ihen Mont park was aUo puichnscd foi asjlum purposes He tive double the propel v due for it Both of these pi ices were bought for a lunatic asylum but not n j entij has been pi ov ided foi buildings Without putting any burden on the people we could have the two isylums in si\ yeats Wc could have had one now He has bought two lots of lind Ii he is smceie whj is tbeie no monej for tilt buildings' \\\ bj is he uni eung it Kew and \niia Bend willoh cm ncvei be made sitisfnc ton ' Theie is (he case of the JLhoin btirj paik land lhere will be moto reve litions willi lcgard to that Strange to Hij ho ivis also one of a syndicate tint once owned that lind, he held a gi eat num bor of shares 1 do not 1 now w hat con licction he lind with the lind it=elf at the time ol the sale but this I do 1 now tint it belonged to the Commercial Bank and tint the Commercial Bank his unloidcd a ,.ood deal of propeitj through Sn Ihomis Adolphus Bent upon the stile and I 1 now he pnid foin times the then mallet value for lint rhoinbun land Ho c1 nins to hive broken up the bl iel combine but tint combine is now charging the old late of £2 a thousand foi bnel s « hen w ith propel competition the pi ice should be J7/ i thousand He bought lint lind without the knowledge of his colleagues 'lhere ire most suspicious tireumstiiicos 3 do not know Ihem dil J.hey will be d vulged in ii few days, showing the Pre miti s tonnection willi tint lund No one will hove hesitation m coming to the con elusion tint the pmchise was i bindi transaction lhcn ?100 nn Nicic v.is n=l ed foi the Pendei s grove lind inolhet property with wluch the Premiei had luisi ness connections previouslj I.entuallv Hie Closer Settlement Board puiclnsed « it THE niUGl! TO'«. l.A^D Another chatge, and the most senous ever brought igtunst u public min in Vic lona, is tint he deceived his colleagues and misled the House m lefeience lo his land on the St Kilda Brighton liamiwij He told Ins colleigucs that he did not own a foot of lind which would be btnelitcd In the line He told the House lit owned no lind along the route tint ho bid owned lind, but had sold it At that time he owned 23 acres, the value of which has since been mere ised enonnouslv bj the con hil notion of the line I believe tcrtun obligations connected with the pinchase will be made public He snvs he is one of i h.ndicite of ten 'Hie title is m the name of Thomas Bent Do jon tlunl lint nine men as sinewd ns those who usual,} go into such a s\ndicntc would tiust Jhoims Bent so ibsolntclv * 1 belicv e he is the sole ov.nci of that lind so far as he em own nnvthing He has used his public Position lo aid ins pinito ends He Ins improved his own position bj the c\pen diture of public monej Win ¿hil he not load his own land for the^nulwaj as he lias loaded tho land of others' Sqiuini and wriggle is he mij ht cinnot den bim self If ho had been guilty of nothing else this should be suihcicnl io condemn in\ Îiubhc man 2so othei man m public life lere has ever acted m such i contemptible war A Voice-The same things ns Kensing ton Hill It is the old storv with lum Mr Muni} 1 brough his whole cireer from the Kensington Hill to the Brighton lund business, von lind these uns nour, m pidentb Now I come to a personal m iltci in which, again be does not tell the ttulh He says the du if Iel T resigned fiom the Cabinet 1 wished lo withdi iw mj le ij,na lion Nothing could be further -from the ti lilli I bid nn inlcivievv with the Pie imei on the following dnv and he sud to me Whaf is the use of having trouble' Take bael youl icsignation indi sud to him It is no use discussing the question neither of us without humiliation and loss of self respect, cm ictiie fiom the position we have tal cn up Hie Picmici Ins told an absolute untruth ?~ 1 AM) POLICE The Trcasuiei has had ovei -C7o0 000 a year more levenuo than his ptedecc«aois and the fin mci ti position of the slate should have been soundei With economj it would have been Hie P emici his shown ho cm neither foieeast i Budget noi economic illj administer the monej he gets We should now hive monev foi a vigorous constiactive pohej, but we lune not i penny J lie monev Ins been fnttcied away fixation li is not been i educed is it should line been What do von tlunl of spending monej toonil e lum good with certain constitnenoiis I hive il.iavs fi loured people getlin0 the land it the lowest Îmcc i ilher thin iver charte I would et the settlei« have the lind foi nothing but the Pieiniei Ins onlv now on the eve of un election dttided it, mist his polie, of loading Crown linds has abandoned loud jug only to stand well with tomlin ton slituentics He is no., supporting id. intes io scttlcis When I was Ministci of I mels I urged lum to piovitlt i fund, so that id a anees might be ni nie I advocated tint policy last jen but be would not listen lo it I talked then of giving settlers belter jncins of communication Now beptoposes it I have been tondemned foi injttion while I ivis Mmistci Iheie have been no new suggestions Fince 1 left olhce Hie wholo question of Grown linds must be dealt with m a generous comprehensive fashion He tall s of limitation of estates That was also a Bitggestaon fiom i colinby member but Ministerial proposals mean i slow process It is not i scheme the details of which cm be fi\od in i dn, nut! v.o have no1 jet bid time to tlunl it out I line licen surprised io find how liberal Ibu Corni trj partj it, The private ownership of land is not going lo stand in the w n of hctllcmont We mc piepared to deal elfcc tivclv with the settlement of private lind and fairly willi the owners 1 would be no party to such an unfair measure us the Western District Bill What is done must apply to the whole state IlIE JABOTÍ» rAiir-t. I blame the Labom partj for its exdn-nve .ness for bieal-ing aw ly fiom those who bhould be its brethren in aims, tbe Liberal part} Ml Prendergast and others quote the magnificent work of New Zealand, where the people have ncailj cverj thing the La boor party is lighting for here All that has I been achieved without an exclusive Labour port} m Nov. Zealand There is only a great Libel al parlv, and m these plates there hhould he only two p ti tics-that of liberal asm and that of conserv ttisnt and stagna lion It Ins been said tlitie is an under ti indmg between us and the labour pirtj I hij there is gre it hope we will .et come together md bo once more a unite I fmitlv hut lhere is no muleist-uidine, between ns in (lus election A\ e have one common ol lective, the end of Banlism I vvoidd not tear a Labour Government It would Iw i .Jean Government 1 am in favour of gomj, «>n with public works with doe regard lo ccimom} The extra vote of £20,000 lo | teachers is n direct bribe offered by the Pic ) nuer He threatened to abandon the bill rather than give that money before there vv is talk of an election Yv e should link the pnmary, technical and second try schools and the UniYCisitj SCRIP'TURE REFERENDUM. I will stand for the maintenance of the Education Act in all its cardinal principles, and, above all, for its secular principles. I believe if teachers of secular education are required to give religious instruction you will introduce such discord that you will never see the end of it. We are getting on satisfactorily, and should let well alone. There are ample opportunities for religions instruction. I am so deeply committed as an opponent of the referendum that I can- not recant or alter my opinion on that mat- ter. It is still in the Ministerial programme after four opponents have been taken into the Ministry. The promise I have given is that if the Government is defeated I will place no obstacle in the way of the House taking a vote on the referendum, but I would not make it a Government question. There has been too much inspection and too little education by the Agricultural de- partment, which requires reorganising from top to bottom. A great effort should be made to save the mining industry. As to ya ages boards, the state should have stepped m long ago to stop the slow suicide of miners conditions of work in many places I am against tne disputed teniton agré- ment The land belongs to u=, and I wdl at-cit oin ownership without paving n penny I nm a believer in lnigation, but Mr Swinburne s enthusiasm amounts to fanaticism Y\ hat a disadvantageous bar gun he was prcnaied to make in the Murray waters' I would make a proper agreement, protecting the inteie_ts of Hie state If we ai e led by Mr Svv inburnc on this question of irrigation I nin ifmd we shall repeat the mistakes of the past I would make an effoit to solve the unemployed question VEW l.C VDEtt WAXTED. But putting ill othei questions aside, I sly lo hay c a leader in whom we Can repose confidence you must lune a tnithful man, who w ill indulge in no trickery and the pre senfc Premier is the mast untruthful man I hay e knott n Tie said the trip to England cost the state £100, and that he paid his daughter's expenses Hie anditor-general shows Hint as fal ¡is is known, the trip cost -1 GOO md the state paid Ins daughter s passage-money Ho is untiuthful and un trustworthy _so nnltci how attractive Ins policy to day, A ou are nnedf tain what it w ill be lo moirovv He may abandon a bill m a minute he will never abandon a billet (Laughter md ipplause ) Are you satisfied with the conduct of a min connected with ra iinm doubtful ti msiclions, of which he giv cs such lime explanations' ' The Argus" cm sec no wrong in him non It has quoted the ' Age ' on mo, but the Age" never said anything half so seyere about me tis "Hie Al gus ' said a few y oat s ago about the Pre mut Tins is what ' The Al gus ' said then -' No one can breathe the atmosphere that surrounds Mr Bent without being corrupted by it ' I should s ia some members of "Hie Argus ' staff now writing lum up must have been enjoy nig a gi cat deal of his society lately I speak eainestli to you for clean honest government and is! you to recoid Y oin voles against Benti ni, lo put youl hind down on any thing fhit savoura of coi ruption Up to the time of the present Pre riler nothing tarnished the publie life of Victoria Look at the man is he is, with all the deformities tint his public lotions show doing tilings nny hone_t decent man would be ashamed to do See bim struggling for povvet, liolding office only bought at i most ignominious price giving up all he holds of most y due îsseï tmg loud mouthed and blatuit, tint he will stand or fall by certain measuies, and then incontinently throwing them isidc, saying, "I sholl humble the Government ind myself m the dust, I will gioiel as low as it man can grovel, onH let me lot tin office " I trust to the clcctois Hint they Avail give a cleai and unmistakable Yerdtct upon the cleu issue w hetber theA are going to have puie govern mont oi goAeminent of lui entirely diffcient 1 md I think the people ya ill giA o their y ei diet agunst the continuance in office of Bent regardless of who succeeds him (Loud applause ) HIE LAND IA.. After the idnre=s, "Ali Mulray Yvas asked a numbet of quest ons, including, "Aro you in fui oin of a tix on unimproved land y allies' ' Mi Murrav said -Is my fnend satisfied it would be a fun tax in operation' 1 he Questionei -Yes Mi Mun ey -1 tin not There is a good dell to be sud on both sides I do not think eithei side understand it fully But in practical application I believe it ivould be one of the most unfan things tint could be adoptee, by a municipality (Applause.) Hie meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman SOCIALISTS AND LABOUR. AN IMERLSIING MOITON Some metnbeis of the Political Labour Council liaAe been anxious to secure the co opeialion of the socialist bodies in Mel bout ne at the coming elections In pursu ance of a lcsohition can led at the list Libonr Couieience, six delegates yacic ap pointed to meet six delegates from the laigcst socialist bodt, the Mel bourne Socialist pilly, formed by Mr lorn Mann They mel on Wednesday night last but separated without passing tiny lesolution oi guing any plcdces on cither bide 1 [ova ga ei the socialist delegates asked the PLC delegete this question - AA ill Hie PIC delegates agree to recommend the ccntrjl evocative that every candidate reprc .enting tile I' I-C is jiledi-cd to tlie necessity of the -"ei il revolution to secure the working classes cmancir allon tint the labour movement rests on tlie class struggle and that consequently the Issue before ti e people it election and ill other tunes is socialism versus nil other policies? ' Hie PLC (Illegales submitted this Sucstton to the ccnti ti executive on Satur ay evening Ihe following motion was submitted - Tint th » executive willie fully endorsing the state IilMitu plitform mid strenuously vvorl in-c for the tdoptlon of the unclioiatlve mc.«iiros cinbmeed therein recognises that tile abolition ef poverty uni] the amelioration of the evils iinsing tliciefrom cou only be effected through the complete supersession of the capitalist system bv a system of collective ownership and ro-opentw c 1 reduction for use and not for pro Iii lint therefore labour candidates should during tho coming electoral campaign (five spccijl ittention to the explanation and advo cicv of the Aictorlan state oljectivo, as appear iug in llic 1 UC constitution at the same time Ulakine; it cleir io the constituencies tlmt ti c p.rlv records the class struggle as the basis of the labour movement ' 'lins resolution w is moved but as there weie only nine members of the executive picsent out of 17, i motion was carried, ic fcrrmg it to the next quirtcilj meeting Hie mijontv of the mcmbcis piescnt wore not prepared to pass a lesolution of such a charaetct sti ught away LABOUR CANDIDATES Political nntteis weie almost the sole business befoie the central executive of the Political Laboin Council on Saturday even ing 'Hie follow nig labout candidates at the foithtomiiig elections were endorsed - W D \oung Newlyn, for Daylesford, against Air "M'Lcod D L M'iN amara, for Birnon against Ali Faner, T Tunne cliffc letiring mcnibei Faglchawk, E C Ward-, 1 lemington, and F .nstey, Biuns wiel îclinng members, A Blakey, for Dundas, n(,aiust Sir Hiomson, C Titz Ëeraltl foi Wuirenkoip, agunst Mi .olden loi Htmpden, the reining member for which is Mi Oman, theie mo three Labour eindidatcs, Me-srs J Muniy, D lemplc and F M M ilion The executive decided to obtain information as to the candid »tes before making n selection Mi Jeicmiah Will is the endoibcd candidate foi Port 1 tin against Mi Duffus Port lany is consideicd by the executive lo be the only electorate in which its ideal of oigamsation to be always ready for an election, li is been reached in Victoria The last annual labour confcienco uiged the branches lo select then candidates eaily, and get them into the field also to set about the enrolment of clcctois and the ap pointincnl of ofhccis to cam on elections in the interests of the party The OxecutiA e considcis thal it bus been caught napping a second lune by the Ministiy, tis the last elections were held three months eaihei Ulan expected, and hopes that the lesson Yvill be luipicsscd on (lie bl inches, lo be alvvay s ready for the frav It is estimated that there are 16 000 persons on the federal rolls Yvho aie entitled to vote on the state lolls bul aie not on the slate rolls and it is ussumed that the gicatci pioportion of these would be labDUi a olci s J Fenton, Councillor V Smith and 'N' A Ml-eod arc Hie eindidatcs oficiing in opposition to Mr W Witt foi J-ssendou It is considered by the Labout party thal Mr Evaus MLC would be almost i cer taintv foi Lsscndon if he stood liecuuse he got within a few votes of Mi Watt nt last election Yvhen the loll vv is hundreds less f lYounble to the Libonr pirty than at pie sent \lllioii_h it the poison ii sutilice to himself ot the sihrv he would leccive is a mcmbci ot ti <? Icgislitive _.scinbli Alt 1 y ins 1 is e ohm nted in the intetests ot the pirtv to reniiin in the Council tis his íciircmcnt would k-ive onlv one other Labour reniosenlativc Mi M Lcnnan in tint Clumber Mcssis Plain fat mer Lira and lohn Reed of the Stevedores Union Geelong arc the Laboui eindidates for Gclottg THE NEW PAJIIIAMENT Had the last Parhuncnl not been dis solved it would hive lasted for another 15 months It was elected on March 15 1B0< so thit its members sit for only two in stead of for three sessions Jn such a case the session that is missed is nev cr regained The new Pirbainenl to be constituted at the forthcoming elections will bo an cn tircl} separate one It will be the twtnt. second that has been elected since the grant ing of responsible government and in the ustn] course of cents it wall lost for three vears By no one more than the successful candidates will it le earnestly loped that so far as the new Parliament is concerned events will run their ordinary courbe MR M'KENZTE AT ECHUCA DEFENDS THE PREMIER ECHUCA Saturdnj-Mr Hugh M Ken ne the retiring member for Rodnej ad dressed a largo number of electors in the Temperance h di last night Councillor B R Wdson, in the absence of the ma} or from the town presided Mr MTxcnzic who was received with great applause said that Sir Thomas Bent, in order that the countr} interests might be better conserved had reconstructed his Ministry The counlrj had given such a decided expression of its approval that it would surely be only fair that a chance should be given to the new Alimstry of bringing m legislation Perhaps how ever the present position w as best as it gave the country a further chance of saying what its opinion was Nine-tenths of the liberal part} s policy, as published was an attack on the Picnuer and the remtunmg tenth consisted of ineffective generalities The part} had complained that the Government had not been progressive in the matter of closer settlement and had condemned the Premier and his party for dropping the Land Valuation Bill but it had not even mentioned this matter in its programme. He was not going to advocate everything the Bent Government had done but to say that the Premier had not done good work was unreasonable and not true With nil his peculiarities the Premier had a good practical knowledge of men md matters and was a man v. ho could form a policy and carr} it out to the best interests of the countr} Though rough in exterior and abrupt he had tlie heart of a v.oman was charitable to a fault and willing to assist any cause that commended itself to him as deserving Dealing walli the Murraj waters agree mont Mr M Kendle said it was a question of paramount importance not only to the northern area but to the whole stale Minv members who knew nothing about the matter were simply blocking the bill Mr Watt went so far as to say that be would use everj means in his power in op position to it Unfortunatelj he had the power of oraton-(A v oiee- Gas bag ) and had cal ned with lum many who had no proper knowledge of the Issues nt stake All that was wanted was a icasonable agree mont (Hear hear ) The Age had pub bshed some of the most ridiculous and puerile articles imaginable on the Murriy tride bringing for.vaid the argument that mer hands would be bettei employed building mlwnjs for tnffie than handling river goods He had pointed out the mi possibility of the rainvnjs diverting the trafile os the cost was much greater on land Echuca had nl.rajs been an import ant port on the Murra} Goods came to Lchuca as the nearest ratlwaj point to the seaboard 1 ailing such an, outlet the trade of southern and central Riverina which was now handled in Victoria would un doubtedlj be diverted to South Australia and not as the Age indicated to Vic tona b} an extension of lines to the Mur i j It was tims dueclly in the interest of all Victoria if the trade of Itn erina, was to lie retained that the question of navi gation on the Murriy should be given grave tonsiderition to Mi MKcnzic favoured the increase m the education vote and thought that every effort should bo given for the settlement of people on the lund He had nlw aj s had an objection to loading the land and the Premier now proposed to abandon that lhere had been a great deal said about the exodus of farmers from the state through bad legislation Many young fal mers bael gone v.heie they could get the cheapest 1 ind foi their money and he knew of no legislation toprcventthat Closcrscttlement w ould prov e successful On two properties in the electorate-Wv una and Restdown ex mi] les of the possibilities of closer settle ment were apparent The settlers had for two jears been unfortunate but the pre sent harvest prospects notwithstanding the low rainfall this yeir were good and the settlers give promise of being pros porous A policy could not be condemned because a few had failed The Closer Settlement Board should be made a perma ncnt bodj so that its administration could be earned on in nn intelligent manner The Gov eminent lind been altacked for hav ing had big surpluses ind not reducing lax ilion Ibis was unjust because £250 000 had been reduced in railway freights and 20 per cent bad been taken off the income tax He wanted the people to be fair in their attitude towards the Premier He should not be condemned in small details if the community benefited greatly as a whole by lus actions and administrations In reply lo questions the candidate said that be was not favourible to the abolition of the income tax until a better means of taxation was suggested li was, Iiowevei unfair in instances and operated unjustly ns far is married men weie concerned He thought the Danish sjstem of allowing nn exemption of £10 for every child under 14 years reasonable He favoured the le fcrendttin legarding religious teaching in stale schools "A STJJT LAND TAX " N KOROIT Sunda} -Mr J Wal! laboui candidate foi the Port Tairy beat id dicssed the electois at Koroit last night There was a fair attendance The great question in state politics he said was the compulsoi} resumption of land for closer settlement purposes Ho advocated ob taming lind by means of a. stiff land taje, the holders to bo allowed to value the r land for taxation purposes and the Government to have the nght to resume at such valua tion \t present Hie land was m the hands of a few who said that sheep and cattle were more valuable than men md women He strongly favoured the establishment of a slate b ml of issue, walli all the powers ind exercising all the functions of present banking institutions Huge dividends went to private mdividnols undei the present sys tem These should be saved lo the people of the state State Goveraoi-, should be abolished i ntl so should the Legislative Council ^ omen should not be allowed to do the ivork of men for i much smaller silarj An rletror-\ woman might not bave a famiiy lo keep a lunn has Mi W ill -The question of a family oi no family was not to bo considered It was a question of/nbihtj THE PREMIER US A FINANCIER PORT I AIRY Sunday-Mr Duffus ad dressed a largo meeting of electors in the Poi t Fair} electorate in the lecture hall on Saturday night The mayoi (Counedlor Steele) presided As a supporter of Sir Thomas Bent s Mr Duffus said that he found no fault with the Premier until the last session when the Government introduced the Land Valua tion Bill The Country parti including Mr Murrav persuaded the Premier lo withdraw the bill as it was opposed to the country interests That complaint having been disposed of the Conntrv party insisted that the I inds and I ducntion de p lrtmcnls should be reorganised The Pre miel ag un signified his willingness to meet them and did so Yet thev bid voted against bim At the present time Hu re was m hvstencal outburst igoinst *. i thomas Bent lho} shoal 1 give the Pie mier the credit for managing the lui mee-, in a v. ay they w ero nev ci m maged belore iiie Counlrv p trlv could not afford lo split into factions He thought the Bent pro- gramme a good liberal one 11 e land qucs lion was to be dealt with bv the hmitattou of largo estile. He was opposed lo anv alteration of the present 1 ducation \ct fav ouring a system of bccuhi education COLLLNGWO0D COUNC1LIOR E\ ^SS ADDREbS ""Counalloi H 1 vins the maj or of Col bngwood one oi Hie candidates foi tint con stttuencv addre sed an open au meeting held on Saturday evening on vacant land adjoining tlie \\\ orking Men s Club Tolm sion street Xhcic were about 100 tlectois jirescnt Countdloi Ivans throughout hs speech w is subjeelel to a continuous lue of good humoured m erject oils Ali I v\ lltlc presided Conncilloi Kims said that his justification for coming forward wa3 a desire to pro mote the welfare of the people At pre- sent the state was languishing for want of i leader He was in independent liberal [but would suppoit am measure tint was for the good of the people Tio matter who brought it fonvard-whcthci it w is Bent Mtirriy, or anybody el c i\ hat was le ikiuircd at present was a progicssiio land policy that ya ould set le the people on the 'land He would suppoit inv lind y îlua lion bill tlmt would burst up the laigo estates There weie men in tilt state who owned a million jiounds Yiorth of land Ho was opposed eo uiiuiigi ilion until our ov n people were =cttlecl on the lind Hie preferential voting svslem wmild have his support, because he believed in the majontv ruling not the minority as yyis the case jn many instances now Hie earlv closing ought *o he decided by a referendum of the shopkeepers Now Yvith legard lo the re ltgtous question in the sihools (Cheers, ind dissent ) That fete-heel thom that stirred Jiem all right (..oolloo* and laughter ) He ya ould i of cr that question to a referendum and let the majority settle it one yaba or the .other All knew how he stood on tlie tem per ince qncstion ne was in favour of giving the people the fullest local option [nowers «object to the will of the mnjontv He Yvas totally opposed to the gambling evil in any shape or lorm and yaos also totally opposed to any lund of Sunday trading In answer to questions, Councillor Evans said he was not in favour of the abolition-^-f the «tate Parliament He wonld not sit behind Sir Thomas Bent He could support «omc of the planl-s ot the Labour platfoim, bcc_u°e they were the planks of the Liberals long beiore there YTas a Labour party An Elector -Are y ou m fay our of the sup pression of the imnuficuro of alcohol' Councillor Evans -I am m favour of leav ing it to the majoiit/ to decide A A'oiee -Would you lob a poor man of his beer' Councillor Evans-Tlie poor man I It is nearly always the pool wife that suffers (Cheers and laughter ) An Elector -Did y ou advertise in a morn ing paper foi a man at 2/ a day under the ordman Yiage' Counedlor TA-ans -It's a lie If y on can produce the advertisement I'll retire fiom the contest (Cheers and uproar ) As a matter of fact I have had nearly all the executive officers of the building trade unions working foi me and they can tell you that I always paid the regular Yvage A man mounted the lorry, and said that Councillor Evans had always paid bim the proper va ago The 1 lector-I will produce this piper at y our next meeting (Cheers ) The meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman \ RELIGION AND POLITICS "Rohgion and Polities' formed the sub ject of nn address by the Rev T S B Woodfull at the Methodist Mission Chinch Gipps «treet, Collingwood, yesterday after noon Mr AVoodfulI said that at a time like the present the church had a definite duty to perform At the end of the year we w ere plunged into an election conflict and it ivas for the church lo emphasise those great le- hgious principles tint made for clean go Yernment and just laws Religion and poll ties had eveiything lo do with eich other and religion should permeate a perfect po htical life It Yvas a want of the letog mtion of a sacred trust that led politicians to use their positions foi personal gain 'lammnny hall methods vv ore the rc-ult Men ya ho stood foi boodle and beei and graft, were the representatives of policies without religion Speaking of advanced politics Mi Wood full expressed tlie y lew that foi an atheistic democracy theie was no hope, but for a devout democracy there yvas every possi bility of permanent progress Govern ments had to deal Yvith tile problem of unloclung the land Tint yvos a religious question before it yv is political nuge i eut rolls the selfish holdini. of large estates, blocking men fiom the right of living on the earth, were immoral conditions long before they constituted a political offence Hie religion of Jesus taught fan dealing Yvith land so that it yvontd be impossible lo have idle land side by side with idle hands eager forwork HiequestionsofYvages boards and hours und conditions of labour weie cer tamly political questions, but they were re- ligious questions too Hie light of the worker to a just avago was enforced by God and the man who withheld it was an offence to God as well is unjust to man Again, the conditions of life which turned men out of woil and made it impossible for the willing worl ei to secure Yvoik weie antagonistic to God s will All enactments of goYcrnment that allowed men to cana on trides such as the liquor traffic, Yv.nch demoralised and debased men, weie oppose to the pnnciples of good citi.cnship MR AROYLE AT KYNETON INDEPENDENTS DENOUNCED KYNETON, Sunday -Mr R I Argvle was greeted with a full house when ho opened his campaign in Ky ncton on Satur day cAcning Hie shire president (Conn cillor M P M Kenna) Yvas in the chair Mt Argyle said that he was last îeturned as a supporter of the Bent Government and he claimed to have faithfully fulfilled every pledge he had made Sir Hiomas Bent ya as a man who bad given his life to the affans of the state, md had not spared himself in becoming acquainted Yiith the needs of the country lo day there stood no stionger niau in Acetona than Sir thomas Bent (Appliusc ) -The prejsont political position yvos due not lo tile action of the Prcnuei but to that of those Yvho sitting behind the Government, bid bisely tut ned traitors In an amended Mtmug Bill the Goiernmcnt was making pronsion for a miners wages board ino return, said Mt Argyle ny ovenvhelming imjori ties, of the noAV Ministers (AJessis Dowu ward, Bow sei and Hunt) was a demon sttatne criterion of the feeling of the people Ho noticed that some candidates had dubbed thenisclics Independent!. JLhis Avas simply sitting on a rail Ml SiAin burne who vins standing is an mdepend ont, ya as a declared 1 ind laNei and a com puNoiy resumption of lind ndiocutc whereas Mr Duffy, a dechrcd land I ixei at the last election had dropped both mea sures He ivould sooner sec a strtught out labour opposition membci than an alleged independent for politic ti purpobes ouly But he would ld.e to absolve Air SiAinburnc from any attempt at deception His le tiremcnt fiom the Ministry was actuated by a disldcc for the compromise which poll ttcal pvenls bid recently demanded In refutation of accusations that the Govein ment had not reduced taxation, the candi dale cited the reduction of the income tax percentage charges and tailway frcighls and fares Hie surpluses of six years post had been spent in reducing the slate's liabilities on railways, Yvalerworks, publie works, asylums hospitals, and in assisting mum cipahties lhen Sir Hiomas Bent saved £-40,000 by transferring the states loans from London lo Melbourne He ya as cer tain that the forthcoming elections would display that Sit thomas Bent possessed the fullest confidence of the country Refei nug to his opponent he said that he thought the distnet should be represented by a local man and was confident that there ya ere enough men ot ability, intelh genoe, and enthusiasm aAailable without seeking the sei vices of a Melbourne lawj ei (Applause ) MR D KERR AT BUNINYONG BUNINYONG Sunday - Mr David Kerr gay c his opening address m the Tow n hall last night Mr 1 roderick J Daniel occupied the chair Mi Ken who Yvas well received, said that he thought Mr Murray Bhould haic an opportunity of carrying on the Govein ment ihe 13ent Government had failed to understand the Into position of the settlers Its unpiogressive land policy ya as a reason for Mr Swinburne leaving the Cabinet lhere Yvere __ million acres in the Mallee suitable for settlement, but there must be rulways md wat« It yvas the duty of Uic Government to sup ply these In the last six months 1,000 setUcrs had gone to AVesteni Australia of whom more than half went from Victonn YA bv should the Government buy deal land when it hid millions of ncrcs of land m the Al dice winch could be cheaply and speedily cleared It w is i mistal e for the labom ing el isscs to thin! that immigration w is bl ely to reduce w igos It would mein the creation of new industries the Govein ment should not squandei surpluses in good veu-s, but conserve Hum for bad yens 'Hie Labour party claimed credit lor all use ful nieisuics pis_cd m Pub uncut lint was ridiculous considcnng th it their mun bel in 100- ya as onlv 10 nncl that w us tit ti iime ya hen some of the most democritic and CogressiAO mc istirc-, vvcie la ed Hie .bom pirty va is impotent because of its position is t «cparite parly Hie eondi tons being nu] o el on milling weie com pelling investors lo shut up then pocl ets AA e should be as fin es wo could to ui Yestors consistent with i due legad foi the worker He was standing is m lndc pendent Liberal_ COUNCILLOR CHANTER AT EUROA 1 UROA Sunday - The election cim pngn opened foi \\\ aran gi list niclit when Couneillot Chintei uldies ed ti» clcctoi ne sud that he hud been appioichcd lo be come a candid ite upon the death of Air Mason and before dissolution was thought of Therefore the rumour that he was only standing in the interests of another candidate was unfounded As a farmci, be placed production in the forefront 'ihcio should be a sound pic} of irriga tion, the channels being inn after the construction of the head worl and not be fore as w is now being done [caw outlay on the cistern channels v. liiceould not be filled with vvitci till thclrnvool or the other big rescnoii wa completed, meant a heal, chain on the iourtes ol tlie countrv Better results woulbe attained b\ m iking roads and l uhvat to unsold lands, rather than b. resiling large estates The Bent Govcrnma, had raised the municipal subsidy to whait was foi mcrlj but the rcchssificationf shires hid been bid!, bungled He favued larger subsidies as ignnst the sjsto of ppccnl gnnts Councilloi Clnnter chimed i hive bren instrumental in infiuencing e Govern ment s w111 netting poliej an 111 fcceuring piovision foi v ci min proof fenng on divid jng boundiiics bttvvecn firms Ho would support a cross cotintrv line 1 in Bendigo, and was opposed to the «-capre rtfcttn dum He would be in lniltpulent mern bei, ind sit behind inv Munst tint pro mised to develop the country 1 lines that would mci east production BULLA. MR. ROBERTSON'S SEECn. BACCHUS MARSH, Satuny-Mr. "A. R. Robertson (honorary Histor) ad- dressed a large audience in th.Mcchanics' Institute, Bacchus Marsh, ô Saturday night. The president of the jure (Coun- cillor George T. Dickie) otipicd the chair. j Mr. Robertson, who reecivedi flattering reception, said he valued thejpproval of the people, which in the pastiad always been indicated by large niujorics at elec- tion times. The Premier was bug charged with a great deal he was nq guilty of. When he (Mr. Robertson) was rat elected ho was opposed to Mr. Irvine n two im- portant matters-the separate'-cprcsenta« tion, and also Hie introduction t Scripture reading in stale schools. He wa»reparcd to vote any Government out of oftc on these questions. He stood loyally tdiis convic- tions, formed years ago. Aftehnost care- ful investigation he was stronly of the opinion that the introduction ofhe referen- dum was detrimental to the b4 interests of this state, and the introducth of Bible reading in the schools would drivj our child- ren into separate schools. In sujorting Sir Thomas Bent he was a followetof a great man-a man of determination, Hio was a true Briton, nnd a big-Englaner, and a great Australian, of the Richai Seddon stamp. Most of the faults hi was now charged with had appeared upoi the hori- zon within the last three month) and were the outcome of his political circmstances. tt'hc manifesto published by J}. Murray disclosed nothing more. Sir Tljmns Bent succeeded in keeping his full foowing in {he House until he inf rnrliicpdhÍH land Valuation Bill That bill was mer under stood b} Hie people of this cqntij It may have involved incieased ependiture, but it v. is absolute]} neccssarvto have a statistic ii valuation of the Wa and im proiements of this state made j The Age ' turned against its own policy ii otdet to down Su thomas Bent it n/a.rav from its own policy, and opposed lie bill in older to, as Mr Witt had saic knock Sn Thomas Bent flat on his sloiach with a stuffed club" 'the leconstrition which followed was opposed by onlvlO members of the House, it was demandedpv the mein bers Sir Thomas Bent was lca{ng and the electois confirmed that iccontruetion b. letnming the Ministers bv ocrwhelminc, majorities Ml James d|eron com milled a breich of Parliamciil-ry étiquette by jumping from his pirtj I He, of nil men should not hav e desei ted be party ns ho was opposed to the melusioirif Sir Alex andel Pentocl and Mr Don ildMackinnon If Mi John Mm rai desned tcdo his best foi the people of A ictorn lievould stand behind the picsent Governmot Messrs Munav and Watt bad indeed lied pages of nansnd' but they bid let very few monuments of pnieticil legishton Among the good v. or] s cained out by th Beni Mm istij w-is the consolidation of the Local Government Act windi eoitained 700 chuses, md if it alone hid ben the work of a session it ivis good wölk \ The Gam ing Act and Licensing Act wcr¡ good The Watei Act hid been most becncia] and ho was proud that we had in [letona the semées of one of the greitcst nigation ex pells m the world Mi 1 ¡woodMead, and the Go.ernment should be etedtcd for the great idvance mide m iriigtion mat tors which would benefit Hie people ns a ya hole Ho was oposed to the clauses in the AA itcr |\ct which provided foi pumping licenses He was anxious at the time to commijlhe Minis ter to t definite charge for plaits but ho h id to lal e the matlei ui gool faith that the einige would b-, cquiable, and tint the cost of .the plants and their construction YAorks would be tal en into consideration One . defect m the bill did hoc justify lum I voting t gamst it when it was of great value He (Air Robertson) icccptcd n position in the Cibinet as he thought he had a better cn> portunitA of expressing In» views not only in Cibinet but in Paihament Hie p esent Ministry w as favourible to a progrssn e lind pohcy Sir Hiomis Bent had iban doncd the scheme of electrification o the subuiban niltvaAS which would cost two millions and intended dev otmg that airount in Ihe countrv railway and in .gallon con structions Mr Robei Ison hoped to see the large ireas of land cut up into living arcts owners should recognise then duty to the slate and not hold land out of occupa tton that should be in occupitnn Hie Government intended to revert to the old I md Yet and giv e people an oppor tunily to settle on the Crown linds lid would give good advances to settlers if thev w ere improving then holdings He fay ottrtd the removal of He present land tax He trouble was lo substitute one for the prr sent tix A wealth tax oi property tax that would hit both luml and urban property nhl o would be more lust Ihe ummpiovcd Innd tax as adv ccatcd by the Labour pirty would not suit the people of this country is ya eil as the income tax Ho Yvould f ivour an unimproY ed I ind tax with a high cxemp tion in profeie ice lo the present land tax Conncillor W II Al 1 irlane T P pro- posed a y ote of confidence in All Robertson Yvluch Avae, seconded by Councillot Tames AVatson ya ho tem irked that Mr .Robertson was the most active and energetic member am electorate coidd have Hie motion was earned by hoartA applause ind the meeting terminated by three cheers for Mr Robert son GIPPSLAND NORTH MR KLOGH AT SALP ' 'JALE, Sundaj -Mi H P Keogh ad drcssctfthe electors nt the Victoria hall on Satuiday mglil, the major of Sale (Council lor tinegan) piesidmg Mr Keogh said that whethei the Go vernoi was light or not in gianting the dis solution, the effect was the same The action of the Goveinorwas unconstitutional and as far as he knew unpieecdcnted They had a nujoritv of 12 in the House quite willing and quite capable of carrjing on the business of the countrv and it w is the usual jmictice to exhaust the House before pul ling the countrv to the expense of a general election If the Country partj ltturned strong enough to fonn a Mnnstrj, whether under the leadership of Mr Murrav oi Mi Swinburne, he (Mr Keogh) would nthci follow Mr Murray and his choice of Miuistcis than Sn Thomas Bent Some of Sir Thomas' Bents actions, of i similar nature lo making Mi Holden eliminan of the Geelong Harbour Irust, and Mr Moule a judge imounted to gross corruption and misuse of public funds Mr Bow sei ind Ml Downward wert loudest m denoimting the Bent Govern ment ind v ct v. hen the i construction carne bo'h took ofiico in tim Mtmstrj and com Sinned about being thrown out m a week Ir Keogh commented on the Bnghton tnmw-iv incident and denounced the sys tem of loading land When asl ed w hy he had followed Sir Thomas Bent so long Mr Keogh said that the Country paity did not find out these things all at once Anything good m ^n Thomas Bents pi osent policv emanated from the Countrv put. He denounced sw utting in the 3 ducation and Police de partments npprov eil of lcduction in freights and fares m the Rul.vny department but objected to the didoieiico between countrj ind subuiban fares In leply to t question as to whether he would actepl i poitfolio nndci Sir 1 bomas Bent, Mi Keogh said that he would not AIR LYOV RETIRE^ Mr Wnltei I von the selected Ministerial cindidale for Gippsland Noilh announces that owing to domestic nu inge lienta in tcrfciing with his campaign lie will not be a candidate ELECTION SPEECHES Owing to a difficult} regarding the en ¡,u-cmcnt oí Uie hall Ali Swinburne wall not uldress the electors of his constitnencv until Thtirse'av night lhc nddresi will bt dchvtrel m Hie Hawthorn low ii hall Ah Al I cod the Minislci for ¡Mint« will address a meeting at Daylesford to morroYV night PROBABLE CANDIDATES. BALLAR-T BALL ARAf Sunday - Tlie ballot taken by the I-aboui League lo select a can didatc for the two Ballarat seats yv-as counted on Sunday night Ah- A N M Ivis boc! will be the Labour candidate for Bal larit AVcst and Mi Alexander btcivart for Ballarat 1 ist BALLAR VT WEST BAT LARAT Saturday -. meeting was held to mehi to select i Liberal candidate to stand for Ballarat West It yvos stated that several gentlemen had been up proached and h id declined to contest the seat 1 he name of Af r R. I A ale was submitted to the meeting and an tdjourn mont was made until Tuesday night to per mil of the situation being fuitbcr con bidercd 1LEMINGTON Councillor Alexander M Donald of Toots cray, has decided lo oppose Mr L C Warde for the 1 lemington seit. At the last election Mr Warde defeitcd him by SO a oles PRAHRAN The Prahran branch of the PIC has received the nominations of P M Carthy and A Robint« for the Prihran ennshtu ency The finnl selection will be made to morrow night POLAV-RTH COLAC Sunday -AL John Hancock one of the candidates foi Polwuilh an noiinces himself as an independent liberal and gencnl followci of Air Murray Ile ivoirin give a labour Goieimncnt a chance if they had a majonty AVAR.NGV HDATHCOTE, Sunday -Air H D Thomas (shire secretary of M Ivor Shire) has definitely decided to contest the elec loratc of Wilunga ne has silted tint he is opposed lo the Bent Ministry and in favour of joining a strong Countiy party CLERGYMAN'S COMMENTS BENDIGO, Sunda} -The Rev H Wor rill m lefcrnng in the Torcst street Me thodist Church to-night to the political cnsiB, said that His Lxcellency the stale Governor was receiving a good deal of liol criticism because he had decided upon a dissolution He (Mr Worrall) was inclined to think tint His Lscellency bad acted with commendable wisdom and a considerable nmonnl of moral courage It wns much easiet to charge the Governoi with being the dupe of a disappointed and plotting politician than it was to piove it The} who sawj and heard the Go.ernor m Bon di¿o last week were disinclined to think be was n man easily twisted liround anj politician s thumb K the appeal to the masters of Parliament resulted in the root ing out of men who had been more intent on their own personal gain than upon the stnbibty and progress of legislation then there would be ample reason for rejoicing If the chniges agimsl certain members of Parliament were trite then there was political corruption tint called loudlv for castigalion If they were not ttue, what of the mendacity and cnnnnality of those who had invented them' There had been some names obliterated from the records of the state by the social reform mov ement A.hile the Government had enacted hws to punish those who traded on the Sab bath the same Government was tile gleitest Sabbath brcakei, and pushed and advertised its Sunday trade He hoped nn mquirj would be made into the unncccs saij wotl railwav officials had to do on Sunda, s The sudden dissolution had pro vented the countrv having the Scripture m state schools referendum The relent less luerirchv and Pap ii power would banish the Bible from the schools, and would with equal pleasure banish the state school system TO NIGH1 S MEETINGS ESSFNTJOX -Mr w A Watt Moonee Ponds Town hull 8 rUilllNGTOls - Mr 1, C wurde commltte-c rooni Racecourse road 8 FLEMIKOTOX - Councillor v M Donald friends and supporters Town hall Kensington 8 JlhAJlKV.-Mr J G Membre} friends and sup portr-13 Rcchabitc-hall Preston B MEUIOURM. -Mr J A Boyd St. Patricks Hall 8 PRAUIt V\ -Mr Donald Mackinnon 13G Toorak ron! 8 TOOK \lv -Mr dorman Bavles friend« and sup porters Methodist school room W illUms road an 1 Toorak rond 8 lICTOItlW CITl/rxS JEAGUF (South Mol bourne Branch) -WaUi a albert park Hotel 8 _______«._. 