. BRÍEF ITEMS. Many surprises at the polls. Still hettvy weather on thc coast. Mr. .Kidston apparently, triumphant. I hilp Government hopelessly beaten. . .. Alstonville snow next Wednesday and Thiirsduy. In parts- of New Zuulund deer aro be coming a pest. Lecture ut Rosebank to-night by Kev. J . Thompson. Another good attendance at the bowling green yesterday. lion. John i'erry will be In Ballin'.), next. Tuesday ut midday. -N'ursr.'H Kay and'Veness, ol' Ballina Hos pital, have resigned. Ilallina C-op. Refrigerating Co. inviting applications for auditor. in New Zealand lust week a native found a pearl In a pippy. Several infants have died in Lismore during tho past two wicks. Mallina Council protest against the com pulsory system of book-keeping. On Saturday, in London, choicest Dan ish butter was quoted at 12S/-. The .Minister for Agriculture, Air. Perry, opens Alstonville show next week. For serving a drunken m'.in in a Syd ney hotel, a bannan- was lined £'ö. The proposal to form a Fedoral Depart ment of Agriculture has boon revived. The infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. P. Cronin, of Boatharbour, died yesterday. Mr. (Jay, _ proprietor ol' tho Ballina "Beacon" is installing a typo setting ma chine. HardstufT, the Knglish cricketer, on Sa turday completed 1 OOO runs for tho pro sent tour. Nominations for Nimbin handicap to 1« run nt sports on l-l th inst, close on Saturday. Tile mystery surrounding the murder of Mary Graham at Brfïiarat has not yet been elucidated. Tho Kev. Thomas Hird, ex-president of the W.A. Methodist Conference, committed suicide in Perth. Several Knglish immigrants arrived by the Brundah on Tuesday. Some ot them arc in search of lund". It is reported' that Mr. 1). Crowley, for merly. «if Lismore, hos purchased a bakery business at Tintenbar. Tile infant daughter of Mr, and Mr«. W.. H. Talbot, of Cowlong, «lied in Lismore last night, nt IO o'clock. Mr. Carruthers will be the solo olliciat representative of New South Wales ut the Franco-British ICxposition. A few showers' of rain fell last night. and early this morning. The evening was very oppressive indoors. A witness in describing the language us ed in thc Bexhill case, said it flowed ns freely as water ironv a tank. On discovering that his sanitary ratos were unp'iid ut the time of his election. Aid. Temperley resigned his sent in the council. The rate of wages for unskilled labour in New Zealand II'JS risen greatly of late. Farm hands are getting 12.V- to 30/- per week. \ Sir Patrick I Icron . Watson, tho famous Scottish physician, died in Kdinnur;$h',"cm Pécembor 2T, at the age of 75, from-heart failure. Torrential ruins have fallen in" thc Nor manton (Queensland) district. At Nor manton 18 inches were registered, and 15 inches fell at Croydon. The Postmaster-General says that in 1006 the cost for construction of tele phones was £19,573, while in 1907 it had! leaped up to £03,400. .Múdame Melba, will leave Melbourne in the ll.M.S. Orontes on February 125, pro ceeding first to Naples, and from Naples she will motor to Paris. Mr. Munger, Postmaster-General, thinks the proposal to transport German crimi nals to the German colonies in the Pacific disquieting, if not. alarming. An elderly man named August llurherg was found (lead outside his hut at Tya garah, byron Bay. The deceased was a g irdener, and an old resident . Alderman Meagher moved -'it. lest, meet ing of the Sydney Municipal Council that th" American fleet now cruising in the Pacific l-c invited to visit Australia. The. Lismore Caledonian Socio'y intend entertaining Mr. ,A. G. Hobortson at a river" excursion on iicdnesday next prior to his departure for the Old Country. Tho bite H. B. Ilonnld, who (lied in Kent, Kroglnnd, left estate in the Cnitcd Kingdom valued gt £00,740, and in New South Wales of the net. value of £102.(W4. The Political Labour Conference negativ ed a proposal that the State own and work a sufficient number of coal mines to provide for the requirements of State in dustries. Ked water is very prevalent among stock in Southern Queensland. One Tweed River man with a property over tho border has lost, 30 head of milking cows and a valu able bull. Dr. Ashburton Thompson, returning to Sydney, stilted nt Fremantle that he had attended the medical conference nt Berlin, but could not. claim that. he. learned any thing new rognrding plague. Tho senna at Sydney Heads on Sunday morning was one of indescribable gran deur. Lying inside were no less than 15 stormers, while the (!np wns filled with, foam from the mighty billows. Mrs. Margnret Mansfield, who resided in tho Robertson district for upwards of 50 yenrs, was buried on Saturday. The deceased was in ber 01 st year, and wns mnrricd before Queen Victoria ascended ? tho throne. At Broken Kill seven of tho 12 aldermen elected nre labour mon. At Temora the labour section captured' nil tho seats, nine in number, ousting the Mayor. At Grnn \'IHo, however, tho entire labour contin gent was routed. . Dr. C. L. McCarthy, n. well-known Mel bourne medico,' who has just returned- from, his sixth . tour of tho- world, says Iro .l'.irid is in a terrible state. . People are leaving it nt the rate of 40,000' a. year, and ia,OOO a year aro dying from con sumption. .? ??.??..??-.... i ?? A' writer in tho Ballina. "Beacon" says í -"Residents of.-.tho -.Richmond. River dis trict - who- visitod Kinma show on Mon day Inst do. not spen.k in very high terms of ,tho ' management. of same. Alter !aIL none of the South . i;onst. shown come up" to thc standard of'those on the North Const." . ? . ? -, . . ! At an electoral revision court at Kilmore ("Vic) attention wns drawn to tho fact that In the. written list supplied by the Shire Secretary thc occupation of a. Pres byterian minister wn's given ns/ "sky pi lot/' Another clergyman was down ns "parson." ? The presiding magistrate said the party responsible for this flippant des cription was liable to a fine of £50. 