THE APRIL MAGAZINES. "THE DEMAGOGUES OF FREE- TRADE." Mr. J. L. Garvin, one of the ablest of the English journalists who are championing tne cause of tariff reform, has chosen this as the title of an article in the "National Review," in which he combats the state ment of the "Spectator" that "tariff reform and Socialism are one at the root," nnd conclusively proves that the very opposite is tho case, and that the cry for free food was a wire puller's war cry, a catchword for demagogues, nnd the motto of an im posture. Not only so, but "in the latest and host hook upon the rise of the labor movement in England, the use of free food as an electioneering device of irresistible value is practically claimed as a Socialist invention." Nay, from the time thnt the Socialists raised the cry until the last general elections "they were among the most vehement and least scrupulous ex ploiters of the lie that has proved even dearer than the. loaf." And those who, out side of that party/ echoed it helped to create the state of feeling in the United Kingdom which gave the present Govern ment its unparalleled majority, whereas, as Mr. Garvin observes, "tariff reformers from first to last have been tho only real anti- demagogues in. politics," the simple truth being that "all the opponents of tariff re form are Socialists without knowing it," because in practical politics, as he goes oh to point out, this reform is the only con- -ceivable alternative to Socialist finance, which nims nt direct taxation exclusively, so as to shift the entire burdens of the State on to the shoulders of a limited sec tion of the community instead of their ,'ne hy an equitable distribution of them by tho entire mass. Formerly it was justly contended by those who were excluded from the franchise that there should be no taxation without representa tion, and the violation of that principle JS to the American War of Independence, it). day , however, Socialism is virtually adopting as one of its watchwords "repre sentation without taxation," and as the majority rules it is claimed that the reve nues of a nation should be administered by those who contribute nothing whatever, or only an insignificant proportion, ito the national income. "CAN SCIENCE ABOLISH WAR?" A highly , sensational i article under this heading appears in the "Contemporary Re view" from the- pen of Cblonel F. N. Maude, C.B., late of the Royal Engineers. After describing the changes which the weapons of war have undergone from the time of the short swords of the Roman legionaries down to our own davs, the writer proceeds to discuss the certain consequences of the next great war, in which it appears to be almost certain that the mother country will be on- gaged in the course of a few years. Sup posing Great Britain were defeated, tlie in demnity she would be compelled to pay, added to the direct and indirect costs of the conflict, would l-aire tho national debt to £2,80l).u00,000; "by far the larger propor tion of our businesses would become insol vent, and every capitalist who had survived the war would , tnake all haste and find a more favorable field — probably in Canada or Australia. But could the working rucn follow liim? Would Canada, Australia and South Africa suffice to absorb not les3 than 5,000,000 with their wives and families? Would the colonial labor leaders wclcomv such an influx of skilled hands, who of ne cessity would' be tho pick of the whole race, for no one would assist the unemployable to cross the ocean? My own Arm convic tion is that if the calamity of defeat ever does overtake us the doom of the British islands is sea led." But if tlicy should emerge victorious from such a battle of giants, the vanquished nation or nations would suffer corresponding calamities, from which they would not rally for generations. In the meantime the colonel tells us of the new weapon invented by Mr. Simpson, which will enable slielis to be thrown irom London into Paris nnd vice versa, with un initial velocity of 30,000 feet a secoud, and would result in the total destruction of the city chosen us their objective. And since these projectiles are said to he cajiable of sweep ing a territory from end to end, the writer asks, "Would this argument suffice to re strain publie opinion (from engaging in war), or would it not?" The only answer 'to this question appears to ho that, "al- > though under 1 quite normal conditions the .reply 'may be obvious, yet a' nation m a great war is like a man in delirium— no one can forecast its- actions." THE BRITISH AND GERMAN NAVIES. The. German Kaiser's "indiscreet, im proper, and, at the moment dangerous, letter to Lord Twceduiontli, is the princi pal topic of discussion in the "Ohronique of foreign affairs in the "fortnightly Re view" this month. According to the writer of it, the Germans "recall tlie fact and ignore the. causes of our seizure of the- Danish fleet a hundred years ago," and fear a repetition of it by Great Britain. The Emperor shares in these apprehensions, and now that his navy of the future is half created, lie -realises the deadly danger which may intervene before it is: complete. This being so, the writer contends that "we are making the greatest possible mistake in not taking the financial offensive." But, we may remark in passing, this is scarcely to be expected from a Ministry in widen the First Lord of the Admiralty sends a copy of tlie naval estimates to the Kaiser beloro tliey are laid upon the table of tlie House of Commons, and the Secretary of State for War is known to be highly sym pathetic towards Germany. At present, as the article under notice reminds us, as long, as the cost' of the increased navy only rises slowly and gradually, German -taxpayers will acquiesce in their additional burdens. Accordingly "we shall never benumb and daunt our adversary as we desire unless we take the financial initiative lit some one point .with overwhelming decision, nnd bring in a programme which Germany for years oould not follow without dislocating her strained and inelastic treasury system, or making ii desperate effort whieh would, so plainly reveal her concentrated desire to the dullest sceptic in this country as to make the English people rise in the resolve to face the danger . and bleak it at once." Now, -the Kaiser's 1 letter1 was written to deprecate nn increase Of the Britis naval estimates, While it likewise complained of the press of the United Kingdom con stantly referring to Germany as the only enemy. But this is because the self-styled "Admiral of. the Atlantic" has taught us to regard him as such, nnd because his navy is notoriously hcing prepared as "tlie mean's of bringing German militaiy strength to benr upon the island without an enemy, and is furnishing, in a word, the swimming apparatus for amphibious power on the inost formidable scale that has ever yet existed." ' INDIAN GRIEVANCES. How far tho disaffection in India may be the result of the policy of exclusion which is being adopted towards Hindu immigrants by tlie various British colonies it would be difficult to determine, but it is of import ance to iearn what are the sentiments on the subject entertained by a high class member of that nationality, writing an article upon the "Anomalies of Civilisation" in the "Nineteenth Century." This is Ameer Ali, C.I.E., who was formerly a judge of his Majesty's High Court of Judi cature in Bengal, the province in which a feeling of dissatisfaction lias manifested it self most strongly, and where, lie says, "the desire for progress and development," which is regarded as natural and meritorious in western countries, is stigmatised as "rest lessness." Bjieaking of the pagan Empire of Rome, he remarks that it "extended to all its subjects the rights of citizenship, so that the 'provincial' was as much entitled to the full enjoyment of those privileges a„ the Roman born, whereas," he complains, "the Christian Empire of Great Britain cannot secure considerate treatment for its 'provincials'- in its own colonies." That this line of policy on the part of tlic latter rankles in the mind of a thoughtful and cultivated Moslem in India is very evident from the caustic tone of Ameer Ali's com ments upon it, and from the contrast he draws between the more favorable treat ment accorded to such foreign aliens as Levantines, non- naturalised Jews, Greeks, Maltese and others in British colonics, and that which is extended to "the clever, sober and honest Moslem, who is classified as an undesirable Asiatic." And he presently goes on to make the significant statement that although at present the people of India "cannot make an effective retort to the insults and humiliations to which tlicy are subjected by the colonials," yet these will stimulate them to obtain the kind of self- government enjoyed by the latter, and such as will "enable them to demand, and per haps secure, reciprocity of fair treatment." Falling this, it is not difficult to read be tween the lines of the article, thaMho-alter- native will be a vigorous effort to shake off the British yoke. THE NEW SPIRIT IN INDIA. There is much matter for serious re- flection in a paper on this subject in the "Albany Review," by Mr. H. W. Ncvinson, who was present at the last Indian Na tional Congress herd at Surat last Christ mas, and seems to have made a careful study of Indian feeling on the spot. As tlie result of hi3 observations and inqui ries, lie declares that tlia new spirit of antagonism to British rule in India is largely due to tlie -tollowing causes:— To Lord Curzon's contemptuous disregard of Indian opinion by the partition of Bengal; to his University speech upon Indian mendicancy; to tlic deliberate .exclusion of fully qualified Indians from public posi tions; to several notorious cases of injus tice in the law courts where English cri minals were concerned; and to the abusive insolence of the vulgar among Anglo- Indians, as shown in their habiaia de meanor to the natives. For these and ft>r many other reasons, occasional outbreaks of bloodshed and threateningB of revolt take place: and there is a growing party in India whieh "believes that only by such means can England's attention be aroused and any permanent advantage . for. their country obtained." The old faith in the British administration of justice is dying out, and thus our hold upon the loyalty and attachment of the people is being relaxed. There is a new movement, the motto of whieh is "Our country for itsclF'; and so cieties and orders for the promotion of Indian ideals are growing up in all direc tions; and the reforms they aim at, al though originally religions and social, are gradually" becoming political as well, with tnisresaiit, writes Mr, Nevinson, "that there will undoubtedly be an increased, demand for self-government." The position then, is this, he t<11o n«. Great Britain must either 'welcome the hew spirit of freedom and nationality- in India which she -has. done so much to create; or, in contempt of the freedom she .has with such labor se cured for our fellow subjects, at home, she may commence by Suppressing all such aspirations in the Kant, and, advancing from suppression to persecution, she may thence -pass- into the perpetration of such atrocities, as we should now shudder at. THE PROBLEM OF THE UNEM- PLOYED. This is dealt with in much fulness by Mrr W. H. Bcveridge in the "Contemporary Review," who contends that "all hope of a remedy for the evil depends upon look ing at it irom its positive, not its negative, side; -in seeing the casual laborer not sim ply as unemployed, but as a man badly em ployed, because under -employed,, tlie . subject of a persistent social disease-, strictly, analogous to sweating." -Such a man, however, as it is pointed out. is often chained down to. his unemployed . condition by reason of his ignorance and of habit more binding than any law, and there is no way of abolishing the class to which ho belongs, it is argued, except that of abolishing the system of employment which produces it and depends upon its existence), Mr. Beveridge proposes that "the State having diagnosed the disease of under employment— an indirect form of. sweating far worse than the direct form— . should ray upon employers the respoiisi-, biljty of either themselves preventing the occurrence of the -discoid, or that the State sliould.be put in a position to prevent it.; i an employer's Wprk is already .regular, or if lie can make it regular, or if by com bining with otheis to vet. up a private labor exchange he can distribute his own irregu lar work so as to give a sn,ffieieney of em ployment to all who are employed by him, lie may go. on liis way rejoicing." But if this he not done voluntarily by pmployers, then, as an alternative, tlie State .must jn- Btitnte sneh a labor exchange, and ivs jirac- tical effect would be to provide' full emtiloj'- ment for those who arc either unemployed or only employed half their time; 'and a system of State emigration should be ; cs< tablislied, ill order to remove the overplus to those colonies in which a demand exists ;for, labor. GOVERNMENT BY JOURNALISM. ' In the same review, Mr. TV. T. Stead, who was editor off the "Pall Mall Gazette" at the time Gordon was despatched to tlie: Soudan, replies to a passage in which Lord Cromer, in his recently published "Modern: Egypt," acknowledges that -the main re sponsibility for this incident rests with that journal, nnd quotes it as a shocking example . of "government by journalism." 'Mr. Stead recapitulates tlie. whole history- of that tra- gical - episode: - and shows , that at every ': stage of it the -press- was right and Lord Crotner waX Wrong. From tho mOmohtAtlie news' of- the destruction of Hicka's ' en live- force arrived in London, the "PalY Mall Gazette" rang up the alarm .hell incessnntlv, urging the necessity '.of immediate relief being sent, ' Lord Grcnville recommending Gordon for .the purpose; but Lord Cromer's attitude is !dc- Scribed as one of dawdling indecision and procrastination. Then , came General Coetlogin's solicitation for an order to re treat from Khartoum, and the whole of the British press recommended the instant de spatch of Gordon, thither with full powers to treat with the Mabdi. Once- again there wore hesitation and delay irt Cairo. At length Gordon's appointment was assented to by Lord Cromer, but he was to take his instructions from tlie British, represen tative in Egypt, while the "Pall Mall Gnzctte" protested against such a condition as fatul to the sufceSs of Gordon's mission, and so it is al leged to have proved. Arrived at Khar toum, the general implored that lie l.Uight: have a free hand, -but Lord Cromer was; obdurate, and Gordon's persistent ajVpliTsir! tions to be allowed to employ Zobeir I'aslva, i which were bucked up by the English press, - were peremptorily , refused. In tliis emer- j gency the general asked for the issue of in structions to send a small Indian1 force to Berbet'. This' was strenuously -advocat ed by tho .'Tall Mall Gazette.!' and refused. He next telegraphed for per mission to evacuate . Khartoum, to which Lord Cromer replied by the order to "hold on:" After this, as Mr. Stead remarks, "Gordon was hemmed in, : utterly unable to extricate himself, much less the garrison," and we are all painfully i familiar with the closing scene of tlie tra gedy. It would certainly appear that in; this instance, at least, "government- by journalism" would have been attended wuth. much better results than govcrnmcut by a bureaucracy at Cairo. i THE IMPATIENCE OF SOCIALISM.. This is the theme of an article in the "Nineteenth Century," in which Mr. /'..fit. W. Hoare combats the too prevalent idea that Socialism is to be treated as a mere "bogey," since it is really a well organised movement, full of life and enei'gy, and of steadily increasing importance; and inas-i much as it constitutes a real danger to the' prosperity of the State, it is imperatively necessary, thnt that danger should bo avert ed by equal vigor and equal thoroughness on tho part of all who perceive tho peril, and wish to serve the civilisation of the higher raves of the world, Which it has taken centuries to build up, from becoming a heap of ruins, and order and authority from being replaced by anarchy. ".Social ism" is, indeed, a misnomer, hecause it is a system that is distinctly anti-social, for the very obvious reason that it aims at the overthrow of Bociety as it is now consti tuted, and at the establishment of a. state of things only possible if every man' and woman were unselfish in the highest de gree and were capable oi an amount of. self- effacement and of sacrificing themselves for the good of others whieh may be the attri butes of angels, but are certainly not those of human beings in their present backward phaee of moral and spiritual .development. Mr. Hoare makes it very apparent, by ex tracts from the "Catechism of Socialism" and other works of a similar character, that atheism is the religion of the Socialist, and materialism his Gospel ; that Socialism is Hostile to private property in every form; that it is essentially revolutionary, poli tically and economically, as it aims at the complete overthrow of existing . economic and political conditions"; tlmt it is opposed to property in children, and demands that marriage should be made "an association terminable at the will of cither party." Some Socialists go 60 far as to include the repudiation of the national debt among the immediate "reforms" which Bhould he in stituted, by tlie simple process of running the pen across the debtor side of the pub lic ledger: while taxation in any form is to be avoided as "a discouragement to the industrial virtues." Outside of a lunatic asylum it is difficult to imagine proposi tions of ibis kind being put forward with any degree of seriousness, and yet it seems they are promulgated and embraced by numbers ot persons who are not Under any form of restraint. 