CABLEGRAMS BRITI8H AND FOREIGN. ('Herald' Sped*) Serrioe.) THE HYDERABAD FLOOD. TERRIBLE DEATH ROLL. London, Saturday Evening . — A special correspondent describes Hyder abad us 'a black grave.' He states that -300 corpses were removed from tin. slutli of the baiiUs of the River Musi on Thursday from one spot, and 1DU on Friday. Ho computes tlio death-roll of the terrible flood at 5(1,(100 souls, and the damage done at 13 millions sterling. SEHIOUS RAILWAY STRIKE. STRESSFUL ACTION FOR PEACE. Hcuter's Paris correspondent states that the employees on the Al gerian section of the Paris J-yniis-Mediterraiiean Railway have struck, owing to the dismissal of two conveners of a meeting of railway men, which resolved that the men would cith:r desert of refuse to r.Tvc in war time. The meeting was also opposed to the transport of troops tu tin' liontior in war time, and in fa vor nf general strikes b;i»g carried out in time of peace. Tbo mooting was held at the instance of tho Railway Men's National Syndicate. INDIANS IN TRANSVAAL. The Indians ancsted at Komatip oort, Traiuvaal, a fen- days ago, on n (?Iibi^o of bi-iiiK prohibited immigrants, have been fined £25 each, or two months in gaol. KOJiUEilY NEAR TABRIZ. RUSSIAN MAILS LOOTED. A number of bandit horsemen in the Shah's service, operating outside the rebel rity of Tabriz, Persia, stole the Hussion mails and robbed the Cossack escort of their arms. SWIMMING. Tartakovrr, the Australian swimmer, lias noil the Southern Counties 220 yards championship in 107 l-5th sec. ROWING CHAMPIONSHIP. W. Barry ,thp English oarsman, who is to row 'Towns, tho Australian . for tlu 'Sportsman's' Cup and tho cham pionship of England early during the prir.'iit month, rowed tho full course from Putney to Mortlakc to-day i'n l,3O3;see. Towns, who rowed over ine distance on Friday, took l,345sec. f.'KXTLE IW011Y FOOTBALL. Hiirnc, who broK'e both his legs in nn accident during the opening game of the 'Wallabies (tho Australian Nugby football team), and who will, jt is reckoned, be somo time ill hospital, is progressing satisfactorily, DANISH ALBERTO'S FRAUDS, Tho Danish Farmers' Association, nhicji nas ljcavily involved by the ; frauds of M. Alberti, who recently de- i frauded the Zealand Peasants Bank, cf - whirli he was managing director, and In { which tho Farmors'B Association were I the chief shareholders, out of £1,000,000, has decided to go into li quidation. BAPTIST UNION. Tho Baptist Union of Bradford has resolved unanimously that the Govern ment ought to deal with the matter of education immediately, or at least con currently with tbo licensing; question. Dr. Clifford warned the Government that they must act courageously, or they will find that they are playing liith edged tools. If the House of Lords rejects the Education Bill, the Baptists, Dr. Clifford states, will do their utmost to end tlie hereditary Srinciplo of the House. The Union cplored the large increase in unemploy ment, and urged the Government and municipalities to provide employment on an adequate scale. COTTON TRADE LOCK-OUT. ESTIMATEiTaoO.OOp IDLE. It is expected thai during next week 300,000 hands will he idle through the lock-gut in the cotton trade, SEELY ON COLORED WORKERS. Major Seely, Under Secretary for tbe Colonies, speaking at Liverpool) de clared that if any community required cheap Asiatic labor, then the laborers muot have the rights of citizenship extended to them. BULGARIA PREPARING. WILL THERE BE WAR? There is a significant movement in progress in Bulgaria, which country is actively purchasing prmy remountB. Th^ feeling between Turkey and Bul garia is exceedingly strained, over the seizure by the latter of tlie Oriental Railway. THE EDUCATION ACT. There in a renewal to the operation of tho Education Act, 1003, in the form of passive resistance. The property of six persons indulging in passive re sistance, including two ministers, has been seized and eold at Berwick to pay tho education rate,' LJCENSINU BILL. ONLY 700 a'mENDMENTS. Tho Government will devote 28 days to a rousideration of the Licensing Bill in the House of Commons. There are no less than 700 amendments to tlie Bill to be dealt with, many being by Liberal members of the House. AMERICAN FLEET AT MANILA. London, Saturday Evening. — Admiral Sperry and the American fleet havo ar rived at Manila, on their way to Japan from Australia. PLAGUE AT KHEDIVE'S PALACE. A European coachman and a native groom have becu removed from the Khedive's Palace, Egypt, suffering from p)aguq. ? '?' . -™ ' ' PEACE OF THE BALKANS. There is a better outlook in regard to tbo maintenance of peace in tho Balkans. Several PowcrR, including Vxrmany, have welcomed Russia's pro posal for a conference of the siiJBa torieR of the Berlin treaty concerning (.he jiiriairal inierpjjetntion of ccf'iltfu hiticIps of the Beiliu treaty, more es pecially in relation to the status of tho Koumelian railways, CARNEGIE'S 'HERO FUND.' Asked how far his 'horo fund' ap plied to British seamen, Mr Andrew Cnrni-Kie, die PitUiutirg millionaire, ro p lird that he di.l u.it think it \\-raeUc- yl.lp to extend (he oix'inlion of tlie fund Imyimd tho British isles nnd tho waters thereof. FINANCIAL CONSIDERATIONS. *i i. .'!y T«loEraph' states that if frl°. »ntwh revenues continue to shrink at tlin same r»lo as lately, in . Jll.n.nJ°1n- l-ftvi(] Lloyd-George's dis k trust, the Chancellor of the Exchequer aywill find that there ib likely to bo n H^ deficiency of eight millions which he mwBt moot,, besides upwards of ten me ltons nor annum for old age imiwd.ib, and also an extra four milfionB !w the j »avy, ... .;?..?? ? . ? TESTAMENTARY. Tbo 'Dail Mail' states that th« p-;i- 'eonalty of the late Sir Henry Campbnll Bannerman is under £60,000 in value, 'ilie late. Sir Henry's brother, James Alexander Campbell, left, estate valued at £210,020. ([Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman was originally Campbell, he being the youngest son of tho late Sir James Campbell, of Stracathro, ForfarBhire. He assumed the name of Banneraau in addition to his own, under the wil of his maternal uncle, tho late Henry1 Banner man, of Hauton Court, Kent). CHOLERA DECREASING. Tho cholera visitation at St. Peters burg is steadily decreasing. ? GREECE AND TURKEY. A remarkable cnteno cordialc is spoken about in influential circles. Thero is some talk of an alliance be tween Turkey and Greece, and in this connection there have been soino strik ing demonstrations at Constantinople. (If an alliance is arrnnged between Greece and Turkey, it will deserve to rank as one of tho most notable things in human history. For many hundreds of years .they havo been tho deadliest and bitt™-?.it of foes, listing encli other with an intensity without parallel in ancient or modern tim?s, and tho lapse of the centuries has not served to sof ten that fooling, which has existed right to our own time. The Greek has had to bite the dust with his back teeth all too frequently, and as the Orepfc is above all proud, and justly so because of his history and achievement, the process lias bs'i'ii most mollifying. However, the trend of ill? pas1, feu1 years seems to havo abated tlio furious regard in which these pcoplo foolishly held each other). A DIVIDEND. Tho Trust Agency Company of Aus tralia has declared a dividend of S per cent. 'RAT BRITAIN AND GERMANY. Right Hon. Lewis Harcourt, M.P., speaking at Crawshnre Booth, Lanca shire, said there was not tne shadow of foundation for the lialf craven, Chauvanistic alarms that the Govern ment iiould leave Great Britain de fenceless. Our naval supremacy, said Mr Harcourt, will be maintained, whatever the eost, and any probable sacrifices will be better met from an evor- incroasijig ' wealth rather than by loans. The lion, gentleman declared that never within the last 15 years had (iieat Britain's relations with Germany, ' whether commercial, colonial, political, rr dynastic, born on a firmer or more friendly footing than to-day. No ani mosity existed between tho two great Governments or pcopIcB. RHOUDDA VALE VANQUISHED. London, Sunday. — Tho Australinn ioague football team met the Hhoud'la Vals team yesterday, The for m*r ccored four goals four tries, to Rhoud da Vales two tries. Tho attendance was disappointing. The ground was dry during tbo first half, when Morton, Messeger (2), and Jones scored trio'. Mosniiged kicked throe goals in the ta rond half, and then drop-kicked a tf.al. Subsequently Wrctmore and Thomas scored trios for Rhondda Vole in a heavy foa, which overspread tbe round. Messenger's play throughj it was most brilliant. 'WALLABIES' DEFEAT CORN WALL. The 'Wallabies' and Cornwall met yesterday, the former scoring an easy win by three goals one try to Corn wall's 'ono goal. There were 12,000 spectators present. Griffin scored on© and Russell two tries during the first half. Hall and Occkwitt, and after wards Carmichacl, converting the three. Wilson scored a try for Corn wall, Solomon converting and Flanagan (cored a touch down. Judge had ma leg broken badly, through Russell, when tackled, being thrown against him. 