facts, ffabs, jfeats anb fancies Bow Church, Londom, stands im Bow Liane, off Cfheapside, and, ia the reputed oantro. of ccickneydom, everyone born within tihe sound of its bel'ls being dubbed a cockney B!ut it baa a further claim to distinction) in the privilege! of having every Bishop-elect proclaimed from ; its pulpit. I should imagine the " privileige " to consist largely inj the matter- of foes,, to which Bishops-elect are liberal if unwilling contributors. Wasn't it the present Bisihoip of London who fiicandal'sedl the faithful' by publishing a stiateimenti cf just w'hait hia elevation cast him? It ran into some hundreds cf pounds, entirely im fees from vergers toi Lord Chamberlains, amid from having his gaitera buttoned to kissing the Royal hands. But t;beice little details are usually veiled in obscurity —which was why the authorities were so orcisij with Bisliop Wimnirjgt on-Ingram. The Relator of the- R,0. Church in Jersey City, New Jersay, hag piuit Ms veitol upon ladies' hate in rather equivocal language. Ha is said to have annjcruncod from his altar steps that "wornem who ware la-rge hate would not bo blessed1." Did he mean by himself, by a Higheir Power, or by man kind in general ? The firsib two faltearnatives are not in my province*, but »as toi mankind in gemerail, I maintain that! so far aa a large hat is an object of beauty—sudh asi a Gains - borough—men do most certainly admire it on ai woman's head. But onily at a distance. Because it looks well at a garden partly it doesn't folllow that yoiu want to slit next to it in a crowded tramcair, or beihind it in tbe> tbeiatre or in church. " In mediae tutisainms ibis," and the woman who can strike tba happv meiaai between a cartwheel hat i,m chnrdh and that mciagre wreath' of blcesoims lately condemned by an Eliigliiyh Rector, will not forfeit the blessings of mankind in general, though New Jersey may bo an exception The Rev. Howell Price, speaking1 at the Centenary Hall, Sydney, has good advicei for1 ladies in- another dirwtianL He piroteatid against the quantity of wirjj© and whisky that is citaisumed by them- ak> wedding" feasts, and makee ugly Remarks £baut sparkling eye® and unsteady feeib, Jt may be so; we are assured that amongst women there is mucin neea ii>i reform nx this direction, noti oxxjly amongst1 the poor—whose fa.ults everyone can sea;—but ate the rich who have the means of hiding their weakness. If quantities! of methylated spirits are drunk by the! oine, so is eiau de Cologne by the either. And as many people look upon* a wedding1 as legiti m;atd tiime for kitting themselves goi, it is to be feared that the Rev. Howell' Price has good grounds for his strictures. The Chief Justice of South Australia has made a notable ruling in these days oif imp alliance of religion- oim the part of the majority "of thie population. Laying downs the prin ciple that teachings which are anti- Christian are anti-social, he hag ruled that a beqiifest of £11,000 to a society of free thinkers ia invalid. It is therefore evidieint that if a man wishes to do what ho likes with hiis own, hie must do it during his life-time, wheni, acooirding tci 8. Peter in- Act<s v., 4., it is in his own power [" Figaro" deems this decision illiberal, and basted on error..] Human hair is worth 8sl a pound, and five tons of it aa'0 annually imported by the) merchants of Lonxionj for wig making and fashionable head dresses.- But asi might be expected, Park, the centre of fasihioiro and frivolity, uses 18 times the quantity, or 200,000, for whichi tihe bill is £80,000 overj year. False teeth, are now an art and excel lently constructed, but false hair seems beyona the power of mem to manufacture. If a woman wants it she must wear the hair of some unknown woman, made up to suit her hair. Unless, like a certain exalted Lady, she has her own cut oiff at ite prime and made into a wig, which/ she can wear aU' her life without its changing1 colour. THERE WAS ONCE a aporting parson at Eaetington, a placa on the English coast which! was a f;siv<>Mriitei landing pLaos for woodlcaoke at tfoei time- oif their immigration! to Eng land. Wh-era tfcei birds arrived, exhausted by their long flight, everybody*, im tib.ei pariah, including thd parson, at owe© turned -out to join in tibei ttpiorb cif knocking theim, down with! sfciak*. One Sunday th© peopii** wcire in church aind the pairaon in th« pulpit, when thie church' doo.r was cautious ly opined and a> head aiptpeia.ried' w^itli a beckoning finger. Weill', wnajt is it?" AAk*i thta pfatrson. " Ocoks its coom!" The paraon hurriedly akuA up hJkl aGtrmcaa ca£ia " Shut the door and look it," he eritdlf* the clerk. Keep the people in church till I've gob : surplice off. .Let's-a fair1 chane#." . JPE MOST S¥e0ES,SFUL ty)ok canvasser in the ;Stait€is is a wOunan. Shei isi: a' Russian, ;and went to t-Kd. State? yeiaus agio, Writiei English. Now she is earning j£l 0,000 a year selling "special limited} edit ions" for a Philadelphia housa. This woman thinks it nojtii Uijf to ^U .a set cfy-jbooks for <£2,000, of whiohi shei receive® 40 per cent. The books,, of course v are smpptoised to be bound: in covers X)f speieial <jeteign, p&peir;, printing, and illus trations are of the finest, and thie edition iisi saiid to bei limi ted. Hhe woomain sedla thfei books mostly .toi wealthy women. Shfl drives up to their home© in a magnificent carriage], at tended by a footman in livetry. Shet neiveir failsi to impiress thd prospective customer1 with her refinement, and frequently poses as a Ruisaian epuntieissi. Some oif usi remieimiber a< daahing YaSbkee advertisement canvasser who droiva about in a dash ing: '.turnout, her© in Brisbane. His succeesi was staggering. C THE WALL STREET JOQEOSTAL" estimates that thtire rnusfc b3 fully 10,000,000 persons in the United State®, representing a populationi of 50,000,000, who have property in,tjeireiste that would turnj them against Soiedalism.. Them are '318,736 sfcookhioldieirs in1 national bamks, about 300,000 in othe/r banks, 327,000 ini railroads, about 500,000 in indus trial corporations, 5,739,657 owners of farms, 500,000 mami fafbturara, 42,000 wholesale merchants, 73,000 bankers and brokers, and 7,696,229 savings bank depositors, or a total of 15,496,621. Deducting 5,000,000 for duplications, thea^ retnain mor'o than 10,000,000 persons whto, in] the opinion of the "Wall Street Journal, " would niaiturally be opposed to in^irf€reliDce> with thle rights of private property. Assuming that caich of theisisi represent-a family, the Journal ca;n count a ceatiaift' population] of 50,000,000 againislt Sblcialifinx. T'he Aillicani Clergyman' at Cboktoiwn, the Reiv. W. M. Wilkinson, travelled 1,300 miles cm hiorseibaiek during two months on his ministerial duties. Of course., the parochial districts up in that direction aireuniwiteldy and immense, as they are in the far West oif Queensland, amid a, clergyman will ba attached to one oir( two oir1 thneei townships, which he serves' regularly; whilei aboiut one© ini three years he make® a journey all over his parish., visiting the remote stations and campiing! out half thei time. It iisi mot unusual toi find a statiom where no cHergymanj has beeini sieiem within living mmoiry, where there arte children! and! adultsi toi bap tise by thei sicore, and1 weddings to celebrate inl ba/tichea The peal of bells at St. Paul's Church", Maryborough, i9 B'aiiid to be tlia finest inj Queensland, audi they hang in a mas sive balfry. erected for theim when they were presented by Mrs. Aildridge. This reminds us that their© is a greiati peal of bells in Brisbane, though for years they have been silent. They are packed away at the Church House, in Ann Street, Where they were/ brofught when St. John's Church was demol ished, and I believe that it is part of the contract now being carried out, tlhiati tlhe bells are toi bei re-hung ini a temporary belfry before the mean leave! their work an this tkpiw n^tbpirlra.l Is there any city of the size audi importance of Bris bane where there are mol bells toi ring and no piuiblic clock to strike the hours? When one thinks of the little country town at home, where the cliurch clocks not onlly chime hours and quarters, but also ring at complete verse of a hymn every three hours (like the Belminster oif Sarah Grand), it seems sirange thiait neither the Post Office nor the Bailw&y; Station can -aiffoitd uei a striking! clock. _ ' A wh ofle ch'aptei* might be written; omi tlhe noises of ^Brisbane as -Weill aa on its silencei. Those lumbering carte that set all the dogs off at night, 'the blood-curdling towla of ifaa Beaver ortiEe syretf shrieks ^fith w'fyidi aft Adelaide; Company's bola.t antonncesi hiein amval about 2 a>.m., and! th1at night nights (tihe 31stl Deoeimiber) wheal; a, pande monium of brutal and1 inarticulate vociferation; discordantly rends the midnight - peace and makes! us—bless—the New Year. The manager of the Rat in" Bacteriological Laboratory, London, sends at report of tests recently made by the miedical offlcior of health oif Khargpiir, India,, oif the effects of Ratin for the eixitteirmiinatioim of raitei and other troublesome vermin. It is claimed by the piatenite© of Ratin that mot oanly does it kill the ratsi which eat thtei pictisioin, bulb that thiey carty the infecitionu o|f tlhe poisoni tiot oith,er rats. The pIagueife>rousi char actor of rat® being wall proveax and generally acknowledged, anything that will kill them may be Welcomed. Not only has it been tested in India,, but also by the German, Danish, Russian, and Nwweigian Gofvernmieinife©. By reason' of tliei multiplication; a<nd thi© iinereased' urgency of charitable appeals in recent yeiatrs, ani impression has grown up thatl it is morei difficult toi get. money -for charity now than it used to be. This impression is completejly dissipated by some veiry interesting taiblesi published in " Burdeitt's Hospitals and Charities, 1908, the annual year-book of philanthropy. Ini 1896 the total income of thiei principal institutions supported by ooluntiary contributions was £8,132,000. In 1905 it was £11,931,000.. Ini this enormous total, close' upon twelve millions sterling, tihei principal amounts) weafe: Hospitals ............ Missions! .......... Orphanages and Homes £3,892,000 3,467,000 2,948,000 