? NOTES mm LONDON. (From Our Special Representative). London, Aue. 14. r London is soon to see another great Church .Congress., Following in the wake of the Pan-Anglican Congress, the International Euch- ' aristic Congress- is to take place in the metropolis dur ing next month. This, -it may safely, be Dredicted. will be the most representative and impor tant gathering of Roman Catholics that England has ever witnessed. In past years the congress has been held in Metz, Rome, Paris, Brus sels, Jerusalem and other centres, but this year will mark it-si initial visit to England, or, indeed, to any country where the English language is spoken extensively. Adherents' of Ronia-n Catholicism from all parts of the world will attend. The 1 Pope will be represented bv Car- i dina-1 Vincent. Vannutelli, Bishop of Palestrina— an eminent member of the College of Cardinals, who is the first Papal Legate to visit England in modern times. Carklna! Moran, Archbishop of Sydney, is prominent among the distinguished Cardinals who will take part in the proceed ings : others who will attened being Cardinal Gibbons (Archbishop of i Baltimore), Cardinal Logue (Arch- j bishop of Armagh). Cardinal Lecot (Archbishop of Bordeaux), Cardinal I Fischer (Achbishop of Cologne), } Cardinal Mercier (Archbishop of Mechlin), Cardinal Ferrari (Arch-' bishop of Milan), and _ Cardinal Mathieu (formerly Archbishop of Toulouse, and now from the Papal Curia of Rome). The special j representative of the Pontiff will preside. Apart from the, cardinals the' Congress will be attended by nearly 100 Archbishops, Bishops and j Abbots, representing every country ' in . Europe, with the sole exception.! of. Russia. From distant Burma-, i Brazil, and Mexico. — to mention but j a few places — representatives will be at the Congress; indeed, it is confidently estimated that no fewer than 50,000 will attend the assem bly. The religious services will take place at Westminster Cathedral, and I a notable feature will be the singing of the Byzantine Mass according to | the Greek rite, for which the- Pope { has given special sanction. Demon- j strations .will be- held at- the Albert | Hall on three evenings, and there will be sectional meetings at Caxton Hall and Westminster Cathedral. As j a souvenir of the occasion, a special j medal has been struck, and 20,000 will i be circulated. In addition to Cardi- j nal Mora,i3, there will be five ofher j Australasian prelates a.t the con- j ference, namely, Archbishop Carr.o-f.j Melbourne, Dr. Lencham (Bishop of \ Auckland), Dr. Higgins (Bishop of J Ballarat), Dr. Doyle (Bishop of Lisr | more, New South Wales), and Dr. Verdon (Bishop of Dunedin and for merly rector of the Priests' College j at Manly, New South Wales). Tho.j Hon. Daniel O'Connor, ex-Post- I master - General of New South'! Wales, is again in. London. It is j but a year or .so since Mr. O'Con nor was here/ but his present trip is, as expected as it is welcome, for I he possesses a Papal Knighthood, and has long taken a conspicuous part among laymen in connection, with Catholicism in Sydney. Fifteen Anglican prelates hailing from four continents this week made a pilgrimage to what is known as Holy Island, on the coast of Nor- ! thumberland, thus celebrating a re- 1 markable event. Holy Island, the geographical description of which is j Lindisfarne, is historically celebrat- ? ed as the cradle of Christianity in I the north of England. In the year I 1635 St. Aidcin established a monas- j tery there. The place was made a. i bishop's See, and the bishop's na^ue i has been handed to fame _and 'pos- terity as St. Cuthbert. For more I than 150 years' the monastery flour- 1 ished. Then came an evil day, in j the year 1793, when the Danes, Avho I knew not the church and its sane- ' tuaries, descended on. the coast in j their primitive warships, led by the ] Danish chieftain, Regnar Lodbrok, j and ravaged the land. Eighty-two years later the fierce sea-rovers re turned, and this time they destroved the monastery. In the forefront of this week's pilgrimage were the Archbishop nf Melbourne and the ''i^hops of Michigan, Chotanagpur, Tinnivelli, Korea, Trinidad. Ke wa- tirij . Wangaratta, Osaka, Ou'ap 'nelle. Bristol, Sa^itptohewan. Barba dos, Nassau, &xirf; Newcastle. Be hind then came a long procession of j clei-gy and lay visitors who had first j attended n, consecration service at i Hexham Abbey, and then followed ' in. the journey from Hexham to Holy Island via Berwick. There assembled, standing on. ' ground which St. Cuthbert' s feet trod, us insr a chalice dated 1558, amid the rums of the ravaged monastery, the pilgrims ioined in a service led by U-e Archbishop of Melbourne (Dr. Lowther Clarke), who was for merly h Vicar f of Dewsburv. After a brief address from the Archbishop, the leading ? clergy were enterta.ined to lunch bv the Lovd of 1 the Manor, Major Morley Cross- j man, .who recenty received the Prince and Pi*incess of Wales on the island. Later, a party of inspec-. fciqn was shown round the ancient priory, where the late General Sir William Grossman, the father of the present Lord of the Manor, carried out extensive excavations which resulted in valuable- discoveries of bygone times.. ' '? Australia, is not the only- countrv which, suffers from droughts. ; A j wail of anguish is sounded from the vast _ southern province of Italy, Apulia, where the Population is dying of a. terrible drought. No rains worth mentioning have fallen for the last eighteen months, the wells are empty, and ; the olive ( groves and vineyards present aj spectacle of withered vegetation, \ while the wheat props have failed. The ' Tavoliere district is reduced to a squalid desert, while in the j neighbourhood of Bari fresh, water J costs more than wine. Over these i vast tracts of unwatered country., no j artificial -. supply exists. That j gigantic undertaking so mu'eh talked' i of and written .about during the last 20 years — the Apulian aque-. duct, is still far from finished, nor in the most' optimistic estimate will it be available for at least another eight years. The cities of.Andria, Barletta, Trani and Bitonto are literally famished. They have sent clamorous demands to the Govern ment 'for immediate free transport! of water by railways and warships. \ The Italian Steamship Navigation i Co. have taken the initiative of de- 1 s patching vessels laden with water i from Venice.. Ancona a«nd Sicilian | ports to various points on the J Apulian coast. _ ' !? Recent distinguished Australian visitors have done not a little to financially benefit the various States represented by them. Not able among* these ha-ve been Sir Joseph Garruthers, ex-Premier of j New South Wales, who, with Sir John Hay, of Sydney (both these gentlemen, it will be remembered, figured in the list of Royal Birth day honours) left London lasfc week en route for Australia by the Aber deen liner Miltiades. Sir Joseph Carruthers paid a- visit 'to Great Britain to fulfil tlie duties of Exe cutive Commissioner for New South Wales at the Franco-British Exhi bition. Amongst other things, he had a commission '? to make enquiry into the cost of management of co lonial loans in London, and' I un derstand that he has succeeded _ in completing a new arrangement with the Bank of England which will re sult in a great saving to the State. Victoria gained bv an effort made by the Premier (Sir Thomas Bent) when he was here last year, in that he prevailed upon the London amd Westminster Bank to reduce the management and inscription charges of Victorian stock from £250 to £150 per million pounds. With ' respect to the new issues j of New South Wales stock, issued 1 by that bank, -Mr. Coghlan followed the example, and if Sir Joseph Car- j ruthers has arranged with the Bank j of England for a similar reduction, this will mean a saving to the State of over £5000 a year, 'for the New South Wales stock domiciled with, j the great national banking institn- f tion totals more than £50,000,000. I a.m also given to understand that Queensland has the prospect of sav- i ing £2500 per annum as the result of | an arrangement for a reduction in j charges come to with the Bank of j England by Mr. 'Kids-ton, Premier of j Queensland, .who is., now on a visit J to this country. i Queensland and- Victoria manifest- j ly believe in the wisdom of. 'attrac-- i tive headquarters in' the. metropolis, and the advantages' of. the two. States will be particularly 'well ad- : vertised by the -handsome, establish- ' ments' which the respective Govern- j ments are opening. One subject j for enquiry which Mr. Kidston came here to deal with was why Queens land does not receive more immi grants from the old country. Mr. ivmston came to an early. conclusion ! that the existing Government offices . in Victoria-street were not good enough for the uses of advertisement, } and, consequently, negotiations were ?' entered into for the acquisition of the famous Strand restaurant, the j Adelphi. In the near future we j shall no longer know the fine f;Mar- ; ble Hall?c' as the restaurant of j Messrs, A., and S. Gatti has come j to be called. For some '? time com- j petition has been keen in the ;, neighbourhood among restaurants, and as the Queensland Government i7ua.de an offer a.pproaching £70,000 for a lease extending over 35 years, it is no wonder that the proprietors fell in with the proposal. The State will .be given a much better opportunity of becoming popular with, emigrants when the Govern ment has premises in the big and crowded thoroughfare of the Strand. The ground floor is to be utilised j for a permanent exhibition of ] Queensland's products, and .a, com- j mercial manager and staff ai'e to be placed in charge. The whole of the colony's interests in England will be centralized in the Strand building, the emigration and engineering i branches be ins removed ? from ? the j city and the administration a.nd AgCnt-General's offices from Vic toria-street. The colony's chief re presentative in London has ex plained to an interviewer that they did not wish to detract from the idea of federation ; their sole desire was to encourage emigration to the j colony' a^nd have all- their offices in i one building. Victoria-street, Westminster, used to be regarded as the inevitable position of colonial headciuarters. in London,' but a change has been coming about for some time. And this change is no doubt due to commercial reasons and especially the hunt for emi grants. Rhodesia has recently open ed new offices in the Strand, and nearly opposite, on the much discussed Aldwyob site, Victoria is building a large London establish ment. . ?-?-.- No d'oubt the greater efforts -which ! are being made by Australian Gov- j ernments'to secure immigrants from England, will achieve ' greater sue.-, cess, but it must be: borne in mind that the effect of the Small Holdings Act of 1907, passed, by the British legislature, will tend ..to dry up the source of British emigration of the best kind. The Act will be a power ful factor in keeping those concern ed with the land on land in Eng land. The Act, which refers to England and Wales only, has now i been in operation for some seven | months, and already 300,000 acres have been applied for by 20,000 peo ple. _ An equally significant fact; mentioned by Lord Carrington, the president of the Board of Agricul ture, in the course of an interview, is that examinations made by some of the County Councils show that about 80 per cent, of the applicants are eminently suitable. On the ave rage they have applied for from 12 ?to 15 acres, and up to 50 acres. A considerable proportion are agricul tural labourers ; practically all are connected with the soil, and many of the most suitable are sons of small farmers. In one instance, Lord Ca.rrmgton said that he had handed . over 700 acres of Crown lands to a Parish Council for the es tablishment of small holdings, and » it is an interesting fact that the enthusiastic chairman is one of seven brothers, six of whom have gone to Canada in search of land. The County Council as a rule re quires the possession of £5 capital for every acre applied for, and Lord Carrington says that all appli cants have this and most more. Those concerned with the working of the Act are surprised to find the amount of money that has been stored up in villages. Cases have been iound of applicants bringing 100 sovereigns and 'planking'3 them down on the table before the County Council committee as evidence of possession, of sufficient funds. The councils are now faced with the demand, but have not yet had time to do much in the wav of acquiring j land, but 4000 acres have been ac quired, and before the end of. the year a, considerable a.rea will be in their haiids. It is likely that they will not be able to get all the land required by voluntary agreement, and then power of compulsory ac quisition will have to be exercised. So far as England is concerned, it has been found that only 2 per cent of the applicants have shown n. de sire to buy land, which, as Lord Carrington points out, is easil:/ to be understood. There is security of - possession, the rent cannot be raised, and the small holders re quire all their capital for improve ments. ? ? i To- morrow. Dr. Jean Charcot's second Antarctic expedition will commence. Tlie Pourquoi Pas, which-, starting from Havre, is to undertake, the adventurous voyage, is a stout timber-built three-masted barque of 800 tons, 131 ft. 6 in. in j length, with a beam of 31 ft. She has been specially construct ed for the expedition at Saint Malo, the port from which Jacques Car tier sailed to discover Canada « three, an da half centuries ago. Launched in May, and christened with, religious rites about three weeks ago, she 'has since. .been ..fit ting out at Havre. Though a.' sail-' ing vessel, she is also equipped with steam, her engines being of 550 horse-power. Her. supply of provisions is sitfnciently large to last nearly ^ three years. This is Dr. CharCot's second Antarctic ex pedition in search of that mysteri ous unknown continent which is supposed to be twice the size of Europe. On the present venture he is accompanied by three young naval officers, who will have charge of the navigation of the ship, and will also be responsible for scientific I observations, and by Drs. Guordon j (who was a member of the previous j expedition), Liouville and Gain, j who will .respectively demote them- : selves to geological, zoological and : botanical researches. Cinemato graph records are to be taken. As far as Buenos Ayres Madame Char-. cot will be with her husband. ' 