NOTES. Mr. J. A. McKenzie, who holde a miner's homestead area of about 00 acres, situated on the Esperance-road, distant about seven miles from Norseman, has had a splendid crop of wheaten hay, which has avoraged over a ton and a halt per acre, about 50 acree being under cul- tivation. Inquiries continue for land in the Yuna area, near Geraldton, where fresh water was recently struck by the Government bo- ring party. A settler from Narrogin is inquiring for four blocks adjoining each other, on behalf of himself and friends. There is likely to be a great demand for the Oakabella Estate when it it- thrown open. The annual meeting of the Western Australian Flour Millers' Association was held at the office of the secretary, Mr. H. R. Coombs, Howard-street, on Tuesday. The annual accounts and report were adopted. Mr. F. H. Piesse, M.L.A., wa6 re-elected president, and Mr. J. Sibbald vice-president for the ensuing year, and Messrs. W. J. Splatt. W. Padbury, and C. A. Harvey were elected to the eescu tive. The Ophir Immigrant».-By the R.M.S. Ophir last week there arrived another batch of immigrante, number- ing 38 in all. These included seven nominated and 31 assisted. The latter comprise two families of 10, two of 3, and five single, and iuclude OHO grazier, 2 agriculturists, and ll domestics, the balance being children. A fair amount of capital has been brought into the State by the party. Government Sheep.-Farmers intend- ing to take advantage of the facilities offered to them by the Agricultural De- partment to stock"theil- paddocks with breeding ewes suitable for raising lambs should apply at once to the Depart- ment. A second lot of 2,000 ewes is expected at about the beginning of De- cember. The first batch is now being sent away in lots of 200 each, and those who have seen the ewes agree that they are of the right age, large-framed, and ¡ in every respect suitable for the pur- ! poses of farmers. ¡ For some weeks Detective Dempsey has been engaged at Leonore in making inquiries connected with alleged irregu- larities in stock transactions at Sturt Meadows Station, owned by Forrest, Emanuel, and Co. Tho police have been very reticent regarding the mat- ter, but it has transpired that, aa the result of Defectivo Dempsey's investi- gations, a warrant was issued for the arrest of "Ted" Brown, the late mana- ger of the station. Brown was arrested ar, York some days ago, and will be remanded to Leonora itt due course. , Pine Tree Growing at Wanneroo. Among the many qualities which are claimed for their district by the mem- bers of tho Wanneroo Roads Board is that it is eminently suitable for the growing of the pine tree. With a view to having this claim practically demon, strafed, the Board, at its meeting on Saturday «vening, instructed the secre- tary to make application to the De- partment of Agriculture for a supply of a few hundred young trees for dis- tribution (by the Board among the settlers of the district at planting sea- son next year. The Inspector of Lands at Geraldton estimates the season's crop yields in the Geraldton district as follows s-Wheat, 10.5 bushels ; oats. 16 bushels ; hay, 18 cwt. For the whole of the Victoria and Yalgoo districts, which extend south to Mogumber, north to the Murchison Uiver, and east to Mullewa, the average yields are estimated as follows :-Wheat, 9.6 bushels; oats, 14 bushels ; hay, 15cwt. Stock generally are in very good condi- tion. Farmers have gone iu more for sheep rhis year, but, unfortunately, feed is likely to be scarce hy the end of the summer. About 3,000 acres more than last year aT© nuder crop. - The early-sown crops, especially on fallow land, did best, ana farmers generally intend to profit by this experience. The question of the control of the proposed open markets, which was raised by Mr. M. H. Jacoby "was brought under the notice of a prominent municipal official. This gentleman, in support of the contention that the con- trol of such markets was distinctly a municipal function, quoted from the English "Municipal Year Book" to show that according to Sir Henry Fowler's re- turn the capital expended by the coun- cils of the boroughs of England and Wales alone tins £6,181,060 at March 31, 1902, and the average nett profit for the four years preceding that date was £83¡782. The list of municipal markets m the United Kingdom given in the "Year Book" occupied Bi pages. The Agricultural Bank.-Following are particulars of applications dealt with hy the trustees of the Agricultural Bank during tire paBt fortnight : - Number of applications approved. 149 ; amount applied for, £22,525; amount approved, £19,075 : moiety declined, i £2,475 ; declined in full, 8 for £975. Disposal of amount applied for : To pay, off liabilities, £485 ; to purchase stock, £1,260: to effect improvements, £17,830. Improvements to be effected:. Clearing 8,809 acres, £9,491 2s. 6d.; riiigbarkW. 21,583 acres, £1,279 19s.; poison grubbing, etc., 5,596 acres, £695 18s.; fencing, 22,542 chains, £6,930 10s. ; draining, 329 chains, £116 66. ; wells, value £234 6s. ; reservoirs, value £982 Bo. . .-r The liquidator in thc estate of Willer and Riley, Ltd., tho Manchester pro- duce firm which suffered through the bank frauds perpetrated by M. Alberti; Danish ex-Minister for Justice, inform- ed a meeting of the company's credi- tors last week that the statement of af- fairs showed a surplus of £146,000. If, however, the private bank at Copen- hagen succeeded in its claim for £50,000 the surplus would bo corres- pondingly reduced, and it would be fur- ther reduced to £53,000 if the claim of the company against the Farmers' Butter. Export Association failed. Some of the creditors urged an im- mediate realisation of the company's assets, but no resolution was passed. The liquidator will call another meeting of creditors in six weeks' time. Somewhat of a sensation was recently made in England by the publication in tho Press of reports from H.M. Embassy at Paris stating that the grape crop in th/> champagne districts of France had, owing to the heavy rains in July, suffer- ed so badly from mildew as to become a total failure. The "Temps" (Paris) of September 20. however, points out that the industry is not so seriously affect- ed by this year's crop as is generally supposed. A succession of bad seasons has never been known in the champagne districts, and the progress of science ha« taught the growers that even the phyl- loxera can be overcome by careful treat- ment. With the help offered by the State the departments and tho manufac- turers' associations, the growers should, it is stated, find no difficulty in restoring the vines to health, and next year'6 crop with the enhanced values that are sure to be realised should compensate the growers for the losses sustained this sea- son. Carting Meat Through'the Streets. At the meeting of the Leederville Lo- cal Board of Health last week a dis- cussion took place on the action which the Central Board of Health har« taken with a view to the proper pro- tection of meat when it is being carted through the streets of the city. Cr. Jones felt that all carriers were not being treated alike, and he stated that some of the wholesale butchers had been allowed to cart, meat intended for human consumption in veli ¡des which on previous days had been utilised for the transport of sheepskins whicli were in a very bad condition. Eventually, on the motion of Cr. Ar- nold, it wa* decided-"That this Boord applauds the Central Board of Health, in its efforts to secure the utmost clean- liness in the handling and carriage of meat but su gees te that- the Central Board should take steps to 6eo that all meat is carried in a proper manner by all engaged in that duty." Projected Show at Wanneroo.-The monthly meeting of the Wanneroo Roads Board was held on Saturday" evening. Mr. H. Hocking presided, ana there was a full attendance of mem- bers. Several matters of moment to the district were considered. Tho ad- visableness of holding an autumn show was fully discussed, and it waa docft^d to hold an exhibition in April next, when an opportunity will be furnished the public of appreciating the poten- tialities of the district for dairy farm- ing, fruit, vegetable and cereal cul- ture, and of stock and poultry raising, lt was held that less important dis- tricts conducted successful annual, shows, and that it was the duty of Wan- neroo resident« and settlers to demon- strate what has and can fae done in a fertile area such as Wanneroo is claim- ed to be. It was agreed that farmer« and others in the district should be ! early apprised of the decision, in order that they may be enabled to hold for ! exhibition samples of their present Wheat and Flour Exhibits at the Royal Show.-While the Royal Show was in progress at Claremont last month, reference was made in the columns of this journal to the analyses made by tho Government Analyst, Mr. E. A. Mann, of three samples of flour and two wheat samples submitted ? ? to fhim. Of the first-named, two^were t from Mr. W. Padbiiry'e Peerless Roller Flour Mill, the other being from an- other mill. In our published account of the analyses only the number of each sample was given, and further in- formation shows the highest number of points to have been reached with, the "Peerless" samples, as follow : -No. 1 : ' Colour, 35 points; strength, 45.6, 82 points ; gluten drv. 5.64, 17 points ; to- tal, 84 points. No. 2: Colour, 35 points; strength. 46.4, 33 points; glu- ten dry, 7.01, 21 points; total, 89 points. The other sample scored 82 points, the Guildford flour thus achiev- ing first and second places. Of the two wheat samples one was from the "Peerless" mill, and the milling test resulted as follows, tho figures in paren- theses being those of the mill named : -Flour, 68.4 (68.8) ; bran, 21.2 (21.5); pollard, 10.4 (9.7). Worked out on pointe. Mr. Mann gave 88 out of a possible 100 to the "Peerless" sample, and 84 to the other. The'Teerless" sam- ples of flour and wheat, therefore, lop- ped the score. Tho Potentialities of the Nor'-West. With a view to securing some of the | best available pastoral country in Wes- j tern Australia, the Norah Downs Pas- toral Company, Ltd.-a Sydney syndi- cate-some time ago deputed a Mr. J. W. King and Baron Schroeder to conduct, investigations in this State. These two gentlemen having completed their mission are now at Fremantle, and have arranged to return to Sydney this week in order to report fully, to their principals as to the future possi- bilities of thc pastoral industry in this State. In conversation, Mr. King expressed himself as eminently pleased with the result of the investigations made. Questioned as to the extent of Iiis firma operations, he said that he iliad taken up on behalf of the company 270,000 acres of excellent pastoral country iu the Glenell Uiver district about 120 miles above Derby. The Company, as the result of his own and , Baron Schroeder's ? recommendations, ^r/ould, he confidently asserted, stock this acreage with sheep at an early date. Owing, however, to the heavy tropical rains peculiar to the Kimberle^ and other northern districts it would not be until February next at least, that operations would actually commence. In addition to the promising future of the pastoral industry in thc Nor'-West. Mr. King was equally optimistic as re- gards the pearling trade. "From Camden Bay close to the Brecknock Harbour where we contémplate making our coastal station." he remarked, "there extends right up the coast vir friu pearling grounds, and there is every indication that within twelve months several new fleets will be in active oper- ation in that locality." 