ROUND THE WORLD. WITH MR. A. G. ROBERTSON SOME OBSERVATIONS AND IMPRESSIONS Arriving at Liverpool, the party proceeded straight to Glasgow, where they arrived on June 20th. On the platform to meet Mr. Robertson were five of the people who had been to see him off 23 years ago and two of them he was able to recognise at once. Though born some little distance out, most of Mr. Robertson's boyhood was spent in Glasgow, and many pleasant memories were revived during the numerous excursions in the vicinity. Glasgow has frequently been held up as the model municipality of the world, as it owns all the public services of the district and tramways running out as far as 21 miles. They visited Balloch, and had a trip through the Trossachs and Western Highlands. A trip was made to Edinburgh, and it was here that Mr. C. Balzer was met with. The Edinburgh Exhibition did not impress Mr. Robertson very much. With Mr. Balzer they saw Holyrood Palace and Rosslyn Castle, etc. They then left for a 14 days' motor trip through England and Wales with Mr. Murdoch of Sydney, whom they had met in Japan, and journeyed with for some distance They toured through the Shakespearean country and Gladstone's county, down the valley of the Wye to Wales, and back through Gloucester. They had a pleasant but tiring trip, being constantly on the rush. They had breakfast at Gloucester one morning, luncheon at Newcastle, dinner at Berwick, and slept in Edinburgh. The law dealing with motor driving in England is very strict, but the drivers find many ways of defeating it. Fines for driving over the regulation pace range up to about £10, but the big motoring association has arranged a scheme of cyclist scouts, wearing badges on their arms that ride about the main roads and notify tourists where the police are keeping watch. Mr. Robertson was in London, and visited the "white city," as the Franco- British Exhibition is called during the time of the Marathon Race. The excitement was tremendous but though a lover of athletics he considers this race a piece of cruelty, and an old idea that might well be given up. To the English idea the Australian laxity in regard to the amateur prizes (?) is terrible, and Mr. Robertson quite horrified those speaking to him on the subject upholding the principles of cash prizes instead of trophies for all classes. The exhibit of New South Wales at the exhibition wan one Mr. Robertson said he felt proud to see, though he thought it would have been even more impressive joined to that of Queensland. Canada had a combined exhibit but he thought the New South Wales exhibit would not compare unfavourably with it. London, of course, was a marvellous city to the visitors and the thing that impressed them most was the control the police have of the traffic. They are a splendid body of men - the finest in the world. Nothing is too much trouble for them, and every question is not only answered with civility, but the policeman will take great pains to see that his answer is clearly understood and will render invaluable assistance in traffic matters to strangers to the city. The old song, 'Aye (?) the policeman' has a very definite meaning in London. The cities of Birmingham and Manchester were also visited, but London was the great meeting place where all the former passengers could be met with. An extraordinary incident is recalled by Mr. Robertson of his tour on the west coast of Scotland. To one day there was really no night. It was phenomenally bright right throughout the night, and at midnight he sat out on a lawn reading a newspaper without the aid of artificial light. Such a phenomenon is rare in these latitudes. ENGLISH CONDITIONS English conditions did not strike Mr. Robertson favourably after being used to those of Australia. Socially, the Australian workman is in a greatly improved position, and the wages of the labourers aroused the visitors' indignation as being so far below what would be a living wage. Men with families were only getting 14s per week, and an employer taxed with the impossibility of his living on this at once admitted the charge. As he had, remarked publicly, Mr. Robertson said he could see nothing for England but a Protective Policy if the conditions were to improve. It was only by building up her manufacture that England could do any better, and the only way he could see for that to be done was by a Protective policy. At the present time England was a dumping ground for the surplus products of all the surrounding countries, while her goods were shut out of their markets by Protective duties. The consequence was that English manufacturers in several well-known cases had closed down English factories and opened up others in foreign countries with result that disaster was threatening the English manufacturers who still tried to keep up the uneven fight. The numbers of unemployed were enormous, and formed a very serious problem for the Government to face. The distress existing in places was terrible, and men were growing desperate through starvation with a result that during the severe suffering of the winter something must be done to pacify them. He was present in Glasgow and heard the speeches at a demonstration of the thousands of unemployed existing there. The unheard of thing occurred there of the crowd marching into the Town Hall and interrupting the council's proceedings to draw attention to their necessities, thereby greatly upsetting the dignity of the Lord Provost. A suffragette meeting was watched with interest but nothing can draw attention away from this unemployed question. It was painful to go along the Clyde and see all the empty shipyards. He found that in some cases (?) in the ironworks men handling the molten metal, etc,. got as high as 25s a day, and was surprised to find such high money paid in "thc old country" because the general rate was so low. He thought the labourers were only in a kind of white slavery, and did not hesitate to say so. Some of these people would make very desirable immigrants, but they looked on Australia as so terribly far away. That might not altogether be a disadvantage, as the class who would venture out to Australia were of the better sort, and the riff-raff went across to Canada and United States. Of course, many good immigrants went there too; but as Australia got better known he thought the proportion coming here would increase. A SCOTCH RETORT. Speaking of the United States reminded Mr. Robertson of an amusing incident. Those who talk about the strictness of the Commonwealth Immigration law do not realise what it is in other places. Before a tourist can enter the United States he has to pay a deposit of four dollars, and fill in a form giving details of age, colour of hair, etc., and state that he has property to the value of more than 40 dollars. If the tourist leaves the country within a certain time he gets a refund of the funds. (?) For the convenience of tourists these formalities can be gone through with an official stationed at Vancouver, and on the vessel with Mr. Robertson was an old Scotchman who grew greatly indignant over the whole matter. "Where was I born indeed," and he snorted, "How old are you ?" "Man, fancy asking a woman that, it's indecent." Then he went along till the question came dealing with assisted immigrants "Did you pay your own passage?" The indignant Scot nearly choked with indignation. "Who else would pay it?" Then he was faced with the question "Have you 40 dollars in property?" "Man," he said when I saw that I was nearly throwing it away, but I thought I wudna do that an' I just wrote "Aye and more, too." CANADIAN IMMIGRATION. This story brought up a reference to a story of how the Canadian immigration law works, and reference was made to the story of un English labourer and his experiences. He went out to Canada and to a small country town where for some time he was constantly employed. Subsequently he had no regular work, and was just struggling on with his family in a half destitute condition dreading the coming winter when no work would be available, when he got a notice from the police to prepare for the deportation of himself and family back to England. Before the winter he was returned to England where the family were landed in a destitute condition. AUSTRALIAN PRODUCTS. During his visits to various commercial establishments Mr. Robertson naturally took a great deal of interest in the sale of Australian products. The prejudice against Australian meats still continues and Mr. Robertson tells an amusing story of one hostess at whose place he had eaten some very good mutton and spoken in its praise. This lady in confidence told Mrs. Robertson that it was Australian mutton, but in horrified terms asked her not to let Mr. Robertson know that. At the same time Mr. Robertson expressed himself as confident that many an Australian sheep is sold as prime English or Scotch mutton. In the same way he is confident some of our best butters are retailed as Danish or Siberian. The qualities are quite as good, and the prejudice against Australian butter is dying out fast, and it would have secured a good hold on the market could a regular supply be obtained. Speaking of the matter of Messrs. Cooper and Company's, a very large establishment, Mr. Robertson asked what Australian butters they handled. The firm's representative said none. In response to an inquiry as to the reason for this he was told that it could not be depended on as to the quantity available, the shipments being too irregular. Sir Thomas Lipton was a man who could be depended upon to handle a lot, but he was hampered in the same way. This was a pity, as the competition from Siberia was growing and regularity in shipments made a great difference. The only thing was for the butter companies to consider whether it would not pay to lose a little on their export sales during the high price season in Australia so as to keep the London market open for them ready for the time when the Australian market is overstocked. The matter was one on which Mr. Robertson had no comment to make. He was pleased to see how all Australian lines were gradually earning a high position in the world's markets. During the English trip a series of souvenir spoons with the name, of each town stamped on them were collected. IN NORWAY. From England the party went to Norway where they spent a most enjoyable time. The characteristics of the Norwegians are honesty, thrift and cleanliness. They were, generally speaking, a poor people. The scenery of the fiords was very fine, but almost as interesting were the scenes observed on the inland trip. The farms are in many cases ridiculously small in our eyes; but from a little plot of a quarter of an acre perched away up on the side of a mountain, the thrifty peasant makes enough to keep himself and family. They live very plainly, and their frugal habits enable them to secure a living where less energetic and careful persons would starve. The climate is very bracing, and it is partly due to this that their success is due. These people. Mr. Robertson thinks, would furnish, a very desirable class of immigrants for Australia could they be secured. The party watched, with interest, the manufacture of cheese from goats' milk and walking and riding visited many interesting country scenes. ACROSS EUROPE. From here the travellers journeyed through Belgium and France to Italy, having a most enjoyable trip. They visited Venice, Florence, and Rome, Pompeii and Vesuvius. The trip up Mount Vesuvius, to the crater was very interesting but very tiring and Mr. Robertson gives an amusing account of the struggle of the party to climb up the loose lava crust, in which for every step taken forward the climber slips at least a quarter of a pace backwards. The party joined the Oruba at Naples and had a good trip back. At Fremantle they went ashore, and "I can tell you felt glad to get my feet back on Australian soil," said Mr. Robertson, who is, despite the Scot's love of the auld land, patriot of his adopted country. At Fremantle a lot of telegrams and letters of welcome were received, and were very welcome. 'For it gives one a very lonely feeling to arrive at a port and see others receiving letters whilst you have none." After a day in Sydney, Mr. and Mrs. Robertson went to Forbes to see their children, and, leaving Mrs. Robertson there, Mr. Robertson returned to Lismore and the Red Flag, where he was soon as closely in touch with affairs as if he had not been a month away instead of nine. 