General Cables. . .. The "Daily Mail's" Calcutta- corre spondent mentions an extraordinary sequel to the murder of Gossian-, the Indian informer, who was shot dead - in the Alipur Gaol Hjospital by two of fellOAv jmisoners in revenge for his havings given information to the au thorities. Tlie "Pioneer," an- Eng lish neAvspaper, published at Allaha bad, minimised the guilt of the mur- : -derers',; and . natiA7e journals now ex- \- tenuate the crime.- The aa ell- knoAvn Italian mbtorist, Signor -Nazarro, in a "'Fiat car won the Florio Cup., of , 528 kilometres (328 miles), at Bologna, averaging .74 miles an hour. ; . The "Daily Telegraph" states that the suggestion that the A7ari-ous Gov ernments should hold a 'great trade union conference proves that the Bri tish socialists dAvell in a cuckoo land of their own. The '-'l/imes" sympathises on general grounds -with the policy of a Avbite Australia,; but declares that the -Em pire can hold the empty spaces for Australia only if she will do her ' ut most to utilise them for the Empire as the price of the support Avhich the white Australian po licy may fairly re quire and must require. The; 'consci entious effort on Australia's part must set -aside the i jealousies betAveen State and State and betAveen State and the Commonwealth, a\dticii now check or hamper the needed" stream of imnii- : grants and dangerously . retard the peopling of the continent: M. Delagran-ge, the Frenuhi -iiiA'cntor, lias m'a-de -another successful flight with his aeroplane, -and travelled a distance of : 24 kilometres 727 metres (about 15 miles) in 20111111. 54sec. The Wright Brothers, aa-lio4ha\e been making, suc cessful . experiments in France Avith their aeroplane, laA7e also made a further flight, and coA7ered a distance of 22 kilometres .(nearly 13fJ miles) in 19min. 59sr>r. v Un,usua.lly largo and orderly Labor Day anni\7-ersaiy processions took place in Ncav York, Chicago, Boston, and various centres in Canada. The "Times" J states that the em ployers will accept; the 'cotton opera tives',. proposal' for/ a joint conference. The spinners' accumulated fuqds Are £500,000, a<nd the card-room opera tives, largely Avomen, are less rich but strong in organisation. Rear- Admiral Sir Percy Scott's squadron from Portsmouth hhs sailed fpr South Africa. Heavy rains have seriously damaged tlie British -hop crops. It. is estima ted that the total acreage in/England under hops 'is 38,916, the " smallest acreage for nearly a' century. Some time ago the Zulu chief Dini- zuluy Avho is aAvaiting hi-s trial on ,a charge of treason, Avas reported 7 to- have burst, a blood-a7essel. The con sequences did not prove serious, and lie is 110av reco\rering. The Loudon "Statist" confirms the forecasts of a coming improvement in trade in .Great Biitain, though it sta tes that the iuvpro\7ement Avill -be very gradual. One hundred and tA\Tenty thousand anthracite workers ( collier sj / at SAvan- sea, Wales, have: tendered notice ! that they udll Acease work in' order to com pel 300 non- unioni'sls to1 join the un-- ion. ' ' The wisdom ' of the British Goveru- ment in' declining to AAit-hdra-w its of ficers is widely commented on, and is justified inasmuch as the - Young Turks' iudec si-on may lead do a renewal of bjoodslied in Eastern Macedonia. ' The imports , into the United King dom last month showed a falling off of £6,544,000, aa'hile the exports of British merchandise were a reduced bv £7,012,000. The Trade Union Congress, sitting at Nottingham,- decisiA'ely rejected a- .motion -that the congress should .amal gamate'- Avith- the Labor Party and General Federation of Trade U'riions. The congress resol\ed that no maanber of the management comyi'itt-ee of the General ; Jibderation, or of the execu tive committee of the Labor Party be eligible for the Parli amen-taiy commit tee. A -Frenpli deputy,' aa-1io aa7as unolfiicial- ly. folloAring the 'German' manoeuvres, being unable to'? produce his 7 authori- sat'ioh'to attend, was arrested and 7 ex-, pelled from . A'lsace-'Lorraine. ' / A. Somali mullah has ; raided : friendly nat-ives/ stolen ,160 - cain-cls; \ and killed Iaa'o men of tlie /British' Protectorate's mounted corps.' - / 9 \- The1 (War Office is yinvi ting tenders; -by January 7 .for7 a year's supply of: fro zen beef and mutton , for theHtroops#in South Africa, commencing - 011 April 1, 1909. , A . Billiards Gou-lrol : Club has- been for-med Jiy leading, amateurs; Avitlt- the support of the piUncipal m'akers, to en deavor to do7 for. billiards what -the M.C.C. does for cricket. - / 7 / Five days--. continuous rain, greatly- flamagecL the ci;ops in - Scotland,' es pecially in Perthshire . and : Lie low71 lands, in u cli 7 damage A\\-as' al so- done .in the North of Ireland. The " S.M.S. ' . Gladiator;.- which re cently collided Avith -an American; lin er-, / has been righted-, " and the sal vage Avorkers hope to float the vessel shortly. 7 7 - The children vof Glasgow under -five yeai'S of age AAjill be given three iree meals daity. The tmeiihployed are Avell organised, - and/ are starting midnight marches to the wealthy . suburbs.. - Latest z'eturns show that there ' are now 17,000 Chinese laborers employ ed in. the Rand -mines. ' - Mr. 'John Redmond, speaking at Watcrford prior to sailing for NeAV .Y'ork, said that unless -the Govern ment- fulfilled its pledges, they.woukl speedily "find Ireland ungovernable: The "Times," in an article on- ;Lord -.Northcote's-:-. farewell-, pays a high tri bute to him and! his successor, and re verting to immigration; mrges . .the Stoites to forthAvith make .a- virtue v. f the impending necessity. Tha ".Times" say's- that as the main.- power of the .purse 7 will shoirtly devolve 011 the .Com monwealth, they -might save . much overlapping in effort and expenditure. It. considers it is lnore than time a High- Commissioner was aPfiintcd. , The Ijondlon General / OnuVdms Coinr. pan,7/ carried 12 , 658, 000 -feAA'er passen- gers ; in. 1907 than in 1906. chiefly owing to the competition of the tube raihvays. - . ,J M !i I i 1.1 1' A supposed Gei:ma<n spy has. been are rested for attempting/ to purchase parts of guns from; the inagazine at 'Bourge's arsenal, France. Dr. Vassal informed a meeting . of notabl es at "Alcazar that Mul ai Hafid could . rely on the Avhole-heartcd co operation ot Germany as sh-e meant to see . the integrity - of the country.--.- -maiu- j, taincd, and to help him out of his ! present difficulties.- . . An Anglo- Russian Note has -been pre sented . t-o the Shah, emphasising that disturbances in the provinces endanger the 1-iA'es and property of foreigners at Tabriz. It further urgently rccomlmeiids the issue of the promised proclamation . relating to; the Pari iannent-ary elections at the earliest possible moment, with a vdcAv to reassuring- the people re garding the determination ot the Shah' to maintain the Constitution, and to summon the new Mejliss Parliament) to meet about the middle of November M. Alberti, Danish ex-Minister of Justice, has been arrested at Copen hagen, on his oAA-n confession, on the ' charge of forger7- and defra'iding tlv- Zealand Peasants' Savings Bank, if ; which he .was a director, of £500,000 During the past threq years U :ie ,has been a decrease of 70 per ient, 'in .the number, of applications for Ro-: ' man Catholic ordination in Francf owing to the precariousness of volun tary contributions to the support of ! the -cl-ergy. Major-General C. E. Luard, whose ' . Avit'e .Avas murdered and robbed in a s - lonely summer house near Scvenoaks on. August 24, has lAvritten a letter to the newspapers in A\\-hich ho states that the public have been; deeply stir- 7 .red by tho late aAvful crime. He ascs if the time has not arrived for clcare ing from the roads, lanes,, and Avoods of England the many thousands of unemplo'ed, many 01 -aa-honu are des- -c perat'e from aa7ant, -Avho may yield to / the temptation to commit the worst.- ;;Y of . sins. The appeal of Mr. Tilak, the Indian- v National leader, against his sentence for publishing seditious articles in a paper of. Avhich he was editor, has : been dismissed. ; Silvio Riclei, believed to be the au thor of the -attempt made in 1905 to kill the Sultan as he -was leafvin-g' a - . . mosque, has been arrested at Constan-- f ' tinopie, aa'hither -he returned, believ- TTirr "t.hnt. thp. irpnpvpl Q-mmpstv rrrnnt.p-l with the new Constitution1 incluaed him. The Queensland Premier, Mr. Kid- ston, has, during his speeches in Bri- . - tain, continually7 emphasised the de sirability of preference, aa7ith a1 'vieAV to increasing inter-Imperial trade. At . .a farewell banquet in London Mr. Kidstoii deprecated the idea ot quar- relling Avith the Federation and also attempts to destroy7 the States' Gov-, 'ernmcnts. An .Immense -area of forests in On-/ tario is ablaze, and th'ev flaaJes are - - threatening the Fort Mdlliaim corpora- . . tion. -' !- : ' The "Standard," commenting upon the Earl of Dudley's reception remarks that there are difficult /question: -ahead / to lie dealt with, especially the lack of population, Avhiolr needs immediate and urgent remedy. The Glasgow unemployed made in- iluimmatory speeches at George-square at midnight. The police dispersed them, but 3000 .rejoined and started . to march to the -Lord ProAiost's house. ,. When a quarter of a mile from their . . clesti nation, the mounted police sud denly charged -and scattered the N mob in all direct- ions. Batons Avere freely used, and many heads, were broken. . , The municipality -of Glasgow has pure - -v chased an area of 170 acres to pro-- v 1 Aiide Avork for the un-employ. Siuii- . lar action has been taken -at Liver- pool. Twelve deaths fro;th cholera have oc curred at St., Petersburg, and there- . are seven fresh cases. A joint conference jof cotton employ- 7 , ers and employees at Manchester fail ed to arrive at a settlement. Efforts are/ afoot to arrange a further con-, ference. . Commenting on a "'Times" cable gram in Avhich it was stated that at the) last conference of Austialian Rre- miers, it was decided to hamper and / / resist the Federal Government's en-. -couragement of immigration, the "Westminster Gazette" states that the success of the White Australia policy depends upon Avhether or not sufficient numbers can be attracted to justify the exclusion of non-av-hites. 