AMERICA AND THE FUTURE. An American arinada parading distant seas is a portent of progress, a picturesque sign that the world Is still spinning down the ringing grooves of change. Certainly It is by no rneaijs the first time the AmGri- cans have sent a squadron far abroad. Not to mention th'e naval side of the revolu tion, it is over' a century since tlie young nation, stung by the depredations of the Barbary pirates upon its commerce, des- . patched its frigates and schooners— "with a band of Christian dogs, fierce and cruel as the tiger, who killed our brothers afftl burnt our ships before our -eyes," as the Moors said— to dictate respect to the new flag at" Tunis, Algiers, and Tripoli. Agaih, under circumstances that suggest an inter esting parallel with, those of the present time, Ferry took his squadron (three "steam- frigates." three sloops, and two store-ships) Into Yokohama Harbor, fifty-live years ago, and arranged a commercial -treaty '.with the awed Japanese." The fleet of to-day, how ever, is charged with 110 mission of revenge or exaction. Its purpose is peaceful, though ouly immediately so; the real object of its voyage being in effect to make a declara tion to the natious that the United States is a naval Power in the modern sense of the words. Once more history repeats itself. The first American naval flag, which Paul Jones broke, out, bore a rattlesnake and the iegend "Don't tread on me!" In another form the fleet represents the same warn ing. And much more. It isliu illustration of the new course along which the greater affairs of the world are shaping. Since the Civil AA'ar, at least, perhaps since the revo lution, tho United States has been content with a subsidiary place navully. The be ginning of this century, which witnessed the dreadful arrival of Japan among the leading military Powers, sees also that America, discarding the Quakerishness, the self-sufficiency, aud the external indifference which AA'ashington prescribed for it, has uprisen as a nation equipped and willing to appeal to the court of force if necessary. In thus impressively claiming its "place in the sun" the United States gives the world something to think about. Here is a nation which began as a handful of colo nists— "a people rude iu' peace and rough in war," as history grimly testilies— but has expanded its territory, subdued the desert, and grown to enormous numbers with such unprecedented rapidity that to-day it out strips iu population, wealth, and many other essentials to national greatness, peoples who have been centuries upon centuries in the making! These latter, moreover, it at tracts so powerfully that in the year that closed last June it received 1,285,000 immi grants, virtually all from Europe. In short the United States, with its 85,000,000 of people, its energy and energising influences, and its continuous growth, is a historical fact of epochal significance. It compels not ouly attention to what it is, hut reflec tion its to what It is to be, what It means intrinsically aud typically to tho future. And that America is typical the most re luctant prophet may admit without reserve. The truth it stamps indelibly in is that the future of the white world Is with the youug countries. As -the seat of,, empire passed from Egypt and Greece aud Rome to north ern Europe and the "inviolate isles," so it must eventually pass to that other sphere represented by the Americas, Australia, and Africa.. There to remain, since the world is charted now, and mankind at last knows its geographical limits. In these countries alone is there room for expansion under conditions that will let tho white man live and work and multiply. Aud what space aud opportunities they afford! If the United States can accommodate 85,000,000 people, aud go on finding room for more, what limit shall he sot ou the possible population of Australia? Canada and South Africa fairly gape for immigrants; and in some of the roomy South American . republics there is growing up a new European civilisation which increasingly threatens to displace and replace the racial type that has' resulted there from long admixture of Latins ana Indians. And in uew countries transplanted peoples develop more robust ideals than they worked toward at home. Not liner, for history has yet to show better aspirations than those which actuated the Germans when thc.v founded representative govern ment and heat hack the Romans, or tho English when they revolted against monar chical tyranny for human equality and exacted Magna Ghurta. But the physical spaciousness of the new land induces poli tical emulation, demands greater individual freedom, instils a more insistent spirit of in dividual initiative. That colonial conditions produce bodily expansion is demonstrable, and that they have u similar effect mentally muy he said with confidence. It will he very long, 110 doubt, before mankind ceases to look to the Old World for Its refining influences, the inspiration of high Intellec tual development, and a lead iu virtually all the things of the mind. But in the future the new will De the .world of the strong arm. Tho New AArorld, -as' for as can be fore seen, will need, more than its own strength siuce it will feel the . impact of that older than the old, tlie awakened East. To It the colored peoples will look enviously, ob serving its unfilled spaces, its congenial tropical regions, the opportunities it offers for racial expansion and relief from home congestion. The younger countries must long rely upon' their racial parents to pro tect them against that danger, as Aus tralia now rather weakly relies on Great Britain. But it is in this regard that America is hopefully encouraging. What national typo may ultimately bo evolved there is a matter of pure conjecture. Im migrants of an races have for many years been pouring into the country almost . un heeded. Even under the checks which have been imposed lately, 020,000 people were admitted to the country from Austria-Hun gary, the Balkans, Russia, Finland, and Turk'ey last year. But what a conglomerate is the Britisher, tlie product of a racial fusion that has been going 011 since history began, and that still, proceeds! The men of "the days when Bess ruled England, and England ruled the sea," would have found it hard to say ' whether they were German, Danish, French, or British by original ex traction. Tho American will represent the some mixture-process, only more noticeably. The same vj'itli all other new countries; each Is only too glad to blend at the benefit of an increase of sturdy, productive citizens. What the outcome will be is for the future to show. We may see, as an American writer has said, chaos resulting from "in tellectual, anarchy," or "a race of incompar ably. touch ilhrA aud large faculties." As the one result or"; the other accrues, tlip coining '.'colonial" rncc will rulo the world or serye colored masters. Iq tho meantime America is tho colonial's big brother. The Americans know, as Euro peans . cannot, the difficulties of .young couutryisiu, the labors that are incidental to expansion, the delights and disadvantages of pioneering— above all the peril of mix ing the colors. And they stand ou tho Pacific as we do— a fact of tremendous, vital Australian significance. "Never, trouble trouble till trouble troubles you" is a good sane maxim, but; it is comforting to kuowj und a fact of potentially profound bearing on our future as well us theirs, that the Americans nre ready to bear their part "in the word's broad field of battle" and help to shape new national destinies. 