SUMMARY OF CABLE NEWS. LONDON, September 9. In connection with the Roman Catholic Eucharistic Congress to be held in London, the Protestant Association has requested the Commissioner of Police to forbid the street procession of the Blessed Sacra ment in the neighbourhood of the West minster Cathedral, on the ground tbnt it -would be illegal and idolatrous. A strong protest has also been made at a meeting of the London Council of fifty* one united Protestant Societies. It is stated that the employers in the Lancashire cotton trade will accept the proposal of the operatives for a joint con ference to deal with the question of a reduction in wages. Newcastlc-on-Tyne is the scene of a strenuous Parliamentary election cam paign, and the police were compelled to draw their batons to rescue Mr*. Pank htirst, the suffragette leader, from a hos tile crowd of 6000. President Roosevelt propo«ca to as) Congress to add 25,000 men to the Unite* States army. Unusually large and orderly procession took place in New York. Chicago, Boston and various centres in Canada, in conncc tiofi with the Labour Day anniverMry, . dai,.' -• , ...... War Office tenders, elating on January' 7, ihaye been invited for one year's supply of frozen beef and mutton for the troops in South Africa. It Is announced that the Right Rev. J. M. J. Stono-Wigg. D.D., Bis hop of New Guinea, has resigned his see on account of ill-health. F. Beaurepaire (Victoria) swam a quarter of a mile at Go van in 5 mins. 28 2/5 sees., a Scottish re cord. A. F. Wilding won the German lawn tennis championship at Baden, beating Fritzheim, 6—4, 6—3, o—4. Latest returns show that there are now 17,000 Chinese labourers em ployed in the Rand mines. The Somali Mullah, who caused considerable trouble some time ago, has. made a fresh outbreak, and is reported to have made a raid on friendly natives, stolen 160 camels, and killed two men belonging to the mounted corps of the British Somaliland Protectorate. M. Alberti, Danish ex-Minister of Justice, has been arrested at Copen hagen, on his own confession, on the charge of forgery and defraud ing tho Zealand Peasants' Savings Bank, of which he was a director, of £500,000. The London "Daily Chronicle" states that M. Adigard, a member of tho French Chamber of Deputies, who was unofficially following the German military manoeuvres, but was unable to produce any auth orisation to attond, was arrested by the German authorities and expell ed from Alsace-Lorraine. LONDON, September 10. Well-organised boddes of unemployed are starting midnight marches in the wealthy suburb* of London. Continuous rain has caused great dam age to the crops in Scotland, and also in the North-west of Ireland. A solemn service in the Westminster Cathedral on Wednesday evening inaugu rated] the Euc-liarist^ Congress. Cardinal VannUteUi, the Papal Legate, was received in State, and conducted to the high altar with imposing ceromonial, and apostolic? letters were then read, in -which the Popa paid a tribute to tfhe Empire to whoso authority and law* «o many millions of Oabliolics (rendered faithful ?nd dutiful obedience. ■jAs a result of the law prohibiting race* ' course betting, leading American racehorse owners are transferring their stables to France. A supposed German spy has been ar rested in France for attempting to pur chase parts of guna from the magazine at Bourges. Poor children in Glasgow under five years of age aro to bo given threo froe meals per day. Tho London General Omnibus Com pany carried 12.608.000 fewer pas sengers in 1907 than in 1906. Tho decrease was chiefly owing to the competition of the tube railways. The salvors have succeeded in righting the British cruiser Gladi ator, which sank in April last as a result of a collision with the Ameri can liner St. Paul, and it is hoped to float the vessel shortly. During the past three years there has been a decrease of 70 per cent in tho number of applicants for Catholic Ordination in Franco owing to the precarious naturo of tho vol untary contributions in support of the clerrv. Previous to tho law promulgated on December 9, 1905, by which the Churches were separated from the State, the clergy wero paid State salaries. The Belgian Senate, by 63 votes to 24, has adopted the treaty for the annexation of the Congo Free State by Belgium. It is reported that Mr. Orville Wright (one of tho Wright brothers) has made a continuous flight in his aeroplane for 02 minutes at Fort Myor, covering a distance of thirty eight miles. LONDON, September 11. A serious collision has taken place in Glasgow between the unemployed and the police. After the delivery of inflammatory speeches, and being dispersed by the police, 3000 started to march to the Lord Pro vost's house, but were charged by a force of mounted police, who scattered the mob in all directions, batons being freely lucd and nr.any head* broken. The Glasgow Corporation has purchased 170 sores of land for the purpose of pro viding work for the unemployed, and similar action as being taken by tdie Liver pool Corpomtion. . Barry and Towns have made the final deposit of £100 each for the race for t<he Englush sculling obampiondiip, and both men are in excellent condition. A joint conference on the Lancashire cotton trade dispute has failed to effect a ' settlement, but efforts are being made towards the holding of another conference. Heavy additional taxation on articles of general consumption, but more especially luxuries, is foreshadowed in Germany; also taxes on gas and electricity, and an extension of th; legacy duties. President Roosevelt's anti-corporation campaign has met with a sharp reverse by the Federal Circuit Court of Pennsyl vania declaring that the commodities clause of the Hepburn Act, which was especially aimed at the railway ownership of collieries, is unconstitutional. The British battleship St. Vincent, an improved Dreadnought, has been launched at Portsmouth. .Forest fires have broken out in Canada, and an immense area in tire pro vince of Ontario is ablaze. A joint, conference held in London .has adopted, subject to a ballot among the men, a settlement of tho North-east Coast shipbuilding en- Sineers' dispute with regard to a. re action in'wages, and there are jAronjt hopes that the settlement The Board of Trade has held aft inquiry into the loss of the tug Belt more, which capsized and sank near, Rosglmrib, in the Red Soa. in June last, while on the voyage from the Clyde to Sydney. Judgment wai .. delivered to the effect -that the Bel more was overladen when she left Port Said, her Plimsoll mark being submerged, and her stability; was insufficient. In the fight for the lightweight championship, Nelson knocked out Gans in the twenty-first round. Johnson, the coloured heavyweight champion, is considering a draft agreement for a fight.with Burns ifl Australia. The battleship Minas Geraes, •' vessel of the Dreadnought class, which is being built for the Govern ment of Brazil, was launched on the ffyne yesterday. An outbreak of cholera has occur red in St. Petersburg, and thirty seven cases and twelve deaths havi been reported. Count Leo Tolstoy, the famouff Russian author and social reformer, celebrated the 80th. anniversary of his birthday yesterday, the day boing spent quietly with the mem bers of his family and intimate friends. He was greatly touched bjr the world-wide greetings which ha received. Silvio Ricci, who it is believed was some time ago the author of an attempt to kill the Sultan of Turkey as ho was leaving a mosque, and was arrested at Stamboul, where ha had returned in the belief that the general amnesty, to politicul offen ders included him, has now been released, on the ground that his arrest was contrary to the amnesty proclaimed by the Sultan. LONDON, September 12. An international congress on refrigera tion, at which thirty Governments will b« represented, is to meet in Fai\« on Octo ber 5. An influential committee has been formed by the British Association for tin Advancement of Science to aid in estab lishing a solar observatory in Australia. Canada, during the past six months, has deported 1031 immigrants, and refused ad- , mission to 480 as undesirables. Germany military manoeuvres ihave been held in the former French Provinces of Alsace and Lorraine, and the Kadeer, wtet was in supreme command, took altcrnsta sides with the attacking and defending forces, but his side always won. . Replying to an address at Colmar, ia Alsace, the Kaiser declared, "Peace will be maintained, and the country will be able to flourish and thrive. Its tdevdip ment, thanks be to God, will be brought to fruition under the protection of the German Eagle, and under my standard, and, please God, will never be disturbed. The Cape Colony Assembly has pa.**c4 a resolution in favour of a scheme of closer ■ettJemcnt, similar to that adopted in Australia. As a result of the objections of tihe British Prime Minister, all ecclesiastical ceremonial is to be eliminated from the Roman Catholic Kucharistic pnrooeSHton in London, and tihe ceremonial procession wil take place only within tilie Cathedral. Frank Wootton, the Australian jockey, rode four of the winners at the Doncaster mooting yesterday. The "Times" suggests that Renr- Admiral Sir Percy Scott's cruiser squadron, which Is visiting South Africa, should proceed to Australia. Tho vineyards in tho Champagne district of France have been - devas tated by mildew. This year's yield of wine is, in consequence, estimated at only 20,000 hectolitres (about 440,-' 000 gallons), entailing a loss to the growers of £1,800,000. Tartakover, tho Australian swim mer, won the 100 yards Southern championship yesterday, His time was 1 mm. 3 1/5 sec, this being a record for this event. According to statement?? published by newspapers in Rio de Janeiro, the British steamer Spartan Prince, from New York, sank after a collis ion with the steamer Ceara, aiid fourteen of those on board are miss ing. It has been officially announced at The Hague that M. Do Revs, Dutch. Minister at Caracas, the capital of Venezuela (who was recently ox-' polled by President Castrd), has been honourably relieved of his duties and placed on the unattached list. LONDON, September 14. Half a million people visited the Franco* British Exhibition last Saturday. Catholics are intensely disappointed at the abandonment, at the instance of the Government, of the ceremonial part of the intended procession of the Blessed Sacra, ment in London, and the announcement made by Archbishop Bourne nt a mass meeting in the Albert Hall was received with a storm of howls and hisse?. The procession, though deprived of its chief religious significance, took place on Sunday, and was impressive and full of colour. It was witnessed by immense crowds of spectators, the' Catholic section cheering .heartily, while the demeanour of the others was one of quiet curiosity and respect. • Replying to a correspondent, Lord Rose* bery stated that adequate moans of defence was the only guarantee against war alarms. No nation could afford to base its sccuritf on the dispositions of other nations, but must rely upon itself alone. Mr. Orville Wright, the American in ventor, made an ascent in his aeroplane, and remained in the air for 70V& minutes. During a Eucharist ie procession at Buds- Pesth the Socialists created s disturbance, and the rioters attacked the police, wka> «lrew their swords and arrested Uriftf-peC* 