I fcZJ^ . _ ls-j^-j^s.-?-: — ; ? rr. - - : ?:':i'='fii^:g^j ? ^- -- - -?£. ? _n-saasa ? - - ?? From the Runt Standpoint. In tliL' progrcc-s report presented by the South Australian wheat commis sion to the government are two reccrn mendntinns of g-encral Australian in terest touching- the marketing1 of our staple crop. One is that, an ex ' periment in bullc shipment be made this season, and Uie other that the government- shall experiment in the shipment of grain through a produce depot in the same way as lambs and other products arc dealt with. The shipment of grain in bulk has been proved successful heie. but we cannot have too many object lessons, and the. farmers of New South Wales will watch with interest any experiment made by the South Australian Govern ment in the shipment of wheat un-' bagged. -Just what advantages there may be in reaching- the English mar-, ket through a government produce de pot we cannot clearly see, unless it is proposed that the wheat shall carry a government guarantee of grade ; but no doubt the commission had facts before it which suggested possibilities of better marketing through a govern ment depot, and we have nothing but good wishes for. any experiments de signed to get the grower more quickly in- touch with the consumer, and to eliminate the nv'ddleman. ? ' ? 'The Farmer and Settler' confesses to considerable sympathy .with the views given utterance to by Mr. G. McLellan in a recent issue, oh the highly important subject of the 'finan- cing of the organising work of the F.S.A. The response to an appeal for funds made at last conference was highly gratifying; .but the association cannot go again arid again,, qap in hand, to the same niun; and '.it n\ust be remembered that there is Always, a large proportion who will shirk .the most manifest duty- unless givCri':'no loophole of escape1. ;With Mr.' McLe'l- . Ian we agree that the ?canvassing' of-5 business, men £iiTr£'li'y-,.'otJ;,. country isr:d^ mistake, that a farmers' 'movement should be financed by farmers, and that a small regular levy on members of branches would not be resented. The regular contribution, at all events, is the only dependable source of re venue for organisation purposes. With a regular income, a budget of expendi ture could be prepared, and systematic work entered upon without misgivings. We should like to see the matter fully ' discussed by even,' branch,, and next year's delegates definitely instructed to support such reasonable increase in the individual membership fee as would assure the. financing of an ener getic forward movement. If the F.S.A. is to fulfil its manifest destiny, it must have more of the sinews of war. Government statistics show that the average milk yield per cow of the dairy herds of this state has increased in the past five years from 204 gal lons to 368. This is a substantial ad vance and might be deemed satisfac tory if we did not happen to know that the average yield per cow in Denmark is over 700 gallons, or just about double ours. It may not be possible to reach the Danish average here, or, even if possible, it might not be remunerative, for the Dapish dairyman takes a de gree of care of his stock that would come very expensive in Australia. On the other hand, however, we have many advantages, not the least of which are our mild climate and suc culent pastures. Largely, no doubt, the difference between our average and that of Denmark is one of breeding, and in that connection we welcome the establishment of a cow-testing associ ation at Berry, and hope that its suc cess will lead to the weaving of a net work of such associations covering the whole dairying field. But our low average is partly also due to the un scientific happy-go-lucky methods wo employ in the feeding and care of our stock. We lose several gallons per cow, the 'Farmer and Settler' is pcr suaelcd, by not rugging in winter and not providing shelter from the noonday sun in summer. We lose many more gallons by relying; too much on natur al pasture and failing to provide root crops and ensilage. Cow testing as sociations, bv eliminating the unfit, will give us higher grade cattle. Is it not about time that we had testing associations which would give us cor respondingly ? higher-grade dairy far mers ? American statistics published in this issue show that the farm products of ; tho United States for this year will be ; sixteen hundred million pounds ster ling, a huge increase on any previous 'year, largely attributable to imoroved ; methods introduced by tlie national de .?partment of agriculture. It may be ?a decade or two before the value of Australian primary production will .1: compare with these figures, but we ?have in our huge areas of fertile soil anfequally good basis for the produc tion of crop and flock wealth, and all we; want are the many hands which will make light work of vhe huge task of w breaking m a continent to the plough, iliiithe American republic a great edu cational propaganda has been carri- d ?out by the national department of agri , culture, and the state departments working in harmony with the central system. Our state machinery is fairly well organised, but the commonwealth .system has not yet been brought into being. There is a vast field for the federal bureau, without trenching in \- the1, _ least on the field legitimately oc cupied by the states; and we look hopefully for great results from a well equipped central organisation. If it does a tithe of ..the good performed by ' ; the American national bureau of agriculture it will be a crowning bless ing to the man on the land in Austra lia.;. The representative of General Booth who is touring this country in the in ?terists of the Salvation Army immigra tion scheme has an exceedingly hard ro\v to hoe, not through any inherent flau-s in the. prpposal-hc is putting be forfe our governments, but by reason of :-cptpular prejudice. In the' course of 'thpt'last.few years the intelligent class ' 'g'-s^tjye;' been ; brought ,tq- accept the Mfir JBfiafe ;,that ? this rcpuntry Incc'ds pop ^lOTra^ttet^MmigratiOTv'nvouIcl-'-b'en--- efif rather than injure the interests of our present citizens, and that therefore our governments shou'ld assist desir able immigration from Great Britain. But there is a solid body of working class opinion which by np means coincides with this view, very'many of the workers believing, on the contrary, that an influx of British labor must necessarily prejudice their chances in the market. Though experience has abundantly disproved this contention, they tenaciously cling 'to it, and at election time their will is largely law. The Salvation Army cnvov is able to give satisfactory assurances that the organisation he represents has the necessary machinery in Great Britain for selecting and despatching the im migrants, and also here for receiving and placing them, his strong card be ing that the work is going- on steadily in Canada, with satisfaction to tho governing bodies and with immense gain to the country. There remains only the one objection that the Salva tion Army is a religious body, and that anything savoring of state aid to religion is anathema maranatha to the bulk of Australians. General Booth's representative replies to this: (1) The Salvation Army already does a great deal of government reformatory work in this and other countries, and is subsidised as a matter of course; (2) General Booth only asks for assistance to the extent that his people do the work, and he has no desire to stand in the way of other organisations, re ligious or otherwise, conducting simi lar operations; (3) no large propor tion of the immigrants the Salvation Army would send us would be Salva tionists, the question of religion hav ing no weight in their selection. These replies appear to be satisfact ory from every point of view, and every man on the land will hope that tho state government will give all the as surances that may be needed to jnduce General Booth to direct a steadily in creasing stream of immigrants to our shores. We need men with capital, laboring men who are, or are willing to become, farm laborers, young wo men prepared to do domestic work in town and country, and artisans in cer tain lines wherein tho demand is great er than the suppjy. So far we have had only a trickling streamlet of im migration; we want a mighty river, and General Booth should be encour aged to gradually and judiciously open tho flood gates. 