FEMININE FACTS AND FANCIES ' Hand weaving, especially, the hand weav ing of home spun materials, may well be re garded as a wholesome revival. , In pea-, rant homes throughout thp world weaving w alwavs played' an important part. While the dusky daughter of the Orient has been weaving gorgeous colors into won derful materials, the Irish woman by her peat fire, and the Scottish woman among the heather have been making the cloth that practically defies hard wear. A few immigrants from central Europe have been the means of establishing a fine industry among the wives of Canadian farmers, and now the likelihood of something practical being done in Australia is interesting the many who realise how great is the need of our sisters in lonely country districts. The need of the said sisters in small town ships is frequently greater, and if efforts were made locally on the same lines that they have been made in England to estab lish really profitable home industries the rush cityward would be less than it is to-day. "The women who are making hand j waving fashionable in London society are ! mostly expert needle- workers, who find it specially desirable to use hand woven ma terials as a foundation for- work destined to last for centuries. Miss Suzanne Gcthcr, a Danish craftswoman who lias 4 done excellent work in New South Wales in connection witli their Arts and Craft6 Society, is coming to Melbourne, for the Arts and Crafts exhibition here. She will have a working exhibit, and will make in woollen and linen materials specially designed as a foundation for ncedlework. Apropos of the said exhibition, a carpet designed by a local craftswoman nnd made4 up in velvet pile by English manufacturers will doubtless attract attention, as it" is prob ably the first time that our eucalyptus has furnished a first class carpet design. A. Frenchwoman, well known in Melbourne society, is exhibiting some exquisite hand ; . made fans, all of which she has had to s send to France to have mounted. Quite evidently, from fans to carpets, there are ; certain things waiting for our commercial I experts to take up. The stage of the Guild Hall promises to i be one of the chief attractions at tlie j' ArfS and Crafts. When Lady Nortlicote ! first took up the Women's Exhibition ; movement she admitted that she was, par ticularly desirous of. rousing- public spirit ; among the wealthy women of Melbourne. How well she succeeded - may be i gathered from the fact that some of the j choicest treasures of our most stntely ; homes are going to decorate this Guild ' ball platform and convert it into an 18th century drawingroom. The4 insurances' on ; the curtains alone amount to-, something like £600, while wall hangings, silver, pic- i turns and furniture will combine to make its intrinsic as well as its artiste value dis- i tinctly impressive. . ' | The three-piece costume has been with ua 1 so long 'that the one-piece gown comes al- j most as a surprise. And quite a delightful 1 surprise it' is. A woman who lias -jiist re turned from London entered a room re- ; ccntly with what looked like a few bits of i soft muslin over her arm. , In 4 response i io the natural inquiry as 'to what she had ' got-therc she replied nonchalantly, "Oh, ' just three or four dresses" I've unpacked." | Investigation proved the truth of her asser tion.-- The latest lingerie gown is a very ! / slight affair— the. merest whisp.of material i in the hand, soft, unstiffencd' and fine. It I fastens down the baek."Yon get into it, and there you are." , There is; pi/thing to ; fix at the neck, nothing to fix. at tho waist. The. full short bodice is cunningly gathered in to a shaped belt of lace or tucked nnis- v liii, or some sucli material. It is all in a piece with the gown. The simplest and. slightest of 'silk slips is worn underneath. .To counteract this simplicity the hat is ;'=ipost>gejiefous. in its-- -proportions.- . Frc- .' ' quehily -it is most elaborate-in its con struction. Much more frequently, how ever, it is only imposing in outline, and the.hat that came with the gowns in ques tion, made costly, as it was by a few mag- . nificent plumes, was still simple in form. Writing from Paris, a correspondent says that many of the latest hats are covered with stretched satin' or cashmere, just trim med with an embroidered Japanese scurf. 'A white silk scarf embroidered — by Chinese fingers— in royal blue makes a wonderfully attractive trimming for a big hat . of i' stretched royal blue satin. As a protest ngainst the very large lints the toque seems to grow more popular daily. To go back to 1 the big hats,- however, to balance them in i London and Paris gigantic muffs are being worn, and what with skimpy little short 1 waistcd frocks, mammoth hats and muffs, any assemblage of smart Englishwomen is becoming curiously suggestive of tlie Georgia period. s , _ Generally speaking, the subject of even ing dress gets far less cortsideration than it \ deserves in Australia. Evening dress means a great deal- more than what "we used to i call ''low ueok and short sleeves" in our in fancy. It means getting out of hot, and quite frequently dusty garments into something easy and becoming! The mother who- en- 1 courages her daughters in the evening "dress habit is doing them a real kindness, espe cially if the said daughters are workers. There is something unbelievably refreshing in getting into fresh clothes. It rests .-is4 well as exhilarates, while its effect- on the i male members of the family is such that ; the habit quite frequently proves itself a eontjgious one. The man Who changes his clothes, even if he only replaces his coat with a dinner jacket or even a blazer, is nearly always a much more peaceable quan tity than the man who "has no time for that sort of foolery." A few shillings' worth of muslin will make, a little frock into which the .'housewife can "slip" with the very best results. No woman is even "past muslin" nowadays, but nuns' veiling presents itself as an i -pensive substitute. Frocks of this description are a real econo- my, since nothing tikes the heart out of a street dress like wearing it indoors. To wear out old ball dresses as evening dresses is hardly pardonable, but with very little adjustment the muslins and voiles of last year can easily be induced to end their days with honor as home evening frocks. AVhilc one section of the community— the section that possesses airy bedrooms and hygienically furnished living roomsL- has taken to sleeping in tents nnd bal- wnies, the section that lives in' small hpuacs on small allotments Is painfully averse to encouraging tlie ingress of fresh air. Tradition dies hard, but in those en lightened times it seems little short Af ex traordinary that mothers will leave three and even four little children to stifle l'n a room with the window, at best, about tfireo inches open. The idea of keeping the windows wide open in tlie living room mrely occurs to such women, unless tlie ! nay or niglit is really, hot. . It is hArd ; to convince these women that- irritability and "the blues", are both , the direct re sult of "stuffy" rooms, while anmrnia, with its long train of evils, is very- often traceable to tlie same source. It is a curi- us fact that while nurses, district visitors and inspectors of different sorts have ae- ct66 ' the homes of the very poor and gc-and rarely fail to take-a chance of utatuting reform, the people who are her better off as far as money goes con tinue in their misguided way. In. Ame rica these people are met with object les. ons dady, since the question of sleeping "t.lrcsh air is regard,!, as it well might I as one of national importance. A special league popularises, illustrated lec- urcs that show tho disastrous results of ll1® system, with the result af a improvement in the general health ' tic community baa surprised even the fes' optimistic. — VIOLA. 