CABLE NEWS. 'A memorial to the late R. J. Seddon is to be placed in St. Paul's Cathedral, Lon don. Heavy l'nins have extinguished the forest fires in tlie Ivootenay legions, British Columbia. Tho Danish printing strike hys ended, through tlie intervention of the\ '^ter for tlie Interior. ' \ Firedamp in the Dudeveiler mine, Prus sia, killed thirteen miners and injured thirteen others. A regular steamship service for cargo and emigrants is contemplated between Italy, Australia, and New Zealand. King Edward and Kaiser William met afc Krouberg. Tlie German pre?s minimise the political importance of the interview. Ira D. Sankcy, American evangelist, associate of the late Dwight L. Moody, is dead. He was within a fortnight of his GSth year. In revenge for an outrage by a negro on a white woman, a riot occurred at Spring field, Illinois, and several negroes and whites were killed. An airship at the Franco-British Exhi bition exploded while being inflated, and as a result a man and a woman were killed; and several worn ininvnei The publication of all newspapers except Socialist journals has been stopped in Den mark, owing to a strike. The masters ? threaten to lock out the allied trades. Mr. Winston Churchill, President of the Board of Trade, England, is to marry Cle mentine, daughter of the late Sir Henry Hozier, soldier and war correspondent. Wilhlm Voight, who was sentenced to four years' imprisonment in December 1, 1906, for steaiiug municipal funds ,ot' Kopenick by posing as a military officer, ' '.ac,' been released. Dr. Charcot has sailed from Harve, France, for a three years' expedition iir the ? Antartic. An attempt is, to be made to .'cacu ttie south poie by Alexander Land, louth of Cape Horn. The Sultan of Turkey states: 'The whole nation belongs to the Committee of the Union of Progress, and I am its president. . Let us 'co-operate for the recovery of the country's greatness.'. - China seized 10,000 rifles and 2,000,000 cartridges in . Southern China. Japanese merchants protested,' but it is almost cer tain that the arms and ammunition were intended for revolutionaries. Chinese in British Columbia threaten to boycott Canadian goods if the proposed anti-opium legislation is ;passed, They claim they should 'be-given 10 years' grace in order to clear their stocks. ???- ? Eighty-five shipping agents, after hear illgo W. Preedy and Percy Hunter,, of N.HjAY. Government Departments in Eng land, resolved that the N.S.W. system- of immigration was satisfactory— to them. \\- For the, protection of the Pacific cable route aliens are to be prohibitive 'from hold ing Tands on Washington... ,aucV-_Fiuiniag Islands without the: consent of a High'^H'n missioner,' but without ^ prejudice' to exist- -: ing ownership or treaty right. ?* -Viola Spencer, a woman parachutist, spent a night in the clouds above Derby shire, England, because she could not de tach the parachute attached to the balloon. The balloon dropped in the moru ing. Tho woman nearly perished of cold. F. Beaurcpaire, Victoria, won- the 4-JOydn. saltwater amateur swimming championship in England in ,4 min. 59 2-5th sec., beating Tint tfirshv. Morspv /^linmnion F W Springfield, Q., tied with Eadinilovic, tho Welsh champion, for third place. France is delci'mined to stop the adultcra--. tion of beers, wines, etc. No cognac can. be sold as such exceiit it comes -from Charente, no champagne except from the champagne district, and no sparkling wines unless the effervescence is due to alcoholic fermentation. The strength of many battalions of the British Territorial Army weakened 50 per cent, in numbers during the second week's training. Latest returns show the strength as being 174,296 N.C. officers and, men, or 5S per cent, of the' establishment- provided for — 302,199. For colonial food products at the Franco British Exhibition the Grand Prix was awarded to New Zealand aud Victoria six and N.S.W. three times,- Queensland and S.A. once. Victoria, N.S.W., and S.A; each gained four gold medals, Queensland, two, and N.Z. one. Queensland gained two silver medals. 1 Bryan accepted Democratic nomination for U.S.A. Presidency at a ? meeting of 18,000 people at Lincoln,- Nebraska. He held the jRepnblicans responsible for com-, mercial corporation abuses Localise they; applied opiates instead i of the surgeon's: knife. Bryan favored tariff for revenue only, and advocated election of Senators by, direct vote of the people. ? Wilbur Wright travelled eight miles: with an aeroplane, but when descending.- ? touched the wrong lever, and a wing ofj the machine was slightly injured. *-s An Amendment Bill lias been passed at? Cape Colony reducing tlie income tax -ex-, ! emption to incomes' of '£501' It is estij, mated to provide £ 300,000 additional reve-; nue, a total of £550,000, fro mincome! tax. ? During the year ended March last 90, 059- people in England applied for relief1 under; the. Unemployed^ Workmen's Act. Of tliese: 32,624 applications were made in London,-: and 57,435 in the provinces, tlie total] beinsr 3000 more than that of the previous? year. The increase. is chiefly in London,' and is due to the depression in the engi.r;: neering, shipbuilding, iron, steel, and metal: trades.. ; The racial trouble at Springfield, Illinois,-. seems to have been the fault of the whites-.' 'Times' correspondent described 'the; gratuitous brutality of the mob at -Spring^ field as surpassing the brutality or any racial clashes of recent years.'- The mob attempted to lynch two negroes in jail, ono of whom was accused of assaulting a white woman. Foiled, they wrecked the house of the owner of the motor car which carricd the prisoners to safety. Soldiers then had a tussle with the' mob, killing two aud wounding twenty. The mob rushed the negroes' quarter^ and destroyed tho blacks ^ property, besides lynching two innocent negroes. Cavalry charged the mob; and the riots have been queled, but the 'cohdi--. into the streets. 