Metropolitan \- Notes - BRISBANE, Friday. The passing of the Old Ag& Irensions Act lias not released the Government from theueeessity for providing snsten anoe for the indigent, of whom m a largo city there is always a great number needing relief. The Immigra tion Barracks have up to the present time been the rendezvous for those appiyiug for relief, hat the authorities consider that besides all the accom modatiou being needed for immigrants it looks bad for these new comers to be confronted with a small army of in digent persons, some of whom are able bodied men in temporary im-; pecuuiosity owing to being unable to j obtain employment. Tl is may seen ! strange in Queenslandwliere labor is in constant demand, but there must always be a floating Bupply of labor of all kinds owing to many industries iot requiring hands all the year round. Considering that the sight of a number of persons applying for food is likely to have a depressing effect on new arrivals the Government have shifted the depot from Kangaroo Point to Mary- street. On Wednesday the re presentatives of about 400 families at tended at the depot, and obtained their week's supply of rations. The banquet in honor of delegates to the Labor Convention was a most exciting razzle-dazzle. Watson and Fisher, who as members of a Common wealth Ministry, know what it is to be catered for by French cooks and Vice Regal confectioners, and have clinked glasses with Governors-General and the ereme de la excreme of Melbourne society, faced the sucking pig with Berenc good humor; but when Dave Bowman heaped on Christian's plate a ladle full of cabbage drowned in beef dripping, the ex-Prime Minister of Australia uearly fainted from dfspeptic fastidiousness. Jim Page, though not a delegate, was admitted to all the deliberations and festivities, and was busily carving around of beef almost as fat and jolly looking as hims''f King O'Malley was very facetion. over his tea, but confessed with a lugubrious smile that he would have preferred sparkling ale from Tasmania to decoction from an herb grown oy bally Asiatics. " Yes," remarked J.P., " to be consistent we ought none of ns to drink tea grown by black labor. Do yon know that for years I never tasted sugar in any form as a protest against the employment of Kanakas, then I had to give up tea as a second protest against employment of colored labor, which reduced me down to milk and Lot water." "What," retorted the King, " and yon were running a public I house ?*' James winked his eye and re marked " I believe in temperance, am in fact a strict teetotaller, and all my family likewise; but I'm too liberal minded to enforce my views on other people, dy'e see?" "I see," said O'Malley, and turned round to young Watkin, member of the Tasmanian Parliament. " Here's a homily fcr yon. young 'un, never eat or dvink nothing that aint produced by white labor, and your days shall be long in the House which providence and thy constituents hath given thee." J.P. then began to talk about the great atrike of 1891, and asked the Tas manian member if he remembered that historical event? Ben smiled and reminded James that as he was only a little boy of five in that memorable year, he did not retain a very vivid recollection of what happened. The Hon. Albert Inch cliff was at the spread. Albert has been trying for years to abolish him self. He holds very strong opinions concerning the uselessness of Upper 'Ouses Unless the members thereof are paid like the Senate. " Well," says Senator Gifien, "if you could do with out a second chamber in the State, we coald do without one in the -Common wealth ; but then what about me ?" " Inches" remarked that he had three fimoa tried to enter the Assembly, bat each time he was biffed, so he had to be in Parliament someho-v, and welcomed the appointment conferred upon him by his once dear and beloved friend Kidston. "'Ear you aint speaks now," remarked burly McGowan, leaning over the tabli " Certainly not," 6aid Inchy, with a smile and wink. " I suppose I am what Kidston would call an ungrateful dog." Dave Bowman, who was get ting rather red in the face after a pro longed attack upon bnttered toast and tea, said he never wanted to say nothing disparaging about Kidston, or Airey, or Kerr, or any of them rodents, because you see if it hadn't been for them leaving the party where would yours truly be at the present time ?" "Where'U you be, Dave, in 1911," shouted burly Jensen, the Danish-Aus tralian delegate from Tasmania. "Where Hi am now, Leader of the P.L.P. Like Mrs. Micawber, Hi'll never desert my party." " If you put the 'HI' in," retorts witty Senator McGregor, " it will turn P.LP. into the P-HI-LP party." McGregor is the singer of the party. He warbles so sweetly that his friends in South Aus tralia presented him with a brick house- one brick at a time. After the senatorial Bong had swooned into silence, the future Sir Andrew Fisher asked for some one to give the history ' of the Labor party. All were silent until Jim Page roared out, " The only man who can do that is Senator { Glassey. He was the first labor mem ber in the State Parliament, the founder of Labor in politics and ." " Sorry," remarked the President, "Glassey is impossible. As a has been-and a rat-tling good fellow at one time-but now outside the pale, we cannot ask him for history." " What about the next men- Ryan, Cross, Hoolan, Sim, pioneers of the movement, followed by Dawson, Higgs, Kidston, Airey, Fitzgerald, Kerr?" "Pardon me gentlemen, brother mates I should say," interposed the President with dignity. "These oames should never be mentioned at any Labor Conference, they- are ex communicated. Anathema marantha. Some day it may happen, not among us 6ix hundred pounders who can increase our salaries whenever and to whatever amount we may consider desirable-but among your poor down trodden State members renumerated with a miserable £300 per annum, that yon may be tempted to accept the £ 1000 which downs for ever the conscience and loyalty of true laborites. I am sorry materials for this history are not available, but perhaps in the columns of the Worker, if we expunge every thing relating to the unhappy persons whose names were mentioned at this table a little while ago, we shall dis cover a true history of the movement. In the meantime the tea is rapidly re solving itself into tannin and getting on my nerves." The ladieB having given the signal for retirement, Mr. Bowmpn pronounced the benediction and the royeterers broke up and retired to their several lodging houses in a glowing condition of ecstatic self glorification. [Our correspondent's report differs slightly from that pub lished in the Worker.-ED.] Two boys, one an aboriginal, the other a half-caste, who were hired out to F. A. Cox, a selector, ran away. When captured and brought before the Police Magistrate in Brisbane, the boys stated they ran away because they were poorly fed, and had to work from 5 o'clock in the morning until sundown. They were given a piece of bread and a potato for each of their three meals with nothing {besides ex cept plenty of water, and if they asked for more were told that they would get none next time. Colonel Moore said he was inclined to believe the boys statements, and as their employer did not attend the court the colored Oliver Twists had their hiring agree ments cancelled, and were handed over to the Protector of Aborigines. The Magistrate said he felt very mucli in clined to make Cox pay costs of conrt and 5s. a day for each witness s ex penses. -o At the Police Court on Friday, Mr. Banking, P.M., dealt with 250 applica tions for old age pensions. The Court was held in camera. 234 applications were allowed, pension being granted for full amount. Six. were allowed at a reduced rate. Teu were rejected as applicants had not reached the age stipulated, or possessed property or income sufficient to disqualify them. About 900 applications have to be dealt with. . -o The Aldermen of the City have vigorously sat upon and squelched for the time being their worshipful chief. He, retiring indignant from the Council Chamber, wheu Aldermeu accused him of ignoring bis colleagues, left those gentleman to finish the meeting, and this resulted in the pro positions for building the new Town Hall being postponed sine die. Several of the citizens are kicking np a bobbery and forming a league to agitate for the Town Hall. The trump card they hold is the Mayor of Sonth Brisbane, who threatens if the City Town Hall is knocked on the head that hiB Council will build one on the North side. -o The Royal Artillery Band is not composed entirely of teetotaller?, and the other evening several of them got loose on a spree, and one of them being arrested for using obscene language, his mates tackled the police and there was a rough and tumble for a quarter of an hour in which uniforms were torn and His Majesty's liege subjeots were more or Iras knocked about. Eventually the police managed to lock up the Bile Artillery, and next morn ing they were fined in various amounts. The reception of the Band by the Mayor on its arrival in Brisbane was quite magnificent, but the subsequent reception by Colonel Moore at the City Police Court waB not nearly such an enjoyable function for the poor bandBtnen. 