LATEST TELEGRAMS. SYDNEY, Monday. The American steamer Aeon, bound from San Francisco to Sydney, which is long overdue, was wrecked on Christ mas (Island, a deserted island, on the 18th July. All hands, numbering 50 persons, including four ladies and chil dren, landed safely on the island and camped. After waiting a- suitable op portunity the lifeboat succeeded in making Fanning Island last Tuesday, and news was sent on to Sydney. Ar rangements have been made for the steamer Manuka to rescue the (cast aways, all of whom are well, and had rations sufficient to last for six months. A shocking domestic tragedy occurred at Ballarat on Saturday night, when Ellen Cartledge, the wife of a miner named ;Albert Cartledge, was found lying on a bed in her residence, by neighbours, who had been attracted by the screams of the woman and her chil dren, suffering from a revolver wound in the head. Cartledge was found sitt ing'on a chair with his wife's head on his lap, and a revolver lay on the floor. Mrs. Cartledge died half an hour later. Her husband, who had been a leading footballer, was 'addicted 'to drink, and on Saturday, after attending the final premiership football match, is alleged to have gone home in a maddened con dition from drink, and to have had an altercation with his wife, a hard work ing, good-lviing woman, and then to have shot her with a Colt's revol ver. He was at once arrested on a charge of murder. Tuesday. Considerable ^activity prevails in the chartering of ships for the wheat sea son. and it is exnected a record will be established this year. Mr. Crossby, the chief clerk of the Melbourne Postal Department, stated that the policy had been to let the ad ministration go from bad to worse, the public suffering. 2 Mr. Deakin has received a dispatch from the British Admiralty on Aus tralian naval defence, and if the sug gestions contained therein are ac cepted, the present naval agreement will be considerably modified. The Im perial authorities have agreed to lend the Commonwealth two up-to-date cruisers for training purposes. Sir William Lyne says that the ap proximate cost to the Commonwealth in connection with the entertainment of the American Fleet was slightly under £30,000. Mr. Deakin intends to submit the whole question of immigration to Par liament at an early date. John Wills and William Clements, two fishermen, sailed from Wallaroo yesterday week, and two .days later 1 Clements was found dead in the boat. Willis experienced considerable diffi culty in getting the craft back to Wal laroo, which he reached yesterday in an exhausted condition. -i William Campbell, a railway em ployee. was hadlv crushed hetwppn two trucks at Eveleigh yesterday. Later. The official forecast is : Except for isolated and light showers in the extreme south east, fine generally, with west and south-west wind3 ; cold at night inland ; frosts on parts of the highlands. . It has now been definitely decided that a boxing contest for the heavy weight championship of the world, and a purse of £7500, shall take place between Burns and Johnson. CABLE NEWS. LONDON, Monday. _ An American squadron, consisting of six of the largest and most modern ar moured cruisers, together with seven destroyers, left San Francisco on Au gust 24th for [Samoa, at the invitation of the German Government. The P. and O. Company recently launched a mammoth [mail steamer for the Australian mail service. The ves sel was christened the Morea, and is 11,500 tons register. Two other simi-' lar vessels will be constructed immedi ately. The German Chancellor gave a re ception in honor of the InterParlia mentary Congress. He declared that the German Emperor, the people, the Government, and himself were ani mated iby the friendliest feelings to wards Great Britain. The Crown Prince stated that the Emperor recog nised the importance of union, and hoped that the Congress [would be fol lowed by beneficent results in the cause of peace, which was the basis of all true progress and civilisation. Its maintenance had been the Emperor's foremost cause. A deputation of British working men in favour of peace has visited the working men of Berlin. The deputa tion was accorded an ovation. Two gatherings were held, both of which resolved to heartily co-operate in safe guarding the interests of peace. There are indications that the stop page in the cotton industry of Lanca shire will not be prolonged. The Central Telenhone Exchange at Paris has been destroyed by fire. The damage is £1,800,000. Mr. Hearst, a candidate for the American Presidency, has caused a sen sation by reading letters, which indi cated that Senators Foraker and Sib ley, while in a public office, had finan cial and other relations with the Stand ard Oil Corporation. He also assailed two leading Democrats on similar char ges. The disclosures have inflamed the public against trusts. The shipbuilders at West Hartlepool threaten to close their shipbuilding branch, owing to the losses sustained by labor troubles. The Danish ex-Minister of Justice, recently arrested on a charge of fraud, is reported to have lost £333,000 in six years on the London Stock Exchange. France has withdrawn 3,000 men from Morocco, and another 3,000 will leave in October. The remainder, numbering 8,000, will be finally sup planted by police. Later. A bull enclosure atNouta, Spain, got opened and 22 bulls were released into the arena. Seven persons were killed, and 40 injured by the bulls. The sol diers were compelled to shoot a num ber of tho animals. 