&e; WeeK ii =====^0 n nou 11 tl Sticks ill the throat of uVn' which howls that the workers because of lira Fleet's com ?v■■ iime Trades Hall a urolith or iuyc'ii at the prospect of the Fleet, i extra' work and high wages it would ' • ;t; n'.i ii friends. , * * ins grabbed >a whole hand -'iw inviting the American jouirnal •t> Fleer to dins at the Victorian Par " Tills was done (by special cable :vui iVore the Federal rejoicings camr R^Yfcat was in the wind and now tjiuvvd a having missed a chance. LV,;., reason why tire re shoul d not Ipinrs for the journalists, one iby the Li"one by the Federal authorities—the ' fiou': aiintl. • lirj of (in oncoming American Fleet's C .drills, it seems, and 'perfect ire jmmay. based on imutuail respect, exists all f'-.-rs mi board. Father Glees oil liru: in ire than an hour or two ashore Lad '.v|ion lie was able to isay from a ni:.:: tin; "Xew Zealand was the sp'len hnhospitable people. .He came dy: already lie felt he knew every lEvidfirly the Celtic element, so strong dug lo .make the whole tour isdlv. * * # l i-ir.' wii.li its Fleet, decorations. The m '!>•• rain, and the lack of Federal (itsj j-ahmsly fostered .by the Garruth ifacrou. are to blame for this. If the l:Sydney ha-l sent out that historic in lihmawn would be in the throes lof a Ihspfin now, and the who.le .populace f iinicL-ing a nasal drawl and getting . P-dud hand. A mass .meeting and isiiy tiie Prime Minister are wanted to |H'it-y lo us responsibilities as a host lM. --y.li.ui ;f Harbour. -ia's airship has 'been burnt up, but tih'O iTtill protUtcn great fruit. Instead ol |soldier devoting h's (private fortune to fir.;, the whole German nation its en Iiluinik'Y ami sympathy in a new imove lerea'.e an aerial fleet. Germany wow } the running from France in this great [scientific research, ami England still lie rear, lly and bye, may hap, Mr. Bull I: along with his money bags and 'buy ■ whine that other brains (have devis Itai, again, the inventor, if he he a - ■patriot like JCeppedfni, will wot sefl'l. It V the British Governmeat. to. offer a pd now for a good (lying machine. I * * Ht iwior the 'privilege to revive their art Victorian might Hours Committee ft the Trades Hall hit lib hi y; was .added [hope that this (source of revenue P'.lmic. Whilst the lottery Is banned "i tjio "bnrllament of Labour" mivst ,ve i:' To do thorn justice, Labour poll : liulo interest. In the .ludkhns oru IL1 • art uu'Qlva 'aiul save a anono 1"'J? 10 the rich racing clubs. The n a creditable building,- and Hwv sa,lid evidences extant of union in i i vs l-^our Party decadence,. to iWt the place out of debt ■ * * * Blrl? W* ot 'll)ri"lrio:! for farms honorary secretary r"KlaU'a1' league of \ustmUa. by every' maM. Better still, many of the applicants ■are British farmers with capital, who want to 'be enabled to purchase an estate as soon as •they arrive in Australia, so as to lose no tiane and money before 'getting to woik. Some of these 'prospective settlers come out here and travel around the country before selecting their farms. A citizens' welcome 'league is badly ^wanted to take these strangers in and give them ' genuine assistance. It is well worth the while of merchants to liberally support such a body, for every moneyed immigrant means a new cus tomer for their wares and greater stability for the country's trade. French yignerons have withdrawn from the?. Shepherd's Bush show because some of ojiuVr' wine exhibits are marked "Australian Blip- ( gundy "—a title which they aver might mislead ^ the public to believe the liquor to be of French,it make. Muscat and Shiraz -are names of foreign •wines utilised by French growers, but nobody calls .'them, or by cayalier action 'implies -that they are, pirates on that account. It is a pen alty of fame that " Burgundy" is .used to de scribe a certain variety of wine the world over, and as long as the locality of our product is stated the public—the sole arbiters—.will not complain. On the other hand, when Australia.11 branded boxes are used to contain bad Danish butter Antipodean producers are put under a grave injustice. The 'Nash case nears a farcical conclusion. The daily papers are openly taunting the ex Canon and the Vicar-General to come out in the open and fight their differences to a finish, aud they decline to do so. In other words, both parties are urged to publish the mysterious charges and once for all settle the ugly rumours going around in a friendly action tat law. If 'they fail to take up that challenge the Press 'will mot give much more 'attention to their war of hints and innuendoes, and then It will die a natural death; It'may be. added that all the charges have really been stated in cold iprint long ago, and the avay these publications have been ignored seems to indicate that 'the parties don't .want a settlement, but only a long war of iwords, in which they may show off tire splendours of their rhetoric. .The nonchalant up-country hospital nurses at Warracknabeal (Ylc.) organised a dance in the Infection's -diseases ward, to ".farewell" one fair sister. During the hubbub one of the patients also decided tlo- "farewell," and quitted this earthly sphere .for ever, his parting pangs ibe ing lightened by the strains of ".Stop Yer Tlck •l.ln', 'Jock," and the "Merry Widow" waltz. It Is not on record that the gay nurslings used the dying man's couch as a "sitting out" divan, or smothered his .prayers for a little quietness with pleasant .canoodling chatter; but it seems to be a fact that professional young nurses are very hard cases where sympathies for the sick are concerned. In this instance, they pleaded in excuse .that as soon as the patient died the dancing- was stopped. Queer, this ethical para dox which demands more consideration for the dead than' for the dying. * # # \- Whilst a charge cf "salting chaff" is being preferred in the courts against one Victorian member of •Parliament, others in the Legislative 'Council are freely 'discussing the practice com plained of, and one member stated that last year the railways carried between 5000 and 6000 tons of sand which farmers had paid for as man ure, Great arguments have raged amongst po liticians durtng' the last few days as to whether sanding' manure is a worse crime it,ban salting chaff. From a humanitarian point of vieiw, an umpire would be inclined to say salted cfliaI'f is the crueller form of adulteration, as it in jures Mlie cattle which consume it. Economic ally speaking, a farmer is cheated more by ■sanded manure than by salted chaff, but morally and .commercially speaking', the whole game is rank rotten, a/nd it is bo be wi'itten to the credit of one member of the Bent Ministry that these matters are being .sifted. Improvement of .Sunday school instruction is advised in the Archbishop of Canterbury's en cyclical letter to the English clergy. Fatuous Sunday school teaching has provided many a decadent young man -with glood reasons for abandoning piety and taking to week-end trips and general festivity and agnosticism. Sunday school teachers are very often ignorant, faithful hacks, who serve the parson's purpose by keep ing- the families of parishioners attached t)o their ,-ehurches. But the idea that any sort of re 5 Jigkhis'"" 'training-; is good enough for a minor, whereas _only "a'- jful'ly ordained and cultivated 'qan^leacl .the footsteps of .his papa, ^seems1"' grange-]/'^Secular education of youth kK.not entrusted, tb any but skilled teachers. too tired or too bored to irTOVjiia^nhtibnifi' religion for any but adult's, and that largely is the reason nvhy the rising gen eration go so little to church. " AVars and schisms n In the Church of Eng land Army in consequence of the Nash case, as sume their worst form at Alexandra (Vic.), where the 'Rev. E. H. Scott, who has a side show C'f his own .running in the theatre of eccle siastical rancours, is (playing at hide and seek ■with a one-armed bailiff. 'Somebody, in the name of Christian love and faith, passed a bailiff into the Rev. Scott's vicarage. The mad dened cleric promptly talked ihi.m into a state of nervous terror, and he fled a anile to his home. Later, the bailiff returned with a fighting man, but was not taken info the shepherd's fold. But still the parson held the fort, and emptied coals of fire upon his adversary by giving him some hot tea and cakes through the window., This .merciful and orthodox .treatment was quite effective, and the 'bailiff avent home. Three or four other clerics are making litigious menace at Mother Church, and when the Archbishop comes hack he will 'have to tackle the situation with the gloves off or admit himself beaten. "A striking Illustration of Australian Reeling was .seen at the Eastern Hill orderly room lot the Sixth Australian Infantry Regiment. Over seventy men,- scenting either lighting or adven ture, turned up to recruit for India, whilst during the last few days the military authori ties ihave 'been in receipt of many requests from old soldiers and non-commissioned odlceis ask ing to he enlisted with the regiment If It should proceed to the 'front."—Daily paper report. ' Maybe we'll get some loot, Perhaps the iguns will shoot! Don the saddle and the hoot; You bet, we'll chance it! There's our Hindoo brother calling'— Seems to want a little mauling; P'raps he'll send us homeward squalling; Well, we'll chance It. In the old Australian way, 'We are willing any day, Be the prospects what they imay, Just to chance It. With a pony and a gun, There Is not a 'mother's son Who would not be In the il'nn— Pass his ticket In and chance It. Some will prosper with trie Flag, Sprite got sewn tip In the rag, Others fly out on the ,1ag. Hurrah! we'll chance It. There same' sweet 'princesses may Make lis Rajah If we'll stay; We'll just kiss and ride away— Or stop and chance It. When we've given India, Peace, Will our 'warlike wanderings cease With a hillet in the PMice?— We'll have to chance it, McCl'aggan, 