SUMMARY. Messages have pnsscd between King Ed- , ward and the Shah relative to the grant ing by the British Legal-ion in Teheran of an asylum for refugees. (Pago i.j The annual Dominion Dnv ban net- was lie-id in' London on Wednesduv. (Page -1.) Speaking at the Dominion Dav ban, met, (he Earl of Dudlev said the secret of tlie' British Empiro was tlie contentment of (he people of the various nations which formed the Empire. (Pace -1.) The Oltl Age Pensions Bill passed through committee witii tho sliding scale schedule. (Pago 4.) The suffragettes who were arrested out side I he House of Commons were brought - before tlie court on Wednesday, ('Pare 4.1 Margaret Gardiner has been sentenced to 'imprisonment for twelve months far stealing securities and othor property to the value ot £1'J,000 at Manchester. (Page 4.) The sentence of death passed on Harry, Orchard lias bci-n commuted to imprison ment for life. (Pave 4.) The Duke of Orleans has issued a short manifesto in, 1hc shape of an interview .with a reiireseritativo of tlie Paris "Matin." (Piiec 4.) The Emperor William of Germany is making arrangements Mo'r a -visit to the Czar. (Pago 4.) . The police at: Kiel have discovered'- an attempt to reveal to France the com- nosition of the new ' German smokeless powder. (Pave 4.) The assassin of Count Potocki has been sentenced to death. (Pnee 4.1 , Tlie final nccentnnccs for tlic Grand National Hurdle Race were declared yes- l.crdiiv. <Pi>— 7.) - v Coleman, the murderer of nonstable' King, was executed at Adelaide yesunday morning, (Pago -1.) The annua) hall of the Queensland Fly ing Squadron look olacc last evening in the Centennial HaH. (Page 7i.) The nurses at the Children's Hospital gave u dance in a ward under the now building. (Page 3.) A Danish masnucriidc hall was. held in tlic South Brisbane Technical College Hall last night. (Page. 8.) . t Balmoral Shire Council met yesterday ftcrnoon. (Page. 2.) The immigrants who arrived yesterday by the R.M.S. Oroya were welcomed officially last evening. (Page 3.) 