Pebbles on the Beach. —*— The figures for the metropolitan se- lection ballot have at length been pub- lished. For North Perth, with 5,012 electors on the roll, the Labor candi- date was selected by 98 votes, 130 votes being cast altogether in the se- lection ballot. In East Perth, with 4,579 electors on the roll, the Labor candidate was se- lected by 39 votes, a total of 73 votes being cast in the whole selection bal- lot. In Balcatta, with 2,120 doctors on the roll, the Labor Candidate was se- lected by 118 votes, a total of 143 votes being cast in the whole selection ballot. In Subiaco, with 3,414 electors on the roll, the Labor candidate was se- lected by 59 votes, a total of 99 votes being cast in the whole selection ballot. In the Swan, with 2,628 electors on the roll, the Labor candidate was se- lected by 57 votes, 107 votes being cast altogether. If we add together the total number of the electors enrolled in the constit- uencies, and the total number of votes cast at the selection ballots, and strike an average, we find that the total votes cast at a selection ballot, represented, in the metropolitan area, just three per cent. of the electors. If we take the total votes cast for the selected candidates, we find that they represent a shade over two per cent, of the electors. Can anything be more farcical than a Labor candidate being selected for such a constituency as East Perth by 39 votes, and for Subiaco by 59 votes? And these selections absolutely, debar any other Labor man from standing under penalty of being denounced as a traitor ! It will be noted, too that the se- lected Labor candidates are almost all secretaries of unions. Is not this the introduction of the Political Machine ? . . . It is obvious from the announce- ment in the Premier's policy speech that this State will soon possess Lo- cal Option in the form in which the Temperance Party has demanded it. ' . . . Five years ago every man, woman, and child in the country paid £6 9s 10d in Customs and Excise taxes, while now the payment only amounts to £3 14s 3d. This means that the com- munity, as a whole, pays £740,535 less per annum than they paid five years ago. . . . The latest flotation brings the public debt up to £20,493,518. As a partial set off there is, of course, the sinking fund. After deducting the sinking fund, the debt averages £69 0s 11d per head. . . . A French diplomatist, who has spent years in Japan, states that the expansion of Japanese power in the next few years will astonish the world. He calculates that Japan will endea- vor to lead the whole of Asia, and may even attempt to conquer it. . . . The new Municipal Council at Brest (France), which has come into office after eight years of Socialist rule, has been obliged to sell some of the muni- cipal properties to meet the large de- ficit bequeathed to it. . . . Scientists affirm that the whale lives from 800 to 1,000 years. It is strange to think that the life-time of one whale spans all the interval be- tween the conquest of England by the Normans and the present day. . . . An hotel has been opened at Zurich. Switzerland, for women only. No man is allowed upon the premises. We fancy that the lady guests must find it a rather monotonous institution. . . . Fortunes are made by very simple inventions. The latest is an incandes- cent electric lamp, fitted with two in- dependent filaments, one of 16 candle power and one of the 2½. By merely re- volving the glass bulb. The strong light is switched off and the weak "turn down" light is switched on. The Bank of England is the richest bank in the world. The Bank of France comes next. Neither is a State institution, though both discharge im- portant State functions. . . . The biggest ranch in the world is in the State of Chihuahun, Mexico. It comprises eight million acres in all. The ranch maintains its own slaugh- tering and packing plant. Each year 150,000 head of cattle and 100,000 sheep are handled by the plant. The ranch carries one million head of cat- tle and one hundred thousand horses. . . . The longest flight made by the Wright Bros., of Ohio, U.S.A., was 8 miles. The machine invented by them is a gliding aeroplane capable of car- rying one man. . . . An aged couple, Mr. and Mrs. Ar- thur Wilson, of Croydon, England, have just celebrated ths 61st anniver- sary of their wedding. Both enjoy ex- cellent health. They have 86 decend- ants. . . . A new industry has been established in London—the manufacture of statu- ettes in wax. These portrait statues can be made very life-like. The ma- terial used is generally a wax can- dle. . . . The Danish Government has made elaborate experiments as to which type of windmill develops the most power. It has been found that each 63 square feet of surface develops one horse-power when the wind travels at 13½ miles per hour. . . . Extraordinary activity obtains in the German naval ports. Whether the German Government intends war or not, there can be no question as to the completeness of the preparations for war. A new naval base been com- menced at Apenrade, in the Baltic. When completed, it will accomodate the largest warships afloat. At Brunsbutlel, on the North Sea exit of the Kaiser Wilhelm Canal, a new and extensive dockyard is being constructed. It will be fitted with two docks capable of accommodating war- ships of the Dreadnought class. At Wilhelmshaven, two docks for Dreadnoughts will be completed this year. At Emden, a first-class torpe- do base is being constructed. At this latter port, strong fortifications are being erected. Long quays to permit the quick embarkation of torpedos are also being constructed. The canal between Emden and Wil- helmshaven is being deepened and wi- dened to admit of the passage of war- ships. These preparations, taken in con- junction with the enormous expendi- ture on vessels of the Dreadnought class and the deepening of the Kiel Canal at a cost of ten millions, are viewed with grave concern by the Bri- tish Admirality. They may well ask— What is the meaning of it all ? . . . Mr. C. G. Assheton-Smith. the ow- ner of extensive quarries, drives the tallest pair of horses in England. They are 17.3 hands high. . . . President Roosevelt has presented a massive gold medal to Fireman Laver- ty, of the British steamer Wayfarer, in recognition of his heroic services in saving the captain and crew of the Elma E. Randell, an American schoo- ner. . . . The average speed of the s.s. Lusi- tania, taking the mean of seven trans- Atlantic trips, is 22.71 knots. The ave- rage speed of the Kronprinzessin Ceci- lie figures out at 22.47 knots. The first is fitted with turbine engines and the latter with reciprocating engines. Experts are asking whether the trifling gain in speed is worth the extra cost ? The Empire Cup, given by the "Dai- ly Mail" to the best team in the in- ternational rifle competition, would hold one hundred bottles of cham- pagne. Over 400ozs. of silver were used in its manufacture. Leprosy is increasing in Japan. The number of lepers now exceeds 53,000 . . . there has been much controversy to the proper size of the well-propor- tioned mouth. Sculptors say it should not exceed two-thirds the length the nose. The progress being made in Co is truly astonishing, and is whe due to the system of immigration official return shows that in 31 of the principal municipalities alone, the buildings constructed in the year were valued at over eleven million pounds sterling. . . . A mammoth equestrian statue of the late King of Italy will be unveiled in Rome. It is 33ft in height, and will weigh 268 tons. An old Bible, dated 1590, in an ex- cellent state of preservation, has been found in an old house at Dannig. was bound in wooden covers, and had been built into the walls. . . . Mr. Holman Hunt's great picture "The Light of the World," has been formally installed in St Paul's Cathe- dral, London. . . . Six ex-Ministers of Great Britain draw old- age pensions : Victoria Cross, £2,000 : Lord George Hamilton £2,000 ; Mr. H. Chaplin, £1,200; John Gorst, £1,200 : Lord Balfour Burleigh £1,200 : Mr. Gerald four, £1.200. Old age pensions Cabinet Ministers have been the law in England since 1869. . . . The guardians at Liskeard, h voted 4s. per week relief to a labourer who brought up a family of nine children on nine schillings a week. He had 110 descendants, all living. . . . Mr. Go, the well- known geolo- gist, has been dispatched to report on the phosphatic rocks near Dongarra. . . . A huge turtle was stranded on Rot- nest during the recent gales. It mea- sured nine feet in diameter, and weigh- ed about half a ton. . . . General Blume has presented a markable report on military affairs to the German General Staff. In the next war, he says, Germany can put 4,730,000 soldiers into the field. The cost will be three hundred millions annually for direct military expenditure, apart from industrial and commercial losses, which will be in- calculable. In such a war the casuali- ties are hardly likely to be much un- der one million. . . . The Kolapore Cup was won by the British team with a score of 7 while Canada was second with 7 and Guernsey third with 734. Last year Great Britain and Australia tied for fourth place with 778. . . . Maurice Blo, an Irishman, shoot- ing at Bisley, at 960 yards scored fifty-on consecutive bull's eyes, which constitutes a world record. . . . The Chinese in Australia are being organised into a Chinese Navy League to raise contributions to the cost of the proposed Chinese navy. 