HOME & FOREIGN SUMMARY OF CABLE NEWS. LONDON, September 29. The statements of a convict named 'John F. Spencer have led to the arrest at Leicester of several men on charges of being incriminated in burglaries on a larce scale, the pro ceeds of which were handed to re ceivers in London within a few hours. The Dalai Lama, the head of the Buddhist faith in Thibet, has arrived at Peking, accompanied by eighty at tendants. He was publicly wel comed, and escorted in state to the .Yellow Lamasery. LONDON, September 30. Brisk competition marked the opening of the fifth series of London avool Bales ob Tuesday, and prices for good avools were firm, but faulty sorts showed a de cline of 5 per cent. Mr. Shackleton, a prominent member of the British Labour Party, speaking at Colne, stated that the unemployed noAV numbered a million and a quarter, half of these being general labourers. He advo cated a rate of Id. or %_. to start muni cipal tvorks. Dr. Donaldson, Archbishop of Brisbane, i* returning by the Ophir, leaving London on Friday. Towns and Barry, who are to row on the Thames for the English sculling cham pionship, are in hard training, and both in tine condition. Barry is the favourite in the betting. Canada is L-suing at par a 3*j_ per cent loan of £5,000,000. L*a? While proceeding to the Mediterranean tourist steam yacht Argonaut foun dered after a collision with the collier Kingswelf in a fog in the English Channel. All on board Avere saved, but the tourists had many thrilling experiences, and an appalling disaster was only narrowly averted. According to .t London paper, the Earl of Shaftesbury, who is gifted with a beautiful tenor voice, has declined an offer of £1000 a week for a thirty Avecks' con cert tour in America. Disastrous floods in the native State of Hyderabad, in India, have done an enor mous amount of damage, and hundreds of natives were drowned. Argentina has approved of an arbitration treaty with Brazil. It is stated by the Berlin correspondent of a London paper that the German Government will submit to the Reichstag not later than 1910 a bill embodying the proposal of the Navy League for the con struction of six large armoured cruise^. M. Isvolsky and Signor Tittoni, tlie Rus sian and Italian Ministers for Foreign Affaire, have liad a cordial interview, and as a result the relations between the two countries are.declared to have become mora intimate than for a long time past. Miss Evelyn Millard has purchased a one-act Australian comedy from H. C. Scott, of Sydney, for produc tion at an early date at the Garrick Theatre. Alderman Sir George Trustcott has been elected Lord Mayor of London dtMpr the ensuing year. Doctor Newsholme has informed the Tuberculosis Congress now sitting at Washington that Mr. John Burns. President of tho Local Government Board, has directed all the Poor Law medical officers to notify to any sanitary authorities applying for such information all cases of phthisis occurring amongst parochial pat ients. The London "Daily News" states that tho "Times" has Joined the pub- Ushers' association, thus ending tbe "book Avar." Copious downpours of rain havo extinguished the forest fires that wore raging in the*" United' States, with the exception of the fires in the Adirondack Mountains, in New York State. His Majesty King Edward has created a long serA'ice decoration for commissioned officers of tne new territorial forces. Chitty Bey (Mr. A. Chitty*) has declined the offer made to him by the Porto to undertake the re organisation of the Turkish Cus toms. Mr. J. F. G. Richards, of Welling ton, has been awarded the Guy's Hospital Junior Science Scholarship of £150. LONDON, October 1. The Victorian Government is shoAving at the Franco-British Ex hibition at Shepherd's Bush an ex hibit of bread ma_e entirely from Victorian flour. Experts consider the bread to be excellent. A. Postle, tbe professional sprinter of Australia, run 80 yards at Bolton yesterday in 7j"sec, making a world's record. It is announced that His Majesty King Edward being aAvare of the great interest taken by the nation in general in the lately published "Letters of Queen Victoria," has commanded a neAv and popular edition to be issued so as to bring the book within tho reach of nil his, Majesty's subjects. Since the majority of the Lanca shire cotton mills have closed down in consequence of tho striko of oper atives there has been a decrease in the consumption of engine oil of 750,000 tons a week. The railway traffic has in consequence greatly de creased, and the running of a num ber of trnins has been suspended. Tie London "Daily Express" 6tat s that the formation of railway com bines will enable tho railway com panies to enforce an all round reduc tion in wages, a gradual reduction in the staffs, and the abolition of all special privileges to employees. A Turkish steamer came into col lision with tho ferry steamer Stam boul outside Smyrna, with the re sult that, the ferry steamer was sunk and 140 persons wero drowned. The contest botween Lasker and Tarrasch, for the chess charn,pion ship which has been proceeding for some time past, has now been con cluded. Lasker retains the cham pionship, having won eight games to three. M. Weiller has purchased tho French patents in the aoroplane in vented by the Wright Brothers, and has sriven orders to a French firm to construct fifty of the aeroplanes. It is officially announced in Peking that all the Powers have now assented to the prohibition of the importation into China of morphia except for medicinal purposes, and the 'prohibition will be enforced from January 1 next. Commenting on the Australian Defence Bill, the London "Evening Standard" says the bill -hows the road whioh GroAt Britain ought to take in order to secure true national security. Bit-ihop Montgomery, in a letter to the '• Times" on •behalf of the ttcciety for the Propagation of the Gospel, makes «n nppeal for "-pceial iund- to help the Bishop of North Queensland's Bush Brotherhood scheme. M. Mintchavitch, Bulgarian Consular Agent in London, has been recalled by liis Government for his indiscretion in declaring that he personally considered Bulgaria wa« ripe for independence. Although the Government warned the dwellers on the banks of the Mii-i River to escape from the flood which has caused ruoli devastation at Hyderabad, in India, 1000 people, chiefly women and children, were drowned. A gang of thirty youths, with revolvers nnd bombs, captured the Warsaw to St. Petersburg mail train, and after over powering the passengers, official.--, and military guard, robbed the mail of a laige turn of money. A eudden expansion cf gas tipped a bal loon when it was at an altitude of BGOO feet in Rhennl-h Prussia, and it im mediately plunged down 2000 feet, when the torn envelope spread out, forming v sort of parachute, and thus enabled the aeronaut* to cttscend in -ifety. The Government of BuJganda has decided not to modify its standpoint with regard to the Orient Railway, and also to insist on the diplomatic character ot its roprv> -e-ntative tit Constantinople. There ia a growing ur:ea*ine^s among educated Turks at the po-*ihility of Bul garia declaring it* imlependance. The race for the Jockey Club Stakes was run at Newmarket, and resulted in a win fur Siberia, with Primer second, and Royal Realm third. LONDON, October 2. Excessive heat has been experienced in London, causing several deaths. The "WaU-h-oi" (Australian Rugby Union foctbaftleri) defeated Gloucester shire by 2 goals 2 tines to nil. Lord Rosslyn invented a system, which he claimed was infallible for "breaking the bank," and to test the matter, he and Sir Hiram Maxim had a week's contest at roulette, with the result that Lord Rosslyn admitted he's system was a failure. Tremendous mails marked the inaugur ation on Thursday of the penny postage system between Great Britain and Ameri ca. Two men named Win-born and Canham have been commlitted for trial in London on the charge of threatening to murder J. B. Noel, unless they were paid £500. Many heroic rescues are rerxwted in conne_tion with the floods at Hyderabad, The starving and destitute Aiotim„ are looting the gran and liquor -hops in the d-vn.-itatc- aree. " The Shah of Persia 3ia's be-ied a rescript which indirectly repeals the Constitution. Seventy-ax Indians have bean..arrested, on the TransA-aal frontier as prohibited immigrants. **" The South Australian GoA'ernment has been awarded a medal for the exhibit of oranges at the special horticultural show held in connection with the Franco-British Exhibition. Tho London "Mail" states that the executive of the Cardroom Opera tives' Union in Lancashire havo unanimously decided against taking a second ballot on the proposal of the employers for a reduction in wages. Kali Charanmukerjee, an Indian bomb maker, who was found guilty at Aligarn of writing letters threa tening to kill the Vicerq_y (the Earl of Minto) and Mr. Aclamson has been sentenced to nine months' rigorous imprisonment, and was also fined 300 rupees (£2O). Out of 375 unskilled whito labourers, previously unemployed, who were taken on at the Johan nesburg mines, 100 have now been promoted to positions of permanent employment. Of the three deserters from tho French Foreign Legion at Casa blanca, in Morocco, whose arrest, with three deserters of other nation allies, led to the recent incident be tween Germany and France, informa tion now to hand shows that two were deserters from the German Army, and the third left Germany to avoid military service. The death is announced of Ibra him Pasha, who was one of tho most notorious Kurdish leaders in Turkey. It is roported that King Monelik of Abyssinia is suffering from paraly- • s.is of his right side. While forty-three defendants were bcina: tried before the magistrates at Ennistymon, in County Clare, Ire land, on charges of cattle driving, the crowd outside stoned the court house. The police drew their batons and dispersed the crowd, wounding many. LONDON, October 3. Three hundred thou and oneiativca are expected to be thrown out of work this week by the Lancashire cotton strike. A special conrc^poniknt compute- tho death iroll from the recent dir?Strous Hood at Hyd'eraibad, in India, nt 50,000, and ihe damage done at £13.000.000. It is stated by a leadunz London paper that if the British revenue continues to shrink at the ?me rate aa it has done lately there is likely to be a deficit of £8,000,000 at the end of tihe financial year, end besides this the Chancellor of the Ex chequer must meet an expenditure cf £10,000,000 for old age pern-ions and an extra £4.000.000 for the navy. The ''Wallabies" played their third mat'jh in Ei-'glanid on Saturday, when tliov <l--fr«ted Cornwall by 18 points to 5. The Aa-tralia.nLca.giio footballers played the first n-atrih of the British tour on Sat urday, and defeated Rhondula (Wales) by 20 point-- to 6. Admiral Sperry's American battle-hip fleet hns arrived at Manila. In connection with the renewal of passive resistance as a protest against the Education Act of 1902, the property of six passive resistors (including two ministers) has been sold at Berwick to pay the Educa tion rate. Taptakover, the East Sydney swimmer, won the Southern Counties 220 yards championship in 2min. 47 1/5 .«ec. Colonel Fecly, M.P.. UndeirsS dietary for the Colonies, apeaking at Liverpool, said that if any <om.munity required cheap Asiatic labour, then the labourer- must have the rights of oiti- enrifrip. Owing to the crisis created in its affairs by the frauds of Allierti, the Danish Farmers' Association has decided to go into liquidation. Bulgaria is now actively purchasing army remounts. The Trust and Agency Company of Aus tralia has declared a dividend of 5 per cent. The London " Ma- il " states that the Eersonalty of the late Sir Henry Camp ell-Bannerman, British Prime Minister, who died in April la^t, is under £60.000. The gross estate of Mr. James Alex ander Campbell, elder brotlher of Sir Henry Campbell- Rannerman, who died shortly after Sir Henry, has been valued for probate at £210.929. The seventy-six Indians who were ar retted at Komatipoort, the Transvaal border station on the' Delagoa Bay Rail way, as prohibited immigrants, have been racih fined £25, with the alternative of two months' imprisonment. Information received from Egypt states that a European coae^hman and a native groom who were found to be suffering from plague, have been removed from the Khedive's Palace in Caiiro. A mnurkoble entente has been estab lished between Turkey and Greece, and there is some talk of an alliance between the two counbrics. A striking demonstra tion in connection with the entente h?.fl taken place in Constantinople. News from Persia states that a gang of bandit (horsemen outside Tabriz stole the Russian mails and robbed the Cbssack guard of their arms. LONDON, October 5. Through a breakdown at the electric power station, all the tube railways in London except one stopped running for several hours on Saturday afternoon, and weird scenes took place in the tunnels, but there was no panic. Colonel Seelv. Under Secretary for the Colonies, speaking at Liverpool, predicted the establishment of a great Council of the Empire to discuss the question of Asiatic immigration. Four thousand unemployed held a de monstration in Trafalgar Square, Jjondon, on Sunday, and one of the leaders, Stewart Gray, suggested that they should sit down in the Square until they were moved on, as a protest against the injus tices of society. A number of them did so, but at sunset the police scattered the crowd, and arrested seven, including Gray. Addressing a large meeting at Earlston, Mr. Asquith, the British Prime Minister, said the land question was only part of the wider and more complex social problem of how to mitigate the glaring anomalies of modern society while also stimulating and not stifling individual energy ani initiative. A conference or the International Asso ciation for Labour Legi- lation, now sitting at Lucerne, has advi*ed legislation for the suppression of sweating in connection with home work, and also suggested that the working of wages boards -hould be core fully watched. An accusation is made by the American Dtmoct-t- against certain well-known^ Re publicans, including relatives of Mr. Taft and President Roosevelt, of being inter ested in a syndicate whioh purchased the Panama Canal Company's stocks and bonds foT 2,500,000 dollars knowing that the United States Government would pur chase tiliem for 40,000,000 dollar-. ■Sensational developments have taken place in connection with the situation in the Balkans. Bulgaria has declared her independence of Turkey, Au-tria is an nexing the nominally Turkish provinces of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Russia virtually fays that since Austria and Thil_aria in tend to tear up provisions of the Treaty of Berlin which they find inconvenient Russia will also raia? questions, and ac cording to the Paris correspondent of the " Times," " the peace of Europe may hang in the balance to-morrow." The cruiser Gladiator, which was sunk through a collision with tho American liner St. Paul, and was re cently refloated, has now been towed to Portsmouth. The cholera outbreak in St. Peters burg is now steadily decreasing. President Roosevelt, addressing tho Tuberculosis Conference at Wash ington, said no gathering was • fraught with greater hope for the welfare of the world at large. • • ■ A monument erected at N oUsevil'.e, in Lorraine, near the fortre>.-< of Metz, to the • memory of French soldiers who were killed in the Franco-German war of IS7O, was unveiled yesterday in the presence of 65,000 spectators. Representatives of both the French and German Governments wero present, and delivei'e.d addresses. News from Venezuela states that Presi dent, (Amtro, after informing the Vene zuela Senate that he had refused to re ceive the second note from the Govern ment of the NetlherlaneU with regard to the recent expulsion of tlie Duteii Minister from Caracas, had two attacks of liemorr liage of tihe lungs, and wa? carried home in a helpless condition. It is expected that Holland will bloelc ade the Venezuelan ports of La Guyra and Maracaibo early in November. It is announced that Germany in tends to clothe her soldiers in war time in grey, discarding all bright uniforms and flashing accoutre ments. 