BREVITIES. Johnson has left London for Sydney to meet Burns. The colored pugilist is confident he can settle Burns in 12 rounds. The gravedlggere at St. Petersburg, where cholera is rife, are on strike. For forcing an elephant to descend a water chute at the Franco-British Exhibition. Hagen back's manager has been fined. The frauds of the Danish ex-Minister of Jus tice may ruin many small farmers. A Copenhagen newspaper says 52 dairies are liable for £5000 each. Many public bodies in Ireland have protested against the prohibition, of the street proces sion during tne Eucnansuc vjoogreas as an. in sult to Catholics. The postal authorities report favorably re garding tfie proposed jtrunk telephone line from Goulburn to Cooma, but state that it cannot be erected till funds are voted by Parliament. Residents of the Port Macquarie district pro pose to invite Sir' Joseph Carruthers to contest the Cowper seat at the next Federal election. The Melbourne Shipping Company has decided to withdraw the steamer Leeuwin from the South Coast trade A Saturday half-holiday league has been formed at Tamworth to secure legislation com pelling all shops to close on Saturday afternoon. The captain of the steamer Coomonderry has drawn attention to the unsatisfactory state of the breawkater at Moruya. It is described as a menace to navigation. Albert Warne was found dead In Mr. P. D. Murphy's store at Cooma, with a bullet-wound in his head, and a pea rifle by his side. Mr. Grigg's racing stable at Ashburton, N.Z., was destroyed by fire, and three race horses. Step-up, Restless, and Interpreter, were burned to death. Thieves entered the store of Mr. John M'ln tyre at Barrington, near Gloucester, while the proprietor was at church on Sunday, and carried off £20. Mosman Council has decided that the house garbage from the municipality shall in future be deposited on the eastern side of Balmoral Park, under the daily supervision of the sani tary inspector. The walmer Farmers and Settlers' Associa tion decided to protest against the proposal to reduce the mail services in the country dis tricts. A public meeting at Gloucester decided to es tablish a cottage hosptial. The Scottish fishing delegates have made a proposal to the Victorian Government regarding the importation of 250 fishermen, provided they axe granted certain concessions at SnAke Island. A laa named Joseph Saville, of Casino, while birdnesting fell from a tree and sustained con cussion of the brain. His condition is serious. The Water and Sewerage Board has decided to extend the water main in Almora-street and Superba Avenue, Mosman. , Mr. W. Newlands, one of the Scottish fishing delegates, says Australia is far richer than Scot land in the number of edible fish. *^** When Mr. Deakin proposed to reinstate the Iron Bonus Bill, in the House of Representa tives, Mr. Watson said a duty of 10 or 12% per cent, was preferable to a bonus. 'Immigration and defence are indispensable — absolutely indispensable — accompaniments of a White Australia policy.'— Mr. W. H. Irvine in the House of Representatives. Customs revenue received at Sydney yester day amounted to £18,957, which included stimu lants £3192, and apparel £4508. The financial statement is to be delivered in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly to morrow evening. The Treasury is overflowing, and the prospects for the comine vear hrirfu-. The New South Wales financial year closed on June 30 last with an accumulated surplus of £1,676,924, which included a balance brought forward from 1906-7 of £1,013,000; so that the operations proper .to the period resulted in a surplus of £664,924. The 28th annual convention of the Women's Temperance Union was opened on Tuesday at the Central Methodist Mission Hall, Newcastle. Senor Pablo Martin Meliton de Sarasate, the famous violinist, died at Biarritz on Monday, aged 64 years. Death, which occurred sud denly, was due to internal hemorrhage. The new master of the N.Y.K. liner Yawata Maru, Captain Sekeni, is a Japanese. Messrs. James Gardiner and Company, ship owners, of Glasgow, have ordered from Clyde shipbuilders three steamers, of 7000 tons, for service in the Eastern, Australian, and Ameri can trades. The death has occurred at Wauchope of Mr. Alfred Kelly, 87, an old resident of the Gosford district. At Burringbar, near Murwilltimbah, John Clarke was killed by a falling tree. The Premier will in the Legislative Assem bly move the expediency -of bringing in a Bill to make further provision for the -care, control, and treatment of inebriates. Camperdown Council has appointed Mr. Arthur M. Judd assistant sanitary inspector for the municipality. The 'Pall Mall Gazette' says it is expected that a special service squadron of modern Bri tish ships will visit Australia next year. A meeting of the Shopkeepers' Association -will be held in Vickery's Chambers, Pitt-street, city, to-morrow night, for the purpose of fur thering the Saturday half-holiday movement. The Union Company'* steamer Atua, from Sydney, arrived at Suva (Fiji) this morning. Mark Hamb-ourg is disappointed with the at tendances at his recitals in Sydney. The debate on the Iron Bonus Bill In the House of Representatives has been postponed till after the Capital Site Bill has been dealt with. A meeting will be held in Sydney on Friday of delegates from milk suppliers in the Camden and South Coast districts to consider the ques tion of prices. The debate on the Address-in-Reply In the House of Representatives was concluded on Tuesday evening, and the motion was carried. Harry Bauvel, 23, a tram conductor, fell off his car near Ocean-street early this morning, and sustained a fractured skull. He was ad mitted to St. Vincent's Hospital In an uncon scious condition. The yacht Bronzewing, which was purchased by the Federal Government several months ago, will be used by the Customs Department. She was built at the Isle of Wight in 1892, and is 23 tons net. Mr. Fallick has given notice to move, in the Legislative Assembly, that, owing to the In creasing demands from stockowners and other for trucks, and the inability of the Railway Department to supply same, this House is of the opinion that immediate steps should be taken by the Department to obtain a reserve supply of trucks. The Court at Singleton ordered the following hotels to be closed:— Prince of Wales* Hotel, Greta, and Post Office Hotel, Jerry's Plains,' eight years from January 1; 1906; Tradesman's Arms and Freemason's Arms, Singleton, and Sedgefield Hotel, Sedgefield. three years from 'Gazette' notification. After a prolonged struggle, the Legislature of the State of Georgia (U.S.) has virtually abol ished the system of leasing convicts. Three sharks caught at Thursday Island were found to contain portions of the limbs of Kong Choong Ting, a Chinese, who fell off the Jetty on Saturday night. Replying to a deputation of fruit-brokers, the New Zealand Minister for Agriculture refused to relax the import regulations on Australian fruit. The Mullah in Somaliland attacked tribes friendly to the British authority, killing many women and children. A British force defeated the Mullah with heavy loss. ? Prepare for the Holidays.— Ladies' Trimmed Hats, 10s 6d; Girls' Silk, 4s lid; Wilson's Cheapside, Devonshire-st. — 0. Fruit Direct, Hall Bros., Thornleigh. Tel. 26. Wah. Sweet Oranges, 5s %-case, del. city or subs. — 0. Do you know that ten pounds will buy you four -illion impressions of e ae-inch single column advertisement In the 'EVENING vczws.'—qm ? . ? » ? . ? ^_ 