L^R, SWY .QUESTION, DEPnTATIOM - TO THE. FRfiM-ffifl-. 'A PROMISE OF GOOD THINGS.' (By Telegraph.) BRISBANE. April 7. An important statement was made by the Premier to a deputation represent ing the primary industries of the State which waited' upon him to-day for the purpose of pointing out to him the proa poet of an unprecedented deficiency in the supply of suitable labor, and urging the adoption of such steps as would se cure the introduction to Queensland of sufficient labor to meet the demands of :se agricultural and dairying Indus tries. Lieut.-Colonel Rankin said the depu tation, with the object of placing their views before the Premier, had drawn up the following minute .— In view of the prospect of an unpre cedented deficiency in the supply of suitable labor wiiicit threatens the primary Industries generally, and recognising that upon the success of these industries de pends the welfare and prosperity of the State, tills deputation would respectfully impress upon your Government the urgent necessity for immediately taking such steps as will secure the introduction to Queensland of sufficient suitable labor at the earliest possible mo ment to meet the pressing require ments of the agricultural and dairying industries. In order to do this, we would respectfully submit (1) That these laborers be carefully selected from, preferably, the United Kingdom and North nt Europe by thoroughly compe tent agents, who, from their own observation and experience, know the requirements of these industries in this State; t2) That these laborers be brought out and landed as required at different ports of Queensland free of charge, and be at lib erty to make their own engage ments; (3) That this immigration be so regulated as to meet the require ments of the primary industries generally, taking every care tn avoid increasing the ranks of the unemuloyed. Last year, said Lieut.-Colonel Han kin. they had amplp illustrations of cases where the supply of labor was anything but equal to t'.ie demanO, The new batch of railways would give em ployment to a very large number of men, but where were they going to get them. It seemed likely the employ ment of so many men would seriously injure the primary Industries. The competition for labor would certainly become very keen. Speaking as a sugar planter, he assured the Prenieir that they had no idea of flooding the market so as to make cheap labor available. That was not their object. We were supposed to be going ahead, said Lieut.-Colont! Hankin, but the vital statistics of Queensland showed a state of affairs which was almost ap palling. They did not want the men to be chosen in a haphazard fashion, even by the Agent-General. It would be more to their interest to send some men as agents from here— men who would be acquainted with tlie condi tions, and would be less likely to make a mistake in iheir selection of suitable men. Nobody who claimed to be a statesman could lielp feeling concerned at the position which would lie ahead of them if things were allowed to go on as they had for some considerable time. He urged upon the Premier to give full I'ffect to his policy of last year. If he had the courage to give effect to that, and to display a desire to Improve the destinies of this country, he would earn the goodwill of everybody in it, but without a complete forward policy of that kind this country was going to Ijeconn! a laggard in the forward race In which they should ensage. If the 'lovernment intended to push forward ?ith new railways their construction would absorb a emat lot of labor and , the employment of a large number of men on railway works would assuredly lessen the supply available for the primary industries. Mr Paget said there was a very great scarcity of labor throughout the whole State. Mr Kidston : What about your own district? Mr Paget said that where there was a prospect of an insufficient supply of labor the acreage cultivated was re duced and the State suffered. The sugar industry was saved last season by the action of producers In indenting about 600 laborers. These men were now scattered over the State. Mr Kidston : Is it not possible to keep these men from going south by giving them small areas of land at reasonable prices? The sugar industry cannot be satisfactorily located. Mr Paget said the men brought out under the Government scheme did not prove satisfactory. Mr Swayne said there was a threat ened scarcity of labor In the Mackay district. Mr Kidston interjected that his in formation showed that there had not been any scarcity in that district. Messrs . Grayson, Armstrong, and Redwood briefly supported the argu ments used. Mr Kidston, In reply, said that Lieut.-Colonel Rankin and Mr Campbell had made out a very strong case. It was eminently desirable that we should ail up this great empty territory, but he had not the time to deal with the matter at length. They had considered the desirableness of filling the State, but they had also to consider the mat ter from the position of both employers and employees. He had not tried to find out what the position was in f regard to the sugar Indus try. If farmers and sugar mills had any difficulty In finding men this season ft was entirely their own fault. Men who could get employees landed here for £6, had no reason to cry out. Mr Armstrong : There Is no guaran tee as to the quality of the men before they arrive. Mr Ktdston said they would be very much more likely to be unreliable if the system were made a free one. He was not going to start an indiscrimin ate system of Immigration, which would simply flood Queensland with undesirables from the old country. He would tell them something further—one of his chief purposes in going to the old country at the present time was to advertise Queensland primarily— (hear, hears)— and to set about it in a sys tematic way, and to Bpend money on It, and have It done as it ought to be done. ;5SWVftear,) -, It was like all other Kin$t«f- a,dv*rtiising. 'This is a mat ter on which I would rather spend iWlooo^fian epend «. If It is not worth doing well it is not worth doing at all. I want also to reorganise not only the Agency-General in London, but to get better and more central premises, and work it more- on business lines by adopting more suitable and modern re quirements, J want to break It up Into a number 'of agencies in different cen tres, and .to advertise Queensland all over Kngland. Scotland, and Ireland.' Mr Keogh : Don't forget Germany. Mr Kidston : We will go to Germany later, and try and also get Danish aiid Swedish immigrants. They arc just as good as our own people, perhaps In some respects better; but it Is as well to go amongst our own people at first. There Is a system of advertising Queensland which will cost a good deal of money, and wlileh will inaugurate a steady stream of immigration to Queensland. If Queensland were In a proper condition In relation to tlie old country we should have 20,000 families per year instead of the practical stop page that has taken place. But we are down in the estimation of the old coun try, and have been down for years, and it needs a very great effort to lift us back into such prominence as Canada. Mr Redwood : Canada's is the sys tem. Mr Kidston : That is exactly what wo want to adopt. I am primarily want Ing farming immigrants, not only la borers, but farmers, men who have small capital, or large capital, for that matter. That will involve the Immi gration of a larpre number of farm la bourers, and artisans will follow later on. We want an agricultural class first. One of my purposes in going home is to inaugurate this system. We can, with success, if \« go about it In a right way. 1 have been asked to have some kind of a jubilee exhibition In Brisbane next year. I was very much taken up with the notion until I went to New Zealand and :-nv what it cost. I can do much more good by spending £40,000 to £00,000 In advertis ing Queensland in the way I propose. We ought to celebrate the jubilw in Queensland next year, but so far as the Government is concerned it will be at a small cost. If the public men of Queensland are wise at the present time they will boom Queensland in Kurope to such an extent as has never happened before. Let the world know what it is. With regard to the sugar industry, it is now in an uncertain con dition. The industry might be practi cally ruined by the Federal Govern ment, and nothing that the State can do will affect it more than a scarcity of labor, which prevents sugar- growers from planting. I am g-oing to lako the question of advertising Queensland in hand, and I am quite suro that my re arrangement will enormously increase the number of Immigrants from the old country. I propose to do everything that is wanted, and 1 aslt you to be lieve me when I say that 1 feel seized of the sreat importance of this matter. I will do my very best to inaugurate a sufficient stream of emigration from the old country to Queensland. Mr Barnes : Will that take place oarly. If so, the farmers will increase their areas of wheat on the Downs. Mr Kldslon : When I say these things I mran them. The deputation iben thanked the Premier and withdrew. 