Twinklings. Silver, 1/11 13-16 per 02. American fleet at Auckland.. Lead, £13 10/ to £13 15/ per ton. Sydney " Watchman's" leg badly pulled. 1 King and Kaiser met at Kronberg 011 Holiday. . Australian pianos bought for an Eng lish hotel. Governor welcomed at Port Pirie on Wednesday. State Ministers have been on a visit to the North. Great reception to American armada in Auckland. Chinese prohibited immigrants caught at Fremantle. Harry Thaw petitioning to be de clared insolvent. New school church opened at Pros pect on Sunday last. Premier Price is going to Sydney to see the American fleet. Count Zeppelin'is famous airship de stroyed by a thunderstorm. It" is feared that a pestilence will fol low the Canadian bush fires. Burghlev Hall, a historic place in England, destroyed by fire. Farewell to Father Gurry at West terrace on Tuesday evening next. ' General Booth has started, at the age of 79, on a tour in South Africa. Several anarchists sentenced in con nection wrth the troubles in India. Copper, £61 5/ to £61 10/ per ton on spot; £62 to £62 5/ at three months. Five subalterns in a British regiment severely dealt with for "ragging." An alarming earthquake, lasting six hours, has been experienced in Algeria. Anti-Motorist League formed in Eng land, to check reckless motor driving. The Governor has been visiting the Peninsula, and has had a busy time there. The Victorian Premier wants another conference 011 the Murray waters ques tion . The American sailors had a day of sight-seeing in Auckland 011 Wednes day. G.B.C. Pasts beat the Presents in the football match on Wednesday after noon . Tin, £137 17/6 to £138 7/6 per ton on spot; £138 12/6 to £139 2/6 at three months. All restrictions on importation of sugar to England after September 1 re moved. Mi*: Kidston has secured new offices for the Queensland Agent-General in London. • Lord Wimborne's house, in, Surrey, England, robbed of art treasures worth £2,000. The Rev. 11. P. Denny leaves for a holiday trip to the Eastern States oij Monday next. There will be a euchre party and dance at the Adelaide Catholic Club rooms to- llight. The King has left for the Continent, where he will meet the Austrian and German Emperors. The Presbyterian Church in Mel bourne has become alarmed at golf playing on Sunday. Cable messages report that Mr. Joseph Chamberlain is on the high road to recovery after a long illness. Affairs in Turkey are quiet since the promulgation of the new Constitution. A reform Cabinet has been formed. John Darling thinks the Wheat Com mission in Sydney was " bluffed." John seems to be trying a bit of bluff him self. The " Times " says the British people rather envy Australians the first oppor tunity of welcoming the American fleet. The Parliamentary reporters' strike in West Australia continues, and Par liament is unreported, except in "Han sard." . , It is understood that the P. & 0. Company will make use of the Outer Harbor by the vessels of the line from October 1. A Royal Commission is to examine the ancient monuments and construc tions of Wales, and specify those wor thy of preservation. The Hon. L. O'Loughlin and Mr. Miller were very severe on the Hon. John Warren for his attack on the me mory of Mr. Kingston. Mr. John Darling and the Wheat Commission had good exercise in trying to dodge each other in the game of cross-questioniiig on Monday. A tremendous cloud-burst ovbr the Hungarian town of Szegedin caused the destruction of a large factors', and buried 100 workmen in tbe rums, A destructive fire in a German town of the Danube circle, 30 miles east or Freiburg, has rendered 2,000, people k°Thee<ieatb roll in connection with the forest fires in Canada is less than ex pected. Two of the threatened .towns V TheSMile-End Guardians, found guilty of corruption in London, have been severely punished by fine and imprison The North Sea fleet was reviewed by. the King at Portland after the conclu sion of the naval manoeuvres on Friday 13 How will the Orangemen regard the Archbishop of Canterbury posing as an Anglican Pope, and issuing an Ency clic&l; ^ British jurors at Franco-British Ex hibition consider that Australian wine growers have made great strides, espe cially in' the production of white wines. Chinese stowaways discovered on a German steamer in Sydney, in a de plorable condition, and covered witii S°Tlie famous Cullinan diamond, pre sented to the King by the Transvaal, has been cut -in halves, one stone being placed in His Majesty's crown, and the other in his sceptre. News comes of a disaster to the Danish expedition exploring Greenland. The leader and two companions were driven out to sea on an ice floe, and all perished. . Paris was left for two hours m dark ness -one hight last week through cut ting otf the electric light. It is believ ed to have been an act of revenge by the Confederation of Labor. Beaurepaire, of Victoria, won the quarter-mile champion ship at /Weston super- Mare, in England, beating -Tay lor's time record. . . The Anglicans have been further imi tating Catholics by issuing a so-called Encyclical in connection with the Lam beth Conference. It is a wonder they did not style it a Council. Premier Price, at a welcome home at Norwood on Wednesday evening,, said this was the most dangerous session of anv, as they were clearing up for the general election. The Early Closing Bill would cause a fight. * The Commercial Agent in London telegraphed at 5 p.m. on August 11 to the Government: — "V heat market quiet, firm; no quotation. Liverpool, 38/3 will buy cargo afloat; quiet. The Rev. Father Dolieny, who is tak ing charge of the Maitland parish, was entertained at a valedictory social, and presented with a purse of sovereigns, at Mount Gambier on Monday evening. A report, which came to hand just as we were going to press, will appear next ^ Mr. E. Klauer, hou. secretary of the Unimproved Land Values Rating League of South Australia, writes to thank " The Southern Cross for in serting the report of Representative Glvnn's speech at the meeting of the Unimproved Land V alues Rating League. . ,, , Further cable messages .report that the great forest fires in British Colum bia were even more destructive than at first supposed. Great distress exists among tnose rendered workless and homeless, and public subscriptions nre beiiig raised iu Cadaiia and the United ^ Fatlier Dennv has been appointed bv his Grace the Archbishop spiritual di rector of the recently initiated Federa tion of Catholic Societies. The ap pointment should prove a very popular one. as Father Denny has long, been connected with the oldest society in the Federation, St. Patrick's. An " Advertiser " correspondent, re plying to Father 0 jVlalley, S.J., on " Church and Stkte in France, resur rects the old exploded tale about the sweating by Good Shepherd Nuns. It is curious how editors allow correspon dents to continually revive the dead and buried corpses of anti-Catholic slanders. They seem to have very short memories in such matters. Cardinal Moran, in opening the new Presbvterv at North Botany on Sunday, said the homing of the Amerjcan fleet should teach them the comparative in significance of the home fleet that pre tended to guard these shores. The n-reat lesson was that they needed a fleet of thfeir own. An Australian fleet alone could defend the shores of Aus tralia. 