i SUMMARY. It' is stated tliat the petition to tho King protesting against the proposed pro cession of the blessed sacrament is being considered by His Majesty. (Page (1.) Tlie "Times" deprecates the mistake committed by. tho promoters of the pro cession of the blessed sacrament. (Pago 6.) Several speakers at tho Trade Union Congress warned the British Government that there was danger of violence on the part of the unemployed during the coming winter. (Page 0.) The Trndc Union Congress has passed a resolution demanding drastic legislation dealing with the unemployed question. (Page 6.) The Trade Union Congress has passed a resolution demanding larger grants for public works, wit.li tho idea of giving work to the unemployed. (Page 6.) The Trades Union Congress lias rejected a proposal in favour of arbitration in trade disputes. (Page 6.) The joint conference in regard to the Lancashire cotton dispute failed to arrive at a settlement, and another conference is being arranged. (Page 0.) The new battleship St. Vincent has been launched. (Page 6.) The battleship Minas Gcraes, built for Brazil, has been launched, (Page 6.) Ernest ilarrv and George Towns havo made the filial deposit for the race for the English sculling championship. (Page 6.) The "Westminster Gazette" says the success of the while Australia policy de pends upon whether sufficient numbers oi immigrants can lie attracted to justify the exclusion of non-whites. (Pago 6.) The "Westminster Gazette." says that tho South Australian redemption loan looks reasonably cheap as a lock-up in vestment. (Pago 0.) Frank Woolton, the Australian jockey, rode four winners at the Doncaster races. (Page 0.) . The "Times" suggests that, the cruiser squadron which is visiting Cape Colony should proceed to Australia. (Page G.) ' Alashar Dutt, a Bengali, has heed sen tenced to death for the murder of Gos- sain, who was shot in a gaol hospital. (Pago 6.) „ The Light Wine Licenses Bill in Cape Colony, Injs passed the second reading. (Page 6.) It, is reported that 1,031 immigrants have been refused admission into Can ada. (Page 6.) .... Devastating forest fires and blazing in Canada. (Pagu 0.) President Roosevelt, in bis campaign against trade corporation, lias met with a' sharp reverse at the hands of the Fed eral Circuit Court ot Pennsylvania. (Page 6.) The German military manoeuvres bale been closed. (Page IL) The Germans are building war balloon stations on the western frontier. (Pago o.) At the. conclusion of the German mili- tai'v manoeuvres. Hie Emperor William directed a spectacular ballet, jhe dresses in whicli lie bail himself designed. (Pace (i.i it is stated that the defalcations of M. Aiberti (Danish Minister of Justice), who was arrested on his own confession, amount to £1,000,000. (Page G.v Count. Tolstoy's eightieth birthday was celebrated ou Thursday. (Page I).) Cholera is raging in St. Petersburg. (Pa"e 6.) , . „ The Marquis Katsura, Acting of Julian, states that Japan's policy of economy would place the wotld s hopo ot peace upon a surer foundation. (Page 6.) The champagne vineyards in France have been devastated bv mildew. (Page li.) The casualties suffered by the Berber tribesmen in a recent battle with the Frencli, are said to total 2,000, (Page «) .Silvio Ricci, who was believed' to he tin- author of tlie attempt on tlie life of the Sultan of Turkey, has now been released. (Page 0.) The. immunity extended to Panitza, the Macedonian murderer, is causing anxiety to the friends of Turkev. (Page «.) At the German military manoeuvres, the Emperor William commanded alter nately the reds' and the blues, ami "bis side always won." (Page U-V A -miniature rifle range was opened at tho Valley boys' State school yesterday. (Page 3.) ,. . . Tlie Fraekelton case was continued in the Supreme Court yesterday. (Pago 5.) The display made by John Hicks Limi ted. at the recent Brisbane show, has brought inquiries from all parts of the State, and tho factory has now in hand orders for supplying furniture similar to that which was so much admired by the thousands who visited the Exhibition. Our readers should order now, from John Hicks Limited. Georgo street. Estab lished over 40 years. 