AUSTRALIA. IN ENGLAND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AGE. Sir, — Will you permit me, as a recent visitor to England, to endeavor to place before your readers some idea of the man ner, in which Australian affairs have been, and are, handled in England by our sup posed representatives. At the oiitset 1 may state that I am not a native born Australian, but a Scotchman, born at Aberdeen, but as I have lived in Australia for tlie past 37 years, I may claim to be as much Australian — in ideas and as pirations at least — as most Australians, but 1 have been both surprised and shamed at beholding iiow tilings Australian are de cried and looked down upon in almost every city in England. Most Australians arc under the impression that tlie oliiees of the Agents-General are places for the dis semination of information respecting Aus tralian affairs. But from my own peisonul experiences I found the Agents-General were, as a rule, more inaccessible than the Kingpf England or the Prime Minister. In the Victorian office I found only one per son, a lad, who was of Australian birth, the other officials being Britishers, who con fessedly knew practically nothing of Aus tralia, and cured less. The natural result of tills is that the average Britisher knows absolutely nothing of Australia, except what they read in tlie press, which,, for tlie most part, is bitterly hostile to Australia, never losing an opportunity of publishing anything derogatory to Australia, while they carefully suppress anything favor able. For the mast part Englishmen may be divided into two classes, the r"'h and the poor, and from personal acquaintance with both 1 found among the rich a bitter vin dictive spirit towards Australia, her laws, her government, &c.;, while among the poor the amount of ignorance prevalent is almost incredible. Here are a few examples, illus trative of these statements, which came under my own notice. At dinner in a large London hotel tlie conversation turned to wards the Canadian showing at the exhibi tion, then just opened. A well clad gentle man coinpnred the Canadian with the Aus tralian court, much to the hitter's dis advantage-; iii fact, liis hostility to Aus tralian affairs was both loud and deep. On my inquiring what knowledge lie possessed of Australia, he evaded tlie question by the remark— -"Oil, Australia is going back rapid ly. Look at their bank smashes. Wish I had tlie money now that I lost in their banks." On inquiring what particular bank he had lost uny money in, he could not tell me the name of any bank in Aus tralia ! Comment is needless. Yet this is the spirit I found prevailing in most of the clubs and hotels in London. At a Liverpool hotel I happened one day on two young Yorkshiremen who were on their way to make a start in Canada. After some conversation, I ventured to point out the advantages offering in Australia. They listened respectfully and attentively, and when 1 had finished, though they seemed impressed,' Shook their heads and re marked: — "Can't be much of a place — ye never hears now't about it." On the 6teamcr returning to Australia a week ago 1 met several persons who had provided themselves with several suits of clothes, boots, &c.;, under the impression thut these commodities could not be ob tained in Australia, and iD London I was asked by a lady , if we did not "have some trouble in making ourselves understood by the natives." Australia is supposed to have a large trade in butter and frozen mutton, but as far as 1 -could see, one could not at any place buy a pound of Australian mut ton or butter, but- one sees on all Hides prune Danish, butter" and "Canterbury lamb. ' Speaking one day to u Glasgow grocer, I asked why he did not sell Aus tralian butter, and his excuse was that the cask of Australian butter was no good. (Australian butter, bv the way, is put up in boxes, never in casks.) These are a few examples showing how our affairs are be ing advertised" in England. The money voted for the purpose of selling our goods and attracting immigrants is just wasted— shumefully wasted, and, ah far as I could see, not a ha porth of energy is being ex erted to push Australian trade. The whole scheme, of agents-generalism needs re modelling and revising. It is, I think, on a wholly wrong basis. lhe Shepherd s Bush Exhibition was an example in exeelsis of how affairs are run Hie Australian court was allotted a good position at the end of the Court of Nations, directly opposite the main exhibition cn- trance, but, for some obscure reason, one ot the London papers, with no love for Australia, was allowed to erect a court fTKd ,,tlle AustrXn court v Inch, in /act, could not be found JivfiiH-V' " lnrluu'.V-' My first visit to this exhibition was on 25th June last but on the door- -i t '.e Aus,tralia1n court found on the ttooic, a large placard announcing that evening At"?"0' -'tu ?pe'!i UI! 7-30 « the evening. At 7,30, with hundreds of others g5L2s£ that rL, i ' damn well like." And inLon- Mi mmm at public expense to this c at'Ssfs result that Canada is in full enjoyment of an immigration influx almost unprecedented f Apart from the Iacl- of sensible methods by Australians, what, it mav be 4„c' Js,tllc for the hostile attitude adopted towards Australia by the press and upper" Classes in England? A little re flection lias convinced me that at the back of most of it is a sullen hatred of Australia because she lias adopted protection, and has dared to enact laws for 'her own 'gSnce . rod protection. mute regardless of the aver age Britisher s ideas on the subject. Brought "p ""d ed"cal;ed ?n, free-trade fallacies" fie cannot understand how anyone can adont any other fiscal policy. Neither eon K understand the fervent gospel of a "white Australia" nor, as a corollary, our virtual non-acceptance of the Japanese alliance our humanitarian legislation, protecting to some extent the worker; nor our desire fm a locally owned navy These things infuriate the aristocratic and pseudo-aristocratic por tion of the British public, and all fair phic- 1 nK .„,Vr posltl" <>"ly results in the bitter gibe. Why, you depend on us; only for our navy you would not exist!" In setting forth the above, I have only been animated by a desire to place fairly before vour read ers, quite apart from any political feelin- some idea of the way we stand in Britain to- ttay, and of how our money is being vir tually squandered by official maladministra- tion. Trusting my observations may be in strumental m having the various matters in relation to the advertising of Australia rectified.— Yours, &c;„ W. ROBB North Carlton, 30th September.- 