. THE TURR , Messrs. E. T. and N. H, Gibbs's King Bee started a hot favorite in the Roschill Handicap on Saturday, bin only ran third. The winner was hxsul, with Gaby second. Says the Telegraph: — King Bee, a three-year- old brother of War Bee, was going well enough all through to flatter his party, and he wound up a close third, finishing in a manner that seenied to suggest a further jomney would iiot be beyond him. As King Bee lias Villicrs Stakes, ancl Summer and Tattersall's Cups among his engage ments he may repay those who follow him. At any rate, he onght not to be condemned yet because of his Rosehill defeat. King Bee has been allotted 7st 71b in the Holiday Handicap to be mil at the A.J.C. races on Satnrday'next, while War Bee heads the list in the Highweight Handicap with 11st 41b. Efforts to extinguish the.flahies in the oil bore at Roma, Queenslabds, have at, last proved successful. While fishing with dynamite in a boat near Carnarvon,- W.A., two fishermen had their- hands shattered by ail explosion. Both had the right arm araputatcd-below the elbow. The Minister for Home Affairs says he does not think it possible to arrange a visit of Federal members to tlie _ Capital site at Yasr-Cauberra during the recess. An improved armoured cruiser of the Invincible type, to steam 28 knots, is to be commenced at Devon- port early in 1909. The new vessel, when completed, will be the longest and largest ever built. Drugs that boar tho namo of Camfiiei.l can be relied on for purity tiud strength. Oampboll, Chomist, Qneanboynn. An affray occurred in Kansas City, U.S.A., between the police and some street _ evangelists.. One policeman was killed, two were fatally wounded, and two others seriously; wounded. The leader of the evangelists was mortally wounded, and a girl follower was killed. . . ' The work of the Federal sessiou ; was brought to a. close on Friday. 1 The recess will last until May. The Immigration Restriction Amendment Bill was passed through alb its stages without amendment in the Senate. The Prime Minister states that any savingsarising from increased revenue will be devoted largely to the postal service. The reserved decision was given in the case of Davics v Fairlahd,, in which defendant was proceeded against for entering a railway carri age by the window. The magistrate decided against the defendsnt, and imposed a fule of 10s. Notice of appeal was given. Sl'eotacles to s.uit all slants. There s,somotbiug wraug wboii yuur oyes complain of overwork. If you con's reo things plainly, soa us about it. ; Cumpboll, Chomist, Quoanboynn. Mn Benjamin James, organisor of the Liberal and Reform League, died suddenly in his office in Castlerengh- street on Friday morning. \- A Danish paper states that war was very near during the Casablanca incident. On the' night of November 5 two German cruisers, with lights coveted, entered the Sound and awaited wireless orders to seize Copen hagen forts. These orders were to be sent if the Anglo- German crisis assumed u warlike aspect. Terrific weather prevails in the English Chanucl and the Bay of Bis cay. A steamer foundered during a storm in the Black Sea, many lives being lost. A ubmedy far ovory ill. Yuu stato your ailment and wo'li provido tho euros. Oanip-. boll, Chemist, 'Queauboyan. 