A FORWARD MOVEMENT. THE IMMIGRATION QUESTION. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE PREMIER. URGE SUM TO BE SPENT ON ADVEBTIS1NG. AGENT-GENERAL'S OFFICE TO BE REORGANISED. AN INFLUENTIAL DEPUTATION. An import int stitement was made }es terdii h} th Premier to a deputation reprc »nting the punían industries of the State u'nch wilted upon hull for tlie pur poc of romting out to him the piospect of an unprecedented dofic enc} in the "up plj of suitable labour, and urging the adoption of such «tens as would secure the intiediiction to Queensland of suffi rient laboui to meet the demands of the agricultural and dairimg industries The deputation collated of Messrs G II Pritchard (-eeretarv) and W A Cribb (tlie Australian Sugar Pioducer»' Associa don), I îeuttnant Colonel Rankin, and Are«»! i. L Petite, J D Campbell, Herlcit'on, White D Keogh, Walker, G I' Lime , Hainan, Robeits, Redwood, Gra son, Paget, Mi a} ne, Ptodart, Appel, anl iiiiistioni, AIAI L V Lieutenant Colonel Rankin said the de pu mon eansisted of representatives of the fuming dlining, and sugar growing m ciu is of the -state, and thev wished to lmpu's upon the Premici the nocessitj of tiouding tint hbour which was neees «in to those mteiests With the object of plient thin views before the Premier in a conci etc lei ni thev had diawn up th follow in«, minute - In Mew of the îro'ucct of the unpieeedented dehcienej in l io «niipli of suitable labour, which 'linlcn tue piimaiv industiies geneialh ond îeeofciii ng that upon the success of tk c indu me dip nds the welfne and mo pel iii c> the ''tate, this deputation mull uspietiullv linpiess upon lour Go lennie it th> uigent necessitv for lmmt thitelv til mc «nch steos as will secure tlie intioducuon to Queensland, at the cull st po ble moment, of sufficient suit abl 1 horn to meet the pressing lequne n»nls oi Ile iRiicultuial and danv,intf in duli" In older to do this we would icietfull' submit -(1) That these lit! outers he cn lull} selected ftom, pie let Iii the tinted Kingdom and the rorth o: 1 ttrope bv thoroiwrhH compelont niait ii ho horn their own observation anl cx'tiicnce 1 non the lequiremcnts of tlie industiies in this State (2) That the c lib mers be brought out and landed a reninred it the difîeient ports of I icen land fiee o* chnige, nnd be at hbntv to ni"! o their own cngngemen « ()) Tint this imiiiigntiou be so legu Metí is fo meet the îequirements of the primar} industries genera!!}, taking eioiv ino to al old increasing the ranks of the tmenipljjid Continuing Lieutenant Colonel Rankin md i nujit be aigued that during last i- a on the supplv ot hbour vi is equal to ile lUmund He admitted that ni manv m linee, tint via« so But the} hld in pie lllustiii on-i of cases where the sup pit ins anithing but equal to the demand put whatever hot season might nave been eoidtohs «ck likelv to alter veri much To he,in iiitli the Government had brought dom a uiy lai(.e batch of lailvvais, wh ch would gue emploi ment to a veiv large number ot men Bul where woie the\ going to get them ' It seemed like!} tint the emplonnent of so nnuv men on ne rainais uoul 1 Fenousl} miine the pinini} in lu tries lv-pien-eould male 8-, Us, oi 10 a dav woil ng on a íaüviav line it was not to he expected that thev would We 1» i aniculliiuí oi dan vin,; puisuits oi on a KU»ar field foi low ei wage« The com petition for hlioui would ceitainl} become, len leen Spuktng as a sugai planter ft" * metí the Viomjei that the} hld no >&i; ri Hooding the market to as to make eli p hbour ii niable That was not then obj e md ,ií i minimum late of vii", las fixai lu the ledenl Govern meit i would be impo «ible "or them to g de ipi hboui b} this means Retu nnr to the Premiei s own propi als, issued n Octob i list he =nd he doubted vei} in ali w bethel ihei could be effectuer} earned out Vs fal is thev could see, nicn vin let} chin ibout indenting laboui non the old cottntii On the bioan pi n cipl it ino not quite a fair thing that min should hale to indent labourers at £5 peí bead v lien it was eoasidered that Liter twelie n ontha these men became nbsoibcd among t the general population of the ''titi Ii was not fur tint one singh ela s should have to pay for these nun that »1,1 Haw in the present t} = teni Ano her in satihfactor} state ot alniio might ilso be pointed out It was a len surple thing to ask them to pav down ia to indent a man, but thev nad no gua antee ti at that man would prove suitable for the noik If he proved to bo un uitible the emploi er not onl} lost his io but he had to pay the mau for the whole twelve month«, even it le was not worth his salt "»s to the need for more people they wire all ot one opinion and the question did not rcquue aiguing at all That was clearh exemplified bv AU Kidston him s If m his speech on Uta Lund Bill That »pencil was tthe vci} strongest aigumcnt lliat the} could bring forth We were sipposed to be going alliead, but the vial statistics of Queensland «hovwd a state of affo.iis which was almost appal m¿ During the last ten }eara the mun 1er if births exceeded tho number of deatH» bv 81000 wher«R our population lad increased b} oidv 50 413 We were no eien muling tune, or keeping up to the natural increase It liad to be ¡?.gretfull} admitted that we were going backwards All these tilings were very «trong aiguments in favour of a more J igorous immigration polio} than Queens »nd had had for man} a long da} The} did not ui*h tthe Premier ito get a wrong impies ion and he lepeated that, to were distinct".} opposed to flooding the labour market Thej were merely dctrous of seeming a sufficient «Uppl} of labour to meet the requirements of «he inman mditstwes A ver} wise sugges non was embodied id theiT minute in regird to the selection of suitable mimi grantB bv thoroughly competent agents inev did not vnnt the men to ba chosen in a liaplnzird fashion even bv the agent Genenl It would be more to their interest to send home as agents from aere men who would be acquainted with ni conditions and would be less like!*» to make a mistake m their selection of suitable men He hoped that the Premier «ould carcfiilli con-ider their pioposals, ' cpcciall} in view of his coming visit to the United Kingdom Mr Campbell regretted that they had not more time to ventilate this im Portint question and pointed out that the House would meet an half an hour. ?Inej would theiefore bo obliged to cur 'al their îemark» This was unfortun ate because at present the immigration question i-ranscondcd all dthera when it «a looked at from an. industrial stand point Xobod} who claimled to be a statesman could help feeJmg concerned « the position which would he ahead of them if things were allowed to go on as «ki hid foT some considerable time He i-rgod upon the Premier to give full .fleet to lus polio} of la.rt j ear it lie had tlhe. couiage to gue «T«t to that, and disputed * dene to improve the destinies' of this countn he would earn Hie good will of Ç'ervbodv m it But without a bold for aid polic> of that lund this country «as going to become a laggaid in the otu Aid lace m which the} should en .¡'S? i10 '-.oAcrnment had tabled about <-m lailwavs and she understood, more «ere to follow It the} intended to push Joro ard with these and with those windi tad aheadv been passed, then their con «ruction would absorb a great lot of aooui flus would be admitted when SJ¡."a \e,nen;Hred that during the last I,: Ia Mr J^ton said that he would nl>5 l,i °n aeble, l? lal-e "P <. ..* of *»" pitts labour had the rulvinvs been passed ile employment of laige numbei» oi men nn ra,lwa} «oiks would assurcdlv lessen the Hipplj avuhble for the priman in a ni, ;ortl'B«'*I|>-witn linn he knew ot mu at » woiks being parahsed bv the mgnt of me men to the railway woiks If the railways Avere to be pushed on, where Aven» the men to come from ? If they were to be taken from the primai y industries it ivould be a serious blow to them. The trouble in regard to insufh cient labour already existed, and unless "more people were imported it would be- come accentuated. He did not believe in the policy of a certain party that every immigrant should have a job provided for lum. If that policy weie pursued the country would be humbugged, and would never get ahead. In the eighties there were not the same opportunities nor the same facilities for finding openings as obtain to-day ; then immigrants had to' find their own positions, and yet the country went ahead splendidly. As the Premier was going home, it would be a fitting opportunity for him to get into touch wirti tlie classes most, suitable for immigrant., and he trusted that .he would make an effort to do so. '¿Mr. Paget said there was a very great scarcity of labour throughout the whole State. ¿Mr. Kidston : What about your own district ? Mr. Paget said that where there was a prospect of an ineflicicnt supply of labour the acreage cultivated was reduced, and the State suffered. The sugar industry was saved last season by the action of .the producers in indenting . about 600 labourers. Those men were now scattered over the State. .Mr. Kidston : ¿Is it not possible to keep these men from going South hy giving them small areas of land at a reasonable price ? ¿Mr. Paget said an effort had been made to do this, but it was difficult to accomplish, for the men were of a roving disposition. . .Mr. Kidston : The sugar industry can- not be satisfactorily worked by casual labour. ¿Mr. Paget said the men brought out under the Government's scheme had not proved satisfactory. He instanced the case of one indented "agricultural" labourer who had been "brought up at Poplar, and said what «was wanted was an agricultural class of immigrants. The Pre- mier's scheme had not proved a success, and this .was ¿bown by the fact that a large number of those ibrought out last year were not now in the employ of those men who had paid for their introduction. (Mr. Swayne said there was a threatened scarcity of labour in the ¿Mackay district. ¿Mr. Kidston interjected that his infor- mation showed that there liad not been any scarcity in the district. ¿Sir. Swayne said that in the absence of sufficient labour the acreage under sugar had been decreased. He read several letters from sugar planters expressing dis- satisfaction with the state of the prospects of the labour market. .Messrs. Grayson, Armstrong, and.Red Avood 'briefly supported the arguments nd duced, and"the latter apologised for the absence of Mr. ¿Mackintosh. ¿Mr. Kidston said that Lieutenant Colonel Rankin had made «ut a -very strong «¡fie. as had aiio Mr. Campbell and the other speakers. He wanted them to understand .that he Ava6 not in any sen.3 careless or indifferent on this mat- ter. It wus eminently desirable that Ave should fill up this great empty tcnitoiT, but he had not time to deal ivith tilie matter at length. They ¡hid to consider the desirablene--,' of filling the State, but Uley had also to consider the matter from the position of both tlie employers and employees. He ,had .been tryiir. to find out what the position Avas in regard to the sinmr indtisti-y- If farmers and sugar milla had any difhculty in finding men this seitsun it was entirely their own fault. The men who could get employees landed here for . £o Iliad no rearon to cry out. <, iMr. Armstrong : There is no guar- antee as to the quality of the men before tliev arrive. ¿Mr. Kidston said they Avould be very much more 'likely to be unreliable if the system were made a free one. He was not going to start an indiscriminate sys- tem of ¡immigration which would simply flood Queen.si.iud with undesirables from the old country. Voices,: We do not want that. We want selected men. Mr. Kidston : I may toll yon some- thing further. One of my chief purposes in going to the old country at the pre- sent time is to advertise Queen-land prim- arily-(hear, hear)-and to set about it in a systematic way, and to spend money on it, and lo (have it done as it ought to be done. (Hear, hears.) It is like all other kinds . of aelvertdsing- This is a matter on which I would rather spend £30,000 than «pend £5. If it is not worth doing well it is not worth doing at all. I want also to i-organise not only the Agency-General in London, but to .get better and .more ceniliral premise«. and work it more on business line« by adapting methods more suitable tq modern requirements. I want to break it up into a number of agencies in different centras, and to advertise Queensland all over Eng- land, Seotlaild, and Ireland. Mr. Keogh : Don't forget Germany. Mr. Kidston ; We vvill go to Germanv Inter and try, and also get Danish and Swedish immigrants. They are just as good as our own people-perhaps in som» respects better-but it is as well to go' amongst our own people first. First, there is ti system of advertising Queensland which will cost a good deal of 'noney, and which will inaugurate a. sttady stream of immigrants to Qurensland. If Queensland were in a proper condition in relation to the old country, we should have 20,000 families a year instead of the practical stoppage that has taken place. ¿But we are do.wn in the estimation of tlie old coutilry, and have .been down .for years, and it nseits a very great effort ' to lift us back into such prominence as Canada. Mr. Redwood : Canada's is the system. ¿Mr. Kidston :7 That is exactly what we want to adopt. I am primarily want- ing farming immigrants-not only labour ère, but- farmers, men Avho have small capital, or large capital, for that matter. That will involve the immigration of a large number of farm labourers, and arti- sans wal follow' later on. We want an agricultural class firat. One of my pur- pose- in going home is to inaugurate this system. We can succeed if we co about it in the right way. I have been n.sked to have some kind of Jubilee Exhibition in Brisbane next year, and I was very much taken with the notion until I went to New Zealand and saw what it cost.. I can do much more good by spending £40,000 to £00,000 in adA-ertising Queens land in the 'way I propose. (Hear, hear.) We ought to celebrate the 'jubilee of i Queensland next year, but «6 far as the Government is concerned it Avili be at a small cost. If the public men ?of Queens- land are Avise at the present time they will boom Queensland in ¿Europe to such an extent as has never happeued before. Let the world know Avhat it is. Lieuten- ant-Colonel Rankin mentioned that a man who paid £5 to bring' ont an immigrant I added a citizen to tile State at ive own expense, but it might cost the State £50 I to bring that man here avíWi his family. The COO men who were brought out here saved the situation in the Northern fields -at Port Douglas and at Cairns. With re gard to the sugar industry', it is now in , an uncertain condition. The industry I might be practically ruined by the Fed- eral Government, and nothing that the State Government can do will affect it. Far more than scarcity of labour prevents sugar growers from planting. Mr. Cribb : The cessation of the Excise and bounty will help us. Mr. Kidston : The Federal Government will be very pleaded to hear that. I am §' oing to take the question of advertising luecnsland in hand, and I am quite sure lint my rearrangement Avili enormously ! increase the number of immigrants from the old ctjBntry. I propose lo do every tiling that is wanted. I ask you lo bp I Heve me when I say that I feel seized i of the great importance of this matter, i and 1 will do my very best to inaugurate , a snfiicient stream of emigration from tim I old country to Queensland. (Henr, hear.) | ¿Mr. Raines: Will that take place early? If so, the farmers will increase their I areas of wheat on the Downs. I ¿Mr. Kidston : When 1 say these things I mean them. The deputation thanked the Premier , for the information afforded them. 