FBBBHIGRftRTS F0g QUEENSLAND. 205 ARRIVE M BRISBANE BRISBANE, 'Thursdu i / Tho It.M.S. Oroya arrived to--lay with immigrants for Queensland Tlioio ?? \ wero 205 nion, womon, and children, - consisting of 10 married mon, 28 mar ried women, -18 single mtn, 77 single women, and 37 children. Tlio ' nation alities aro: English, 140, liith, 27, Scotch, 24,: Danish, 2: Sivodti. 2. Austrian, 1; Gorman, 1. Thtir dtstin- N itions are-. Brisbane; 15G; Towrmville, 12; Bundabcrg,- 9; Lucjnda, C, Mdclviy o; Cairns, 5; Childcrs, . 4; Uowon, 4, Rockl-ami)ton, 3: Geraldton, 1 Ilioro aro 1(K) nominated j 57 free, 41 issisted, and 3 full-payers. Tho fn o nnmigrants aro all fomalo domestic servants. Tho. ', majority of tlio 'assisted passonpors .iro farmors with their families, nnd ill propose to ragago in agricultural pur suits. ? Tho immigrants who ai rived bv the Oroya wero 'to-night . ontertaim d at a ' v social ovenihg bv the nowlv-foiiijed Queensland -.Immigration Loa^uo of Welcome. Tlio hall was crowded The ' Minister for Railways' (Hon G K-rr) presided, and welcf)mfid tlin victors on - behalf of the Government Ho also ' , pointed out the tiomendous ndvan- ' tiges of Queensland. Tlio Hon Rj-j Philp also welcomed them, and ox- ' plained some of tho material woilth of tho State,- rotci-riiiE to tho npposiit.v of population. Sovoral othei-s alio spoke. ? ? P ' The Orient S.N. Co.'s RMS Orova arrived' in the Bay 'from London via ports shortly after 3 p.m ?yestord- iv (says Friday's 'Melbourne Ago'), ,md berthed at Port Melbounin' milw.n.t pier at 4.15 p.m. x Sho 'had on board a largo number of passongeis, includ ing 2C0 immigrants. Two hundred of thoso aro intending .settlors for Quoons land, and they number among tliom 50 ' x femalo domestics. Fifty will romam in Melbourne. Captain Laws dobcribts s thorn as the finest lot of emigrants lie has over carried, and their appearance certainly' soems to justify his commend ation. Tlio men are 'for tho most p-n t , of fine physique and nmsculir, and the women of graceful and respectable (if poarance. During- - the pissago thoir conduct was so markedly s*,ood that it was decided to tender them a ball, ^_^ at which ' plain or fancy drcis could bo. s- worn at will. Tlio first saloo'n pabson gers wero. so interested in tlio event tliat they unanimously decided to ri\o up tho use of their promenade dock for it and provido the ' emigrants with ! a supper. Tlie dan^ng. wis-iv grtit success, and somo of tho 'costumt s wore very ingeniously arrangpd * ' When tho vossol rcaolied Fr- - ^****- mantlo 'a report ; was circulated on | 'shore that a girl stowawav h'ld board ed the vessel at Liverpool in a desti tute -.nd Tagged condition, and had not been discovered until the steameT was several days steam out. xnis in formation was reported in detail hi several inter-State papers, it beirg r ptated that tho .pirl had shipped on 1 boaTd because she was stirvmg ond . wishel to see Australia Wnen the Oroya arrived at Adelaide the noriisal of this story caused mucl wender and merriment, for it was not true; i'nd _ , \\\\\i ship's officers read it with =ur p-ise. ? No information could be glean ed as to who was tho originator of it. Captain Laws /last 'night leceived a letter from an address in' New South Wales, signed in the nom do plume of '''Chicken Lighthouse,' expressing sympathy with the supposed girl sto.\ avjay, and' enclosing a, pound hot?, which the writer asked nught, be given .to her. As the address is on the: let- - ' ter,- Captain. Laws states that :t is hi6 intentioa to send the money back. i The Oroya sails for Syd'npy' at noon /_ to-daj She had a fine w eathcr p ib- v sage ... '.^ 