IMMIGRATION TO QUEENSLAND. Tho frequent visits of colonial Premiers to London should tend to give tho authorities there a better grasp of colonial questions. A few weeks . ago Mr. Price, the South Australian Premier, arrived in thuV city, and made some very plain statements re- garding the attitude.of his State toward tho .motherland. Now Mr. Kidston has reached London, nnd has lost no time in putting his views before the public. In tho first place he found. tha,t there was room in tho Northern State for thousands of immi- grants, und If tho mother country was un ,nb|o to supply them Queensland wns pre- pared to welcome Germans, Swedes, und Dnnos. Mr. Kidston was on stiro ground when ho said that Queensland can lind room for many thousands of new people. No State in thc group hns such tracts of fertile lnhd, so many nnturnl harbours, or is capable of producing sucli a variety of products. In tho North, which ls now at- tracting a stream of settlers from other Australian states, there ls plenty of land available, land of the very best description, ami oven in those portions of tho State which are regarded as settled there is roon» and to spare. That, however, is not the main question. Tho point upon which Mr. Kidston laid emphasis was that Queensland would have no invasion of Asiatics. There would ,be a welcome for kinsmen from Britain, and if they did not care to come, clio hardy German, Swedish, or Danish peasantry would bo assisted to reach Queensland. Tho sister State can weil afford to do this. In years gono by largo numbers of these people settled In Queensland, and in almost every instance .they made.excellent colonist«. To-day thoy own some of the finest homostends, while thoir descendants havo motto names lor themselves in various walks of 1 I/o. In any schomo of Inmnigratlori this State would do well to adopt the snmo line ns Queensland, except that tho selection might bo widened somewhat to include tho Swiss nnd peasan- try from Northern France. It ls Just ns woll to mako it clear to tho pooplo at homo that Australia's greatest need ls for an agricultural population, people who will bring with them wealth in the form, of knowletlgo nnd ngricultural experience. 