THE WEEK'S CABLES. fREWPER' S MES SAGES . ) Tho South Australian loan of £2,000,000 | at Si por cont., has been issued at f)7'i* Lord Milnor has sailed for u two months' visit to Canada. There were 500,000 visitors at the Franco-British Exhibition on Saturday. Orville Wright's aeroplane, in a trial remained an hour and 10i minutes in the air. Tho Senate of iiolgium, by 03 voces to nas adoptod tho bill for tho annexation of the Congo Froo State. ' . The Corporation of Glasgow has purchased 170 acres of land whereon to provide work for the unemployed. Tho 'Westminstor Gazette' says tho South Australian loan of £2,000,000 looks reasonably oheap— as a lock-up investment. Frank Wootten, son of Mr. Dick Wootten, the woll- known sportsman, xodo four winners at Don caster. The large Wesleyan school and church at Dunstable, .England, have been destroyed. The damage is estimated at £30,000. Interruptions by thousands of unemployed stopped the service in Manchester Cathed ral. Immense areas of forests in the province of Ontario, Canada, are ablaze. The flames aro threatening Fort William. ?A party of Bedouins attacked. a_ Japanese pilgrims' caravan rwhile travelling from Jeddah, on route to Mecca, when the sum of £.25,000 in cash was captured. Jack Johnson has made a match to fight Langford, another coloured American boxer, at the National Sporting Club on Novein ber 9. . . , ,, , Tho fourteen men missing from the steamer Spartan Prince, which was sunk in collision, with the steamer Ceara, off Brazil, , were res cued* . „ : ' The Australian athlete, . A. 'B. Postle, won tho Invitation Handicap of ,100 -ards, at Nowcastle from scratch by throe yards out sklo oven time. . . . ? ? ? The Lancashire' cotton spinners liavo de oidod to take a second ballot upon the sug gostion of the - masters for a five per cent, roduction in wages, commencing in January. Lord Curzon while driving a motor car collided with another car near Sunmngdale Lord Curzon ' was thrown out and badly shaken, but he is. progressing. Tho Trade Union Congress, at Notting ham has re-elected Mr. D. J. Shackleton, M.P., chairman of its Parliamentary Com mittee. ' _ - ? _ Mrs. Tavorner, wife of the Hon. J. W. Taver nor, Agent-General for Victoria, launched the Lund Company's new liner Waratali, on the Clyde. Oountess Beauchamp has ' launched the St. Vincent at Portsmouth, and the Brazil ian Dreadnought Minasgeraos has been launched on the Tyne. , Jack Johnson, the coloured boxer, is con sidering the draft of an agreement foi a fight' for tho world's championship with Tommy Bums, in . Australia. _? . The police have abandoned the theory that the murder of Mrs. Ltiard at Sevenoaks -vas commit ted for the purpose of plunder. They .are now searching for evidence of personal ? roveng^ against Mrs. Luard. The Earl of Rosebery, in reply to a correspon dent, writes that adequate means of defence is the only guarantee against -.war alarms. No nation can afford to base its security on the dis positions of other countries. It must for that rely on itself, alone. Tho Christensen Ministry in Denmark has re signed owing to the frauds committed by its former Minister for Justice, M. P. A. Alberti, on the Zealand Peasants' Savings Bank, of which he was director. , The British Association, for tho Advancement of Science has formed an influential committee to aid in establishing a solar observatory in Austra lia. Sir David Gill, formerly : astronomer at the Cape of Good Hopo, is chairman,, and Mr. W. G.' Duffiold, of Adelaido,' is secretary. ? The Trades Union. Congress at Nottingham pasue 1 a resolution demanding- larger grants for pu, 'die works for the unemployed. It is officially stated at thi3 Efigue tliat Myn heer do Rous, Ministor Resident at' Caracas (Venezuela), who was expelled from the Republic by President Castro lias been honourably relieved of his duties and placed on the unat tached list. Tbo defalcations of Albortl, an exMinis tor of Justice of Denmark, who was ar rested in Canada- on his own confcs9ion, for defrauding tho -'Peasants' Saving Bank of Zealand, of which lie was a director, lunount to £1.000,000. Tho British Board of Trado at an inquiry into the loss of Fenwick's tug Belmore has piven judgment that the vessel was over laden when she left Port Said, ' that tho Plimsoll mark was submerged, and that her stability was insufficient. ? _ _ At the Americanist Congress in Vienna, Pro fessor Iritsch charged German colonists in the South of Brazil with the brutal treatment of Indian natives, complaining that the Germans I sold them and their children in slavery. The Congress, however, declined to petition, regarding the matter as a political ono. Ilrnoat Barry and George Towns have mode over tihciv final deposits of £100 amdd for tho Sportsman's Cup and championship of England, to be rowed on the Thames. Both men are in oxcellent condition. Pro minent amateurs aro generously assisting tt\ywii9 in his expenses of training. An unknown miscreant made an attempt on tho lives of tho family of Signor liio litti, at Genoa. The man placed a bomb against a wall of the family residence. Its explosion was fterri/ic, and caused a large breach in the wall. Nobody was injured. Energetic precautions aro being taken in Westorn Eui opo and in London against the spread of cholera, from which there have been 7000 deaths during tho past two months in Russia, while tho 'New York Herald' states there have heen 10,681 deaths this year from cholera in the Philippines. The 'Daily Telegraph' gives particulars of the cutting of the Cullinan diamond into two. Tho smaller diamond has finished cutting, and now weighs 330 carats, 90 above,,, tho Excelsior dia mond, tho largest, hitherto. The larger diamond will ho finished at Christmas, and will weigh GOO carats. In tho open market it would fetch at cur rent rates ,£.1,250,000. M. P. A. Alberti,. ex-Danish Minister of Justice, who has been arrested on a charge of fraud in connection with the Zealand Peasants' Savings Bank, was chairman of the Danish Farmers' Association. Danish papers state that ho is largely interested in a Manchester and Tooley Street firm dealing in colonial dairy produce. «' A' joint conference held in , London be tween representatives of the owners and tho men, has adopted, subject to . a ballot, by tho men,, a settlement of .the North Kast Coast Engineers' dispute. The con ference is hopeful that tho terms arrivod at will bo accented. : ? : . Mi\ . Winston Churchill , \ President of ? tho Board of Trado, lias prepared a scheme for a permanent tribunal of industrial arbitra tion. I^o proposes to create a nanel com posed equally of business and labour repre j scntatives. If 1 both parties to a dispute wish for arbitration, experts fronu the ar ticular trade concerned will bo selected front the panel by tho Board of Trade, - and will settle tho dispute. . Tho 'Westminstor Gazette,' commenting 011 tho 'Times'' cable of the last conference of State Premiers, stating that it had ;been decided 'to hamper and resist tho Federal Government's en couragement of immigration,' expresses tho j opinion that the success of the 'White Austra-| lia' policy will depend upon whether sufficient | numbers are attracted to justify tho exclusion of non-whites. A prospectus issued by the South Australian Govommont invites tho holders of its maturing ?t por cent, stock to convort tlio samo into an equal amount of 3$ por cont. stock, with a cash pay ment of 17s Gd per cent., tho holders retaining the January coupon for payment of interest when due. The cash applications close on Soptember 1,'i. and tho conversion will take place 011 Sep tember 22.' Tho correspondent of tho 'Times' reports that fierce fighting is proceeding at Tabriz. The Shah's troops, after penetrating up to the loopholes of the defences organised by Sata Khan, the leador of the revolutionaries, were repulsed with con siderable loss. The use of hand bombs by tho revolutionaries caused a panic among tho troops. Router reports that Count, Katsura (Prime [Minister of Japan), addressing- a mooting at the Bankers' Club, outlined Japan's policy. Tho re port credits Count Katsura with saying that rigid policy of economy was ? now fixed, which would pluce the world's hope of peace on a surer foundation. Members of tho Glasgow unemployed nvculo inflammatory speeches in George Sciun.ro. At midnight thoy were dispersed by the police, but 3000 rejoined and started to march to the Lord Provost's houso. When they wero a quarter of a milo from their destination, however, a body of mounted »olice suddenly charged, and scattered the mob in all direc tions. Tho police freely used their batons, and many heads were (broken. Air. Winston Churchill, President of tho Boaxd of Trade, was married yesterday in St. Margaret's, Westminster, to Clementine, daughter of tho late Sir Henry Hozier, soldier and war correspondent. A brilliant assombly witnessed tho ceremony. Women suffragists threatened a demonstration in the church, and a dozen policemen in plain clothes' were distributed ; around the building to cope with the threatened demonstration, but noth ing of the kind occurred. Many hundreds of people waited outside the church to see the wod ding party. : '- The 'Times,' in an article on the farewell of Lord Northcote to the Commonwealth, pays a high trihuto to him as Governor-General, and to his. successor, the Earl of Dudley. Then, re verting to the subject of immigration, the 'Times' urges the States forthwith to mako a vir tue of the impending necessity. As the main power of the purse will shortly devolve on the Commonwealth, they might save much overlap ping of effort and expenditure by heartily agreo- 1 ing'to tlie Commonwealth schemer . The ''Timos' | considers thfitjt ^p'.jbiore-' than high time that' a I High Commissioner was appointed. ' ? 