NOTES AND EVENTS, a In connection with the. agricultutal work at Pirron Yalloak, an expert will give a lecture aand denionstra tion of clleese-nmaking on' Friday, 10th inst., 'at 1 p.m., in tile school room. n All interestod in the above" industry p are cordially invited to be preseit..., Mr Deakin has received from 'Mr I Bent what lie describes as a most.en- b couraging and sympathetic response 1 to his letter upon the sulbect of State I co-operation in connection i with. the e immigration policy. Mr Dcalin states s that lie- does not desire to make tlhe r letter public until replies have been s received from the whole of the State c Premiers, and there are one or two yet to come in. MA W. Danaher, licensee of the Beeac hotel, died on Monday. The deceas ed had the, misfortune to break one of his legs recently.. He made satis factory progress.for a time, hut com plicationl set in, which resulted in' his death.. Mr Danaher was a native of Colacalnd was a son of. Mr Pat rick Danaher. IHe was 44 years of age, and leaves a widow and small family; The funeral will leave his late residence at .12 o-clock to-day for tle. Warncoort cemetery. A feature'of the Danish systenm il connection -with sccuring uniformity in pig raising is the method of mar keting. The most important fac tories of the country are co-operative concerns, located comiparatively, close to one another, and practically every farmer marke e his own pigs. Each man's pigs are slaughtered separately, and after they are slaughtered they are graded, and lie is paid for his pigs according to the iquality of the bacon they produce. This means a great deal'of work at the factory, but it seems that the results, more than ,compensate for the extra labor. Tak ing into account, therefore, that the Danes do not keep an .unnecessarily large variety of types of pigs, and that'strict account is kept of the quality of each farmer's pigs when lie markets them, it is the more readily understood how they maintain a high degree of excellence in their bacon. Owing to illness, Mr W. H. Jud k'ns, the well-known temperance ad vocate and social reformer, will not be able to- speak in Colac on the 27th. inst. The address has been postponed till the ISth May. Public attention has been for some time directed to the grass tree plains in the Heytesbury Forest as a pos sible area for settlement by the re port of some surprising results from the experimental plot conducted by the Agricultural department. This experiment is considered :o satisfac tory by the Government that it has authorised an expenditure of ab.)ut £8000 for tile purchase of a plant for draining and tloughinig the.land. The .Engineer of Agriculture, Mr Kenyon, will be entrusted with the worx, as it has been found that the department can carry out the work much more cheaply than if it is let by contryat. The plant, for whicl tenders are bping called, will be capable' of preparinig, by draining and ploughing, about 10,000 acres a year. There should bi; at least 100,000 acres, if the antlci pations; of the Government are rea-. on iltlese "lans. "Tt "ias been suiatc-l that the Closer Settlement Board has offered to take the whole area over at £3 per acre, and make it avail able for settlement. But no deriite offer, so far, has been' made. If rea sonably rapid progress is made' with this area under the new policy of im proving Crown lands it should afford scope forythel activities of the boari, which is now looking for further op portunity for its work. A lad nanfed William Henry Aspin-. all-was charged at the Colac police court on Monday before . Messrs J. Fulton and J. F. Parkinson, J.'s.P., on a charge of the larceny of a bicycle valued at £11, the property of William M'Intyre. The accused was sentenced to three'months' im prisonment, tile sentence ' being.. sus pended on the accused entering .ilto his own recognizance for good be Shavior. 1A subdivisional sale of the Clarke estate was held at Koroit on Friday. .jIr IR _W. Podger purchased 531 acres t £11/10/ per acre. Some excellent moving pictures of Scotland. will be presented at the Victoria Hall'to-morrow (Thursday) evening, and the season will last .un til Saturday night, including a mati nce on Saturday afternoon. Mr Bairns-r father, the noted singer of Scotch songs, will render several items. He will be assisted by Miss Bairnsfather anil Miss Ethel Bairnsfather. Seats may be reserved at Parkinson's.. An old resideit of this district,. in the person of Mr Henry Kenyoeii died at Irrewarra on Monday, at the ad vanced age of 81 years.' The decias ed came to-Colac in the .ealy-fiifties. He went to the Ball'arat goldfields where-he got married, and shortly af terwards returnced to CoMac. Thli funeral will leave Mrl A. Kenyon's residence, -rrewarra., at 2 o'clock this afternoon for the Colac ccmelery.) `A meeting':of the St. John's Gyni nastic ca illl Literary Society;was heldl last night, the Rev S. A. -Bevcridge presidingl The report :and .balance sheet of the previcitis season were readl, i an showed a -satisf ctory, sltie of affTtirs. -iThe officers for the ensuing season-were elected, and it was lecided to liave a syllailiiis iraw-l' up. , The l penilig'.night was fixed for htle filrst Tuesdai, in May, anl will take thdi fdomi of a% social. . A sci caseof suicide occurred at 1Uccaic on Sunday morning: hIlilst Mr James Flynn. was. :attending.. early. 'iass at th e''Roniai Catholic" church, lis second dilaughter, -Miss Mary 'Ahn Flynn,- .wentt datown to tile ;mnilkinlg slield. - e: Herliother, thoughtl thiat- she was going tob "cleaii some .milk 'cabs. But, as;.tlle girl ldid i not return,lMrxs Flynni seitlanotlieir of 'her - daughters to, tell ler- sister to come up to ithe house aind: giet ready-.. for i1 o'clock mass. The little girl returned to' her motlher, who,,luirried to the shed and found her daughter dead. The girl hladl apparently jillpled froum a cow i,ail Jfenc',. after blaving pla3ed a rope around her neck, and seciured the other end firmly to a beam. No rca son is known why tihe girl should have taken sich ;i rask step. At an inquiry liell ou Moilday morninig by i Mr J. F. Parkinsol,' J.p., a ecrdict of ,suicilde by lhanging was rcturlnedl The funcrral of tle late Mrs Clum- i minis, wife of Mr John Cunmlnill, of r Bccac, whose death occurred at Culac \ on Saturday, took placo on Monlday afternoon at lhe Gcclong ccmnetery.: a TheI1 respect in which the deceased T lady was held Was testiied by the I larige iunrei.r who attended, -many driving from Drysdale and the sur rounding districts to pay the last tri blute of respect. The cortege was a u very lengtlhy one. Tile followinlg gen tlenie sul'ortet tile piall : Messrs T. Ford, J. Fitzgerald, senr., T. East- , wood. P. -Hogan, P. Ryan, W. I-Ioare t senr., C. Brcn (Bcenac), J. Ryan J. , Eastswood, and Denis O'Halloran; an?l tile colinbeatarcrs were Messrs T Fitz- t, gcral, R. Ryan, P. J. Dwyer and D. Rvccl. Tic Rev Fathlier " W"-L... " f t ficiated at the grave,_...' . ' Mr H. M. J. Powell, dentist, Gelli hiand street, Colace visits n eech ID Forest every sale day asl Birregurr 1 every week,* at Braldy' Hotel Hit - cass iiodern icetal wort-r a4 pmodern p -icss-j'dvt; ' . . n. . 