GENERAL NEWS. LONDON, September 20. I The disaffection on the cruiser Gibraltar ; was-confined to a small section of men, wlio complained of unfair treatment by junior officers. ^)rville Wright, the American aeronaut, who broke his leg when his machine fell, is ; recovering. Many German soldiers were killed or disabled owing to the severity of the recent manoeuvres. The injuries sustained by Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton (who was thrown from his horse last week) were not serious. An explorer has found a number of 8th Century writings in Turkestan. The Pope has celebrated the jubilee of his first mass. Many colonial Anglican prelates are re turning homewards. A "Marathon" race for professionals is being organised^in England. A move is to be made in the House of Commons towards dealing w ith the unem ployed question. The New South Wales Rugby footballers have arrived in England. Lasker has won six games and Tarrasch three in the chess championship match. September 21. *^The palace of the Caputels at Verona has been destroyed by fire, as has also the Paris telephone exchange. Wilding (the Australian player) has won the South of England tennis championship. Mark Twain's silver plate has been stolen by two burglars. The police pursued, Bhot, and captured one. Alberti, the defaulting Danish Minister, has lost £300,000 on the London Stock Exchange. France is withdrawing her troops from Morocco. The Shah of Persia's reply to the recent Anglo-Russian, note is regarded as un satisfactory. September 22. Mr. Bryan's rousing speeches in America are strengthening his chances for the Presidential election. Mr. Hearst (the newspaper magnate) accuses both Demo crats and Republicans of being servile tools of the trusts. Seven people were killed and forty were injured by the liberation of 22 bulls in Portugal. Extensive frauds have been perpetrated on the Canadian Government by Chinese immigrants. Great inconvenience has been caused in Paris owing to the burning of the telephone exchange. Socialists have organised an unemployed demonstration for October 10, and which will be held in Trafalgar Square. Wilbur Wright has broken distance and time records with his aeroplane, the flight fairing place in Prance. For over an hour and a Wnlf he maintained an average speed of 27 miles an hour. There are prospects of the engineers' strike in the North-East of England being settled. In seven months the loss of wages lmg totalled half a million sterling. A British expedition has heavily defeated the Somali mullah. Sarasate, the violinist, died suddenly at Biarritz on Monday. The outlook in connection with the cotton trade dispute in Lancashire is not so hope ful. The British Prime Minister's daughter was lost in the dark on the Aberdeenshire riliffH. After a long search she was found in an unconscious state and lying close to the edge of the cliff. The Pall Mall Gazette says it iB ex pected that a special squadron of modern British ships will visit Australia next year. September 23. Many Irish bodies strenuously protest against Mr. Asquith's alleged insult to Catholics in prohibiting the procession. "Mr. Asquith has promised to legislate shortly regarding the unemployed. One of the side shows at the Franco British Exhibition was au elephant on a water chute. For arranging this Hagen bach, the manager, has been fined. Hearst's revelations in America regarding politicians and trusts have caused a good deal of comment. In Lancashire 530 cotton mills have ceased working. One-third of the old hands are idle. \- During the next five years Germany will hgiye a deficit of over .£100,000,000. Fifteen sailors were sacrificed through a gun bursting on a French cruiser. Prince von Bulow declared in Berlin that no one dreamed of attacking England; it was a frightful misunderstanding. The underwriters will receive about 69 per cent, of the South Australian loan. The steamer Whangape has broken her tail shaft in the vicinity of Fiji. \- September 24. Two ttipti in London have been charged with threatening to murder J. B. Joel un less he paid them .£500. The accused were remanded, bail being refused. Negotiations for settling the Asiatic difficulty in Transvaal have failed. The AmorifAn training cruiser Yankee is badly ashore on the coast of Massa chusetts. The Irish-American athletes declare there was no British fair play at the recent Olympic games. The cholera outbreak in Russia is as suming serious proportions. The barque Star of Bengal has been wrecked on the Alaskan coast and 110 lives lost. Lord Brassey applauds the Admiralty's decision to lend Australia two cruisers for training purposes. Much damage has been done in the Bahamas by a hurricane. The Japanese Charge d'Affaires in Lon don declares that not a single Japanese dreamB of war with the United States. September 25. President Roosevelt has attacked Senator Fotaker and Governor Haskell for having bitterly opposed all reforms proposed by the Government. Mr. W. R. Hearst's ex poflnrpB, he adds, strikingly justify his -administrations and actions, and cast a curious sidelight on the attacks made upon the Government by Mr. Bryan's friends. Mr. Bryan declared that Governor Haskell, who is treasurer of the Democratic ypfannnl Fund, is willing to appear before any tribunal President Roosevelt may nnmp. He (Mr. Bryan) is willing to oust Governor Haskell if President Roosevelt after nan investigation supports Hearsfs accusations that he is the tool of the Stan dard Oil Trust. President Roosevelt, in reply to Mr. Bryan's challenge, declares Governor Has kell is a disgrace to the nation and totally unfit for a public position. He cites his former record as a company promoter in Wall Street, and describes Mm as a cor rupt official tool of the Standard Oil Trust. There is a serious increase of cholera at St. Petersburg, which is largely due to a grave diggers' strike. The people insist on accompanying and sometimes throwing their arms around the coffins containing the remains of relatives, and thus the cholera spreads. The highways have been scoured to obtain grave diggers. The military authorities will not allow the soldiers to act as grave diggers. The situa tion is alarming. There is a reign of terror at St. Petersburg in consequence of the virulence of the cholera outbreak. Another railway collision has taken place, two electric trains colliding in a fog at Philadelphia. Seven persons were killed and 72 maimed. 