HOME & FOREIGN SUMMARY OF CABLE NEWS. LONDON, November 24. News from Teneriffe states that the volcanic explosions are increasing in frequency, and the How of lava from the newly opened craters is slowly creeping nearer to the adjacent vil lages. The two craters recently formed have now united, owing to the-intervening crust having fallen in. The authorities at Tenerifte have , made preparations to deal with any catastrophe that may occur. At the London wool sales, which opened on Tuesday, the market was brisk, and prices ruled from par to a decline of 5 per cent, on the closing rates of the previous gales. Mr. Lemieux, Canadian Postmaster- General, is in England discussing with ths British Postmaster-General the proposed All Red steam-hip route. A movement, which is meeting with in creasing approval throughout the Liberal Party, has been started in England for having all tbe general elections held on the one day. Many meetings to protest against the Congo atrocities are being held in the pro vincial towns of -Great Britain. The debate on the second reading of the Finance Bill, and Lord Lansdowne's amendment, was continued in the House of Lords on Tuesday, and interest iv the proceedings was undiminished, the Cham ber being again crowded. The new British battleship Vanguard, an improved Dreadnought, made a speed of 22.4 knots on her trial trip, which is a record for a vessel of her class. Dolly. Parnell, a chorus girl in a London theatre, has been married at a registry of fice to Prince Ali Khan, a brother of the Nawab of Rampur, India. The bride groom presented her with jewels valued at £20.000. Pearl 'Harbour, in Hawaii, which will be the principal American naval port in the Pacific, is to be made impregnable, re gardless of cost. Judicial proce-diings for alleged irre gularities have been instituted against sixty-six officials of the controlling coinm s sion of the Moscow Commissariat Depart ment. The volcanic eruption in Tenerifte is sta'.cd to he a magnificent spectacle, the chief crater throwing incandescent matter to a height of 2000 ft. Speaking in the French Chamber of De puties, M. Pjfhon, Minister for Foreign Affairs, stated that th_ outtageou*) treat ment of French proteges and Jews in Morocco could not be tolerat-d longer, and if the Sultan persisted in his present at titude France would be obliged to inter vene. Several American millionaires are float ing a company, with a capital of 1,000,000 dol'ar.--, for the manufacture of Wright aeroplanes. The London "Mail" now rerorts that Colonel J. J. Astor_ yacht tXourmahel arrived at San Juan, Porto Rico, on November 14. Tuan-fang, Viceroy of the province of Qhi-li, who was recently sternly > inured by the Chinese Government for aiiowinc photographs to be taken of the funeral cortege of the late Empress Dowager, and the use of trees within the mausoleum en closure as telegraph poles, has now been dismissed and degraded. Dr. Cook has completed the proof of his claim to have reached the Norch Pole (which is disputed by Commander Peary) and his secretary has started for Denmark with a report extending to 25,000 words, to be placed before the Danish Geographical Society, and also Dr. Cook's original records. LONDON. November 25. The new King's Dock at Swansea, in* Wales, which has cost £2,000,000, has been opened. The debate on Lord Lansdowne's amendment to the motion for the sec ond reading of the Finance Bill was con tinued in the House of Lords on Wednes day, the principal speaker being Lord Rosebery, who spoke strongly against ttie Budget, which, he said, was crude and vindictive, ana threatened to poison the very source of national supremacy, lie, however, was unable to vote for the amendment, and believed the winning policy would have been to pai_ the Bud get and give the counftry six or eight months' experience of its intolerable im positions, and the enormous loss of capi« tal and employment it involved. In connection with the widespread con spiracy in India, for which a large num ber or pri-oners were tried in May last, the High Court of Calcutta has commut ed the death sentences on Dutt and Bar endro Ghose to transportation for life. It is reported that the Army Commis sariat scandals in Moscow involve em bezzlements totalling £11,000,000 annually, and supplies sufficient for a whole army co:ps have been stolen at Kieff and Odessa. The prisoners implicated pur chased splendid estates and mansion*-, and these have been confiscated. A. Swi?S wireless station is receiving messages from a radius of 2000 miles, uniting them from mid-Atlantic to various parts of tbe Continent, and despatching them in various languages. An anarchist hurled a bomb into a German shop at Sao Paulo, Brazil, and the explosion killed several persons, and caused a serious fire. The trade convention between Canada and France, which is now before the Canadian Parliament, stipulates that French products in order to be entitled to the lower duties, must be shipped dir ect from either French or British p*ol"^. M. Paulhan, the French aviator, has been offered £24,000 for a series of six jnorjlhs' flights in (America. The transfer by the Reich-bank to the Porte of the ex-Sultan of Turkey's deposit of £64,000 is being withheld until the pro duction of a special seal which the ex- Sultan, at the time of the deposit, stipu lated must be used to secure its with drawal. The seal is missing. The Dominion Trades <_ongres_ is re calling Mr. Trotter, its representative who was sent to Great Britain to dissuade workers there frcm emigrat'ng to Canada. This action is interpreted as an abandon ment of the exclusion policy, and the decision is attributed to the Canadian Im migration Department having described the policy of the Trades Congress as un patriotic. It is expected that the British Parlia ment will be prorogued at the end of next week, and the general election takes place 