QUEENSLAND LETTER. ? 9 ? Once more the man on the land has been favoured with a splendid rainfall, which will enable him to look forward for a while with, complacency. During the last few weeks the country has been visited by those genial showers which in this State are very seldom unwelcome, and everything is very promising J.UT UUc plVWfiy a^Jpiuauuuig niutct* . .*** *««m.a— ity summer is not yet by any means over, for last week was one of the hottest and most sultry experienced this year. The Dread nought fever does not seem to spread very rapidly. The farmers are all too busy for any jingoism of that character. THE LANDS DEPARTMENT. The brisk demand for land, coupled with the fact that the system of employing private agents has been abolished, has compelled the Government to make some important altera tions at the inquiry branch of the Lands Department. The demand shows no sign ot slackening, and day after day the officials are kept busy from the time the office is opened in the morning till the closing hour in the afternoon. The bureau, now adjoining the inquiry office, S' to be transferred to the cor ner of Queen and George streets, and no more convenient spot could be chosen for such an important department as this has be come. The business of land settlement will now be carried on exclusively by officers of the department. The officer selected for this important work is Mr. W. Gordon Graham, who will control the operations of these im portant offices. It may be remembered that Mr. Graham was one of the staff at the Franco-British Exhibition, and was after wards commissioned by the Government to visit Canada and report on the Canadian sys tem of dealing with public lands. He ought to be able to give Australia some points now in methods of settlement — that Is, if the chaos caused by so many Act3 can be dodged. THE GOVERNOR QUOTES DENMARK. In days to come, when Lord Chelmsford will be delivering educational addresses to the people of New South Wales, Queenslanders will look back with pleasure and happy re collections to the time when they were privi leged to listen to the words of wisdom which fell from the lips of his Excellency in this State. No matter on what subject, his ad dresses and speeches were always character istically educational. In an address which his Excellency made at the South Brisbane Technical College this week on the power of education, he aptly quoted little Denmark as an illustration of the fact that higher education, even from an agricultural point of view, paid. Before the year 1864, he said, Denmark had very little higher education, but after that year the Danish people reorganised their educational system, and now they had an agricultural college, 15 agricultural schools, 70 popular high schools, a polytechnic insti tution, 99 technical and commercial schools, and a national university. Prior to this reorganisation Denmark had practically no external trade whatever, but according to the latest returns, Denmark received from Great Britain alone in respect of Its exports £9,639,000 for butter, £4,32-1,000 for bacon, and £1,700,000 for eggs. Yet Denmark, as regards size, could easily be put into tho Darling Downs, and, besides, had a poorer and harsher climate. The area of TJenmark was only 16,000 square miles, and they could realise its size by remembering that the area of the Darling Downs in Queensland was about 25,000 square miles. THE FLOW OF IMMIGRATION. The Torres Straits route to this State is destined to become the avenue through which will pass many of those sturdy yeomen, and their families for which the country is yearning. The avenue, too, is a most ap propriate one, for those who have passed through it aver that there are natural beau ?ties and picturesque spots to be seen en route which are hard to beat in any part of the world. The coral fringed shores and the thousands of verdant and enchanted is lets which bedeck the northern shores are all In the bill of fare. There can be little doubt as to the wisdom of the choice of this route for immigration purposes from a Queensland or an Australian point of view, for is it not in the far north population is needed urgently as a means of defence? All the way down the coast from Thursday Is land to Brisbane immigrants may be landed at the various seaport towns, thus saving the extra expense and trouble of railway or shipping the immigrant to his destination. Another consideration is that they will not be tempted by the allurement of the larger and more attractive cities of southern States. It is generally known that Queensland has suffered by this means in the past, but this route will prevent that in the future, and thereby the new arrival is likely to be more contented with his lot. This welcome flow of immigration has set in as the fruit of the Franco-British Exhibition advertisement. . The Oswestry Grange has come down the coast, and between Cape York and Bris bane has landed over 350 of the right class of immigrant. Most of .those just arrived were from Brisbane, but the majority of them will find their way into country districts where there is plenty of work waiting willing hands. The Brisbane League of Welcome plays, an important part on the arrival of an immigrant vessel, and many prominent citi zens roll up at the barracks and amuse and entertain by muBic, speech, and a hearty handshake. On the whole the immigrants are very favourably impressed with the wel come extended. Recently the State Trea surer, Hon. A. G. C. Hawthorn, was present, and in a happy speech told his hearers that there were many here who had come with 6s in their pockets, but after a few years were now worth comfortable fortunes. The farm which won the Nhill (Vic.) Agri cultural Society's prize recently, has obtained excellent results in crop rotation by following wheat with barley and then oats. Some of the best oats seen by the judges were those sown on barley stubble. Some interesting experiments were not long since conducted at the Wajrga State farm con cerning the production of maize and sorghum for green fodder. The paddock was worked well to a depth of six inches. Phosphate dressing at the rate of Jcwt per acre was applied, supplemented with blood manure at half this rate. Both crops germinated with out rain and progressed so well at a time when there were many starving herds around that the manager was able to spare some for ensilage. This is good business, con sidering the land was not irrigated, and only four or five Inches of rain fell all the tima the crops were growing. 