KEWS OF THE DAY. The effects of the good season are manifest by increased activity at the Go vernment Cool Stores. By the mail steamer Osterley yesterday. 315 tons of 'butter was shipped for London, . The Suevic to-mor- row, it is expected, will take about 18 tons, and the Ayrshire on Friday 40 tons. The Superintendent of Exports states that shipments next week will probably amount to 450 to 500 tons,. and that from that time tlic butter export, season will be in full swing. The. export of lamb and mutton; just commencing, promises to bc: on an ex tensive scale. The Suevic will to-day take 1000 carcases of lamb and 4000 carcases of mutton for London, und some 3000 car- eases of mutton have been booked for despatch to Cardiff by the Hawke's Bay. Commentiing upon the advance which I agriculture is making in the Western dis- Cherry, who has just returned from a visit to Skipton, says it will not be long- before the whole of the country which has "hitherto been considered sacred to the merino will he invaded by the plough. Be tween Skipton and Streatham there are up wards of 40,000 acres under fallow this year, and on tlie Baangal Estate, out of a total of 2250 acres, .there are only 50 acres under grass. This has been the pioneer estate in the Western district, as far as cultivation is concerned. A few vears ago it was found that the net returns from 200 acres under cultivation were greater than the returns from the whole of tlie 2000 acres under gross, hence tho rapid change of attitude with ' regard to the plough. Throughout the whole district it is now re cognised that cultivation, the use of phos phoric manures/and the grazing of sheep in alternate years on fodder crops/not only maintains the fertility of the soil, but brings about a rapid increase in the pro fits derivable from the land. From £12 to £15 per acre is now being asked for land -which previously sold at from £3 to £4. The intention of the Railway Commis sioners in future -to give only "more or loss" receipts for wheat consigned at coun try stations was the subject of a question put to the Minister of Railways in the Legislative Assembly yesterday by Mr. Car lisle, who desired to know whether the Commissioners' object was to evade responsibility. The Minister read a long reply from . the Commissioners, staring iihat, although wheat was loaded by the consignor and for- warded at the risk of the owner, it had hitherto -been the practice, although hot obligatory, to give a receipt for a definite number of bags in respect to wheat con, signed both from and to stations or sidings iu charge of a man, but only a "more or less" receipt in respect of wheat consigned either , from or to stations or sidings not in charge of a man... The advent of tho smaller wheat bag, had rendered it impossible to make an accurate tally after the completion of loading, and to tally the bags while -loading wouid involve -the em ployment of a large staff. The Commis sioners would, however, undertake liability for loss or damage in transit, with the con sequential responsibility for tallying, on payment of a charge of 5 per cent, of, and in addition to, the ordinary rate, with a, minimum payment oF'4d., and a maximum payment of 6d. per ton. The Minister added that this was the rule both in South Australia and New South Wales. " A deputation of 'cihiijlry, members waited on the Premier 'at PiiHiament House last'' night ' on the subjeW of (lie size of corn- 1 saclt3. They stated that- if - a regulation were made by' tho Railway Commissioners penalising any .bag sent by rail that con tained more than 200 lb. of wheat the Minister of Customs'- might then remove the prohibition of the importation of larger bags. The farmers had no desire to put more than 200 lb. of wheat in a bag, but they required larger bags for other pur poses. The Premier said lie would con sult with tlie Ministar of Customs. It is not tho intention of tlie Minister of Customs to amend the regulations limiting tlie size of bags so that those intended for wheat shall hold 200 lb. weight; but Mr. Palmer was informed yesterday that the necessities of the matter will be met by tlie local manufacture of the larger sack, which -will be indelibly branded in such a way as to discourage its use for carrying wheat. Tlic Country party will meet at the State Parliament House to-day at 2.30 p.m., when, the chairman, states, tlie party will consider the question of tlie size of corn- sacks and other matters. In a report to the Premier, the Agent- General replies to recent criticisms on tlie failure to make the resources of Victoria known in Great Britain, and on tho smull number of immigrants that come to this State in comparison with the number at tracted by other Australian States. He says that for four years he lias been send ing literature relating to Victoria to the free libraries of Great Britain. The larger immigration into New South Wales from England is due to the fact that the ship ping agents receive a, bonus of £1 per head from the New South Wales Government for approved immigrants, and are not likely to quote passage money to Victoria as £12 when the New South Wales rate is £6, the Queensland rate : £5 and the Western Australian rate from £5 to £7. The pas sage money for female domestics to New South Wales is '£3. While bonuses and commissions are paid by other States, greatly reduced passages are offered, and land and employment are promised. Mr. Tavcrner contends that it is unfair to make a comparison with Victoria. He adds: — "I would indeed lie glad if the conditions in Victoria would place the Government in a position to adopt us far as possible a uni form system with the other States of as sisted passages. Such a policy is not pro bable until such time as our own people are supplied with land; and a surplus of good agricultural land is at the disposal of the Government." A teacher of physical culture from Nc\v South Wales (Mr. Petersen) had nn inter view with the Minister of Education, Mr. A. A. Biilson, yesterday, with the object of ascertaining whether there would be any opening: in the Victorian State schools in the teaching of the Danish-Swedish system of physical culture. He expiuined his sys tem, and said that in New South Wales he had 3500 pupils and a staff of eleven in structors. Ho agreed to submit a scheme to the Minister. -Mr. Biilson considers that tlie proper thing to do will be to teacli the teachers first, and let them teach the chil dren afterwards. Several tenders have been received by the Public Works department for the building of tlic hospice at Mount Buffalo, aud one will be accepted shortly. The liocpioe will be built of Australian oak, and will pro vide accommodation for 70 persons. Yesterday four Western Australian mem bers of the Senate — Messrs. Pearce, De Largie, Lynch and Henderson— interviewed the PostmasterGcneral,.to again urge that the interests of Western Australia be con sidered in connection with the proposed new arrangement whereby the Orient mail steamers which now arrive at Fremantle on Monday eh route for England will ar rive on Tuesday. The suggestion, of the Al bany Chamber of Commerce that a launch should land the mails at Albany, thence to be taken to Perth by special tram,, was brought under the Minister's .notice. Sir John Qm'ek pointed1 out difficulties in the way of tflua arrangement, the chief being I that Hie special train from Albany to Perth would cost about £8000 a year. The most he could do was to promise that an inquiry would be made. Directions inave been given by the Minis ter of Defence that the military works re cently authorised iby Parliament be pushed forward energetically. On the estimates for the new works being (passed tlie com mandants ot tlie States were supplied, it appears, wi till schedules showing to what extent their requests to tlie central office and to Parliament had been approved. The commandants were instructed — such is the cumbrous public works system of the Fede ration! — to furnish requisitions to the De partment for Home Affairs. These requisi tions, it was officially announced yesterday, are coming to hand daily, and arc passed on for execution. In the case of nearly all the larger and more important works, such as the reconstruction of fortifications foi new guns and electric light stations, plans are in course of preparation under the supervision of the Director-General of Works of the Department for Home Affairs. Officers of tlhe Defence department in the office of the Chief of Ordnance are consul ted from time to time in connection with technical details. It is anticipated that tenders will shortly be called ior several of the most important works, as Idle plans are in an advanced stage. It is the intention of the Minister of De fence to call together as soon as possible the conference of educational and defence experts which some months ago drafted a scheme of physical training for tlie hoys and gills, attending- all sGlnuls in Aun- tralia. When the adjourned conference is summoned Mr. Cook intends to add to ita personnel representatives of the secondary schools of the Commonwealth, so that tlie 'scheme in its final form may represent tlie advice of the united educational authori ties of the States. At present Mr. Cook is in correspondence with the States Govern ments. As soon as tlie latter have replied to certain letters which the Minister lias sent to them, the date for the further con ference will be fixed. Copies of the report of the first conference have already been circulated by Surgeon-General Williams ht the request of Mr. Cook. The Minister of Customs has received a communication from u veterinary surgeon at Mandalay on tlic subject of tlie existing prohibition on the importation of horses from India, to which his officers attacli con siderable importance. Tlic letter says that the writer is of the opinion that the main tenance of the present restrictions is vital to the prevention of an influx of horse dis eases. It is extremely likely, tlie epistle continued, that glanders, surra, dourrinc and other equine diseases would be readily introduced into Australia if these restric tions were, removed or materially relaxed. A further communication has been re ceived by, the Agent-General from his Highness the Rajah Kumar Naivab Shy- ama Tagore, who recently gave some rare relics to the Melbourne Museum. This states that his Highness is desirous of making a further presentation to the Mel bourne Museum of a few miniature ivory portrait paintings of Mogul Emperors, as follow: — Nadin Shall, Emperors Babur Shah, Bahadur Shah, Slialijehan Shah, Jahunger Shah, Moliomed Shall, Akbat- the Great, Tipu Sultan and llumaun Shah. His Highness further hopes to forward some additional Sanscrit manuscripts, to gether with some antique Hindu idols. Some twelve months ago attention was directed by moans of ndvertisements aud circulars to an organisation calling itself "the Anglo-American Finance Corpora tion," with London office at 41 King Wil liam-street, E.C.; Paris office at 9 Pluce de la Bourse, and New York office at 29 Wall- street. The circular issued was headed Wealth by Thrift, and contained such sub-headings as Gilt Edged Security, Fixed Interest from 2 Per Cent, to 4 Per Ceut. Per Annum, Possibilities of Acquiring a Fortune by Periodical Drawings, No Risk of Principal, No Gambling, Puymcnt by Instalments. In July last Jlr. \y. Wilton, .of Davis-avenue, South Yarra, wrote to the Agent-General asking if he knew anything of this corporation; as- sums of money had been sent from Melbourne to Mr. G. S. Goldsmith, tlie managing director, in part payment of "premium bonds." Mr. Tavcr ner has forwarded to tlie Premier a copy of Mr. Wilton's letter, together with a report, stating that the police authorities of Scotland Yard hold a warrant lor tlie arrest of G1. S. Goldsmith, the manag ing director, and (hat he is advised that tlic corporation is a swindle. Certain additions arc being made to the post office at Brunswick, and some resi dents desired that tho name of their repre sentative in Hie House of Representatives, Mr. J. Hume Cook, should appear on the foundation stone. The Postmaster-Gene ral had no objection, and the laying of the stone on Monday was attended with a little ceremony. When the House of Repre sentatives met yesterday, Mr. Tudor in quired whether it was the intention of tho Postal department to allow representatives of other electorates to hand down their names to posterity in a similar manner. He specially referred to tlie additions made to the General Post Office in Melbourne, and uskeil whether Mr. Ma'loney "would be given the same ad vcrtiaa merit" as the member for Bourke. Sir John Quick re plied that each case would bj considered on its merits. "The merits of tho mem ber?" inquired Mr. Batchekir; but the Postmaster-General was discreetly silent. Failing to secure provision for the estab lishment of a light hoise regiment at Denfiiqiiin as part of the New South Wales defence forces, Jlr. Chanter seeks to have one made part of the Victorian troops. He was informed yesterday in the House of Representatives that the estimates do not provide for any .addition to the present strength of the light horse regiments in Victoria, and that the establishment laid down for New South Wales is at present complete. An inquiry by Mr. Crouch elicited a statement from the Minister of Defence that provision is made in this year's estimates for the appointment of permanent adjutants, and as soon as the money is appropriated officers for tlie posi tion will be selected from those now serv ing on the administrative and instruction al staff, from those candidates who quali fied for the administrative and .instruction al staff at the last examination, and also from officers of the citizen forces. Mr. John Thomson asked the Jfinister for Home Affairs yesterday whether, in order to secure the greatest confidence in rating at general elections, he would make provision for the appointment of poll clerks at all polling booths. Mr. Fuller replied that divisional returning officers would be authorised to appoint poll clerks for the purposes of the next general election. It was, however, not practicable, under the low, for a -court to be made at each poll ing booth, nor was it considered desirable to adopt such a practice. An assistant returning officer would be appointed for each subdivision, and would count at one centre the votes recorded at the different polling booths within tlie subdivision. It has not been considered necessary hitherto for the Pensions department to acknowledge the receipt of claims sent in by applicants, but the Treasurer intimated yesterday that where tlie "papers were not handed in personally a formal indicatioa of their receipt would be sent in future. A meeting of honorary justices' in the metropolitan area has been convened by Messns. D. Buzolioh, J. W. Clarebrough and J. Rowan, J's.P., to be held at the Vienna Cafe, Collins-street, this evening, for the purpose of considering the advisableness of terming an honorary justices' association in Melbourne on . the lines of the South Aus tralian association, which has an enrolment of nearly. 800 members. For some time past the conveners have been in communi cation with the registrar 'of the South Aus tralian association, and the rules and regula tions on which tlie latter organisation was formed will be submitted to the meeting. The objects of the association are to con sider matters affecting law and justice at various intervals, and generally confer re garding questions of a judicial. character to be decided by honorary magistrates. Should the meeting, 'which will be a preliminary one, decide in favor of forming bucii an association, a further conference of justices representing the whole of the State . will be called to place the project on a firm basis. It is proposed to make the subscrip tion to the association £1 / per annum. The final official report of Jlr. II. l'leane, consulting engineer on the trans-continent al railway survey, is now in preparation in Melbourne. Yesterday Jfr. Deanc duid a conference at the Home Office with Mr. Thomson, Engineer in Ghief of tlic West ern Australian Railways, with respect to the western portion of tlie proposed line, there being also present Mr. D. Miller, Secretary of the Home department, and several South and Western (Australian railways officials, including Jlessra. " Anketell and Farmer, who took part in the flying survey expedi tion. Liter in the week Jlr. Jlonorief, Engineer in Chief of the South Australian Railways, will arrive here. After a con sultation with this gentleman, Mr. Deane will finish liis report and present it to t'ne. Minister for Home Affairs. v In a report -to tlhe Jlinister of Lands upon the trial of blasting l-oeks for rabbit destruction .by Nobel's gelignite by elec tricity; tlic Chief Inspector of Vermin De struction says tbat this method should be of tlie greatest value in dealing with rocky harbors of vermin and burrows under trees. Its safety and certainty appealed to him, and the cost, hore a most favorable com parison with 'other methods. The shipping sen-ice established between Melbourne and Fiji is iu the experimental stage, hut it is understood that arrange- ments are in progress for tlie enleririg into tlie trade of a second company, in which ease there will be fortnightly in place of monthly trips. Of the 0370 bunches and 2419 eases of Fiji bananas that were brought here by tlic steamer Jlanapouri only 27 bunches had depreciated in condi tion, and this highly satisfactory result is attributed to tiie even distribution of air cooled to 58 deg. The Acting Chief In spector of Fruit states that there appears to be no doubt of tlic success of tlie banana trade, but that return loading of consider able volume is required. An architect from the Public Works department, Mr. S. C. Brittinglmuic, who was recently sent to New South Wales to inspect the public buildings there, has forwarded a report to tlic acting Jiinister of Public "Works, in which he states that, as a result of what ho has seen, it will be possible to reduce the cost of the new Asylum for the Insane at Mont- park. In regard to schools, the Victorian buildings, though loss cosily, will compare satisfactorily with those of New South Wales, being 'better planned, and much more adapted to tlie requirements of modern education. The action of the Railway authorities in bringing delinquents against the depart mental by-laws before tlhe courts of petty sessions some months after tho alleged offences have been committed has fre quently 'been commented upon by the magistrates adjudicating. Yesterday at tlie Hawthorn court Inspector Dorsum prose cuted two individuals for travelling first class on second class tickets, tho date of the offence in each case being 4th August. Jlr. D'niipott, J.P., from the beuch, said it was strange that such a length of time elapsed between the committal of the of fence and tlhe prosecution, and inquired the reason. Inspector Dorsum said the reason was purely departmental, lie could not be everywhere at once. Since file begin ning of the year he had conducted 400 prosecutions, and in Oiie circumstances he considered he had done well. Notice of appeal to the High Court was lodged with the pi- othonotary yesterday by James Black Ronald, pJaintitf m the action Ronald v. Harper, against the decision the Victorian Full Court in dismissing his appeal in regard to tiic case. The grounds of the appeal are that the judges of the Full Court were erroneous iu arriying at their decision. A- case 'of alleged, .breach of - agrcament in regard to domestic service was before Jlr. Justice Cussen, in the Practice Court yesterday, on a summons for directions. Plaintiff was Norah B. Whitostone, de scribed as a nurse, who claimed from Bea trice Skcy, or alternatively from licr hus band, Dr. Arthur Skey, £100 damages for breach of agreement and wrongful dis missal. Plaintiff alleges that on 12th March last Mrs. Skcy engaged her as a nurse for licr children and to accompany them to England, at a salary of 14/ a week with her passage money paid. At tlie end of April Jlrs. Skey: raised her salary (to 18/ a week while in Australia, hut plaintiff was to receive 10/ a week while on the voyage to England. On 21th August the agreement was terminated and plaintiff ' was dismissed. _ Dr. Skey was joined as the principal in the agreement, his wife being his agent. Mr. Arthur (in structed bv Mr. J. K. O. Smith) appeared for piaintiff, and Mr. Mann (instructed by Messr. Smith and M'Eacham) for de fendants. ' Mr. Mann stated that Dr. Skey was a naval officer, and as he was to re- iui-/. to England on 19th October hp de sired that the action should he tried as soon as possible. The defence was that plaintiff was employed as domestic from week to week, aiql her services were pro perly determined by a week's notice. In the alternative, if her services were not to be so determined, they were determined by her unfitness. Tt was agreed that the en dorsement on the writ should stand for a statement of the claim, defence, inter rogatories and discovery, and his Honor fixed 14th October as the date for the hearing of the trial. At Hie last sitting of the Criminal Court on 3rd September Ernest Hill and Thomas JlarsliaU were charged with having as saulted George Martm and stolen certain money/and on a second count they were charged with hnving received the money knowing it to have 'been stolen. The hear ing was before Mr. Justice a'Beckett and a jury of twelve. It appeared from the evidence that on the day of the alleged robbery Hill and Martin had been drinking and gambling together. In the evening tliey left an hotel in South Yarra, at which -Hill was staying, intending to drive to Kcw and hack ui a hansom cab, Tliey had agreed with Jfarshall, the driver, to pay him £1 for driving them. They drove in the direction of Kern, and. according to Martin's evidence, Hill, while iu the cab, seized him by the throat, said something about paying the fare, and Martin in alarm put his hand through tlie top of the cab and handed a £10 note to Jlarsliall. He then left t he cab, and tlie others drove on. The view presented to the jury 'by the prosecution was that by an act of violence in the cab committed by Hill, in concert with Jfarshall, Martin was frightened into giving up his money to (Marshall, which was appropriated by -Hill and Marshall, and that robbery in company was thus effected. After an hour's retirement the jury found both accused guilty of larceny. The ques tion now come before the Stale Full Court, consisting of the Chief Justice. Mr. Jus tice a'Beckett and Mr. Justice Hood, when (heir Honors were asked to answer the fol lowing question:— 'Assuming that there was evidence to justify the conclusion of- fact at which the jury arrived, should the con viction of larceny be sustained against both or either of the accused, having regard to the nature of tlie charges laid by the pre sentment? Mr. Jacobs (instructed by Mr. Ridgeway) appeared 'for Hill; Mr. Nolan (instruoted by Mr. C. I. Lowe) for Mar- shall in support of the appeal, and' Jfr. Leon (instructed by the Crown Solicitor) to show cause why the conviction should stand. The Chief Justice, in delivering the judgment of the court, said that their Honors were of opinion that the convic tion was erroneous and bad. The bank note was handed to Marshall, and if he was not guilty, then HiH was not guilty. The men were charged with robbery in company, but the jury found both guilty of larceny, and the question was whether such a conviction could stand? Larceny was (the taking possession of a chattel from the custody of ita true owner with intent to steal tlie article. For the purposes of larceny the taking possession of the chattel must be afrainst the wilt of the owner, and therefore if the owner himself gave up po6- eossion of his goods or money to the other party that wns not a taking which amounted to larccnv. The conviction for larceny therefore failed, and the convic tions would be quashed. The annual meeting of contributors to the Hospital Saturday and Sunday Fund was held yesterday at the Town Hall, un der the presidency of tlie Lord Mayor (Cr. Bore ton). The attendance was practically limited to members of the committee. The chairman, in moving the adoption of the report and balance sheet, commented, upon the fnet that the aggregate amount1' con tributed on the last two days- of -the col lection and thereafter excceije that - of the 1907 collections by £464. The contri- 'butiona to the Saturday fund were £687 in excess of the amount received in the previous year, the increase being diio to tlic Shiicfilcton lecture ou Antarctic ex ploration, which realised over £407, and tlic increasing popularity of the systematic method of collection, lie urged the wider application of tho latter method, and re marked that while employes could make it a habit to set aside a small sum per week, without inconvenience, it resulted in tho accumulation of a large sum at the end of the year. T'hc efforts of ministers of reli gion and the police were keenly appre ciated. The report was unanimously adopted; the committee, which, witli one addendum, was the same as on tlic pre vious year, was appointed, on tlie motion of Mr. JV. E. Adcock and the Rev. Father Quilter, and it was. decided that the funds contributed during the current month be distributed amongst tlie same medical charities as benefited on tlic lust occasion, with tlie exception of one institution, which had ceased to operate. Lilly Carmichael last night, opened a nautical fair, which is lo extend over four rlaye, in the Salvation Army Temple, Bourke-street. The fete is being held in aid of the army's social and missionary enterprises throughout the world, and in the course of a brief address to tlie crowd ed audience at tho inaugural ceremony, her Excellency expressed Jicr appreciation of the results which were attending the ex pansion of tlie Salvation Army's work in all fiarts of tlie globe. Colonel Birkensliaw presided, and a squad of naval cadets con stituted a guard of honor. A feature of t'hc fete, which is picturesquely arranged, is the novel design of the stalls, these be ing constructed lo resemble a fleet of vachts in full sail. A musical programme lins been arranged for each evening. Mrtsrs. Brandt Bros, announce by advertisement that tliey will hold a free public ccoking demon, stralion with kerosene stoves at tlieir lamp ware house, Klizabcfli-atreet, opposite U.l'.O., tliis otternooTi. A special train will leave Spencer-street as adver tised, , to-morrow, at 2 p.m., tor the South-slrect competitions, now being held at Balluvat. Tickets are available for return for a month, and may be obtained at Allan's music warehouse, Collins- ! street. It is notified in our columns that Mrs. G. Gladys Oeoiey, spiritualistic missionary, at present in Melbourne under engagement to tlic Victorian As sociation of Spiritualists, is still indisposed. Site therefore will not be able to fulfil any public or private engagements during tlic week. iler ad visers have onlercd complete rest for a few days. It is expected that she will lie able to deliver lier second lecture at tho King's 'theatre mxt Sunday evening. 