THE OUTER WORLD. When arrested for begging in London a street singer was found to have 7s 2^d, which he had collected in seven hours. ? ♦ . ? In view of the serious condition of the un employed in the United States^ a demand is about to be made upon Congress for £4,000, 000 for the provision of work. Mr. H. K. Bicknell, of Keempsford Gar dens, Earl's Court, London, Avho was said to have possessed £70,000 in 1897, has appeared in the Bankruptcy Court with £4000 liabi lities and no tangible assets. ♦ * * Contracts for 65,000 tons - of steel r-?ils have been placed with English and Bel gian firms by the Louisville and Nashville Railroad of America, the tenders of the American Steel Trust being too high. * * * Owing to the very small number of aliens now coming to England, the Alien Immigra tion Board sits but rarely in London, and lately it met for the first time for two months. There were but two cases. . ' * * * According to the Panama correspondent of a Jamaica paper, the Canal Commission contemplates stopping work for three month's; It is stated that British employees . are being discharged for refusing to take the oath of allegiance. * * *' -.. During an outbreak of fire at Stadt Schloss, .fotsdam, where the German Crown Prince and Princess are residing, the flames, which were confined to the roof , were quickly g^t under, the Crown Prince assisting the firemen during the operation. * ? * » .'?? One of the present sensations of the trade (says the London 'Drapers' Record') is due to the importation of 'Irish', linen goo4s fr,om the land of the wily Jap. The detail and elaboration of the work ' are alike as tonishing. The prices are even more so. * ♦ ? A licence 'has been obtained from the Postmaster-General, London, for the work ings of an invention called the 'telewriter.' which can be fitted to any telephone, and by means of which one can draw a sketch or write a letter which is instantaneously pro duced a hundred or more miles away. * ? » After arguments lasting eighteen days the Court of Appeal, London, reserved judgment in the record law case of Wyler v. Lewis. The case occupied the courts for fifty- one days in all, and the law costs of the twenty six actions to which the dispute has given rise are estimated at £200,00.6. * * * According to the Paris 'Figaro,' the French Government has decided to set aside plaques of Grand Officer of , the Legion of Eonour and three collars of bpmmanders for the organisers of and the chief exhibitors in the fine arts section of the recent Franco British Exhibition. * ? ? A Danish Arctic expedition has taken pos session of Cape Glacier, in latitude' 83^N.. claiming the adjacent country as territory belonging to Denmark under the name of Frederick VIII. land. It is an appendage of Greenland, and Denmark claims it on the same equity that Great Britain claims all islands to the north of Canada'. * * '?'''* The co-operation of several' managements controlling about one hundred music-halls in London and the provinces is now an accom plished fact. The new condition of affairs will not affect the artistes. It is intended, by those in the amalgamation 'to make ability the passport to the music-hall stage, and to make music-halls yet more attractive than they have been. * » * The first stage of the transfer of warfare to aerial regions would appear to have been reached. While a German galloon flying th^ German flag was sailing 'aloft about 200 yards from the Russo-German frontier 15 .shots were fired at it from Russian terri tory, probably by frontier Cossacks. Nobody was hurt, but one shot struck a sandbag. The balloon got safely back to German soil. * * * A London daily paper reports that stock ings are being sold at 40 guineas a pair. A woman at a London inquest stated that she worked 12 hours daily for from 5s to 5s per week. The pair of stockings, therefore, re presents 140 weeks' wages for this woman (allowing her the maximum salary of 6s r*»r week), or thq wages received for 10,080 hours' toil. ? * ♦ # ... .. ? Mr. T. C. Mills, who runs a factory in Tower Bridge-road, London, a Belf astman by birth, has invented a machine for 'unhnir- ing' rabbitskins. The tedious practice r- dotted up to tho present of plucking the IWrs out with a knife and rubber-covered forefinger is done away with, and ins boa d the sHn, after being run through a special ma chine, comes out .with only the soft fur left'. ?Millions of skins can be dealt with in this way. The French doll, hitherto supreme, is De ing dethroned, according to the National So ciety of Manufacturers. In the dressing of dolls German makers cannot compete. They lack the Parisian knack and chic. But France no longer possesses a single firm for the manufacture of dolls' heads in china. There were five or six left a few years ago. Now there is none, whereas at least ten are flourishing in Germany. Nowadays, accord ingly, all French dolls have Parisian clothes but German faces. ~ * » * On the west const of India is found a species of oyster, Placuna placenta, whose shell consists of a pair of roughly circular plates about six irches in diameter, thin and white. At present these oysters are col lected for the pearls which they often con tain, although few are fit for the use of tho jeweller. But in the early days of English rule in India the shells were employed foi window-panes. Cut into little squares, they produced a very pretty effect, admitting light like frosted glass. When the Bomoay Cathe dral was built at the beginning of the eigh teenth century, its windows were paned with these oyster shells. In-, Goa they are still thus employed. ':. « ? . ? . The composer of 'The Merry Widow' has ?already n-ade £70,000 by this most popular comic opera- A few high-class works, such as 'H.M.S^ 'Pinafore.' 'The Mikado,' 'Tho Geisha,' and 'San; Toy,' have made small fortunes for their composers; and have en j oyed the distinction of 'being performed in v\l languages and in all' kinds of theatres. But 'TheMerrv Widow' has beaten records, not- -only -in Kngbrcl, but also in America, and in Germany, Austria. Holland, and Nor way. The opera of the ex-bandmaster of an Austrian infantry reginient, Herd Franz Lehar, was first produced at the Au d r Wien Theatre, Vienna, on January 3, 1906, and 'one of the directors of that establish ment, Herr Karczag, acknowledged recently that he had already made £41,666 profit by his lucky enterprise. 