THE WEEK AT A GLANCE. LOCAL AND GENERAL October 7. The Periscles, which left London on August 28, has 51 assisted immigrants on board for Brisbane. The Rippingham Grange, which also sailed from London on the same date, lhas 340 immigrants on board, including 248 for Brisbane. The steamer Irish Monarch, which grounded in the channel at TownsviUe on Tuesday, was refloated yesterday, and continued her voyage to India. The Ross River Meat Works closed 'down on Tuesday after running for six months, which is the longest period for some years Dast. Damage to the extent of between £8000 and X 10,000 was caused by a fire at the Central mine, Broken Hill, on Tuesday night, when the store was totally destroy, /cd. Martha Ren dall was hanged in Fre mantle gaol yesterday morning for the murder by slow poisoning of two children belonging to Tlumas Morris. In the action for alleged libel brought by Pet or Bowling (president of the New castle Miners' Federation) against John ILongnniir, the proprietor of the "Mamoi Independent," the jury returned a verdict for plaintiff with one farthing damages. The Postmaster- General, who has been making inquiries regarding telegraphic de- Jays between Melbourne, Sydney, Bris bane, and Perth, says that jnoney has been provided! on the Estimates for the purchase ?f Wheatstone transmitters, and for extra lines from Sydney to Queensland and Brisbane to Toowoomba. In the House of Representatives the debate on the Finance Bill was continued, The State Debts Referendum Bill was passed up to the third reading, and the debate on the second reading of tthe Northern Territory Bill was resumed and further adjourned. The Gisborne Sheep Fanners' Frozen Meat Company made a profit of £29,000 hut year (wired our Wellington corres pondent on Tuesday). The four young men who were missing with the skiff Isis since Sunday, and for whose safety fears were entertained, have returned home. They were carried out to eea during the south-westerly gale, but suc ceeded in Teaching Little Manly yester day. Booroodabin club yesterday defeated Newcastle at bowls by 128 to' 112. The gold yield of New South Wales for €he month of September was 23,423 ounces fine, as compared with 14,305 ounces for September last year. The yield .for the nine months was 160,922 ounces fine, a de crease of 16,942 ounces. The Executive Committee of the Aus tralian National Defence League, having examined the Federal Government's new Defence Bill, has published a memoran dum in which the scheme is severely cri ticised. It is reported that 70,4601b-, or about 31 tons, of margarine, !has been imported into Tasmania this year, and illegally cold as 'butter. News Ihas been received that the Nor wegian steamer Ocean Queen was wrecked at Makatea Island, in the Low Archi pelago, about September 7, but no lives were lost. It is stated in semi- official circles that the next Governor of New Zealand will be Admiral Sir Wilmot Fawke*. The Newcastle bowlers yesterday de feated the East Brisbane Club by 140 to 101. The Hon. R. Philp Iha3 expressed 'hira eelf as pleased with the results of the election. A young man named Sydney Pearce was found on Wednesday night in the back yard of the premises where his family reside at Townsvflle. with a re volver bullet wound through the head, and he died shortly afterwards. The provisional directors of the scheme wlych is being organised by North and Central Queensland pastoralists to put up large export work? held their first meet ing in Sydney, and a meeting is to be Ihekl next Tuesday of all pastoralists own ing stock in Queensland. At Prahran (Melbourne), as a result of a lovers' quarrel, Albert Nelson, a •butcher's assistant, is alleged to have shot at his sweetheart, Florence Sturgess, and then turned the revolver on himself, in flicting a serious wound. Laura Ainsworth, the first Suffragette " hunger striker," at Birmingham, "as been released, and was immediately driven to a nursing home. Newspapers pub lish realistic accounts of her being forcibly fed in prison. Canon David Rcith dropped dead in the pulnit in the middle of a sermon in St. Alpnnge Church, Greenwich. Sir A. Conan. Doyle has published a powerful indictment of Belgian misrule and atrocities in the Congo Free State. Dr. Saumarez Smith, late Archbishop of Sydney, has left an estate valued at '£16,013, w.hich is divided between his children in equal shares. Replying to a question in the House of Commons, Mr. M'Kenna, Frst Lord of the Admiralty, declined to discuss whether the Admiralty would diminish the number of men on the Australian station, or whether they would be replaced by colonials. A firing party detailed to execute the revolutionist, Garcia, at Barcelona, hesi tated, and shot wide twice, whereupon thg lieutenant in command shot Garcia with his revolver. [Vancouver reports that 30 men were im prisoned in a burning colliery at Dnnsmuir, and 14 bodies 'have been recovered. Mr. Knox, United States Secretary of State, suddenly stopped Mr. Crane, the new Minister 'to Pekin, on the eve of his departure, and it is alleged that Mr. Crane '.had lately been too talkative for a diplomatist. Marquis Katsura, Japanese Prime Minis ter, in a speech at the Bankers' Club, at Tokio. $aid the national funds were now on a sound footing, and it was possible to readjust taxation. Funds were available towards the redemption of the national debt, and the salaries of civil servants would be raised. Twenty- five girl workers in. a dynamite factory at Beneveneto, Italy, were terribly injured through a cauldron of boiling phosphorus catching fire. A similar ac cident occurred at Milan, where 15 work men, and passers-by were horribly burned by au explosion of boiling tar. The present dry weather is causing some uneasiness with regard to tlhe coming wheat harvest on the Downs and in West ern areas. An inquiry has been held at E^k into an alleged case of arson, and the evidence forwarded to "headquarters. The -New Zealand Parliament was opened on the 7t?i instant. The Bishop of London stated at the Church (Congress at Swansea that there was nothing unchristian in the common ownership of land and the means of production, but they would make a jolly mess of it. Socialism set class against class. Drink and gambling were the chief causes of the misery that now existed. Bishop Welldon said there was nothing in herently wrong in Socialism, but it was materialistic, and appealed to the worst elements of ''human na ture. The New Zealand exports for the half year ended September 30 were valued at £7,859,233, an increase of £1,833,373 com pared with the corresponding period of 1908. The wheat exported from New Zealand during the half-year ended September 30 was valued at £306,504. The Newcastle bowlers were defeated by the South Brisbane Club yesterday week 'by 138 to 105. Potato 'blight (has been foiind to exist on twelve separate farms in New South Wales, and other places are suspected of having the disease. TJie fiftieth annual prize meeting of the New South Wales Rifle Association was opened on the Randnvick range yesterday. The election for Brighton, the late Six T. Bent's seat, resulted in the return of O. R. Snowiball (Liberal), by a majority of 1600. A nugget weighting nearly 500oz. has been found at Ballarat East. Captain Collins, Commonwealth repre sentative in London, received a deputa tion from the Chamber of Commerce re garding the Australian Patent Act. Counterfeit Bank of iEngland £5 notc-s are reaching England from Russia, whe^e they have been cashed to the amount of £25,000. A remarkable reception was given to the British fleet at the Hudson-Fulton celebra tions at New York and speaking on the occasion, Admiral Koester, the German representative, said that wherever Ger mans and English meet they most closely compete as members of two nations who were equally pushing ahead, but still he believed they would always try to estab lish good relation?. The House of Lords lias made impor tant amendments in the Irish Land Bill, and Mr. Redmond has cabled to the United Irish League that a general elec tion is certain in a few weeks, when the veto cf the Lords will be at stake, and ■vrith their veto will disappear thejast obstacle to Home Rule. He asks .Irish- Americans for prompt and generous .aid. Tasmania lias issued a 3% per cent loan of £300,000, at £96/10/. Mr. Harris, trade commissioner at Yokohama, has been reprimanded by the Canadian Government lor making insinu ations in a letter with regard to Japanese commercial morality. It is stated that the importation of arms into Afghanistan via the Persian Golf has become serious. The Ameer is unsympa thetic towards India, while his brother is actively anti-British, and the Indian authorities are becoming anxious. A prehistoric skeleton, believed to date back 20,000 years, has been found at Dordogne, in France. At the Church Congress at Swansea, an interesting debate on Socialism was initiated 'by the Bishop of Traro, who said Ihe himself belonged to the Christian Socialists, who were not revolutionists, but evolutionists. A leading German newspaper states that the Turkish Minister for Foreign Affairs U visiting the Ozar for the purpose of se curing a political and military understand ing between Russia and Turkey, and con ceding the passage of warships through the Dandanclles. The Canadian Naval Defence BHI is to be one of the first measures introduced in the coining session. The capital expen diture on the construction of cruisers and destroyers will be £4,000,000, and the annual expenditure £600,000. The senior cricket season was opened in Brisbane on Saturday, the principal fea ture being a brilliant innings for 122 by Redgrave. The Caulfield Guineas on Saturday was won by Malt King, with Prince Foate second, and Mala third. At Casino on Saturday, Olive Hinds, aged two years, was burnt to death on her father's farm owing to her clothes catch ing fire from a burning stump. Sir. Philson, third engineer at the C.S.K, Mill, Chihlers, had his arm torn off while oiling machinery. The Rippingham Grange with 346 immi grants on board has arrived at Thursday island. A dtath from heat apoplexy occurred in the Red Sea. The Bishop of North Queensland on Sat ■urday afternoon performed the ceremony of capping the etumps for the erection of a home for the rector in the grounds of St. Michael and All Angels' Church, New Farm. The ceremony of capping the stumps of a Sunday School and Parish Hall in con nection with St. Andrew's Anglican Olmrch, South Brisbane, took place on Sat urday afternoon, those present including the Arohbishioi) of Brisbane. At the Sandgate Jockey Club's races on Saturday the Jockey Club Handicap was wen by My Comrade, wifih Pathfinder second, and Splendid third. At the A.J.€. Spring Meeting on Saturday the Randwiok Plate -was won by Trafalgar. Lord Nolan was second, and Vavasor third. The Rugby Union Premiership was wo;i on Saturday by the Valley Chrb, who de feated Christian Brothers by 25 to n:i. At the Bundaberg Rowing Clubs re gatta on Saturday the Wide (Bay Oub won the Chumpion Fours of Queensland W M. Oallaghan won the champion sculls. The Richmond, Louth, and Clarence dis tricts are to be declared infected with Irish Wight. The selling wool brokers have agreed tl.it the -wool sales shall be carried on under the presont conditions during the whole of tihe current season. Sequarious, winner of the Grantham {stakes, has been purchased by Mr. Barney Allen, of Melbourne, for 1500 guineas. The Newcastle miners, at a large meet ing, carried a resolution that in view of the hostile altitude of the colliery pro prietors in refusing to remedy grievances, the miners of the -Northern and Southern districts and the waterside workers affirm the desirableness of defending their rights. Through the explosion of an oil engine the woolshed at Amphitheatre station, Cobar (N.S.W.), was destroyed, and 100 sheep in pens were roasted alive. Thos. Allen Young, a well-known con tributor of prose sketches and illustrations under the pen name of " Ishmael," died at Cairns on Saturday from the effects of poison, alleged to have been self-ad ministered. The Victorian amateur sculling champion ship was won on Saturday by P. C Ivens for the eighth time. The first Marathon race in Western Australia was won on Saturday by C. Hildcrbrandt in three hours. The United States are to foe represented in the Davis Cup by M. M'Laughlin and Melvillo H. Long, two young players from the Pacific sloue. Mr. Lloyd-George addressed 4000 electors at Newcastle on the Budget, and met with a great reception. He stated that the Budget was strengthened and improved, and it wa? practically in the form in which it was going to become law. The Government was going to have all the taxes or none- Air. Winston Churchill, speaking at a banquet tendered by the National Liberal Club to Lord Loreburn, declared that the Government feared no conflict, and would make no overtures nor accept any com promise. The Board of Trade returns disclose that a steady downward movement in wages began early in 1908. Over 1,000,000 work people were affected during the first six months of 1900, entailing a reduction of £67,000 weekly. The British. Miners' Federation unani mously favours a uniform minimum wage of 8/ per day. The Irish shipbuilding firm of Messrs. Harland and Wolff, Ltd., contemplate es tablishing shipbuilding yards in Canada. Business in the Cape Colony Parliament is at a standstill, the Government party beinsr torn with dissension. Over £2,000,000 was paid to British workmen in compensation for death and disablement in 1908. Preparations are being made for the Czar's visit to Italy as the Czarina's health is said to be improving. The Empire postal shooting competition was won by the Transvaal with 920, Syd ney being second with 914, and Natal and Melbourne third witJh 904 points. The funds of the Warwick Ambulance Brigade benefited to the extent of £450 as the result of the recent carnival. The Postal Department !have decided to at once erect the via recta telephonic wire between Warwick and Brisbane. Colonel Burston has been re elected Lord Mayor of Melbourne by 14 votes to 12. The Victorian gold yield for the nine months of tin's year amounted to 488,220 ounces gross, a decrease of 31,606 ounces. The Oewestry Grange, from London, berfhed at the Norman wharf on Sunday evening with 356 immigrants on board. The Premier said yesterday tihat he hoped Parliament would meet on Novem ber 2, and that the House would be able to get on with the work which had remained1 in abeyance go lon^ owing to the obstruction of the Opposition. Mr. Kidston also expressed the hope that rtie University Bill would be passed in sufficient time to inaugurate the Uni verrity on Deceiriber 10, which -would be ;<8) one of the most fitting means of marking Queensland's jubilee. A combined (Maryborough team on Mon. day debated the Newcastle ibowlers by 122 to 107. At the N.'S.W. Rifle Association's meet ing at Randwick on Monday the Jubilee Match was won by C. Matthews, of V.c toria, with H. Logan (Narrabri) second. The Rev. C. E. Amos died just as he was about to pronounce the benediction at the conclusion of Sunday night's service at LonguevUle, near Sydney. He was seventy yearj of age. A mob of 5000 sheep were camped near North Bourke on Friday night, and in the morning 340 were found dead. It is supposed they were affected (by lightning. Two men who refused to pay tines im posed by the South Clifton Mining Lodge, and who continued at work while the mine ■was practically laid idle, -were subjected to hostile demonstrations on Monday. The Full Court of Victoria has unani mously Tefused an application 'by the pro rprietora of the iMcJbourne "Age" for a new trial of the libel action brought by Mr. .Swinburne, in which the latter ob tained a verdict for £3250. A fall of red rain has been experienced in Sydney, supposed to have been caused 'by volumes of dust from the interijr. The Uiiited Irish League in America, in response to Mr. Redmond's appeal for fundji for the Irish Parliamentary party, in vdew of the coining general election, has cabled "America will respond generous ly." Four suffragettes have been sentenced tj fourteen days' imprisonment for breaking the -windowa of the Liberal Club at New castle. Lady Constance Lyttelton has been ar rested for breaking the 'barrier in the Palace Theatre at Newcastle "with a hotchet, on the occasion of Mr. Lloyd- George s meeting. Sir C. Lucas, the Colonial Office official •who recently visited Australia and New Zealand, has been interviewed on his re turn to London, and said he Avas greatly struck Iby the obvious de3ire of the Go vernments and peoples of the Common wealth and the Dominion to co-optxate with the mother country in matters of common interest. Lord Northcliffe, of the Harmsworth firm, has erected paper mills at Grand Falls, Newfoundland, at a cost of £1,200,000. Bu Haniara, the captured Moorish Pre tender, has been put to death by being thrown into a garden where three hungry lions were kept, the spectacle being watched by the Sultan and his Court from the palace windows. ■Lieutenant Shackleton lias lectured be fore the Danish Geographical Society, in the presence of Queen Alexandra, and was awarded, the society's gold medal. A " flying fortnight" is proceeding at Juvisy, near Pans, in which the leading aviators are taking part, and the crowds are so great that the train service broke down, and 20,000 people stormed the rail way station. A sensational discovery of naphtha has been made at Kuban, in Russia, and the ignorance of the workmen resulted in a fire, which took 200 men ten days to ex tinguish. The Young Socialists in Sweden, in a desire for revenge, sent two bombs through the post at Stockholm, and M. Hammar, manager of the Swedish Export Association, had three of his fingers blown off. The entire output of the Bingera sugar plantation for the season ihas been soid to the Millaquin Company. On Monday last there arrived in Bris bane eleven Victorians, the advance guard of 153 families who have agreed to take up land in ithe Moonee Valley country, ant from Dolby. Speaking at a banquet the other day Sir Joseph Ward said the position in New Zealand -was decidedly improving, and they were on the eve of renewed prosperity for some years. TUESDAY. October 12. Sir William MacGregor, Governor of Queensland, is expected to reach (Brisbane about DecenVber 2. The second Anglican Synod for the [Province of Queensland was opened in Brisbane yesterday. It is reported at Thursday Island that Lord Kitchener will arrwe there on De cember 7, and HjMvS. Encounter will meet him and convey him South. The Prime Minister stated yesterday •that the Federal Government's attitude regarding the Finance Bill was unchanged, and they had not moved from their original position, A terrible accident occurred in the Otira tunnel on the Midland railway at the South Inland. Dick (the shift boss) being killed and three men injured. They lighted the fuse, but remained too long. The death is announced, at the age o£ 01 years, of Edward M. Williams, who translated the treaty of Waitangi into Maori, and witnessed its signature. The strike at the South Clifton Colliery ie not yet settled. The two men against whom hostile demonstrations -were made on Monday did not go to work yesterday, and consequently matters were quiet. In the House of Representatives yester day the Prime Minister formally moved the second reading of the Finance Bill. Messrs. Fisher, Mahon, and Webster spoke, and the second reading was agreed to on the voices. A Bill to enable the Government to control submarine cables and wireless telegraphy installations in case of emergency was passed through committee. Twelve per cent of tlie old age pensions granted in County Mayo (have been dis allowed 'by the Local Government Board, and the discontinuance of many pensions in other districts in Ireland is also noti fied. Through a collision with a trarncar in Manchester, live (persons were thrown from a n>otor car, and three were kiHed. Three more suffragettes at Newcastle Shave been sentenced to, a month's hard labour, and two to fourteen days, for -win dow breaking. Lady Lytton and another were given the option of being bound over, or a month's imprisonment, and chose the latter. The (London "Financial Times" gays tne passing of the Australian Debt Consolida tion Bill is a matter for congratulation all round, on grounds of patriotism and Imperial unity, as well as for its sound financial .principles. Mrs. 'Leigh, one of 4Jie recently im prisoned suffragette hunger strikers* (has commenced a civil suit against (Mr. Her bert Gladstone, Home Secretary, and the Governor and doctor of tihe Binniugham Prison, for forcibly feeding her. The British Admiralty has formed a mobilisation deportment, wibh. 'Rear-Ad miral King Hall as Director of Mobilisa tion. Senator Elkins announces Ihis intention to introduce in -the American Congress Bill to reduce by 5 per cent the duties atr merchandise imported in American ships. America and Great Britain have re newed the modus vivendi regarding the Newfoundland iflsfwrie* until 'the pro ceedings before the Hague Arbitration Tribunal have terminated. Eleven "hundred employees at Hamburg have been dismissed owing to the new tobacco duty, and other dismissals are .pending. The Westfalen, Germany's first Dread nought, has made a successful trial trip, developing a speed of 20 knots, witto 24,000 horee- power, which is considerably above tfne contract stipulations. The 'Newcastle Bowleis on Tuesday de feated Gympie by 117 to 109. Active steps are now being taken to raise the amount necessary to complete the Fallen Soldiers' Memorial Fund. A meeting was held at the United Service Institute on Wednesday with regard to tilie naval and military display to be held in Brisbane on November 13, and an executive committee was appointed which will meet next Monday. Throughout the State similar movements are to be carried out witli the co-operation of the municipal authorities, and among places which hav^ already signified their intention, of as™ eisting the Memorial Fund are Toowoora ba, Warwick, Roma, Rockhampton, Townsville* Charters Towers, Bundabcrg, Allora, and Dalby. It is the earnest hope of the promoters that with the cordial assistance of the .public the necessary funds will be forthcoming. 