INTERCOLONIAL. PORT DARiWIN. May SO. Tie steamer Chanjgeha arrived from the south on' Saturday. Where wre 26 passengers for the Nortlierji Terri tory, .the largest numfber recorded for several years in one vessel. The great majority of the arrivals were practical Queensland misers, on their way to .the Umbrawarrft tin-flelds. Sev eral possessed means, and state their Intention to go proa pectin® if UmbWJW arra Is not up to expectations. Alt though tie field is now oVar-manned, the latest reporta are to tiLe effect that eome cklm-holdere are obtaining good tin on the flat, some distance away from the creek bed. Htue steamer Walhol, which recent ly sprang a leak, was abandoned In the Roper River, and was subsequently purchased from the Insurance com pany by the former owners at a nom inal figure, has been refloated. She Is onaliored la the Roper River, and will probably shortly be towed to Port Darwin for overhaul and repair. The police have just reoelyed in formation of the supposed 'death of Well Laurent*, a well-known resident Lauren tz was a Danish se&TO;&n;, and left Bowen Straits In a small sailing boat In November, with the Intention of making Us way to Cooper's Camp, on Melville Island. Some blacks re port diavlng seen him at Oape Don, where he put in for a supply of water. Nothing has since been beard of Laur en tz or the boat., : 6YDNBY, June 7. ; A disgraceful scene occurred at a football match at Broken Hill, the bar racking was flense and the crowd even tually rusbed the ground and a general melee followed, many blows being ex changed. air. Allan Gee, referring to the cab let advice as to the operations of die j Chicago Meat Trust, sajb it baa lonp j been k&ows; in the trade that the New York Trust was trying to buy up the AflgenUne meat concern*. He had not j heard anything, however, about any attempt to extend the operations of the j combine to Australasia. A plebiscite to determine whether the Amalgamated Miners' Association should become a political body, closed on Friday night 60 far as figures are available the majority of the members of the Ballarat Branch of the Assoc- I iatlon would appear to be In lavour of affiliation with the Political Labour League. The voting Is 335 for, and 276 against The votes to come in "t Is thought, will swell the affirmatives. A contrast has been entered into for the enlargement of the A.M.P. Buill lngs in Pitt Street All extension of 60 teet Is to be made to the preseat frontage, and the building wlU be rais ed to a uniform height of % stories. The contract price is ££2,770. The Anglican bishops of N.8.W. have unanimously confirmed the election of Archdeacon Wright of Manchester as Archbishop of Sydney. A talegraphlo cheep match between i New South Wales and Victoria to-day, resulted in New South Wales winning games, and Victoria 8V4- Two games are yet to be adjudicated. BUI Bqulres has apparently decided to quit the prite ring, as his name ip pettrs on a list of applicants for land on the Peel River, in the TVmworth district. MBLBOUKJJB, June 7. Application has been made by Mr. A. W. Smart, the Victorian Collector of Customs to extend his furlough. This Is considered as a preliminary to his deflnlts retirement The Post Master General Intends to make an exhaustive examination cf the case for and against the new tele phone charges. ADKT.AIDS, June 6. Walter Preedy denlas that be said In West Australia as previously reported that an undesirable class of immi grants was being brought out for Bris bane. He said it would do neither hint nor the State he represented any good to pass haphazard criticisms and he had no authorltlve knowledge on the matter, . ADELAIDE, June 7. There will be an eclipse of the sun In January neX. Referring to this event the newly-appointed Government Astronomer for the State, Mr. Dodwell, said that some time ago he received a letter from Major HU1S, secretary of the permanent eclipse oommittee cf Great Britain, otTering the loan of spec ial instruments, to be used for obser vation of the eclipse. A party of Aus tralian astronomers 1b being, organised under the leadership of the Government Astronomer of Vic toria, Mr. Baraccbi. This ex pedition will proceed to Port Davoy In south-west Tasmania, where the most favorable conditions for observation will prevail. HOBART, June 7. The Liberals and Conservatives In the State Parliament will meet at the request of Ministers, to consider whe ther a fusion of those parties can Le brought about as against the Labour Party. AUCKLAND, June 7. The licenses of the Wellington hotels were renewed on Saturday. Ten o'clock was fixed as the closing tour. At Auckland 14 hotelkeepen are being cited to show cause Why their licenses should not be oanoelled, Mr. Mbssey states It Is quite unne cessary for Sir Joseph Whrd to attend the Imperial Defence Conference es recent despatches show the Conference is not going to be nearly as Important is they, were at first led to wuteratuC. In any case the session should be al lowed to proceed even,If Mr. Ward goes Parliament *111 meet Informally to morrow to discuss the question. The session begins on Thursday. ?WELLINGTON, Juno 7. Considerable trouble was caused hf a local committee granting a number of licenses In a portion of North Island Imown as King Country, formerly sola ly lnhatoltated by Maoris, and now carrying a considerable native popula tion. - Ttie prohibition parts* will make every legal effort to upset the de cision of the Licensing Committee. The Dunedln Committee decided to reduce the number of licenses by ten. The House of Representatives mot Informally to-day to consider the ques tion of Sir J. Ward going to England to attend the Imperial Naval Confer-' ence. The House of Representatives agreed Unit Sir 3. Ward should represent the Dominion at the Imperial Conference. The opposition proposed that the busi ness of the session should be postponed | till his return at the end of September. I 