GENERAL CABLE NEWS. LONDON, May 27. A sudden storm in the Bay of Biscay sur prised a Spanish fisliias fleet yesterday/. and many of the boats wore swamped. A hundred fishermen were drowned. The- creditors of Messrs. Wilier & Riley, provision merchants, of Tooley- street. Lon don, who last year went into liquidation owing to the losses sustained through the frauds perpetrated by M. Ajberti, Danish Minister of Justice, have received divi dends amounting to 17/6 in the pound. The liquidator announces -that the creditors are certain to receive the full 20/, and probably the assets will allow the payment of soma shillings to preference shareholders. Mr. John Burns, President of the Local Government Board, has introduced into the House of Commons a Bill for the registra tion and inspection of dairies and the ex amination of dairy cows. The regulations under the measure are of a drastic charac ter. The Russian authorities have made 150 arrests in connection with a series of rail way robberies, extending over three years, and involving a loss of £2,500,000. An ex traordinary system of fraud lias been re vealed, a feature of it being the organisa tion of an intelligence department to facili May 28. During a fireworks display in the Medi terranean island of Sardinia yesterday a sky bomb exploded, blowing off the heads of two of the spectators. Forty others were1 seriously injured, and several amputa tions were performed. The pyrotechnist was arrested. Mr. Andrew; Carnegie has offered to France a gift of £200,000 for the endowment of a hero trust fund similar to the English and American funds. The funds are for the benefit of those who are injured in heroic effort to save human life and to provide for their families in case of death. The English fund of £250,000 received the King's approval last year. The six firms which comprise the Chicago Meat Trust have aeain raised nrices bv lid. to 2d. per 1b. Lamb chops now cost 1/5J per lb. Many small' retailers are closing their shops, the poorest classes being unable to buy meat owing to the high prices ru'iing. At the Bow-street Police Court yester day Francis Reginald King and Bernard Roberts, alias 'D. Stanley Windell,' were committed for trial on a charge of having conjointly perpetrated frauds involving the London and South-Westeru Bank in Sep alleged to have forged the advice notes : with which 'Windell' obtained £280 from; ; each of eight branches of the bank. j Sir John Colomb, late Conservative)1 member for Great Yarmouth, and the author of many publications on Imperial affairs, died yesterday at the age of 71 years. Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, who lately re turned from abroad considerably im proved in health, visited yesterday his friend, Mr. Jesse Collings, who is also recovering from a serious illness. Mr. Chamberlain has sat for Birmingham West since 187G, and Mr. Collings for the Bordesley division of Birmingham since 18S6. The strike of seamen at Marseilles has detained 43 vessels and 3,500 passengers in the harbor. The men demand a weekly day of rest, and the exclusion of colored men from the Messageries Maritinies boats. A total of £800,000 has been sub scribed towards the New South Wales loan that they will have no difficulty in placing the balance. May 29. Sixty-two members of the British Labor Party, including 27 members of the House of Commons, have started on a visit to Germany, the object of which is to pro duce a better feeling in regard to naval matters between Great Britain and Ger many, and to cement the friendship be twfen the two countries. The Court of Criminal Appeal has quashed the conviction of Joseph Stoddart. who in February last was sentenced by tho Central Criminal Court to 18 months' im prisonment on a charge of conspiring with other persons by false pretences to obtain valuable securities and sums of money from people competing for prizes advertised in the 'Football Record,' the 'Racing Re cord,' and 'Football Sport.' The evidence showed that Stoddart had netted nearly £200,000 by these prize competitions, wbic'i were conducted by means of the circulation of coupons. The sentence in the Central Criminal Court case was quashed, on the ground that the judge had misdirected the The Moslems in Adana, wnicn was me principal scene of the late massacre of j Christians, in Syria, are resenting the re- I stitution of Armenian property, decreed | from Constantinople., and the employment j of more trustworthy troops will be neces sary if the search for stolen property is 4-^\ 1t/i ciifinnccflil The Australasian delegates to the Impe rial Press Conference arrived at Liverpool yesterday. Tbe gathering will be held at the Foreign Omce, and ttie proceedings will be opened on June 7. King Edward has given the sum of £2,000 to the Church of Scotland. 'xhe revenue from the Suez Canal during tbe past twelve months is £345,102 less flian in 10(17. Tlifi exnendit.iire shows an increase of £50,815. The usual dividend at the rate of 58 per cent., however, has been declared. The French mails timed for dispatck to Australia by the Messageries Maritimes liner Orenoque will be forwarded by tha P. & O. steamer Moldavia, the Orenoque being laid up at Marseilles in consequence of the seamen's strike. The Algerian and Tunisian mails, usually dispatched by the Messageries steamers, are being carried by seven torpedo-boats. May 30. The failure to launch the French Dread nought Danton, 18,300 tons, which struck on the ways at Brest, resisting the combined efforts ol ^several cruisers i to moyejher, has cost the French Qpyterameni no less than £20,000. The. Danton is -the fourth of six battleshps - which have been in course of construction during the past 12 or 18 months. / ' ' . . ' Mr. G. von L. Meyer, Secretary of the Navy in the United States Government; in his 1910-11 Naval Estimates, has made pro vision for an expenditure of £25,000,000, which will include the cost of two Dread noughts. ? Mr. David Henderson, a well-known and wealthy New York resident, who had re cently been suffering from neurasthenia, suddenly went mad yesterday. in a Paris' hotel, in the presence of his wife and three daughters. With a revolver he shot the eldest daughter dead,, and then committed suicide. M. Philippe Roy, formerly Speaker of the Quebec Legislative Assembly, and manager of the defunct Banque de St. Jean, has been sentenced to five years' imprisonment for furnishing false Govern ment returns. Roy. attempted to commit suicide. The will of the late Mr. H. Rogers, the Standard Oil magnate, who left an estate of £12,000,000, provides for a bequest to the widow of £20,000 per annum, and to bis brother's family an income of £80,000 annually. The residue is dividtid between his son and three daughters, who, how ever, will receive none of the principal un til they are 40 years of age. The Board of Education of Great Britain has arranged with the French and Prussian Ministries for an exchange of assistant secondary school teachers. In a lawn tennis match on Saturday, W. Stone, of Melbourne, defeated Wilson, the English champion, the scores being 6—3. 6-3 6—0.. The 'Bankers' Magazine' . states that 387 representative Stock Exchange securities valued at £3,730,559,600 have appreciated to the extent of 136 millions sterling during the last two months. At an early hour this morning four men armed with revolvers entered a Seventh avenue restaurant, close to the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York, and held up a score of persons who were eating their suppers. All the men and women seated at the tables were robbed of their money and jewellery, and the intruders escaped with their plunder. Three of the four masked bandits who recently stopped the Union Pacific express near Omaha, in the American state of Ne braska, and secured registered mailbags, whose contents were ' valued at 150,000 dollars, have been captured. Information which led to the. arrest of the robbers was ! given, by three schoolboys and a teacher, ! who will divide the 20,000 dollars' reward offered by the Union-Pacific Company. The Scotch coalmasters have declined to cancel their demand that the men should accept a reduction in wages of 6d. per day, notwithstanding that the National Federa tion of Great Britain is backing the men. May 31. Tlio American state of Oklahoma has been visited by a series of tornadoes, in volving the loss of 22 lives. A cyclone in the state of Texas killed 30 inhabitants of the village of Zephyr. In the amateur golf championship on Saturday, Robert Maxwell beat Captain Hutchinson at the last hole. Air. Roosevelt, in a letter written prior to his withdrawal from the White House to Dr. Bryce, British Ambassador at Wash ington, which has just been published in America, pays a generous tribute to Sir Horace Plunkett's initiation and successful conduct of the co-operative movement in liish agriculture. The success of the movement, said Mr. Roosevelt, had inspired himself and his fellow-workers with the task of attacking somewhat similar prob lems in American rural life. Captain Boyer, of the MessageriesMari times steamer Duinbea, which left Adelaide on April 24, disappeared overboard when the vessel was passing Corsica, in the Medi terranean. The master had been suffering from neurasthenia after a collision between his vessel and another steamer at Bombay, on May 13. An English naturalist named Dale re ports that the warship Condor, which has been missing since 1901, has been found submerged two miles from the coast near Barclay Sound, in Vancouver Island, Bri tish Columbia. American advices state that a mob, headed by a politician named Pierola, at- 1 tacked the Government Offices at Lima, j the capital of Peru, yesterday. President .Lcguia, who was installed in September last for a period of four years, was con veyed into'' the public square, and an at tempt was made to compel him to resign. He was rescued 'by the Loyalist troops, who fiivH a vnlli»v int.n t.lifi mob. lriliinir dJ) Order has been restored. The Germans are making enquiries re garding the commercial value of the mine rals discovered by Lieutenant Shackleton's expedition in South Victoria 'Land. A firm in Hamburg offers to subscribe largely to any company that may be formed to work the monazite fields if detailed accounts by Lieutenant Shackleton are favorable. The output from the Clyde shipyards for the month ended to-day amounted to 40,5S0 tons, or no less than 28,492 tons above that for May, 1908. New. orders represent 45,000 tons. The French Cabinet Lava decided to suppjy navai seamen to man tne trading steamers lying idle in consequence of the maritime strike. A serious shortage of imported food has 'occurred at Corsica in the Mediterranean, through the discon tinuance of the shipping services. Every member of the King's Colonials and the King's Yeomanry, at present en camped at Colchester, has voluntarily re engaged for service, if necessary, in any part of the world. The cyclone which visited Zephyr, in the American state of Texas yesterday, killing 30 - inhabitants, demolished manw fcousee, schools, and -churches; .^ Tie business Jjuar ter of the town was set -oh fire by lightning and destroyed. Hundreds of the residents took shelter in speciallycon structed storm cellars. So great was the force of the. gale that a couple of children were blown, a distance' of two miles. , Mr. Dennis Samuel^ brother of Mr. Her-, toert Samuel, Under-Secretary to the Home Officer and a member of Samuel & Mon tagu, bankers, of London, committed sui-1 cide yesterday at Leamington by throwing ' himself in front o'f a train. Ho had been suffering from nervous .breakdown, follow ing ah attack of influenza. . '' Two hundred and fifty professional men of Hanover. and other large German towns are. spending Whitsuntide in London. Their vfsit ia a sequel to that of the German editors, arranged some months ago, with a view to. promoting a better understand ing between the leading men of England and Germany. ' June 1. A party of German scientists, under Dr. Elbert, of Berlin, are proceeding to Lom bok and Celebes, in Jdie Dutch East Indies, to study the geological strata and fauna of Those islands, and to enquire as* to where' the continents of Australia and Asia once met. Former expeditions have discovered a strong affinity between ? the fauna of Celebes arid that of Australia. ? The Russian Duma has by a majority of 39 votes adopted a Bill errantinjr full freedom to the Old Believers, a sect which has re pudiated the orthodox ritual and the sacrament, recognised ho priests, avoided all contact with the State, and allowed no prayer for the Czar, who is regarded as antichrist. They represent an intellectual and wealthy population. numbering 15,000,000. A ukase removing all restric tions from the Old Believers was. issued by the Czar in October, 1906. The Scottish coalowners have decided to withdraw from the Coal Conciliation Board and enforce their demands for the men's acceptance of a reduction in wages of 6d. per day. The masters declare that there is no alternative, as the men have rejected a proposal to appoint a neutral chairman on the board. Recent1 prosecutions by the Government authorities in the United States, for viola tions of the Anti-Trust laws, have resulted in the payment into court of fines totalling £1,000,000. The penalties have principally been imposed for unlawful mining upon public land, and for giving, or accepting, secret rebates. Five employes of the Sucar Refinintr Comnanv have been ar rested in connection with recent Customs frauds, but it has been ascertained that their share of the plunder only amounted to £3 weekly. ? Captain Herbert William Duckworth, of the 3rd Battalion of the York and Lancas ter Regiment (known as the Third West York Militia), which, is stationed at Ponte fract, committed suicide in a London hotel yesterday. Disquieting reports have been received in Teheran, the Persufn capital, concerning the advance of the Turkish regular army on Uruniiah. The alleged usurpation by the Russian military officers of the Civil authority in the city of Tabriz, which, after Teheran is the largest centre in Persia, and the strong bold of the Nationalist Party, has led Sata Khan, Bagir Khan, and other Nationalist leaders to take refuge in the Turkish. Con sulate. They applied first at the British Consulate, but were refused admission. Oti Snndav some suffragettes inter rogated the Prime Minister (Mr. Asquith) on the subject of women's suffrage after tho service at Clovelly Church, in the pic turesque Devonshire seaside resort of the same name. Subsequently, although he was under police protection, they way laid Mr. Asquith again as he was engaged in golfing on private links near the same place. ' It is stated that many Christians at Miandoab, in Asia-Minor, have been mass acred, and the Armenians are appealing to the authorities at Constantinople for pro tection. June 2. A sensation has been caused by the High Court at Calcutta acquitting three of the prisoners sentenced in February for com plicity in the Midnapore conspiracy. Dur ing the original trial the leading witness for the prosecution withdrew his depo- | sitions, and the charge against 23 of the j accused was dropped. Three, however, were convicted, and it is their conviction that has now been quashed. In giving judgment the High Court severely censured the police methods in this case, and a rigid enquiry has been opened. The newspapers are devoting much space to interviews with the Australasian press delegates (who have come to England for the purpose of attending the Press Con gress) concerning Australasian politics, trade, agriculture, immigration, and de fence. 