SUMMARY. The King and the Queen will visit Bert ltn next month. (Page 6.) :The damaged steamer Paparoa jetti soned 16,600 eases of butter. (Page 6.)' ' Messrs. Burns, Philp, ami Co. have given a contract for the construction uf a new steamer for their Sydney to Sin gapore service. (Page 6.) Bishop Stonc-Wigg is a passenger to Australia by the Orlona. (Page 6.) Threo hundred and forty-six oil pictures have been exhibited at the Royal Aca-' demy in place ."of the usual winter exhibi tion of old masters. (Page 6.) Damage estimated at £40,000 lias been, caused by a fire at tho manor of Mr. Huntley- Walker. (Page p..) The late Mr. Charles Murray Oram, ol Wellington, left personalty valued at £32,081. (Page 6.) I'resiacnt Roosevelt denies that -his message suggesting the establishment -.-ot . a secret service was intended to cast re- flections upon Congress. (Ptige 6.) The Emperor William's chaplain on New Year's Day preached from a text selected by His Majesty. (Page 6.) A German has been arrested in connec tion with the sacrilege on the graves of the Danish royal family. (Page 6.) Frantic scenes were witnessed in New York among 200 Cnlahrian and Sicilian immigrants, who had just heard of the earthquake disaster. (Page 6.) Thn dismissal of Yttan-Shili-Kai was the result of a powerful attempt on; the I art of the Manehtts lo '.regain political ascendency. (Page. 6.') , . The prospects of an understanding be tween the Porte and Bulgaria, regarding the. lattcr's declaration of independence; are considered to be more hopeful. (Page1 0-J ' ' .' . A speech, delivered by tho Servian Minis ter for Foreign Affairs, in Parliament, has provoked general resentment , in : Austria. (Pago 6.) King Emmanuel and kite , Government of Italy have .'determined that Messina shall lie rebuilt. (Page B.) An entire family was released from the ruins at Messina on Monday. 1 They had- been imprisoned since the earthquake, but were almost uninjured. (Page 6.) Some of the survivors from lite earth quake were rescued alive from among the ruins of Reggio' on Monday. (Page 6.) Preparations arc being made at Mary borough for the approaching visit ' of Ihe Federal Prime Minister. (Page 0.) A fire broke out in"' Ihe .Toowoomha, Tbivn Hall last, night during tlie -.. pro- gress of an. entertainment, and consider-, alile damage was done. (Pago 9!) The death is announced ot Mr. George Lauri. tho well known comedian. (Page S.) At Newcastle, New Sou III Wales, Albert Leslie Handle shot his wife, and then committed suicide, kl'nge 8.) Fifteen bluejackets from Hie crttissr. Encounter were drowned in Sydney Har bour yesterday, through a collision be tween a collier and the pinnace in which- they were bring conveyed from the. war ship lo Mrs. Macquaric's chair. (Pane 7.)-' A public fund, for Hut relief of the: sufferers by the earthquake, was opened1 at. a meeting at the Town Hall, Bris-i banc, yesterday. (Page 5.) . ' The annual 'conference . of the jQueetis-: land Teachers' Union began vcstcrdajv (Page 3.) . .' i Yi'orangpilly Shire (.'otineil met. vestcr-i day afternoon. (Page 5.) The cricket mutch between New South Wales aud .Queensland was not conclude vesterdav, slumps being drawn' on . ncy count of rain. (Page 8.) ; 