NOTES AND NEWS. Casino Town Clerk. Applications are called for the position of Town Clerk for the Municipality of Casino at a salary of £208 per annum. AH applications roust be sent to the Mnvor (Mr. E. M. Geikie) on or before Tuesday, 23rd instant. Benefit Basket Social. A basket social will be held at the Tatham Hall on Friday next, 12th instant, in aid of the widow and family of the late Mr. H. Dunman. Double tickets 3s, single 2s. We hope that the efforts of the hon. sees, and committee may be rewarded as they deserve, and that a nice sum will bo available for the laudable object. Light Horse Competitions. The new conditions for the Prince of Wales and Hutton trophies have recently I been issued. There are competitions for riding and shooting amongst the Light Horse regiments throughout Australia, The preliminary competitions to determine the best team to represent the State will be carried out by the District Command ants, a single judge visiting each team. The final competition wi'l take place at Albury in August. No expense will be in curred by. the council, except for the final'' competition, and then, to the extent only that the funds specially provided for the purpose admit. It is found the minimum cost for the Interstate teams will be £785, and tbe maximum £1100, while the annual ' grant from tbe Government only amounts to £200. Election of Mayor to-morrow night. Ladies' Swimming Club social to night," at the Masonic Hall. Ladios' cricket match Grafton v. Ca sino; this afternoon, on Carrington Park. The Grafton Light Horse cleared £71 5s 8d by their recent military tournament. A special seaside excursion train will run to Byron Bay to-day, leaving Casino at 1.10 p.m. The Californian House has postponed its action on the Bill relating to Japanese school children. Old standing sores, skin troubles, eczema etc., can be positively cured by nsingd CuBhion's Irish Ointment. Price Is tin. : It is believed that Japan has notified America that school segregation legislation is the most offensive of all the proposed measures. Persons fire cautioned against using the yards on the Town Common without per mission, as offenders will he summoned in future. Alderman P. Street has been re-elected Mayor of Murwilluinbah unopposed. This will be the fifth time he has occupied the chair. Mr. E. G. Gulley has commenced busi ness as a land agent and auctioneer in Ca sino, in premises near McKerihan Brbs. His advertisement appears in this issue. Sheaking at Greenbushes. (W.A.), Mr. Frazer M.H.R., member of the Labor Party, said that the Fisher Government will be challenged immediately the House met. The general atorekeeping business carried on by Mr. J. Leonard, South Casino, has been purchased by R. A. Thomas, of Broad water, who assumes control on 1st March. Another outbreak of ticks has occurred on four farms at Dungay Creek, on the Tweed. It is strange that in each case only one tick was discovered. The outbreak has caused much uneasiness. The Courier is posted to any part of the district for 3s 6d per quarter in ad vance, or 4s booked. Commence any time — the sooner the better for you. Tbe following .land is reserved -from sale for preservation and growth of timber : — Land district of Casino, and Kyogle Shire, No. 43,540, county Buller, parish of Pocu- par, containing an area of about 4000 acre3 Mr. Perry says there is a magin of from 10s to 12s in value between the best Danish, and Australian butters. -He believes it is possible that the difference will be over-, come. He thinks the cheese-making indus try will eventually supersede dairying pro per. The following land has been set apart for a.c.p., c.l., a.c.p.l„ a.h.s., or s.l., and will be available on 4th March, 1909 Land district of Casino, and Kyogle Shire, at 15s per acre. Partly within resumed area No. 715, county Rous, parishes of Langwell and Queebun, containing an . area of about 900 acres. Alderman J . R. Spinks has been unani mously re-elected Mayor of Lismore. Coun cillor Lattnnore has been 'elected President of the Orara Shire Council. Councillor Campbell has been re-elected president of Woodburq Shire Council. Councillor McDonald was unanimously elected : presi dent ef Gundurimba Shire 'Council, and Cr. Whipps, president of Tintenbar ijljire. The following regulation is now in opera tion : — - An Inspector may order such stock to be dipped, sprayed, smeared, disinfected, vaccinated, inoculated, or otherwise jreated under his supervision and to his atisfacr tion as oftefy as he considers qecesqary whilst the stock are being travelled to iheip destination or after the arrival of tbe stock at their destination, Mr. Smalley, Washington correspondent of the "Times "states that "the U.S. Gov ernment at Washington is seriously con cerned at the situation on the Pacific coast and other States joining California in the anti-Asiatic crusade. It is feared that un less the National Legislature earnestly deals with Asiatic immigration, these State Legis latures will continue'the irritating tactics, and arouse Japanese resentment,. The return visit of Messrs. H: A/ Barra- clongh, Ltd., the well-known opticians and sight-testing specialists of 385 George- street, Sydney, will be at the Commercial Hotel, Casino, on February 18th, from 1 to 6 p.m., and on the 19th February from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., and at Quain's Hotel, Kyogle, on February 20th, from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. for consultation on all cases of defective vision, eye-strain, failing sight, or any vis ual difficulty needing correctly adapted spectacles 