A Big Reservoir. OK THE MlfKJiUMBlDGKE IlIVEIt Th© idea that Australia lacks sufficient water has prevented . many from emigrating to the States constituting the Commonwealth. But the unbelief, if not entirely mistaken, is, at least, incomplete. The island continent has an ample rainfall over the greater portion of its area; what it occasionally suffers from is the epasmodic character and distribution of its available water supplies. "To have perhaps ten inches of rain one year and forty the next .is not conducive to profitable agriculture. To have three years ^drought followed by a flood that turns the parched runs into lakes may mean ruin to the sheep (farmer. To have great rivers ffihrunken one month to strings of ^evil smelling waterhoies, and the next month raging torrents that 8weep everything away within coheir reach is subversive of security sanitation, and sometimes even of communication. These 'things, rather than any real lack \- of water, are what have gained Australia the reputation of being frequently a dry and thirsty land. But this objection is being over- 'eome by the great engineering * schemes which practically all the local Australian Governments have in hand. Of thece schemes ane of the largest and most wonderful is that which New South Wdles has undertaken with a view iito regulate the flow of the Murjirumfeidgee River. 'The school books used to say fthat Australia possessed no great ^rivers. SDhey were wrong. The Murrumbjdgee alone is 1350 miles 'long from its source to where, 400 i miles from the sea, it becomes a ^tributary of the Murray. From i source to sea, it is longer than the Danube. Moreover, the first 13S0 vmiles is entirely in New South "•Wales. These facts will give some r idea of the vast region-affected by & ie water's flow- They also indicate .the immensity of the problems with •wfaieh the State is faced in dealing with the stream. The iMumimbidgee rises 5000 feet up in the Australian Alps, which -^occupy the extreme southern section of New South Wales near the •township of Kiamdra, and about ;80 miles from the coast The river's source is thus almost within sight of the Pacific Ocean, upon -which, however, it turns its back, to plunge inwards and northwards • down the steep mountain sides through snow and ice. For here is another disillusionment. One often hears tt said that in Australia there is no snow. But in this elevated region patches of it remain unmeited throughout the summer, whilst the Scotch shepherds employed in the upland valleys and plains will testify that the winters are as long and sever© as on the Grampians or the Lammermoors. This Snow Country, as it is called, sends the Murrumbidgee down to the lower levels as a leaping mountain torrent. It becomes more sedate wher, at a point less than 200 miles from its source, it has descended 2500 feet. From there it flows, when full, through 400 to 500 miles of elevated country, having one of the finest climates in Australia, and rich in possibilities for pasture and agriculture, if only an assured water supply could be depended upon. It is chiefly to make certain of this that the new works have been undertaken. At a place called Barren Jack not very far from Yass, where the Tiver may be said to leave the higher mountain ranges, an immense dam is being constiucttd at a cost which, before it is fin- ished, will probably reach close upon one million. This dam which is to be 200 feet high, will intersect a narrow glen cut by the river itself through the granite rocks of which its sides consist. Behind this the flood waters will be held back for a distance of forty miles on the Murrumbidgee and for lesser, but still considerable distances on the two important tributaries which join it in the rear of the dam. An idea of the size of the new lake which will thus be formed can be gathered trom the fact that it will, when filled, contain almost twice as much water as Sydney Harbor, which is itself several times larger than Plymouth Sound. There is little doubt that in the near future fhe otherwise picturesque locality in which the great reservoir is located will become one of the beauty spots of Australia, as well as a health resort for Colonials enervated by the summer heat of the coastal cities. These things are of direct interest to the prospective emigrant to the New South Wales Highlands, but the question of the distribution of the impounded waters is of more importance to him. It will take six to eight years from now to complete the whole project, although partial supplies will no doubt be available earlier. The entire plan is too large to detail here, but it may be said that, when necessary, the lake may be drawn upon to supply lands several hundreds cf miles down the stream, to a point about one hundred miles below Narandera, whilst the region still lower down will probably benefit less directly by the conservation and regulation of the river's flew The area officially irrigated will be served by an elaborate system of weirs, canals, channels, and pipes, which is to cost fully threequarters of a million in addition to the cost of the dam. How far the gigantic scheme will be a financial success depends upon several contingencies, regarding which any reliable forecast is difficult, if not impossible. That, given water, the land is immensely rich, is certain, and the Government will dispose of it, along with water rixhts, on easy terms to desirable immigrants. One difficulty, which will doubtless be overcome, is in the complexity and dimensions of the engineering problems involved in the construction of the system. Another is the question of how far even the immense quantities of water stored will outlast the effects of evaporation over a sequence of dry seasons. Several years without effectual rain might exhaust the lake, and such periods of drought are not unknown in Australia. A third difficulty, arising partly out of the last, is the erratic character of the natural irrigation. In these uplands lasting drought with intermittent cloudbursts might be almost worse for agriculturists than no rain at all. But these contingencies have been oalculated upon, and are being guarded against by the highest possible scientific eneineering, and it seems likely enouerh that another ten years will see the Upper Murrumbidgee Valley filled by a population, supported by the new great lake, rejoicing in a climate as fine as any in the world, and as prosperous a community as any in +be Empire T The islands in and around the Carribbean Sea, includina Cuba, Ha.vti, Santo Domingo, Porto Rico Jamaica, and others of British possession, and the French, Dutch, and Danish possessions, have a total population of about 7,000,000. 