fhE/:CRITIC. Who can undaunted brave the Critic's . rage . > . Or note unmoved his' mention In the Critic's page. . Parade his errors in the public eye, And Mother Grundy's rage -defy ? The wages of fin is net. # . - Money makes the "tear" go. s The wages of wine is "wet." # sk Joint education— Gymnastics. ? . A cookerj club— A rolling pin. T We're never too good to burn. 4? An old frog for a long hop. 3k : ' t A man's will is his wife's will. ' $ The rages of " Kid " are rot, t . # it A striking forehead — The goat's sjs The god of all sports— Bacchus. . Honesty is not the best politics. jfc . A modern composer— Chloroform. 'A: . ? \ A masked hall— A sugar-coated pill.1 AMien the.icc screams it's for lemon aid. " V '>#' A loan sum placed— The pawnbrok er's. 'A good name for a bull-dog— Agrlppa. s(c sk . Many daughters cannot quench love. s:< . sh . The worm that dieth' not— The poli tical. one ,, , . ,, . ' t\i ' > , -There's many a nip from the glass to the lip. ' Great heroisms are often made up of petty euduraucos. ' ih New Soulli "Wales lls whistling gaily. Estimated wheat yield lG,Q(io,000 bushels. " Twcet-wheat." H In the Greek alphabet Pi comes after Kappa, mid at the present time the kopper comes after the pie. i)i i'fi 3k The fireman's toast— The ladies whose eyes kindle the only flame against which there is no insurance. It is quite true tlmt to convert an artless maiden into a heartless one only a "be" is needed. ' - Cabled that nine Turks are to join the Yankee navy for training. The Yankee .hicks will probably frnd their Turkish friends a bit behind. 4s $ 4 Tlie Porte is going to employ Euro- T\ntn "?, Macedonia. This mav bo regarded ns " shcery " news, and likclv to " claret " nil up. $ - Our "Prime Minister" has advised the' local foundries to cease compet ing and each specialise in some line. Ho still- however, retains all rights in cast-iron pig's cheek. £ ."Literary people: IIow to know Mtheni " was the subject of a lecture recently delivered. "Critic" finds the collars of the men and the boots of the women the quickest way. .v( if. costs the Yanks over :£4,000,000" -last year to keep the claws of the liegishitures and civil servants off tho Public Ftiuds. A section of that -secret service corps is badly . needed .here. : : 4: - -I "The "Observer" tells us that the. "Brisbane "girls" badly beat the f Darling Downs ladies" at swim ming- Why these iuvidious dis tinctions? He ' ' . Critic" understands that many well-known " Queon-street experts " are greatly disappointed by tho selec tion of Magistrate Bunking to inves tigate tho liquor laws of neighboring States. si: ife # A Danish Arctic explorer is going to explore New Guinea. Ho will find tlmt instead of putting on alt pos- -siblo clothes, like the Esquimaux, the festive .Papuan— and Pupuane&s;— takes off everything that is possible '—also « good deal that seems impos sible. v '/ ' ;i a . -v.sji . Jl' '"'V ft'.":-- ."v "'v'- Brnzen.'- political impudence; flag rant paradox, and unblushing sophis-. tn' " This is not, as might be sup- poswi. a hack nuniLcr of the "Cornier," on Kills-ton or Pliiip, but n" remark- niiiiresscl by London — Spectator to Unit nallckcd cub "WiiLslou Churclnii. sj: & ' The "Observer" lias exalted piffle to a Jim. art. Heferrinpr to the ut terly uninteresting elections to the ivs-ui'oii Council it rfL'rs to ,L; " blirnuig question of the. dog tnx, pud at Bah! Hills "only the drouerlit-ilroopeil cumphor lenres nn.l tlie limpid gums" were present at tlie nomination. ' Limpitl gums. Of course, the child .was thinking of jujubes, Not .i-miss — A rich and lovely widow,'-- t 'An attack of Wie blues— A raid: by thri/pblicc.%- . . /v ' ; To-morrow — The day . when / idle people work and fools reform, ' - The only: woman who 'approves of a loug engagement— An actress. - sk- - ! A bet on.tlic favorite is worth ten on -the outsider. : -i-i' . He . He He - - Don't look a gift horse % in the mouth— Thoroughly examine . ,- .« sh ;.sie . sic . ; An expensive outfit — A suit for. libel. It's a poor cart that cannot go -be fore tlie horse. . Don't let' the dog— the ungrateful dog — wng. the tail. :'. s.r : # Politician's motto — Climb and back-: slide. '"Wait for no man. H : .+ Those who never look for anything hut trouble rarely meet with a dis appointment. , ' Hs . . A" good housekeeper brings her hus band more wealth than an heiress. . 1 Hr - The caress of a woman whom wc love makes all our cares lighter. Sh . / ; v/'i, . It : isybetter' to have a '.good heart ' than alfgood -head ;-Tbut 't is- best to .have both. :? ; ' - / './ ' .V--' ' Dont misjudge a serious face for a mean one ; remember your fox al ways wears what seems to be a smile. Count Konigsmark, of the German General siStafl.1, says he is greatly pleased with the Indian native troox>8. how what the dickens does he. mean? .- '-V & . /; Several o£ our local niilitaires are leaving for the south this week Jor instruction in "Intelligence." The large majority of them need it badly. Jjt A scientist reports that the mi crobes are holding indignation meet ings against Dr. limn, 'and threaten a deputation to the Government, .- ' ' - . Six cases of opium were found floating off Sydney Heads on Saturday week. Lucky they didn't get into the mouth of the "Beautiful Harbor." . sk . Lady Diffidence and Gelignite ran first and second for the An niversary Handicap. Now most people would exhibit , a diffidence, to heat Gelignite. He # Cabled; that the .Lights Co. of Bio have, evoked demonstrations that have grown into riots. They have probably been attacked by the " Liver Push." \- Hi Sk j A '- ' The 11 Courier " informs its /tlmt a girl nep-r. Chinchilla was attacked by very like a " crib " from tlxe Book of Genesis. # ' Some wowser has .been urging the introduction .of .-tlie .'Bible into the scholastic- curriculum, as .''.classic, lit-; cruture." Why riot give Boccaccio's Decameron a. show in the. same catc- gory ?; He,is among the classics. ; :H. An- 'officlal leaves this week to in vestigate the liquor- laws of neighbor ing/States. /.Ho wlH draw;i'£.2. per day and traveliltig. expenses. "Truth "has a great respect for the official person ally, but: ventures to think that the mission. is, totally unnecessary. 4>... # The report when made .will only dis close trio fact That conditions' In other States differ from those In Queensland. Why not, .appoint -at. travelling Com- riilsslon to Inquire into the marriage laws , of Tlmbuctoo, or Into tHo educa tional system at Cabul? What does it matter to Qucenslanders how things are done in other countries? Cannot wo mind our own business? ik sk- it' would seem that Queensland's crack swimmers are anything but dn enthusiastic -. lot, , seeing/that ,« when they left. to take part in the Sydney coranetitions the other dav. thov nil went overland, instead of paddling round. Why, in his pnlpiy days, "Critic" would have thought/ noth ing of a swim to Sydney and back. A'- '..v., tA' Now York stockbroker named' Poor, 'liari just failed for £1,000; 000 " Critic doesn't know whether to pity -poor 'PAp or to pour his pity on hif.poor cditors. ' Thougli-Poor is gone a million now . Thaii one thing nothing's surer— However poor, poor Poor may be, He'll leave some others poorer. Hr. H ' At the German gathering on Jan- Wiy 16, someone .said that the next festival would be tlie Irish one on Maxvh 17. " Oh, dor Irish," said Bluiwurst, "Dey t'ink dcy cau fight. Veil, dcr odcr day, dot Mick Flanagan he .comes to mine sister's veddin' undt makes a noise. So, mc undt Uncle Ynkey undt Hans l>iukcnspiul undt Uoffineyer, undt mine brudder Yiramy, ve goes to poot him oudt. Undt py cripes, I dell you, ye pooty, hoar, did itT' r The light ot other days— The fat- lainp. . H? H' \- A- wifo s secret — What she thinks of - her ; husband; - .4s ' Tlie rule of three — Living with your wife, mother, and mothcr-in'-Iaw. \- . »1 - . The grievance of the woman of. to day — Many males, few men. Hp - - s? -An idle curiosity— A freak' out of worlc, J , ' m The battle of the' bottle — De ,Wet and Dewar. \- / 'He ' Hp Hp > -The woman who sheds scalding tears must certainly be boiling over. . . , / .Home is not where. we hang our hat, but where a woman greets us. sp 4 H . The fact of the bill of fare being in Frencli .'doesn't prevent the cook from being a Chinaman. " The kids that smear jam on the furniture are only bringing sweets to tlie suite. ' HP $ Be land to all who are old. Tlieir time is short, and they have fought many battles. . - Jk - Hi A man's moral weakness is often shown by the strong language he USDS. ' Hs . H« H The -Queensland political situation has resolved itself into a sordid rush for "situations." H« sjc Dr. Ham's suggestion of a daily bath has caused much discontent in some quarters. Hp hp ip British fishermen catcli 240,000 tons of herring and 8,000,000 cod every year., What is Queensland doing to reap' tlie rich harvest of ."the sea ? Echo answers " What?" _ Hr- The progress of the new police courts on the North Quay is being observed with much critical interest by many gentlemen whose leisure takes them there. Cabled that the British Minister for War has stated that, there arc plenty of troops now available in England to meet an invader. He probably means " as meat for the invader." . The " Observer," in a borrowed article, suggests .that women ought to go to Burmah "to x>ick up a few wrinkles." Any. woman would go to Hades to escape even one. s u HP " "What would you say," said tlie Y.M.O.A. wowser, "if I were to tell you that in a short space of time all the rivers in this country would dry up?" "I would say," said the un believer, "Go thou and do likewise." ; v. .A local authority was discussing the pavement of the main-street with wood. The debate was closed by a wearv member saying : "Put your heads together, gentlemen, and the tiling is done." Hi . Dear Dudley, our Federal Joss, has trouble within his sacred gates. His servants have all gone on strike be cause lie disallowed tlieir washing bills. Now the dirty linen is all being washed in public. HP Jk . Professor - Bragg, "the eminent scientist," patronisingly ordered the Courier " to tell Queensland it was " such a delightful place." Bragg and blow are no ' strangers, and he seems to be as handy with " hot air " as >vith radio-activity. HP HP HP That' appalling devastation: in' Sicily and the south of Italy, by which nearly- 260,000 people lost their lives, may be ranked as one of the world's greatest calamities. A catastrophe of tlus sort is calculated to discourage any nation from per severing with its birth rate. It's simply labor in .vain, Hi Hp Here's another "Observer" par. " That man Wotherspoou is the most worthless fellow I ever had tho mis fortune to meet. " That's strange. I happeit _ to. know that his life Is insured £3000. " several, men were xanang uuout h'ow they happened to marry." So<pointed and telling. And such a " doosid " witty ending. : Hp ' . ' .-The "Courier" last weck came "out' with a couple of columns of German on the occasion of the German, con gress. It lias several times recently broken out in a similar way, "Critic" desires to intimate. to"our "grate day-lie" that a little more time' and trouble spent on improving the Eng lish in its columns would not be out of place. 4s # Appears to> "Critic" 'that the age limit, 17, for 'defendants coming be fore the absurd Children's Court is placed too high. Ileard of a case wlrich recently came before one of the Brisbane Children's Courts, where tho ' " child " defendant, although under 17, was himself the happy (?) father of a bouncing boy. Such cases should not escape press publicity. Tliis shows the abuse that this utter farce has become. > "Chil dren's"- Court 1 What rot.Ij The depressing fact that' we liave 2,000,000 pores in our slrins lias cause# many to "pour in" more. " . . ' '' A - " day-lie " heading h'as 1 dtT—- " Earthquake 'disaster. American - relief.", Hp sk aje. Forward and Bold Boy won ifclie Park double last week. The com- bination seems an inevitable one. / 3k sk Hi iWhat ft dear, unselfish", splendid ' . creature is the good mother! Her, eyes sparkle with a love for. us (thai? rivals all our sweethearts. , ' hp HP . Judging by the way the ' 'delivery, vans have been kept busy moving furniture of late, moving . must ,ibe ,V cheaper tliaa paying rent. . ' ; HP HP HP ' ' Toowoomba cricket item from' tHe " Observer." Two senior fixtures were continued on very sticky; wick- . cts which favored the batsmen."— !J| . ' Sk 3k -i'p Cabled that' one Samuel Harris h'as under " The Prevention of Corruption Act" been awarded a sixer. Thus does the prevention of corruption confer immortality. » HP :k sk ' THc "Ladder" graciously h'a -ex- pressed an opinion that the Immignv- . tion Depot is in good order. He ought to go and sleep there " incog nito," ; . , Hp pfc . HP The squatters complain that' tlrey, pay half the Income Tax. , They do not mention the- fact that they make all ' their income from the people's land. I -'Hp ' Hp .Hp ' - Britisli 'destroyer -Tartar,-' under., ac tive service conditions' aud over a long distance, has just doners knots per hour— say 43 miles; - This ".Tar tar" will take n bit of catching. : : ' . v .. : . " The beaten path is -the safest/'liri / the catch-line of a well-known drink nrl. . in the dailies. Doesn't, soiimi right. "Critic" is ineiincJ to think that the man wlio has a jag on -will find it safer on the grass. At any rate it's softer. " I: presume," said tho Wickhatn- tcrraco lodger' at the conclusion of Ihb little dispute with his landlady, "I presume that you will allow ine to take my belongings away with me?" "I am sorry," was the icy re ply, " that your other collar has not yet come back from the laundry." 8k 3k 3k Cables tell us that S'rorace Tozer has despatched 2334 immigrants to Queensland. Now, wc have an idea who lias been spinning those lovely .';, yarns about the rich squatter 'with' honorable intentions to the servant girls. sk . HP Sir Frederick Borden, Canadian Minister for Defence, says Canada will agrco to contribute to the. in- , stitution ' of the proposed Imperial General Staff. He will lielp to pay for their " Borden " lodging, in short; ; Hp Hi The following isolated par from .the" " Observer " is appended /for .'.'solu tion " The old man merely, glared. A few minutes later there could bo heard the sound of a scratching pen ns he altered his will." A free pass to. the "reception" house is offered as a prize. ... 4-' 3k # ' THAT NATIVE CAT. ("K." Cantabile.),/ "OK!" Jiang little pussy. She's getting too warm, And if I don't Scotch her j-. She'll do mc some harm, ru square all the " day-lies,1; And safe from that on Consign the dashed feline To Obliv-i-on." .(I don't think. — '''Critic"."))"' Sk 3k H! . . A1 lady, in " Now Yark," of course, Has given £100 to the YJtl.CA. as a thank-offering for the splendid .ser vices reudercd by her coolc, who is a prominent member of that body. Now, if she-had given the r£100 to the cook there would . have been some sense in it, bat no doubt she will be allowed an extra/amount of dripping to spread on .her bread. Sk . # 3 . THAT CAT. > The" Komic Komcdian K — =-=-if 'sings 21 Can anybody loso my cat? AVill anybody steal my cat? She's a snide prospectus tied .to' h'er, toil,. And ehcTl queer my pitch ;j tHafs . what I'm thiriking. ' AH the past is sunk. (Band !' !)' Since I became a r— t. (Band 1 !) Poss- Pnss, .Buss, Puss. Oh !j G — iWill- anybody steal my cat.? .' Sk'-:'' - Sk/ 3k ,:- The "Mjail "-on the German' picnic z\ "jifedalsand'clasps/wcrc pinned upon the breasts of many, while the eyes of tho wearers shone brightly wheif the "Hock, hock, hock" for the Em peror rang out, and they thought of the days gone by when they fought, and -perhaps bled for their country." Just so. Folk who would die rather than, pawn their country's honor " hocked " their Kaiser ; till e'en the ranks of ; Tuscany could scarce for bear to beer. -Even tho "Courier's" infernal column of . German text is better than this. "Hbch der Kaiser" and "Hie" der "Daily Mail" was evidently .the order, of i the . day. Prosit, ' " 