BREVITIES, ? Stnko still continues.. ? . Mr. J. C. Wntson, M.P., loft Capetown ? - for Sydnoy last wook. No tondor was accepted for tho uroct'nm of a B.C. Church ut Macksville. . Voluntary sequestration — Wellington James Dillon, ot Regulations for tho management of .Re creation Eosorvo liavu been gazetted. Fathor Durlcm roturnod to-Bowni last ? wook nftor spending a holiday in Tasmania. .'. N.C.S.N. Co'b . shares, which woro worth . XI -Is 9d twolvo months nrti now quoted at XI 8s. Tho Tweed co-oporativc butchery made a profit of X7G0 lGs during tho past half year. ' Tho wifo of the now Danish Premier is a shorthand writor in tho Lower liouso of Parliamont. . . Tlio Bellingon Urnss Band will visit Bel . linger Hoaas on Saturday night and render . several seleotions. Tho Bellingen Shiro Council has ac quirod tho powers conforrod by the ' Pub lic Gates Act, 1901.' Tlio tender of F. Gilbert, Dorrigo, has boon nccopted for road work 011 Dorrigo branch road, Kompeoy district, JS1120. Mr. Cecil Owen Walsh has beon appoin ted bailiff of the Small Debts Court at , Bowraville, vice Senior-Constable Grant. . -;0n and frbro December 1 tho post oflico . i.nt presont kndwn ng Bellinger Heads will ? ?- bear.thb designation of Urunga. . It is reported that Mr. T. McDonnoll, /' lidad master of tlio Bollingon Public School is to removed from Bollingon at an early date. ' Express dolivory system lins been ex tended to tho Bellingon post oflico. Full particulars aro to bo found in tho Ootober postal guide. During tho first four months of tho cur rent1 wool season, this State oxported 297,173 bales, and advance of 17,900 cn the corresponding period last year. Tho Federal Government has received news by cablo that tho hull of tlio first Australian dostroyor will bo launched at Fairfield, Scotland, in Docomber. In tho Armidalo Court, a firm of land agents recovored Is per aero fee from selectors for whom they had secured ad ditional areas. The Pearl Best Bollingen Dramatic Coy. will stage 'Blow for Blow' 111 the Bellin gor Heads School of Arts on Wednesday evoning next. Mr. D. J. Cooper, M.A., senior metro politan school' inspector dead on Friday. ?Ho was addressing a gathering in the boys' dopartment at Fort-st. school, when he sud . donly faltered and collapsed. Mr. Bell, manager N.C.S.N. Co., states that tlio company aro determined to run their ships, no matter at what cost, as their ?valued constituents aro entirely dependent upon their efforts to prevent distress. The Rev. H. E. Grassick, Home Mission Superintendent, is 011 a visit to tho Bui \- linger, and will conduct sorvices in the Presbyterian Church on Sunday next at . Gloniffer, Fornmount, and Bellingen. Mr. G. S. Briner, M.L.A., is at present a patient in a private hospital, sufferingfroni a serious nervous breakdown. He expects to be able to attend to his Parliamentary, duties after about ten days. Mrs. Higgins, bottor known as Miss Solina Anderson, is said to have definitely decided to contest Robertson . electorate againBt the present member, Mr. Willis, at tlie next Federal elections. . . .There are some phenomenal oat crops in tho Molong district, and tho majority' of them .will yield up to 40 bushels to the acre ; while in isolated instances thoy. promise to give a return of 60 bushels. On Tuesday while workiag in the bush at Hyde Creek young Harry Bohan had the misfortune to cut his foot with an axe. The sufferer was brought into town and Dr. Mylos inserted four stitches in the wound. . The municipality of Chicago has organ ised a police force entirely composed of boys, to maintain order among the lads of the city, and to act under the regular police, with authority to arrest when neces sary. Two brothers named Bass were swept . . out to sea and drowned while bathing off Cronulla beach on Monday last. Ono brother got into difficulties and tho other wont to his assistance and both sank clasped together. An immigrant recently from homo and . now working; at a sugar mill in Mackay ? . drew firtt prize in Tattorsall's (£6000). on i tho 'Metropolitan. He goes homo again, . and will be the best advertisement' Queens Jand has over had. ? DeatliB on the Macleay during tho week —John Mowle, aged 22, and James Mor nsey, , of Frederickton, aged 27 years. ? -Deaths on tlie Manning— Mrs Jas Murray' ? ? (aged'73), Mrs R. Atkins, Mrs Felix Mead ? - (aged 58), and Mrs James Cobbin (aged 39). ' ' During the past few days the weather, . lias been cIobo and muggy and the sky overcast. On Wednesday night some light showers fell, 42 points being registered up to 9 a.m. yesterday morning. Throughout the- day the weather continued to be' showery. ,' Councillor Moseley has resigned from ?the Bellingen Shire Council, and an elec tion to fill the vacancy is advertised in this issue. The day of nomination is Wednes day, December 1st, and tho election day on December 11th. Mr. Philip Lamph of Bowravillo announces himself as a candi . didate for the vacant seat. ' Professor H. de Montmorency, of the ??'?'Iiismpre'jPederal Horbil Institute, will ?,'vislt'tlifl: various centres and and may be consulted as follows :— Coramba, Hampden . ' Hot-el, November 26 ; Coff's Harbor, Mc ? 1 -lean's Hotel, November 27; Bellingen, Conaghan's Hotel, on November 29. See advertisement on anothor pago. Mining matters aro improving steadily in the Coramba division, and a marked im petus will be given to the industry shortly. Tho ? Eastern Dorrigo portion of the dis trict is receiving special attention, and im 1 jiortant developments aro looked for at an early date, somo excellent r specimens hav ing been found within the past fow days. . While tho Earl of Minto, Viceroy, ? of India, accompanied by Lady Minto, wore driving from Ahmodabad Railway Station, a Hindoo threw two bombs at uliern. A sergeant, who was riding along . sido the carriago, cloverly intercepted the firsts bomb with his sabre. The second . .-bomb liit the Viceroy's jemadar, who was holding an umbrella over Lady Minto, and fell harmlessly to the ground. ?. Wo' learn that Mr. J. Northcott, J.P., .iin . old. and prominent resident of. the Clarence ? Bivor, who has been living in Sydney for Home time, lias purchased a farm at Hydo's Creek, and will become a residont of the Bellinger early in tho Now Year. Mr. ?Northcott, as a citizen, a magistrate, and a farmer of experience, will certainly bo an . acquisition to tlie district. Mr. Charles Barnes, who, it will be re : mombered visited tlio Bellingen and Nam \ bucca sliows, and was the senior partner in ? the firm of Messrs. C. Barnes and Co., Ltd., bacon ourors, died on Wednesday night, ?'November 10, at his residence, Melrose, Norwood-street, Petersham. Deceased had ? been ill for over two months. Ho was 56 ? yoars of age, and during his career made a ? atudy of pig breeding, whiqh greatly bene fitted the Stato. 