TUESDAY, DECEMBER a, 1000. -. Less than four months ago Dr. Frederick Albert Cook ruffle a claim which, if The could have sustained it, would have made his name immortal. Now his friends are endeavouring to lighten, his humiliation by attributing that claim to hallucination. Emerging suddenly and mysteriously from the Arctic silence, he announced that he had discovered the North Pole on April 21, 1908\. A startled world rubbed its eyes and wondered. Who was this confident, unheralded stranger, who boasted that almost single-handed and with the scan- these equipment he had succeeded where Franklin and Ross, Nansen and Peary, with their elaborately-organised expedi- tions, had failed? It was learned that he had had Polar experience with Peary in 1891-2 and with the Belgian Antarctic expedition In 1897-8, and was credited with having ascended Mount M'Kinley, in Alas£a,'to'its'summit some seven years' later. It was a record which, on the face of it, entitled him to serious consideration, and the evidence which he relied on to substantiate his claim was impatiently awaited. His original statement, made immediately after his arrival, in Copenhagen, besides being meagre and inconclusive, contained several inaccuracies, which he hastened, under the stimulus of criticism, to amend. It did not ring true. The Danish Court and the Royal Geographical Society of Denmark impulsively bestowed on him all the honours in their power, and the special representatives of the European press who hastened to Copenhagen to question him were strongly inclined to believe in his bona-fides. On the other hand, a very considerable weight of expert opinion remained entirely sceptical and kept clamouring for proofs. These Dr. Cook said he would be happy to furnish as soon as he returned to New York, which he had despatched his papers and instruments before starting for Europe himself. This was the position when Commander Peary, within a week of Dr. Cook's sensational announcement, telegraphed from Labrador that he had reached the Pole on April 6,1000. This was nearly a year later than Dr. Cook said he had discovered it. The reserve with which Dr. Cook's story was received by the press and public gave way to unhesitating belief In tho case of Commander Peary, whose long record of patient endeavour, extending over eight expeditions and nearly a score of years, made it appear extremely unlikely that he was either mistaken or not telling the truth. The wordy duel which broke out between the two men as soon as the veteran Polar explorer learnt that a comparative novice was attempting to snatch the honour which he had spent his life in endeavouring to gain was a singularly unedifying exhibition, and did much to lower them both in the esteem of the world. Commander Peary openly charged Dr. Cook with being a liar and a fraud, and undertook to prove that he had never even attempted to reach the Pole. Beyond admitting that his expedition had been organised secretly for the express purpose of taking Peary un- awares, Dr. Cook vigorously denied every allegation of trickery and bad faith. Dis friends in America took up his case with characteristically American enthusiasm, and did their best to blacken his rival's character by means which certainly did not err in the direction of meticulous scrupulosity. " As soon as he sets foot in New York," said the secretary of the Arctic Club, "Mr Bradley (the gentleman who financed Dr. Cook's expedition), myself, and others will make public affidavits and facts which will stamp " Commander Peary as the most colossal " faker this country has ever produced." The only comment which it is necessary to make on this not very generous statement is that Commander Peary has? proved his claim to the satisfaction of the scientific world, and that, according to a cable message published this morning, Dr. Cook has been expelled scrum the Explorers' Club, of which he was president Before this colossal fraud the impostures, of Fsaimanazar (who published a fabricated description of Formosa in 1704) and of Louis de Rougemont sink into insignificance. The reason given for Dr. Cook's ex- pulsion from the Explorers' Club far niches the clue to his extraordinary conduct The notoriety which he gained by setting up his claim to the discovery of the North Pole caused the light of criticism and inquiry to be directed to his alleged achievements in Alaska, which had never before been questioned When his principal associate, ME. Barrie, declared that he had never reached within 10,000 feet of the summit of Mount McKinley, and that his book on the subject was nothing but a tissue of falsehoods, which he (Baring) had been bribed or promised a bribe for the money was not paid-to con line and corroborate, Dr. Cook indignantly offered to throw up his lucrative lecturing arrangements and lead another expedition to Alaska to prove the truth of his narrative. But no such heroic measure was asked of him. The Explorers' Club appointed a committee to investigate the M'Kinley claim, and the report of that committee has led to his ignominious expulsion from an institution of which he was the highest reprcsentativeofficinl. Before this crush- ing humiliation was inflicted on him, and, as far as is known, quite independently of the Mount McKinley affair altogether, the University of Copenhagen had declared, the evidence submitted to it by Dr. Cook In support of his major claim to contain no proof that he had reached the Pole. The truth of the whole matter clearly is that Cook, encouraged by the apparent success of one great imposture, resolved to attempt another more gigantic still. To be the first human being to reach either of the poles is the dream of every explorer. No physical achievement could ensure a greater or more enduring fame. Dr. Cook, with an appetite sharpened by his first taste of distinction, spurious though it was, laid his plans to obtain the reward without finding himself to the trouble of earning it. He felt, no doubt, that the Pole offered a safer as well as a wider field for the application of intelligent imagination, and he boldly and confidently made the plunge. Had the knowledge and curiosity of the world with regard to the Polar regions been no greater than that excited by the news that an almost unheard-of mountain In Alaska had been explored, he might possibly have succeeded, for a time at least As it was, he ludicrously miscalculated the chances, and his reward will be an immortality, not of some but of contempt and infamy. Ilallucin ation may be responsible for many otherwise inexplicable phenomena, but it will scarcely account for the elaborate fraud engineered by Dr. Cook. Through constantly studying the heavenly bodies the astronomer In "Rasselas" came to believe that he controlled their forces and was responsible for their motions. It is conceivable that a man who has through a long course of years concentrated all the powers of his being on accomplishing some great purpose such, for instance, as reaching the Pole or solving the problem of perpetual motion may come at last to believe that he has actually achieved it But Dr. Cook's so-called hallucination has impelled him much further than this. It has inspired him to elaborate a gigantic fiction, to corroborate it with "faked" photographs, and to bribe his confederates to assist him in passing it off as truth. Under its influence he has not only shamefully calumniated the man whose life-long enthusiasm and untiring energy richly entitled him to the honour of which he tried to deprive him, but has made a fortune In doing It The whole thing is base and disgraceful. His Excellency the State Governor had a happy thought when in the spring he told the Horsham people that he would like to see the huge wheat-fields of the rich Wimmera at harvest time. And he is to he congratulated upon his visit to those fields last week, when he saw the grain being garnered congratu- lated not merely because he had a pleasant and instructive personal experience, but also because his going, so to speak, focussed public attention upon the great work he went to inspect We all know that this is a splendid season ; most of us understand in a vague sort of way that millions of bushels will be poured to the seaboard next month from land which thirty years ago was thought to be merely thirsty and of little value. But we do not all realise the actual facts nor appreciate the potentialities of the Wimmera and Mallee production. The State Governor brought them very vividly before us by visiting some of the typical farms of the areas. The citizen who has become surfeited with strike troubles, political strife, and taxation schemes must have felt relieved when his mind was called back to the pleasant contemplation of the true source of the prosperity of the State The Wimmera wheat-fields inspected by His Excellency are typical of many of the wheat-growing areas of the Commonwealth this season. If good harvest weather continues, official estimates, which give the aggregate yield of Australia as 80 million bushels, will probably be realised. This will be a record crop. The previous highest return was 74 million bushels, in the season of 1903-4. Although the spring of this year was very dry, cool weather prevailed during the ripening process, and produced full ears and plump grain. As there is almost complete absence of rust and other diseases, the prospects of a good yield are even better than they were a month ago. If the estimate of 30 million bushels Is realised, its value at current price (46 per bushel) will be approximately £16,000,000. Wheat-growing has assumed important proportions in the Commonwealth, and there are indications which point to its rapid expansion. Even now the area under crop and the aggregate output compare not un- favourably with Canada's. The wheat harvest of Canada has been secured to such an extent that this fact appears to be difficult to realise. The production of Canada In 1008 was 120 million bushels-just 30 per cent. more than the estimated, yield of the Commonwealth's crop this year. Canada's average yield per acre Is 201 bushels that of Australia 105, though it will be about 13 bushels this season. If Canada's average yield per acre could be attained, her aggregate output for 1908 would be reached in the Commonwealth without adding another acre to the wheat-fields, which are now about 6 million acres. The relatively strong position of Australia as a wheat-producer when compared with Canada is still farther illustrated by the fact that the average yearly production in Canada for the five-year period ending 1907 was 02 million, and in the Commonwealth 50 million, bushels. If Australia's average yield per acre had been raised by only 15 bushels per acre a result net imps- j i sible of attainment, as achievements of Wimmera farmers have shown thou Canada, with all her increase of population during recent years, would have had nothing to her advantage in wheat production as compared with Australia. Our low average yields have retarded the extension of wheat-growing. At one time these low yields were regarded as wholly caused by unfavourable seasons. Birt fuller knowledge of climatic and soil conditions has resulted in better methods of wheat husbandry being adopted, and consequently better returns have been obtained. In no part of the Commonwealth has greater progress been made in these improved methods than in the Wimmera, where, as the State Governor saw good harvests are now the rule. Thorough summer cultivation of fallowed land, the use of artificial fertilisers, the adoption of new and heavier yielding varieties of wheat and at the same time by combining sheep hus- bandry with wheat-growing, clean fields are seen everywhere, the grain is plump, and there are good yields, under old methods the Wimmera was regarded as worked-out and hopeless for wheat growing; under new methods It is one of the most prolific areas in Australia. With improvement in farming has come the invention of labour-saving implements and machinery for putting the wheat crop in and taking it off. The revolution which wheat-growing has undergone during the last ten or twelve years necessitates the use of large areas of land and considerable capital in order to obtain the best results. At the same time it has enabled millions of acres formerly regarded as unfitted for cultivation to be successfully farmed. These factors, combined with the improved outlook in the world's markets in respect to the demand and price for wheat have had a powerful influence on the movement of settlers from one State to another. The majority of the men who have left Victoria to acquire land in other States are not landless men, as is frequently asserted, but those who have sold their farms to their neighbours, and thus acquired capital to buy larger areas at cheaper rates for more extensive operations in wheat-growing and sheep hus- bandry. The land they have left has not been thrown into idleness. On the contrary, the high prices given have compelled the purchasers to put it to the utmost use. The fact is that large farms are indispensable, and farms have been made larger in the wheat areas of Victoria because some farmers have left to buy large farms also in the virgin territories of other States. Such changes are inevitable in the pioneering stages in a continent where there are vast areas which can be profitably turned from pastures to wheat-fields, and where there are so few people available for the work. At a later stage of development wheat-growing may be popular on smaller holdings, as it is in France, the third largest wheat-producing country in the world. Although the area of France is only about the same as that of New South Wales, the average annual wheat crop Is 340 million bushels more than double the output of Canada and Australia combined. The United States was for many years the dominant factor in ruling the wheat marts of Europe, but soon her annual production of 640 million bushels will be required for feeding her own rapidly-increasing population. Canada, the Argentine (whose present average output is about 150 million bushels a year), and Australia are increasing their exports as those from the United States are declining, and for the moment, leaving the two first-named countries to look after themselves, we may well indulge the hope that Australia's contribution to the world's bread will become larger and larger until we take first place. A scheme of reform of the House of Lords, including adequate representation of the oversea dominions, is suggested by the "Daily Telegraph." (Page 6.) Storms, floods, and shipwrecks have occurred in Europe, particularly on the Iberian peninsula. New York has had a severe blizzard. (Page 5.) While a party of wedding guests were driving away from the church at Linton yesterday, the vehicle capsized, and Mrs. Lewis, mother of the bride, sustained a fracture of the skull. (Page 11.) Ex-President Zelaya has fled from Nicaragua, and the troops of his adherents have been defeated by the revolutionaries. (Page 5.) During WOO nearly five million pounds' worth of building went on in Sydney and suburbs This is easily the record year (Page 7 ) A split in the Irish party, as serious as that caused by Parnell, is threatened (Page 5) Several vessels, caught in a gale, which raged on the New Zealand coast on Christmas Day had a trying experience (Page 4 Sedition is not yet dead in India A. dangerous conspiracy has been discovered in one of the Bombay States many an eats have been made and repressive measures are once more urged (P age 5 ) Dr Cook, the bogus Pole discoverer, has" been deserted by his staunchest supporters the Explorers' Club, which has removed his name from the list of members (Page 0 ) Through an explosion of gas in the Carter ville colliery, Illinois, 50 miners were lulled (Page 5 ) Thousands of dinners to the inmates of workhouses, hospitals and Salvation Army shelters were given in London on Christmas Day (Page 5 ) Ryde township on the Parramatta River was the scene of a shocking double fatality on Christmas Day A woman was burnt to death, and a man suffocated by smoke in his sleep (Page 6 ) Among the immigrants who arrived by the steamer Wilcannia on Sunday night were about 20 who desire to settle on the land in Victoria, (Page 6 ) From 65 deg at 5 o'clock yesterday morning the temperature in the shade gradually increased, until at a quarter past 3 o'clock it stood at 100 J (Page 5 ) By a lucky deal in cotton four New York speculators have won £2,000,000 (Page 8 ) Under a broiling sun six Victorian bowlers spent nearly a whole day against the batting of New South Wales yesterday A colt in H L Collins made a small score in brilliant fashion, and was the gem of the day (Page 4.) Mr Peter Bowling has been re-elected president of the Northern Miners' Federation which may be significant Mr Hughes, M H.R, has been invited south (Page 6.) Much science and little strength and much strength and little science were opposed in the Fitzsimmons Lang fight in Sydney yesterday Our graphic story tells how strength prevailed (Pige 0 ) Another Christmas season has passed That of 1909 will always be remembered as a great outdoor demonstration The weather drove people from their homes whenever it was possible for them to leave them, and that they left in all quarters and enjoyed the experience to the full is evidence of the prevailing prosperity (Page 8) _ Federal Ministers intend to hold a Gabi net meeting shortly after the holidays Some matters of considerable importance await their attention The Postmaster General (Sir John Quick) has to submit to I Cabinet the report which has been for rushed to him by Messrs C M Holmes and Percy Whitton on the finances of the Victorian telephone system He will discuss with his colleagues whether it is accessable to commission the accountants to proceed with a detailed examination of the accounts in New South Wales, a task which it is estimated would occupy six months. The alternative before the Ministry is to assume that the Victorian results are a fair index of the condition of affairs in other States, and on that basis to decide what executive action should be taken in connection with the charges to subscribers The rope at of the Pacific Wireless Conference ' will also come before the Cabinet and, as far as time allows the Government will consider what steps should be taken in the early future towards establish ing an 01 red chain in the Pacific General considers! rain will be given to the framing of the policy which is to he put before the 0100101- in April and Mr Deakin may be able to intimate, after the meeting, the precise date which will be faced for polling day, and when he is likely to open the campaign n Ball was Candidates for appointment as officers of the administrative and instructional staff of the Commonwealth military forces will undergo preliminary examination by boards which will assemble at the Victoria Barracks St Kilda road for the purpose on Friday, January i ! A medical board will be detailed by the principal medical officer to certify as to the physical qualifications of applicants and subsequently the apparent aptitude and suitability for military service of the candidates will be judged by the district commandant (Colonel Stanley ) assisted by Colon Is Robertson Ryan R J Williams and Hughes and Lieut Colonel L E Clarke The Minister for Defence (Mr J Cool ) is anxious to effect imme date improvement both in the status and efficiency of the instructional staff which hitherto has been hampered considerably through being undermanned The Premier (Mr Murray) stated last night that the trip of the Lady Loch round the bay, which had been arranged for to-morrow has been postponed until Kitchener Week, on account of so many members of Parliament having gone out of town. It is anticipated that the first 20 farms established on the newly reclaimed land in the He Heytesbury Forest and be ready for selection by the middle of February Over 1,000 acres of the forest grass-tree land have already been drained cleared and ploughed The director of Agriculture (Dr Cherry) says the farms will be between 100 and 120 acres in extent Half of each will be ready ploughed and the remainder will be rough grass tree land At an experimental farm which has been conducted at the forest by Dr Cherry s direction, the potato crop averaged five tons to the acre while a crop of Algerian oats just harvested has yielded up to 25 tons of hay to the acre The Minister for Agriculture (Mr Graham) proposes to visit the forest immediately after the holidays By direction of the Minister for Defence (Mr J Cook) and the Military Board the following order has been issued relating to promotion prior to retirement - Members of the defence force of upwards of 40 years continuous and meritorious service who are approaching the age for i e lirement of then existing rank and who have finally decided upon actual retirement on reaching that age may be granted a step in substantive rank (up to colonel) prior to the date of their retirement in addition to the honorary rank which the present regulations provide for Such step in substantive rank wall be regarded as supernumerary to establishment Where a promotion under this ruling would invoke supersession full particular s concerning members superseded are to be submitted for consideration ' Dean Phelan preaching at St Patrick's Cathedral on Sunday referred to an article that was published in Argus" of Saturday the argument he said, as to the present status of Christianity was consistent and the writer in stating his case had done justice to the Roman Catholic position line tunity of doctrines held in Roman Catholics in the veneration due to Mary as the Mother of God the adoration due to her Divine Son in the mystery of the Incarnation and the continuation of that mastery in the Real Presence in the Blessed 1 eucharist were in separably bound together Lather all were true or none were true It was remark! able that those who in the 16th century had specifically deposed Man from the honour due to his position had from that time forth become increasingly hazy as to the position occupied by her Son in the scheme of redemption Va day outside the Roman Catholic Church the divinity of the Son as well as other articles of faith were beginning to be doubted To night at Wirth's Skating Rink a Christmas carnival will be held when prizes will be given for the most appropriate Christmas costume the best Christmas toy character the most appro priately dressed team of live best amateur walkers most graceful skaters (singly and in pairs and the best Fancy or trick skater A battle of confetti will terminate the evenings festivities 