A LAND PROBLEM If the recent immigration fiasco lias helped, as it seems to have done, to focus attention upon a subject which should receive the Immediate and car- nest consideration of the people of Yic- toria,then,tlie incident will have served a useful purpose. Jhe lack of any or ganised effort to .attract immigrants, and settle than on the land, has left the door open for the operations of amateurs, who, no doubt, are _ well- meaning enough in their intentions, but whose misguided efforts may result in no end of mischief. The average Vic torian knows perfectly well that at tempts to increase our population by immigration have failed, but what he does not fully realise is the alarming rate at which we are actually losing our termers. In referring last week, in this column, to another phase of. the subject, it was stated that . the resources of other States are being developed by the men who are leaving Victoria. Figures could not then- be given, but some that have since become available are startling. In fheVVimmera district, according to a locai estimate, there are at least 35 per cent, fewer farmers now thfin there were ten-years ago. In-some localities the falling off is 25 per cent; in others, it ranges from 50 to 70 per cent. It is said that more than two-thirds of the fanners have left the Beulah district, and that at Hopetoun one settler who started with 010 acres has bought out so many '"Of '-his neighbors, that he now owns 7000 acres. A farmer at Rainbow, who started with one farm, now owns twelve. ..That means, of course, that the former owners pf the eleven terms have gone. Most of the men who have left the Wimmera-made money, sold out at a good price, and went to other States where cheap land was offering. Accepting the figures as correct, it will be seen that in this, the smallest State on the Continent, we have a very seri ous position to face. | Is there a remedy for this state of things, and, if so. what is it? That is a problem which our legislators should be expected to consider. The Govern ment proposes, under the Closer Set tlement Bill, which has yet to be fin ally dealt with, to spend a million pounds a year for three years in the acquirement of land and in advances to settlers. A further scheme is being considered, under which it is proposed to import imgationists from America. So far, so good. The cry is for imrnh grants and for land on which to settle them. Whether the Government's scheme is a good or a bad one remains to be considered. At auy rate, an ef fort, seemingly, is being made to re spond to the demand of the moment, and such an effort is praiseworthy. But will not the benefits to be derived from , such a scheme . be, to a great extent, nullified if land aggregation is to con tinue as rapidly as it is said to be tak. ing place in the Wimmera? It would, of course, be easy When providing newly-acquired properties for immi grants, to legislate so that no man al ready in possession of a block shall be allowed to add to his holding. If some such plan were not adopted, the State might find itself in the position of hav- I ing, for all time, to continue the pro- | cess of buying back large blocks for i subdivision. The problem of how to prevent land 'aggregation, and consequent -loss of ! population, is a tough one, -but . Vic- | toria is not the first country in which ! the necessity for dealing with it has ' arisen. In some countries, notably in Denmark, the Land laws encourage the division of landed property into small estates, and absolutely forbid the join ing together of small farms to convert them into large properties. The result is that each of 117,000 farmers has a property of, less than seven acres, and 70,000 farmers are working holdings of less than 35 acres, while, in the whole country, there are ou'.y S00 properties over 500 acres each in area. Such holdings, unless in irrigated areas, would be considered too small in Vic toria, but it is uot a question of size, but the principle, that has to be con sidered. It may be that tbe Danish system would not be acceptable to . the people of Victoria in any form, nor "1 do we say- that it is tbe only course to be adopted. /What must be said, how ever, is that the people should he fully alive to the position as it presents It self, and should be prepared to face the problem that arises out of it. 