BJttlEF MENTION. D. Scott's repairs a apeciality.* Flour dropped 10a a ton on Monday last. Bruntnell in the Bridge-street Hall to-night. E. Turner for Cheap Windmills and Trough ing.* Many immigrants flocking to the Upper Richmond. Verdict for defendant returned in the Duly Willis case. Total cost of Murwillumbah's new School of Artn — £311)2 1 2.4 M. lliley'a Hill quarrymen havo had their wages raiaod by la per day. Nearly GO etalliona took part in the parade at Lismore on Wednesday. A motor garage and four cars destroyed by fire at Cooma ; damage £3000. Tho Dungarubba create van now runs to Coraki factory three tiraea a week. Read Mr. T. M'Dermott'a advt. in thin issue. His great spring show ia now iu full swing. Coraki regatta aocial on Friday night next. Tickets 2-j 6d. Music by Nicolia and Michaelson. Municipal election at Casino this week re sulted— J. T. Junor 41 votes, J. H. C. Harper 25. At Lismore thia week Owen Fryer waa fined £25 for betting with infanta on the Lismore race course. During the course of his career, Lord Roberts has gained nine ordere, five medalB, and 10 battle clasps. A record christening took place in Murwillum bah last week, eight youngsters being put through in one house. Lismoro Chamber of Commerce revived, with Mr. R. Kearney as Secretary, and Mr. J. T. Lewarne as Treasurer. Mr. R. H. Moms, of South Woodburn. adver tises a reward for delivery of a lost parcel of veterinary instruments. New South Wales had 43,330,000 sheep at the end of 1908 — a decrease of 1,130.000 on the number registered at the end of 11)07. Npgotiationa are being made with the Casino band in connection with the excursion from Irvington to Coraki regatta on October 6th, By nine votes to two the trustees of the Graf ton Methodist Church have resolved to build a new edifice to seat 400 people at a coat of £2500. A 701b. jewfish, consigned by Mr. E. J. Coombps (Iluka), waa sold in Sydney for 29.J, which is probably a record for a jewtish of that sir.e. Mr. David Buttere, aged 21, fell at the Murwil lumbah School of Arts skating rink on Tuesday night, breaking his arm aud dislocating his elbow. During seven years' operations the balance in favor of direct consignment of butter over top prices in Sydney waa £15,000 to the Byron Bay Company. Tough 1 At the Bega Police Court recently, a man was charged with not sending his son, aged I 14, to Sunday-school or Churoh. The P.M. dis- I missed the case. It ia now stated in the press that there was no , foundation for the statement that a Bellinger i clergyman had urged bis flock to boycott the 1 Nohtheun' Cocrikr. Cooma has had a bad time by reason of in fectious diseases this year. During the past seven months i)2 cases have been recorded — 83 of which were scarletina. There are patients who describe the doctor as an angel, and, when they get better, aa little short of a god. But when he sends in his little bill he is the very devil. Try E. Turner, the old-established plumber, for Cheap Tanks and Caus.* Melba quite captivated Editor Doidge, of the Cootamundra Liberal, and, as a mark of homage, he kissed the diva's hand. Who aaid the age of chivalry was dead ? Some miscreant oiled all the new type in the office of the Kangaroo Valley Times last week, and the paper could only bo issued with half a sheet. An arrest has been made. Brigadier-General Gordon's praise of Coraki Half- Squadron must have been cheering to the officers — particularly in view of the fact that the General is a blunt and outspoken critic. Murwillumbah School of Arts committee is to consider a motion to give visiting members of Schools of Arts in the Rous electorate the same privileges in the institution as local members. A public meeting, convened by the Mayor in response to a requisition, is to be held at Casino to-night to protest against Hindoos and other Asiatics being allowed to ballot for Crown lands. When cowg gnaw bones or fence-raiis, or drink filthy water, the remedy is to feed bone meal — to supply phosphates. A large part of the phos phoric acid in the bone meal is digested by the cow. Mr. Knud Rassmusaen, the Danish Polar explorer, has interviewed at Cape York the Eskimoa who accompanied Dr. Cook's expedition, and they corroborate some of Dr. Cook's state | ments. At Costelloe's Stocktaking Sale they are selling Men's Cossacks, 4s lid ; Minerilized (soft j to wear), 5s lid ; Men's Blucher?, eprigged or I nailed, Gs 9d. Come early and secure Boota at ; unheard-of prices.* During 1908 no less than Gl,2G0.0001bs. of butter were produced inN.S.W. — abouta million and a quarter pounds more than the preceding year. The great increase was due principally to the huge output pf the Richmond River factories. A.t the Lismore Police Court on Wednesdaj', Patrick D'Arcy, a well-knowu habitue of the racecourse, was fined £2 and 10s coats for steal ing £1 from Cyril Clark, while another caso of allegedly steeling £5 from Michael M'Namara was dismissed. At the last committee meeting of the Casino P. and A. Sooiety, Mr. F. W. Knapm^n moved that delegates from Coraki and Kyogle be asked to meet delegates from this Society to arrange and. regulate future shows. Seconded by Mr. Page, and carried. Men's Fashion 'Shirts (with cuffs), 2s lid ; Men's Black Mercerised Shirts, 2s lid ; Men's Harvard Shirta (good colors), la lid ; Men's Flannelette Shirta (collar and pockets), la lid. These are some of the bargains at Costelloe's Stocktaking Sale.* At the wedding in the Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, East Hill, Wandsworth, of Miss Sophia Fouikes Shillington, a prominent local suffragist, to Mr. Evan Thomas Powell/the word 'obey' was omitted from the questions put to the bride, iu the marriage service. The middle west ia enjoying a great season. One jubilant soul out Jugiong way writes : ' Out our way you can hear the grass growing. Every thing is mud fat ; horses are barrel-ahape, cows can hardly waddle along, and rabbits — well, rabbits are so prime that they are football ahape.' Don't forget the little wifo who 8taya at home. Make her surroundings cheerful by furnishing the home garden with stock from our nursery. Roses, Bouvardiaa; Bulbs, Carnations, Bush and Glass-house Plants in endless variety. Note the address — R. E. Buagg anl- Co., Olga Nursery, Marrickville.* Mr. Bernacchi, who was the physicist of the Discovery Antarctic Expedition, suggests that the altitude of the sun and the temperature of the air mentioned by Dr. Cook were such that the image of -'he son must have been distorted by refraction, and therefore it is impossible that he could have determined the position of the North Pole with the certainty that he claim*. The Daly v. Willis action for £2000 damages for false imprisonment led to some dramatic and sensational aituationa in the court.^ Plaintiff admitted that James Crick was paying hi9 ex penses in this case, while Willis denied he got £45,000 out of the lands scandals, and named the men whom he suspected of stabbing and sand bagging him. He also denied bribinga Minister of the Crown. Verdict for defendant. At Maclean late last Saturday night a Har wood resident named Wilkinson was found lying unconscious in a pool of blood, with a great gash in his jaw. Whether he had been struck by a new idea or the planet Mars or the hand of a cowardly would-be assassin, he couldn't say, and there being nothing to help the police to elucidate the mystery they simply took him to the hospital, where he soon recovered. The Patriot, a leading Catholic newspaper of Brussels, declares that Prince Albert, on his recent visit to the Congo, waB grieved and exasperated to see the terrible destruction to native life caused by the Leopoldian system. Yet, not so long ago a Sydney weekly journal spent columns upon columus of space in an I attempt to prove that this regal profligate and roue waa a moat noble-hearted and pious soul ! E. Turner, Coraki, for Separators and Dairy Utensils.* [ Murwillumbah School of Arts finances are in a much better condition than anticipated, and the committee have been able to pay a number of accounts that they had not expected to be able to pay for a period of 12 montha. The success of billiards and skating, and the great increase of membership, have made this'possible. Thetakings for the past month totalled £86 15s, £47 of which represented the nett takings from skating. Arthur Stevene, a Sydney commission agent, was fated to be slain by a tram. Two years ago he was knocked down by one, and lost an arm. Last week he was knocked down by an other, but his injuries were not of a sufficiently serious nature to justify hia detention in the hospital. Two days later, while at Pyrmont, he got in front of a third trim, and was knoclfe-x down, sustaining a fracture of the skull, from whieh hp di*»d. 