Social and Personal, (Continued from page / 10.)' Lady Morgan will, on Wednesday after- noon next, open the sale of work. at. the Protestant. Hall, in aid of the Anglichn .Foreign Missions. : ' Mr.; T. ' H. Brown; has kindly: . consented to permit "the" grounds at" Merthyr, New Farm, to be used for tho holding of the. . Henley on' . jubilee day. The general com- ' mittee will "meet; on Monday, 'when fconr . sideration will: he, given to the various" details. . . .. ' " , Miss Nellie '.Stewar.t _ arrived from the south by mail train last evening, and is. staying at the Grcsliam Hotel. ' Misses Kibble,. Ivy Lodge, Toowong arc entertaining a number of guests at afternoon tea ; to- day. in honour of Miss Doris Gill. v\ :4h'" . Miss Gladys Toop, New Farm, , is en tertaining, a number of guests 'this even-' ing .in honour of -the approaching mar riage of Miss Cossatt.. . r Mrs. R. Mi Gow returned from the south' by the R.M.S. Qphir yesterday. bliss Bnnv Ros'endorff, who has been the guest of Mrs.. Logan, Pine View, Kil- coy, has returned to town. ' . Mrs:' Cbas.' Gough, accompanied bv Miss 'Findlay, left by mail train this morning for Waratali, Newcastle, and Svdney. Jlr. C. Gough is on a visit to 'Melbourne.'. Aliss Jean Holcombe, Auchcnflowcr,. has returned from a visit to Sandgate. The numerous friends of Mr. Fred IV. Butterworth, of- Coniston, Clayfield,' representative in . Brishane of Messrs. Scott, Mungo, and Co., flour merchants/ will regret to heal of the sad and sudden - bereavement he has suffered by the death; of his wife, which occurred on last Tuesday. The Ueoeased lady . was appar ently in the best of health on Monday, and was preparing to attend the function at the Clayfield Bowling Green in honour of the visit of the Newcastle bowlers, when she was taken suddenly ill, and medical advice had at once to bp sought. She never .regained consciousness, except for a moment before her acath. Mr. But terworth is well known in the city, and is. a prominent and popular howler, and is one of_ the interstate selectors. Ho is left with a - family1 of three sons, John Fred., . Harry, and Walter, the young est being 10,. to mourn their loss. Mr. and Mrs. Butterworth were arranging for a trip to England, next year. ; Deceased was a daughter . of the late Mr.' V'„ Melton, and came to Queensland in the- ship Agricola, in' the year 1853. Iler brothers arc well known in the Brisbane newspaper printing- world, and rank amongst our oldest and most respected colonists. Thc,president and members of the Bris bane Club entertained a large number of guests' at a delightfully arranged "at home" last evening. His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor and Lady Morgan, who were attended .by Captain Foxtoh, A.D.C., .were;! present. . The president (Mr. J . Chapman) received the guests at tho entrance to. the reception room, which was charmingly . decorated with bowls ol crimson carnations', ' watsonia, cosmos, and stocks. ''During the evening a very enjoyable; .musical programme was contri-. buted. Mrs. Gilbert Wilson sang- Zardo's "To-night" and "The Garden of Khama" (Goertz), "April Morn " and Tosti's "Goodbye,'' the last named be-, ing added as an encore. . . Miss Vera Parker's contributions were the "Slave Song ' and "Absent." Mr. Crisp sang "Mary Adene" (J. Capel) and " I had a Flower" (Kelly); and also joined Mr Lambert m the duet,' "Merry Beggar." Air. Lambert .sang "Glorious Devon" and Down the Vale." Mr. Robert Kayo' and bliss Lena' Hammond .successfully filled the duties of' accompanists. Alany beautiful gowns were worn by the ladies. Lady Alorgan was in a handsome gown of black corded silk, with chemisette of ruched net and sequined applique. Airs. Chapman wore a gown of black chiffon tauela, with vest of ivory chiffon and touches or black. AHss Chapman chose a gown of azure charmeuse, with vest of folded ohiffon, -defined with applique. - Miss iiiVelyn Cliapniau was in lavender mousse line, strapped with glaoe Jn darker tone. ,rs; . D,Ghy Denham's gown of peach shaded crystallmo was strapped with panne, - « r he ot silver sequins. Airs. G. L. Willcocks wore black chenille, spotted Bet, inlet with chantilly lace over a sup of Ivory glace. Mrs. Gilbert Wil- son s diiectoire gown ol peach satin- char- meusc was arranged with vest of folded Brussels net, and embroidered with gold and oxidised silver. Aliss Emily Bcirne was in a dainty '-frock of pink crystal® line, in. empire . mode, -the corsage defined Wbth bebe roses.' Airs, E. H. Alacart- ncy s gown of black lace was worn over pale blue Mrs. C. Tait, gown of floral T iS' ?T in black Spanish lace. Airs. J. w. II. Grout, black equal (stripe ninon o\er lose Pink silk, the bodice piped with cheny velvet. Airs. Ricardo, black w"1' DV«'lress of black jetted tulle Mrs. E. E. Forth, pale qlue crystalline J"!''1 ,ofA Brussels net and applique.' Miss Muriel Appel, ivory charmcusc veiled Jace'.T,v:lth bol"ro of silver applique. AXiss Alabcl Brady, gown of rvory ircssalinc\ with squale yoke of gold embroidered lace. . Airs. J. a. Robertson, handsome directoirc gown of a" ?. ffr inot 0Ver "barmeiise, re- lievccl with touches of tangerine. Airs. H. AT. Hicks, gown of black striped mar quisette, with berthe of point lace. Others present » included Mr. and Mrs. P. T Berry, Mrs. King, Air. ' and "Mrs. Frank J >.a V ® Hall; Airs. Smytli, Air and Airs. J. p. Wilson, Air. and- Airs. J.' Love, Hon. and Mrs. A. A. Davey, Aliss r at" I0"?1""!. Mr. and Airs. ,L. M. Bond, IVirs. G. J, Mason "'TMws and Misses 'Bruce-Nicol, AX i. and Mrs W I. Robertson, lig. Freeman, -Mr., Airs." and Miss Clifton, Airs, and Aliss' Earle H?n " b- and Alfes Denliam, Misses Darvall, Willcocks (8), Lucas Love (2) Haimitiond, Annette Lians, Ktlleher, -Airs. Riehard- son. Air. and . Airs.; E. H. Pike Airs. Fraser, Air. and Airs. J. N. Devov ' Ah. ami Alts. By ram, Air. and Airs. Al'ow- undMrs. A. M'Nab and Miss AI'Nab, Dr. and/Mrs. E. T White, Mr '1 rsU a?(J ,Miss Abererombie, Mr. and Airs J. Reid, Hon. E. B. Forrest, Hon. t' C. Beirne, Algsrs. E. H. Macartney, j'. T. Rotliwcll, Robertson, Forth, Tait P J. Lahey, Horstmann, Dr. J. Alowhrav Thomson, and others. " pUftqC |d&B;| SOCIAL m PERSONAL. Information concerning social events should reach this office not later than 2 p.m. on TUESDAYS and FRIDAYS. It is . specially requested that items bo promptly forwarded. Stale news will not bo welcome. Notifications ot matrimonial engagements must bo attested by responsible persons. It is expected that nil. :marriages noticed In - this column will ho announced also In tho, usual domostio : advertisements, cash prepaid. / All items of social nows, or invitations to ' balls, "at homes, or similar events, should Vin' marked "Social," and .bo addressed to the "Editor, NOT TO ANY PERSON BY NAME. Sir Arthur'and Lacly Morgan were pre- ' sent at rthe'"at liomo" given by the mem- hers Of tlie "Brisbane Club last) evening. !A report \vill;be - found in another column, Ladv Morgan camu to town on Thurs- : ,-aiv night. - With his Excellency the /Lieutenant-Governor, she will- attend the Windsor fete this afternoon;' . . The Hon. E. B. Forrest entertained several guests at afternoon tea on Thurs day last, In honour of Mr. and Mrs. Cyi'il. Gunther. , -Mrs; Cowlishaw,- Montpclier, will, not he' at home this month, as she is paying 1 a visit to ; Rockhampton. " Archbishop Donaldson will give i - sarden 'parly at Bishopsbournc on Satur day next,. 16th October, from J.dO J,o 5 30 at which the bishops of the pro vince.. .and the .representatives m tne nrovincial synod will be present. No ' Hnvitations have .been issued, hut, .ladies \- and gentlemen attending aic : present their visiting cards to the regis- \- jtrar on' arrival. Miss Brentnall, EastJeigh, Coorparoo, mill be "at-liomo'; : on the third, fourth, and1 fifth Fridays \in> October, awl nob pgain during the summer months. Mrs Digby Denham, Incleside, enter tained several guests at afternoon tea) on ' Wednesday last. Bishop Frodshim and Mrs. Frodsliam (arrived- irom Townsville.hy the Wyrccma (on Thursday last. ... ' Mrs. IV. S. Byrne entertained a num ber of guests at afternoon . tea on Wed nesday last, when the dolls sent in con nection with the competition, which she has arranged, were viewed. The prizes (were- won as .follows; Special, bliss I . Socks ; first, Miss Marv Tabart ; !, second, Miss Mary Casey. For jcy '.dressed dollies, the prizes fell to he lot i,»f Miss Helga Anderson (special) with ia charming Danish lady ; Miss B. A-damn ikhrshl with a Spanish dancer \ and iwfiss Barfoot (second) . with an American f60 Captem and Mrs. Forrester, Corinda, wire visiting Sandgate, and are staying at HVilla Marina. .. ' Mix and Mrs. iJ.- D. Story shortly nn- Mend leaving lor Sandgate, where they fchave taken a house for several -weeks fWrs. J. D. Campbell, Donatello, w.U like their guest for a time. Hon. A. J. Thymic and Miss Thynno vflcave London in about a forv-mghb lor JflSteSs Kitty Bcllairs, who will make ithe acquaintance of Brisbane playooors |.£h& evening, wars some magnificent / towns. In tho first act the fascinating i qadv dons a short costume of pink, Wltouched with tones -of- blue, brocade, the I quaint panniers caught up with blue Sribbons and hows, with long tram and court shoes. In the second act another -wonderful confection is worn under a ticloak" of .oyster satin, with pattern of hold blurred roses, its border of black (kilted chiifon lined with pink kiltines, , and - huge pink roses set at intervals. The frock is of stiff lavender satm, with design of lilac woven into the (fabric with tiny purple sequins. This -forms the panniers and court train, fall ing over 'a petticoat of flounces of ireal Irish lace, the one side of the gown catching up bunches of lilac blossoms. The hall-room costume is of apricot moire, woven with goldeu thread roses over which falls a filmy gown of pink , chiffon, appliaued with roses, the cor dage-arranged with trellis design of golden head - threads. The travelling . sown- worn in the lest act is of ' mole -Welvob, with a smart mole bonnet. The members of the Clayfield Tennis jClub entertained a number of friends at a very well arranged euchre party at jthe Cafe Eschenhageu on Thursday even ing list. The committee of management included Mr. M. A.. Bryce (captain), Miss IMahel Trundle (vice-captain-), Misses ' , Brown' and Richardson, Messrs. J. E. (Carter, A.' Barber, and E. F. Trundle . . .'hon. secretary). Among the players were Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Trundle, Mcsdamos '".V- IW. Whyte, Jones, .Eiidd, IV. II. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Miller, Misses Bean, De'arn- aley, Watson, Chapman (2), Eden, Bearup ' - »: |(2V Chalk, Thompson, Montofiore, Dur- . ham, Crookland, Collin, Irene Campbell, IKahle, Raff, Bcil, Tonk, Jones, Col- liers, Messrs. Gray, Trundle (4), Steph- 'i enson, Currie, Jack, Kahle, Oxley (2), iVardcn, Crammond, M'Gibbon, Frew, Ross;' Thompson, Higgins, and others. The prizes were presented by the captain Mr. M. A.. Bryce), and were won as follows : First, ladies, silver mirror, Miss Earl ; second, silver vase, Miss Stirratt; . - ithird, ' stud box, Mrs. IVhyte. First, gentlemen, silver mounted umbrella, Mr. tA. Palmer ; second, serviette ring, Mr. . Court ; third, stud box, Mr. J. Steplicn- v.' - soni Suhscquently .refreshments were \- ' served'.' During the evening musical items ' '-iwere ' contributed by Miss Eden, Miss . (Brown, and Mr. Barber. Miss Pye con- ttiibutcd a display of Indian clubs, and -' a- bouquet of flowers was presented to ; -j-- her 'from the- club. Attor an absence of about two years, ; Mrs.- R. Goddes Crawford -has returned 'Ho take up "her residence in Brisbane. "' This ladvj who was- known' in Queensland Several .'yedi's ago, when she was Miss Summers', .has since lief last residenco ' hom visited New Zealand, and at Roto- rua," Auckland, and other places, she de livered lectures and wrote articles about Queensland. Later she came to Sydney, and in that city and other parts of New South Wales, she occupied her 3pare timo be 'lecturing on Queensland, and advocate " \ ing its claims for surplus population. For about 16 months she was residing in the Clarence and Richmond and Tweed Rlvor districts and on several occasions also delivered lectures in various parts on Queensland, and Queensland's attractions. 'She expresses her firm belief that many of the persons she mot, both in New Zea land and New South Wales, have come, or will come to Queensland to take up land. She was chiefly inspired to do this by her connection with the Patriotic League, which was formed by the late Mr. J. D. Campbell aiid others some threo years ago for tire purpose ot promoting immigration, and for a time Mrs. Craw- ford acted as secretary.. It may. he re- . membcred that Mrs. Goddes Crawford's husband," who was a fairly _ well known ounwlis"fc, was ono ol the victims m toic , y great hotel fire at Wellington (New Zea land) n few years ago. s.wi/- The marriage of Mr; W. II. M'.Guire, i v Only son of the late Mr. , W. H.-'M'Guirei 'Armi'dale, and Miss Agnes M._'; Wright v i- (Sister Agnes of the Methodist - Central ' Mission), daughter of Mrs. bright. Orange Grove, Cabooiture, was fcelo- vv hrated on Wednesday last at Orange Grove, Cahoolture, the Rev. G. E. ' Rowe oflieiating. The ceremony took place in the picturesque summer house, which Was covered with banksia roses. Mrs R. A. Zillman played tho wedding march Tho bride, who was given awav by her brother-in-law (Mr. F. Dohson).. wore 'a gown of crcmc silk striped voile, in" empire style, the draped liodlco finished with silk applique ; an enmroid- « ercd tulle veil Was worn over a- coronet of orange blossoms, bhc also wore a necklet and sapphire pembnt, whichj.- wltli her shower bouquet, was- the gift of the bridegroom. Miss Evelyn Wright, isfster) - and the Misses May Dobson anb Miliicent Black (nieces) attended tho - bride.: Miss Wright wore « semi- cmpiro gown of creme Sicilian, with blue hat swathed with tulle, and finished-, with ostrich feathers. Her gift from the:: bridegroom was a gold brooch set with rubies. The younger maids' woro dainty frocks of white mous- selins and -lace, ; with early. Victorian bonnets. They also- wore pretty lace pins, tho-.gitts of tho bride groom. Mr. W-. ,Uhlmon supported the bridegroom. . Mrs. Wright '.wore a black figured merv, relieved with cliantilly lace; black bonnet. Mrs. F. J. Dobson; was m a gown of black Sicilian, with pretty, floral hat. . Alter the (ceremony the guests .wore entertained ,, at; the . wedding tea, served- in a .marquee, and' .the usual .toasts wore.-, honoured. The , guests_ con sisted of relatives: and immediate friends. 'Later Mr., , and Mrs. W. ,H;'M'Guire left, for Manly and . Toowoomha, on the. wedding tour, tlie latter wearing a gown! of blue striped , voile, in semi -emui: i: .style, the bodice having square yoke of ppint d'esprit, defined 1 with . oriental applique ; smart, blue hat to harmonise. \- Mrs. Holmes a'Courb has issued invita tions for an at home on Tuesday next. Miss Marjorie Chard, of the Nellie Stewart Comedy . Company, is a daughter of Kate Chard, a very great favourite with Australian audiences. Miss Marjorie Chard,' before leaving London, was married - to Mr. Langhorne Barton,1 a leading actor in the same company. Mr. and Mrs. Langhorne Barton theretore practically are on their wedding tour. . Mr. and Mrs. J. H. MjConncl, Shafs- t'on House, are 'entertaining a number of guests at a garden party this afternoon in honour of the approaching marriage of Mr.' Edgar M'Connel and Miss Murray- Prior. Miss Agnew, who has been on a sis months' holiday trip to England and Scotland, will return by the R.M.S'. Or- lona. - Miss Nellie Stewart lately proved in a practical manner that she has quite grasped the meaning of the term "in per- , petuity." for recently she forwarded the last £100 to complete the endowment of the Nellie Stewart cot at the Mel bourne Children's Hospital. This is but one of the many kindlv acts which are characteristic of our Nellie. ' , Mr. and Mrs. D. R. M'Connel are likely to leave Queensland within a few weeks for America. A farewell presenta tion to Mr. M'Connel will bo made at thG School of Arte Hall this evening, by the council, stall, aitd pupils of the Technical College under his late director ship. Mrs. Long, the Range, Toowooiriba, is spending a holiday in Sandgate, and is staying at. Villa Marina. Miss Amv Papi.' Tiaro, Brighton road, accompanied by Miss Mabel Lloyd, ar rived by the Wyreema on Thursday. Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Gougli, West End, have returned from their wedding- tour m the south. Mrs. Ernest. Baynes returned to town by mail train on Wednesday after a short holida" in Sydney. Misses . Sydney Jonos have returned from a visit to the south. Mrs. W. Sweeney's friends, numbering about 20, entertained her at a most en joyable picnic. At Sandgate on Wednesday last, prior to her -departure from Bris bane by the Ophic to-day. A pleasant time was spent, and during the day, games, &c.;, were indulged in. Miss. E.. A. Cunningtoii, Toowoomha, ijs spending a holiday with friends, and is tho guest of Mrs. T. G. .Johnston. Sher wood. The employees oi Messrs. M'Donncll and East arc ; holding a- progressive euchre party ami social evening, in the Bris bane Gymnasium. Hall, this evening. Mrs. W. E. W. TV Tremearne, Toowong, en-tertaihed several guests' at afternoon tea on Thursday; last. Mrs. R. S. Papprill is due in Brisbane next- week, after spending two months' holiday -iu. Ncw ' Zealanft. Mrs. A. R. Peters, Alburlo, Bowen I-Iills, will lie ati home on Tuesday after noon next, hut not in the evening. Miss Hankins, who' has been the guest of her «""+ Mrs D.'Y. FuUerton, South Brisbane. will return to Warwick .to-day. A very pleasant gathering took placo at the establishment oi Messrs. Bayard, and Co., " drapers, South Bris bane, on Thursday eucning last, ivhen the. staff of tho firm, numbering 42, assembled to bid good-bye to Mr. J. R. Bayard, who is leaving Brisbane to make an extended tour of the world. The. assistants presented him with a handsome, case of smoker's re quisites and. a set of gold links, with his monogram engraved thereon. Mr. Bayard responded in feeling terms, and "said that he would always - prize the gifts as coming from earnest and .sincere fcllow- worjrors, and heartily thanked the assis tants for their handsome presents. , . The members . of tlie Soujth Brisbane Croquet Club entertained a number of guests at afternoon tea on Thursday last, to witness tho intcrclub match, South Brisbane versus Clavfield, which resulted in a win for the former by 34 points. The South Brisbane team: in cluded- Mesdaunes J. Robinson and Rogers, Mure Robertson, and J. A.- Philp, while' Clayfield was represented l>v Mosrlames Noble, Bale, Amos, and Miss Kirk. Those present included Mr. and Mrs. J. Robinson, Mr," ami Mrs. Scou- gil,. Mr. and Mrs. Stunrm, Mcsdamcs G. R. Ryder, Armstrong; W. Bulcock, A. Glover, de Orev (Melbourne), Beirne, Boll, Robertson, Partridge, Ruddle, Amos, Fish, Pliilp, F. Hall, tScarle, Rogers, Bale, >Noble, I-Iart, Tait,. L..M. Bond, Harlan, Pike, T.' W. Bouchard, Crichton,, Turniiull. Grahairi, Taylor. Kidney, Muro-Rohcrtson, Misses Mount- castle, Bouchard. Gavin, Robertson, de Grev (Melbourne) . Taylor, Kirk, Burns, Lockitt, and Ganley. Tho marriage oi Mr. George Robiiison, only son of Mrs. Roliinsou, of Evelyn street, Toowoomha, to Miss Alice Thom son, eldest daughter of Mrs. C. Thomson, of Anderson street. Valley, was solemn ised at the Joyful News' Mission on Wednesday afternoon', the. Rev. . J. B. Johnson officiating. The bride, .who whs given away by her brother; ' Mr. Albert Thomscn J wore a gown of silk eolienne, with n bridal veil ot Limerick lace anil a coronet ot orange hlossdmsi Sho was attended by two bridesmaids, . Miss B. Thomson and Miss G. Robinson, both of whom carried show'cr. bouquets and wore gold brooches, the gifts of -the liridc- . groom; Miss .Thomsen, wore' an Empire gown of cream crystalline, . inlet with guipure, cream Victorian bonnet. , Miss Robinson was in a dainty frock of blue -crystalline, with a blue floral Victorian bonnet.' , Messrs. J. Harris (Toowoomha) and .0. Thomsen attended as best- man and groomsman respectively. Mrs. Thomsen (mother of the bride) wore : an elegant gown of black silk, strapped with lilack glace, and a toque to -match. Mrs. I Robinson (mother oi the bridegroom) ' wore a pretty gown of brown silk grena dine, with folds of silff. The bride's gift . to the bridegroom was a gold 'albert, and ' the' bridegroom's to tho bride a gold heart and chain. After tho ceremony tho guests were entertained at Webster's cafe, where the wedding breakfast - was served. Subsequently the patty pro ceeded to the Caledonian rooms, where dancing,' interspersed with musical items and games, was indulged m. Later Mr. and Sirs. George Robinson- left for their | future home in Toowoomha. Miss Mario Collins is spending several weeks at Villa Marina, Sandgate. Mrs. M'Neill arrived J,rom Rockhamp ton this week, on a visit to friends. " Mrs; W; E. Robertson has returned to town alter . a rdund of. visits to friends m Warwick'. ' .- . ... Mrs Raveuhill, who has been visiting the north, passed through this week- by the Wyreema 'for Sydney. > Mrs. F. G. Annand,' Hamilton, is visit ing Toowoomba, and is the guest of Mrs. T. G. Robinson,' Camliy. Miss J. Dodweli. Yeronga; who / lias been visiting Ipswich,, has returned to town. . The president and committee oi the New Farm Bowling Club have issued invita tions to witness the/ match between New Farm and- Newcastle .on their green, ou Friday,. 15th October/' Misses Ejsie and Enid Wbytc, South Brisbane," who have heen on a round oi visits to relatives and friends in Mel hourue. are expected to return at the end of. the month. Mr. and Mrs. M'Crae (Sydney) are in town, and- are staying at the Greshani Hotel. Mrs. anil Mi$sts Whitchill, New Farm, have issued invitations for a euchre party. Miss- Lucas, who 'has lio.cn the guest of her relatives, Mr. and Mrs. James Chap man, Gregory terrace, intends returning to Rockhampton next week. Mr and Mrs. Cobhold (TownsviHc), who have, been staying at the Gresham Hotel for some weeks, lert by the Nikko Mara for a visit' to Japan and England." ' . Mrs. Cowie, and Miss Cowie, Kan garoo Point, have returned from a visit to the nort-lK Miss Martha Burns, Hope Mansel, New Farm, intends shortly to leave for a holi day visit to Melbourne. 