SCIENCE AND NATURE STUDY. A WHITE AUSTRALIA. IS IT A POSSIBILITY? Vice-president of the Anthropological Section of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science; late Lecturer on Anthropology at the London Institution, England, &c.; By SYDNEY B.J. SKERTCHLY. 247\. One fundamental difference between Canada and Australia is the splendour of the water system of the one as contrasted with the meagreness of the other. Water-car riage must always ojutbid land-car riage, and Australia has nothing like the trreat St. 'Lawrence (route from the Atlantic, by Winnipeg to the head waters of the Saskatche wan, a distance of 4500 miles. The Murray, it is true, is one of ttoo largest rivers in the world—on the map. It is 3800 miles long, but, alas, over most of its course it loses more water than it receives, and sometimes does net succeed tn reaching the sea. In averaf?e sea sons it is navigable to ARyury, a distance of 1408 miles from the mouth, but only in small vessels. There are (1908) ninety registered Bfceamers on tho river, and aibout the same number of bait^gea, tho largest being about 300 tons. After all we can only look upon the Mur ray as a canal of no large dimen sions, so far as navigation is con cerned. 248\. Thts is undoubtedly to the detriment of Australia ; but not so srreat as might be supposed. Can* ada was ironically described by envious Yankees as a few acres of snow round the North, Pole. There is a little sting of truth in the tail of this witty exaggeration. The samo chill hand that lays the plough idle seals up the Canadian waterways for months, and then the land o'i the maple, like the land of the wattle, has..to depend) upon horse and bullock and Bteam. The northern Canadian rivers are im practicable from rapids and falls, and even now, along the Nelson River from Winnipeg to Hudson's Bay, .an iron road is being laid to carry goods along tho shortest route from Manitoba to Manchester. Summing up, then, we find thta balance is pretty evenly held be tween the two countries. It may lean a little towards Canada m Its great waterway, but tjhe differ ence is not enough for us to de cide that Australia is not as fit a home for us as Canada^. 249\. The last point we have to settle in this comparison is 'the effect of climate and physical con dition. In these Canada is undoubtedly fnore home-like than Australia. We have nothing in sub stitute for the bracing north winds and it is the north wind that has made us north men what we are. We da not seem capable of enduring too much luxur" of cliraato. Out of the bleak Baltic lands our Gothic forbtears swopt to the balmy south, and our steel sinews won it all for ourselves : but wo could not hoW it. Homer's heroes had our own blue eyes and blondo complexion and fair. hair. Greece knows them no more, save as visi tors. It is the Dark White of Mycenae that to-day the Fair White King Gworge rules over, but he is not of Dorian but of Danish birth. Australia, is healthy as any part of tho world • it can produce tho finest type of white man, arfti keep him vigorous into ripe old age. But, as all this long inquiry has shown,; there is not a particle of proof that on Australian soil a new and virile strain of white men is being reared, who by natural in crease, can hold the land. 250\. I do not. say we shall die out. But I emphatically declare we must Uio out —for we are dying out —unless we can check the fatal de cline of our natural increase. We are improving our death-rate ; but ttot qur birth-rate, yet it is on this our fate depends. If,(then, I am asked for a cate gorical reply to the question, "Is a White Australia possible ?" I ans wer, '-'Not under present conditions." But if we can overcome tho tendency to aggregate in towns ; if we can improve the conditions of woman's life in the bush; then and then only can a true White Australia arise. How this latter may be accom plished I have hinted at. I will only point out that it will not be In the direction of small holdings, of one- man farms, that seem the ideal of some of our politicians. Franco has achieved that end, and .France is paying the penalty in a declining birth rate. Our Fair White race was born in the ruotred north. There is evi dence to confirm us in the beliof that it is a new raca ; that it is tbe child of the glacial period. If 80, then as a new race can bo born, there is hope that another race may arise in this health-giving, bright southern land. But we must produce it ourselves, out of our selves. We cannot do this by theo retacal legislation, or by restrictive edict. We must first grasp, and then grapple with the deep ques tion of our birth-rate. This is tho noblest task an Australian can undertake j X is a difficult one, but our race glories in overcoming difficulties. Some of the ways in which we may set about putting our house in order I have pointed out ; lif these, and others to bo dis covered are put in force, we may yet more than hold our own. We shall be a new race, a new White Race, perhaps not altogether Fair White, but we shall be a strong race born of sunshine and not of the north wind, and we shall be true AUSTRALIAN NATIVES. Conclusion. 251\. I will now give a concise summary of tho results of this inves tigation. Some of them may appear startling ; some are new ; all of them, I believe, to bo profoundly im portant to the actual and pros pective denizens of Australia. (&..) The course of human history has been reviewed from a novel standpoint ; that of raoo instead Qf that of politics. For this purpose the human species was dealt with on broad lines, as comprising the White, Yellow, and Black Races. The White Race was further subdivided into two sub-races—the Fair Whites and the Dark Whites. The former originated in the Baltic region, and are what are often called the Anglo- Saxon, or Germanic, stock. The latter are the swarthy folk of the Mediterranean area. It is with the Fair Whites—ourselves—we are chiefly concerned. (2.) The emigrations, immigra tions, the conquests of these races, havo been traced in broad outline. The evidence is abundant, and ex tends over thousand? of years. It unmistakably points to a great law underlying the distribution of race. This law may be thus ex pressed : NO RACE HAS EVER PERMAN ENTLY ESTABLISHED ITSELF ON FOREIGN SOIL. (3.) This conclusion, so directly contrary to the common view, is demonstrated over and over again. Thus, the Roman Empire was con fined within ethnographic bounda ries—the Rhine-Danube and the Tigris- Euphrates. Again, by the ftfth century the Fair Whites had conquered all Europe and North Africa. They could not hold it, and their blood has vanished almost entirely from all but the native soil. (4.) Thla htw involves a corolkwy. THE AUTOCHTHONOUS BLOOD TENDS TO REASSERT ITSELF AND BECOME AGAIN DOMINANT. Both these cases are illustrated by abundant evidence. Extermi nation alone prevents this re habilitation of native races ; but for us in Australia tho matter is only of academic interest ; our black* fellow is beting exterminated. (5.) Another important law is also established. NATURAL INCREASE CANNOT BE MAINTAINED BY IMMIGRATION. The parent coun tries cannot stand a continu ous drain of population ; and Europe is now demonstrating this fact. The mtmhrrants must multi ply fester on the new soil than their predecessors die out, or the population docs not naturally in crease. (6.) The first tendency on a con genial soil, is to raise the birth rate above the normal, and to en hance the physique. After about three generations this impulse wastes itself ; the birth rate sinks below the normal, and the physique is impaired. (7.) Another highly important and unexpected law has been brought to light. IMPROVED CONDITIONS OF LIFE (among immigrants) DO NOT RAISE THE BIRTH RATE ; THEY ONLY REDUCE THE DEATH RATE. In other words, a child has a better chance of seerinir olid age, but more children are not born to enjoy this blessing, (8.) If this were not so we should find the birth rate (and with it ttoe natural increase) invariably raised m improved conditions made them selves felt. This is not the case. In the United States the natural increase is declining in an alarm- Ing manner. In Australia the do cline is even more rapid. (9.) The conclusion which cries aloud from all the facts of his tory, and which must make Kself heard, is that IT IS ALMOST IM POSSIBLE FOR ANY RACE TO PERMANENTLY OCCUPY ALIEN SOIL. (10.) The fortiHty or healthiness ol a country has little to do with its habitability by alien races. Tho United States, much of Asia, Aus tralia, &c;, are quite healthy : yet never has there been a case of per manent occupation by the whites, whether Fair or Dark. (11.) I said "almost" impossible The one and only possible exception is Canada* so far as time piyes us sufficient grounds for coming to a definite conclusion. Australia (tho truly extra-tropical part) may be another, but it ts too soon to know, and UP TO THE PRESENT AUSTRALIA IS IN A WORSE PLIGHT THAN THE UNITED STATES. And in the United States the Fair White blood is rapidly dying out (12.) The humid tropic land of Aus tralia will never be truly colonised by white man, dark, or fair, or all the history of every tropic land for four hundred years has no lesson for us. We may occupy it as overlords, we may be sojourners there for part of our lives, but we shall nc er work the land and live. We sh- il never bequeath our foe simple to our heirs, for there will be no heirs to inherit. (13.) For the rest of Australia there may be hope ; but hope can only lead to success if we intelli gently and deliberately face the great problem of how to increase our rate of natural increase. (4.4.) We have traced two causes for the decline of our birth rate ; the abnormal aggregation in cities, and the severity of the woman's lot who "goos % buBh." Mitigate these evils and the birth rate may be raised. Whether it can be so raised as to reverse the down ward current that has so univer sally checked colonisation trime alone can show. I hope it is not mere hope that it may be so hero in Australia. But the dream of a White Australia, as gene rally understood, is but a dream, and a foolish dream that is con tradicted by every daylight fact from before the dawn of civilisation to our year of jubilee. (15.) The facts and arguments I have sot forth must be met fear lessly and intelligently; declama tion will not alter them ; political bias will not shift them a hair's breadth, be they never so unsavory to the palate. I have written in all seriousness after a long life of tra vel, observation, and study. Let me close with the words of Cicero, now two thousand yearfc old, words that will still be true two thou sand years hence, when the ques tion of a White Australia will have solved itself. "History Ja the witness of tho times, the torch of truth, the Iritfe of memory, tho teacher of life, the mes senger of antiquity."—Or. ii. 15. And again "Who does not know that the pri mary law of history l,s that it should not dare to say anything false ; next that it should dare to state the truth ; that there should be no suspicion of favour nor yet of hatred in its words."—Or. ii. 21. And so I say sincerely and not un hopefully "ADVANCE AUSTRALIA." The End. 