BREVITIES. V The Arctic wrangle is becoming nau- seating-. « Aviation can no longer be termed a v flight of fancy. 1 The ruptiu-e between the State and Federal Laborites may have iar- ! reaching results. The first rehearsal ol the Grafton Operatae Society has been fixed for Tuesday, Nov. 2. The Sydney City Council has cabled to London to Preece and Cardow to . complete an order for 3400 filament lamps for street lighting purposes. It is estimated that fully 90 per / cent, of the 'dairies on the Tweed will have to be altered as a result of the enforcement of the new dairy regula tions. M. Christensen -has resigned from the Danish Ministry owing to the de monstrations connected wfrth his al leged responsibility for the Alberti frauds. JLaeut. C. Bellairs, M.iP. (Liberal, King's Lynn), has joined the Union ists, and Lord Portman (Liberal, ' free trader) has pronounced in the same di rection. ' , t i | i ! An invention of Mr. A. R1 Angus, of Sydney, to prevent collisions of railway trains was successfully tried . on the Portland Cement Company's line on Monday. Two huge Maori Avar canoes, one of which is the famous Tc Awhiawhi. were landed in Sydney on Fridav'. -They are for Clontarf , where a Maori i Pah is being established. i Mr. Deakin1 stated oh- Monday that the Commonwealth would soon take up the Avhole of the Avork of adver tising Australia, and engage actively in encouraging immigration. Sydney mil probably have a popu lation of a million in ten, years' time, but .it would 'be better if the ; additional 400,000 were spread over the country. — "Sunday Times." The Premier of West Australia de clined on Tuesday to make a pro nouncement regarding a modification of the financial agreehient till there was unanimity among all the I'remiei's. . ; At Ckiltern (Vic.) on Wednesday William Gould and William Spence . Avere each sentenced to 12 months for -having gold-bearing sand in their possession, and to six months for: having gold-treating appliances in their possession. The R,M.S, India shipped fromiFre- mantle on Tuesday 15,000 soats. for ' -J Madras, bar-gold A'alued at £1029 for Bomhav); bar-gold Avorth £21,054 for 1 : Calcutta, and silver to the value of . £3640 for London. In the Senate on Wednesday Sena tor Millen, in reply to Senator Pearce (W.A.), said the Government was con- v sideling the advisability of establish- ing a naval college, and it was - ' thought the Dreadnought Fund would be sufficient. ) For the Aveek ended the 9th inst. . ; , the railway receipts of the State to- , tailed '£122,454, as against £112,- 841 for the corresponding period of 7 . last year, and increase of £9613. The tramAvays' increase for the same per- ' iod' \ras £2474, the respective totals U , U being £24,350 and £21,876. Never a1. Avord is dropped by the head Of the Government about reduc- y ti on of niembers or departmentaT re-, organisation on commercial lines, or ; ; /about laAv reform to reduce the vo- , - liiine of litigation viand -prevent' the ,uni ; v. warrantable fleecing of those who ' are compelled1 to go to law— "Sun-: - day Times'." ; - 1/ ' ' -'''i The local associations AV>ho pur pose sending delegates to the forth coming District Conference at Mac-' : V lean, on November 17, are reminded that resolutions for discussion there at must be sent in to the hon. sec. (Cr. Zuill) by to- morrow (Saturday). Already about a dozen resolutions have been forwarded. Sir Joseph Ward (Premier of N.Z. j denies thg statement (published in our . : "General Cables") that he offered grants of land to South African veto- rans living ip. Canada. When in ' 1 Canada recently he was Aviritten to on the subject. In reply he asked for. particulars of the proposal to be for- warded to him' in New ) Zealand, and he Avould' then consider them. Mr. Cowdeiy,, engineer jjfor tram- Avaj'S, quoted figures at the perman- cnt AA'ay. emplo'ces' annual picnic . ; in Sjdney on ' Monday last., / _ shOAving the groAvlh of the s.ystcm during the pas 20 years- The earn- . ings had increased from £243,563 to £1,097,565, the passengers carried from 55,510,860 to 186,318,738. and the mileage (single track) 'from 58-j- to , , : ' 255. iMr. Winston Churchill (President of the Board of Trade), ' on the suffra- . / ; , gottes .:— The advocates must convert, a ; v substantial majority of the sober- mindecl community. The frenzy of, a few Was no substitute for the earnest / ' conviction of millions. So long -as present tactics were continued, he was unable to assist. 1 M I I iv - " /- A message from Coff's Harbor on vv , Wednesday stated: — Twelve steajmfjrs - ; berthed here last Aveek. The trade of the port continues to groAV. Dorrigo- road via Coramba Avill be open' for : traffic early next year. This will fur- , ther increase the output of timber ' and general produce, and greater ship- . ! 7 ping facilities are ' required. The surl- bathing season is Avell adA'anced here; V: and ' dressing-sheds are in course ol erection. , v T i The "Daily Telegraph" states that 1 the foil q wing have submitted their . W i; claims for selection for the Richmond: V: seat,, in the interests of the Fusion'- Government, to the Liberal , and Re form League ' — Messrs W. Masse.v Greene, Peter Street,. A. Bruntnell. H. W. Lee, S. T. Northcott, and Ven- our Nathan. In addition. Mr. , R. . . Pyers, exdyt;L.A!., of Casino, has stat- ! ed his intention of standing j against . all-comers. . . - ' A fire occurred at Bega on Tuesday y f . / night, when the following premises in Carp-street ' (all wooden buildings) were destroyed : — R. Runkling, ladies , outfitter ;- R. A. Matthews., musical : warehouse, and J. Pell's auetion sale rooms. The last were gutted hV fire., hut the racehorses Trist'am. Sir Leo nard, Alstam; and Lady Claris were' saved- just in time. The total dam.-, age is estimated at about , £3000. , . Several other buildings were damaged. in addition to those named, .y -V.:- ' A: icleputation representing the . Syd- y, ' ' ney Chamber of Commerce asked the State Treasurer on Tuesday .for . in- 'Ly creased wharfage 'accommodation and , ; " improvements to the port. The pre- sent, accommodation for yessels Avas , quite inadequate. It was recommend- , ed\ that the Harbor Trust should have : y; ' £200,000 a year to spend for three / years on improvements. Mr. Waddell recognised the necessity , for increased- accommodation. The difficulty was to. find money. This vear the Govern- , ment would haAre to pay £3,000, 000> alone for works goixg on. . , , V 